"He's still alive and can probably tell us who took him if he survives. Also it's highly unlikely they would have left him alive if they had obtained the information or truly believed that he had it on him to begin with. They don't want to be the ones at fault for starting a war, they want to blame us for it. This is Dr. Watson, brief him and get him to the patient, he's cleared to know everything, notify me when you know more."
When he pulled up the report, they of course confirmed his assessment. Insulin, steroids, PCP, and THC were present in both victims and were the determined cause of death, both had been ruled as homicide. A small, shallow, crescent-shaped mark on the second victim, on the inner hip near the pubis caught his attention. It was from a fingernail.
The door opened and Mycroft stepped out smoothly. John followed a second later, the box of flowers securely in his hand.
"I can break and dislocate your leg in less than three seconds in a way that it will NEVER heal properly, and know exactly how to snap your spine so that you will never do anything more than suck your meals through a straw for the rest of your life. You so much as twitch wrong and I will have no qualms about doing so and blaming it solely on my documented Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and I am damned sure I will get away with it because you just struck an old woman with a brick in front of four police officers, a detective inspector, two CCTV cameras, and the world's best private detective. There won't be a jury in the world they can't convince that I did nothing more than squish a cockroach on the other side of town no matter what you say. Do you understand me?"
There's never really a warning of what will set it off, but Sherlock is extremely proficient at provoking it sometimes. All it can take is a small phrase, or a look, something in the eyes that makes the pressure start in his chest, the anger start to well up inside of his gut, until with one more word from those lips, or one last glance of disinterest or uncaring dismissal from those ice blue eyes, and the next thing he knows he's pinning Sherlock to the closest available surface. Walls, table, floor, bent over the sharp angle of the couch, it doesn't matter. He claws at the man, tearing away those perfectly tailored clothes, biting at his neck and lips instead of kissing them, digging in with fingers and nails and refusing to stop until that look has shifted, until there is feeling in those depths, until Sherlock's impenetrable and unaffected mask is completely shattered, flushed and panting, and is biting his lips so hard that he's bleeding, and even then he doesn't stop.
Only twenty-four, been in the military long enough to not only be a fully trained commando but also deployed as such to the middle east three times, the first time three years ago for a full six months, then again a year after that for nine months, and this current tour had still been ongoing before his untimely end. Yet he'd found the time and had also had the money to go to Oxford, whose lowest degree of study was a bachelor's degree which some people could complete in 3-4 years if you went for the right course of study, were there full time and worked yourself to near exhaustion? Most people on average needed about 5-6 years for their bachelors degrees just because they needed all of their classes to line up right in their schedules. Even if he'd graduated early at sixteen, that would have still put him at twenty-one at the time of graduation, and he was about to be on his second tour by then, not finishing his education and joining up.
"I keep my airtight alibi with me at all times. Too bad yours has to keep running back home to his wife."
"Not at all, and feel free to call me Violet. Come inside and get settled, then we will take tea in the Garden Room. I daresay if I know my boys they have been trying to have you sustain yourself on tea and air alone. Maisy is a wonderful cook, I'll have her bring some sandwiches round, what do you prefer? Our kitchen is stocked as if we were expecting a three year siege any day now."
"He's a soldier and a doctor, of course you'd feel safe around him, he's doubly trained to keep people alive and out of harms way."
Emotions and feelings and relationships weren't his thing, that's another way John had helped him, because he could give the perspective he couldn't understand. John was literally his heart, so how did he go about fixing the heart he'd injured when it didn't even know it had been hurt?
John pulled off his jumper and pulled on the scrubs, washed and prepped his hands, and put on a mask and gloves. Fletcher was just being wheeled out of X-ray and John immediately did a full analysis. Head injury was definitely going to need a specialist, and except for the chest and stab wounds he was actually in pretty stable condition, the lacerations were all different ages, most had already clotted, internal bleeding was severe but his pulse was still strong, oxygen was supplementing and dear gods the guy might actually stand a shot if they could get him to an actual operating room because the nails had mostly cauterized their own wounds.
Instead he brings Sherlock close, holds him tight, trying to let him know 'I will protect that however I can. I won't let anyone destroy the precious thing you just trusted me with, I'll even find a way to defend you from myself if I have to.' and Sherlock breathing gently as he rests his head on John's chest, seems to say 'alright' and John has no idea what to do with that level of trust, especially when he doesn't feel like he deserves any of it.
John shook his head, well he hadn't HIT him, that much was true. "No, I didn't hit him. It... it really did happen during sex, on accident, things got a bit carried away."
When Sherlock holds onto him just that much tighter, when John can practically feel the man's thoughts start up in his head again, part of him wants to breathe a sigh of relief. It isn't natural to see Sherlock so still, to be able to look into his eyes and not have to try and wade through a constant storm of unending thoughts before finding and catching hold of whatever it is that the man is focusing on now.
"Will you help me take the lid off of this box? It's a present for the Lady Violet, take a peek and tell me if you think she'll like it."
"Look I know you're all under orders, so I won't try to get you guys to tell me where we're going or anything, so just a simple nod or shake of the head will do. Is this drive going to take a while?"
"A favor for you, now come on before they try to make a break for it." He said and went back the way he came, John close beside him. Lestrade swore and suited up as well ordering some men around back of the barricade to keep the press in no matter what.
John knew better than to fight with six armed men without knowing the whole story, and he was willing to deal with the situation as it occurred, so he calmly set about dressing himself, after all he was military, far more men than this had seen his arse naked before.
John sighed and made sure he had everything he needed; keys, wallet, cash for cabs, then grabbed two clips of ammunition, loaded, checked, and put his Sig into the shoulder holster Mycroft had given him for Christmas.
He had come by in the middle of a case this time and growled about how the clues weren't adding up and ranted for a good ten minutes about all the things that didn't make any sense, and he was beginning to wonder if it was all a conspiracy cooked up by the Yard in order to drive him mental. He wouldn't put it past Anderson. John had looked puzzled for a moment and then made the strangest non-sequiter "What did her teeth look like?" Puzzled, Sherlock had described them, terrible looking, like she had been beaten severely, a few recently missing, the gums had still been red, but there was no bruising on her face. John had just shook his head sadly.
Normal for him was in the heart of a life or death situation, or smack dab in the middle of the frenzied fray and getting his hands dirty. He was a combat surgeon and a damn good one, and he thrived under pressure and adrenaline. A man was still breathing today because he had been up to his elbows in viscera doing surgery instead of treating another case of strep, or writing out another script for cough syrup, and just like with the cane, he couldn't go back to it now.
"Look, I know this is terrifying, but just keep fighting soldier, you didn't win this war just to be defeated by a skirmish, and now you've got the entire British Government backing you up and pissed off at the ones who did this to you. Your boss has been on my ass to wake you for days now just so he knows who to shoot at. You'll get through this and prove that yes they hurt you, but even though they did their absolute worst they couldn't fully break you, because you're still alive. Your heart stopped four times, do you understand that? You died four times in one day and you are still here. If you had truly wanted to die, there's nothing we could have done to have kept you breathing on that table, in fact with how badly you were injured you only stood a ten percent chance of even making it through all those surgeries, let alone coming out of it as more than a vegetable. Technically you should have been declared as too far gone to save and been allowed to slip away after making you comfortable on pain killers because it would have been the far more 'humane' treatment. But you got placed with the stubborn surgeon whose willing to fight as long as the patient is, and here you are, aware, alert, and still going. You didn't stop fighting, it was your will to live that pulled you through. And even though you are going to feel like shit for a very long time, you are still breathing, which is more than I can say for the bastards who did this if I know your boss. Oh and I owe you dinner wherever you like when you finally get out of here, I promised you one if you would just stop flatlining on me and you kept up your end."
Our hearty seasonal soups can also be served in a bread bowl, your choice of beef stew, seafood chowder, chicken and dumpling, butternut squash, chili, or vegetable. Bread choices are white, brown, rye, oat, or sourdough.
“She must have been held hostage for a very long time to get that sick, they weren't feeding her right. Her teeth, and nails, that's a classic sign of scurvy, had it at least a couple of months I'd say. Poor thing."
Anderson had work to do, and he needed to get lost in his work for a bit, he needed to feel strong and brave and useful in there, helping find the person who killed those people, collecting data and evidence to put them away for life.
John’s gut feeling proved correct. Once Sherlock found the pattern in other cases it was easy to track down the original victims associates, and his motives. The mass murderer turned out to be Devin Longsworth, age 21. He was an insulin dependent diabetic man whose looks had deteriorated vastly and rapidly in his very early teenage years due to the sudden onset of the disease in an episode which nearly killed him when he was 13. Afterwards, his inability and unwillingness to manage it properly led to depression, extreme weight gain, permanently discolored his skin to a dark reddish purple at the cheeks, wrists, hands, and lower legs, going blind in one eye, and him needing to have some of his fingers and toes amputated. And to top it all off the hormones of puberty gave him severe acne which scarred him with deep pock marks. He had gone from being a popular kid having a promising career in modeling, to being the child who was excessively bullied in school in less than a year.
By midafternoon they were finally pulling up to the main house of Holmes Manor, Holmestead Groves, even though they would probably be staying in the west annex house Briar Rose Hall, or if Mycroft had his way about it, he would take over the southern guest house Crestfield Point for the duration of his stay and let everyone else get up to whatever they wished.
Blushing and just desperate to get out of there, John hastily nodded his agreement and all but ran after Sherlock in his haste to get away from his embarrassment. Sherlock had gotten so ahead of him he couldn't even see him, and even when he made it to where Harcourt would be waiting to take them back, it was still a few moments before John spotted Sherlock, glowering spectacularly and tucking something into his pocket.
? Not for a second, and never with his odds. Do you honestly think anyone would have gotten permission from the surgical director for something like that if it had been anyone else who originally only had a ten percent chance of surgical survival and he couldn't even consent? Never. That was all your own pull. Carl Greenburg was right, this was a surgery for the history books. What we did is not how it usually goes, it was an exception in every sense. If anyone saw the tapes, surgical teachers would be begging for copies. They could be used literally as recruitment videos for future surgeons, especially if the end had a clip saying he made it and showed a video of him alive and well. That kind of surgery made us look like superheroes. Hell
It was just beginning to think about becoming summer, middle of the week at the tail end of the lunch rush, and John was discussing a new seasonal menu with his head chef, when the brick slammed through the window shattering the glass over two customers and striking two more, one of Mrs. Hudson's bridge club in the shoulder, and the other was Sebastian Moran in the leg. Sherlock was up and dashing out the busted window not even half a second later. "Come on John!' sounded like a battle cry through his mind, and John was only steps behind, Lestrade already on his mobile phoning in the incident. The glass was a mere nuisance as he dashed out the door and down the street after the assailants, Sebastian only steps behind them, charging like an enraged and murderous bull. The four teens had no idea of the wrath they had unleashed and stood no chance against two royal marines and the world's most persistent detective. Two were taken down within seconds and Sherlock stayed behind to watch them until Lestrade arrived, as Moran and John went after the other two and split up when the teens did. Six blocks, two walls and a private garden later, and John Watson tackled the teen so hard into the ground the boy had the wind completely knocked out of him. There was fear in the kid's eyes when John's arm slid around his throat and his 'Captain Watson' voice came straight through, filled with threat and anger and command.
"Oh no he's the mirror image of our maternal grandfather, I take after our father the most, though Father's hair was more red than auburn, Sherlock's hair shows some highlights of it when the light is just right."
"Thank you John, but no. While stronger painkillers would help me one way, they also have the extremely annoying side effects of making me very uncoordinated and knocking me out for hours, especially opiates like hydrocodone and codine. They also slow my thought processes down considerably, which would not be beneficial to either of us right now. Perhaps later tonight before bed if I still need them."
"We know about as much as you do," John replied, since Sherlock had rolled his eyes and begun staring out the window. "He just texted and told us to be ready in ten minutes and to expect a media circus, nothing else." John could immediately feel Sherlock's eyes boring into him, knowing that he was lying and almost ready to call him on it, but John figured if Lestrade hadn't told him, there was a reason for it, and he wasn't going to put the man in any fouler of a mood than he seemed to be in already.
Mycroft was shooting him a 'I hate you so VERY much right now, because she's going to win against you, and have me get her a prince filled ball' Look.
"I observe, and he and I have talked several times. He was a combat surgeon, got shot twice on his last deployment to Afghanistan, received commendations, moved up a rank, then didn't heal up as well as he'd hoped, was invalided out, couldn't continue as a surgeon, and opened this place with his limited pension money. He lives in a studio apartment upstairs if I'm not mistaken, and I know I'm not."
"If you test the victims insulin and adrenaline levels, then check for steroids, THC, and LSD, you will save your department a lot of time and money." Sherlock, who was examining him like he was under a microscope, stated as if he were merely commenting on the weather, before he pulled on his coat.
Sherlock couldn't remember a time he had been more furious or had felt so utterly helpless. Part of him wanted to phone Lestrade, no matter how big of a blow to his ego it would have been, but the rest of him knew it would be pointless, and not because half of Scotland Yard were incompetent morons, though they were of course, it was simply the fact that it was Mycroft. Sherlock could have gone to Scotland Yard with videotape showing his brother abducting and murdering a man, presented the gun with his fingerprints in the victim's blood, found his DNA at the scene of the crime, and presented a signed confession and there still "wouldn't have been any evidence to support your wild claim against your brother". Mycroft had connections, hell he could probably blackmail the entire world into handing him the reins and letting him rule them all if he got it into his head to be an overlord instead of a manipulating bastard pulling all the strings from the background and pretending like he was no one special. You could assassinate the entire Royal family, The Prime Minister, all of Parliament and the House of Lords, and not even a day later all of Britain would still be ticking away like clockwork as if nothing had happened. Contrariwise, If someone ever got it into their heads to shoot a minor clerk in the British Government, Great Britain and half of the world would fall into utter chaos in less than twelve hours. Unless of course Mycroft had some sort of failsafe in place, and knowing Mycroft, he most likely did.
"I told him it would be a bad idea to keep you on communications blackout, but Mycroft always seems to think he knows better, even when he doesn't."
Now he wanted to make things right, he wanted to fix this mistake he had made, even though John hadn't figured it out yet. For the first time ever, Sherlock felt GUILTY about something, and he had no idea what to do in this situation. He had been forced to apologize for any number of transgressions when he'd been a child, but he hadn't truly MEANT any of them. Was he supposed to confess, and then make it right? No one else had even caught on, and it made his gut twist when he thought of trying to explain what exactly he had done, especially to John. Could he make him understand that he hadn't MEANT for him to be hurt by it? Would that even work? John might have the patience of a mythological saint, but when his ire was raised he had a surprisingly short amount of tolerance for Sherlock, and Sherlock already knew this would most likely end badly.
“Well, that was exciting. Might I ask what you might have done to have hooligans throwing bricks through your windows during lunch time?”
He digitally circled the area and sent the picture back, telling them to check the area for DNA and fingerprints, and also to dust around the upper arms, throat, and hips. Also the fact that threads of silk fiber had been found on both of the victims clothes or hair was another fascinating clue, since there hadn't been any silk in the vicinity, so for it to be on both men was definitely significant, even if he didn't know what it meant yet. He also requested a rape kit be performed on both men and requested the same for all remaining victims as well, and asked if they could make the exams on victims number 6, 7, 9, 12, 18, and 22 their top priority. Something was off about all of the people in that room, and especially those six but he couldn't tell what just yet.
John winces at the deep reddish-purple marks around Sherlock's waist, his thumbs had been digging hard into Sherlocks' kidneys near the end of this latest encounter, and feels bile rise in his throat right as the guilt comes crashing down on him. Face first over the coffee table this time, there's blood on Sherlock's shoulder, along with a perfect oval of teeth indents, each one vividly visible. He hadn't used enough preparation or lube either, the bottle hidden between the couch cushions had been near empty, and he hadn't bothered with wasting time to find more. He doesn't want to know how much damage he's caused this time.
The takeout arrived and he distractedly grabbed a box and some chopsticks, not caring what it was and began eating out of the carton, completely missing Mrs. Hudson's terrified look at the portable IV. He poured himself another cup of coffee and lay on the sofa to think. How could the killers have immobilized the key four without any retaliation, defensive marks, or signs of restraint? What could they have done to take all of them down at once without a fight? No evidence of explosives or excessive torture, nothing indicating anything besides acute forced starvation through drugs and the symptoms thereof. What was he missing?
The murderer was re-enacting something, like a macabre and demented play that slotted his victims into the roles of either people who had tormented him in the past, people he had already killed and wanted to kill again, or possibly even both. He dialed Lestrade, grabbed his coat and laptop and rushed out the door. It was a mistake to have gone along with Lestrade's request of not doing more than finding an exact cause of death the first time, he would have caught that the first time if they had given him longer at the scene and then Anderson had distracted him completely. The autopsies and toxicology reports would take too long, he needed to see all the bodies and the exact layout of the crime scene again.
What a mess. And really, completely unnecessary if Sherlock could ever be arsed to consider the consequences. John, as always was an enigma. For the first time ever, Mycroft had chosen John and his happiness over blood family, and not just any family, but over SHERLOCK. Something until it had happened he was unaware could even occur. Until now, if Sherlock had been a serial killer Mycroft would have been cleaning up the bodies and finding someway to make sure no one ever knew while finding a way to get his brother professional help, but now he had picked John over Sherlock, and he wasn't sorry. Something in him was desperately wanting Sherlock to be squirming over John being gone, in fact he would have liked to have kept his errant little brother in that tortured state of panicked unknowing for quite a while longer, that had been the whole point of the entire dramatic 'abduction' after all, well that and he really had needed to hit John for being a careless idiot. But John, as always, was too merciful and willing to release his brother from his well earned torment. However, when all was said and done, if John wished to seek retaliation, (doubtful but one could hope) he was sure he could find something appropriate.
When he had questioned Mycroft his only response had been "Merely a bit of house keeping little brother, you know how I dislike you leaving your broken toys and experiments scattered about. Consider this damage control, before you go hurting yourself even more."
Why was someone so simple also so extraordinary, loyal, and full of surprises? And then he'd seen it clear as day in John's eyes, he loved Sherlock. John couldn't care less what kind of love it was or if it would ever be reciprocated or not, John loved him and would go to the ends of the earth and back again for him. (Sherlock had even tested the theory later on to confirm. John had traipsed half the globe in 4 days collecting evidence from 12 different places for him and had smiled for 5 whole minutes after Sherlock had greeted him at the door and sat him down with a cup of tea and a very uncharacteristic shoulder squeeze, before grabbing up the evidence and texting Lestrade he had everything needed to put the perpetrator away.)
The coffee had been some of the best he had ever tasted and the tea was one of the most comforting things he had ever tried. Sherlock had been by nearly religiously about four to five times a week ever since then. He'd come daily if it wasn't a black day or he wasn't too busy in the mad dash of discovering clues and facts and figuring out the mystery of it all. He had to come back, the place was just that good. His thoughts seemed to slow and grow focused and clearer around John, and John's presence didn't wear on him, in fact he enjoyed the unassuming little man's company, his quiet calming demeanor, the warm fuzzy jumpers concealing and contradicting a war hardened soldier who still kept in rigorous shape, the constant supply of fine tea and small nibbles, nothing too filling, but still let John feel like he was feeding him, and the way everything seemed to ease off his shoulders the moment Sherlock entered the door. He'd taken to telling John about his cases, and the man's eyes would always light up in the most wondrous delight, he'd sit down and join him on a short break, earnest praise and amazement always spilling forth, and Sherlock could tell that he was really listening to him talk about his cases, was truly impressed with him, which made him want to tell John even more.
Mycroft was smirking at him in a most mischievous way. "Careful John, or I will have to tell Sherlock that you are flirting and giving flowers to pretty girls behind his back."
He had forgotten, in fact erased the memory until the moment the task force had entered to take John, and that's when he knew Mycroft had death on his mind. 'Only one place to take their wounded', he remembered too late. Their family's home had served as a fort and an army hospital during both world wars, and during World War Two the wounded had resided in the chapel, which also housed the family crypt.
It was a very small group of people who came to John after hours, about twenty-five at most, mainly because it was late and beds at the shelters filled up rather early in the colder months. Several others who didn't seek the shelters were already asleep wherever they could curl up for the night, or wandering the streets believing it to be safer to sleep during the day. It was long past hours for soup kitchens to be open, and it was obvious that John's shop wasn't making more food, just giving whatever they had left. John wasn't a rich man, in fact it was probably hard for him to stay open at all with how little business he did, but he still cared enough to try to help whoever he could with whatever he had.
Sherlock grinned, kissed John on the cheek, and grabbed up all of the evidence. “We'll celebrate your recovery as soon as they're in jail John!”
"Why did you stop me? Why wouldn't you let me go after that ignorant, pathetic, whimpering, whining, stupid, dunderheaded moron and make him take those dreadful words about you back? WHY? Why would you let him insinuate that you-"
"Oh, John, you've outdone yourself, I can see why it's your favorite." Sherlock purred happily, and taking another sip.
I'm not going to lie to you Major, I've known this man a long time, even if I didn't know what all he was up to, hes been a very good friend and a mentor to me. He's been an operative for nearly seventeen years, and I can tell you with all honesty, he wouldn't want to continue on like this, in fact he has a DNR with my name as witness on it that we've already been ordered to ignore unless he goes brain dead. If you manage to, he's not going to see you saving him as a kindness, in fact it's probably down right cruel of us to make him try and live through the aftermath. And if his mind survives this intact after what he's been through I just might stop believing in the existence of any kind of benevolent God. But that's not what I'm allowed to want or pray for this time. He has information we desperately need, he's a good man, and he deserves a chance to make the ones who did this to him pay, and knowing him, he'd want to."
"Must have been John's cooking, and the tea, he comes in here every time to do just what he's always done, but John is always providing a diversion. I know I've come in a few times bent on murder and property destruction when I get to work, but I'm never able to leave that way. Besides, your brother is a hedonist even if he tries to hide it, of course John's food provides the perfect distraction, he's even got you eating regular, and I was convinced for years that you were surviving on air, cigarettes, tea, and random pieces of toast every few days."
Seasonal house favorite: Cocoffee with several flavors available: regular, peppermint, toffee, vanilla, caramel, cinnamon, gingerbread, triple chocolate, Bailies Irish Cream, brandy, or rum. Comes with your choice of either whipped cream, marshmallows, or marshmallow fluff on top.
I did my best to wrap up all of the plot lines for this story. I wish I had gotten to explore certain aspects of it a bit deeper, but the plot bunny just wasn't having it. But I think that you would rather have a finished as I can make it story instead a forever unfinished one. I truly loved this prompt. Thank you so much to Axelle for originally asking for it. I hope that I at least made it worth the wait.
"Order them around the back of the barricade, block in the press and don't let them out. John grab that biosuit and put on a face mask, Lestrade you too." Sherlock put on the medical mask and a hair cap and started suiting up in the biohazard gear.
Chapter 6 should be up around Monday or Tuesday when I am on self prescribe bedrest after my company leaves, because I will no doubt be broken, and what better way to recover?
"That's right." He nodded to the guard who still stood behind John, who grabbed his hair, forced his head back and pressed a very large Bowie knife under the doctor's chin. "After all of my leniency and generosity, is this really the gratitude I receive in return John, Sherlock's physical and sexual abuse? Given your complete and utter repetitive failures in this endeavor, perpetuated by your own two hands no less, can you give me one singular reason as to why I shouldn't kill you right now and leave your worthless corpse to rot?"
John stands up and pretends he doesn't notice Sherlock take a plaster, paracetamol, and the tube of zinc diaper rash cream (which is far gentler than the hemorrhoid ointment), before he closes the first aid kit and steps out of the room.
Sherlock had wanted to speak, say something, anything, but his throat had felt choked up and he completely forgot every word in his massive vocabulary. So he had kissed John instead, desperately wanting to tell him he was sorry in a hundred different ways, and to prove to him that there was no way he was a scared victim, and that John wasn't an abuser.
They stood there in the foyer with Sherlock pressing him against the door and the man's tongue literally halfway down his throat in a possessive gesture he'd only seen once before, the first night Sherlock had kissed him, after they went home from the incident at the pool.
They had become daily regulars after that, and anytime he had a large meeting to go to over lunch, he always called ahead to order a catered lunch for all of them, and he always got compliments on the food. He sometimes also dropped by at the end of the day for a cup of tea and to chat with John for awhile, defragmenting from the day so he didn't have to take any part of his work home with him or to the Diogenes Club. John was an intelligent and up to date man who didn't just pay lip service but actually listened to what people had to say, but he was in no way a gossip, and that was a rare quality to find these days.
That really shouldn't have been arousing to hear, especially in the position he was in, but dying by Sherlock's hand if things went too far, (and he was SO relieved to know that there WAS a too far,) John was surprisingly okay with that. He knew he shouldn't give in, he knew he had still been trying to make a point and that Sherlock was intentionally distracting him because Anderson had pissed him off. But this part of Sherlock he could interpret easily. If John wasn't going to let him assault the bastard then he had better shut up and distract the detective in other ways, ways that most likely involved him spreading his legs as Sherlock slipped between them in some form or another. The man had an uncanny ability of making his thoughts derail and making his mind go blank, and John, as always, followed Sherlock's lead.
Holiday sub. Slow roasted turkey served hot, and loaded with stuffing, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy. served with coleslaw, and a choice of side.
It felt like a whole stone slammed into Anderson's stomach. Everyone had noticed that Sherlock's behavior had changed drastically after John arrived. So many people were relieved about it, swore up, down, and sideways that it was so much better this way, begging John to keep it up because it made their jobs and lives a bit easier. Begging him to... oh gods.
Anderson couldn't stop himself, he was angry, he couldn't let this lie, this was one issue he just couldn't stand silence on, that's what let it continue unchecked. "I thought you were some sort of mixed martial arts, boxing, street scrapper. You took out five armed men on your own once, I SAW you! You could have fought back, you don't have an excuse, why the hell didn't you fight back?!"
"Well it's good for you to get out of the house a bit, you've been driving poor John spare up there! Did you two patch up your little domestic?"
"Try and  wiggle your right thumb, alright now your left thumb. Perfect. Can you feel my hand on your stomach?"
For all the Holmes' brilliance was a useful thing, it was also a double-sided blade that could turn on its owner instantly or was accompanied by crippling side effects in some form or another. Even as a child anything that wasn't rational, logical, had a direct impact on his life, or was able to be quantifiably measured, tested, and irrevocably proven, Sherlock had dismissed as entirely unimportant. Unfortunately that had included several things that most people considered basic human characteristics, such as friendships, emotions, morals, boundaries, restraint, attachments, and 'sentiment' of any kind.
"Did you say Mycroft? As in early 40's, expensive suits, receding hairline, slight paunch, drop dead gorgeous assistant, and wields an umbrella like it could easily become a weaponized walking stick? THAT Mycroft?"
Fish and chips- Fresh Dover sole fillets with cut to order chips. Served with tartar sauce and choice of soup or salad.
They were still for maybe half an hour before Sherlock insisted they get cleaned up and then tucked them into bed together since neither had gotten enough sleep the night before.
Sebastian and John got on like two peas in a pod, both former military, Royal Marines at that, both doctors, but Sebastian had been a black ops sniper whereas he'd been a combat surgeon and commando. They still never ran out of things to talk about, there was that camaraderie that came with having a similar background, understanding where someone was coming from, and the things they had seen. Jim always smiled when the two of them got to talking, he was a small, very wealthy looking business man with an Irish burr to his tone and a fondness for very expensive bespoke suits, but he was always polite and very generous with his smile. He and Sebastian seemed to be lovers, though John couldn't say for sure, they got on well and Jim was always talking about business dealings they had going on all around the world, China and France, Hungary, Switzerland, Columbia, Russia, the Cayman Islands, The Americas, Greece, always waiting for deliveries to arrive, or people to call in, or another client requesting a special order. He wondered if Jim owned a shipping business of some kind, whatever he did, it paid well. Jim was a charming sort of fellow who always smiled like he had a secret. It had always been slightly off putting, like it was with most career business men because it was hard to tell when the smiles or sentiments were real and when it was just a show in order to get you to sign your soul away without knowing it. Something in his gut told him Jim could be very dangerous if he ever decided to be, but his smiles towards John were always genuine and they reached his eyes. For some reason that always assured John that he was safe enough, Jim liked him, and therefore he had nothing to worry about.
“The Holmes personality is extremely analytical like that, it's based entirely on logic and rational thinking, not letting emotion come into play very much, if at all. Our father was a very cold man, not cruel, at least not intentionally, but he was ruthless in business, and so sharp and assessing I used to believe his eyes could cut you to your soul, and it was not a painless cut. Our grandfather was the same. You think Sherlock has sharp eyes, they are a kittens' when compared to our fathers' or grandfathers', in fact the trait has been a Holmes family point of pride for more generations then I can readily name. It was cultured in our family line like some would cultivate a rare orchid. Needless to say I was a great disappointment to our father, my personality takes much after mothers' side of the family, though I am very shrewd in business, he considered my eyes to be far too soft. Mycroft has them, and so does Sherlock, the trait honed itself sharper with each child our mother had. While Mycroft is more cunning, he can at least still function in society and understand people, Sherlock wasn't so lucky. He is a Holmes down to his soul, and that has always been very problematic for him in realizing that not only do his actions have consequences, but that those consequences can be more than physical. Emotions are very hard for Sherlock to understand or deal with, at least when they're his own. While he's a genius in other areas, he's pretty much a child emotionally. So when he does things that hurt people emotionally, he's usually not aware of it.”
"Not really, no. You kill me and Sherlock's safe again, I get it. Just tell him I'm sorry and I love him. Sorry I let you down Mycroft." John closed his eyes, because the last thing he saw wasn't going to be Mycroft damnit, it was going to be Sherlock, that weekend a few months ago when he'd had the detective wrapped around his entire body as he'd taken him against the wall in his bedroom where Mrs. Hudson couldn't have heard. Sherlock had actually blushed that day, apparently there was this one spot he had been hitting just right and the stoic man had been blushing and whimpering and repeating John's name in a seductive mantra that had sounded like a desperate prayer. If it's possible to wait around after death, he'd do that, look after Sherlock until the mad git either did himself in or got himself killed.
“As is the safety of your customers, and this glass will not only not break over their heads, but will also reduce your insurance premiums for having it. It's free of charge, honestly, why are you protesting this so much?”
Half past noon and it was a quiet lunchtime for any cafe. Only ten people. He knew why and it angered him, he didn't think any business that had to resort to such things had any business being open. He chased off the crowd of delinquents standing a door down on either side of his shop, scaring off the customers, and bringing down sales considerably. This time he really scared them, he walked out with a digital camera, took their pictures and made sure they saw him do it. They immediately took off, trying to hide their faces, but he had them on camera. John smirked and resumed working.
Chili- a rich meaty chili with beans, onions, and tomatoes slow cooked for four hours in our special blend of spices
"Considering I have no idea what that might be, why are you asking me?" Lestrade responded, now also becoming curious.
Six Squad Sunday was the worst day Mark and he had ever had working together. It was the year before he was invalided home. Four separate squads had come under direct attack, and two squads had an unfortunate encounter with landmines that day. The wounded were coming in not even an hour apart from each other, and they were the closest med station available within fifty clicks in any direction. They had only been able to save two of the thirty-five critically injured soldiers who had been transported in that day. They were short on supplies, people, transport, and worst of all, time. It was a complete no win situation and after that thirty-four hour nightmare shift, John had gotten drunk. Not just any drunk, but I-can't-even-move-let-alone-think-about-walking drunk. They had broken into Mark's private reserve and polished off three and a half large bottles of fine Irish whiskey together. John had a feeling they both would need a drink after this one too.
“Where?” John asked, fingers moving to take a pulse. Relief washed through him: this one was alive. The pulse was slow and weak, but it was there.
“How are you still alive when your Healer clings to practices from the stone ages?” the stranger demanded petulantly as John entered the infirmary. John was surprised it was still morning: the bowl incident felt like ages ago.
“In the west corner of your land, sir,” his head guard, Standford, supplied. The man’s normally jolly face was creased with worry. “I believe he’d been following the river but was cut down by starvation. He’s skin and bone, sir.”
The sheriff didn’t speak for a long moment, but then he laughed, until he had to brace his hands on his knees, tears rolling down his face, wheezing for breath between bouts. Not a single other being in the room moved, except to flinch at every new burst of mirth. Finally, after he wiped his face and recovered his breath, he waved a careless hand at John’s mother. The woman sat in a daze, and the Sheriff turned towards the elders.
Sherlock nodded indulgently. “Take a step back and look at the bigger picture: even the youngest, healthiest omegas only go into heat once a month, and for days at a time. There’s only a small market for that kind of sexual activity, so no significant amounts of money can be made. And further: why would those omegas sell themselves into slavery when they could make ten times as much money in a marriage agreement? No, the omegas desperate enough to turn to prostitution are made less desirable by their debilitating and unpredictable heats. True money is made in servicing the hundreds of thousands of travelers who pass through the northland’s cities each year. For those clients, alphas are the best solution: a quick night of pleasure, a burst of light in the endless winter nights.”
Sherlock was scrutinizing him again. “John,” he asked solemnly, like a teacher explaining something serious and terrible in a straightforward manner, “Do you know why alphas are preferred as prostitutes?”
It was the right thing to say: the moment lifted and Sherlock chuckled. “My old nursemaid lives on the shores of the Southeast, just a couple weeks travel on foot from here. I knew that if I made it there, I would be safe.”
Now-adult John, gazing out over the summer afternoon, wondered to himself if three generations were enough to make a family a matriarchy: his grandmother had trained up her omega child to rule the land, who had in turn trained both her omega children for it because war was brewing and John potentially had a career in the business of war.
“There isn’t a single hypodermic syringe in this entire infirmary,” Sherlock finally said, and after a beat, John realized that the man wasn’t being rhetorical. John thought for a moment, then shrugged.
Nausea curled through John’s gut: definitely too much for John or his kingdom to pay. “How long until he recovers?” he asked curtly.
John gazed out over the land, jaw clenched tight. A haze hung all around him--these fields had burned all night, caught only when the morning watchwoman had glimpsed the far-off smoke. John had known the man who farmed here, and now that man was nothing more than a lifeless, bloodied husk. This wasn't the first slash-and-burn under his reign, and John was grim with the knowledge that it wouldn't be the last.
“Too hot in the kitchen,” he explained, then curiously glanced around for Sherlock – he hadn’t been on his cot when John came in.
Sherlock was gazing at him, half-smile hiding the intensity of his eyes. “You really do care, don’t you?” he asked quietly, and rose to his feet in a semi-graceful movement. He reverently placed the book back on the shelf, then held out a hand to John. “Your healer will have my head if I allow you to sit out here all night.”
“Seven children is too much to compete with running a kingdom, no matter how small it is on the map,” she’d half-joked after handing him the legal documents. “Just think, you’ll be the first male omega sitting at Grama’s desk in the library. She’d be so proud!”
John turned to the stranger, whose eyes were still shut, and raised his voice slightly. “You’re my responsibility until you’re fit to travel and willing to leave. I will provide sanctuary as far as I’m able until you reach the border of my land.”
The library door opened. He turned in the chair and saw Mary stood in the doorwary, wry amusement written across her face. “He’s speaking. He wishes to speak to the ‘one in charge’,” she said, bowing to John in a terribly exaggerated manner.
John didn’t approach. He carefully knelt, then sat on the cold stone floor, placing his cane behind him. They stared at each other in the silence, and John wished the whirring summer night could be around them instead of the heartbeat in his ears.
This chapter is actually the reason I wrote this fic: I wanted to create a role-reversal and turn a trope on it's head--specifically, the assumption in alpha/beta/omega-verse that omegas would be sex workers (since they're kinda the equivalent of women?). I also wanted to upend the assumption that "omega = woman" by having John, the omega in this love story, exhibit both male and female traits. I know that the alpha/beta/omega-verse (slash trope) is varied and can range from "ridiculous PWP" to "where's the freaking porn??" and I wanted to create a story somewhere in the middle. Anyway. I love trope-upheval, obviously.
Yep, a northerner for sure: longish hair in dark curls, skin as white as polished bone (aside from the burns where he hadn’t been covered: John wondered if he’d been attacked and left for dead, robbed of even his clothes). At first glance, he was achingly gorgeous, all muscle and bone, but John has a keener eye than that: the man was purpled with old bruising. No scars, though. John knelt at the stranger’s head and hooked his hands under the stranger’s armpits; Mary lifted at the knees. The man was much taller than John had first thought, but John had no way of knowing how much taller. They lifted in unison and try their best not to jostle their patient. The stranger’s head lolled while resting on John’s shouler.
Sherlock was scrutinizing him again, his all-seeing eyes partially hidden behind his hair, which did nothing to relieve John’s discomfort. After a moment, Sherlock seemed to shake himself out of his thoughts and he nodded. “Are these your family’s books, or do you keep only specific ones?” Sherlock asked amicably and John smiled, genuinely this time.
John blinked at him, then smiled a bit. “Are you saying you want a tour of the house?” he said, half teasingly. “I would think you’d rather do your own explorations.”
“Well…” he began, and put a stablizing arm around Sherlock’s (horrifically thin!) waist. He began their walk. “These shelves here are for my grandmother’s treasures…”
His voice was low, and quiet, and knife-edge dangerous. “Gentlemen, this lady deserves your respect.” He paused, and checked the face of every single elder in the room. “Do not call me about this matter again.”
The guards bowed and stood. After a momvent of maneuvering, they clattered back out of the room. John experienced a moment of silence: the dangerous silence that seemed to eat away at him during the long, cold nights after returning from war. This stranger was a complication he didn’t need right now, but he couldn’t justify throwing the stranger out of the Watson lands or—gods forbid—performing a mercy killing. The harvest was looking promising this year, but that payoff was moons away, leaving supplies stretched thin in the meantime. The stranger will presumably need herbs and bandages, and food, and what if his master came calling? How much was this stranger worth to his master? Presumably, too much for John to pay. John could easily lie about the stranger, but at what price if the lie was discovered? Burning of the fields, another winter of starvation?
“Is he awake?” John asked as he limped into the bathing room. The stranger was lying in the drained tub, already dressed in a loose robe, head resting on a rolled towel.
Sherlock shrugged again. “I was extremely lucky to be born with this face and this body: with a fair bit of shrewdness, I became my own master, up to a point. I could pick my own clients, within reason. I was very lucrative. It actually became a game to me, to learn how to understand what the client wanted, and deliver flawlessly.” He was preening slightly, and John chuckled quietly. Hearing the story without remorse was like debridement by fire: this man had found a way to survive a fate that John couldn’t imagine surviving in a thousand lifetimes.
Then the stranger opened his mouth to speak, breaking the silence. “Why do you care about my safety?” he asked, disdain flavoring his words but not overpowering them as it had before.
Sherlock’s eyes glanced away; it was the first time he hadn’t looked haughty since John had seen him awake. After a long moment, he lifted a hand and gripped the inside of his elbow, as if it had suddenly pained him.
John could feel secondary terror prickling across his skin, and he forced himself to breathe. “What is your plan?” he forced out. “After Mary kicks you out of the infirmary?”
John faintly noted Mary squeezing past him and the doorway to place herself between John and the stranger. Her righteous anger passed by him as he forced himself to breathe. It was as though the stranger had cut him open with surgical precision, removing each organ in turn and placing them on a table to anyone to see. If John erased the vitrol the man had delivered his speech with, then everything the man said had been utterly, terribly, horribly
I hope John's sentiments aren't construed to mean I (the author) am anti-science or anti-medicine. In this universe, John grew sick when new medical technologies were being used and he ended up being harmed by their newness. (I always imagine that when penicillin first went into medical use, it did some harm while doing resounding good.)
“You’re right, I’m not. If war taught me one thing, it’s that…” John sobered and looked the stranger squarely in the eye. “It’s that the gods don’t determine the good acts in this world: we do.”
As Sherlock’s hand clamped down on John’s shoulder, John realized two things. One, the man’s hands didn’t suffer from the weakness his body had incurred: his grip was downright painful. Two, the man’s hands were enormous, with the longest fingers John had ever seen.
Sherlock and John swallow involuntarily at the same time, which makes John want to laugh. Sherlock smiles the most charming smile John has ever seen. “Of course,” he answers smoothly. John waits until they’re out of the room to laugh, and after a moment, Sherlock laughs too, a faraway thunder that rolls right through John.
Even this close to the man, John couldn’t catch a whiff of Alpha, so he asked Mary about it after the stranger is carefully placed on the cot and covered with a blanket.
John looked from Mary to the stranger, who shrugged without a hint of regret. “It’s not like you’re in the middle of a shortage,” he said primly, and John felt a laugh bubble up from under his gloom.
John turned to Mary, who was now facing him. “Do not rebuke him for speaking the truth, even in anger,” he said quietly, and she blinked at him. After a moment, she nodded minutely.
With this pronouncement, John understood two things. One, that this stranger was a Northerner. John reached forward and scratched away at the mud on the man’s shoulder to find apple-red, horrifically peeling skin (a sunburn, instead of the dark burnish of a native), confirming his understanding. Only those barbarians in the North carry out such practices as binding alphas for slavery: the gods of the plains and the coasts would never allow it. Two, this man was someone’s property, and the owner would come calling eventually.
He swallowed and forcibly dismissed the realization. He looked up at the man and put a pleasant smile on his face. “Ready?” he asked.
He cleared his throat and silence cut through the crowd like a chill. “I’m going to need everyone to leave,” he ordered calmly. “I will update you when there is news.” He moved out of the way and after a few minutes, the room was blissfully empty.
“Modern Medicine is what made me ill after my injury,” he said bluntly. “Mary says that the new doctors have learned to respect the new technology when they use it. Too late for me: the damage is done. Mary’s way of healing hasn’t harmed me yet.”
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, then forcefully exhaled and reopened them. “I happened across a new client who quickly became obsessed with me. He was halfway through negotiating with my contract holder for exclusivity when I came to understand how dangerous he was. I compiled enough evidence to conclude he was possibly the greatest criminal mind in the north: his web extended into even the southern countries, and across the seas, manned by countless agents and innocents.” Sherlock’s face was utterly impassive now. “Thankfully, I wasn’t foolish enough to confront him but my contact with law enforcement didn’t go as planned. I barely escaped with my life.”
John heard a single person resume breathing, and breathed a sigh of relief himself. No intruders, just a startled stranger in hiding. He began searching the shadows with his eyes, still moving carefully through the room. Finally, he found the stranger curled into the space between the medicine cabinet and the far wall. The stranger’s eyes were wide open, jet black in the low light and glinting with the pattern of the flame.
John wasn’t halfway through the door before the stranger sighed in an exaggerated manner, rolling his eyes to the ceiling. John decided to err on the side of pleasant authority.
Sherlock blinked, coming back to the present, and shrugged. “I was young and had no concept of the decision I was making. I could have begged my family for the money, but I was far too proud. I imagined myself a quick-burning fuse, burning brightly but quickly into oblivion. I didn’t realize the surgery had been done until a fortnight after it occurred, because my owner allowed me to keep using drugs up to that point.”
The sheriff was watching him out of the corner of his eye. “You get another offer to sell?” he asked quietly, and John sighed.
She frowned at him and punched him lightly in the arm. “Don’t tempt me, sir,” she answered, and John laughed.
Standford, bewildered but accustomed to following John’s orders, sheathed his sword. “As you say, m’lord.”
John felt sick. Most farmers on his land had enough family and neighbors to keep patrols after the first acts of vandalism were discovered. Bart lived on an isolated farm, the nearest soul a mile through dense and dangerous forest. He wasn’t a frail old man: just three months ago he’d won the strongman contest at the spring festival. John didn’t have the guards to post at every farm, and even if he did, he’d probably be sending them to their gruesome deaths.
“I was a rich, young fool,” he said bluntly. “I was endlessly bored and escaped that as frequently as I could. There are chemicals sold, if you know the right people, that allow one to escape, utterly and completely.” His eyes were glazed, dark and far away by now, his voice almost blithe. “Such things are frowned upon, and I lost my family and my money simultaneously. But the hunger endures, regardless of funds, and I was swept into a flood of debt quite quickly. My collectors gave me a choice: the money, my body, or my life.”
“He’s had the surgery to be unable to knot, but that alone doesn’t explain it,” she quietly began to explain, and John winced. He might not be an alpha but he could commiserate the loss of one’s ability to mate and bond. “There are a lot of alchemists in the northland: I imagine he was medicated at regular intervals and his scent replaced to please the client.” She rolled her eyes at John’s questioning look. “My Order is campaigning to make the practice illegal. If the chemicals aren’t dosed properly, the patient can suffer terribly.”
The man in question was sitting in the infirmary’s comfiest chair, legs folded up close to his body, bowl balanced on his knees, sitting perfectly still. Walking closer, John realized he was birdwatching through the window: Mary must have scattered some crumbs on the ground outside.
His restlessness intensifies as soon as he walks through the doorway. Sanford is nowhere to be seen but Mary sat at her desk, looking up from her breakfast at his entry. "I sent Sandford out on a break," she reported, then raised an eyebrow at the bowl in his hand.
Sherlock lights up at that, and John can’t help but laugh. “Let me eat, first,” he half-begs, causing Sherlock to roll his eyes and scoff. “If you
True to promise, Sherlock wobbled into the library, leaning on Standford’s arm, slightly after midday. He looked grumpy, and John was reminded of his own time re-learning how to walk. He stifled a laugh: there was something endearing about the combination of Sherlock’s petulant frown and the unruly mess of hair curling over his eyes.
“Thanks for talking to him,” she said quietly as John served himself some oatmeal. He paused and looked at her.
John limped into the infirmary. The six guards had managed to attract onlookers like old fruit attracts flies, all whispering and muttering and generally crowding the small room. The door to the bathing room was closed: John inferred that the stranger was inside, being bathed by the Healer.
"With you being so quiet, I think you and my beekeeper will get along just fine," John says, deliberately blithe, as they cross the second threshold into the summer heat. Sherlock doesn't reply and John can't help it anymore - he laughs and laughs and laughs.
A shorter chapter to get the ball rolling again. Obviously un-beta'd. Sorry for the delay! I honestly didn't realize it has been a couple of *years* since I posted this. Life has been crazy.
The Healder scrutinized him for a long moment. “None of his bones are broken, so he should be walking in the next fortnight.”
John laughed at that and struggled to his feet with Sherlock’s help. Together, they limped out of the library.
John is woken up the next morning by a restlessness he can’t quite describe. He wanders through his rooms, not quite knowing how to dress for the day. He finally chooses something comfortable and heads over to the kitchen. The cooking fire is making the kitchen more sweltering than he predicted, and he can smell every single jar of spice on the shelves. He fills his bowl, thanks the cook, and decides the infirmary should be cool and quiet enough for his needs today.
He began to leave, but stopped at the door. He turned, then bowed respectfully to John’s grandmother. “All hail the queen,” he proclaimed quietly. “Gods keep you, m’lady.”
He waved the all-clear to Standford, and somehow made it to his rooms without falling. He sank into bed, sleep overtaking him with uncommon swiftness. He dreampt of stars made of distant, flickering candles, and cicadias whispering secrets in the night.
I also had one from someone only going by M and the grammar and sentence structure was so bad I had to read through it 5 times before I even caught half a clue of what they were trying to say to me, but even though they made it pretty clear they won't be continuing with this story, and they are probably just a troll (Their wanton butchering of the English language certainly suggests so) I felt the need to reply anyway.
Curiosity piqued, Sherlock merely nodded politely, but asking him to ignore anything was tantamount to telling someone to try to ignore the sun shining directly in their face. The lights were dimmed, and John emerged from the back and went into the side office in a familiar white coat, a stethoscope around his neck.
"We use a one tenth diluted solution in our tranquilizer darts, useful to put a threat down for three or four hours if you need to transport him."
okay with that. I can't trust myself with you, and if I took that risk and you wound up hurt again, hurt because of me, it would destroy me Sherlock, that much I can promise you.
"Oh tedious. Really, it wasn't like I actually killed anyone, the pig was already dead, I don't see what all the fuss is about."
He adored kissing John, as he had found out that first night, when they had both been so close to dying at the hand of Moriarty. Sherlock had realized that John really was his heart, his conscience, and the man who was not only willing to kill for him, but would also willingly die by his side, and Sherlock just had to figure out WHY.
Warning now that the character of Mrs. Holmes was written LOOOONG before we saw her on the show, like I think I was first writing this while we waited for season 2, and then I kept writing in it during that giant hiatus before season 3, So Sherlock's parents were NOT remotely based on the show when I wrote them.
The man dug into his pocket and set down a small box and a slip of paper and Sherlock handed him a stack of five pound notes and a letter.
John immediately stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on the agents head. "Relax soldier, you're safe now, we've got you back and you are wounded but you are going to live. Just blink once for yes and twice for no. Can you understand what I'm saying soldier?”
" 'Twenty-five dead of either mass murder or mass suicide, need your help', and I stopped listening to his desperate rambling after that. The murderer certainly isn't withdrawn in the least and it's nowhere near their first kill. Possibly a serial killer, more likely a psychopath if there is no obvious connection between the victims. Unless they are the type of psycho who goes into a crowded place shooting, no one gets that high of a kill number on their first go unless their preferred method is in causing major accidents, and that is not the case here. Killers of this level have to develop a real taste for killing, work out all the kinks, before planning and pulling off something of this magnitude. He also would only do something this attention grabbing if his earlier kills had gone completely unnoticed and were logged as natural deaths, so a murder weapon that can pass for natural causes either just on the surface or completely, and I can think of thirty-six ways that could happen right off the top of my head. He would also have at least two armed accomplices because one man overpowering, abducting, and transporting twenty-five people on his own? That would be risky, highly risky, even if he drugged them, and especially if he kept them somewhere busy enough for the bodies to be found so quickly. No obvious signs, unless Lestrade's people are even more moronic than even I gave them credit for, means they weren't restrained. No ligature marks on the wrists, no tape on the mouths or signs of being gagged. Twenty-five people held against their will without being tied down in an at least semi-public place against one man holding one gun? No, especially not when he went to get more victims because you can't transport that many people at once without drawing some sort of attention. He wouldn't be able to control them. So there had to be controllers."
There is a bit of a time jump between chapter 5 and 6. The stories are written to slip neatly into canon. This chapter happens after Season 4.
“I was going to say ‘absolutely in need of a sod,’ but that may not be entirely correct choice of words.”
“You have been exhibiting classic paroxysm of fever like those with malaria. Strange because you live in London, yet there has been seven deaths this year. You could fill in the lacuna of my memory, but probably not. Instead, I’ll tell you of my latest case in a Flisk parish.”
“I’m done,” I said in a surprisingly even voice. I found tweezers in my bag and was ready to tend to his hand.
He was about to leave the shop, confident that he had accomplished his mission of annoying his brother when he saw it. At the end of the row, separate from the others, the black and chrome called him; pulled him towards it.
“Yes, of course. You pull them, wash them, trim them, and eat them.” Deciding to help push the process along a little faster, Watson leaned over to choose another identical radish from the unarranged bowl and held it out to Holmes.
“I need data. The opening to the spirit world only appears here at this time. I intend to go there.”
Holmes tapped his chin in over-exaggerated consideration. “Undecided. If I brought it inside, it might signal a drastic and sad change in our relationship. You would worry, and we can’t have that. But, if I continue my habit of leaving it in random places, you will know that nothing has changed.”
Fingers slightly numb with cold and uncoordinated with lust fumbled with his cravat and collar. Again, I silently thanked his tailor as I removed the jacket and placed it on the chair. My jacket and waistcoat followed and so did his waistcoat. His shirt and vest were removed before I kissed the exposed shoulder and claimed it with a quick nip.
“You’re not planning on showing any mercy, hmm?” he said. I stared down at his body, and he looked back at me unashamed. I let my eyes roam over his body. The light from the fireplace cast a warm glow over him, and a faint shadow fell on his belly from his cockstand. He was still as pale as ever but marked with more scars from his time away.
Before Holmes could reply she continued, “I was just reminding to Dr Watson about our little plant and bake good sale. Dr Watson, would you agree that in the interest of our veterans that Mr Holmes should donate a few jars of his honey?”
"Look at that, you can be reasonable. You can still buy the bike, but we have to install a restriction kit because you are not 21. We'll do that free of charge since you purchased the bike here." The man scribbled something on the sales agreement.
“I moved them to your plate when you weren’t looking.” He lifted his fork with the skewered pea and picked up another morsel. Before taking another bite, Holmes said, “Go back to the original plans and radish varieties. That is fine enough for my purposes.”
He hadn’t decided on an exact route, but he generally wanted to go south. Eventually he’d run out of land and be at one of the coasts. Maps would come later. Finding petrol would come later. He just needed to leave.
“I’m sure that’s typically not done with radishes. If so, the meaning could be jealousy or rejected love or hatred.”
I hummed in response and slowly removed my cuffs and collar. Holmes swallowed, and his eyes followed my movements as I unbuttoned my shirt and untucked the tails. The shirt joined our other discarded garments.
. That was Sherlock in his parent's shed perfectly silhouetted with dust motes floating about. His head was bowed slightly, and he was holding large canvas cover which puddled around his legs. While the sight was angelic, it was the delicate hand hovering above the chrome handle bars of an insanely sexy cruiser. John's brain stuttered to a halt.
My lover was not someone to let a statement like that slide. He began his attack. “Do you recall the last time I gave you that particular signal?” His voice was lower, and a sensation went straight to my groin. Of course, I knew, he knew that I knew, and that I could recount what we did with in detail.
“Holmes, that is, she is... concerned over the level of detail in your instructions. Is it necessary to cut each piece to exactly the same length? To time within the second for how long something is in the oven? To accurately weigh each ingredient?”
“Yes, thank you.” Watson took the letters out of his pocket and began sorting them. “Most of these are bills. Oh, you have a letter from your bee friend.” He set the letters aside and walked over to Holmes who passed a loaf of bread to him before Holmes continued searching the cabinets for what would probably be plates. “I saw that rabbit.”
Holmes threw up his hands. “It’s outside the case, and I have outlined the facts in a clear fashion.”
“No, two. You brought out a glass when you were visiting me earlier this week. You left it because I had given you jars of honeycomb to bring inside.”
I did as instructed and waited for my next task. Holmes walked up to me. He stood close enough where I could touch him if I reached out my hand. While keeping his eyes on me he lifted his good hand. It was, as expected, covered by a glove. He slowly raised his tugged hand and tried tugging at the pointer finger of the glove but stopped.
We exchanged looks of ‘need you,’ ‘now,’ and ‘bed,’ but we were both far too clothed. Holmes pushed me back and led me towards his bedroom. I slightly delayed his efforts with needy kisses, vaguely recalling the tinkling of glass when we bumped the wooden table that his chemistry experiments occupied. The gropes of his arse were necessary as it was still covered in those fine trousers.
“You have,” said Watson slowly while he flipped idly through the document deciding whether to comment further or not. Holmes was proud of his work and Watson could hear it in his voice. Watson wanted to support this work and ensure it was published, yet would he take kindly to Watson directly challenging him on that statement? If offended, Holmes might take an oath of silence and destroy the unbelievable document in his hands. Perhaps a less direct approach was needed to get a better understanding of this work and suggest the likely changes. “This is what you have been working on since the jellyfish encounter?”
They kissed and slowly undressed before entering the slower. This openness scared him, but John wanted this and the intimacy with Sherlock. John maneuvered him under the spray and poured Sherlock’s posh shower gel on a flannel. He tried to show his love with each movement of the flannel over Sherlock’s arms and shoulders. His hand stilled over the scar on Sherlock’s chest. John looked up to his face and felt shame at the pain he caused.
Prompt: A Most Unusual Patient: Watson receives an unusual patient whose presence inspires today’s work.
Which was to say he completely disappeared into a single-minded pursuit of learning his bike and all things motorcycle.
Watson thought the precise arrangement of each radish variety on the plate was rather pretty. Pure white cylindrical radishes were arranged in neat rows and were a striking contrast to an arranged cluster of black globes. The smooth red orbs were organized by descending size above tapered cylinders with bright pink tops and white bottoms. The small turnip shaped were aligned next to one of the longest varieties they had planted. The other varieties with their different hues of reds and whites filled in the rest of the space. In his opinion, it was one of the prettier displays of channelled procrastination to avoid the task at hand.
“You can get a replacement part for that,” said the rider, in a reassuring voice. It grated Sherlocks nerves.
Next was to try recipes that incorporated radishes. Holmes had added special instructions to the recipes before giving them to their housekeeper. He left the house intending to spend his time by the beach. Watson had paid little attention to the exchange and the recipes, choosing to focus on editing his manuscript. Pots clanging in the kitchen were not an uncommon noise, but it was growing in intensity. The sputtering and disgruntled sounds grew louder the longer he ignored it. For the sake of his sanity, he went to talk to the housekeeper and was confident he could resolve the problem quickly.
He hid it from Mycroft, knowing he wouldn’t approve. Besides, he was in complete control and knew exactly what he was doing.
Steam shot from the kettle. Taking care as to not trigger the room to spin again, Watson slowly took it off and added the boiling water to the teapot.
John’s other hand roamed down Sherlock’s side, caressing the sensitive area drawing out a shiver from Sherlock. He tugged at the shirt to release the tails from the trousers seeking the skin below. Sherlock moaned appreciatively as John found skin and roamed up his back. John lost himself in sensations of the warmth of his partners body and the heady smells of Sherlock combined with the dusty odours of the shed.
“— and subduing the garden hose, it would be discourteous of me not see this through to the conclusion.” Pleased with his decision, Holmes removed his finger and hooked his thumb in a pocket of his waistcoat.
The sales associate straightened the stack of papers Sherlock signed and placed them on his desk. He smoothed them out before asking, "How old are you?"
“It would have, but then we would have been deprived of this invigorating walk on a rather pleasant day. I much prefer this type of exercise to the running around thinking our house was burning down type.
I had closed the gap to the bed and bent over him. “—I believe you did the pouncing, that is, you tackled me to the floor and took me there on the bear skin rug.”
Sherlock could not decide if his injuries or what he did to his bike made him feel worse. He silently apologized to it and him not seeing the sand on the pavement.
I laid kisses on Holmes’ hip and up his chest, and as I stood my hands brushed a few hairs, some starting to turn grey, on his chest. I stood just far enough away to withhold the pressure and friction he desired.
The first touch of the Channel waters to his toes caused Stackhurst to recoil from shock. It was cold, but what did he expect from his first swim of the year? He needed this distraction even if he was likely to catch his death from this swim. As usual for this time of year, there was the normal mountains of paperwork and grading student’s papers. After being inside for hours, he began wondering why he assigned essays in the first place when it was only creating more work for himself.
“Well, better safe than sorry,” said Watson to the gate. He stepped forward to pat the gate and paused with his hand extended. He spied a hand trowel laying near a row of immature radishes covered in the morning dew. That was rather forgetful of him, but he reasoned that he was distracted yesterday and maybe that was what bothering him enough to pull him away from his breakfast. He unlocked the gate and retrieved the hand trowel. In the process, he dislodged the droplets thus getting his hands wet. He frowned at the moisture and wiped it off on the leg of his trousers as they were already wet.
Holmes sat across from Watson, leaned forward with his arms resting on the table. Watson re-straightened the already straightened stack of papers on which Holmes had written his manuscript and Watson had provided edits just that afternoon. Watson swallowed before beginning, already feeling tense. “Well, it sounds like you with the short prose and precise terms, which is good. It shouldn’t sound like me, since you wrote it, but…”
I offered Holmes the book and he opened it to the offending passage before handing it back to me to read aloud. “This greater weight among prostitutes is confirmed by the notorious fact of the obesity of those who grow old in their vile trade, and who gradually become positive monsters of adipose tissue.”
The bike would be delivered to his parent's house in a week after it was fully tuned and the kit installed. While he waited, he poured over every book he deemed usable on the subject of maintenance and riding motorcycles. He was a genius, after all, this was surely a simple enough topic he could reason his way through.
He should have swum yesterday, especially after attending Mrs Lloyd’s house with Dr Watson. It would have done him good to clear his head instead of having thoughts swirl until the small hours of the night. Stackhurst had been excited about the invitation, and to spend time with Mrs Lloyd, even if it was with the object of her pursuits. Well, the former object of her pursuits.
“You do realize that we are retired and can slow the pace a bit?” said Watson taking one of the sets from Holmes.
“Now to business. As of now your holiday is officially over. You will return and dress appropriately. You will start the internship in London that your new employers were gracious enough to hold for you.”
Watson picked up the wrapped box and noted that it was damp despite the carrier’s best intention of keeping it dry. “What is the meaning of this, Holmes?”
A familiar voice cut through his confusion and fog. “I’m sorry, my boy, I did not mean to disturb you. I only shut the window as I was getting cold.”
“For some of us, riding a motorcycle makes heroin addiction look like strolling to the dessert table at a Sunday brunch.”
With trembling hands, I gently pulled the black leather at each of his fingertips and the tingling began again in my fingertips. I was becoming addicted to the feeling and wanted more.
Watson ran his hands down his face trying to rub away the prickling guilt about his treatment of Holmes before he left. He filed it away to thank Holmes for breakfast and make it up to him somehow. He crossed his arms and drummed his fingers against his elbow. Next were the mysteries of the Three, no, Two Glasses and Holmes’ behaviour yesterday.
The sound of the man’s hand against the table exploded in the calm of the restaurant. The other patrons cast disapproving glances their way and outburst caught the attention of the maître d’.
“We will not have a housekeeper when we return home,” said Watson. He stepped around a pothole in the road and took his place back at Holmes’ side. “She is not nearly as fond of you as Mrs Hudson.”
“If you are referring to mixing two chemicals together for a reaction, then yes, I did.” Holmes looked to his side before realizing that Watson no longer there, but behind him, motionless. He sighed. “The reaction, which was completely harmless, went faster than anticipated and it was something I was planning on doing anyway. I had a few moments before we left and I thought I would try it.”
Holmes laughed which startled a crow. The crow perched on the top of a stone fence and cawed reprimands at them until they passed. At least someone else was giving them an earful.
He said yes and went to his room. His favorite car was on his bed and he sat down to play with it when he heard her approach. ”Mummy, can you read me a story?”
“I was lost in thought over the letter and wanted time to process it.” Holmes hand wandered to Watson’s side and began gathering material there. “Enough, please, we have other matters to attend to.” Goosebumps formed on Watson’s leg as it was exposed to the cool night air.
Holmes ran his finger over the leaves. “The culinary interests of others are unique. Why don’t we offer the spiky leaves to someone who can enjoy them properly? The rabbits, perhaps?”
Following the dirt path, she climbed up the hill and saw the top of the cottage.  Smoke was rising from the cottage, which would have been normal for a cool day like today. She quickened her pace and suddenly stopped. The smoke wasn’t only coming from the chimneys.
“I will plant another in the fall.” Watson pulled out a pencil and paper, which he had gotten in the habit of carrying around and never stopped. “Why don’t we sketch out a plan together?”
Watson inhaled sharply. “Holmes!” The pebbles were giving way under his bare feet as he tried to move resisting his need to get to Holmes quickly.
At Watson’s pleading, Holmes turned his gaze to his companion. He took his time looking over Watson’s face before he got up and left. “I will speak to her,” was tossed over Holmes’ shoulder and Watson took a fortifying breath before standing up and following.
I glared at him over my yesterday’s newsprint fan. Warm was an understatement. It was shaping up to be the hottest day of the hottest week of the year. I was convinced his excited movements were adding to the oppressive heat in our rooms. I am not unaccustomed to warm temperatures, but today was testing my limits. I slept poorly due to constantly overheating in my stuffy room. When exhaustion had finally overcome me, Basil had scratched on his violin.
I heard a knock on my door and roused myself to answer it. Holmes was there. Fate had made my decision for me.
On delivery day, Sherlock leaned against the shed towing the gravel in the driveway and smoking. The bike was to be delivered sometime during a four-hour window today. They were already an hour and a half late. Sherlock scowled at his watch as if it was the watches' fault for the late delivery. The watch continued its cheery ticking. Sherlock considered tossing it across the lawn.
John scrolled through the search results on his phone while drinking his morning tea.  This one will have to do, he thought.
To someone who did not know Holmes well, he would have appeared perfectly personable and charming. But, Watson knew Holmes was still upset and hiding it with the expected politeness of an English gentleman. During their lively conversations, they ate their fill of the meal and drank the bottle Watson had opened. That bottle was soon finished and another was opened.
Hey all, so my brain went through a spaz and I was having problems with this fic. Thankfully, the amazing Small_Hobbit came with encouragements, mighty beta-ing abilities, and thus helped me out of the funk. Things are moving along and Small_Hobbit has graciously offered to beta the rest of the work (thank you!!!!).
I conceded and placed the items next to my medical bag and stepped aside to give him room. I could not read his face when he thanked me, took the supplies, and retired to his bedroom.
Holmes re-opened the package and took out one radish. He turned the vegetable in his fingers, inspecting it at every angle before putting it in his mouth. He chewed, stopped, and chewed again. Watson half expected the offending root to be spat upon the ground, instead he sat in shock as the root was swallowed. “I like this one.”
“That is no matter as I can leave the message with you. Tell Mr Holmes to discontinue his investigation.”
working on a manuscript, just as he has suspected. “I’d be glad to read one of your manuscripts on your honey research. I may not understand it, but I would like to read what you have been doing.”
“Sherlock Holmes, are you listening?” Mycroft tapped his hand on the handle bar impatiently. “Leave the bike. It will be returned safely home, and the keys will be placed in a safer location.”
“If not, the rabbit will likely enjoy the radish experiment far more than me,” said Holmes, setting two plates on the table.
They stayed there for some time, both lost in their own thoughts as they huddled close sharing warmth. Watson would not press and waited for Holmes to speak if he wished. The companionable silence stretched between them, and Watson was glad for the familiarity of it and that Holmes allowed himself to be warmed by his embrace.
What an idiot he had been. He was no longer a young man and consuming that much drink, even in the company of friends, was an ill-conceived notion.
They fumbled together, working the trousers and pants down. John guided Sherlock to sit sideways on the bike before John sank onto his knees. His fingertips ghosted up the inside of Sherlock’s legs to his straining erection.
Sherlock highly doubted that. “What does it matter what preference I have? It doesn’t make the event appear more or less frequently.”
With each rebuttal, Watson felt the tension in his gut tighten and a worming thought kept eating away at his ability to concentrate. This was not how he hoped their discussion would go. He knew from past experiences that pressing Holmes would accomplish nothing - Holmes did whatever he did on his own terms. Watson would give the space and the time he needed, and would discuss this with him later.
The glasses were turquoise blue with a gold inlay of a flower. The tops were rounded and smooth, while the middle was squared off with sharp corners. The bottom edge was equally confusing and was ruffled out away from the natural taper of the glass and sported a star burst cut on the bottom. It was as if the designer decided to use all the techniques they knew in one glass and squeezed in one more with the gold inlay. They were gaudy and heavy and not his style. Both Holmes and Watson preferred a simpler design. Perhaps Holmes preferred them for use outside because they were so garish?
Where ever he looked at the wardrobe, he felt like he should be expecting something. Anything. A vapor of a memory swirled around in his mind and he was unable to catch it. He had felt this feeling before, but that was during his childhood. He kept reaching through his garments and touching the back of the wardrobe expecting to feel something or, perhaps, someone. Yet, it was always the smooth back of the wardrobe.
“Unlikely, Watson, she will stay. While she is discreet, she will likely explain to her sister why her shawl and hat are dirty. It gives her another morsel for the rumour mill to devour and add to the collection of oddities of a particular resident. As you have shown with your tales, the public is rather interested in the happenings of a now retired detective.”
From his side, Watson propped his head on his hand. He listened to the sounds of Holmes breathing next to him and felt the warm puff of air against his skin. The rhythmic in and out was of a steady cadence of a Holmes at rest and not a Holmes who was asleep. “I am trying to work out when was the last time you ate a radish.”
I saved the location between his thumb and forefinger for last. Turning his palm upwards, I opened my mouth over the spot. On the corresponding spot on my body where he started this exquisite torture, I ran my tongue across it.
Watson settling in to start reviewing patient paperwork when a loud “Wach wach” from the window startled him. He saw a huge green frog crawling up the outside of the window. The last thing he needed was some frog croaking away fraying the nerves of him and his sick patients. He reached through the window to dislodge the frog, but it attached to his arm and held fast.
He pressed start. The engine turned and growled to life. That growl and accompanying rumble took a hold of his gut and embedded itself in the marrow of his bones. His mind went blissfully blank as the sound invaded all corners of his mind.
“Holmes, I see the cottage. Almost there,” said Watson between heavy breaths. Holmes gave a weak nod.
Holmes sighed and slipped the radish back into the package and handed it back to Watson. Watson did not accept the package. “And you accuse me of being dramatic. I said that I did not want to eat a radish until the experiment ended.”
He sighed and placed his hands on the thin bathing suit covering his stomach. He would need swim more if he had the opportunity for a steady diet of those scones.
Ignoring this, Watson continued his musings. “Last year was minimally successful, but the year before that was an abysmal failure. What about the years prior? It must have been a while ago. When was the last time you tried a radish?”
The predawn light was rising. Sherlock noted the coolness of small valleys he rode through. Smells of fresh cut grass and forests you never experienced in the cut off environment of the car. He concentrated on those subtilties of the world around him and the humming sound of the engine. The machine purred beneath him as he racked up mile after mile. It was exactly what he needed.
He helped Holmes sit up and guide him up the stairs and into the bedroom. Holmes slowly changed himself and settled into their bed and closed his eyes. He sat on the edge of the bed and took Holmes’ hand in his own. “Try to rest if you can. In a little bit, you’ll have one of your wishes fulfilled.”
“Good.” The rider padded down his leather jacket and pulled out a stubby pencil and crinkled small notebook. He scribbled something down before handling it to Sherlock.
"I will prepare the bed for you and beyond that you are free to carry out my plans. You have decided to grow to radishes and grow those radishes you shall."
Against my better judgement, for I sought to calm myself, not enflame my condition, I remembered what brought me to this state — a simple touch. Holmes and I had begun to explore the more carnal nature of our relationship after he returned to me. Months later, he made a habit of touching my hand with his and run his pointer finger against the sensitive flesh between my index finger and thumb before engaging in more active appreciation of my body. This simple light touch signalled the promise of something more and each time the promise was kept. I knew what Holmes wanted from his expression, and his signal confirmed it. Yet, this seemingly innocent touch was never performed outside the safe haven of our rooms in Baker Street.
“Evening Stackhurst, I see you have not taken your usual route,” said Holmes opening the door for their guest.
John took a deep breath as he walked into the bathroom. He… They had... He shook his head and turned the shower taps on. The Baker Street pipes gave their familiar squeak. He restarted his brain and ran through last night’s events. Yes, he admitted his feelings to Sherlock. Yes, they had sex and slept together. Yes, he had just invited Sherlock to shower with him.
Mummy’s voice greeted him even before he stepped through the door. “Smelly things, motorbikes. I will never understand the appeal. At least you are wearing gear. Oh, but that smell. You’re not improved by spending the day on that bike, but I suppose I should be grateful that you were outside and not getting into too much trouble.”
Sherlock had everything packed the day before: minimal clothing items, money, other essentials. Even the small brick of a phone Mycroft gave him was tucked into his pack. He immediately found the pocket it was tucked into and unpacked it - there would be no need to keep in contact.
Holmes had found the unfortunate client’s wife. The altercation between the wife’s unwanted soul bound and soon-to-be soul bound had ended with a broken bottle and Holmes being at the wrong end of it. Holmes had refused to let me examine him at the scene or in the hansom ride home despite my objections. When we got to our chambers, I would insist.
Sherlock stared at him. The man stared back and let the silence sit between them like a heavy weight.
She tidied something in his room before leaving and the door quietly latched behind her. He refused to sleep and let his brain analyse his route and how he rode the bike that day. He did not realize when sleep took him.
Watson yawned again. “I’m heading to bed. Try to get some sleep tonight; we have a busy day in town tomorrow.”
John groaned in response. “You have no idea what you do to me. This bike. You.” Any reply Sherlock might have was cut off by John surging forward pressing his lips back onto Sherlock’s. Those lips parted for him and he captured the lower one between his lips and gave it a gentle tug. Their lips open further, and John pressed in deep. They struggle to take control of the kiss in a way that excited them both.
Holmes had stood and was beginning to walk up the path. “As you need time to recover from your shock, I will check on my bees.” He popped another radish in his mouth.
Holmes turned to lock the door. The click sounded as loud as gunfire and I, with the burst of energy at the beginning of a race, made my move.
“You have been concerned over her from the beginning and have been taking it out on the glasses? Holmes, why would you ever be concerned over her?” Watson took a step back.
“Ah, I see. Would you permit me to perform a simple experiment? It shouldn’t take up much of your time.”
“I wish you to read the story first to weigh its literary merit before I bias you towards the original mystery.”
“True, but I could convey my intent with a glance.” He looked at me, one eyebrow raised, and I demonstrated my claim.
Next morning John felt well enough to attempt a crossword puzzle. He chewed on his pen when Sherlock walked into his room. He looked down at John’s answers and smirked.
Watson returned to find that Holmes had placed the knife and cutting board by his seat and was waiting by arranging radishes. Watson squeezed Holmes shoulder and tied the silky black cloth around Holmes’ eyes. He took care not to catch any of the remaining grey hair as he gently fastened a knot at the back of Holmes’ head. Satisfied, Watson turned his attention to the knife and started on slicing the radishes.
He ignored his brother knowing it would irk him and mounted the bike and put the key in the ignition. The calm he felt completely evaporated. Tension began to creep up his spine. His fingers turned white as he gripped the handlebars. It would only take a simple twist of the wrist and he could fly away with a roar. Do it. It would be easy.
Holmes flipped through the pages to the plot he designed for the garden this year. Picking up a pencil, he sketched a small square and added multiple parallel lines within. He numbered each line and drew a number on a seed packed. Watson sat in silence as he worked.
Sherlock had done what his brother wanted, well partially. He did go back to London; but not to the internship or anything else his nosey brother would set up for him to control his life. The flat he found was barely fit for habitation and damp because it was basement level, but it was his. He spent his time experimenting and further solidifying the flat’s status as barely uninhabitable. Of course Mycroft found him and visited. He fretted and Sherlock dutifully ignored him.
