It doesn’t smell anything like the blonde mare, who was rotting flesh incarnate. Something wrong, wrong, wrong.
He decides to do none of these things and sulk instead, throwing himself into the sofa and scowling.
Anderson scowls. His eyes are dark, and his mouth is a downwards curve beneath the brown beard. “I’d watch myself, if I were you.”
“Yes, then. Mr Haverford was a distraction from all of that nasty business. I quite like those,” Moriarty elaborates. His hands come up beneath his chin in a mock expression of Sherlock’s thinking pose. It is like he is praying.
On his giant water horse, Hydria, Hope wishes he made an imposing figure. He doesn't. Hydria is a smooth grey beneath him, with flanks tinted with darker browns and flecked with white, not unlike all the whitecaps that beat the rocks below the steep drop of the cliffs. Hope looks like hot iron, with deep bags beneath his eyes. Just over his cheek is a spot of purple, painted on by John's fist at the festival (this is thought with an inappropriate amount of thrill). Even from here, Sherlock can see yellow skin healing the edges. There is a man with a lean, hard frame, and squinting blue eyes riding up alongside him on a chestnut water horse, with half of its mane rubbed off and the tail mangled and knotted. Over both of the water horses, there are draping red and white tassels, and flowers razing what little hair they have.
” Sherlock looks over Lestrade’s face, but nothing in it says he’s joking. Angry, Sherlock flattens out his mouth. “Fine. Then, gather around, look at her, I know you’re all unbelievably slow, but she’s pale.”
“Ah. What year is it for you? It jumps around, down here, for me. How long have I been in my case? I can never tell, anymore. Last I remember, it was 1938 by your standards.”
Watson laughs, “I’m sorry if I dragged you to the Yard. I really didn’t mean to. I… I just know that you’re going to have your fair share of trouble by the time of the Races.”
“What’re you saying, exactly?” Lestrade asks, voice gruff from drink. John is watching his face and listening intently, ever the loyal, invested companion.
“Hope,” he says, hands over the man’s face, “tell me. What we spoke of before, on the cliffs. You must tell me.”
For another tell, they come in like the water horses - in October. The closer time crawls to November, the more tourists arrive, seeking to spectate and, some, even, to race. For another, they are irregulars, and everyone who belongs there knows of everyone else on Thisby.
Sherlock makes large and theatrical gestures for John’s enjoyment as he explains while they walk back around Saint Columba’s to find Gladstone. Gladstone's head is already lengthened, neck extended as he watches them approach. John clucks softly to him, and Gladstone’s tension eases.
would've torn you apart by now.” Sherlock pulls on one side of the reins, pulling Redbeard’s head that way. It puts his round cheek on display, his strong profile.
IN THIS CHAPTER, we have some nice times, and lots more buildup to the climax of the next two chapters, the last two. a small mystery with Mr Haverford will be resolved in a quick instant next chapter, and suspicions for moriarty continue to grow...
Watson’s eyebrows raise, his forehead crinkles, hairline deforming. Sherlock sees him grip the reins tighter, as if Gladstone will comprehend what’s happening and leap into action because of it. Gladstone is already quivering, never quite still.
“We were in the notary’s office, the mail room. Last room. If there was more evidence it would’ve been held in Lestrade's office, but no doors besides ours was opened, do you remember?” Sherlock puts a hand to his temple. No, no other doors besides the hallway was heard opening when they were hiding from the thief. “It’s possible whoever sent the runner did not know about the envelope.” It is also possible that the envelope wasn’t on Thisby anymore. Or was in a bin somewhere. He would have to go through the station’s bins if he couldn’t find it—
It’s not holding a helmet, but the length of the knight’s arms are covered in armor, Sherlock notices from the splotches of shiny grey, meant to convey the presence of metal.
John’s hand slips down Sherlock’s shoulder so that he is instead holding his upper arm, very close now, Sherlock’s other side presses to the wall. He’s absolutely trapped between John and the office wall.
The rest of the riders have disappeared, Gladstone is nothing more than a cloud above the surf, a black sky, and the crowds on the cliff sides have ceased to exist altogether. There is so much danger.
“He?” Lestrade says. The brown wool collar of his coat is blown hard against the side of his neck from the wind. “You know who it is?”
She adjusts the edge at Redbeard’s withers, murmuring to herself while Sherlock grapples with the clasp of his riding boots.
His collar flattens suddenly against his neck, and then something pulls on his hair. John’s hard metal boot hits his earlobe as the knight attempts to adjust to his new position on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock drives the Ford into Skarmouth the next morning, parking over the same spot of bumpy cobblestone he had when coming to the pub last night. His skin still prickles uneasily with all of the dreaded
“It’ll be a bit of a project,” John says, watching Sherlock run a finger through the dust on a windowsill. “But worth it in the end.”
But the man doesn’t go for the till. He steps right behind the counter, and crouches, just as John had. Sherlock can see him through the mail compartments, it’s a wonder they haven’t been spotted. Then again, it’s unlikely the man expected anyone to be in here at all. The officers of Thisby have a reputation of leaving and getting drunk. Lestrade’s time at the pub this evening hadn’t helped that image.
“Thought I would fall back on old habits. Wouldn't find a way to cash the money, or, in the event that I did, I would make a
There is no nightmarish water horse waiting for him, blood draining from cracked femur bones and flat teeth.
John releases him, partly satisfied, and Sherlock straightens his shoulders, blinking away the emotions that have crept into his vision. He turns towards the door, staring, unseeing, at the panel of ornately carved wood for a long moment. John watches him, he can tell from the corner of his eye.
The knight considers this. Finally, he tucks his blade into his belt. “I have never met a giant that was clever,” He calls, “They are half-wits. Can hardly speak."
This is maddening. Moriarty is perfectly aware no physical proof of his involvement exists. Sherlock would be a madman to bring just his word to Lestrade. Anderson would have a field day. It’s like he’s walking circles around Sherlock, in his own brain.
“You can't understand me, anyways,” Sherlock says, sitting on a firm bale of hay outside the two-stall stable. One of the walls is the outside wall of Mrs Hudson’s house. On the other side are two shoddily-built stalls, and a dangerous hay loft creaks above.
The warmth on his front, the eyeful of the back of John’s head, on the little hairs twitching in the wind and with his breath, makes Sherlock tuck himself closer. It’s efficient, he reasons, better than being put up against the cold.
Redbeard has his moods. He doesn't like standing in water, which is very wise on an island like Thisby, and he hates thunderstorms and fog. The storms, because they make his knees ache, despite his youth, and the fog, because there's always something to be concealed in it. An uncertain, new water horse, stepping onto land for the first time in a year.
All the while, he becomes more and more aware of the threat building up in his head. Each moment he remains in the water could be his last. The adrenaline has worn off and it’s hard to swim in all these clothes now, hard not see a shoulder or an ear in every small wave that beats against him. How very stupid did he have to be for—
John stares down at the broken bridle in one hand. He nods, short and decisive like he’s come to terms, pursing his lips. His brows furrow in thought when he tilts his chin up to face the ocean. “To get what I needed.”
tries to stare down Gladstone. It’s a horrendous mistake, because the mountainous black champion wrinkles back his rotting lips, flashing yellowed teeth. A low, guttural sound made in Gladstone’s throat splinters the fizzling air.
“Henry isn’t exceedingly clever, but he won’t wander down to the beaches in any season, racing or otherwise. He relies on Moriarty, and you, by extension, to bring in fresh crops of
Someone sits right next to Sherlock, and he whips around, just about to snap out about how many more empty seats there are left that are not near him, when he sees who it is.
Sherlock preoccupies himself with tugging at the sleeve of his long black coat, unused to being honest. It is not strictly his fault - who has he ever needed to be honest to? John is different, hanging off his words and waiting patiently, ready and willing to listen. More than that,
The water climbs his jeans through capillary action and wets his skin, raising gooseflesh. The dull sun beats down. There is no sister. No other boy but the dog. The water sends rings from his ankles across to the boy and the spaniel.
Redbeard obediently allows Sherlock to fix the bridle and bit into place over his head and in his mouth. Sherlock keeps waiting for something bad to happen to the stallion, because he's too fond of him.
She is stunning and absolutely giant reared back like this. The flare of that splayed foreleg would be close to Sherlock’s head were he twice as tall. For now it remains high above him, like the mare’s great long head, face veiled in chainmail.
Sherlock cannot hold down one of those creatures. He cannot. It’s not a matter of whether or not he’ll be trying hard enough, whether or not his mind has the capability or his body lacks it. Those things are predators, they call to each other beneath the water and sound like whale songs, gentle and soothing.
He sees through Sherlock’s mind, just for a moment, as those predestined to each other often do. The back of a cab, before John’s world fell to the pavement with blood streaking beautifully over his haunting face. Moriarty says, in the glitching screen, through his cat eyes and crinkly grin, “But that wasn't the final problem.”
Perhaps, it is simple luck, or an assumption that John trains on the racing beaches, or, maybe, he was told by someone. The sure-footing of Henry’s feet on the cobblestone, however, tells Sherlock that he has not come from a tavern, doesn’t seek a drink or a cigarette anymore, and he is confident in where he stands. He meant to be here.
Finally, Sherlock relents. It is time for his appointment. He can’t walk in and pretend that he isn’t entirely consumed with thinking of John pacing silently outside the door. “It bothers you.”
Lestrade had stepped in towards the distraught girl, who’d just had the fantastically brutal murder of her father solved. “He means ‘thank you’,” Lestrade said, when in reality, Sherlock hadn’t meant any such thing.
Sherlock processes the vague rustle of fabric, but it’s unreal and far off, of another realm. John’s knees shift and his weight changes over the mattress. He lolls his head to the side and John descends on his neck once more, mouthing a humid path to Sherlock’s collarbone. John’s trousers hit the floor, accompanied by the clink and clatter of his belt buckle on wood. Sherlock would’ve liked to pry that off himself.
John snorts. “You are very clever,” a special thrill leaps through Sherlock’s body even in the cold, “But you are also an eavesdrop. How long have you been spying on me?”
Sherlock mood shifts, and he forces the next item under scrutiny, a knitted basket, onto the counter, turning in offense. He flickers over the DI’s form in four seconds, all it takes for him to come up with the proper ammo to disarm Lestrade should he make another castle comment. It's not only the idea of being taunted, but profound discomfort that has wormed its way into Sherlock, skimming his scalp alight and curling his fingers involuntarily.
“Don’t,” He fails. He flattens his mouth into a line, glancing up and down the corridor. “Don’t rush in. Don’t let him get into your head.”
featuring Sherlock's terrible comebacks. And John Watson saving the day. There will be a lot of that.
Something is begging Sherlock to ask that question, the one that oversteps this line drawn before him in the sand.
The ride back to Skarmouth is uneventful. The clouds show no shadows on the grass or road, and whatever animal they had driven over last night has been cleared away, by human or otherwise.
Sherlock is fixed on John again. He can't keep him off of his treacherous mind for more than a moment. On the ground, hands up in front of his handsome face, sand sticking on one side of his sweaty cheeks. All questions as to what happened at the conclusion of last year’s Races have been swept out of his mind, and just for a second, he’s too concerned for this figment of his imagination.
“I mean that, I have no problems, what you do is your business, sweetheart, I just didn’t think I’d ever meet one—”
A display of weaponry will not thwart him, but rather emboldens him. John sets his jaw and demands, leaning closer, “You say you want Sherlock Holmes. What does Gladstone have to do with him?”
Sherlock is stupid, he should’ve recognized the direction they were headed out on the cliffs at sunset. It’s past dusk now, though, and the dark is heavy and tiring, there’s a pull in his heart to submit to it. They must meet Mike Stamford, and then Sherlock must go to Moriarty. Then. His face heats,
Sherlock scratches Redbeard’s shoulder in a spot where some mud is caked. The stallion whirls his head around and bats at his arm with his soft muzzle. “The white one. It was nearly translucent, I know you saw her. What was wrong with her?”
The sun dips behind the cliffs, behind the sea, and Sherlock shoves his heels into Redbeard’s side. The red stallion trots, and then canters. Sherlock leans down close to his free mane, hands knotted in the hair both for grip and to keep it from whipping at his face.
Sherlock follows his line of sight, the rain making it difficult. There’s a streak of brown, far away by the edges of the cliffs, which are the horizon in Sherlock’s eyes, but it’s gone too soon. Sherlock frowns, identifying it as the chestnut water horse, belonging to the mill worker. But where was its rider?
The man removes another pack of cigarettes from his breast pocket, and slips the end of one between his teeth, holding it there. He lights it with the quick strike of a match, and Sherlock breathes in the smoke. “The boys, we would all say we saw them, down by the cricks. To scare our sisters. Everyone was told never to go to the water alone, a lot like here. But they would be near the water always, nothin’ seasonal like here. There was a farm,” he said, “up on the hill. An older man, a sculptor, lived there - never made anything except horses out of wood. We all knew he'd seen the kelpies, but he never said anything to anyone in the town.
The water rises to Sherlock’s pectorals, and now it’s far too high for the shallows. He lifts his arms higher, wondering if he can drown in this pseudo-reality. The cold nudges around his body and raises the hair on the back of his neck.
John notices. He coughs, pushing a fist to his mouth, and sits up on his elbows, dislodging one of Sherlock’s arms. Going by the nervous look in his eye, he’s trying to come up with an explanation. An excuse! Sherlock sits bolt upright, the peace flushing out of him.
John tells him the rest of his interaction with Moriarty. The haggling for Gladstone, both of them like a common beach monger, the prices, the fairytale stories and the comments about Sherlock’s heart.
The tendons in his twisted neck are prominent and the braided reins are pulled away from his side, thrown up into the open air where John must’ve tossed them. There are tinges of pink and dusky grey to Gladstone’s black mouth. The wisps of wet hair call back to mind the night Sherlock spent running from the piebald. Or, that's in the future, now. Strange to think about it. He wonders briefly if the very water horse was out in the ocean at this time, or if it came to eat something on land before.
in the Yard, and watches the water horse from the outside. Within, the powerful black shadow is sleeping, or appears to be. His head and long neck are down, knees locked, and thin chest filling slowly with each huge breath, then emptying again.
Just how did he end up like this? His heart begins to beat harder, and carefully he wills his breathing to slow. Every muscle and joint is warm and unused now, so it is with great care that he must shift.
He hears Murray’s boots as the man comes up. Murray stands next to John, taller than him, peering into Gladstone’s stall and watching the horse begin to stir. The horse shakes his head, white mane tossing to both sides. Evidently, Gladstone can feel all the eyes on him and it makes him both disquieted and prideful.
Unable to say much else beyond more surprise, Mrs Hudson makes a movement to motion down the hall and into the next room over, “There’s one off the room with the water boiler,” she says.
He opens his eyes; they sting, but he can see the blurry form of Watson, and his hands, still red, like the water hasn't done a thing to the blood (blood?) on them.
In disbelief he quickly raises his hands to his face, feeling the skin on his cheeks, which peels beneath the heavy press of the pads of his fingers.
“I think you’d better leave,” John interrupts. His thumb leaves the side of the gun to audibly cock the hammer, drawing it straight back.
And then he’s replacing it with a dry, big towel. Sherlock instinctively pulls it tight around his chest, ducking his chin. John seems to produce another from thin air. The ceiling rattles when thunder quakes.
Lestrade seems to forget this transgression at once. He points at the weapon, indicating the darker imprints of the etching.
There’s a silence. It’s nasty, and Sherlock is left contemplating the validity of his answer in the wake of it. Now that John’s not talking, he feels stupid about his response. He wonders how John felt, when he left the mainland. Did he ever consider that place his home? Does he consider Thisby that?
Yes. There needs to be a direction in place, a point to follow. And it exists somewhere in this house. "Mm. Feeble-minded yet highly-paid detectives for New Scotland Yard. Police." He quirks his brow, thinking. "Like... knights. Except they solve crimes, and they follow mountains of regulations."
John's fingers shift against canvas sheets, his mind emerging like a gently cresting whale to the sound of a sweet voice. It's all honeydew and bumblebees and lilac flowers. Maybe monkshood, instead. Sherlock would like to be something poisonous but beautiful. It's only realistic.
He thinks of the bright, cherry red car coming down the road out of Skarmouth while he was headed into town.
John realizes this. “Here,” he says, pulling away. Sherlock twitches with the loss of John’s hand, unsympathetic, and John’s cock is still pushed insistently, untouched, against Sherlock’s navel. John reaches for the bedstand, fumbling a drawer open.
“No,” Sherlock says, “no more than anyone else does, anyways. And I wasn't waiting for anyone, so you can sit down.” That was obviously what was troubling John. Sherlock’s eyes drop to the glasses by John’s strong, weathered hands. He’s more drooling at those than at the beers.
He has always been irked by that cat. It’s filthy. She should be kept in the barn where it belongs. Still, though they exist within the same spaces, they aren’t very close. Sherlock feels as though they both trust each other.
It is not difficult to imagine the house as someplace nice. Sherlock gestures to an empty wall. “Some bookshelves here,” he says. Where to keep his microscope and books? They could all go downstairs, but John would complain about him cluttering the kitchen.
Sherlock collects his half-empty package of cigarettes from the mantel and lights one, returning to his post by the window and his music stand. Silly to have grown so worked up over a sound in the flat. The building is old, Mrs Hudson is probably awake downstairs and puttering around and making some nonsensical batch of baked goods, and London is loud and ever-present. The concern over someone coming into the flat is reasonable, because it has happened in the past and will likely continue to happen for the amount of time that Sherlock lives here and publishes his address on his website. Hm. Maybe that spree killer will make an appearance. That would speed things up.
The figure makes a mistake, taking a turn that heads towards the edge of Skarmouth, and Sherlock follows him at high speed. Here, he can trap him against the cliffs and ocean, and corner him with the threat of capaill and a cursed sea, and the wind throws his hair back as he sprints
It presses heavily over his shoulders, dense on his back, and his legs and core ache with the riding and fake laughter he’s had to endure all morning. Like the posters say, the Yard is the five-time champion of the Scorpio Races. John’s name has nothing to do with the advertisements. So, how come every buyer, every mainland monger, is here just to see him? To gain his opinion and his knowledge about what-to-do-with-what-jockey? What to bet on? Who will win?
The knight takes a daring step forward in the courtyard, “Are you dense?” He demands, “Have you come to kill me? I’ll not be bested by you - not by any giant!”
“I won’t miss it, young man.” She settles a teacup in a matching saucer in front of him. By looking at the ornate blue flower petals, Sherlock notes exactly which brush she used to achieve its desired effect, tiny forget-me-nots. The scent of the tea wafts around the kitchen, tucking into all the places Sherlock is tired and missing John. “And it
“Brother,” John points out, quiet. They’re steadily getting closer. Sherlock puts his hand down on the grass between them, so he can balance his weight as he shifts nearer to John. John’s fingers twitch, and he looks down and Sherlock is convinced that John’s going to lay his hand over his. The moment does not come, and it stutters out.
To participate in the Races, one must signup at the Hawkins Tavern by the night of the Scorpio Festival, two weeks before the first of November, and one must name their mount by the same date. The cementing of the riders is done at the rider's parade at the festival. The giving of blood. There's backing out after that, but it's seen as cowardice and the inhabitants of Thisby have never taken well to that. Lestrade’s called him in to view not a small number of subsequent killings motivated by island pride.
He wants to crush Jefferson Hope. To shove him from the water horse that dwarfs Redbeard, that stirred him up into madness, that pushed Sherlock nearly over the cusp of sanity and fear. Step and crush his bleeding wound underfoot.
He’s lain awake since returning from the stables, wondering at their circumstance. At first, John had roused, murmuring blearily about how Sherlock’s feet had gone cold, but Sherlock told him it was a trip to the loo, poignantly aware of the lie on his tongue. John had slipped his arm back over Sherlock’s waist.
What could the rich owner of the Stockyard want with two old ladies chatting about bridge and drinking tea?
Sherlock settles at the kitchen table, inhaling the scent of cooked mutton. Really, he wonders how people get by without Mrs Hudson’s cooking in their lives. Not that he’s hungry. “Absolutely appalling,” Sherlock agrees.
The twisted leather in his hands, however soft and worn it is, is a hundred times sharper than Sherlock’s smooth skin. Colder, too, infinitely colder. It’s been a long time since John has felt the skin of another person, just to feel it.
Sherlock hardly breathes, as quiet as he’d been when the piebald had stuck her long neck through his barn door. He can feel John’s breath ghosting over one side of his face, both of their gazes locked on the open door.
It’s filled with empty bar stools and tables during the day, and when the sun dips beneath the horizon, it fills with seedy people that stay long into the night.
and he strides like a champion. Long flexing legs, raised head, peering out at the competition like a fish through aquarium glass. John is mirroring this.
Far away, the Scorpio drummers have moved on and are crashing through the Skarmouth streets, or along the coastline. But Sherlock can hear nothing but silence and faint fiddles, and then:
“Unlock it,” He demands, straightening. What is he going to do if there is no envelope? There’s no way he could walk to the Stockyard and ask for another. Completely stupid.
He schools his expression, turning his face to the side expectantly, and flashes Lestrade's badge at the security guard. "Inspector Lestrade. My team has gone ahead. 57 on Chemsworth Circle."
It’s naturally Sherlock by his side when he’s able to speak, from a throat that had been stuffed full of oxygen tubing and other work to close a lung.
Sherlock pauses. Should he mention Gladstone? John wouldn’t puzzle out where he’d gone in the middle of the night, nor that he left at all, he isn’t the suspicious type, but Sherlock cannot shake the uneasy feeling that being dishonest with John gives him.
The door to the notary’s office is locked. Sherlock scowls, releases John, and has to pick it again.
Redbeard doesn’t whinny anymore, and Sherlock holds the papers tight as they briskly hurry towards the old hulk of the house in the dark, and John has grabbed his sopping coat. Sherlock has no clue how he’ll dry that without the help of the machines in the laundry room, but the fabric would shrink to use them.
Sherlock props himself up on his elbows and fiddles with the duvet cover, whirring too late in coming up with an answer.
John half-turns the keys and removes them from their place, attempting to click his handle open. Sherlock watches him work and struggle with it for a minute before the champion succeeds, and opens the door.
Sherlock tightens the flats of his forearms around John’s abdomen. Tucks his bright face against John’s neck, squeezes.
Sherlock comes to stand beside him. Moriarty is gazing down at his own hands, pulling at his gloves. They resemble Sherlock’s, although they are not the same, and now Moriarty reaches into his pocket. Sherlock then turns out towards the ocean, watching the waves fall and retreat. “You know what I want.”
Sherlock announces, straightforward, “You’re responsible for orchestrating the three October murders. You sent your man in the station to collect the files and photographs to make it harder to put you in the center of the operation.”
“John doesn’t need a history lesson, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock interrupts, continuing to stab at his papers.
Lestrade ropes him into coming. Sherlock says he would rather slit his own throat. Donovan shouts at him for making such an ill-timed comment. Sherlock is cross.
Square pupils. He would see, reflected in them, torment and intelligence. He would see a predator, staring back at him.
The firelight, and Sherlock’s angle, makes a quarter of Watson’s face light up from the bonfire, but the rest of his clothes are shadowed. The bonfire has spread to near the back of the rock, licking at the base of it. Adler slices Watson’s finger. Sherlock has drifted closer, and can see the drops of blood, with a small spark of light caught by the bonfire, fall to the surface of the rock and meet the sheep’s blood, pooled in a shallow dip in the rock.
They’ll have fifty lengths on Redbeard before they make it to the outcropping, no matter how something as big as Gladstone shouldn't be able to run this swiftly. Determined, Sherlock whips the reins against Redbeard’s neck. Sherlock jerks his heels so hard his muscles hurt. It’s barely of any use - Watson is still far, far ahead. They’re going to be annihilated in this run. A strain of hopelessness pumps through Sherlock's arms that ache with holding the weight of Redbeard's speed.
been why he was so pissed when you told him to bring in the Haverfords last night,” John giggles, “Brilliant. He wasn’t going to the beaches. He did say he had things to do.”
“If you observe, difficult for you lot to do, I know, but if you manage it, you’ll see that she died on her front.”
Climbing up the narrow, steep path is somewhat easier than trudging down it, as gravity is no longer working against them and trying to tear Redbeard down and fall. Sherlock licks the salt from his lips as he goes. It’s crusted his mouth and eyelashes. The cold presses up against him, like another body. Redbeard’s hooves slip and skitter on the loose pebbles a hundred times in the climb. Sherlock leans forward, towards the stallion’s neck, to ease some of his weight.
apologize. I’ll see you tomorrow morning at the Yard. I’ll be at the Skarmouth Inn, I-- Oh, oh,” Henry says, like a thought has popped into his memory, “Yes, Mr
With careful regard, Sherlock sticks his tongue out from between his lips and touches the hair to the tip of it.
Sherlock emerges from the cramped loo (a toilet too close to a countertop too close to a standing bathtub on rusted, iron-clawed brass feet) feeling a world better. He left his sopping clothes and the towel over the edge of the tub, hoping they’ll dry over the night.
). A thrown rope cannot cut hard iron chain. People don't talk to metaphors. John's not as perfect as Sherlock - and Sherlock is not that strong. John would always be bothered by the drugs; never indifferent.
Finally, Gladstone starts responding to John’s prompts. He starts with a cluck, something like the piebald, and then groans, deep in his throat. Sherlock can hear this noise in his feet, from the back of his heels to the front of his toes - the way a wave is sucked back into the water. His keening slowly rises in pitch, unbroken, and the horses in the stable, unheard until now, begin whinnying loudly. Men are shouting, but the higher Gladstone’s roar rises, the less perceptible the shouts and whinnies become.
Sherlock’s brows raise, and his lips part in genuine surprise. Paintings? How has the ocean not yet wiped them from history?
Tapping a rhythm over Sherlock's knuckles in morse, John smiles. His face feels greasy and caved with too many lines, it feels good, and he keeps tapping. “I dreamt of you, too. During all of this,” He glances around the room for a moment, and Sherlock half turns away to follow his gaze, apparently expecting John to be staring at one thing in particular.
Hardly able to see, Sherlock steps down from his short ledge onto the sand and shells lining the bottom of the cavern, and moves to John, who is positioned to have a better angle. A few straggling characters, words, are smudged above the reach of the water.
“It’s not in the rules,” Sherlock says through his teeth. When he was young, he used to be so black-hearted that he’d spit on people’s shoes when he didn’t like what they were saying. Mycroft had broken him out of that. He may have to take up that habit again, “I can ride what I’d like.”
“No kidding, he was staring right at you,” John goes on, steps quickening to match the pace of Sherlock’s long legs. They hit the brick by the edge of the quay, and Sherlock turns, walking parallel to the railing and into town. “I mean
“Oh, god, you’re an idiot,” comes John’s voice, and Sherlock peers up from the ground through wet hair smeared across his face. He pushes it back, squinting at the rider, who bends.
And he remembers the answer he got back two months later. It meant Mycroft had hesitated to put pen to paper, and missed not one, but two monthly deadlines of the ferry that delivered mail to the island.
John’s hand slips against his elbow as people part before Gladstone, wading through the crowd as easily as he does the sea.
But. Then there is the cobalt his eyes had been in the night in the heavy storm, the light blue during sunny afternoons, comforting grey while they sat on the cliffs, clouds casting shadows over the open ocean. And none of those seem like the
he wanted. Now, he’s going to get you, he’s going to have you under his hand, if you can’t manage to remember that.”
“Likely me,” He says suddenly, ignoring the way John’s face has suddenly dropped. “I don’t mean it to be prideful, but the practice of eating
Surely, there is something wrong with his hearing, his ears, something is wrong with him, because those words did not come from John’s mouth. The rain falls.
The flat is dark, otherwise. Sherlock sits on the ground before the castle. It must be a meter by a meter. Perhaps less, one way or the other, because Lestrade did after all manage to get it through the door, no thanks to Sherlock. The make-up of it is very well done, he can agree with Lestrade’s initial assessment. There are several tall pillars, made of stone and carved to look as though it’s composed of tiny, hand-laid bricks. The courtyard is dustily painted, with mock, empty stables half-hidden in shadow beneath the towers.
Then, a page on racers. Questions surround the name of a racer that Sherlock had almost forgotten about.
The mare snorts and struggles, like the spell has been broken. The man winds his arm under her jaw and hugs her massive head tighter to his abdomen, a grim look upon his face. “Now, if you don't mind.”
is screaming through its teeth underwater, but it sounds like an orchestra, all clashing symbols and high vocals from an opera, a sound that ricochets around Sherlock and winds around his head - the siren song is clear and alluring.
Images of Donovan’s and Anderson’s faces come into Sherlock’s mind, unwelcome and uninvited, and even Lestrade, at work in his office. How many of the officers there, lurking in the ranks and between the mundane shelves of paperwork, are waiting for only a word from Moriarty to shoot Lestrade in the spine? As it did this afternoon, Sherlock pictures Anderson’s charcoal-covered face in the dimness of the window behind Moriarty’s back.
The beach begins to shake again - he grasps Gladstone’s mane hard for support, coming face to face with the enormous beast once again. He stares at the yellow teeth that can be seen just underneath a heavy lip.
In this moment, he regrets everything. He regrets signing up for the Races. He regrets buying expensive hay, and interacting with- with John, and attending the festival, and--
“She can't afford to keep me around. I could take every job on the island, John, and I couldn't make the payments for her.”
“John, I’d like you to bring that horse back. He could use a cleaning. Especially around the...” Moriarty squints, and wets his bottom lip, “mouth. That filly Elementary needs her exercise as well. Tell someone to do it before you’re off.” Now he turns to regard Sherlock.
“Then you have to promise. You really do.” John opens another cupboard, removing a box of tea. From another, a teacup and saucer. And then an unfashionable mug.
Girls in bells run by while Sherlock parks the Ford. No use in risking Redbeard here - gamblers will do anything to even slightly raise their odds. The car needs to stop and start as people run in between the vehicles in the street, feet hitting the ground in tune with the music. This is nothing like the festival, but it is still very overwhelming, and so when he parks the Ford our back of Hawkins Tavern, Sherlock takes a moment to himself to pray that it will turn back on when he wants to leave.
in his stall, gently thudding his nose into the door as Sherlock steps inside the stable. Josephine hears the commotion and hooks her head around her door, chewing. She slips back inside when she figures Sherlock isn’t worth any excitement.
John sighs. His biceps bulge beautifully beneath the rolled-up sleeves of his red flannel. “I thought I’d be old by the time I used it, too. We would have been a matching pair, the house and I.”
Down beneath the cliffs, in the quay with the drummers, there are booths with locals hawking things and foods to tourists from beneath canvas tents. Introverted locals are hiding out in the tavern, their own private place, one that seems singularly separate from the tourists. There’s people filling every inch of space by the pier below the cliffs. Charcoal from the enormous bonfire just outside Skarmouth is taken to be scribed on paper and made into a sea wish, or streaked along cheekbones to disguise someone from the wild of Thisby. It serves the same purpose as the charms on the water horses - hide the people from the heartless ocean.
“No. You can tell plenty from the outside,” Sherlock says, suddenly glancing madly around the room for something to verify his claim. John has started smiling.
“You must not be a giant. But then,” The knight looks high up at him, “How to account for your size?”
Even then, why would it matter to John that Sherlock loves this large part of him? His chest squeezes, like it did in the caves, a strange, hopeful array of shivers.
pool of blood doesn’t reach the old stain, marking at what angle she was propped up, by six point seven centimeters. Big difference, big enough of a difference for the spread of the stain not to be just capillary action - I’ve done a whole set of experiments on the way blood adheres to itself and to varying textures and brands of fabric... Therefor, she wasn’t murdered here,” Sherlock finishes, finally drawing breath again.
Beryl loose from her stall, mouth frothing white from poison, not rage. He continues with what he’s known since Saint Columba’s, slipping in the muddy turf.
There’s a tin of chocolate biscuits somewhere here, which will work out until Mrs Hudson comes up later in the evening. Sherlock reaches for the cabinet with the tea boxes in them. He should start leaving them out on the counter like he does with his chemistry equipment, having to actually open something is annoying...
He turns, finding that Redbeard has already done so, ears pricked and alert, neck high and tense as he watches Watson approach. Redbeard must’ve known they weren’t alone immediately.
Gladstone seems still, though his eyes are wild in his head, searching all around. He is bound by the bells around him, by the flowers that someone has put into his striking white mane. Unused to any charms, his pelt shakes and quivers violently. He is both afraid and hurt, and besides the pink around his mouth, he does not look like he killed a man anymore.
Imagine it, Sherlock telling the whole truth, about how he would’ve given up racing, and all that it meant for him to win, for John to have just the barest chances at a happiness away from the Stockyard. How Sherlock had given up any agency he would’ve had at the last minute before the Races, how he could no longer back out without looming repercussions.
A pair of dun horses snap at each other, so engrossed in tearing the riders off each other’s back that they don’t pay any mind to Redbeard sprinting ahead of them. Sherlock wretches the reins and Redbeard curves again, chest heaving and head bobbing, swiveling past the two.
Lestrade scrubs his hand over his face. Then, spent, he waves at them. “Go, go. Donovan will haul in the Haverfords, and you,” Lestrade says, “will bring me the murderer by the end of the Races.”
“And then you went down the next week.” John plucks a button, undoing it. “I couldn’t stop myself from running into the water. It seems so foolish to look back at it, but I’d do it a hundred times over.”
“Yeah,” John clears his throat. Awkward. Sherlock pulls Redbeard into a stop, and John follows suit. Gladstone shifts and rocks in place. Sherlock squints at John.
John Watson shakes his head. It’s hard to see from Sherlock’s vantage point, and he finds himself, stupidly, wishing he were better able to observe the small animatronics. “In
Redbeard runs, and Sherlock feels him leap and bound with as much energy as a new colt. He may be just as good as one. Horses on Thisby live longer, can run within minutes after birth instead of hours, but tire quicker. Sherlock has always figured it’s the magic, wearing them thin.
“Sherlock Holmes, what's a boy like you doing out here?” Someone shouts at him. Someone else laughs with as much gusto as a sea lion. Sherlock hunches his shoulders up to his ears and walks faster.
Gladstone jerks his great long neck forward, raising gooseflesh on Sherlock’s neck. His eyes swivel wildly in his skull, focusing and refocusing out on the vast ocean beyond the cliffs as the three of them walk.
“I showed you. Thisby, the islanders, the sea, and Gladstone.” It’s a beautiful response, something Sherlock was very much not expecting. A writer to the core. John means,
What is it carved in? Sherlock weighs it, then blinks, bringing the object closer to his face. He sniffs. Ah, lead. It is maybe two inches tall. It’s proportional to the massive size of the castle, however. To the very small figure, the castle really is a monument.
“Yes!” Sherlock exclaims. He fixates on Lestrade. “Yes, Lestrade, where’s the cat? Animal witnesses and all that, where’s the cat?”
Redbeard takes a step back, and his whole rump jerks, because he’s stepped onto empty air. Redbeard is crowded against the very edge. Sherlock’s hands shake harder.
Surely, the man is a capable rider, given his business, his professional gaze over horses. But then again, John’s never seen Moriarty ride, and he’s in this business. Holding onto the rope a bit harder, John sets his jaw.
“This isn’t your property,” Watson says, and he grins. It takes Sherlock a moment to remember that those were the words he spat at Watson, merely days ago. It feels like centuries, time is crawling so slowly. Diffidently, Sherlock casts his eyes downward to hide a smaller smile.
“Sherlock,” John says from behind him as he sorts through all of John’s clothes mentally, “the envelope, here by his pocket. There’s another one.”
Clearly, it’s a hit list, of sorts. It’s a bit surprising that this circle of gamblers is risking this so close to the date of the Races. Then again, the resident police force is already busy with the influx of tourists and crime related to that, and less concerned with a rider who has been, supposedly, killed by his own
. The seeds of doubt? I’ve crafted them all so carefully, Sherlock, just for you. That Detective Lestrade?” Moriarty gestures. “I can have him off the island in a
Men are hawking to riders about insurance and prices, and dogs are still careening around ankle-height, looking for loose meat someone dropped while feeding a water horse.
John says, “Liar. I was with you this morning. Some of it, anyway. Mike’s going to have a field day, when he figures that out.”
That alone must be the reason for his thoughts, he’s sure. And then he’s not sure, because Henry’s face, hesitant and non-angular, up against the grey sky above him, doesn’t evoke anything within him at all. He pictures a sharper nose, cheekbones that could cut even Thisby’s wind, and dark raven’s hair.
Moriarty’s cat-smile lengthens. “I’d never thought I'd live to see the day.” Smoke, a wider smile, like the stretching mouths of the
Something new, that Sherlock has never seen on the champion before, has been tucked in specialized pockets and beneath his quaking bridle and saddle - charms of blue petals, scarlet cord, and iron ringlets. Gladstone stands in place and only moves when pulled, his skin twitching like crabs scuttle beneath the surface.
When they had raced, the wind had thrown the smell of the ocean at them, and Gladstone had veered to the edge of the land and the grass. Sherlock scrunches his nose, thinking over the delicious power of the champion horse that had tried to overcome him, even as he sat on Redbeard, lengths behind.
Rebecca must’ve been the grandmother’s name, then. 1938. Sherlock squints, mind running numbers on the progression of artificial intelligence and the chances of anything like that being developed nearly a century ago. Improbable. “2019. If you knew someone a century ago, why were you surprised by my size?”
John cups his face in his strong hands. There have been no declarations. Sherlock hopes there will be. Will he get to hear them? Should he bother to hope? Hope that the sand will not take any of them come the day of the Races? This is an oft-visited thought, losing Redbeard, but now, it feels as though there is something else real to lose, something solid, something that exists in their shared space. The space between them, where he can feel John’s breath over his lips.
“You've got quite a shout,” Sherlock finally says when John stops close by, although John didn’t shout at all. Redbeard huffs to Gladstone, who tucks his muzzle, jerking John’s grip, and clucks back, fish eyes peering over his long nose.
“What of your hand?” John asks, as if he’s gravely wounded Sherlock instead of giving him a puncture no worse than a thumbtack.
There is no way to backpedal now. Sherlock replaces Redbeard’s halter with his good bridle, tightening the cheek piece and brushing hay off the noseband. “Yes.” He checks the time on Mrs Hudson’s watch as she throws the pad over Redbeard’s back. Little over an hour before the Races begin.
For the first time in a long while, his thoughts resign themselves to his brother. His hateful brother. His hateful brother, who could not see past what he disliked about Thisby to find something worth its weight.
and hush it all away like the ocean. John would never agree, never listen to that. It would mean having no chance in getting Gladstone from Moriarty. Sherlock glances away from John’s face, which has dropped, John’s eyes still searching Sherlock’s expression like there is anything he will be able to find. Sherlock’s gaze lands on Gladstone, behind them. The giant black water horse stands silently in the circle John has drawn for him in the grass and dirt, his long, gaunt face turned hauntingly towards the pair of them, regarding.
Sherlock opens his mouth, sucking in a deep breath, and the deductions roll off his tongue, connections crackling with electric sparks as he speaks.
John flings the quilt off the bed entirely, emerging from its tent. He’s still smiling, and it still launches Sherlock’s heart into desperate flutters. His features are better seen in the dim of the flat instead of under the covers.
He would love some DNA samples, but recalls that one of Moriarty’s terms had been to stop going round to the Stockyard. Maybe John could be persuaded. In the name of science.
Attempting to look nonchalant, Sherlock takes a peek around the corner, seeing something so startling he's got to sharply inhale, the scent of ale clouding his nose.
“John,” Sherlock manages, as soon as he’s close enough to actually say something. John’s eyes are focused forward, his mouth set in a grim line, brows drawn together in a way that Sherlock can only describe as dangerous. And... alluring. The pistol gleams in the barely existent light.
Although mismatched terribly, by colour, sheen, style, everything is perfectly positioned. Everything has a place, every frame a poised angle, and nothing is rusty nor dirty. There are no plates or cups out in the (thankfully carpet-free) kitchen, the sink is empty, and the icebox is unfathomably clean. Pillows on the sofas are arranged perfectly. He disrupts a couple photographers, waltzing through the dining room and touching all four legs of the walnut table and generally getting in the way.
Instead, it’s horrible. Unexpected, horrible, likely to be disastrous, especially when he needs to leave for this case…
John is standing close to the radiator by the stove, laying out the wet papers while Mrs Hudson talks at him, rather than to him, in a constant spiel about… something or other. The radio is still on, tuned to some hearty late-night music from the mainland stations, fuzzy in some necessary parts of the song.
No, Johns shoulders are sloped lower than usual, as well, but the spectators watch on, seemingly unfazed. Evidently, none of them have ever owned a horse, because it’s obvious how uncomfortable and angry Gladstone is.
He remembers seeing John, proud and confidently pledging his name, and yet unassuming and persistently quiet at the same time.
On the cliffs above there is a spectacle of merchants lobbing bells or other good-luck charms to the tourists and rocks at the magpies. The birds flock and try to lift shiny things off of seller’s tables beneath the overhanging tents. Bill Murray had tried to lure Sherlock into his stall, but Sherlock was too busy trying to look for John among the mess. When he stated this, Murray gave him a sly look and then tried to trade him a few warm November cakes, his own breakfast, for use of the Ford Sherlock had driven down with to haul large items over from his shop.
His mum used to say that every man on the island was in love with Janine Hawkins - she was beautiful, and she could make any man as drunk as a water horse on the November tide.
Sherlock senses it as clearly as he felt it on Gladstone’s back. Winding, dredging, pulling, tightening. Ebbing and flowing, pulses of magic like John’s shell, hushing like the tide. The sea, the sea, the sea.
He remembers the festival. He's always been an outcast, someone not worth a second glance on this island, someone to snicker at or throw a punch at. Now, with Redbeard formally entered in the Races, he's become a laughingstock. Not that he wasn't before. He sniffs haughtily. Is a little respect so much to ask for?
“I’ll cut you a deal. You promise eat something in the morning, and I won’t make you eat anything now.”
Sherlock pushes Redbeard’s nose away, and stuffs a foot into a stirrup, hauling himself expertly up and onto Redbeard’s back. Redbeard puffs, and Gladstone mimics it.
He finally takes the time to inspect what's in the thermos. It's a strong-smelling herbal tea, he discovers when he opens the top just to close it again. He feels John's eyes on him for a short while.
He completely fails to take off his wet coat, irritated. The material is old and worn, but won’t shrink because of some seawater. It will have the be air dried after Sherlock washes it later, lest it shrink. John pulls the sleeves off and flings the clothing half a meter away, draping his heavy jacket over Sherlock’s shoulders, an instant barrier from the wind, if not the cold.
Lying at the narrow rocky edge, Sherlock risks a glance over his shoulder, the long drop of the side of the cliff. The ocean is black and frothy, beating against the sides of the great chalk walls. His body won’t break on the beach, it’ll be torn to pieces by
Why would this man need to tell John that? It’s a given that the owner of the Stockyard would protect his priceless horses, as mad as he is.
His curiosity and nosiness peaks, and after the deafening drums have gone by, cymbals screaming and beats thudding in his feet, he slips towards the corner of the building he's pressed against. The streetlights cast orange spheres on the walk and street below, but he is encased in black and shadow.
“I thought,” he chokes, “we were in London again. Together. But it was another era, which I find preposterous. Although I did solve a cold case.”
John watches him stride away, all confidence in that soaking wet suit. He says to Sherlock, without clarification, “I’m not sure if I believe him.”
If Sherlock hadn’t entered, John would have won Gladstone and the Races. Most definitely. If Sherlock hadn’t gotten involved, Moriarty wouldn’t have pulled the puppeteering strings on John so tightly. John’s working misery was due to Sherlock’s selfish fixation on his employer. He's a danger to John, as long as Moriarty lives.
John’s grip is on Gladstone, but all his focus is on Sherlock, and what he holds. John swallows, looking up at him, a deep concern written in the lines around his mouth.
Here is where the small notebook gives Sherlock pause. Surely, John wouldn’t leave it here if it was imperative that Sherlock not read it…? So, there can’t be anything terribly incriminating in it. Perhaps, even, by leaving it here on the kitchen counter, John is implying Sherlock should read it. Or is that too much of a thought process to give to John? No, no. He’s very smart, if he wanted Sherlock to read it, and assumed Sherlock would snoop, then he’d leave it somewhere Sherlock could find it.
There is a red stallion standing over a dead man, smudges of black for hair and a line of red for his chest. The paintings are bright, untouched by the sun, so deep beneath Thisby.
you, Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock snaps, and then lets his eyes travel back to Lestrade. His grey hair contrasts the dark sack overcoat with its gleaming rows of buttons, and the breeches. His cap is in his fist, like it always is when Lestrade is inside a building. The man is well-dressed, for so early. It’s still dark outside. Well, blue.
“Nope. She loves you, completely and wholeheartedly. No idea what you did to deserve that--” Sherlock scoffs quietly, “--but... she does.”
“Don’t be angry,” John says sweetly, as if there aren’t a million things to be angry about. “Where are your colours?”
The thumb returns. John’s finger is pushed tight against the modeled line of the trigger. Sherlock stares at John’s hands, shivering.
“Mm,” Sherlock hums, uninterested in being harassed about his finicky relationship with the young baker’s apprentice. He pretends to inspect the paper bag.
But now, with Watson’s hair slicked back and his clothes soaked and clinging to his bones, there is something swirling in his blue eyes; they hold as much underlying terror as the surface of the November sea. There's red blood on his steady hands, dripping from his wet lips. How could he ever have thought John Watson may not have the heart to race?
After a few moments, and Sherlock sipping from the thermos of tea (because he wants his chest to feel warm, and not strangely fuzzy and cold as it does now), John clears his throat. Sherlock watches the horses.
These ones are recognizable. There are some displayed at Saint Columba’s, the church in Skarmouth where Stamford attends. At the church, they’re behind thick glass with plaques regarding the names of racing
John smiles softly at him. “I want you to love him,” He repeats, quietly. Sherlock wonders if Gladstone understands the significance of the moment, because against the late afternoon sun he is still, and he is silent.
Ah, Lestrade kept the body in this state so that Sherlock could come and view it. How thoughtful. And very telling about how out of his depth Lestrade is. The whole of the police, actually, even if Donovan’s snark and Anderson's attitude tries to convince him otherwise.
alone like this. Only John. Gladstone tilts his head to the sound of John’s voice, his lips twitching. Sherlock understands. It’s captivating.
Sherlock sneers at his inner self, trying to determine when it was that he began to let magic dictate his fate.
“Why? Oh, I see, you’re looking for something that pertains to you. No. I did not tell Moriarty all your weaknesses so that he may exploit them. I’m not insane,” back to the envelope, now a little hurt.
“Cat hair. The cat might’ve been here when she was murdered.” Perhaps it was stolen? Or maybe the neighbor took it in after Shadwell was found dead and the police began to crawl all over her house. Having been doing reading about animal witnesses two months ago, Sherlock’s half-confident that the cat is a clue. If this pans out favorably, he could post a blog about it.
“I’ve met a dozen of your people over my years,” John says with patience, “I don’t go rushing, trying to meet more of them.”
He wants to inspect the curtains’ rail to see how often John parts them to gaze at what he does not possess, but a hand stops low on his back. The touch wrings Sherlock from his thoughts, and sucks all the air out of the flat. John comes up next to Sherlock and leans over the counter to draw the curtains, slowly.
Had he had all the secret pieces, the snatches of interaction Sherlock seems to have had with Moriarty without him, he might’ve been able to argue for Sherlock’s safety, as well. But Sherlock told him nothing.
The long lights on the ceiling illuminate the area more than the sun from outside, which has once more disappeared behind a thick layer of grey clouds, relieving shadows from the walls.
“You’ll take the car,” Sherlock instructs, holding out the keys for her. He thinks for a moment. Has he ever seen her in the Ford? “Do you know how to drive?”
“You wouldn’t…?” John prompts. Sherlock shakes his head, wet curls flopping on his forehead and making him more upset at their condition. He does not want to answer. “Okay,” John breathes out, “Okay. That’s fine, Sherlock. Let’s… can you walk in the doorway, please?”
“Yeah,” Now Watson’s smiling, squinting against the light. It almost looks fake, “After the beaches. Heard Philip Anderson scribed your name on a sea wish last night,” His voice hardens, then softens again, “Saw your articles in the catalogs that used to go to the mainland.”
“How did… Redbeard seem?” Sherlock ventures as John hands him a saggy old jumper. At least it looks warm, because the beige is certainly not pretty.
No one gives him any room because Redbeard is an ordinary horse, not a risk to brush against in passing. Sherlock finds himself jealous of the lithe, snake-like
Endless photographs in poses that Sherlock never expects, and endless bouquets for Redbeard, whose neck hangs heavy with green garlands. Signing for the money, tending for his ruined hair.
Sherlock slumps back into the pillows, chest lightened considerably. John doesn’t mean to kick him out, and doesn’t mean for this to be a ‘one-off’. “Hm.”
Moriarty grins, “Neither have I. This changes nothing.” He directs his smile to Sherlock, looking at him up and down.
The water runs, and shuts off, and John returns with a flannel. Satisfaction curls in Sherlock’s smile, noting the continual lack of any articles of clothing between them.
“Didn't tame him?” Sherlock prompts, looking into the fray. Deductions and observations jump at him in such number that he has to peer down at the cliff grass to gather his bearings.
Should he stay at the back of the pack and come up at the last moment to steal the victory? Gladstone has done it before. And where will Sherlock be? Ah, he’s already told that man to stay close to the edge of the water. There, the sand will be firm and
. Redbeard is amazing, and he’ll run quick and straight, but you,” John’s voice gentles through the air, soothing and soft, “You can’t keep running if you get knocked to the sand.”
There is a sharp glare exchanged between Moriarty and John. Sherlock blinks in the storm - this isn’t something new or angry, they’ve had an argument.
Just as before, John climbs on. Sherlock raises him up to his shoulder, keeping his fingers tightly together lest John get caught in the cracks.
Next box — older cases, ones that have been solved, a few by him, but several that go back to the first few years of Skarmouth’s existence, a very long time ago. There’s no organization system here, which is frightfully annoying. The photos he’s looking for wouldn’t be in the dark room still, would they? As John reminded him near moments ago, Lestrade did say they would be in the notary’s office.
John’s expression darkens. His brow twinges involuntarily, a vein twitching at his forehead, prominently gleaming in the street lights. Oh, he’s thinking now, and not pleased. “I’m happy to act a fool for you, Sherlock. But don’t think that I am one.”
s. The suggestion that he should be elsewhere, away from John, is debilitating. Once, if Sherlock had been assured to the destruction of Moriarty, he would cheerfully have accepted his own.
Slowly, Sherlock steps further into the stall, the sand whispering around his shoes, grains crunching underfoot. He trails his hand over the hard bumps of Gladstone’s misshapen ribs, coming to rest at his long, low neck.
John rolls over onto his side, the length of his body pressing up against Sherlock, and he touches Sherlock’s chin, running over the constellation of moles on Sherlock’s neck. “Means you feel good.”
Sherlock looks at John. He’s flushed with the bite of the wind, his thin lips are chapped, and he’s got that line between and above his eyebrows that means he’s concentrating,
His knee bumps between Sherlock’s thighs, allowing John to settle his weight on the bed and push it into Sherlock’s groin, grinding into Sherlock’s hard cock. Sherlock gasps, heat sparking all along the inside of his thighs like hot pepperflakes, but John licks the sound away, sucking on Sherlock’s bottom lip and burying his hands in his curls.
Sherlock rearranges himself, fitting John’s front against his spine. John tucks his hand beneath Sherlock’s hip, curling close. They could just as easily turn over, but Sherlock falls restlessly asleep before he starts an argument.
Sherlock’s hair has been washed, and he’s done up his black riding boots to the knee. His black breeches grip his thighs, his blue button-down tucked into the waistline. He forgoes a waistcoat, slipping on his long coat instead. He’s already going to stick out on the beach, might as well go the full mile and dress strangely, too. Certainly, people expect him to. Sherlock Holmes and his island pony. He tucks his riding gloves into his pockets.
“Always following me around,” Sherlock remarks quietly to Redbeard, who now shuffles in his stall, using a hoof to play in the sawdust over the flooring. Musgrave, the cat without more than a stub of a tail, winds around Sherlock’s legs as he walks over the cement flooring. It’s not as clean as the stables at the Stockyard, and it’s littered with hay and dust and indents and cracks where it has worn thin. Somehow, it's infinitely better.
They meet in the light near the stable. There are severe shadows cut over all their faces, thrown straight beneath them to the grass and cobbles.
John holds the lead up high, to where it is clipped against the halter, and seizes Sherlock’s arm. “Not a word,” He murmurs, barely moving his lips, and he releases Sherlock. How are John’s eardrums still functioning? Perhaps he whispered because they aren’t.
“I should be on the beaches, you know!” Lestrade says. Sherlock flips to the page for him, rattling off his long line of deduction, with the added assurance of how the wife will surely confess to the murder given a little prodding. John looks down at him like the sun.
. It’s conditional. Frigent upon his completion, his survival, and it truly is, which makes the air heavier, the bright clouds oppressing. There can’t be any thinking about what will happen if he wins because it’s such a large
Sherlock continues striding confidently, “I don’t know. The father of the rider acted in a very peculiar manner.”
Sherlock glances to the champion, then to the jacket in John’s arms. “If the victim had an identical envelope with identical contents before he was killed, you are likely the target of the next poisoning. But it would’ve been done in the tavern tonight.”
John appears to sense this. He grips Sherlock’s hand. Tightly. His fingernails dig lightly into the back of Sherlock’s knuckles, holding onto him.
All the images dissolve in black oil - the tables, the rifle on the wall (John had to show Sherlock how to use it - it was important), the lantern, the ocean and the grass - sinking down into the liquid until they've all been swallowed. He thinks he can see black teeth against white gums, shining fangs and pink baby bottles. Someone tells him he’ll go blind. A firing squad in pixelated camouflage all line up facing a backwards man against the bloodied brick.
He gets up but groans, his clothes caked with salt. Serves him right, putting his trousers from last night back on. Beneath his buttoned coat, however, he's wearing John's small jumper, it's warmer that way. That's all. His shoes are still damp. He's been in the bakery for several hours.
Above the clatter of someone shouting bets for the Races at another person, Lestrade says, “Had to have been eaten. There weren't any marks on the body.”
Surely meant to embarrass him, Sherlock flits his gaze to meet Moriarty's. The rain comes down harder, in larger spurts. Moriarty’s hair is black and limp now, his eyes grey and sunken into his face, large dark bags beneath them in the storm.
Sherlock’s hand pauses mid-air, flagging a cab. Is that some sort of size joke? God, the smile is nearly audible in John’s voice. Sherlock resists an irritated groan.
He can ride bareback - he loves it, powerful muscles beneath him, flexing and mirroring his own exhilaration - but a trip to the town requires a saddle, it's long, and Sherlock doesn't want to risk aches or damages to Redbeard.
Mrs Hudson glances between the pair of them. “The only man who ever appreciated my cooking,” She says, “Of course I remember this one.”
John tends to his cuts best he can. Sherlock hopes they keep bleeding. If they do, John won’t step away. He’ll feel helpful, needed, wanted, and it will delay the inevitable.
“Of course it was me. You already knew that. Don’t act surprised.” Sherlock hands the seashell back. When will John find the time to throw it over the cliff edges and make his wish into the wind?
“I should have been quicker,” Sherlock says, battling the urge to sit on the cushions of the sofa in his wet clothes. “If I had foreseen what he was going—”
Gladstone limps into the Scorpio surf, knocking over the wet saddle John has raced him under for so many years. His large body paces itself, going slow, hip flexing taut under his black skin. The ocean sloshes around his ankles as he wades in deeper, proud and badly hurt, his great long face shaping into something new. Froth brushes against his knees, then his shoulder as the tide lures him deeper.
Mirrors, mirrors. John can't come up with anything new. Dog masquerading as childhood trauma. Child on the phone and a fake painting. Already his dream has begun to fade from his mind, and soon enough there won't be anything left of it. He's glad for it. There had been very disturbing themes within it. Sherlock will never be allowed to point a gun at himself, not ever.
The nose emerges again, and this time, a head follows. Nostrils flare wide in a battle for air, red, and then the rest of the face. A neck, and a wet mane pasted to the side of it.
The paper is the same, too, off-white, thick, and luxurious. Almost smooth to the touch, refined. Over the lamp, he can see the shadow of folded pages inside, feel them through the envelope. There’s something in here.
His white mane shivers against his hide, trembling for a moment, then it freezes, caught in the middle of a shivering transformation. It is sea-slick and glossy-wet, like kelp washed ashore. Gladstone opens his mouth and Sherlock can see something that almost resembles a tongue inside and at the same time does not, but John hits him on the nose, hard. Gladstone’s teeth snap shut.
“What? Well, you did see Hope’s arm, he was bleeding, nothing bad, but it may be a little sore on racing day--”
The black shape grows bigger, and bigger, and Sherlock can see the rider on its back, but it could be anyone, it could be someone who hates him, who agrees with the islanders— The weak sun catches on the black horse’s striking white mane, where a rider’s hands are currently clutching onto, weaving braids in threes and sevens, threes and sevens. Then the clouds part and more light streaks over a head of light hair, mounted on the water horse’s back.
He should be in Skarmouth, or Tholla, running between buildings and around alleyways, over skips and beneath broken fences in pursuit of the rush that comes in times of high need, listening to the festival grow louder.
There are drops of blood welling up in a gashed line, and the red begins to fall, seeping down easily as it is aided by the rainwater. It’s incredibly dark against the iron color of Redbeard’s fur.
Watson’s hands find Sherlock's wrists, and shove them off his collar. His eyes are dark, red-rimmed, and stormy. Sherlock swallows and chokes on salt as he tries his hardest to reach the land.
The Scorpio drums beat in his chest, a fluttering, deep thing. With every pound against the blood-spattered leather, a baseline makes itself known in Sherlock's lungs.
Watson and his horse have righted themselves again, moving fast, overtaking and then already twenty lengths ahead within a handful of quick seconds. Sherlock growls for speed in Redbeard’s ear, and his legs pump faster as he begins to listen. Sherlock reaches behind them, cracking his hand down on Redbeard’s haunches, hard. Redbeard squeals and his foreleg kicks out as Sherlock lets loose more rein, but it does the trick, getting his attention.
A mix of despair and dread begin to climb up the back of his throat. No. The situation must be dealt with. He steps towards the champion rider, and stops. It’s possible he is the last person on the earth that John wants to see right now. A gust of wind brings about his selfishness, and he walks to John anyways.
Mrs Hudson waves him away, too accustomed to his moods. “Oh, pop off. I’ll come in and get her settled. Hello, John!”
The men from the Stockyard work in teams of four to ten to capture their rides, fresh and dripping from the sea and crazed from being in the water. Sherlock is just one man. Yes, he's far more clever than anyone else on the island, but he's still only one man.
Wind lifts Sherlock's dark fringe from his forehead, and it pulls all sound away from his ears, so the activities and the haggling behind him are nothing more than bird cries.
“Gladstone,” John doesn't shout, but Gladstone's ears press forward like he had. His shivers stop long enough for John to slowly work the harness of nails off of him, pulling at the leather straps with iron clips. It drops to the sand.
Honey glaze floats on the air, puff pastries sit behind the counter glass display. Butter-breads and warm chocolates are arranged perfectly over cloth and in decorative Thisby baskets, waiting to be plucked for purchase. Loaves of sweetbread lean up against each other in paper packets like the bicycles outside the window.
Sherlock bends to pick up the leadrope and drags Redbeard’s head up. He fits the bit into his mouth with little resistance, just the token amount he expects from him, and fixes the rest of the bridle in place over top of Redbeard’s harness. He unclips the lead rope and tosses it onto the ground. It'll be dark when he comes back, and it'll be hard to find, but Sherlock doesn't care.
“Moriarty gave you those seeds, John. He could’ve gotten them from anywhere and their source is nearly gone or entirely depleted by now.” Sherlock frowns. He
Watson holds it up, and looks at his wrist. He takes the reins in hand again, as the water horse rumbles lowly, again the sound Sherlock can feel in the stirrups tucked under his feet. Redbeard quivers. “What about it?”
why he changed his mind.” John’s feet track on the pavement beneath the overhang. A few steps away. A few steps back. Angry pacing.
Lestrade stands at Sherlock’s side outside the Yard’s white fencing, arms crossed. He fixes John with a meaningful look. “Mainland bloke like that, most of them pack up when they’re done here. Go back.”
“Because!” Moriarty cries. He wrests Sherlock by the hair back to the ground and Sherlock’s head snaps back, neck throbbing violently. His leg lashes out and he thrusts a foot into Sherlock’s abdomen, blooming bright warm pain. “I am
John’s other hand dips down, splaying over his thigh, and presses hard, sinking into the flesh that is clad in Sherlock’s trousers, while his face is taking avidly to the length of the tendon dropping down Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock gasps, sudden, and his hands come up to hold onto the sides of John’s head, needing desperately to grasp something. The drag of John’s unshaven face against the sensitive nerves near the surface of his skin makes him shiver.
Mrs Hudson’s house (and subsequently, Sherlock’s, for the next year, when Mycroft’s forward payments catch up with Sherlock) is very far away from town. It’s on the windward side of the island, and strong breezes always rip through the screen doors when they come through. Birds nestle in the attic above the two-stall stable, and all the sides in the house heave with the weather.
“Yes. Keep up, John.” Sherlock steeples his fingers. No wonder John is disquieted by the fact he left the book, Sherlock had read its contents. If he bothered ever writing down his thoughts about John, he would feel compromised, too.
It’s a standing man, his feet placed shoulder width apart. The knight is facing forward. The ruffled-looking hair is painted silvery blond. Sherlock decides it hasn’t been painted over, and the original forger made it so that this knight was to be depicted as a middle-aged man. How is that relatable to children?
Four thousand people, all crammed onto a rocky crag jutting from the sea, and you’d think someone would be clever enough to set up an address system.
“Picked a helluva season, then. This year's going to be fast,” she says. She looks at John very prettily, which Sherlock distinctly does not like. “Oh, you picked a helluva boy, too. Five-time champion of the Scorpio Races, what a man.” No doubt that she had overheard their conversation is in Sherlock's mind, he rolls his eyes, but still feels his cheeks heat as if he were in the bright sun.
Henry, task completed, dismisses himself from John and him. Tomorrow morning, he’ll be back for John. He disappears amongst a group of tourists on bicycles, amongst the music drifting through Skarmouth’s centre.
The birds are suspended in the air, Hope’s expression melts in a single point of an instant, people freeze, and then—
“You would have been too old to do repairs.” Sherlock touches the wall. Some paint chips. Disinterested, he brushes it off his fingers.
At the end, the weeping family members and friends of the dead rider have gathered around the ash and scraps of burnt-out bonfire, spitting low at their ankles still, ready for another body to burn, more wood to eat, and, by tradition, they should stay here until it goes out entirely. Sherlock waits along the edges of the cliffs, waiting for John, who approaches a moment later.
Sherlock sniffs, and clutches the wet papers in his grasp with more conviction, still gently enough to not let the flimsy material rip. “I don’t have my license.” He wonders if the pen will smear in his grasp, and holds them even gentler.
It’s quicker this way, he rationalizes a moment later when John taps his stomach to prompt Sherlock to lift his hips, better that John undress the both of them because Sherlock certainly cannot be trusted with anything involving coordination.
He allows the man to barely leave the room with his prize, feels John relax beside him, and turns, “That’s our file, John.”
“Check the cabinets,” He says, studying the blackness further in the room, “below the desks. I’ll check the back.” The shadows behind the slots are very dark, and with no windows, Sherlock is going to have to take great, painstaking care to find the right files. If they’re even back there. More dusty crates are sat on top of Anderson’s work bench, mountains of unsorted mail. Maybe…
Just there, the corner of a faded envelope, and a seal that he cannot make out from the poor quality, save for a glossy, trademarked
The gun had already been fired when she jumped. Why didn't I see it? John would never forgive her. Not for
The rain hits Sherlock again, wetting him to the bone. The towel around his waist threatens to slip, and he tucks in the edge once more. How can he help? With the scream as loud as it is, he cannot hear the thoughts in his own head. John keeps walking, though, John must have a plan. Has something like this happened before? The comment about Gladstone’s manure - is this some tactic based around that theory? What good will this do now?
He assumes it’s sheep’s blood. He’d be able to tell if he was closer, if he had time to tell if the blood patterns slipped back together or congealed in a certain way - proteins give it away. But he doesn’t have time. A century ago, it was a man who the riders slaughtered, as Fletcher recounted. It’s not the case anymore. Good. The island would run out of men.
“Training reports…” Sherlock mumbles as he drops off the last wooden step. It creaks after his weight’s left it.
One of the mill workers below extends a hand up for Sherlock to take. He’s wearing a traditional scarf, like a lot of women and men on Thisby tonight. Sherlock crinkles his nose, and goes on, feeling the need to justify himself. “It’s not in the rules. There’s nothing saying I can’t race my horse in the rules. I’ve read them all.” A few chuckles break out. There are a lot of rules. Sherlock can’t bear to look at Adler, or at Watson.
Sherlock tries to ask John what his plan is, because he clearly has one, but he doesn’t get the chance - outside, a gun fires. The screaming does not stop. John clips a braided lead onto the ring of Gladstone’s uncharmed halter, twists the rope around his hand, and pulls. Gladstone throws his head back, yanking John up and off the ground for half a second, then drops it again, moving forwards as soon as John has his footing back. Gladstone is already wet. He has not yet been outside.
Sitting on the grain-sprinkled floor between great big bags of sifted, unbleached flour, he watches the half-dozen working ovens built into the wall across the small room, as per Molly’s request. ‘
Lestrade looks wearily at them both. Then, back inside the station, where the cold is seeping in. He seems less than a minute away from dragging them both in by their bootstraps and questioning until the sun has risen. However, Sherlock can tell by his outfit, the short coat and vest, his riding trousers, that he does long to be on the racing beaches come early morning with his
Lestrade keeps out of his path. “We’ve been looking at the sword, it seems able to deliver the kind of fatal injuries we’ve seen with the other murders.”
He’s said it wrong - he’s extended his hand the wrong way, stuttered, messed up the order of the words, he’s done something wrong, but Irene would tell him, wouldn't she?
Moriarty’s elegant offices are north of the stables by just a way, holding rooms upon rooms with fans and heaters and posh things that John hates to look at. Even the ornate and fashionable front door seems to stare at him for his lack of wealth, looking over his palm on the handle as if to ask him what his business is here. In all his years employed here, more than ten, he’ll never get used to it.
The salt in the air blows his tail against his hide and mane against his neck, gaining his interest, and he lifts his chin, stretching out his lips, mule-like, to scent the sea.
charges through the wet sand, soft ocean spraying around her hooves. Sherlock looks, but he can’t spot Mary.
Mycroft would think very little of him for falling in love. It would not matter that John is unattainable, only that Sherlock had opened himself up enough to feel what he does. Why should he ever have done that? Oh, the berating that he would be subjected to, how he may call Sherlock an idiot, stupid, paling in comparison to himself, a moron who has fallen in love with the idea of Island magic.
“Right, ho,” Says John, not listening. His dark cloak flows elegantly around the backs of his ankles as he moves, stepping near the edge of the table and looking far down to the carpet. In daylight, out of the shadow of the castle towers and harsh window light, the minuscule rivulets of chainmail glimmer on John’s chest in a stripe between edges of his pinned red cloak.
Snapping the door closed, Sherlock throws himself into the sofa, falling into cushions that are not nearly as comfortable to be on top of as the man that lay here just hours ago. He could turn on the radio, study his photographs and the evidence that that blasted man from last night had tried so hard to be rid of. He tries. doesn’t feel right to go and obtain the other wolfsbane envelope without John, who is the reason for the discovery at all.
He would never dare to do this if there was any chance of danger, but… Sherlock ducks beneath Gladstone’s powerful neck, held high and tight, to scan the entirety of the scene.
Heart in his ears, beating as quickly as the tide comes after the capaill, he rounds another corner after the figure, who is just disappearing behind another turn. Damn Skarmouth and all her twists! A woman rounds the corner, and Sherlock nearly shoves into her, she shrieks, and from behind him again, he hears John shout an apology to her.
“I put them outside! No hope in you putting them where they belong!” He won’t even begin to shout back that it wasn’t his fault John left them where he did.
Sherlock’s fingers slip over John’s. He can feel each ridge of his fingerprints, the solid, soft warmth that Sherlock exudes when wanting to be gentle. John makes an effort to squeeze or twitch his fingers, but his nerves don’t respond appropriately. A wave of concern washes over him like the black tide from his dream, worry over the drugs that had caused such a dream, but a nurse is heard clicking her heels and John slips back under again.
“There’s…” John starts out with, “I…” He shakes his head. His hands work to pull Sherlock’s face to him, and down, and he kisses Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock looks at the folds in John’s trousers, around the bend in his knee.
John twists them, and Sherlock flinches like he’s been struck, gasping as if there is no air in the flat. They twist again, purposefully, the first hint that John is thinking of the near future.
John Watson came from the mainland, many years ago. Sherlock can read it in his watch. Watson believes in Thisby’s charms, but not in using them on his giant black stallion. His hand shakes sometimes, but not others, and Sherlock theorizes it’s the adrenaline kicking through Watson’s system that steadies his hand. Now it is still. He’s survived five years of racing. Maybe more. How will this year be for him? How will Sherlock’s first?
John holds tighter to the reins that he leads the giant black horse with, twisting braided leather around his palm and whispering into the wind. Murray had been keeping Gladstone outside of town for the morning, near his tourist trap of a shop,
What does Moriarty know about John’s involvement with Sherlock? He knew enough to be confident that Sherlock would be accompanying him this evening at the funeral, even when Sherlock hadn’t planned on it. Thanks to Sherlock, he’s aware of the effect John has, but what about the reverse? What does Moriarty know about John’s feelings? John is incredibly bothered by the threat to Sherlock’s wellbeing.
She smiled. Her eyes were still red when she looked down at the box and pulled her hand, nails chipping blue, away. She sniffed, and in her rough, nasally voice, went on, “I think it’s just the way he likes to meet people.”
stops shuddering and whining. Its ears prick and alertness seems to flood back into its eyes. It’s still facing forward, feigning disinterest. “You were a veterinarian there. Can't much do that now, not with that shaking.”
Something in him is thrumming, and yet his heart refuses to beat. His head is full of saltwater, rushing in from his ears, amplifying the puttering of the crowds around them on the cliffs. Scorpio drums are pounding over the sulky blows of the wind into chalk, beating out a familiar rhythm to tune along to the final race.
The main cavern opens up shockingly wide underneath the island, carved from hard stone, and has high walls that stretch far above Sherlock’s head, far higher than even Gladstone’s neck would reach, were he down here with them. Fitting against the sides of this chamber are smaller, darker spots, black tunnels that run deeper into the island. How far into Thisby’s ground do they go? Sherlock peers curiously into them, unable to see more than a few meters down, and imagines a work of these mazes running beneath Mrs Hudson’s house, under the tavern and Hooper’s Bakery, under the Stockyard, everywhere.
Redbeard whuffs, sending snot over the grasses. He had better not be getting ill. After all, Sherlock will be racing no matter what, now that Moriarty has commended it. It’s that, or John won’t be able to buy Gladstone if, or, when, rather, he wins. Convinced Moriarty will use any excuse to stop John from leaving his sphere of influence, Sherlock sneers. What a pesky fly. What a smart, clever pesky fly.
Something magic is gripping him. It’s wound tight around his heart, cast a net of frail spiderwebs and tugging downwards to the core of Gladstone.  It’s the capall, trying to take him, and Sherlock’s mind briefly contemplates the idea of jumping off the island atop this horse, returning them all to the sea where they belong.
Unsure of what the champion means, Sherlock looks back to him, silhouetted by the tumultuous ocean while facing Skarmouth’s folksy frontier.
“John!” Sherlock exclaims, and they burst into movement, sprinting to cover the man’s tracks and pouring into the lively street, leaping through oncoming cars.
“I'm not racing now,” Sherlock grits his teeth into a barren smile. The wind festers and slits his throat. It sings through the sharp blades of grass. More raindrops begin to spatter on Sherlock’s face.
John is right. But Sherlock cannot shake this utter conviction he has, that it is truly Moriarty that brought the dagger and the plant’s poison to the island. There is no evidence, besides John seeing the dagger in the Stockyard’s owner’s hands. Even then, as Moriarty is not a racer, it is legal for him to hold, if illegal to purchase. He remembers how much blood had soaked into the sandy lining of Beryl’s stall, how clean the wound must have cut to allow such spillage. He remembers how similar Gladstone’s black coat and Beryl’s bay one look in the stormy-dark.
“Perhaps a bit tipsy. Maybe then I'll get you to open up.” A pregnant pause, Sherlock's cheeks start to color. John stumbles, losing his composure for the first time in awhile, because his face has dropped. He coughs, “About the Races. About why you're racing.”
"Sorry, I'm sorry." John sounds muffled, not releasing. Perhaps John needed this reassurance just the same as Sherlock.
It isn’t like the feeling he gets from John taking his arm, from John’s warm breath against the back of his neck. It is the feeling he gets from standing too close to Gladstone’s mouth.
Even to the person he may have mattered to. His worst fears manifest themselves in each pocket of Sherrinfort. Each shadow holds a new creature made of prickling, crackling dread. Things lurk in the top corners of the metal rooms - they aren't malicious, and they don't do anything, but they watch him.
The men on the beach are confused, Sherlock can feel their idiocy saturating the damp air. Redbeard must be accustomed to the sea and learn not to fear it if they're to have any chance in the Races come the first of November.
The American client prods him a bit more about Moriarty’s whereabouts while giving him more hard, fond pats. Well. John knows they’re meant to come off as friendly and nice, but John doesn’t want to be touched by anyone that is lacking Sherlock’s… anything, right now.
Stragglers behind them are beginning to break through the fighting, but no one overtakes Gladstone and Redbeard. Emboldened by the
“Okay, okay,” John says, breathless. His dry hand comes down to touch Sherlock’s face, trailing it over his brow and into his hair, smearing sweat on sweat. Sherlock swallows, throat bobbing. John pulls his fingers from Sherlock, uses the same hand to stroke himself until his shoulders slope and shudder, which feels incredibly filthy.
Sherlock is on the cusp of a snappy retort to expose this, but his body betrays him and he yawns. His muscles are weak, responses lethargic, his hip flexors are sore. He
Cheap gas sputters and gurgles in the engine. Then there's the Skarmouth near the cliffs by the sea, just far enough away so that chunks of rock that litter the sand far below won't take any buildings with them.
and rider have bumped into them, the giant horse rearing back its ugly mottled head, slits appearing on its wet neck, gasping for air.
Sherlock manages a dumb nod, eyes wet. “Yes,” he rasps when John doesn’t look to him. John is here, John is here.
He's not a religious man. He doesn't believe the answers are gifted from above, or that they can be found in a building.
John goes back to the Races, “Why first place? Why not second, or third? A mainland ferry doesn't cost that much.”
“You don't remember?” John questions, laying a pair of short, loose… Sherlock’s face heats again. He’ll be wearing John’s
Now, what to wear over this shirt? Nothing pressed, it’s cloudy today and may rain, but his favorite heavy long coat is still upstairs drying. Maybe Mrs Hudson can help him with it.
Sherlock, snapped from his daze, struggles through the water and the sand to the dunes. He needs to get out. An easy meal, easy prey, something caught in the tide and being dragged out by it, a fragment of a shell torn by the water.
“Which mare?” John asks, before moving to the girth strap. Sherlock has always found it funny, how long the girth strap has to be for it to loop around the big bellies of the massive horses. The saddles looks like toys atop the beasts, but they are as big and real as Redbeard’s.
A flock of white gulls catch the air currents in wide wings and ride the wind along the edges of the cliffs. The ocean laps at Redbeard’s knees,
“Because everyone else wants to see how violent they'll be this year, and no one wants to test it out first for themselves.”
To his immense surprise, John’s shoulders slope. Relief. “I was joking about the kicking-you-out bit. I wouldn’t. I’m…” John scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah. Don’t - you don’t have to look like that.”
Sherlock glances to the flat’s door. He hopes he isn't going mad. Perhaps he is. He says to the knight, not loudly, “I'm not a giant. You are very small.” He settles on his knees.
“Christ,” John swears, his breath fanning over Sherlock’s throat. Resounding shivers quake up Sherlock’s chest, making his grip shudder. He tightens his arms around John, the warmth in the room no longer enough. John says, as if hit with the ridiculousness of it all, “You’ve still got your shoes on.”
are no different, turning over the breakers in fast-formed herds that dissolve as quickly as the waves.
Sherlock’s heart hammers. He searches his memory but it all comes up blissfully blank. What could he have let slip while his brain was a puddle? “John, I…”
Gladstone is standing stiffly, and has a glazed look in his eye and a tilt of his head and ears that means focus on a horse. When he’s not looking at Sherlock, he seems mild, but Sherlock is not fooled and Sherlock cannot trust him. Gladstone is looking into the rain and into the distance but has not forgotten about Sherlock, not for one second.
“It does,” John snaps. “It does matter. Of course, yes, it matters. It all matters, because he’s doing this to get to you.” He shakes his head, surveys the aisle, and takes Sherlock’s hand, fitting his fingers between Sherlock’s, forcing Sherlock to step closer. John tips his head back to look up at him as they lean together.
Gladstone’s lips wrinkle back, exposing crushing yellow teeth. John runs his hand along Gladstone’s sweaty back, sliding over the crushed saddle. He trails his hand steadily down the injured rear leg, stopping at a point up high above the hock. His face falls, and Sherlock knows the leg is broken.
Sherlock investigates the empty house, John shadowing him like a nervous estate agent. John hangs Gladstone's broken bridle over the mantle, unwashed and smelling of saltwater.
“No water horse will ever be tamed,” John says. The wind blows his fringe back, showing off the array of colours in his hair, silver and brown and blond and grey, and he's squinting against it.
He pulls John’s jacket tighter over his shoulders, lengthening his cold strides. The liquor he had consumed no longer warms his gut.
John stands and stretches, and Sherlock’s frustration lessens considerably as he takes in John’s naked torso and the smooth, hard muscles in his hair-grazed thighs.
“Epona above,” Lestrade curses, looking to the sky before running a hand over his face. Sherlock scowls again. “You said you’ve solved it?”
More anxiety-inducing than him, clutching John’s hands during the night of the storm, and more heart-stopping than giving his blood at the rider’s parade, or last night when John gripped him tight. But it seems so natural to say it, so bloody and so real, a valid statement he has let loose into the world and cannot recapture.
Oh, there's that voice. The little wobble in it. Sherlock’s upset her. His brow creases, confused as ever at the open display of emotion. She places her wrinkled hand on his. His throat tightens inexplicably. Must be the uncomfortable warmth of the room.
, unable to bite his lip and stifle it quick enough. John kisses where he can, his stubble dragging luxuriously across Sherlock’s skin as he thrusts once more, establishing a slow and rocking rhythm.
Everything he needs is at his fingertips a few furlongs away. John beside him, doubtless and strong, Redbeard throwing himself onward beneath. Supernatural muscles flex beneath Gladstone’s shivering hide, working hard to keep pace.
“Yeah. Can't help it. Keep Redbeard straight,” John thrusts his pencil at the air, making a straight line in nothing, “and you may actually have a chance.”
The paper gulls are starting to dislodge their paralysis. Thin feathers twitching, filaments made from the news of last year.
In his anger that night, Sherlock shoves expensive hay into Redbeard’s stall and crossly runs the hose to refill the water bucket without emptying out the stale rest of it from this morning. He also feed Josephine a handful of expensive oats, because she’s old and deserves kindness even when Sherlock is angry.
Moreover, it’s not quite a torrid affair. Neither is it a crime of passion. It’s premeditated, and Sherlock adores it.
“My laptop. It’s a computer. A machine. They would’ve had simple enough machinery in 1938, don’t stop sticking to your character now, Mycroft.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, typing John’s supposed name in the search engine. Nothing relative shows up, not even when he searches for
It’s Anderson, the notary, with his feeble brown beard caked in scraggly shadow and firelight. He whistles again. Sherlock doesn’t like his expression or the fantastical bright red and yellow costume he’s wearing, or the way the wind plays with all the bright layers as he prowls closer to Sherlock. There are other people around. Surely Anderson wouldn’t be so stupid as to do something with witnesses about.
And the Thisby men are beginning to spend their days by the shore, watching the waves for the crests that appear before a
“Because they’re all in love with the ocean.” Gladstone hasn’t stopped moving since the crow hop. His neck is arched, too. He looks ridiculous as he preens for Sherlock and Redbeard. "They only want to get back to it. And they're hard to catch, and they're fast."
The mill’s that way. So’s the Stockyard. Watson must’ve come from there. This must be where he rides his water horse in preparation for the Races. It isn’t a bad spot. There’s light right now and less wind than on the side Sherlock is most often on.
Still, Sherlock’s mouth pops open. He struggles, then, “The rain won’t be enough to wash the powder burns from your fingers.”
He gazes out to the ocean, like a competitor will rise from the wild sea, his hair lifting away from his face and light blue eyes shaded with color against the white-chalk background. He doesn’t see Sherlock, even though it would be impossible to miss a man standing just offshore on the first of November. John’s only a length away from where the waves are rippling the sand hard and firm, the only man daring to be so close to the sea.
John goes on, “As I was saying…” John gestures to the sword. “It’s almost new, you can see the etching up high on the blade, which isn’t something you do to
Sherlock tracks the grooves of John’s scar, drawing his fingers into the dips of mended tissue, committing their pattern to memory.
John glances away from him, staring up at the lamp. “Come on, I’ll bring you home.” He tucks the coat under his arm, seemingly unconcerned with how cold and wet it may make his side. “Are you alright?” John asks again, putting an arm close to Sherlock’s back to act as a guide.
A hand wraps behind Sherlock’s head, settling firmly against the nape of his neck, fingers tangling in the wind-thrown curls. There is a great pain in his centre, in the simple movements, the careful presses of the path of kisses that John is laying warmly over his neck, now, how it
“His office is past the stables on the north,” John directs, and they walk out of the stables. He can’t help but think of John crowding him back against the outside wall of his flat, of the rain that had soaked them both to the bone, of John’s hand tugging him, then.
“They’re children.” Of course. Grown men don’t often play with figurines in fake castles, even if there are rampant collectors of antiques in London. Sherlock almost can’t believe that he had considered tossing the castle. Maybe Sherlock will call someone about the floor scratches. The
? If Donovan is anywhere near whatever you want me to take a look at, because you clearly do need me to look at something, don’t do that drooling, moronic face in my--”
John’s arm is perfectly extended forwards, revolver aimed high at the man, the other hand holding Gladstone’s reins, keeping the connection between them. Gladstone is a statue. They’re both statues. Carved in marble, flawlessly exquisite, down to the last hair on Gladstone’s mane and tight line between John’s concentrated brow. His skin looks like wet gold.
Two companions accompany Hope this time around, a seasoned racing pair, as if Hope knows that quarreling with John will end up in two bullets fired, and he's aiming to not have himself be one of the targets this time around. One of the men has only three fingers on one hand, his little and ring missing. Sherlock can see how the
The grey-eyed man’s bushy eyebrows rise and draw deep crinkles into his forehead. Then, he laughs, big guffaws that shake his shoulders and shift his clothes. “John Watson,” the man says, reaching forward to pat a hard pat on John’s jacket. His laughs subside, “Then I will have to bring any carnivorous fillies back for you and Mister Moriarty.”
Although it’s late for a cover, Sherlock pulls his mobile from his coat pocket and holds it up to the ear opposite John.
The first day, John handed Sherlock his heart. He's yet to get it back. So many attempts to uncover Sherlock, to remove the dust from where it's settled over the lonely years. (“
Sherlock looks away, because he thinks he can see something gurgle in her belly. Pale eyes sit high on a long head.
laughs. Sounds like it's back to being sunny, and John is suddenly someone that is not aloof and far away, but more grounded than anyone else on the island, “Do me a favor. Don’t let anyone shine your saddle, and don't let anyone else feed your horse.”
As he slips away from the masses, Sherlock sees Watson, once more that point of stillness, slip a small shell into his pocket.
ahead catch the salt and twist like snakes under their saddles and colors, lining for the water’s edge.
The mystery envelopes him. It carries him away like a high wind over moorland. Magic and miniature knights and enigmatic, ancient swords have flooded his haywire brain. How to solve a case that makes no logical sense.
It’s a few short hours before Sherlock wakes again. Perhaps it's due to the fact that his body is unaccustomed to another's heat, or lingering anxiety, or his erratic sleep schedule.
Sherlock holds up the planner to his face, ignoring the brash highlighter colours and the glittery pen in underline. He places it on the surface for John to see and points delicately to a location penciled in graphite at the edge of the paper, on the margin. A quick note to herself, meant to be erased and penned in later, a location matching to other notices in the planner. She's been there before.
In the light of the streetlamps and paper lanterns, with his arm outstretched, Sherlock can see the photographs fly down, all black and greyscale shadows, they are invaluable, he cannot lose them, and he makes a split-second decision before they even touch the water at the bottom of the quay, before the wind takes them.
peers down its sloped nose at Sherlock silently, tracking his movement down the aisle. An empty stall that used to hold Beryl passes by, and the long shadows stuffed into high ceiling corners take the shape of Moriarty’s figure.
Sherlock is doing all of this for John. It began on a whim for his curiosity, for Mycroft and Mrs Hudson’s house, but now. Now, he races because it is necessary for him to, for John’s happiness found in the monstrous Gladstone. He swallows, thick, and Moriarty grins wider. This is what he’s meant to do, sew doubt into his head, wrap around his working memory and choke him. There is no way to rid the island of only the spider. Sherlock must extinguish the entire web, each and every radiation of the centre.
FINALLY another chapter, this took awhile because, while writing, I decided to restructure, exactly, where every plot point was going to go, and thus added an extra chapter, the whole thing coming to 25 chapters, instead of 23
Sherlock approaches, and touches the edge of the hard wooden desk. Moriarty’s eyes linger on his fingers, where they slip against the smooth grain of polish. Sherlock glances up, a question in his eyes, but he does not vocalize it. A distraction.
John pulls away for a moment, his eyes still closed, and breathes a laugh against Sherlock’s mouth. “All I taste is salt,” he says. The hard line of his palm is still sturdy and comforting and affectionate against Sherlock’s face, his other a warm bloom over Sherlock’s neck.
It is this small action that makes him realize that John has a much more dangerous weapon in his hands than a gun.
Nodding, Watson glances up at the sky, and Gladstone picks that opportune moment to wring his serpentine neck forwards again, following the swivel of his ears, to regard Sherlock. The movement is so quick that Sherlock only registers it after it’s happened. Sherlock stares right back at the horse, and soon enough, Gladstone seems more interested in Watson’s foot than Sherlock, contorting his face back to nudge at Watson’s boot in the stirrup, high up on the horse’s belly. Sherlock sees Redbeard’s mannerisms in that move.
“My brother - he moved to the mainland - sent the rent and board money in the monthly post. For years. He was very exact, paying for the month he sent it during, and the next, paying it forwards,” Sherlock remembers this, definitely. Mycroft sent checks that Sherlock couldn't cash. “The payments stopped a few months ago. I despise my brother,” Sherlock says, because it's necessary to stretch that point and define it sharply, “But he would not drop off the face of the earth for no reason.”
Two hundred and fifty is unattainable. John crosses his arms and shifts his stance, knowing full well there is no hope in trying to physically intimidate Moriarty into changing his price. He remembers Sherlock saying something about playing a game. Just as there’s no hope in changing Moriarty, there’s none in understanding Sherlock and his metaphors, those realizations of his that sound so cryptic to John’s untrained ears.
The expanse of the rock isn’t small, but Hope sidles close anyways. He turns to the crowd, seeking a parody of jury appeal and attempting to look reasonable, “Some rules are just too big for paper.” He holds his hands out, like there’s nothing he can do about it.
Sherlock scoffs, a sound that breaks embarrassingly in his throat. “Are you going to walk me through your entire morning routine?”
He turns his head, regarding the area around them. On one side, where they’d come up from the cliffs after the funeral, there’s the quay and the railing, the same area where Sherlock had gone in after the stolen file. There’s a few smokers chatting about something or another by the bicycle racks. Sherlock and John stand at the edge of the Skarmouth town, behind the buildings. Through the alleyways around them, those that lead deeper into town, rhythmic music beats lightly through the chill.
A man who’s cheating on his wife with the man walking next to him laughs, and says something about it being too early. Both of them leave the beach the way Sherlock came down, stumbling on the grassy dunes.
For a small snatch of time, you can see the ocean before the cliffs rise up and fall down again, crazed water far closer than it is at the racing sand. The waves all smack against each other, whitecaps slapping over and melting back into the high breakwaters. Some groups of mussel-covered rocks have water foaming around them, and one dark spot past the shallows rises up and slips back under, flaring a red-brown spine and a head before it’s gone.
It’s not Mary looking at the dog before she tore it apart, all predator and blood. But it’s still glazed-over interest. John should not trust Gladstone. He does.
John’s slow pushes into Sherlock do nothing to stop the tightness in Sherlock’s throat, his stomach, his thighs - everything shakes. Sherlock fights a desperate sob, clinging to John. Oh, everything is agonizing - the expert snaps that John thrusts into him with, the relentless heat on his back from the twisted duvet, the dim glow of sweat on John’s face in the half-light.
Janine is looking at him from behind the bar, and she's not the only waitress or bartender around, but she suddenly has eyes only for him. And then John beside him. She finishes up the order she's attending to, and Sherlock is too slow to come up with a plan to leave, because the next moment she smiles at the dumbstruck drunk and slips away from him with a tip. Towards them she comes.
“Do you know how that felt, when, when I…” John shakes his head, twisting his hand into the chest of his jacket. He connects with Sherlock’s eyes. They are startlingly cobalt. John’s voice comes to him from the cliffs, as if it were a dream.
“Your pony is frightened, Sherida,” The man on the chestnut says, and presses his horse close again, hard and knocking against Redbeard, so close Sherlock can taste the stench of sun-bloated seals and baked kelp on rocks after high tide.
Someone snags his shoulder, dragging him back around the slots and down to his knees with rigid strength and a bump. It’s John — his dark blue eyes focused on the door, which is visible through the wooden compartments, just the faintest gleam in his eyes from the very faint light coming from the hallway windows. They are situated between the compartments and many of the boxes, some open and apart from Sherlock’s efforts.
He cranks the lever to close the cracked window on his side. It’s freezing. The car growls angrily beneath them.
With a care that makes Sherlock bite the inside of his cheek, John ties the band of matching scarlet colours around Sherlock’s upper arm after Sherlock shrugs off his coat. John knots the fabric, but keeps his hand present. It bunches the thin material of his shirt, clashing with the dark blue.
Lestrade had once offered him a job, after Sherlock had Mrs Hudson’s drug dealing husband executed out on the continent. The job Lestrade offered was to find out who’d been stealing money from the gift shop in town. It was too easy - it was the wife of the owner, who was promptly divorced. Sherlock doesn’t know whether or not she still lives on the island. Doesn’t care.
Though Sherlock only has so much time before the Races finish and he loses John’s interest, he thinks he’ll keep this memory for a long time to come.
Sherlock’s body immensely and at once misses the comfort of John’s solid figure beside him, and finds himself longing to banish the steps John has taken to walk from him and cover the distance again. It is a feeling not unlike his desolate hunger after the pub, where they had raced after the file thief together, as if all the world existed to be between them. John’s hand had covered his, real in the tavern in front of Lestrade, and so,
Half of John’s face, the portion turned towards the great expanse of water past the sheer drop of the chalk cliffs, is cast in bright orange light. Sherlock marvels, for a moment, over the shadows contrasting this color on the other side of his expression. It brightens and shades secret areas, ones that Sherlock has never since been allowed to stare at. The impulse to sit and study John’s face for days surges within him.
Moriarty’s eyes dance in merriment, and he smoothes back his dark hair. “I have him, Sherlock, and so, I have you, too.” Poignant, perfect, an accurate portrayal, Sherlock shifts his stance. “I love a damsel in distress. That’s what Mr Magnussen says. You know I own half the island, but you don’t know
Except, this doesn’t register because the anger from earlier has returned with a vengeance, flushing his face and drowning his mind in white noise. It’s bad enough Moriarty is ever near Gladstone. He won’t ever allow him near Sherlock. Salary be damned.
has more speed than an island horse can ever dream of. Every one does. Watson leans forward, and they gain more ground, fast. Sherlock can see no more than a black blur ahead of them, the white on Watson’s shirt ruffling and sticking out.
The blonde mare tosses her head back, wailing like the dead, and Sherlock can see both sets of teeth, hers and the man’s with whom she struggles, bared. But only one set is bloody and frothing. People grow closer, trying to help, shoving around him, and the mare’s hooves pound against the sand, prancing and charging and galloping without moving an inch.
The riders stayed as far away from each other’s mounts as they could without being far from the starting line, afraid to come close. Their bright armbands, cloth tied on their upper arms and draped between blankets and saddles to allow the spectators to see their bets better, stood out among the whites, browns, beiges, blacks and whites of the water horses.
Lestrade’s brows raise, creating wrinkles in his forehead. His mess of spiked grey hair raises in dawning realization.
Others who escaped the struggle at the starting line aren’t so distracted. Seasoned riders are well-practiced at this game, and are gaining ground ahead of Sherlock. From back here, he can see the leering that
John retorts, “I’ve got five already, don’t need one for fingers.” He stands. His left hand clenches and unclenches, thoughts rolling over in his head. Sherlock scowls up at him, and John sighs. John rubs his face with a hand. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped. Please. Just, tell me what’s the matter. Is it the Races?”
An entire paper could be written on what the island smells like during racing season. He's always raised a bitter lip to it, the scent of Claire de la Lune, the popular perfume that the mainland women wear, the scent of burning rubber and hot garbage, the alcohol of various contents that gets vomited onto the street corners. The seasonal food. The drummers throb and Sherlock snakes up against the side of a building to let them pass as they go on through their clubbing on stretch-spattered-skin. A few tourists get caught up in the procession, and laugh and go along with it, clapping.
Tourists begin to spill into Thisby. Their ferries will arrive and they will bustle away from the ocean as quickly as their fat legs could carry them to their inn. Their golden pocket watches will undeniably rust here, under the influence of the salty winds - if they don’t get stolen, first. Sherlock doesn’t know why they bother bringing them in the pockets of their waistcoats. Gold chains hang from their necks or earlobes, and diamonds shine as bright as the sun on water on their wrists. It is always easy to find a tourist, as it’s not inexpensive to visit Thisby.
Since he has only now received access to all of John, his lips, his secrets, his mind, Sherlock’s frown deepens into a scowl. “No,” He says, tilting his chin up. The impact of this attempt at his usual, intimidating glare is lessened due to the fact that the skin beneath his jaw is red and flushed, evidence of John’s work.
It was him, Moriarty, looking for Gladstone that night, and instead finding Beryl. It was his dagger that sealed her fate by drawing her blood, his hand that drew the iron line across the inside of her thigh, slicing the perfect weapon with a practiced expertise.
Snapping out of the spectacle, Sherlock elbows his way through the tourists and islanders who have come to watch the champion be saddled by someone who isn't John. Why is this happening? Had John slipped away for a day and had Hope gone to steal Gladstone from where he was at the Stockyard?
Sherlock swallows, finding his voice high and uneasy. He clears his throat. “Why should it matter that I love him?” He asks, heedful. But he already knows -- Gladstone is an enormous part of John, and yet a separate entitiy entirely. This horse means everything to John, and John likely means very little to it in turn.
in front of them darts closer to the water, and Redbeard sweeps past it, charging hard despite Sherlock pulling desperately on his bit that the leather might snap. White noise is hissing in his ears, the roar of the crowd.
Hesitantly, John sets his fist on Sherlock’s chest. He taps it lightly on Sherlock’s sternum. This feels better than the cloth on his face, intimate where the handkerchief was brusque. John rasps, “I care. I cared about him. I didn’t want him gone, I didn’t want him hurt, hm? But I would rather have you. Every time. I - want you to know that.”
John’s house has sat unused and unvisited for decades. Compact and faded blue, it blends in to the light-washed Thisby sky around it. There is a small stable out back, just off the unbeaten road. It’s quiet, out here, but at night Skarmouth’s glow is visible against the dark.
“Sure.” She crouches, shuffling through papers under the counter, and Sherlock feels like everyone is looking at him while she is. Stamford is of little comfort, more of a wall between him and the eyes of others than anything truly helpful.
He pays them no mind, really, stepping right to the desk lamp and twisting its metal, bulbous head so he can study the envelope in good light. John leans over one shoulder, Lestrade, curious, over the other.
“The man who died,” he nods to Sherlock. Lestrade seems irritated, and focuses an alcohol-induced glare at Sherlock, as if Sherlock had been the one to tell John about the murder. “I was with you in the bakery yesterday morning, Sherlock. I do look at the papers, I listen to the news, Mr Lestrade,” he defends Sherlock a bit with that, which makes him feel better. He continues, “There was red all over his face.”
“Where were you?” Sherlock demands the moment John arrives. His long black boots have been cleaned, and his waistcoat conceals the chest of his long-sleeved white shirt. His tanned wrists and face are of great contrast to the white fabric, which only makes him look more strapping.
John slumps into the armchair across from Sherlock's. After a moment, he gets up, circles around to the back of it, and shoves it closer to Sherlock's.
John shifts even closer, “Whoever it is, he isn’t meant to be here.” His voice is very low and nearly inaudible, and Sherlock can smell the whiskey just as much as he can smell the dust and old wood oil and shoe polish down here in the corner. “Or they would’ve turned on the lights.”
Sherlock's back hits the shallow water, then the sand, a shock, and he's spitting salt and blinking it out of his eyes, scrabbling at the water. Blunt teeth tear at the front collar of his shirt, barely scraping his chest, dragging him along the sandy bottom of the beach and deeper into the surf. He can only see the wet grey of a fresh
if you’re in the mood to be transported to a tiny, cold coastal island, haunted by sea monsters and with a mind and magic of its own, i recommend giving it a listen. I created it back in september 2016, a few months after beginning this fic, and it’s been a great way to come up with scenes and ideas for our two boys.
This surprises Sherlock from his thoughts. “We’ll go down here,” He says again, and releases Sherlock’s arm. There’s a spot of warmth where his hand has left Sherlock’s jacket, and it takes a few seconds of high-level self-control to not take up John’s hand to replace it on his elbow again.
Some islanders say that the horses are all ghosts, after the Races. Seeking the land and finding no trouble, no hopeless men to drag away.
Obviously, no one is in the big building, but attracting the unwanted attentions of people outside wouldn’t be very clever. Just as well, an officer could come back at any time, hauling in some drunkard and flicking on every light in the place. That would not work out so perfectly for Sherlock and John. Quicker would be better.
A muscle at the corner of John’s jaw jumps as he clenches his teeth together. Blue shadows from outside the stable throw dark over his nose. “I told you. It’s all for you. He wants to distract you enough to get you killed on the sand the day after tomorrow.”
John smiles. His grin is self-satisfied, but tired. Minutely concerned, gaze lingering on Sherlock’s for too long. Weary, ready for another go-around in the highest-risk sport he could ever manage to become a key player in.
“It's a bit right,” The man on the writhing chestnut says, “Down on the beach, they say you could look like a girl from behind. All that hair.”
Redbeard heaves a breath beneath him, drawing his focus. Redbeard shudders from something entirely other than the cold. Yes, they’re alive, alive, as are the massive bodies working against each other, flashing yellow teeth and bitten shrieks, draped in bells and daisies. Riders yip and smack their mounts, working for attention, but they’re so close to the sea that it’s near impossible.
Abrasively, John tugs on Gladstone’s ear, twisting it and dragging their faces closer together. With his other hand, he shoves the water horse’s mouth away from him. Clearly, John can see what Gladstone has become in the wake of the screaming.
Gladstone hisses beside them. Sherlock flinches away, finding the long face swung ominously towards them. Square pupils regard them with rising fascination.
John pushes himself up with some trouble. He's sitting on the sofa now, looking bleary-eyed at Sherlock.
John Watson seemed so devastatingly ordinary when Sherlock first saw him. An expert with dangerous horses, a champion racer, but ordinary beneath that. John Watson is more than that, lethal and tender all the same.
There it is. The cat really is a clue, just not in the way Sherlock predicted. How stupid Sherlock was.
Another loud shout by the door, indecipherable language. Sherlock grumbles to himself, and sits finally, putting elbows up on the bar and drawing a notebook out of his coat where it was kept. He didn’t bring his newspaper with the cuttings of when John was trampled in the Races, people might think he was obsessed with the champion. Or something like that.
Sherlock’s head runs through all possible routes in approximately four and a half seconds. The nearest one is just on the other side of the buildings hanging onto the cliff behind him.
His hair is windblown from the beach, and in the strong artificial light, Sherlock can see that his hair isn't just blond, it's grey, too, equally light. There’s three-day stubble crawling over his cheeks, beneath his lips and nose, tapering out down his neck.
mean for this to be a one-off… he’s going to convey how stupid he is - how utterly in love he is. To lie is to ensure this never happens again, but to be honest is to endanger himself.
Sherlock swiftly clicks his magnifier lens away and sets his hand beside John wordlessly. John dutifully manages onto it, already practiced at slipping from sight. Sherlock rises to his feet and holds John up to the crook of his neck, feels John’s boot and his weight dip the scarf.
“I never make exceptions.” Sherlock acquiesce to their new, intimate touching, and mutters into John’s neck. He huffs out a hot breath and John resoundly shudders. “An exception disproves the rule.”
Sherlock’s breath catches. A roll of thunder is lost to the sound of the screaming, muted by these thin walls.
Sherlock is taken aback by this statement, and now harbors doubt about whether this figurine is a robot at all. Surely, Mycroft would tell him if some sort of shrinking technology had successfully been invented. Or, maybe he was waiting for the day that Sherlock needed that knowledge from him, and held it over his head as the reward to a favor or a case. “Your own world?”
He lets John lead him to the cliff edge anyways, and John looks over past the sea, as if seeing the low angle of the sun for the first time. “I suppose it has been a long while,” He agrees. Sherlock gets the distinct feeling that John is not referencing the time it’s been since he brewed the tea.
“I’ll have to see more of Moriarty’s lair,” Sherlock remarks, half for John’s benefit. “His web, it’s too complicated to untangle, the filaments are everywhere on Thisby, attached to everyone that owes him a debt. Pull one string,” Sherlock gives the list back to John as they walk towards the quay, Sherlock striding right up to the railing, “and you’ll alert the whole spider.”
Among the shine of lab light against the abdominal wall and part of the stomach lining, there is a small amount of half-digested food. Without asking, just as impatient, John stands to retrieve the rest of the papers, all half-dry.
Snorting, Sherlock complies with every demand. John hikes a leg up until his foot is in the elongated stirrup, there’s a scrape of outcropping rock, then he reaches up, fingers finding the edge of the saddle, and he’s up and sitting behind Sherlock before a handful of seconds have passed. Beneath them, Sherlock can feel the low shudder of excitement rushing through Gladstone.
Gladstone circles and screams behind them, high keening for the ocean in front of them — someone in the last of the crowd shouts, the champion horse shrieks again. He tastes sand and salt, Hope is dying—
He wonders if John waited for him, even if it was only for a few moments. Perhaps John never showed up at all, and he’ll come gallivanting into the scene today to apologize, and he won’t ever know that Sherlock wasn’t there, either.
John pushes on Sherlock’s inner thighs, and Sherlock tilts them back, drawing both his legs up and planting his feet on the mattress. Exposed, the rest of his nerves awaken, mollified only when John leans over him yet again, coats his hand with the lubricant and then his cock, and settles his weight on a forearm propped by Sherlock’s head.
The dead woman lies supine on the floor of the second-level sitting room. The red shag carpet is flattened haphazardly around her, and might have indicated the expert dance of a struggle if there weren’t the footprints of all officers who have trampled through this room mixed in. Evidence that could have been discovered in the filaments of rug are long gone by now.
“Is it him?” He strides casually to the side and positions his body between the castle on the floor and Lestrade at the entrance. The DI won’t be able to see over the castle walls from his place, but the addition of a safety net relaxes Sherlock considerably.
Energy fizzles in Sherlock’s blood, buzzing beneath his skin. It’s coming together. “Yes, definitely, a mistake has been made, and it isn’t
Redbeard munches noisily on the hay between his equine teeth. His ears merely flick towards the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
John sucks in a breath that Sherlock feels against his lips. He returns the pressure, kissing the corner of John’s mouth with a newfound gravity, and the short stubble above John’s lip makes Sherlock’s mouth tickle, dragging lavishly and reddening his pale skin. It makes him feel raw.
Sherlock intensely watches John study the sword. John touches his face in thought. The LEDs throw sharp contrast over his features, casting a shadow under his jawline and his nose. As he stands still, Sherlock can just make out the gold tint of his eyelashes against his cheek.
Mrs Hudson stares, then she puffs out her chest, the buttons on her purple blouse shining in the lamplight.
Sherlock’s heart squeezes in his chest, breaking ribs and pulling thick muscle. Something is wrong. Why has John taken him to this place? Why is he explaining these things to him?
“Henry,” Sherlock interrupts. He removes Moriarty’s letter from his pocket, kept tucked and secret in his coat since his meeting in Moriarty’s office and extends his hand knowingly. “Your pen.”
to ask. You understand this, we can abandon these mores. Does it ever bother you, living on an island? Surrounded by the wolves?” Moriarty taps a pen, one unlucky enough to have found its way into the crux of his fingers, in a beat against his desk. “Three days, until the Races.”
After a moment of confusion, Sherlock can see it. Up where the man’s hand is clutching Gladstone’s halter, not the reins. On Redbeard, Sherlock would keep his hand lower than that, and Redbeard doesn't require that much force to be moved, and doesn't have teeth that would maim him rather than lip at him in a friendly manner. He imagines Redbeard taken from him.
“Henry Knight, such a nice delivery boy,” Moriarty says. “You’re very clever. He’s done more delivering for me than you and he even know.”
It would be for John. The world comes collapsing back on top of him. They’re lying in bed together, naked, sated, and yet something is still unvoiced.
is happening, it… doesn't mean anything else. Sherlock swallows. No. He can't think that right now. He can do that later.
Hope looks at Sherlock. Sherlock does his best to stare back, but his hair is wet and in his face, so he’s sure he ends up looking more like a petulant child who fell into a pond than a threatening adult man who could murder Hope in over three hundred and twenty ways. Hope groans as he forces both hands onto the reins. Good. Sherlock wishes Hope hurts in the worst of ways.
“You don’t have to stay and watch,” Sherlock says, a repetition of yesterday. “It would be in the best interest for you to go home. Or stay talking to Mr
Resolving to clean out Redbeard’s stall tomorrow, to line it with the cheap hay, now useless, Sherlock proceeds into the house.
“You already know it’s him, Sherlock,” John says. His voice bounces around in the acoustics of the high, towering ceilings, against the rounded walls. Tiring of trailing after Sherlock, he seizes Sherlock’s elbow, stopping them. Sherlock narrows his eyes at John. John’s eyes are soft and vulnerable, deep blue in the church’s light. The candles on the walls flicker.
But then there's that point of stillness, darker than the black, a man with an expression as dim as the light. John Watson, just past a pair of men that Sherlock had been trying to get past. He's separated from the crowd, looking towards the cliff edge, merely steps away from falling off or standing where the ground could crumble, letting the wind blow back his fringe. He's looking out to the ocean, clearly waiting. There’s a mainland watch on his wrist.
He hadn’t realized he’d been idling. He obeys, and then John is removing his hand from his back, shifting away from him and Sherlock wonders if his knees will actually give out. John crosses the room in barely two strides.
Swimming with one arm, holding the surviving files above his head, he slowly strokes, wet and weighed down by the heaviness of his coat and clothing, to the side of the quay, striking his other hand out to grasp whatever he can of the high cement wall when his feet touch pebbles and sand. It’s shallower by the sides, so can wade, but it doesn’t help the fact that he’s still chest-deep in the sea. It’s good to be tall, sometimes.
Sherlock stares a moment longer, then glances away. John’s eyes are tired and sad, and Sherlock can’t bear to look at them anymore, so he looks at the knives in the glass case instead again. Each of them are long and twisted, entirely unassuming.
there. Dust settles in places where people don’t go, or where he shoves things to avoid dealing with them, but keeps. For whatever godforsaken reason. Sentimentality, he suspects with disgust.
don't have any right to go around talking about my horses like you have been! You walk around this island as if it exists only to have you on it!”
Those eyes dart down to Sherlock's mouth, no doubt looking at the split, which has ripped open. They flicker back up.
Reeling, Sherlock breaks away, gasping. Why is John doing this? It's all so sudden. His voice cracks. “But - he’s gone.”
“Henry,” John says as they come up, taking the reins up from the churchgoer. The man nods to him, John puts a few coins in his hand, and he goes off. Sherlock can tell by his walk, illuminated by lanterns of the town, that he’s going immediately to the tavern to spend this. There are voices and he can hear cars rumbling, but no one else is on the outside of town with the three of them.
They walk to the side of the cliffs, as close as they dare. The last thing Sherlock needs is for the chalk to crumble below their combined weight and deposit them on the sharp rocks and high tide below them.
a comedy. You should have started with a comedy. Tragedy is hardly fair.” John recovers the distance.
It's a pale day outside. Clouds pass in the bleak sky, and on the horizon, John can see a wood filled with old trees.
“They will ride,” Fletcher shouts, and the bonfire surges and snaps at the air, threatening to consume him, “By their blood, let the Races begin!”
“The sword,” John says. He pauses. His black boots tickle Sherlock’s skin as he turns around to face Sherlock. Metal armor clinks against John’s strong thighs. “Is that why you sent everyone away? Because I said something about the damned
Other tired riders begin to laugh and find relief in each other and their survival, but Sherlock pushes by until he has a view, sicker than he was before the Races began. The noise of the crowd makes his head pound.
jaw and whispers, asking for her to be quiet and easy today. Usually, she is the rush of fast sea foam, but she cooperates.
The white of the fence posts, red of the stables, and green of the healthy grass is a very pleasing color scheme, and surely it's planned to be inviting to rich mainlanders.
“They always come inland. You know this. Don’t be a moron. Though, it's late for that,” Sherlock smiles tightly as he reaches for the door handle.
comment makes more sense now, too, as children who the knight may have greeted in the past wouldn't have been smoking, even in 1938. As if any of this makes sense.
This is, truly, the man who loathed his presence in the Races so much, that he broke tradition and stood up atop the rider’s rock to try and bring Sherlock down. Sherlock looks to Hope’s company - this is the mill worker. He’s lacking his traditional scarf and garb that he wore to the festival, and he is no longer extending a hand to help Sherlock down from the rock. He looks more like he wants to shove him from the edge of the island, see him flayed out on the sharp rocks down below.
“Someone must have aconitine — powder, plants, enough evidence to convict if there is a motive found. Somewhere on this island, like the whalers. There should be a connection between the Stockyard and the docks somewhere. How often do you meet with any fishermen?”
Sherlock wrestles the reins to one side, throwing his elbow and hauling Redbeard closer inland as they go racing past the trio. They gallop near enough for Sherlock to see a rider go under the water, a
“You were born on the mainland where your family ran a failing dairy farm, you ran away from it for Thisby and its danger and you left the rest of your many siblings to do all of your hard work for you. You've no right to be telling me what to do and what not to do.”
“Can I see you again tomorrow?” John asks. John looks to him, scratching awkwardly at his cheek, which has a shadow of stubble over it. Sherlock can hear the scrape of fingernails over skin, now that the wind has done its damage, twisted Gladstone and allowed Sherlock to have a sense of faith. “Can I trust that you’ll be here?”
In a week, the beaches will be flooded with commotion. People will be selling fresh water horses or their catches from years past. Stray dogs will run between the crowds, tempting fate. Men will lose fingers, noses, hands, and pride.
Sherlock grins. A grin isn’t the appropriate thing to do at this moment, if Donovan’s expression of horror is anything to go by, but it’s all coming so swimmingly
“You’re only saying that because your cheating wife ran off there to be married to the Skarmouth gym teacher and you still hold out hope she’ll return…”
’ from tracing his script, the light from behind the grey clouds shifts, bright enough to be casting shadows on the grass for a second, and then gone again. The salt grass is almost flattened in the wind - Sherlock grips the warm thermos tighter.
The possibility of being found by someone who was distinctly not an officer hadn’t been foreseen by him. Damn.
eye. Wet. There is a flash of blunt teeth as it screams, the sound piquing into and interested rise. It’s seen him.
He pretends to slash through the air, stepping where the victim might have as she fell, deliberately bumping into Donovan. Little hands hold tight to his scarf as Sherlock flourishes but John can keep steady. “-- as he fought her, the cat hair on him brushed up onto her skirt. Got caught in the zipper.”
Moriarty slashes for him again, a horrible grin over his face, too-wide, like the water horses and their yellow teeth. The momentum it takes to avoid a gut-punch flings him back to the spattered ground, and Moriarty bends over him, clutching at his collar.
.’ God of horses, Epona, knew he wasn’t useful anywhere else. The pathetic thought swells in his chest like the tide, and he sneers at himself.
The miserable, lonely way that man had looked just last night, how John had seen him that way, sticks in his heart like sap. His chest squeezes just thinking of it.
Who goes undetected, just like that? Unnoticed, no attention taken, as they slip in and out of a bright bakery? Right in front of Sherlock Holmes, no less.
It makes him clench his teeth together, grinding his molars like Gladstone does. God, he needs to stop doing this so often. Forget Sherlock, draw the conversation from him. Why was he spoken of at all? What’s the point? What’s the game?
John watches him pull out the lock picks from his pocket. He raises his brow, surprised, the back of his head illuminated by a streetlamp across the way. “Are we not supposed to be here?” He asks, as if suddenly aware they’re breaking and entering. This late notice must be from his whiskey.
Sherlock's coat, John sees barely through his lashes, his heavy armor, lays carelessly half-across a chair, the collar touching the floor. He wears the face of a man who was presently losing the floor beneath his feet. And the shirt of one that had been up for many nights.
Gladstone raises his head, his lip twitching, little hairs illuminated by the world outside his window.
The sound of drums, crashing through a close-by alleyway. John turns, surprised at the sudden sound, and this is when the culprit bolts, a streak of black through small crowds of colorful people and bicycles.
He looks over to Watson. Gladstone is twisting and anxious below him, hard to hold. Sherlock again imagines that Gladstone can understand what’s about to happen, wishes he'd seen him in the Races before. When he starts picturing how striking John must look when he's putting immense effort into a race, he has to stop and push the cold back of his hand against his cheek to cool it off.
“It was,” Sherlock punctuates. No matter how dry he is, it feels as though his robe still clings to him with the cold.
Behind them is the hard pounding of sea-hooves turned into something solid, so Sherlock takes a big handful of Redbeard’s mane to keep the iron lengths from whipping and distracting him. Leaning low, Sherlock pushes his heels into the horse’s side -
Arsenic, mustard gas, cyanide, ricin, strychnine… Clearly it was ingested, which rules out the mustard gas and the gaseous form of cyanide - since there was no bitter-almond smell around the man’s face, or the area, no bleeding nostrils. No castor oil plants grow wildly on the island, no way for ricin to be developed from the seeds unless they were imported. That would leave records. Arsenic, cyanide, and strychnine seem to be the most obvious - but just picking one by that assumption could have disastrous results.
“He couldn't… send extra. It wasn't because he didn't have money. He had plenty of that, the bastard.” John laughs, and Sherlock can
The reply comes quickly, with John terse by his neck. "I have heard you before. The last dozen times."
Henry baulks. He had never been in danger, but anyone, even Sherlock, that witnesses such a blunt reminder that these horses do not abide by any time schedules, will not wait for a victim to finish a conversation before eating them, is certain to get it through their head. Those crushing teeth had been in Hope’s throat, what seems like only minutes ago.
John laughs at him. The champion smears the pattern of an old rune against Gladstone’s face, and the
It’s pre-renaissance, with a large courtyard and tall, stone-patterned walls surrounding it. There are towers on each corner, and a gatehouse leading to the outer court. There’s a chapel, a split drawbridge that is held up, and deep divots meant to suggest there being a moat outside the castle walls. It's been expertly crafted out of rock and iron rivulets.
“Yes, this was the murder weapon,” Sherlock asserts. His eyes flit down the blade, calculating what angles it must’ve been thrusted at to achieve the wounds it inflicted in the other bodies. He mentally pictures the previous victims, fitting the sword before him into their bodies, the ragged, deep lacerations they all suffered to the chest. A perfect fit. His technique never changed. “If you test the dried blood by the hilt you’re sure to come away with more than just Shadwell’s. But now he’s left it.”
He could devise a flawless plan in seconds, but he lacks the strength to capture anything as big and powerful and
John had been very impressed which Sherlock’s deductions about old injuries, both men’s and horse’s, which had definitely warmed the island. Sherlock, in turn, was impressed with John's knowledge of the behavior of the
In a few days, his fate may very well be death. In a few short days, just a handful of hours away, all this could be for nothing. The training, the long nights waiting for
Moriarty sets down his book face down onto his desk. The span of the surface is covered in a myriad of small items. Astray, papers, a stamp, the dreaded wax seal that Sherlock recognizes instantly, a potted purple flower that matches the dark pattern on the walls.
There is no way but forward, no escape but to continue through the sealine. Sherlock presses on, ignoring the wails of some broken horse far behind them. Redbeard’s form shivers and he quickens, breath heaving in his ribs.
The wind is assaulting them again. Grey clouds roll over high above, like obedient dogs searching for treats. They go quickly, urged along by the rough gusts. There are some hills here, and thinning bushes made meek by the Thisby weather, and scraggly trees, hanging onto the bare edges of the cliffs and feeding off the poor soil. All the fully grown trees were culled off when the first people of Thisby set foot here. It’s why the wood on houses is peeling and splintering and old.
“You’re bringing that back, you hear?” Lestrade points his finger accusingly at Sherlock. John glances to him, as if wondering how many times Sherlock has stolen police evidence.
that roam the island in October. And those silver bells strung on twine above that doorway - to keep the water horses away. They don’t often come into Skarmouth, but it’s not impossible.
He should have predicted that Moriarty would come with nothing to lose. How mind-numbingly boring it must have been for Moriarty to wield his power and ability with not a single worthy adversary to challenge him. Sheep and people, all the same. Sherlock nearly sympathizes.
“Oh, dear, we should get you a towel,” Mrs Hudson makes her usual flouncing gestures, hands up, and off to the kitchen again.
Sherlock is jostled ever closer to the mounting side of the blood-stained rock. At first, he fights his way back to his old spot to keep watching, but as the minutes drag by, he lets himself be swept away by the current of racers. Last chance to back out. Last chance to turn his tail. He won’t get the entering fee back, but it’s better than losing his life. Like the horrible blonde mare, Sherlock’s breath starts coming in faster. But this isn’t about being trapped on land and on the earth, it’s about feeling trapped in this thin spiderweb of commitment.
But the soles of his shoes had been tacked to the flooring, and behind his sealed lips he had been begging. And the paint had been fresh in the room, new, to disguise another smell. Walls don't contract after you've painted them. Not real ones.
John throws his hands up, exasperated. “Were you not going to tell me any of this, if I hadn’t asked?”
Gladstone’s great chest breaks the ribbon, and John’s joyous fist is in the air, pumping out a victory as onlookers shout and clap on the cliffs. Gladstone takes another quarter of a furlong to slow down - John’s hand glides over Gladstone’s white forelock, and he gently twists one of his long ears, pulling it back and whispering into it. John dips his face lower, Gladstone’s long head dropping to keep listening to him.
Never for a second is there stillness now - John has leapt into action, he'd seen the way Gladstone moved before it happened, and his bare heels dig into the sand like Gladstone’s massive hooves as he sprints towards his horse - Hope collapses, a bloody hand around his throat, gasping, and the crowd splits like the Red Sea.
his sentiment exceeds John’s? He had never suspected that he would get as far as he already has, and so the ideas of doing something
“Sherlock!” He hears John exclaim again, invigorated now that he’s spotted his figure down in the water. “What the hell are you thinking? Get out of the tide!”
Bells ring around Gladstone’s ankles, as if he were a dancer at the Scorpio festival, and his hooves wobble before each step, afraid to touch the earth each time. His ears press foward, shivering and tired as he strains against the magic of the golden chain woven close to his face.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, pretending to have very important things to do and be above it all. He turns on his heel and begins a walk through the street, ignoring a cycler that nearly gets in his way. The sound of John’s footsteps on the cold pavement are quick behind him, eager to catch up. The champion himself appears at Sherlock’s arm an instant later.
John ducks into the open door after Sherlock has settled into his seat, wincing lightly at a spring that bites into his back, more evidence of Musgrave making this place her own home without proper permission. He scans quickly, but John’s seat appears to have no hard or hurtful parts sticking out of the cushions.
Sherlock slides off the bed. His legs ache with sleep, hips sore. It’s alright. John can’t stop racing. Not now, when everything he’s wanted for years in within his grasp.
The man in the bowler hat holds out the leadrope and crows to passer-bys. One man stops, Doctor Fletcher. Sherlock has always liked him, even if the doctor is indifferent to him. He's handsome, levelheaded, and generally calm with everyone, even those insane patients of his. Sherlock wanted to marry him when he was six, when his father brought him in for a fever.
“We shouldn’t speak here.” Stamford pushes a note into John’s hand, a crumpled old bit of yellowed paper. At once, John unfurls it, and Sherlock leans close to read it, as well, suddenly feeling very vulnerable against the open area and the dark clouds, standing about in the fresh night.
Sherlock’s interest spikes. Gladstone isn't a good representation? And does Watson truly believe Mary capable of that? He pulls on Redbeard’s reins, to remind the stallion that he's remained here. Redbeard, evidently more comfortable, jerks his head back and then swings his face to shove his nose against Sherlock’s boot.
He can hold his breath for five minutes. He shoves his heels down, poised to kick. Redbeard’s belly heaves like nervous animal, but dutifully, he remains quiet, his ears pinned back, his shoulders tight and tense under Sherlock.
Gripping his ribs tightly, Sherlock leans into the brick wall. The rest of his body heat leeches away into the stone through his coat.
John’s familiarity with the house does not sit well in Sherlock’s gut. He detests it, detests the idea that Moriarty must sleep, sometimes, in one of these rooms. He’d know which one if he saw it, but John doesn’t slow to allow him a good look around. He can’t picture Moriarty asleep without some ever-present smirk on his lips. Paintings of horses and old racing plaques decorate every carpeted hallway, completed with dark wallpaper and the occasional person of cleaning staff.
Gladstone waits, reins tied to the bicycle posts out the side of the cathedral, his nose brushing the quivering grasses near his hooves. There is no intention of eating them. His eyes regard Sherlock while John draws the resting circle around the
They push through the next door, which squeaks on its hinges, a sign of how old the entire town is, even the most ‘modern’ of its structures. Inside the corridor hang more pictures, and the last door on the left is the notary’s room. Sherlock frowns, thinking of Anderson and his sea wish.
The timorous voice of a fearful man meets Sherlock’s trained ears as he's skulking around the edges of town, the sharp and dark corners that most tourists are too afraid to come near.  He stops, interest taking over.
“It’s - wet,” Sherlock says bluntly, gesturing to his lower half and glancing at John. How else should he phrase it?
Sherlock regards Watson for a moment, and then lets his mouth twist into a smile. Watson follows suit. Redbeard snorts again, as if fed up, and Gladstone’s long, thin ears twist unnaturally to catch the sound.
want?” Sherlock says, appeased enough by the shell that he leans back down against John’s good shoulder.
He needs money to pay Anderson to track down Mycroft. He needs money to charter the ferry that will take him to the mainland, because he could do the first to-do item, finding Mycroft, by himself, but he needs a place to start.
Sherlock pauses to parse this, handing over the two coins. “Sure. But Molly’s got to agree.” Archie’s father, formerly a fisherman, had been swallowed by the sea, and his mother had gone to the mainland. Sherlock had deduced that when he first met the little boy. Molly was as good as he could get. Archie even had his own bedroom above the bakery.
Parsing this, Sherlock again turns away. How disturbing that Moriarty is, he recalls the way Moriarty had taken his hand at the beach the day Hope was killed, the sweat and uneasy desperation, the
The chestnut leads the way towards Sherlock. They cross the twenty meter line with no greeting, and then the ten, and then, they are so close, that Sherlock has to resist the petty urge to strike out with a bare hand to shove the horses back, they're in reaching distance and not backing away, because Redbeard is sitting on the edge of panic, hooves shifting nearer to the cliff edges. Redbeard trusts Sherlock too much. Sherlock barely trusts himself to stay still and seated on the iron horse.
Ah. The cameras, here to film and photograph the Races for the squeamish mainland viewers who couldn’t make it down. Sherlock’s chest does a horrified barrel-roll.
“No, come on. Honestly,” John pleads, and Sherlock suddenly wants to be anywhere but here. He doesn’t want to be in the rain anymore. “What happened?”
“Bill - Bill Murray, that is - he’s racing Bascombe. She always goes towards the shoreline. Isaac Whitney’s got Altum. He’s slower, but he runs mostly straight.”
has dragged it to, but Sherlock can't resist scrunching his nose up against them. But this is different - it's all fresh, like death itself has been dredged straight from the depths of the Scorpio sea.
It is slow-going, but Sherlock watches his mouth form Gladstone’s name, watches Gladstone’s withers shake in response, like a rattlesnake’s tail, noiseless. Soon, Gladstone tucks his chin, and the scream fades into a groaning, grunting sound. Next, it ceases entirely. Lowering his hands, Sherlock can feel his ears ringing. He shakes his head, but that does not help.
Experimentally, Sherlock half-turns, and the shadow of his coat collar throws against his throat, expertly concealing John. Not enough to fool someone looking, but who would look?
John laughs, and Sherlock’s shoulders droop, relaxed, as he pats the towel against the side of his hair, trying to see if he can get some of his curls back. It’s full of brine and ocean salt.
There’s never been anything more sickening than what he’s hearing now. The way eyes stare and heads turn. This is it. They’re going to kick him out of the Races. Sherlock’s face sears with heat, his skin three sizes too tight. Fault lines like tectonic plates crack in his skin, he can feel embarrassment seeping out, though his expression holds neutral.
John’s foot comes between Sherlock’s. Sherlock follows his bend forwards, watching stiffly as John raises a hand. It hovers in the air between them, a stroke away. “You keep... acting as though he was the end-all-be-all. You’re the most amazing thing to ever happen to me. I’ve never met someone like you, and I’ve met a lot of people.” John hates all the people at the Stockyard. Sherlock’s mouth quirks belatedly up at the corner.
Beside the body is the paper box of pastries, half-crushed. He must've fallen on them as he collapsed here. And here, he definitely died. The signs all over the man, and the lack of others, indicate so. If there was another texture or color of mud or bits of grass on him, it would've been discernible that he hadn't died here. And, Lestrade was right. Some crumbs and the red jam of a tart are stuck in the hairs of his unwaxed moustache.
Redbeard squeals, his shoulders jumping as he stomps his forelegs, jolting Sherlock's teeth. Thunder rumbles, more of a distant growl than a clap or a roar.
He hears the engine of the ancient Ford rattling to sleep as they quicken through the yard and towards the house. Sherlock’s feet feel clumsy and uneven, even over familiar ground. He has a mild fantasy of John lifting him up and carrying him home, but lets the thought flicker out.
“Sherlock Holmes,” John’s shoulders shake, unable to stop himself. “Sherlock, I love you. I - I thought I had the unbreakable habit of loving things that couldn’t love me back, but - but.”
John slows them, surveying Sherlock’s face, his gaze bouncing down to Sherlock’s lips and back up, concern plainly written in the line between his brow. He opens his mouth as they hit the gravel path outside the looming manor, and suddenly Sherlock cannot bear to hear his questions. Not after Moriarty had controlled their conversation so intensely. Sherlock cuts him off.
“Sorry about that misunderstanding, earlier,” The man says, and Sherlock can already guess what this is going to end as, “But it seems like no one wants to win the Races this year. Fifths, you said?”
He wants to rip it out of his chest and throw it over the cliffs and into the sea where it may be swept away by hushing waves along the shore.
Had the presence of the dagger been a threat to John? A threat to Sherlock, or Gladstone? Or was it just to show that Moriarty
Lestrade walks through the rows of shelves, eventually bending low to retrieve a small wooden box, and setting it onto one of the desks in the room, a deep mahogany.
“By large, etching is the signature of the blacksmith, the forger, or something to instill the blade with power. Power, in a non-magical sense,” John adds, thankfully not arguing that his own being here should certainly be enough for Sherlock to question the existence of magic. That would waste more time. “Rebecca said you all were very into religion.”
For a moment of island quiet, Sherlock begins to wonder whether John has a sudden migraine, leaning closer with concern, but then John keeps talking, ripping his hand from his face and not looking at Sherlock. “I feel… guided. I feel like I’ve been guided to you.”
Sherlock is the biggest moron on the island. In the universe. He hates himself for it. More idiotic than Bill Murray and his tourist trap of a shop, than Janine Hawkins’ stinking tavern, than John Watson and his stupid black-pelted stallion. At anything other than the lowest points of low tide during the recede of the full moon, the cliffs are well within the shoreline boundaries set up by those people who wrote the rules of the Races those hundreds of years ago. Sherlock never even had to leave them.
He draws the reins back so far that Redbeard begins to back up, tripping over his own back legs and gangly rear ankles.
Sand flies from the horse’s hooves, and her mane shimmers like seaweed caught in the dull light, just for a moment, and then it's hair again. Her pelt gleams like glowing coral. The dim sunlight catches on the man’s hair as he strains, pulling, and elicits a memory of the
Somewhere outside, Sherlock can hear the drummers and the fiddlers playing loud, bounding Scorpio rhythms. He tried placing their whereabouts in his mental map of Skarmouth, but the noise is drowned out by the men in the tavern, and it becomes impossible to tell.
urging him to come home. But Sherlock needs to know. He does not let himself be taken by this song. Hope is working his lip, trying to speak. Sherlock can see chewing tobacco dark in his mouth.
whose pupils draw back to stare at him. The long nostrils twitch and flutter. Sherlock knows they are breathing in his and Redbeard’s scent. He can smell the water horse, too, all fish and high ocean tide.
Sherlock sinks down, and turns into his back. He's supported by his quivering elbows, and the sea is whispering
“I could find out where he’s gone, Mister Holmes,” Anderson cuts him off, sneers and leans forward. His breath is sour, has always been sour. “With the right incentive.”
“Bull,” John says. Sherlock finds him very funny. But John’s isn’t really island humor, it’s a shade darker. He recalls the jokes John had made over Hope and the chestnut water horse’s fates.
More air blows over the windswept grasses, and Sherlock is irked that he has chosen to live on the windier side of the island, where currents sweep in from all sides, mostly the west. It’s a beautiful view of the sunset in summer, but isn’t worth the cold.
“You ride to Skarmouth before storms in the middle of the night, you’re riding an island horse in the Races, and you jump into the quay after some papers, all at the end of October. You’re serious, you don’t know what’s funny?”
old,” He says, sitting back up and taking the reins in hand. Gladstone snaps his chin against his neck, frozen. John shifts forward to drag the cloth off of Gladstone’s nose, and the horse stretches his horribly long, serpentine neck out again, as if he had been contained this entire length of time.
He walks briskly towards the desired road, following the security guard's directions. The wind buffets through the tidy streets, and so, without making a big stir of it, Sherlock buttons up his coat, allowing his collar to stiffen against the cold and keep John from it. "You'll remember to keep quiet," he says, focused ahead. Checking to see if John's alert.
Redbeard reacts immediately, his hooves stomping hard as he prances in place, getting ever closer to the cliff edge. A howl of strengthening wind sends him skittering dangerously close to the cliff edge. For a moment, Sherlock sees the hump of the cliff grass where it falls over the edge of the rock, toward the froth of the surging ocean far below. He feels the timeless, swimming sensation of possibility.
The wind gasps, long and low around their feet, flattening the grass and tangling up the horse’s manes. Redbeard’s tail flicks, already forgiving Sherlock for the ear pulling. Sherlock rubs the spot that Redbeard loves, near the horn of the saddle, a late apology. Watson is getting Gladstone back under control. Sherlock remembers his father once telling him that no water horse was ever meant to trot, let alone keep still. “I did,” Watson says after a moment of thought.
“There’s a multitude of scratches around the side of the watch, and I couldn’t see because of the wristband, but I assume that’s where your brother would’ve used the key to turn the pocket watch when the time went wrong, but he couldn’t fit it in - his hands were shaking. Drunk. You’ve no need for the key because the watch is broken, water damage, no doubt, and the hands are forever stuck at seven-thirty-five. You still wear it. Sentiment. Further evidence it’s an heirloom.”
John waits until Henry has exited the paddock before turning the mare loose. The boards here are studded with iron. She won’t go near the edges. Wistfully, he wonders what it would be like to set her free.
“Threatening to have a few key people removed from the island, said he’d like to ‘end my world’, as it were.” Sherlock swallows, keeping his eyes low.
For a week, he checks between the couch cushions and beneath floorboards, in the tin where he keeps his coins.
I see. That pet’s gotten into your mind, hasn’t he?” Moriarty reaches down, and Sherlock attempts slap him away and bend his elbow wrong - but the water’s in his eyes, he can hardly see, only registers the pain when Moriarty yanks on his hair, his scalp screaming. “You were the most interesting thing on this island and
Sherlock is just about ready to agree to anything. He nods frantically, unsure of what he’s nodding to, and John sits back on his knees. Sherlock grasps the pillow by his head for purchase, wringing the material, finally getting a visual on John’s cock. Red colors his face, as if he isn’t meant to be looking. It’s a solid length, firmed and
Every shallow slide catches Sherlock somewhere deep, coiling in a red flourish in his groin, but it isn’t until John works his knees halfway under Sherlock that John’s cock catches past on the right spot.
He doesn't have time to deal with idiots. Strangely, the petty names have the opposite affect on him that they're meant to have. They calm him instead of unsettle him, because they're such a staple of his life on Thisby, and what he's about to do is not.
“Aconitine, John. The toxin that comes from the wolfsbane plant, found in lethal amounts in the system of the poisoned tourist.” Sherlock turns away, walking out of the foyer and beginning to stride down the long aisle of the ancient church towards the podiums, his feet tapping on the carpet as he walks, and echoing around the empty building. John follows him, distressed. He begins to speak faster, the ideas jumping to his head as he speaks, “We looked at the stolen file. The case of the tarts. Moriarty is the only private vendor importing and exporting anything from the mainland, his horses, his private goods. It’s just Bill Murray and his shop, otherwise. If he wanted a dagger from the mainland museums, he could get one, same as he could get the wolfsbane flowers. Fishermen and the other shops all have to declare their exports and imports, and go through customs, but Moriarty is private. He doesn’t have to disclose anything.”
“We’ll go down here,” John says, nodding his head to a swooping tract of soil and pebbles leading down to the rocky shoreline. That’s how the shores are on this side, all loose rock and washed-out remnants of coral. Sherlock muses, recalling the day he’d been on these shores alone, before meeting John on the cliffs had become such a brilliant staple of his day.
