and he still looks sad about it. Poor Castiel’s not getting his way again and now he makes some sad eyes and people feel bad for him.”
“Shut up. I was just saying goodbye to the library. And to Lucifer.”
“Um, are you okay?” Dean asked, tilting his head in concern. Lisa was very passionate about her plants; maybe she had actually wanted to hold onto this one and was regretting it? “You don’t have to give this to me if –”
“I’m glad the hatred is still mutual,” he snapped. “Now let me out. I can hear the others outside. The next round must be starting.”
It was as if every fantasy he'd ever had was coming to life all at once.
Castiel wasn’t the only one who knew how to do magic.
“The right time,” Professor Apollyon said, “to experiment with magic is not during your second year in a dungeon or a greenhouse. I’m not going to tell you that experimentation is wrong. It’s dangerous and disruptive and those aren’t the only upsides. But I am going to tell you that every experiment requires
The rigid silence dragged on with only the sound of snips breaking through, and it was a little more than Dean could take. Even conversation with Castiel would be better than boredom.
As he slipped into dreams that night, Castiel thought about Bobby Singer. How kind he’d been. Castiel wanted to be like that, wanted to be kind, wanted to be able to make a difference to someone like that. He wanted to be
It was so half-hearted that it could barely be called a lie, but even still Castiel felt his cheeks going red. He ducked his head.
“What are you doing?”
“That was my last bite, I swear.” Dean said, wiping a sugar-coated smile and holding the plate of fried dough out towards Castiel. “Maybe. Actually, wait -” he took the plate back and cut off another piece and shoved it into his mouth so quickly he lost his grip on the fork and it fell into the grass- “ah shit.”
“I won’t.”
Castiel’s eyes flew open and he scowled up at the intrusion, causing Dean to feel even more smug.
“Really. Let’s just finish the game of chess.”
“Well, at least she didn’t mark you down for
we?” Castiel said.
“I’ll have one for next year. When I try out for the team.” Castiel retorted, heightening his chin. “A good one, too. You’ll have to borrow a Cleansweep Seven. Or worse.”
“Oh,” Castiel said quietly. “That’s right. You’re leaving this year.” He’d somehow forgotten that Lucifer was a seventh year, and that he’d be gone from Hogwarts for good after term ended in a few days.
“Hello, Winchester,” she said comfortably. “Are you talking to your schoolbag, or your knees?”
reading?”
So long as there was no sign that Naomi had found him.
“Chill,” he said. “I’m trying to help you. Look.” He opened his bag, to reveal a little pink box sitting on top of his books inside. He picked it up, and gave it to Castiel, who took it tentatively. “Made by me. Four chocolates infused with a Cheering Charm,” he said. “Probably. It
And he could read it. Dean had given him a story that he could read. That he felt
“You’re a cheater, Novak,” Dean said angrily. Castiel swivelled to face him, feeling his cheeks flush pink.
Castiel turned towards the portrait of the Fat Lady, which was still hanging open. Frowning, he watched it for a moment, waiting for it to swing shut like it normally did - but it didn’t move.
“What are you -”
“I’ll just play you at Exploding Snap again,” he shot back. “So you can ruin your own face.”
“I said, it’s not the only subject he isn’t amazing at. I’m in his Defense Against the Dark Arts class, you know.” Ash grimaced as the plant wrapped around him again, nearly reaching his neck. “He does alright, but he’s not quite up to par, one might say.”
The effect was almost immediate.
As much as Dean could feel every fibre of his being telling him not to do it - not to take the chance - Lisa had always been nice and it wasn’t fair that she was going to get marked down just because of a case of exam nerves.
There was another beat of silence.
“I’m not scared,” Castiel said, again, to the room. “I’ll be back. I just need to understand what you are, first.”
“It’s like…” He gazed up at the ceiling, which was currently sporting some very lovely clouds that were growing darker by the second. It was probably going to snow again. “It’s like a wand, yeah? But it’s made of metal and all it does is shoot another bit of metal out really fast.”
“You’re going to tell on her?” said the short blond one. The other, a skinny, dark-haired boy, shook his head in silent disapprobation. “That’s not cool, man. Besides, everyone knows the luggage is left by your bed. Hannah’s luggage is
“More manageable, thanks to you.” He tilted his head. “What’s the best way to give it back to you?”
when I went to Hogwarts, Mr. Winchester. You might have the makings of a healer in you one day.”
Castiel set his jaw.
“He already did!” Castiel watched Dean Winchester call back, shoulder to shoulder with Garth. “Didn’t you hear him?”
“Sure. It’s pretty hard, though.”
“Well, sure, but how would we get some? Did you want us to ask some of the older students?” Dean frowned and tapped his foot. He doubted any older students would voluntarily give their broom to a first year.
Whoever it was, he was already gone. And now Dean was sitting at a table opposite Castiel, a pair of heart-shaped burgers in front of them, with a candle setting the mood to soft, flickering romance.
She was right - the clothes started to feel the right size again, and his view from a decent distance above the other two was getting smaller and smaller until he was back to his normal, average, twelve-year-old self.
“Whoa, whoa, I don’t know who ‘Naomi’ is, dude. I’m just - I’m trying -” Dean was using his hands animatedly as he tried to speak - “I want your help, so I thought that if I helped you, you’d want to help me back just like last time - and I really
Garth hummed and nodded, pulling his head back behind the curtains.
it could happen,” Anna said.
And with that, Castiel slipped into the driver’s seat and started the car, leaving Dean Winchester alone in the middle of nowhere.
to be the experiment. I don’t know why everyone expects
The moment Dean shoved the trowel into the dirt around the plant, thin tendrils shot forwards defensively and wrapped around his arm, grasping firmly. Gadreel had shown them all what a fully mature Devil’s Snare looked like and Dean thanked his lucky stars that they were only working with the saplings.
Castiel’s mouth fell open. He couldn’t even immediately be frustrated with Bela making assumptions. The idea that he could have any kind of romantic feelings for
She ducked back down into the aisle.
Dean collided into another body, nearly knocking himself backwards.
“That’s not what I heard, is all,” he said archly, and then grinned as Castiel sat up straighter and puffed out his chest.
There was silence from behind him. Castiel threw a glance backwards over his shoulder, and saw that Hannah was silently stirring her potion, which was turning slowly black and tarry under her blank-eyed ministrations.
Castiel shook his head and closed a cabinet, feeling his pride well up inside him again.
“What?” he said. “No. I mean - well, did it make you tell any lies?”
“You like wizard’s chess?” Dean asked, looking appreciatively at the brand new chess set that Castiel had been smiling at for the past ten minutes. Jo had apparently sent it to him, telling him to practice for when she returned. Dean’s own gift of a chess set from Garth last Christmas had seen a lot of use in the last year, but he’d never played with Castiel.
Across the table, a pair of bemused fourth-years watched as they laughed and dabbed at the crumbs and the butter.
“BOOOOOOO!” Dean shouted, his hatred for Lucifer nearly ready to boil over. How
“Just sayin’!”
“I dunno,” Dean said, squinting as he studied the rest of the students, though most of them seemed to be just as confused as he was.
His mother wouldn’t approve, though, he thought with a sinking feeling. If he did get on the team, she’d say it was time wasted that should be spent on studying.
Dean was nearly skipping as he and the rest of his bunkmates made their way to the Great Hall for breakfast.
- you’re everything I could ever want and I’m - I’m so damn sorry if I made you feel like you couldn’t have me, too.”
But then Gordon’s mulish expression would pop into Castiel’s mind, and he would find himself back on Lucifer’s side, again, defending him against Gordon’s mindless bullying.
Castiel uttered a barely-repressed squeak as a great spurt of water jettisoned over the top of his cauldron, missing it by inches and instead splattering on the ground. In front of them, Lisa turned around, looking confused; Castiel found himself pulling the most innocent expression he could, blinking blandly at her. At the head of the class, Crowley picked at something in his teeth.
LAST TIME ON A PRIORI…
“What, did I use
class you’re doing badly in?”
movements -
Ash continued to nod, very solemn, very calm.
“Michael,” he said more certainly, and his eldest brother turned to look at him at once. Lucifer did the same, and his gaze was strange - a little cold and unsettling, not taking him seriously.
Dean shot up from where he was sitting as the sounds got even louder. “
“How did you…?”
at the cushions. I don’t want you accidentally shrinking something that isn’t meant to be shrunk. A classmate, for example.”
A few moments later, Lisa came back to the doorway of the common room. Castiel knew, the second he saw her face, that something was wrong.
And then here was Castiel, and there was Dean. And it just seemed different.
Dean scoffed, feeling a little offended that she doubted his knowledge of books. Sure, he didn’t actually study a whole lot, but assuming he didn’t read at all was a bit of a stretch. “Wanna bet? I read.”
The last time the two of them had spoken to each other, it had been when they’d silently made their way up to the hospital wing after the fiasco of a quidditch match to present their bloody selves to Madam Hanscum, who had tutted at the sight of them. As much as she fretted over his injuries, Dean was really starting to like her and didn’t mind the excuses to visit her and learn more about healing magic. Castiel, of course, had been sullen and grumpy the entire time, which seemed to be two of the three emotions that he knew how to display.
“The library
Castiel then picked up the black ceremonial dagger and cut an incision across the palm of his hand, hissing as the steel bit into his flesh, and let the blood fall into place among the other ingredients.
“Better luck next time!” Dean hollered with a laugh as he zoomed away to follow the Quaffle.
Dean let out a disappointed sigh and slumped in his seat. He hated it when Professor Novak singled them out, but it wasn’t often that she let them do things as a group. It was very unlike his Transfiguration class, which had more of a “fend for yourself” feel. Professor Tran would wander around as they tried the spells in their own time. It wasn’t that he did horribly on his own; in fact, he usually didn’t have a problem with most of the spells. But there was something about the way Professor Novak’s piercing eyes seemed to bore into your soul that made him uncomfortable.
“I just don’t like a fuss,” Castiel lied, but it was the most rational thing he could think of to say. “I wouldn’t have told you at all, except…”
Besides, he hadn’t forgotten what Dean was.
Jo snickered as she sat down next to him. “They’re not going to run out of food, Dean. Hogwarts has magic and House Elves that work in the kitchens.”
Castiel breathed out.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
Castiel’s eyes flicked between them, two real wizards standing so tall and sure of themselves. They had a glamour to them, a strength, and Castiel was seized with a sudden desire to be them - to be tall and confident, going against the crowd and not caring, talking about it loudly in the Great Hall. Lucifer wasn’t even bothered by the fact that his opinion wasn’t the same as the mainstream. Castiel was sure that if Lucifer had been sorted into the wrong House, he’d have held his head high all the same. He tilted his own chin up, and shifted his body, trying to pose himself like Lucifer did.
“Thank you, Professor,” Castiel said, and Dean could hear how badly he was trying to hide how pleased he was.
“You know who you’re acting like? Novak.” Dean felt only a little smug that she winced at that statement. “Remember him at the beginning of the year? Always whining about Ravenclaw?”
Castiel sat up straight. He looked around the Great Hall.
It was all going to be great. But was it going to be
Dean waved one last time as he and Garth entered the dimly lit tunnel again, each lighting their wands to help along the way. Discovering this secret had easily been one of the best things he’d accomplished during his entire year at Hogwarts. Being great at magic was fine. Beating Castiel at things was also pretty alright. But access to the Hogwarts kitchens whenever he wanted?
fun, Gabriel,” Castiel explained patiently. “You get to learn, you get to discover things you never knew, and then when you’re in class you don’t have to…” He broke off, noticing that Gabriel was performing a huge, fake yawn, and rolled his eyes. “You don’t even try to understand.”
Dean had changed the subject.
Again, Castiel stopped, and the shifter drew himself to his feet, looking
He stopped, suddenly realizing that he’d been walking deep in thought, not concentrating on where he was going. He clicked his tongue as he tried to figure out where he was. Even though he had more or less memorized all of the important places, Hogwarts was still confusing and he hadn’t been to this part of the castle much. It didn’t help that the sun had just barely set in the sky and there was no light shining through the windows to help guide him.
“Great!” Dean pointed towards the freeway entrance that was coming up. “That way. Unless you’d rather me fly us there.”
Anna was listening to him seriously. She bit her lip again, and pushed her hair back.
It was probably mimicking a rougarou in its killings to throw hunters off the trail.
“Mm?”
“Don’t tell me there isn’t a part of you that doesn’t think it was the right thing to do,” Dean said hotly - and Castiel found he couldn’t retort immediately, the memory of Harry Spangler struggling with his own quill in the Charms exam returning to him. Castiel himself had been on the point of helping, before remembering that his mother was sure to be watching all the students perform their spells and complete the exam; he’d had no desire to land himself in a world of trouble with her, just to give Harry an advantage that would surely not be taken into consideration in his final result.
There were always going to be people like the Novaks. People that didn’t agree with who he was. But the longer he stayed at Hogwarts, the more he was learning that he was going to have to ignore the dumb people who thought that way and keep kicking their butts. If nothing else, Dean was glad that he was doing better than Castiel in almost every class.
” Dean said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “But I hate sharing, so… all alone in here.”
“Huh?” Dean stopped, turned, and saw Lisa, one hand behind her back and a nervous smile on her lips. “Oh, hey Lisa.”
moving eulogy at your funeral.” Castiel grabbed his denim jacket and pulled out his car keys as he made his way back up the stairs. “‘Here lies Dean Winchester. That’s not his name, and that’s not his body, but he
Dean set his jaw as he turned his back on Castiel.
Gabriel held his hands up in mock surrender.
He opened the curtains and there, standing beside his bed and looking very uncomfortable, was Jo.
“What do you mean?” Castiel said.
Castiel followed her gaze to where a short boy with dirty-blond hair was chewing on a large helping of what looked like fruit pie, his cheeks stuffed, smiling at something that his tall, thin neighbour had just said. It was the boy from the train, Castiel realised. The one who’d rolled his eyes and brushed off Castiel’s apology when they’d collided in the corridor.
The house-elf smiled gratefully and did another small bow in their direction before handing them both another orange roll and walking them back over to the opening in the side of wall. “I hope we see you again, sirs. You’re always welcome here.”
Dean squinted at Gabriel. “What do you mean?”
Castiel let his eyes flick up over at Dean again, taking in the broad shoulders, the strong jawline, the freckles peppering the bridge of his nose, the unfairly green eyes -
“But they
“In hunter-years I’m decrepit.”
“My – my father gave me a broom,” Castiel confirmed, barely above a whisper. He could hardly believe it. Had his father actually taken the time to speak to his mother, and figure out what his son would really like? Castiel was getting better and better in his Flying Lessons, and was going to try out for the Quidditch team next year – how could his father have known that, unless he’d decided to put in the effort to find out? It was incredible. Castiel could feel his cheeks flushing with happiness. His father
Another few days of searching online for any signs of Sam were proving useless. No missing persons database that Castiel could find seemed to have him listed, but his searching was being greatly hindered by the fact that he still didn’t know the vessel’s name. The angel was either purposefully good at covering his tracks, accidentally good at covering his tracks, or Castiel simply didn’t have enough information to go on to attempt to find him digitally.
“Maybe we simply
Castiel stepped closer, and stared at the mess of pipes and sharp-toothed wheels he saw right in front of him. He’d never seen anything like it before; the metal was shaped as though it had some kind of – of mechanism, some kind of purpose. But why would it? Magic fulfilled every mechanism and purpose. What kind of door was this?
that Winchester got his entire table to sing to him?” Dean could hear Castiel talking loudly from behind him. “Kind of pompous, if you ask me.”
“That’s it? You didn’t find anything out, or… or realise anything about…” Jo chewed on her lip, and stopped talking.
“She’s
However, Dean had smiled when he’d seen an expertly decorated cupcake on the bedside next to him when he’d woken up that morning. He wasn’t just getting food out of the kitchens  it seemed like he might be getting friends, too. He’d made a happy mental note to thank Turvey next time he made it through the secret passage.
“Well, yeah, it sucks. You know a third-year Slytherin actually came up to me and asked me about them? And a Ravenclaw, like, took her shoes off right next to me the other day. I don’t know if she saw me or if she just wanted to do that, actually, she was kind of in her own world. But, like, I’m not not talking to Jo because of
Dean no longer cared if his teammate had made it to the other side yet; Dean had to get him
“But like,” Dean was staring at the dashboard intently, “why did you do that at all?”
A loud screech was heard overhead, signalling that it was time for the mail and causing Dean to look up in eagerness. A few moments later, a rather small tawny owl flew just over head and dropped a small package directly onto Dean’s eggs.
“If you’d just
“Yep,” Jo said cheerfully.
Dean opened his mouth to say something else, and then didn’t seem to know what to say. Castiel blinked up at him owlishly.
Dean held still in the sudden silence, listening for any more rustlings or signs of life. He realised he was breathing hard – not because the fight had been long, or even particularly difficult, but something about having watched a monster creeping to attack Castiel’s back had Dean breathless with sudden anger.
“Okay.” She was quiet for a few moments, and then said, “Dean stopping being your friend must hurt a lot, though.”
Dean shrugged, eager to get this show on the road so he could go take a look at the door. “What do you want?”
Philippe’s mouth hung open as he stared back at her, looking like her words had sparked something wonderful in him.
“I’m still here, Dean. What’s wrong?”
“Jo,” Dean interrupted and looked over at her pleadingly. “What does it
And there, on a desk behind him, were all his notes, neatly stacked. And, beside them, a fresh sheet of parchment, and a fresh quill.
“You - you -” Jo said furiously, turning scarlet. “You big baby!”
“Eat,” Naomi said.
It was still shadowed, the thin morning light slanting slyly through the shelves, as pale and weak as milky tea. Castiel stood still for a moment, breathing in the dry, welcoming scent of old books. The bookshelves were tall, towering over Castiel; they made him feel even more tiny than usual. He pressed his lips together, and frowned with determination. He’d decided when he’d first come here, several weeks ago, that he wouldn’t be dwarfed by the dark literary colossus of this library. He was going to tame the beast, learn how it worked, make it his own.
Castiel opened the car door with an angry shove and stood at his full six-foot stature, with a glare he’d been told by many was incredibly intimidating.
Lisa made a mock-affronted sound and sped up her pace as Dean laughed and jogged to catch up with her.
"She's kidding," Ruby said with a sigh, obviously noting the panicked look on Dean's face. "You just get some dumb hat placed on your head and it'll tell you which House you're in."
“You said
“Have a nice day, ma’am.” He nodded, and walked towards the exit before she could say anything else, hoping that Dean would have the presence of mind to follow him and not question what had just happened.
"Whatever. I don't care where I'm sorted."
“Um,” he said. Well – he would do it, wouldn’t he? He hadn’t expected Ash to let him, but Castiel had offered and he’d meant it, so – “Yes.”
He ran his thumb over the letters he’d first seen on the night he’d arrived at Hogwarts, on the night he’d been sorted into this House. When he compared himself to how angry and naïve he’d been then, Castiel could see how far he’d come. That meant… surely that meant that he could keep moving on, keep feeling better and better about where he was? Surely that meant that he could be happy to be a Gryffindor one day?
not good enough.”
Castiel had frowned at him as he felt the curse squirm inside of him, trying to figure out a proper interpretation of that specific order and how to be obedient to it.
the whole thing.
“I don’t know,” he said. “I don’t know at all.” He battled for a smile, and thought he managed one. “Thank you for the idea, though. And I will think of something for you, about the potions stuff.”
“Gordon is dumb,” he muttered, pushing himself up off the floor to be eye-level with Hannah. “You should have pushed him back. He deserves it.”
“He probably could, if he was listening,” Castiel said. “But centaurs are famous for not caring much about the real world. He’s reading the movements of the planets.”
lower voice than he was used to came out of his throat - familiar, but in an unfamiliar way.
Castiel had just seen Dean Winchester – coming out of the
“No worries,” Garth smiled, and wiped at his mouth with the sleeve of his robe. “We’ll get out of your way. Thanks for showing us around, Turvey.”
Riders decked in green came shooting upwards into the Quidditch pitch as their name was called, waving at the crowd as they began to fly in circles to warm up.
“I’m fine,” Castiel repeated.
Castiel trailed off when Dean didn’t say anything, only looked at him critically.
was jealous he hadn’t gotten the
It was a possibility. It was something he could do. He and Dean were both people, and they could kiss.
He would be expelled for this, if he was caught.
“You shouldn’t be here,” said a voice – one that Castiel didn’t immediately recognise. He’d been sitting with his back up against a tree, occasionally looking up at the view of the castle through the couple of thick trunks between him and the edge of the wood – but he had just reached the part again where Gandalf returned, and he’d become completely absorbed. Now, he looked up to see someone leaning against one of the treetrunks, watching him with a speculative expression.
“Ash… I need something.”
Dean had just spewed his feelings all over him without even
The older man nodded and pointed over to a corner of the shop.
Dean nodded and made to slide off the bed.
It was just him and Cas, perched alone in a booth at night, getting a meal together, and people were
Castiel gulped. The man’s face didn’t look forgiving. Castiel considered lying – it would be easy, all he had to do was deny it and keep denying it – but… he sighed. He
“Does he even speak?” he heard one of the other boys whisper to another, giggling. His face immediately turned hot, but he didn’t turn around.
“Yeah, I… I did say that… but he’s not here now.”
Dean and Nick jumped at the new voice that had suddenly entered the conversation. Behind them was a boy not too much taller than them with sandy hair and a smirk that set a few alarms off in Dean’s head. He wasn’t unfamiliar, and Dean was fairly sure that the boy was only a few years above them.
Castiel wanted to say no, but in honesty he couldn’t. Before Anna had interrupted his chain of thoughts, he’d already been back to playing out a conversation with Dean in his mind. The same conversation he’d imagined a thousand times, by now – but it stopped the burn in his chest just to see it in his mind, just to hear the words he wanted Dean to say.
And Castiel - which of those did he want to be? The person who did the right thing, or the person who did the - the - the
Castiel tilted his head to the side and scrunched his face up the way that he did whenever he was thinking real hard about something. Dean could almost see him flipping through his own personal library in his mind, trying to find the name ‘Gandalf’ in it somewhere and failing.
The blue side of the field began screaming wildly again, and Dean waited to see Jo follow suit – but this time, she stayed where she was, scanning the field and ignoring the commotion entirely.
It seemed to have its own aura; its dark shine promised future glory.
He looked up to see Philippe and Nick nodding, impressed, but Garth and Thaddeus looked confused.
couch for any suspended mistletoe.
Dean gritted his teeth together and turned back around, mouthing:
“Bad for all the muggle-borns,” Gordon said bitterly. Castiel
Dean lost it as an elaborate portrait of a highbrow-looking witch right behind them placed a hand over her heart with a small,
“No, he’s at home right now. Feeling under the weather.” Castiel stepped forward, grabbed the map, and brought his armful of plants and other products up to the front of the store. He set them down on the counter in front of the shopkeeper, while trying to avoid eye contact. He was well aware of how odd it was to see a witch
Professor Gadreel sat back in his chair, looking resigned. “Dean, I’m concerned that you’re taking this. . . rivalry a little too far. The Novaks are good people and while I’m sure you will both grow out of this eventually, do you think you could at least try to be nice to each other? I don’t want you two getting into any more trouble.”
Hannah’s eyes were wide, Castiel could see them out of the corner of his eye, but he kept his gaze fixed challengingly on Gordon. For a long second, they stared each other down. Castiel heard a cough behind him, and couldn’t help wondering how this looked to Dean, who presumably had no idea whatsoever what was happening. Or perhaps Dean did know, and it was just Castiel who had been out of the loop as far as the situation between Hannah and Gordon went. Eventually, Gordon blinked, shrugged, and turned back to his potion.
There, making his way through the myriads of people over to their little group, his skin
you know. You make fun of people for saying stuff like that.”
It was all completely inexplicable.
“Very funny.” Dean said flatly.
“You wouldn’t look pretty after eighteen love potions,” Castiel said. His tone came out even more brutal than usual when he was talking to Dean, his frustration adding an extra edge.
printed in bright gold lettering across the front.
“I am.”
Castiel’s immediate worry was that he’d got himself caught up in some kind of never-ending cursed loop of doors. He hurried back to the first door and peered out.
“You were saying just the other day how upset you were that everyone knew,” Hannah said. Anna rolled her eyes.
“What’s a fire?”
,” Castiel interrupted, a little too sharply, feeling foolish. When Jo pulled back, he softened his voice. “I mean, I know. Sorry, Jo.”
Drawing it out was just going to hurt more anyway when Castiel eventually realized what Dean was.
Luckily, Cas seemed to be in the same predicament, with his face turning slightly red.
As the rock slowly rotated in the air, Dean was struck with the memory of his transfigured rat hovering before him the time he thought he’d won Professor Tran’s quiz, only to have Novak steal that from him. How was he supposed to know that only Transfiguration magic was allowed? He
Dean’s face brightened noticeably at his answer, and he shot up from his seat.
is something you call a Muggle-born. It means they think that Muggle-borns have dirty blood. No actual wizard blood in their family.”
“Ninety-two percent sure interference.”
“Castiel, I -”
Castiel let dry soil run through his fingers and back into the pot of dittany in front of him.
- all of it was wrong.
Castiel gaped after her for a moment as she moved to find a seat, choosing an aisle near the front of the stand.
House? Dean opened his mouth to say that he didn't know what she was talking about, but Jo interrupted.
Castiel knew.
“Convince him yourself,” Castiel said and moved to open the door.
“In my rules, you do,” he said. Castiel glowered at him.
He swallowed.
Ruby looked less than enthusiastic.
You have a duty to uphold the reputation and honour of our family. It’s up to all of us, Castiel. And you want to spend your time, what? Obsessing over morality? Trying to do
“It’s a -” Dean shook his head, caught out by yet another Muggle saying. “Never mind.”
A red letter.
“If Arthur saw me in a maroon suit he might just shit himself.”
“And what would be wrong with that?” piped up a small, angry voice from behind Lucifer. Castiel frowned. He knew that voice, didn’t he? But surely, it couldn’t be -
Dean had been at least sort of right about the Herbology exam.
“Who are you?”
” Dean said, like it was obvious. Castiel squinted at him, trying to figure out if Dean was joking - but he could only read a sincere question in those irritatingly green eyes.
Jimmy held out a beer can.
He had another chance to prove himself, and that was all that mattered.
“You’re a
Castiel let out a huff of laughter and leaned in.
“Look, you don’t have to explain,” Hannah said suddenly. Castiel looked up into her eyes, and saw understanding and kindness in them. Ash, behind her, looked only confused, but he nodded, too. “It’s alright.”
“You’re getting too close to
“There are too many potions for just the three of us, anyway,” he said, making sure he sounded as reluctant as he felt. He reached into his bag, where he’d safely stored the potions Ash had given him so that they’d be away from prying eyes. There were seven bottles, each labelled with childish, careless handwriting on peeling parchment.
Castiel looked into Ash’s face. He saw an expression that was as much eager as it was worried.
Lucifer turned back to Dean.
“Next question,” Professor Tran said, not giving them time to linger; the last few snorts of laughter died down at her slightly snappy tone. Castiel watched Jo catch Dean’s eye, in front of him, and make a wiggling worm movement with her finger. Dean’s shoulders shook with silent laughter, and Castiel narrowed his eyes, losing focus on Professor Tran.
Castiel crouched for a moment, trying to block the neverending balls of snow, but after just a few seconds he apparently decided he stood no chance here, and only managed to give Dean one last look of loathing before running back the way he came.
Twenty minutes later, he was mentally exhausted and utterly tired of the word “aculeolus”, but he wasn’t empty-handed. When Professor Tran came around the class to inspect their final results, his matchstick was longer, and thinner, and silver, and pointy. Only Dean’s could match it.
Castiel twirled his wand, round and round and round. His fingers were getting more nimble the longer he did it. If he were to fail this exam… they couldn’t kick him out of Hogwarts for just failing
“Cas, hey. Are you okay?”
didn’t for ages. It just means you have to grow up a bit.”
Dean stifled a giggle and nudged Charlie until all three of them were covering their mouths in an attempt to keep quiet.
Another drink was nudged in his direction.
“I panicked!”
“I can do this,” Castiel said fiercely, turning back to the door. “I’m going to do this.”
” Castiel said. The giant squid had been quite calm by the time it had disappeared back into the deeper water, he was sure. “It was just… hesitant.”
Even Castiel was frowning grimly up the display he’d just seen.
“Didn’t see you at the Hufflepuff sleepover, Ruby,” said Dean, and Castiel could hear the tinge of dislike in Dean’s tone; it was easy for him to recognise, because he heard it so often directed at himself.
Dean hadn’t thought he’d looked
“I took care of it. There were fifteen vampires in there, by the way. You would have been major toast, dude.” Everything about Dean’s demeanor -  from his smile to his puffed out chest - made it seem like Dean felt extremely proud of this announcement. “And now you don’t have to. You’re welcome - again.”
Shaking his head again, Castiel breathed out. He didn’t need to think like this. All that had happened was that he’d seen the boggart. And all he had to do was go to the Hufflepuff common room and find the actual Dean, and everything would be completely fine. Dean would stick his head out round those barrels that led into the common room, wearing that stupid smile of his. Castiel would ask him if he remembered speaking just now in the corridor.
“On the floor?”
Inside Castiel’s cracker was a large pirate hat and a deck of Exploding Snap cards. Castiel stared down at them for a moment, and then looked up over the table, to see Dean Winchester in a Stetson looking right back at him.
“Gabriel,” Castiel replied with a stiff little nod. If Dean Winchester dared to ever call him
Yes, friends. YES. It is TIME. IT'S TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME. Welcome back to Hogwarts!!!!! We've cooked up a fresh chapter for you, like Turvey making pastries in the kitchens. Yum. We hope you enjoy <3 Make sure to check out the quick catch-up summary of last chapter below if you've forgotten what had just been happening!
“Ah,” Philippe said, something teasing in his voice, “I’ll meet you on the train.”
Castiel frowned, trying to make sense of the words Dean had just said. Men of Letters? Heaven keeping track of stuff?
K_K_TiBal and whelvenwings
Dean turned and frowned.
“Does it even matter?” Castiel said hopelessly.
“I won’t bother you anymore.”
was why they weren’t friends.
Another spray of bubbles, longer and bigger ones this time. Dean looked back up at Castiel, and saw that his mouth was moving furiously as he pointed at Dean. Dean squinted back at him. Castiel seemed to somehow be lower down than before. Was Castiel’s chocolate also making him shrink?
Dean looked over as Thaddeus poked his head from behind the curtain of his four-poster and glared at him, hair askew in every which way.
Nick cleared his throat next to him and stared pointedly at Garth, who raised his eyebrows. “Oh, right!”
Castiel turned the page, but only that fragment of the letter had survived long enough for the compiler of the book to record its existence. He blinked down at the words again, feeling a tug in his mind, something important. He’d been researching the founders and their connection to the room opposite the tapestry of the trolls… and here, now, was some evidence that Helga had been working on – what? A secret room? But it couldn’t be the same, surely… a ‘room of requirement’ wasn’t the same as a room with a very large door in it, was it?
“…just came back, yeah.” Dean said slowly, hesitantly, like he was regretting the admission.
A slow, steady beat of footsteps.
” Castiel said. “Didn’t you talk to him about it?”
Ash’s eyes widened in surprise.
boy. Swear it, or I’ll hex you. I know worse ones than Furnunculus.”
Novak might be smart at wizard stuff, but apparently he didn’t know much about animal habitats.
He wondered as he resumed his seat and pulled his notes towards him, catching Jo’s frosty gaze as he did so, whether his secrecy over the room was a bad thing. Was it only his own naturally secretive instinct that stopped his tongue, or was there some kind of magic at work? Was he cursed, now that he'd been inside it?
“Mistletoe Berries!” He stopped right in front of Cas and folded his arms smugly. “Wow, Novak. That one was easy. Are you struggling a little?”
Castiel woke up early, to the scent of dust and wood smoke and clean linen. He took a deep breath, the chill of the air nipping him fully awake. He sat upright, and rolled out of bed. The other four in the dormitory were still sleeping soundly; Ed was snoring slightly, as usual. The sound echoed up into the cold, dark, silent rafters of the pointed dormitory ceiling.
If he wanted to make any progress on finding Dean’s brother, he was going to have to go back to Dallas and ask around. Maybe show the picture of Sam to some of the businesses that were located near the ATM and maybe, just
“I do,” Lucifer said. “I was caught up in the moment. I wanted to win so badly…” He shook his head. “I wanted my
Dean dived, making straight for the Quaffle. Castiel didn’t hesitate a second longer. He plunged forwards too.
Letter in hand, Dean climbed out of the passageway and took a right, heading up the stairs like Garth had said.
“Hi, by the way!” she said. “I think I saw you at dinner last night. Are you a second year?”
With slightly more dignity than Ruby, but still with sullenness, Gordon flopped down into his chair. Castiel watched him, his heart starting to beat harder. He didn’t want to be like that - didn’t want to sink back into his seat, scowling, while Dean won. He just had to
Dean took a bite out of his chicken leg as he mulled that over. There were obviously many things that he still didn’t understand about this magical world, but he was excited to learn as much as he could.
“You guys don’t even look at each other anymore. I mean, you used to at least have the whole, like, rivalry thing going for you. And I thought at the time that it was super annoying, but now I’m like… I never thought I’d miss it, but I do, you know?”
?” he whispered, resting his head against the cold stone in a sign of the defeat he already knew had happened.
“I’m fucking
“Just keep giving me directions,” Castiel said with his last shred of sanity. “And make sure we’re not being followed.”
“Something about funny potions,” Turvey said, placing one last platter of cream puffs onto the table next to the other desserts and snapping his fingers to make all three float. “Funny potions that do funny things.”
He stumbled backwards into a mostly-full compartment when an older kid raced down the train and shoved him to the side.
you’re gonna shine.”
He heard running footsteps behind him, and sniffed loudly to gather himself. He prepared himself to be polite to whoever it was - probably Hannah, or -
His last conscious thought was,
“Okay, well,
“I haven’t detected anyone entering the bunker that isn’t supposed to be here.” Castiel said, his eyes flicking back down to his reading. “Maybe you have a ghost.”
“Well, we are in a
With a clench in his gut, knowing that this could be the worst or the best decision of his life, Dean let himself lean ever so slightly forward.
“If you ever tell me what to do, we’re done,” Castiel said, not cracking a smile. “Got it?”
"So, Dean," Charlie propped up her chin with one hand. "What House are you gonna be in?"
“This is - wow - this is interesting.” The shifter stepped forward, and Castiel tensed, but couldn’t move his feet. “Uh, stand on one foot.”
Castiel blinked, coming to an abrupt halt.
“It’s okay, really.” Dean smiled crookedly and shoved his hands into the pockets of his robes. “I know you can do that spell. I’ve seen it.”
, okay?” Dean’s hands balled into fists at his sides. “You don’t like me, and I
“Thank you, Sir,” he said, as coolly as he could, and turned away.
“The view is better from the front, you know.”
Dean purses his lips at the question.
. Listen and learn. Right, on three, then. One, two…” The upper years took a deep breath in as one, and started to sing with enthusiasm.
towards Castiel. Jo flipped through the pages and squinted at the words until she apparently came up with another question.
“They roar whenever they like,” Lisa said, giving her own flower a fond glance. “It’s not a charm. It’s a plant. I made them.”
The sphinx's tail twitched as she stretched out her front legs. “What do I gain, if I tell you?”
“Get it?” Jo said, nudging him. “Because the first half of Novak sounds like…”
Dean blew out a sharp breath.
Dean shifted uncomfortably under the gaze of dozens of paintings, but cleared his throat. “Can any of you tell me where I can find the tapestry with the trolls?”
“What would I tell
Lucky Dean.
ingredients are important in a potion.”
Philippe stared at him like the sentence he’d just said made
Was he supposed to get Castiel a present? Would Castiel expect that from him now that they were sort of friends? Did he
“Cassie!”
“That’ll be a zero for this class, too, boys. If you don’t pick up, it’ll be remedial potions for the both of you next term. Don’t think I won’t do it. I’m not having you two thinking this class is a doss all the way up to OWL, and getting me a pair of T’s.”
He tried to pull himself to his feet, and encountered some troubles. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Dean Winchester struggling similarly, their bodies bruised and aching after the fall - and that whistling was still going on, shrill and piercing, getting louder and louder as they struggled towards their abandoned broomsticks and tried to pick them up, hunched and groaning like two old men.
Castiel reminded himself mentally. That was the incantation, he was sure of it. Emphasis on the first syllable; he could remember Professor Tran saying it. How many taps had she given the teacup? One? No, it had been more than one - two, Castiel thought - two, yes, he remembered her counting them out - didn’t he?
The moment Dean crossed the threshold of the Great Hall, he picked up speed,  turning the corner down the hallway and -
“We aren’t taking sides,” she said. “You can’t use us like that to get at her. She’s our friend too.”
Novak.” Castiel gritted his teeth. Anna and Jo, again, no doubt. Still, he couldn’t deny it was true. “His name’s Ash. He wants to get into the Potions classroom… tonight. Says there’s something weird about the door, and he needs an expert.”
“What’s this?” Jo asked, when they finally arrived at the barrels at the end of the hallway.
After sticking out his tongue in concentration, Dean took a few deep breaths as he shifted his body and crouched his legs in concentration.
“Hannah,” the girl whispered. “My name’s Hannah.”
For a brief moment, at the sound of the word
kiss.”
“Not really, they’re all being super secretive about it around me. But Castiel is kind of in a mood so who
Castiel wanted to protest that he wasn’t judging her but, if he was being honest, he was very much judging her. She wanted to go behind Dean’s back, and manipulate Castiel into doing the same to Jo, and then lie about it too.
“No,” he said. “Blanket forts are kind of annoying, anyway.”
Castiel curled himself up as small as he could go. He hadn’t deserved her pride. He was nothing like the son she wanted him to be. Nothing like Michael, not even like Gabriel. All this time, she’d been trying to raise him to be good and clever and quick. And all this time, inside him, he’d been wrong. Twisted and different and…
He’d done it
“I just came over to say sorry for the wait, and to bring you some free breadsticks,” she said, keeping an eagle eye on them both. “It’ll just be another few minutes before your food is all systems go.”
“Um… it’s a potion. Well, kind of - potions, actually. Plural.”
He loved being able to go to a magical school full of magical people where he got to learn how to do magical spells in a magic way that he hadn’t thought was real until pretty recently. Every day he felt like pinching himself to make sure that this was actually his life.
“I’m expected to be the best,” Castiel said. He could see his mother’s face in his mind’s eye, her flat eyes and her stern mouth and her hunger for his excellence. “So I need to be.”
They'd all piled off the train with the assurance that their bags would be brought into their common rooms once they'd been sorted, and Dean was content, laughing out loud as they sailed across the lake. He'd started a splash war with the boat across from him and hadn't even cared when the burly teacher up front reprimanded him.
“C’mon, Garth, make space.” Directly across the table, Castiel saw Garth shuffle to his left, making room for Dean to sit down.
“So what’s for dinner then?” Dean said, waving at the other house-elves that nodded pleasantly in their direction.
“Even in Potions,” Castiel promised. He met Dean’s eyes challengingly. “I’ll beat you, at least.”
“Don’t stare, Castiel, it’s rude. Through the barrier, now.” She sent him forwards with a little push. Castiel had missed watching his brothers go through, but they were nowhere to be seen, so he guessed it must have worked. He took a few hesitant steps forwards, and then looked back at his mother. He felt as though a thousand eyes were on him, but hers certainly weren’t. She was looking back in the direction they’d come, probably waiting to give Muriel a telling-off for being late with the suitcases.
Castiel nodded.
“What do you want, anyway?” he said. “Aren’t you busy? Don’t you have any more giant squids to frighten with your face?”
A person with nearly combed hair was standing on the doorstep holding a six-pack of beer in one hand and had a sticker on his shirt that said,
“Oh,” said Castiel, the wind taken out of his sails. “Um, thank you.”
“Maybe sometimes the smartest thing is to admit you’re stupid,” she said with a little shrug. Castiel offered her a small smile, which she returned.
Dean grimaced and turned to Professor Tran, obviously expecting her to be making a similar
Roy’s breathing hitched and his teeth slowly began to retract back into his mouth, making him look much more human than he had a few seconds before, despite the blood on his face.
that was what they were. He held his slice of toast higher aloft in one hand, and let go of his robes with the other so that he could dip his fingers beneath the lake’s surface. Sure enough, when he grasped at the things floating in the dark water and pulled, he found himself holding a handful of slimy green tendrils.
Philippe was a Muggle-born?
He was partway through these exams, and he'd already been a disappointment.
The little girl was tugging on her father’s arm.
. He wanted to scream, he wanted to scream until the whole castle thought there was a banshee in here with them, the anger inside him was building up like a potion about to boil over and explode –
“Pond’s off towards the pitch after a pretty masterful fake-out from Baum, but it looks like Robinson is more than ready for her – and Pond throws to Maxwell and –
He said, scarcely able to believe that Dean had
to Lucifer. It was this thought that prompted Castiel to say,
“Don’t worry, Castiel,” he said jokingly. “I’m sure your rich dad will figure out something else to spoil you with…”
“Oh, I’d forgotten about that!”
that was the best description Castiel could think of.There was silver-coloured piping and wheels of metal twisting in a delicate, silent lattice across the bottom half – and above that were two great panels of light, whitish wood, with strange symbols carved across them, seemingly haphazardly. In the middle, between the silver metal tangle and the wood, was a band of black iron with a great ornate doorknob in the centre. If Castiel stood on tiptoe, he thought he would be able to reach it.
“Don’t trust sausage rolls.”
“Well, then,” Dean said.
Professor Gadreel looked them all over, his frown deepening, and Dean dropped his eyes to the floor. He was already on shaky ground with head of the Hufflepuff house and he didn’t want to ruin any credit he’d gained in the last few days of school.
When she did some magic…
“I am constantly reminded.”
Michael nodded slowly, only removing his hand to pat his perfectly coiffed hair back into place.
“What are we shoving?” Jo interjected as she skipped on over, sitting herself down on the other side of Castiel.
The night that Dean had meant to send his letter home, he’d gotten distracted by the mysterious door he’d discovered and by the time he’d left that strange room, he’d realized that he had to hurry back to the common room before lights out. The letter got sent the next day, after he’d dragged Garth along to show him
“I need - I need…” Castiel gasped.
Did he even care enough about that?
“That… oh, I don’t know.”
“He’s esurient. You should proceed,” Sam said.
“If you don’t know what that does, don’t point it at me,” Castiel said, raising an eyebrow until Dean moved it. “How do you exorcise a demon?”
And on top of that, he had to study for his exams - the ones that would decide whether or not he would be able to return for a second year at Hogwarts.
“Obviously.” Dean nodded his head in the direction of the hallway he’d just come from and started walking. “Did you get any inside details on the other one?”
“Shhh!”
“Oh dear; first time playing Exploding Snap?” she asked sympathetically as she opened up a small brown bottle.
that he was clever, and patient... good at puzzles, good at solving things. And maybe when the door was open, he’d bring his mother here, and he’d show her what he’d done, and he’d watch the surprise and pride unfurl on her face. This door was
The sound of silent clipping stretched on once again, but the more they focused on grooming the brooms, the faster they went, and before he knew it, they had about three quarters of the brooms clipped and looking as sleek as second (or even third) hand brooms could look.
“You were… ?” Charlie said wonderingly, and then closed her eyes. “You were actually under the table.”
This was going to be a close game, and it was going to come down to whoever caught the snitch first.
He disappeared. Castiel swallowed. He wished he could feel a spark of the rivalry that had kept him and Dean going through their first year, fighting for top spot in every class they had together. Now, with Ash, all he could feel was the weight of his mother’s expectations, the need to be the best, the hollow acceptance that Ash had done better in the class today.
Castiel stared at Dean, waiting for any sign that he was kidding, or maybe just wildly, wildly, out of touch with reality.
Castiel eyed him suspiciously.
“All the teachers,” Joshua said, as though he’d heard the thought anyway. Castiel was silent. So, this meant his mother would never be able to check up on him. Not that he’d been loaning out anything she’d find terrible, anyway, unless maybe she’d glance down the list and roll her eyes, expecting him to be more advanced.
“Yeah, that’s true.” Dean swung his legs over the side of the bed and bounded in Garth’s direction. “C’mon. It’s food time!”
“She’s just being stupid. It’ll all blow over anyway when she realises that you’re on my side and no one’s talking to her unless she quits with her dumb attitude.”
(A vampire sucking the life out of some important human).
Whoever this was hadn’t even come in here to play hide and seek. They were just reading.
Dean was already snorting to himself beside Castiel, who sighed, and read out the label in a flat tone.
” before snorting with laughter on realising everyone else had fallen quiet.
“Oh, really? My mother always just called it chess,” Castiel said. “There was a set in my father’s office that we weren’t allowed to touch. One time Gabriel tried and one of the knights bit his finger.”
The last two were called (Ravenclaw, Slytherin) and then Dean heard his own name.
“Castiel!” called Hannah from the stony shore, her voice sounding caught between amusement and concern. “Be careful…”
“You OK?” Hannah said. Castiel let out another, slower breath, and then smiled at her. Hannah’s blue eyes, touched with concern, relaxed a little.
Novak had ruined that quiz.
“What?” Castiel asked, ready to defend the name to
Hannah nodded, her little face determined. “Yes. I will.”
“Then again, I never raised you to be a Gryffindor,” she added, her tone barely disguising her distaste. Castiel’s hands were curled into little fists, so that they wouldn’t shake.
“Did Hannah go to class already?” he asked her, watching Mr Singer putting the finishing touches to a grinning pumpkin. It was still another fifteen minutes before the lunch break ended, even though the plates on the House tables had long since been cleared away. Anna turned her head warily to check the positions of the group, and then turned back to Castiel.
Dean said in exasperation, at the same time as Nick nodded his head.
“I sense something amiss.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel saw someone’s head jerk up. He looked to his left, and saw a brown-haired boy in Muggle clothing tugging at a blonde woman’s sleeve. Probably some lost Muggle-born, looking for the platform. Castiel hoped the boy wouldn’t ask Naomi for help. She could be terse at the best of times.
“You look blue,” Hannah said. Castiel checked the backs of his hands.
Dean watched as Jo chewed on her lip, glancing around her.
way? Ah, but yes. That’s right. The
Dean stared at the last bit of pie and set down his fork with a sigh.
Dean paused, still raw every time he thought about it.
Castiel turned back to see Naomi narrowing her eyes at the new arrival.
Dean could feel his grip start to loosen as he was tossed around. What was he supposed to do? Apologize to the broom for freaking out? Where was Professor Mills?
“Whether or not they are spared is not up to you to decide. You’re a good soldier, Castiel. A good commander. This constant insurrection must end.”
“And Philippe.”
“What do you mean, then?” Castiel asked.
Castiel growled and turned away. He could at least add the final ingredients to his potion; that way, he might still pass, no matter what Crowley said. He snatched for his standard herb blend - and then realised that Dean was holding up his pot of it, looking smug.
Lunch Mode had product in his hair and a sweater vest on today. He looked as good as always, though Dean did find himself missing the graphic tee and the mussed hair just a little. He’d always thought he seemed a little bit more approachable when he was panicking in the library along with everyone else.
When he’d named Gandalf, he hadn’t even bothered to imagine a scenario where he’d have to explain the name to Castiel. They were so far removed from each other at the time, he’d never thought it would come up between them - and anyone else who knew the reason probably wouldn’t have cared.
that’s how it works, yeah
He first pulled out the watch and studied it intently. It had an opal face with some sort of silver-looking metal holding it together, attached to what seemed to be black leather. Dean held onto it for a few moments, admiring it, and then he set it aside to get one of his housemates to help him put on later.
He was going to ace this part of the test, that was for sure.
“Yes, of course,” Castiel said, then raised an eyebrow at him. “You call it wizard’s chess?”
Well, this was only one Ravenclaw. His efforts wouldn’t be wasted on the others, who would surely be better prepared to mock him with in-depth knowledge of his personal House drama.
bad, I guess.”
“It’s a good book,” he said.
“You can make requests,” Castiel affirmed. “Just never tell me what to do, and we’ll at least get along decently.”
“I suppose so,” Castiel said uncomfortably. He both did and didn’t like the idea of Gabriel intervening on his behalf.
where Martin made a big ruckus at a perfectly peaceful park and tried to climb the trees and eat the bread for the ducks and sing very loudly near a sleeping baby. Martin was obliviated again and sent on his way.
Castiel’s frown deepened.
“Do you want me to sit with you?” Castiel said. She waved a dismissive hand.
it is disgusting!” With a snap of her wand through the air, fast enough that Castiel flinched, she conjured a handkerchief and thrust it at him. He took it, trying to summon up something to say to calm her down, to make her realise that this wasn’t
How could Castiel see clearly when all he did was squint all the time?
“Left hand for the first answer. Right hand for the second answer,” Professor Tran said, sending Dean a quelling look.
“Should one of us go after her?” Jo said worriedly. “She’s not great. Gordon’s still being a moron, and…”
Dean was silent for a beat; Castiel could sense him working it out. Castiel, Gryffindor, under the table. Charlie, Slytherin, walking into the Great Hall.
The familiar sensation of flight tugged at Castiel’s stomach, and he grinned to himself at the rush of air through his hair. He gripped the handle carefully, remembering Professor Mills’ pointers. Even though his legs were neatly tucked, as they should be, he could still feel his robes flapping around beneath him, and his smile faded as he gritted his teeth in annoyance. Whenever they watched a Quidditch game here in the stadium, none of the players on the House teams had to deal with the fact that their robes were swishing around and throwing them off course.
“One more thing,” Charlie smiled mischievously and glanced at the other snowballs that were still being created. “So far we haven’t been able to get them to fall for it, what with the Ravenclaws being on the team and all, but if you can get any of them to follow you back, we’ll be waiting around the corner next to the tunnel ready to shower them in some good ol’ SlytherPuff snowfall.”
He said it with a wave of his hand towards the exit, seeming to imply that Castiel needed to leave.
What was one more person to disappoint?
“About anti-muggle stuff,” Gordon said. “I heard you.”
Instead of answering Dean stared at the stone walkway beneath his feet. “Jo, what’s a Mudblood?”
Everyone was bustling around the castle in preparation for the Quidditch match. Students were trying to find their friends from other houses, some of the older students were making bets, and any straggling team members that were rushing to get to the field were clapped on the back by just about everyone they passed.
“I – I know,” Castiel said. What kind of world did Hannah live in, where people only did good things for each other because they were owed? “I’m not asking because I owe you, or because I want you to owe me, I just… you’re my friend. Thinking of you getting hurt when I’m not there makes me want to – to spell Gordon right in his stupid face!”
“Potions!” she said, and pulled them down into the blanket fort. “Castiel, did you leave them -”
Castiel rolled his eyes, shook his head… and found himself smiling.
fighting, not giving them new things to fight about. It was stupid Dean Winchester, ruining everything again - Castiel was always so annoyed by him that he forgot all the things he was supposed to be doing.
The lights turned back on, and everything returned to the way it was before, but nothing in Castiel’s life was going to be the same.
Dean turned and gruffly shoved the hand off his shoulder.
“Welcome, Dean.” He turned to see Professor Mills standing with Castiel next to her, his jaw rigid. “In case you couldn’t tell yet, tonight you two are going to be caring for every set of broomsticks that Hogwarts owns.”
"Gooooooooood morning Hogwarts, and welcome to the first match of the Quidditch season!" yelled a familiar voice, magically magnified. Cas grinned; of course Gabriel had managed to land the commentator's job. He heard Gordon talking to one of his friends in a loud voice.
“It’s okay. Are you using that book?” he asked, pointing at the Dragon book, but looking at the smaller book that Hannah was currently trying to cover in her lap.
repeats of the incident with the frog and the Engorgement Spell we had last year. Now, we’ll take it from the top!”
her toes weird?” was all that Castiel could think of to say.
Sam looked prayerful.
“Or maybe you just
She nodded and yawned as she closed the book.
was bothering him. When he’d tried to go back to the door to study it further and make drawings of the runes, he hadn’t even been able to find the room where he’d discovered it. The tapestry of the trolls had been there, alright, but there had been no door opposite; Castiel remembered how it had seemed to appear there out of nowhere before, and had run his hands over the smooth wall, and then sat and waited, watching, hoping it was some kind of time-based concealment charm that would lift for a few moments at some point. He’d wished he knew enough magic to try a revealing spell on it himself, but his knowledge didn’t stretch nearly that far.
“You think you’re faster than me?” he demanded. “Then let’s do this.”
That was the question, wasn’t it? It shouldn’t be that big of a deal, really - yes, it was unusual for a witch to be separated from their familiar, but as Dean had said, that was more about social convention than practicality, since their magic wouldn’t suffer from being apart for a short amount of time.
“Nah, it’s fine. It’s nothing I can’t handle.”
Dean smiled up at him in understanding.
Dean’s eyes darted back and forth, trying to keep up with the gameplay.
“By slaying the Assyrians, you will save Jerusalem. Surely a strategist like yourself should see the benefit.”
Dean and the others booed and hissed, trying to drown out Castiel’s clapping.
of friends”.
“Perhaps you’ll find time to study together for the upcoming exams.”
Her bushy hair looked a mess. “I have my N.E.W.T.s coming up. I have a revision schedule that
He grabbed a sandglass with
“Did you kiss her?” Philippe asked, a sly smile on his face.
they could do.
That got his attention.
What stared back at him from the mirror was definitely
“No, you have to wait three to five business days.”
“Just a hunter I met in Dallas. I think he was lying about his name, though.”
The lesson continued on, with Professor Apollyon blatantly ignoring his presence.
“I am.”
Snip.
Dean revolved his eyes, and awkwardly got a load of Castiel.
Ruby stole mine!”
“Great!” She tossed her long hair over her shoulder. “If it starts drooling a lot, don’t panic. It’s just hungry.”
“C’mon, Novak,” Ash said. “I need you. I need the guy who blows up doors. I need that…” Ash waved his hands. “That whole thing you’ve got.”
Being friends with someone who was friends with your mortal enemy sure was tough sometimes.
“We know he isn’t dead,” Dean said, sounding more relieved than he should have for someone who had been so emphatic that Sam was alive. “So, that’s good.”
When he was facing the troll tapestry again, he let out a sigh. He was tired, and worn out from crying, and his fellow Gryffindors were probably wondering where he’d got to. It was time to try to find his way back. He’d made it a few steps up the corridor, when a hand closed on his shoulder.
Castiel gritted his teeth, and was thankful for Madam Hanscum gathering the attention of the group again, readying them all to sing. He was
There was silence, but for the creak of chairs as the seated students turned to look at Professor Tran - awaiting her judgement.
“You’re disobeying orders, Castiel.”
” the Ravenclaw boy said. “
some time to himself.
Dean slowed his jog once he caught up with her and shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly as they passed various students making their way to the Great Hall.
“Fun?” Ash grinned. “What kind of fun are we talking? Explodey fun?”
“Is that a yes to the flying?”
“I don’t know,” he said. Everything felt deep and confusing. He tried to think of the last time he’d been really confused about what the right thing to do was. Casting his mind back, it was hard to pick out just one instance… everything was always confusing. But something floated to the top of his mind. Michael, his brother, telling him not to talk to Charlie, because she associated herself with Muggleborns - that had been tough. What had Castiel done about it? “I suppose I try to listen to what people say. Someone who knows a lot about it. And if I can’t decide what’s right, maybe I just sort of… don’t do anything.”
Nick stared down at his plate, and sighed loudly.
“You think I need to tell her for her to know?” he said.
“It is
“Nah,” Ash said. “Well, unless you count first-degree burns as hurt, and it’s just a simple trip up to Madam Hanscum to sort that out. Believe me, she’s great with the burn cream.”
When he smiled, it somehow looked effortlessly confident, and despite knowing nothing about who he’d become - he trusted that smile. That was a smile of someone who had it all figured out.
The two of them stood up and started belting out a song in the middle of breakfast.
And it would be directed towards
He turned to see Philippe holding out his suitcase.
“Who’s a good boy, talking to Mommy,” he teased. “I’ll see you around. Come eat with me sometimes, alright? And for Merlin’s sake, stop running away every time you see me,” he called over his shoulder, as he started to walk away. “I’m starting to feel like a Basilisk.”
“Better. We can have food whenever we want. The house-elves seem pretty generous when it comes to giving that stuff away.” He took another bite of the roll and hummed.
“Whatever. C’mon, let’s drink grog. I wanna try this stuff. Can’t believe you didn’t invite me last year.”
“Peace out,” she said, and Castiel waved an awkward goodbye.
Dean couldn’t hold back a laugh, watching Castiel skid to a stop in front of his own personal snow firing squad. The Gryffindor boy’s look of confusion turned to one of horror as snowballs began to rain on top of him.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, his brows immediately furrowing in concern as he pushed aside all thoughts of Castiel.
“Harvelle? Who do you think you are, Professor Tran?”
“He’s your
“There’s nothing wrong with the burger, at least,” Castiel said.
“That’s what we in the business call a blank check,” she said, nodding. “I’ll ask him if he’ll go for it. I think he will.”
Or perhaps Naomi had spoken to her, and asked her to be particularly firm. It sounded like something Castiel’s mother would do. He could picture her face perfectly as she earnestly asked for him not to be given any praise unless he had done something outstanding.
He remembered Jo’s words, and tried that thought again.
Philippe shushed him with a look and tiptoed to the next corner, looking down it before jerking his head in that direction. The maze was eerily quiet. Dean held his breath for a moment, listening for the sounds of Gryffindors and Ravenclaws sneaking around with snowballs of their own.
him for it?
Inside of him was a storm - a hurricane of power just waiting to be used. He could feel it raging within himself, but for now, he was in the center of it.
“I miss you.” Castiel whispered, and whatever composure he’d managed to regain was lost again as the dam finally broke. “I miss you
And so Castiel, too tongue-tied in the face of her kind authority to refuse, had ended up holding a frog in his hands – as delicately as if the slimy creature were a tower made of Exploding Snap cards, ready to go
“Cas, I - ” Dean scratched at his head with his oven-mitted hand, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Castiel googled “demon” on his phone and clicked on the Wikipedia article as they filled up the car at a gas station.
“As if,” Jo said. “You actually got that feather to levitate, didn’t you? Only took you a few more tries than Mister Know-It-All, here.” She punched Castiel lightly on the arm to take the sting out of the comment. “Or should I say, Mr Novak-It-All.”
Briefly, he considered tossing it into the lake for the giant squid to do with what it wished, but dismissed that idea pretty quickly after realizing he didn’t exactly have the money for the library fine that action would create. Nor did he want to subject the giant squid to the concept of bigotry.
Dean swallowed and nodded, running a hand through his hair with a shaky sigh.
“Oh, I know,” Jo said airily, turning back to her toast. “She told me all about it. Well, actually, she told Bela who told Ruby who told Garth who told Ed who told Anna who told me. You’re the guy who opens doors, Castiel.”
“It does feel… zany. I think it has all night.”
“Can they do magic?” Dean asked. The centaur's tail flicked.
Hannah giggled. “Really?
*************************************************************************
“Sure. But you’ve been hiding away in here all day, every day. Booooooring. My mom would say you’ll get square eyes.”
Castiel clenched his jaw.
to give the potion some body. He swallowed hard. If he wasn't accurate in his measuring, this was where Dean could easily outstrip him.
“Oh. Sorry about that, I guess I just didn’t see them -”
Castiel wanted to shrug, to answer without using words in an attempt to bring the conversation to a close, but that would surely disturb his amphibious passenger. Instead, he shook his head.
Ash lifted an eyebrow dubiously as they crossed the Entrance Hall, heading for the way down to the dungeons. Castiel raised his eyebrows.
“Dad? No, I was talking about Dean Winchester,” Gabriel said, his frown deepening. “If he’s messing with you, he better watch out. He’s picking on the wrong little brother.”
“WELL DONE, RAVENCLAW! I take back that comment about your PDA, Mullen, feel free to display whatever affection you want wherever you want! You’ve earned it! Quaffle’s back in play with Tinoshemet passing it back and forth with McKeon… aaah, don’t punch the hoops, Masters. We understand you’re upset but those poor hoops haven’t done anything to you…”
“I’ll come back for your car later. Hold on tight, okay?”
The next hour was one of the most straining - and most fun - hours of Dean’s entire life. Ravenclaw had found their spirit of competition and seemed to be soundly trouncing Slytherin. Every point that Ravenclaw scored earned them a eruption of noise that never seemed to stop. No one on the team seemed relaxed, however. All it would take was for Slytherin to earn just enough points and then catch the Snitch in order to cinch their win, and every point they earned was another point getting them closer to that goal; enough for the Slytherin Seeker to start seriously looking for the shiny golden glimmer of the Snitch.
“Mhmm.”
The table Dean was sitting at had two older students chatting at one end, and Castiel, Ash, Hannah, Lisa, Philippe, and himself at the other end, loudly eating and talking about how fantastic the chocolates had been - much to Ash’s immense pleasure, and Hannah’s occasional worried glances towards where the teachers were sitting.
"April Fools' day?? More like April FEELS day" - K_K_TiBal
“Or you could just go and get it over with. Then you guys wouldn’t be mad at each other,” Dean suggested. Truth be told, he’d liked it much better when Jo and Anna weren’t fighting. Sure, their rivalry usually meant that Jo sided with him on a lot more things now, because Anna would side with Castiel, but he knew that they both hated that they were fighting - and it didn’t seem worth them losing their friendship over.
“That –” Dean said, and then coughed. “That was not what I expected.”
Castiel’s stuttering died in his throat as he stared back at Dean, eyes wide.
Cas shook his head sharply and let out a breath.
They wound their way up to the North Tower, chatting about this and that, nothing too important. Castiel learned that Dean learned piano during the holidays, even though he wanted to learn to play guitar. He told Dean about how his mother thought music was a waste of valuable time.
Maybe, Castiel considered suddenly, her parents weren’t even wizards. Maybe Hannah was a Muggle-born.
“No.”
Castiel recalled his moment of instant regret, earlier, and mentally doubled it.
Castiel narrowed his eyes.
“Sir,” he said, approaching the front desk. Crowley, who was watching the whole class with those bright, beady dark eyes, held out his hand for the paper.
my birth parents could be anyone.” Philippe sniffed. “That’s another reason that being obsessed over blood-status is stupid. It doesn’t matter.”
It looked a lot like Castiel, but Dean couldn't be sure. He didn't linger.
“Don’t worry,” Castiel kept saying in a low, calm voice. “It’s all OK. Don't worry.”
Dean fumbled as he tied the letter to the leg of the owl.
? I had a report that page fifty-one was missing.”
Anna had fallen back to speak to them, too, her long red hair swirling in the cold wind as she waited for them to catch up.
spell that she’d mentioned in class, only he hadn’t been able to remember the incantation and he hadn’t wanted to make a fool of himself - particularly since Dean Winchester had been sitting right in front of him as usual, and any slip-up was sure to result in a smug smile right across that annoying, freckled face.
“And you got away with it?” Dean asked, awestruck by this revelation.
“Thanks, Gabe,” he said quietly. Gabriel grinned at him.
Dean folded his arms in front of his chest and waited for the next question. He would normally have no problem lowering himself to that level, but today he was going to be the bigger man just to one-up Castiel again.
necessary for you to revise in your own time, in the coming weeks. There is only so much homework and class time that I can give you. Think of these tests as the beginning of your examination careers, that will ultimately end in the N.E.W.T.s when you leave the school.” Castiel listened attentively, making sure to
if he did, of course, but there were plenty of school owls to use whenever he wanted to send a letter home. Besides, he had never seen anyone
The guns paused in mid-air as Dean frowned momentarily. “This?” He repeated the movement. “A finger gun?”
One of the people he’d met in the corridors had been a boggart, then.
“You’re in your forties.”
Dean licked his lips as he remained pressed against the wall, trying to digest what had just happened. Was Ruby crying? Because of
Arthur tilted his head ever so slightly.
For now, he’d just have to find the shifter, and dispatch of it before it could open its mouth.
“Alright, I wanna try one now,” Dean said, making a grab for the box, but not before Castiel moved it just out of reach. “Oh, come on, Cas -”
“Still declined.”
Here at Hogwarts, he hadn’t wanted any expectations. He’d thought about telling all his friends, of course he had, but… he didn’t think he could have borne the feeling of telling them all and getting excited, only to have them completely ignore it, breeze past it like it was nothing. Instead, he’d decided to keep completely quiet.
“No,” Michael said sharply, sounding just like Naomi. “He doesn’t work in that department.”
Castiel turned to point a finger at Dean sternly when he started to look too happy. “- you’re
He let go.
Think about what you need, and pace three times.
Garth’s shoulders slumped as Philippe took up the rest of the space on their couch, lounging very much like a cat, while Nick took up a respectable amount of space next to Dean.
“’She’ is fine,” she said quietly. A few moments after Anna had nodded and looked away, she added even more softly, “Thank you for asking.”
He couldn't keep the tiniest note of respect out of his voice, though - and Castiel hugged that to himself as he splashed back through the shallows, sodden robes clinging to his ankles.
Castiel when he wasn’t trying to impress people just to impress them, when he wasn’t constantly trying to prove he was better than everyone.
Dean hugged the book to his chest as he left - and smiled.
Castiel paused just before starting the car.
“Cas,” Anna said, “if you’re interested... there’s a rougarou in Dallas. The hunters over there can’t seem to find it, just its victims. I’ll bet they could really use your area of expertise?”
Dean seemed to be feeling the same way; Castiel watched the light behind his eyes leaving. For a second, he dithered over asking Dean why it happened like this, sometimes - why they could seem like friends, until they remembered they weren’t. What was it about them that was keeping them apart?
When Dean opened his eyes there was a small table directly in front of him with a large roll of gauze, some safety pins, and a first aid kit just like the one his mom had under the kitchen sink back home resting on top. He hadn’t heard anyone or anything move a desk around and it
“The broom cupboard. Like I said.”
“I didn’t – I always thought…” Castiel said, not knowing what to say.
Dean made a dramatic gagging noise and made sure to roughly bump shoulders with Castiel as he walked out of the Hospital Wing, and headed back down to his common room.
“No,” Castiel replied.
“Um,” Dean rubbed at his head again. “What do you mean?”
“Vol- vol- volubilis,” Anna read out. “Volubulus. Bilis. Bilius. What’s this do?”
“You know…” Castiel heard Anna say, though he was staring into the empty cup, “not everyone has the stomach for hunting. That’s okay. No one’s going to think of you any differently if -”
Dean gaped as he looked around what could only be described as the Great Hall. But it
What the
wanted to apologize.
It was fine.
Dean had remembered.
“I was -” Castiel swallowed his protests. “Alright. I… yes.”
“I don’t think so,” Castiel said.
This year was… different, to say the least.
It was almost endearing how he scrambled to slap a hand over his mouth and popped a dozen or so bubbles in the process.
Two more bites. That was all it would take.
Of course switching common rooms hadn’t fooled the house elves.
He ignored it.
After a good amount of time filled with shouting answers and (sometimes) playing dirty, Jo flipped to one last page and told them it was the last question she was going to ask because she was tired and still had to write an essay before bed, and this was a stupid contest anyway.
“Like from the bible?” Castiel clarified, taking in Dean’s less-than-angelic appearance. Not that he wasn’t, you know,
“Do not forget, little one... I won’t.”
“A table for how many?” asked a woman in a smart black shirt and tight ponytail.
“Well?” prompted Philippe.
“So, to recap, Dean kissed Lisa, and Philippe hasn’t kissed anyone.”
“She wouldn’t…” Hannah began, but Anna cut her off.
Dean blinked when he stepped into the room, surprised by the incredible darkness that had settled over the area. Normally, the large windows behind Professor Novak’s desk were open and pouring in sunlight, while candles were also burning where they were hung on the wall. Never before had it been pitch black.
“Come on, Novak, make a decision,” Professor Tran said impatiently. Castiel gritted his teeth, and then put up his left hand as well. If Winchester was right, there was no way he was going through to the next question without Castiel. If that happened, he might actually
“You shouldn’t have shifted to haul in the firewood. I could have done it on my own,” he said, and regretted it as soon as the words left his lips.
I love you. You’re -
She finally looked up, her cheeks tinged pink in what must have been embarrassment.
Castiel looked at the pawn on the chess board that Jo had used to win.
“You glow, and you add weird markings onto yourself.” Dean leaned back on his arms. To be fair, the Door hadn’t changed since that second time he’d come across it, and he’d been back at least a dozen times throughout the school year.
And with that, she trotted away.
“What?” Dean rolled his eyes, suddenly glad he had eyebrows again. “Come to gloat some more? We could always go out and have another snowball fight and see who’s laughing by the end of it.”
“Ah, it – hmm.” Joshua tapped on his chin. “Let’s see. If this book were someone’s diary, an account of everything they’d ever done – good and bad – would you want to burn it?”
Dean sunk low in his seat and flipped the test back over to the front side.
She gave him a curt, meaningful nod, and walked away.
“Yeah,” Jo tapped her hand against her leg. “But so far, I think all the guesses have to be about Castiel, because that’s what Dean keeps acting out.”
“Let’s just study,” Castiel repeated, attempting to sound calming. “Look, you can borrow my Potions textbook.” He pushed it towards her, trying not to feel like a zookeeper pushing a manticore’s dinner into its cage. Jo snatched the book up bad-temperedly and wrenched it open. Castiel watched the spine snap with a wince.
Castiel raised an eyebrow.
“Maybe I will,” she said, and Charlie’s eyes twinkled as she looked back to Castiel.
“DOWN! EVERYONE DOWN TO THE FLOOR
He slumped low in his seat as he heard the tittering of his classmates around him. What was the point of having him complete the spell if he was just going to end up being punished anyway? A sudden thought popped into his head. They didn’t send an owl to your parent telling them their child got detention, did they? The last thing he needed was for his father to find out he’d gotten in trouble and would use that as an excuse to pull him out of Hogwarts and into a Muggle school.
Castiel slammed on the brakes and turned to face Dean.
Dean didn’t have to be told twice.
At Dean’s request Castiel had already contacted an angel named Charlie on his new angelic radio and told her what had happened with Sam and Dean. Castiel didn’t know anything about her besides that Dean seemed to trust her, but she’d sounded righteously angry at Arthur, and had promised to take care of everything.
have to be. Otherwise…” Naomi drew herself up.
"Hey, Dean," Garth said, "You've got some robes, right? You should probably change into them soon."
“Well. You know. Guess you should take it back with you.”
“Me too,” he managed, after a few moments.
Biting his lip, Castiel shook his head once - and then stopped, and nodded instead.
Dean checked behind him and saw that his dorm-mates had left him alone to go to the Hufflepuff table. Not that he blamed them, but he didn’t want them to think that he was sitting here to be…
It was nine fifty-nine in the evening and Castiel was wearing a well-pressed suit, a baby-blue tie, and a frown.
“Let’s go over that part again!” Madam Hanscum called, picking up her wand and pointing at the phonograph, restarting the song. “Can we please get the diction perfect on that last line? Wendelin was
“Man, I kind of hope you’re wrong, Philippe. I don’t wanna see one of those.”
“Maybe you
Gabriel blinked down at him, a complicated expression on his face that Castiel didn’t understand. Gabriel flicked a glance over at the Gryffindor table.
“Wow, how crazy was
"It's Jellie time." - K_K_TiBal
“Hey!” Castiel called, the sound out of his mouth before he'd thought about it. He sounded more aggressive than he'd meant to, and gave an awkward, soft half-wave to take the edge off. Dean looked down at him, and mockingly returned the same gesture.
“Fuck you, Naomi,” Castiel spat, and set his knife down onto the ground next to him as dread crept back into his heart.
But the question felt too awkward in an already awkward conversation.
The word sent Castiel’s heart into a flurry.
“But, Professor -” Dean said, a little desperately, as Castiel met his eyes with a cool expression across the desk. Professor Tran stymied him with a repressive hand.
There was as brief pause at the table as the Hufflepuff roommates thought to themselves.
It was the most Muggle-looking thing that Dean had seen in the entirety of his stay at Hogwarts.
“I told you we should have bought two.” Castiel said, eyeing Dean as he cut off another large portion of the recently purchased funnel cake and dangled it over his mouth before dropping it inside. “But, no. You said you weren’t hungry enough for a whole one.”
“How about something a little more practical,” she said, and Castiel repressed a reflexive groan. Practical magic played so much more into Dean’s strengths than his own…
But Castiel was smiling at him, and Dean couldn’t help but smile back.
“No, you’re not. I’m being unreasonable.” Castiel wrung his hands together and shook his head. “I’m your witch. It’s my job to protect you, and I’m not -”
Castiel said nothing, too ashamed, his eyes tracing patterns on the stone floor.
“Uh, you know, like -“ Dean swallowed and turned back towards Max, “- it’s totally fine that you thought we were - together. You know. And we could be! But we’re not. But not because….we think we can’t.”
Silly Martin Miggs.
“Yeah, that makes sense.”
“I’m going back to my common room,” Ash said. “You?”
He’d already been here for an hour, waiting for something to happen. So far nothing, and he’d already
Dean followed his gaze, but it was just the teacher’s table. Professor Tran and Professor Novak were the only teachers still left.
“Great!” Jenna reached out and patted him on the shoulder once. “I can’t make any promises, but I’d like to at least see you at tryouts, okay?”
well in, are the classes he has with you.” Ash ran a hand through his hair. “He probably needs you to whip him into shape in order to have that drive to win. Kinda funny, huh?”
The first head looked disgruntled. A hand appeared out of the blanket fort hole, and shoved the second head back down. Hannah made a little squeak of protest as she was pushed back out of sight, and only Anna’s disembodied head remained.
Castiel gritted his teeth together as he stood on one foot.
He slid them off and placed them on top of the gloves his mother had given him, and then returned his attention to the rest of his presents. Michael hadn’t given him anything, as usual, but Gabriel had given him the same gift he always gave Castiel – a big pack of Bertie Bott’s Every-Flavour Beans. Ever since he was tiny, Castiel had loved the danger of them, though he hadn’t usually been allowed to have any at home – but for Christmas, Gabriel had always managed to find a way to sneak some into the house for his little brother.
Dean frowned. “That doesn’t really seem worth it. What if I don’t wanna do it?”
The sounds of demonic screaming eventually stopped as Castiel heard Dean finish the exorcism in the other room - probably had it memorized - and Castiel slumped where he sat with his back pressed against a wall.
Castiel looked up at her.
Dean walked up to the giant door and jumped high, grabbing onto the metal knob with a huff and dangling in the air for a few moments.
“Settle down,” Crowley said irritably. “I am going to hand your papers back to you. Your practical mark is on the left at the top. Underneath it is your theory paper mark. Your total is on the right. As with the rest of your exams, I assume, above fifty percent will give you a pass mark. Consider me impressed by anything over eighty percent. If you received over ninety percent, you have earned five House points.”
The two of them jumped as the librarian gently shushed them from across the room.
“Worth it?” Anna whispered, casting a glance over her shoulder at Jo, who was very deliberately reading the textbook in front of her, eyebrows slightly raised, clearly and resolutely
“My name is Professor Mills. I’ll be your flying instructor this year, as well as your referee in the coming years if any of you end up playing on your House team.”
Okay. All he had to do was wait a good few minutes for Philippe to -
“I have heard from Joshua,” Naomi said, “that you have been spending a great deal of time in the library this year.”
thing? Honour. That was it. There was no
“One hundred percent sure.”
“Two in a row - I thought you didn’t like direct orders -”
“Easiest?” Jo put a hand on her hips and frowned. “It’s nearly lights out. We’re not allowed out of bed, or anywhere near the broom cupboard if you’re not on the house team.”
“You really don’t have any experience negotiating, do you, Novak?” she said, smiling at him. She had her hands on her hips, now, looking down at him with benevolent pity as though she were his kindly great-aunt, not an eleven-year-old student with a seeming bint for dealing in trades and trouble.
“What’s got you all smiley?” Madam Hanscum said about ten minutes later when she walked back into the hospital wing with a few boxes of dittany floating behind her.
Dean loved Hogwarts.
Castiel would say.
Was that Castiel?
“Yes,” he said. “It was a birthday gift from Dad. From – from my father, Professor.”
The first one turned over. A unicorn.
“Join us,” Jo said.
Dean sat cross-legged before it, staring up at the immense structure and internalizing as much as he could about it. He tried to make sense of the gears and the belts that were interwoven throughout the construction of it, seeing as that was really the only thing he had much of a chance at understanding. The sigils were lost on him and probably would be forever, but the Muggle bits… he could try and ask his dad about it over the summer if he worked up enough nerve.
a rougarou. It had taken Castiel the better part of three hours to investigate the first victim, notice his credit card was still active, and find him on an ATM security feed with a bright lens flare in his eyes.
His steps eventually took him towards the Owlery. He’d traced a path back and forth between the Hogwarts corridors so much lately, nose stuck in his book, that he was starting to give himself cabin fever even in a castle. The walk up to the Owlery was bracing, and it felt as though it did him good, even in the early dark of the midwinter evening.
gesture. Castiel pulled a surprised face. “I didn’t know that you could read.”
“It must have taken them a lot of work to get the food that shape, Dean,” he said, after swallowing. “You don’t have to be saber-rattling about it.”
! The door is open.”
Should we tell a teacher?” he said in a panicked whisper. “What should we do?”
“We need to leave,” Castiel mumbled, and shakily took out the keys to his car.
and stretched high into the sky with what was (maybe three? four??) pairs of wings scraping the clouds even further above everything. He was flaming rings and rotating divine faces that Dean could barely comprehend - he was raw power and all-knowing eyes.
“Yes, Professor,” Castiel said quietly. Surely she couldn't fault him for that? Or was he supposed to be more like Gabriel, easygoing and never seen studying?
-------------------------------------
“I… I didn’t -” he started, and then stopped.
ninety-two percent, amigo.”
“If I have to come in there after you, there’s gonna be hellfire, boy!”
“Fine!” Castiel paused his climbing and sighed very loudly, probably to make sure Dean was
All Dean had to do was make a face before Castiel’s eyes opened, and that would make Jo laugh.
“Ah, yeah. Listen, I’ve had men give me fake names before too and sometimes that’s just how it is the morning after and it doesn’t mean that you’re -”
No, it wasn’t defeat, Castiel reminded himself, as he placed the books back onto the shelves where they belonged, standing on tiptoe to slide them home. This was a tactical retreat, not a surrender. Not a
Out of sheer curiosity, and maybe stupidity, Castiel turned to the source material about angels.
It didn’t matter.
“Uh,” Dean said, at the same time as Castiel said,
“Which Novak are we talking about?”
.” he said in a higher voice than he would have liked as he turned back around. “A secret passage! I wonder how many of them there are, here.”
“Sounds boring,” Dean said. “This is much better. See, this is sort of three books in one.
Castiel just rolled his eyes, but luckily he seemed annoyed enough to glance back up the staircase. “Never mind,” he muttered and turned around, stomping up the stairs. “If you’re getting yourself into trouble I don’t want to be involved.”
Castiel wasn’t sure if he should be hopeful or terrified of an angel finding out about him.
“You will call me Professor Novak whilst we are at Hogwarts,” Naomi snapped. “We spoke about that at home. And you obviously didn’t ask properly.”
he thought, and then remembered that he was one.
Ava smiled and wiped the remaining tears from her face with a smile.
“I also miss the peace and quiet.” Castiel said flatly.
Dean looked over at Castiel and cleared his throat before smiling at her.
“Mr Novak,” she said coldly, “I am your Professor. Revealing your result to you early would be absurdly unprofessional.” She glared at him. Castiel swallowed hard. “You disappoint me.”
Castiel looked back at Dean, and felt even more anger rolling through him - this time, anger at Dean’s stupidity in thinking he could get away with this. Anger, and slight pity.
Technically, Dean didn’t need to fill his car up on gas anymore, but there was still a gas station just down the street from where his new home was placed. He didn’t need to sleep, but he still had a large king-sized bed he made sure to make use of at least once a day. He didn’t need to eat, but there was a thriving supermarket that catered to whatever he was feeling like eating and always boasted the freshest ingredients for when he wanted to get a little fancy with his cooking.
“Yes,” Castiel said.
Given the company that he’d apparently be keeping over the holidays – Hannah and Ash notwithstanding, of course – Castiel was almost tempted to ask whether he could take her up on that offer immediately. But he couldn’t even begin to imagine what his mother would do if Castiel fled the castle with a Gryffindor friend instead of spending Christmas with her and the rest of the family, just because he didn’t want to come into contact with a certain Hufflepuff.
A few suited men buffeted past Castiel on their way to catch the train from Platform 10, almost knocking him over in their hurry. He started to move towards the barrier. Time to get out of the way. At a brisk pace, he stepped right up… he was getting closer, and then…
sleepover,” she said. “By invitation only.”
Lisa sucked in a breath and stomped her foot, letting out a high-pitched noise of excitement as she did so again, and again, and then began pacing around the room from half a foot in the air.
“Don’t make me do this to you, Cas.”
“Conjuring, Professor?” he said.
don’t love you.” Jimmy said, like it was the kind of fact you could drop casually. “Though even I will admit, as a happily married heterosexual man, that having a man as handsome as you proclaim your love to me in the middle of a grocery store was very exciting.”
His footsteps echoed on the castle floors. Was that definitely just the one set of steps he could hear? He quickened his pace, remembering what Hannah had said about seeing some kind of shadow. He went round a corner - and thought he could see something down the far end of the corridor he’d turned into.
“I want to catch up with the lion cub,” he said, nudging Castiel in the side. “I heard you got pretty beat up in your Flying Class, little bro.”
“The curtain ties are a nice touch,” Jo commented.
For a moment, they both turned to contemplate the door. After a few seconds, Castiel pointed his wand at it and muttered,
Dean rubbed at his head where he’d smacked it against the forest floor and nodded, shamefaced.
Now Castiel was going to think that’s why Dean had helped her during the exam.
“Left is the right hand if you think the first answer is correct,” said Professor Tran.
“Why not?”
“Uh, wait. She can’t stay,” interrupted one of the boys – the tall one – taking a step closer, looking back towards the other two boys for support. The girl’s grip on Castiel’s hand tightened for a second, and then she dropped her hold. “She’s a
Dean rushed forward, cart forgotten, and skidded to a halt in front of Cas, just as he looked up in surprise.
“I am.”
“You know what? I hate you,” she said. Castiel blinked. “I hate you!”
He only realised when he got back to the Gryffindor common room that the watch was still in his hands. He ran up to his dormitory and shoved it away under his mattress for now, making a mental note to fetch it later so that he could take it and try to find something about it in the library.
“So, what do you think so far?” Dean asked, licking the frosting off his fingers. “Better than the Gryffindors’?”
Dean could hear yelling in the distance as they descended into the field. Castiel had somehow managed to slow their fall enough to keep him from dying, but not enough to keep them from tumbling roughly onto the grass when they finally landed.
Castiel tried to push thoughts of Hannah’s family out of his mind. He knew who
“Is there something wrong? I’m very good at problem-solving.”
“Because that’s my brother. He’s missing.”
of me. He’s using me. There’s a difference.” Castiel swung the door open and slid into the front seat before Arthur could change his mind. “If you want him back so bad - help him find his brother.”
pressure of heritage.” She seemed to speak more to herself than to Castiel when she said - more quietly - “It is a blessing and a curse.”
“Castiel,” Lucifer said, needing no more greeting than his name. “Shouldn’t you be in class?”
the one who should have been in Ravenclaw.”
“Dean!”
Dean tried to keep a smile from his face, not wanting to show Ash how badly he wanted to know everything about it.
“Why?”
Gabriel snorted, and ruffled Castiel’s hair. Castiel didn’t bother to shrug him off; he’d fix it when his older brother left, after the inevitable future rufflings.
He turned and saw Jo chewing on her lip.
“She can stay if she wants to stay,” Castiel said sharply, when the girl didn’t speak.
“See ya later, buddy,” Dean said, waving at Gandalf and then shoving his hands in his pockets as he made his way back down to the common room.
“I’ll show you where it is sometime, if you like.” Charlie’s smile curled into a smirk. “If you grab me some sweets from the kitchen tomorrow.”
What a House.
Gandalf hooted once, and Dean nodded.
And suddenly, Castiel still didn’t know, but he had a guess.
Dean stared at Castiel over the body of the vampire they'd just taken down. Dean's knife, a familiar weight gripped in one hand, was clean. It was Castiel's blade that was bloodied, Castiel who had struck the final blow.
“I’ve read that they can do some things, but not spells or anything, because they aren’t allowed wands. I think if they had wands, they’d be able to do some things pretty well, but not like we can.” He paused, wondering if he was explaining himself well. “They wouldn’t be as good as proper wizards, I don’t think. Maybe they’d be good in their own way, though, and it’s not fair to compare us with them. Like with Muggle-borns.”
Bela rolled her eyes.
Grumpily, he trudged back down the stairs to an unknown location and figured exploring the castle a little more wouldn’t hurt, seeing as there was still so much about it he didn’t know.
“Hey,” Dean said stopping one of the house elves, a tiny one wearing the same red pillowcase they all had on. “Is Turvey around?”
There was a warm, flowing sensation that felt like it was wrapping around the bottom of his foot up to the base of his leg, cocooning the injured area in an invisible, comfortable wrapping. Dean’s laugh of surprise turned to a shout of pain as he lost control of the spell and felt a burning sensation grip tightly to his ankle instead.
“Why’d you do that?”
“That’s his business,” Jo said tartly. “I wanna know why
“Pretend?” Castiel said. Hannah looked to Dean, who nodded enthusiastically.
“Well. Thread-gazing, if you want to be precise,” Spangler clarified. He pointed a finger at the ceiling. “Look, I can see the dog star.”
are they? Lucifer doesn’t
anymore. It was the same feeling as when he’d blown up the doors, only different, more controlled – he was a failure, yes, but since he was already a failure, he could fail at whatever else he wanted, and it could hardly make things
“Alright,” Dean muttered, and flailed a little before attempting to propel himself back towards the dock towards the angry caretaker.
Castiel tossed his coat onto a nearby chair and turned to see Dean poking his head out of his room with a smile. He felt a thud of delight in his chest - partly his own, of course, but part of it with the distinct feel of
In all honesty, Dean felt bad for Ruby, but he was also getting gradually more annoyed with the way she was acting.
Dean squinted and studied the boy with the dark hair that had briefly glanced back. It sure seemed like it could be. Man, it would be
a big deal,” Castiel said, frowning at Dean’s forced nonchalance. “It’s getting worse.”
is your common room?” Jo said, mouth gaping open once they’d made it inside. She stared up at the plants hanging from the ceiling. No sunlight was currently pouring through the windows above, but they still provided a neat ambiance. “It’s so… round!”
Garth took a few moments to catch his breath before he tugged on Dean’s arm. “No time - snowball fight - losing - Gryffindors! C’mon!”
“Never,” Nick said seriously, before shoveling another heaping scoop of eggs into his mouth. “At least, not that I know of. They just… always know right where to go.”
“Dean!” She let out a breath and smiled at him. “I’m sorry, I was… not paying attention.”
Castiel opened his mouth, closed it, and cocked his head at Dean curiously, feeling a bit braver than he had before Max.
Not exactly true - Castiel had a vague area to search, and Dean had forgotten to mention that he could see their true demonic faces.
Ruby hiccuped and wiped at her eyes again, trying to retain a grimace. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter anyway. I’m still-”
“I’m reading,” Castiel answered quickly.
spell and make all the consequences disappear. Can you imagine if that worked on Mom?”
He stood with his hands on his hips, glaring at the framework. There was no way that the strange writing on the wood wasn’t important but he had absolutely no idea where to start when it came to that. If it was some magical language, then Dean as a Muggle-born would be woefully behind in his knowledge and would just have to keep an eye out for any similar markings in textbooks or something. But maybe it was like… hieroglyphs? Half of the Door did look very muggle-like, after all, with all the cogs and gears.
“Yup,” Charlie said, and Castiel could hear the grin in her voice. “Castiel Novak’s playing, too. He’s one of the ones that started it. Him and his brother Gabriel.”
Not really.
“Breakfast?” Hannah finally said, one hand on her stomach. “I’m hungry.”
“Excuse me?”
Jo threw her hands up into the air with a dramatic breath. “I don’t
“So, Mr. Winchester, firstly I’d like to let you know that you’re not in trouble.” Professor Gadreel folded his hands together on the table in a way that didn’t make Dean
“You have superiors?” Castiel asked curiously.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and nodded, edging his way back towards the entrance of the compartment. "Sorry. I didn't mean to - I'll just -"
“Well... I might as well get it over with,” he said aloud, trying to sound upbeat even though his heart was skittering with sudden nerves at the idea of talking with his brother. They hadn’t so much as said ‘hello’ to each other since September. “I’ll go and see what he wants.”
Castiel could feel tears building up again. Somehow, over the past couple of weeks, he’d managed to start thinking about the relationship between himself and Dean as a problem – like a question that his mother would fire at him across the dining room table, and all he had to do was think hard enough to be able to come up with the right answer. It had been comforting to think that an answer was out there. A puzzle wasn’t painful, it was solvable. But standing there in the cold, with Anna’s earnest eyes watching him, Castiel felt the hurt in his chest redoubling.
“Hey,” said the tall boy. “You’re a
“Protesting too much, much?”
A tear had slipped down Sam’s face by the time he turned back.
“Doesn’t sound too helpful,” Garth said.
wrong. But ‘sorry’ isn’t going to bring that woman back.”
Castiel snorted.
“You will.”
“Theoretically.” Castiel scratched at the back of his neck and shrugged his shoulders. “I… bought a map today. It says there’s a waterfall just past the next town and into the forest a little. It might be worth it to just look and see…”
And besides that, they both knew that of the two of them, Dean was the rarity. He was the one who shouldn’t be risked.
“Girls against boys?” suggested Billie, looking around and counting up the students she could see.
Weird name.
here is too chicken to try one.”
There, standing with his arms folded against his chest - and with a sterner look on his face than Dean had ever seen - was their head of house: Professor Gadreel.
Dean let out a laugh.
Castiel hung his head. He wanted to say something - to tell his mother how hard he'd worked, every day of the school year, to try to live up to her wishes. To prove to her that he wasn't - wasn't defective, as she had said. He wished he could pour his memories into her hands, show her all the times he'd missed meals to study up before a quiz or sat alone in the library, knowing that his friends were in the common room relaxing and joking together.
what sort of sleepover it’s going to be.”
“Well. This night just got a lot more fun.”
Almost.
“I think I’ll be good at this game.”
“It’s OK,” he said to them. “It’s alright.” He remembered suddenly that tentacles didn't have eyes, and wondered where the body of the Giant Squid was - wondered if it could even see him -
“How nice of you.”
the Ravenclaw boy whispered in Castiel’s ear. Castiel couldn’t help a small smile at that. Turning his head, he leaned forwards just a bit, far enough to see Anna standing three places away down the line. She beamed at him and nodded her head, and Castiel nodded back. Amphibious Nigellus shuffled in his hands and offered up an irritable
“Do you know how prestigious our family tree is? Do you even care, Castiel?”
Now Castiel stared at him blankly, actually oblivious.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed at the jab and his shoulders immediately hunched in a defensive stance.  “I suppose you’re here to write the Potions essay?” He asked, his eyes flicking to the red book. “Sad. I finished it two days ago. You’re falling a little behind don’t you think? You seem to do a lot of falling. Brooms included.”
He yanked his wand away and gripped onto the door tightly as he began to breathe deeply. Alright then. No magic he didn’t know yet. Dean closed his eyes tightly, wishing that there was some way he could get ahold of some gauze so he could wrap up his ankle tightly until he could make it to the hospital wing. His dad had shown him at least five different ways to wrap up a broken bone thanks to his training. Too bad Hogwarts was a
“There, you see? You’re exactly where you’re supposed to be. You’ll learn to love us.” Castiel smiled wryly at her, and she beamed back at him before leaning around to look at Hannah.
“Oh, we have got to check this out.” Dean grinned and glanced back over to Garth, who was suddenly looking hesitant.
“Well, you shouldn’t have said you’d only go to bed when you won, then, should you?” Hannah said, and Castiel wished he could contradict her. In hindsight, telling Hannah that he’d only call it a night when he’d won a round of Exploding Snap had been an error. Eighteen rounds later, he’d been distinctly purple and very, very tired, and he’d laughed so hard in utter bemusement at his seemingly permanent bad luck that his sides had hurt.
“We were having a sleepover,” Dean added, twisting the hospital bed blanket in his hands. “And Phi- um, someone got a broom for us to play games on. We thought it would be fun.”
The feast ended abruptly, the food disappearing and the scraping of benches replacing the previous roar of rowdy chatter. Castiel stood up and followed the sound of a light, authoritative voice calling for the first-years to follow behind. Castiel fell into line behind Jo, with Anna behind him. He kept his eyes low as they moved off, not wanting to watch the Ravenclaw first years being led away to their common room, with the riddling eagle guarding its entrance. He’d been worrying for weeks about answering those riddles; he’d burrowed through every book of them that he could find over the summer, researching in the quiet corners of Cloudesley Street when he was sure that his brothers couldn’t watch him. And all for absolutely nothing. All he had to do now was offer a password to the stupid old Fat Lady. Castiel was so lost in resentment that he barely noticed the castle around him, the moving staircases, the portraits that whispered and pointed as he passed, the soaring hallways and the flickering, warm candlelight shining from the walls.
“I’d better get back to returning my books. I can’t have any left checked out - I hear Joshua comes after you with a broom handle if you leave Hogwarts with a single one of his precious tomes.” His tone indicated that Joshua was something of a joke.
Dean murmured his thanks and took a sip, humming as the sweetness hit his tongue.
He moved on to the next desk where a girl with dark hair was hidden behind a large, red book with “
All he had to do was occupy his brain with other things, which was easy to do as December rolled around - for two specific reasons.
he said in a sing-song voice.
“I don’t know… I hope so.” She said slowly. “It probably will, right?”
“Just so everyone knows, Team Bleen is ahead by two points!” Gabriel called out, to groans and cheers from different quarters of the crowd.
There was a little flurry of groans and whispers in the dungeon, soon silenced by a quelling glare from Crowley. Castiel himself felt his brain jamming, too nervous to feel either relief or disappointment. He had no idea if he remembered the recipe or not. He had a feeling that he’d managed to crisp this potion to the sides of his cauldron, when he’d tried to make it in class.
“Oh? By all means - tell me about your complaint, Mr Winchester.”
Castiel considered her carefully. Charlie was obviously a significant grape on this vine that she was talking about, and Castiel’s decision now would get around the other first-year students and beyond pretty quickly. If he turned her down, she’d probably call him stuck-up and boring. If he said yes, the story would almost certainly reach the ears of people who would not be best pleased – be they his mother, or Michael, or even Mr Singer. The caretaker had been so kind; it would be a poor way to repay him if Castiel were to blow up another one of the castle’s doors just weeks later.
“Where are we going?” Dean yelled as he scooped up a handful of snow and compacted it into a ball.
Lucifer was smiling. He shook Castiel’s shoulder gently.
The door opened without a creak, the hinges working as smoothly as silk. Castiel stood framed in the doorway as it opened, and the room was revealed.
Dean bent his knees and clicked his tongue as he shot some finger guns in her direction.
What if Dean wasn’t here? What if Castiel had to go looking for him all over the castle? What if that really had been Dean in the hallway? Castiel tried to push away the nagging questions.
They were trudging their way up to the owlery, having a conversation Dean had already had plenty of times previously, but not with Castiel.
“Who’s
“Sure. Like you don’t want to know.”
“Sure do,” he said. “You should join. Also, speaking of things you should do…” he gestured behind Castiel, who turned to see Naomi sweep into the room and head straight for the staff table. Castiel gulped at the sight of her forbidding expression.
“Yeah. I think you make the most sense out of anyone in at least this five foot area. Maybe even the hallway.”
But that was fine. He was sure that his parents were just... busy, or something.
“Yeah, you could have done Gryffindor,” said another voice that wasn’t Gabriel’s, or Hannah’s, or Ash’s. Castiel paused in the act of getting out from under the table, frowning in surprise, and then pulled himself upright and made his emergence. Standing at various points throughout the hall were at least ten students - Gabriel and Hannah were there, as were Charlie, Spangler, Zeddmore, Thaddeus, Lisa Braeden, a few older students Castiel didn’t know, probably third years - and, bizarrest of all, Billie Reaper. Her lips quirked into a smirk as Castiel’s wide-eyed gaze turned into all-out gaping at the sight of her. She was standing closest to him, her hands on her hips, robes falling neatly over her strong, athletic body.
“C’mon,” she said. “It’s Christmas! Let’s go find Ash.”
“Can we
Well. He, on the other hand, wouldn’t exactly be
Castiel pushed harder against the outermost circle. Smoothly and silently, it turned clockwise.
“Ravenclaw Tower,” he repeated, trying to keep the dismay out of his voice. His mother had her rooms up there. If she were to discover him, flying around in the middle of the night on a battered old Comet Two-Sixty - well, Castiel doubted she’d wait long enough to check the model of the broom before she sent him up in flames.
Aragorn and Arwen hadn’t seemed to need a friend to intervene on either of their behalf, and neither had Faramir and Eowyn - Castiel tried to think of any other romantic relationships that he knew about. Billie and Jenna came to mind - the way they’d kissed at the Gryffindor table, that one time - but they’d already been together when Castiel had seen them. He had no idea how they’d got together. And that scenario hadn’t even involved any boyfriends. Did it work the same with girlfriends?
“Why should I?” Castiel asked venomously, “You’ve killed six people.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow as Dean shut the door and made a face.
“Cake first,” Hannah said, and Dean agreed enthusiastically. She retrieved it from the box that Jo had sent it in. It smelled delicious, like cinnamon and vanilla. “I don’t have candles, but… we can pretend?”
“Boooring!” Dean grabbed one of the smaller presents from the pile next to Castiel’s bed and tossed it to him. “Presents are always better than libraries.”
Dean pressed at the back of clock and eased it open, peeking out into an empty common room. The sleepover wasn’t scheduled to start for another half an hour, so it was lucky that they hadn’t invited anyone that showed up super early. Most people were probably finishing up their dinner in the Great Hall, still, but Dean and Garth had gulped theirs down quickly so that they could go and get everything ready.
“Incredibly lame,” agreed Jo.
Hannah nodded.
She touched down and hopped off of her broomstick with a graceful flourish.
She was still beaming at him, her eyes all bright as though she was sharing a secret or a private joke. Castiel managed a little smile in return.
of it, coming to get him out of the library and playing with Hannah and Ash in the snow with him, and spending all day with him. Like a friend would. Castiel pushed away his mother’s judgemental face in his mind.
looking at the person he was going to become one day. Who was that person? What was he like? Was he living in the wizarding world or was he in the Muggle world? Did he have all of that figured out yet?
“I know,” she said sharply. “I should never have bought it for him. They’re not strictly allowed.” Castiel said nothing; he’d been just as surprised as Gabriel when his mother had agreed to buy a pet tarantula for him at the start of the summer. Naomi sighed. “He’ll have traded it for a week’s worth of homework before the end of the month,” she said, turning away and guiding Castiel with her. “Come on, Castiel, we’ll sit you down with Michael.”
“Dean!”
“Alright, let’s get packed. The sooner we get this over with, the better.”
He handed the book back over, and then scanned the shelf. Tolkien… Tolkien… he knew he’d found it somewhere around here, a few months ago when he’d been reading up about spell words to add some extra colour to his Charms essay about levitation spells. Tolkien… ah!
“Made a potion,” Ash said simply. “Worked out pretty great if you ask me.”
“What if there was a way that we could get there real fast
he’d stopped talking to him and
Novak,” Lucifer mused. Castiel felt the old sting return, just a brush of it. He was almost immune to it, now, but hearing it spoken by Lucifer, with just a slight snide twist of disdain, made him wish all over again that he had his time under the Sorting Hat back.
“No!” Hannah said. “No, I… I don’t know if any of the teachers know that I’m… that I don’t sleep with the girls. I don’t know if they’ll make me be sent back. What if they think the same as Gordon? Castiel, you have to promise me that you won’t tell!” She looked so distressed that Castiel nodded at once.
Dean admired how his watch looked, lamenting that it was still a little loose on his wrist, even with it tightened to the last hole.
we’re waiting,” Professor Tran said. Dean turned around to look at him, and wiggled his eyebrows. Castiel narrowed his eyes, and spoke.
said that -”
“Come on!” he said, his voice sounding higher-pitched than usual. “Hats are for hamburgers! If we do it together…” He pointed his wand back at the window, and Castiel understood; he retrieved his own wand from the pocket of his robes, and aimed for the broken window.
“Well,
Dean looked affronted.
That hadn’t even made sense, he reflected to himself as he walked back to his cauldron.
“I would like a pair of rats, please,” she said, and Castiel felt a tingle go up his spine. Rats were not easy subjects in transfiguration; they were vertebrates, they were mammals... and Castiel and the rest of the class had only studied the incantation so far, not practised the spell itself in actuality. If he were to create half a rat, or get the spell completely wrong somehow, the poor thing would suffer -
“Its shadow?” he asked hesitantly, cringing automatically in expectation of something terrible that could happen by guessing wrong.
But he
“I think we both know that the better question is, what are
The tentacle disappeared beneath the waves with a rather anticlimactic
Ash’s grip went a little looser on the box, disappointed.
Castiel’s eyes flicked from the burned bodies, back to Dean, and rephrased his question.
Defective?
They tried the bank down the street from the ATM, the supermarket, an electronic store, three different coffee shops, and a McDonalds.
“Mmmm.” Dean said, laying his head back down on the hospital bed, closing his eyes, and finally feeling whole. “I like that.”
Also, Castiel hadn’t thought about either the exams or Dean for a whole three minutes, and that was a personal record for the past couple of weeks, and he felt like making the most of it.
Had Dean been talking about Castiel behind his back, or something? Saying bad things? It was the only thing Castiel could think of that Dean might have to hide. But no - if that were the case, then Jo wouldn’t be defensive over Dean, would she? She’d be telling him to cut it out, because her mom didn’t approve of gossip.
she tried to use his curse against him as soon as she saw things weren’t going her way.
“I’m fine,” she said. “Thanks for helping.” She smiled at him wryly. “I knew the answer. My brain just goes empty.”
“S’not selfish.” Dean swallowed. “And I’m - I’m so sorry. For what it’s worth I - he - never wanted to leave you. Never in a million years.”
looked like an idiot because of it. Okay?”
Dean swallowed, but did as he was asked, plodding through the gate to stand in front of Joshua as he stared back at him from behind his spectacles. Joshua rarely became angry with students from what Dean knew, but even still, he blinked rapidly to stop the tears that were threatening to roll at the first sign of anger.
Dean checked his watched and grimaced. Class was supposed to be starting right this very second… so why were they all crowded around the door?
The thought was a momentary flash, and then it was gone. Dean was looking at Castiel expectantly as though waiting for him to take the initiative to leave, and Castiel was frozen with the sudden realisation he’d had - but he shook it off, and shook his head exasperatedly at Dean, and began to walk towards the library exit.
"I don't think you're ready for this Jellie." - whelvenwings
And suddenly Dean forgot which barrel to tap. He’d already been inside of the common room a few times, but usually one of the older students tapped the password and he just tagged along.
Winchester!” Castiel was gripping the handle of the broomstick tightly with one hand, loathing clearly written on his face. “You think you can just waltz around and say whatever you want. It’s insufferable and I hate it
“Yeah. I think I’m gonna hit the hay.”
Dean swallowed. Time to pop off. Anything was better than quiet.
Dean grinned bashfully and waved. “Thank you.”
“One of those crazy reckless Gryffindors?” Jo said, a little of her sparkle reviving. She took another huge bite of toast, and continued to talk through it. “Well, aren’t you?”
“You look excited for the exam.”
“Nox.”
“That’s not… he doesn’t
“You’ve actually
“Spoil someone else's fun as well?” Anna said sharply. Jo eyed her, her gaze defensive.
Castiel was frozen to the spot - he didn’t owe her an explanation, but every interaction with her now was like walking on a minefield. All it would take is a few specially-chosen words from her to ruin his life completely.
That was alright. Dean was sure that it would just take some time. That’s what Mom said, anyway.
Dean frowned as he looked up at dark expression of the older boy staring down at him with a sneer, and realized something he hadn’t quite put together before, due to how very different they first seemed when you met them.
That made sense, he supposed.
Another man was standing in front of Castiel now. Broad-shouldered, sandy hair, green eyes, and freckles dusting a good majority of a face that looked bewilderingly at him.
Another door.
Dean whooped as he ran for his life back the way he came. He could hear Castiel gaining on him with every step - Dean hadn’t planned on him being so fast. He glanced behind him and saw the determined face of Castiel Novak pulling forward. Dean reached down and grabbed a handful of snow, not even bothering to pack it into a ball before tossing it in his direction.
Nothing.
Castiel could see the glint in Naomi’s eye - they both knew he was bluffing.
There, engraved on the back of the face, was an inscription.
this all was for him. Would he have been able to get the staircase to listen to him if he were a full-blooded wizard? Maybe if he wasn’t a muggle-born he would have
“Tian is slowing down and… is she waving at Harrington? She
He’d probably even be grateful – maybe upset that the silence between them hadn’t started sooner.
Dean sucked in a breath, glancing around them worriedly.
“Team Yellow,” insisted Thaddeus. Billie Reaper sighed.
spells.” Dean scrunched up his face as he tried to think of the best way to explain. “So, that’s what my dad does. When there’s a big fire, he goes to put it out and save people who might be trapped in a burning building.”
“If what I’m reading here is correct,” Professor Gadreel tapped at the parchment in front of him, “you’re about to end your first year of Hogwarts in just a few weeks and you’ve already received . . . ah, let me look -” he dragged his finger down the paper, “ -fourteen detentions from multiple different professors.”
so if you DO happen to make something tag us because we'd love to reblog it and add it to the tag! Bless you all. -thebloggerbloggerfun/K_K_TiBal
“And then I realised that he was Muggleborn,” he was saying. Lucifer shook his head.
“Look!” she whispered excitedly, pointing to the bottom of Castiel’s bed. Sitting there was a red, patterned stocking, lumpy with presents.
Castiel turned when he caught Dean staring at him out of the corner of his eye, and raised an eyebrow.
times in the past.
“Concentrate!” Professor Tran snapped now, jerking Castiel back to the present. “Matchsticks don’t make good needles! Focus on the outcome, not the change itself. Transfiguration, like all magic, relies largely on determination…”
“I have to say, this is the first time I’ve treated a Quidditch-related injury for someone who wasn’t on the Quidditch pitch.” She tapped a small cup with her wand once and held it up to Dean’s lips. “Drink up. I’ve healed your noggin, but this’ll get rid of that darn headache you’ve probably got.”
No, he didn’t want her mad at him.
The Christmas feast was as magical as it had been the year before.
I don’t want to talk about him,” Castiel snapped, and Zeddmore and Spangler shrugged and started talking about standing up on the table and grabbing one of the floating pumpkins. Castiel chewed his lip. On his other side, Hannah, Jo, and Anna were chatting together, not paying attention to Castiel’s miniature outburst, for which he was glad. Castiel couldn’t help the fact that talking about Dean Winchester reminded him of their stupid Potions knowledge contest, and that it put a cold clench in his chest every time he remembered losing, his mother’s sharp eyes watching his failure… but he
. It would matter to their
Professor Tran left a moment of quiet - she had an ever so slight flair for the dramatic, Castiel realised, watching the spark of enjoyment in her eyes - and then she said,
Dean lolled his head and looked over at Philippe, who was sitting a few desks away and looked just as interested in the lesson as Dean felt. After waiting until Professor Macleod had turned around to write on the chalkboard, Dean waved until he caught his attention.
He dropped away from Jo, Anna, Hannah and the boys, wanting to walk on his own for a bit, but Hannah followed him. They left the Entrance Hall in silence, heading out into the chilled October air, their breath misting in front of them. Jo was laughing at something Harry was saying, and the sound of it rang awkwardly into the quiet between Castiel and Hannah.
“But yours isn’t!” Castiel shot back, clenching a fist at his side. “It’s getting worse every day - causing you more pain with every shift. And we don’t even know what the curse was.”
“Couldn't be better,” Castiel replied. “So, did you…”
What if it. . .
It would definitely give himself something else to think about while he was trying to avoid Castiel. Maybe he could just use it as an excuse to talk to Lisa the entire time and he’d never had to even wonder if Castiel was looking at him or talking about him or anything.
Their friends obviously all wanted to sit together, but he couldn’t do it today – not while they were both going to be wearing Gryffindor colors and avoiding eye contact and being all awkward like it
“Equal points!” he said. “A dead heat. The next round will make or break the winning team. We could go on longer, but… it’s dinner soon.”
“Well... neither do you,” Dean muttered, thinking back to the first time he saw Castiel Novak, and all of the awful things he agreed with, and how he looked at Lucifer like he was God’s gift to mankind.
“Roommates?”
“I dunno. Stuff. He likes to read, I guess.”
Castiel nodded seriously. His brother would know. Castiel himself had never met a Muggle-born. Or, indeed, many Muggles. He became aware of someone standing stock still just outside the compartment, and looked up to see the boy from earlier – the one with the blonde woman, the one who’d looked so relieved to see some wizards who knew where they were going.
Great. Now Dean was going to have to work twice as hard as everyone else to learn all this crap.
” Jo said, jumping at Castiel out of the darkness with her hair flying over her shoulders and down to her feet. Just for a second, in the strange near-dark, she looked like the picture of the banshee that had always frightened Castiel in his childhood copy of
Dean paused, trying to think of something - anything clever to say, but nothing came.
When they were almost done with their work, Joshua turned to Castiel with a smile.
." Dean jolted as the voice filled his mind. "
Dean harrumphed as Garth pushed at him to move forward. “Alright, already!”
like a bad place. Still, Castiel knew his mother would probably seriously consider using an Unforgivable Curse on him if he lingered in a magical space that he didn’t completely understand and couldn’t control.
“Everyone start out by choosing a partner. Of a different House, if you please. Then, when you’re done, you may help others.”
now?”
“Sorry,” he said. “But what is it?”
“Are you three quite finished?”
“What about - what about the opposite of that? Do wizards and witches know about Muggle books?”
He dumped the coins into his palm, counted them, then sighed. Castiel glanced at the map, then back at his herbs.
Their friendship - as hesitantly positive as it seemed to be at the moment - could all come crashing down the moment Castiel realized the truth about Dean.
“No worries,” Dean said automatically, and then his brain ground into gear. “Hey -”
“Alright,” Castiel said. “I also want to try my birthday chocolates.” Ash gave him a thumbs-up across the room.
There were audible gasps. Hannah, looking distressed, stepped forwards.
“That’s where you’d be wrong,” said a third voice, and this time Castiel really did jerk backwards, almost dropping his wand. Round the corner of the door to the room where they were standing came a figure with bright reddish hair and bold scarlet lips, wearing dark angular robes and a narrow-eyed smile.
“Oh,” Dean said, trying to shake off his bad feeling. “Well… that doesn’t sound
Her easygoing humour brought Castiel back to reality. He smiled, a little weakly.
So, on Dean’s birthday, Castiel watched from the Gryffindor table as Dean showed off his presents to his Hufflepuff friends, grinning widely. It looked as though Ash had gone with a scarf instead of a hat, and Dean also seemed to have received a box of exciting chocolates from him, too. Castiel watched as Dean showed them to Lisa with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
“Because we aren’t?” Castiel put the screws to Dean.
Dean turned just as Jo bounded up to him and grabbed onto his wrist with a wide smile on her face. “Hey, can I eat with you today? I feel like I haven’t seen you in a while and I know you don’t really like sitting at the Gryffindor table because of -”
Dean looked up to see the looming figure of Michael Novak brushing off his pristine Ravenclaw uniform, with a disgruntled expression on his face.
“Castiel,” she said. “Nothing is more important than family. You are a part of this family. You will
“Well, Cas. He’s right.”
Dean’s face shifted from confusion at the bizarrity of the request to determination at the mention of the reward; he rolled up the sleeves of his robes, and focused on his rat. Castiel frowned, and looked down at China-Ear on the desk. She was sitting with her paws folded neatly. Magical means? Was he supposed to transform her somehow - into a
Dean snorted and bumped him with his shoulder.
Philippe paused, then continued.
The letter abruptly cut off, and then, in a flurry of paper scraps and sparks, it disintegrated.
Philippe pressed his lips together, but Dean could see the amused smile he was trying to hide.
“Okay,” he mumbled to himself, “One, two,
He could see Lisa excitedly whispering with a friend, but Dean could see that she’d received a seventy-nine from the look of her paper, and Jo and Nick looked pretty pleased with themselves too.
“Cas?” Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper.
Castiel swallowed.
“Too scared, Hannah?” Gordon mocked. “You don’t even belong in
“So, what’s the plan?” Dean asked, rubbing his hands together.
“Why would you look there if you’re a boy?” said the boy, wrinkling his nose. The face opened its mouth to speak, and then paused. In its eyes was an expression of nerves that tugged at Castiel’s heart; he stood up quickly, and said,
Even still, the larger Door within the room towered over him quite as imposingly as it ever had, its mystical runes still impenetrable, its circles of metal teeth just as beautifully intricate and impossible to understand. Castiel took a moment to simply gaze at it up and down, one hand resting on the top of the bag that was slung over his shoulder, filled with some promising runic texts that he’d found under
He wrote the addition and wiped at his nose with his school robe, glad that his dorm mates had left for dinner before him, leaving him to write his letter in silence.
Castiel looked over at Dean, and tossed the paper over his shoulder as he slunk out of the room.
“You know,” Lucifer said, “I could try to justify myself a thousand ways. I could tell you all the things that Raphael has done to me this year to try to break down the Slytherin team. I could tell you about what they’re
He hadn’t spent a lot of time with it this year, but he’d had a lot on his mind that was probably more important than cracking the mystery to some secret door that no one else knew about – but maybe only by a little.
A door opened from somewhere behind him.
“Dinner,” Jo said.
“Shut up,” Castiel said, teeth grit together tightly. She was one of the few people who knew what her words did - any words she managed to say were potentially lethal.
Jo had mentioned, more than a few times.
“Dean. Listen to me. I have no need to spy on you. I get to look at you all I want, whenever I want, and I also gain the benefit of having you look back.” For a moment, Castiel almost looked fond. “I’m very lucky to have that in life, and it’s something I don’t take for granted. So, whatever is happening to you, it’s not -”
“I thought we were studying for our Potions exam,” Hannah said, frowning down at the title of the book.
” The whisper came again, more of a hiss this time. Castiel narrowed his eyes, pretending to be paying far too much attention to Madam Hanscum to be able to hear the whisperer trying to get his attention. When he’d signed up for the Frog Choir, he hadn’t imagined that he would have to be one of the ones actually
“It’ll only get worse, the longer you leave it,” Gabriel said nonchalantly, staring out over the Hall towards the Slytherin table.
he’d reacted the way he had. But Castiel wasn’t trying to talk to him, so Dean could let himself breathe.
, it’s over there. And there’s a chart to help you figure out the best time to perform the spell based on your birth date and location, if you’re a believer in the importance of such things.”
“You’re welcome,” Castiel told her, smiling. He picked up his last present and squinted at it for a moment, before tearing off the paper. Inside was a small book; flicking through it, Castiel saw that all the pages were bare.
“Maybe I will.” Dean squared his shoulders and grinned. “That would be fun. Me on the Hufflepuff team… you watching from the crowds ‘cause you didn’t quite make it... I think I’d like that a lot. What do you think, Hannah?”
At the front of the class, Professor Crowley sat down behind his desk, perfectly at ease.
“Anyone else fancy taking me on?” he demanded. “I’ll take the eyebrows off anyone on this table.”
Roy dropped to the floor, unconscious, but still very alive.
,” Hannah said, with a small grin. Jo looked at her, head on one side.
Dean saluted Garth before crawling through the barrel entrance and dusting himself off on the other side. He and Jo had decided to meet up near the moving staircases so that Dean could show her the way to their common room.
Dean tilted his head, considering, then looked back over to the man who was frantically texting as he also tried talking to the woman he’d been waiting for outside the changing room.
“Come on, come on, back to the changing room to get your things!” Professor Mills called, and the first years broke ranks, running back across the field to pick up their bags. Dean and Castiel glanced at each other before starting to follow them, Dean limping a little on one leg, and Castiel clutching his left side and hissing through his teeth at every jarring footstep. The journey up through the castle was made mostly in silence. Right before they entered the Hospital Wing, Dean turned to Castiel, a grin splitting his blood-stained face.
saving your life. Those things would have eaten you alive because fifteen vampires is definitely worse than one shapeshifter and you froze up back there with just the one -”
A small piece of twig dropped into his lap as he snipped and he paused to pick it up and inspect it. Without completely thinking through what he was about to do, he took carefully took aim and tossed it at Castiel, smiling when it bounced off his shoulder and fell to the ground.
“Yes? To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Christmas is coming to Hogwarts! It's a special time of the year for Castiel, for more reasons than one. And even though Dean was disappointed at first to be staying at school instead of going home, he soon finds that there's fun to be had in the castle over the holidays - even if pretentious, irritating Castiel is staying too. But before all of that, there's the serious matter of a snowball fight to attend to...
Dean frowned.
He gave himself a few seconds to study the stone before the impulse became too much and he attempted to throw it out towards the ripples.
The only thing he was worried about now was the Sorting.
“I don’t know. Maybe, like, a hat.”
“Come on, Dean. It’s not worth vomiting over,” Castiel said, his nose wrinkling as he grimaced at him, “Just let it go.”
“Need some Wideye Potion, Winchester?” Castiel replied. He tapped the deck once more, and they were off again.
Dean held up a finger as he chewed, and Castiel waited for the explanation.
“I think Anna’s got a secret store of miniature dragons which are all called Jeremy!” Dean said, even more urgently.
“So, why don’t you?” Castiel snapped.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s real difficult for you to support your friend – woe is you.”
They'd called Muggles stupid. They'd called Muggle-borns stupid, too.
“Hey!”
During their weeks together in the bunker, Castiel had quickly realized that Dean wasn’t used to being alone the way that Castiel had grown accustomed to.
Dean jumped as the loud metallic sound interrupted his thoughts. Turning, he glared in confusion at the large grandfather clock that was nestled a few feet away from the fireplace. Never in his entire stay at Hogwarts had he heard the clock make any sort of noise. Not even ticking. The clock didn’t work at all and frankly, he’d been wondering why the Hufflepuffs kept it around.
Dean said in his best ‘wizened wizard’ impression, then chuckled to himself at his own joke.
That’s right.”
to -”
“What’s a gun?”
“Alright. We’ll be back in negligible hours.”
In one smooth motion that years of hunting had ingrained in him, Dean grabbed a knife from his fancy knife block that he’d splurged on during a different late night and whipped around, only catching a glimpse of a tan trench coat as it left the door frame.
“How - how?” Castiel said dumbly. Philippe rolled his eyes.
“I was,” Crowley said. “But it wasn’t a hair product, MacInnes, so don’t get excited.”
logo and thought about anything but soda.
Most of his time was spent doing what little research he could into Dean’s brother’s vessel in an attempt to find any sign of where he could be. His first opinion - that Sam was just dead. But maybe Dean was right, and he was just wandering around as a human.
belong to Gabriel or Hannah appeared upside down, peering under the table.
made Castiel’s head spin. He looked into his brother’s eyes, which were watching him with a mixture of astuteness and kindness.
, do you see?”
“He’s a wizard, Dean. Or he was? I think he died.”
Dean rubbed at his at his nose as he walked down the hallway, careful to move to the side when he saw Lucifer Morningstar walking towards him with his small team of groupies trailing behind him. Michael, who Dean only really knew as Castiel’s brother - specifically the brother on the train who was talking badly about Muggleborns with Castiel - was always one of the students that seemed to hang around the seventh-year boy. Dean kept his head down just a little as they got closer, and didn’t even realize he was doing it until they passed. It wasn’t something he meant to do, it was just… this aura that Lucifer seemed to exude. Confidence, sure. But he also creeped Dean out a lot.
Dean slowly opened one eye, peeking through the blurry darkness as the world around him eventually came into more clarity. Madam Hanscum was busying herself with something next to his bed, and - he was at the hospital wing? How did he get here from the Forbidden Forest?
Everything Lucifer touched seemed glamorous and genuine. Castiel wanted those threads to run all the way through his life.
Castiel holds the rake in his hand, looking at it with new respect.
Dean ducked back to grab some more ammunition, and then stuck his tongue out at Castiel.
He grinned and turned back towards the other two, pointing a finger at Castiel who hadn’t said anything in a while - only stared.
“Kinda esurient.”
Finding any trace of Sam was proving to be the most difficult PI case Castiel had ever taken on. It made sense, as it was arguably also the case with the least information he’d had to start with.
common room is this way. For a moment, I’d forgotten what a disappointment you are.”
that Anna had given Jo. Still, he thought, they could shake hands, and part ways for the summer as people who were at least prepared to try to do better by each other -
The hunt that finally did him in before the marks on his car did it for him.
Castiel hummed and could feel thunder on his lips.
Same kind his mom used.
want to sit with someone who got a decent Charms score, but you can’t always get what you want. What did you get, anyway? A thirty?”
He rolled his eyes. Castiel would probably know exactly how to enchant the rock to do what he wanted it to.
“You should all be in bed,” Professor Gadreel said gruffly. “And instead you’re eating sweets? I’m very disappointed in you all. Yes, very disappointed. In order to make me not disappointed, I think that you should give me the rest of the food you have here.”
“You’re a Muggle-born, too?” Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean hopped up off the couch and followed Lisa over to a corner of the common room.
“And you’d know all about kneazle droppings,” Anna said, “since that’s what I’m sure your mom serves up for dinner every night.”
“Anna’s idea,” Castiel said, and Jo rolled her eyes.
“Edward Zeddmore,” he said, with a touch of pompousness. Hannah took his hand and shook it, blinking away her surprise. “Friends call me Ed. Pleasure to meet you.”
Castiel didn’t try to fight Naomi’s steering hand, though he did peer through the windows of the carriages they passed. He found an empty feeling growing in his chest when he saw students laughing together, hugging each other, shouting over each other to be heard. It all looked so loud and riotous and… fun.
There had to be a present out there that was good enough. Something impressive or cool or shiny or… or brilliant enough to convince Dean that Castiel was worth taking another chance on. A book, or – no, Dean thought most books were boring. Maybe some kind of spell that he could gift Dean the incantation for, or something fun like that.
“Uh, you know about the sleepover?” Dean asked, frowning.
“But, wait,” Anna said, being lightly buffeted by a fourth-year Hufflepuff with a big shoulder bag. “You did
“Young
“She’s glad you’re friends,” Anna said, leaning into their conversation with customary shamelessness. She grinned as Hannah shoved at her shoulder. “What? You were going to be too embarrassed to say it!”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I know I promised, but I miss you. I had to - I had to see you again -”
He had to remember that if he wanted to beat Novak.
For a moment, there was silence.
Dean shook his head with a frown. “No. That one was mine.”
The man scoffed as he crouched down next to the body and began going through the pockets.
“Ha, yeah, I guess you won’t approve, Mr Fair Play.” He sighed, and then shrugged. “Fine. All of Hufflepuff knows anyway, you’ll find out somehow. Here goes. Your brother heard me talking about - well, about you, and how I wanted to beat you in Potions, so he offered me this quill that would correct all my answers on the next test.”
Dean didn’t know much about that spell, but he’d heard it talked about, and especially joked about between students who would pretend to cast it, and the target would pretend to go into a stupor.
“Oh -yeah,” Castiel said, feeling a quick lie leaping to his lips -
people, Mud- well...
“You started this whole thing!” Dean said furiously, under his breath. “You know, I actually thought you were above doing something like that in an actual exam, but I guess I was wrong!”
The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea of sending Sam a wizarding book. His little brother had already read through most of the books that they owned, and the last Dean knew, he’d been checking out quite a few from the library.
Unfortunately, once he reached the staircase that would normally have sent him up to the seventh floor, he found that it had changed to a different direction - and he wouldn’t be surprised if it stayed there for the next few days.
Dean folded his arms and frowned.
He dug out a switchblade from his pocket, flipped it open and turned his gaze upward, staring at the roof of his car in resignation. There were dozens of marks scraped into the top now, a decent amount on the left side, and a steadily growing amount on the right.
“Kill him, Castiel. A simple blade through the heart.”
The four of them chatted easily, Jo leading the conversation, and Castiel only barely paying attention to the undercurrents of the atmosphere around him – the way Hannah’s body was tense and angled towards Gordon’s, preparing to react; the way Dean Winchester was facing Castiel, but not quite, talking with the sullen Hufflepuff girl, Ruby…
He was just getting paranoid.
Castiel opened his mouth, and then closed it. He was so taken aback that he didn’t know what to say. He’d been expecting defensiveness, anger - but this? This vulnerability, this honesty? He cleared his throat.
“Come on, Jo,” he said, and Hannah tugged on her sleeve to make her sit down. “Let’s just study. We can sort all of this out in a couple of weeks when the exams are done. We’re all just stressed.”
“Wait,” Dean squinted at him, “so you’re going to see the same concert of the same band over and over again?”
He’d turned a bright shade of pink and quickly dropped his eyes when Dean looked over at him.
Castiel opened his mouth to retort, and then realised that
“Still playing Snap?” Jo said, a little contemptuously. Castiel reddened - but before he could answer, Anna cut in.
The rotating faces on the form towering above him froze in place.
Dean stared straight ahead as Lisa spoke, but said nothing.
“Yes! They’re weak!” Ash pumped his fist in the air and Castiel shot him a glare that Dean usually only saw reserved for himself.
Castiel reared back again, and the shifter scrambled backwards.
“Race you to the top,” he said, then gripped the letter tightly as he took off up the stairway.
since crossed the ‘is it weird if I talk to a door’ threshold, so this was what he’d resorted to.
“Pretty cool, though,” Jo said, earning herself an elbow in the ribs.
He stopped when he finally saw Castiel near the back of the crowd as well, frowning the usual frown he did when he seemed to detect things were Not Quite Right.
“Whatever I can tell you would just be a guess. And it’s not really my guess to make. You should hear it from him.”
“EMERGENCY!” Jo said, her cheeks turning pink with laughter. “NAPKINS NEEDED! ALERT THE BUTTER AURORS!”
"Novak, Castiel!"
The worst part of it all wasn’t the horrified look Madam Hansum had given him when he explained what had happened as she dried him off. The worst part wasn’t four detentions that Mr Singer had given him for blatantly disregarding the lake ban and nearly getting himself killed. It wasn’t the gossip that immediately was spread around the Hufflepuff common room and it wasn’t the maniacal laughter that Gabriel had produced once he knew that Dean hadn’t died, and was handing over the well-earned quill.
“I guess -” Dean said, trying to unspool his emotions from the knot they’d made in his heart, “He’s - he’s
Lisa’s smile widened, a reward for Dean’s agreement.
” said Anna, and Castiel winced at the noise - surely Mr Singer had heard all of this, and was coming to get them, and put them all in detention, maybe even expel them? But then he caught sight of where Jo was pointing her wand, and he understood Anna’s panic. He tried to grab for control of the broom, tried to get in her way, stop her - but she was too fast. With a brilliant smile, she aimed directly at one of the stained-glass windows at the side of the main door into the castle, and shouted,
Dean stood with intent for the second time that week and before the rapid beating of his heart could do anything to persuade him otherwise, Dean strode over to Lunch Mode’s table and plastered on a smile he hoped didn’t look as manic as he felt.
It was weird, having someone with him again while he was working a case. Not that this was something he was going to get used to, but having someone to talk to that wasn’t just in his head? He remembered why he liked it.
Castiel might too, but for different reasons.
“You’ll have to watch your back, Mr. Winchester,” Professor Tran said, as she held up the two together. “Mr. Novak is coming up fast on your tail.”
“Hey, Hannah,” he said with a wry smile. The most that he’d ever interacted with her was during the Potions class where he’d sacrificed a decent potion for her, and maybe a few times he’d talked to her during flying lessons, but that was about it. She generally hung out with Castiel, and, well… Dean would rather avoid having to be near him. “Sorry about that. Peeves was just…” he grimaced. It was a little embarrassing that he was running scared from the poltergeist, and he really didn’t want her mentioning it to Castiel. Any ammo that could potentially be used against him was no good ammo.
Dean pouted when Garth’s queen beheaded his knight. He’d completely missed that move.
Jo wrinkled her nose.
“What happened that night?”
“One,” he said. “Two. Three…”
“Well, maybe one.” Lucifer interrupted Dean’s thoughts and clicked his tongue. “Novak, correct? He’s a smart boy, Winchester. Bright future. He’ll figure it out eventually - it’s only a matter of time, you know. Not that it
Just for a second, a memory flashed into Castiel’s mind: Gordon Walker, at the Quidditch game, saying that Gabriel had no friends in Ravenclaw because he was annoying. The thought made Castiel clench inside; he’d always thought of Gabriel as hugely popular, friends with everyone. The idea that he might be lonely… it hurt, in a strange way. Castiel wanted Gabriel to be able to live up to the image he’d painted of himself.
Dean looked up as he felt the crumpled piece of parchment rise out of his hand into the air, and winced as it burst into flame above him, sprinkling ash all over the desk and front of his robes. When the fire died out, Professor Apollyon was standing in front of him with a bright-eyed, dangerous expression on her face and her arms crossed.
Dean let out a breath that was half out of disbelief.
“You’re that Hufflepuff boy that got into the Ravenclaw tower, aren’t you?”
“I don’t
So far, Christmas at Hogwarts had to be Dean’s favorite time of year. Even if he wasn’t spending it at home, as long as he had friends to spend it with, there was never going to be a dull moment. And sure, last year he’d taken a purple explosion to the face, but he wasn’t going to be caught out twice.
Dean’s mouth fell open as her smile widened. He enjoyed quidditch alright, but it was still very high up in the air and Professor Mills was constantly telling him that his fear of heights was getting in the way of him being better. He definitely didn’t think he was ready to be on the school team, no matter what he’d told Castiel.
“You’re not better than me,” Ruby said. “I know you want to know. Just tell me one stupid thing about Jo Harvelle and I’ll tell you what you want to know, I swear, I know it -”
“It’s OK,” Castiel said, as much to himself now as to the Squid. “It’s OK, everything’s OK… just take the toast…”
It didn’t matter, Castiel thought. If she thought he was overconfident, he’d prove her wrong. And if she approved, then he’d prove her right. Either way, he was going to get every single answer on this test. He reached for a piece of parchment and a quill.
“Dean, these are
Mistletoe Berries (4)
“She did?” Hannah said, as they reached the doorway of the class they were headed to - Transfiguration again, and Castiel had remembered to look up the incantation for the question that he’d wanted to ask Professor Tran, too.
“Your soul shines brighter than you can imagine.” Castiel said, his face hidden behind a load of laundry he was handing Dean.
Ash glanced at him.
c’mon, ref, that can’t be fair…”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Yes,” she said. “I – I like it here. I’d rather not… I – I just like it here.”
If he focused hard enough on Dean falling off his chair, would
“That was before we had this talk,” Castiel said with an apologetic incline of his head. “I understand the need for secrecy, I really do, but my skills won’t be useful to you if you won’t even tell me names. Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean tapped his fingers on the table and chewed on his lip.
But no, no. Castiel dismissed the thought as he looked at her. This was Jo, not his older brother Michael. She wouldn’t scheme like that. Jealousy could make people do strange things, but Jo wasn’t a jealous person. Castiel only had to think back to a few moments ago when she’d told him he was good at chess, without any hint of annoyance or envy.
Castiel turned off the heat under his cauldron with a poke of his wand, and headed towards the back, too. He was feeling slightly - ever so tentatively - relieved. Half of the practical part of the test was over, and whilst Castiel knew that it had definitely not gone perfectly, there was no gushing of black smoke, no smell of month-old milk. So far, he was doing far better than he ever could have hoped.
“Hey, Anna?” Castiel asked, once she’d finished grabbing the drink. “This is a long shot, but have you ever heard of a man named Dean Winchester?”
He watched as realization dawned on Charlie’s face. “Oh, right.”
“Hey!” said Dean, pointing at Castiel’s face, jerking him out of his thoughts. “My favourite smile!”
“We've got to do something,” Castiel said.
“Being bold, actually.”
Castiel’s voice made Dean flinch, as he stared at the spot where Lucifer had just been.
“No, thank Merlin.” Dean said loudly, testing out the wizard-swear on his tongue. It felt nice. “I saw him sulking after Michael up to the front of the train. Good riddance, if you ask me.”
