John walks over to stand in front of him and tilts Sherlock’s head up. John’s thumb strokes gently across his cheekbone, once, so lightly that Sherlock thinks he might have imagined it.
John is standing behind her, unnoticed by anyone else. He’s sneering, which is incongruous on him and makes him look more like Sherlock than he would have thought possible. Sherlock suppresses a shudder.
"Of course they do." Sherlock was wearing an old-fashioned black tuxedo with a brilliantly white fitted waistcoat, shirt, and bow tie. And a black floor-length, high-collared cape, lined in what looked like silk, red as the jewelled interior of a pomegranate. Nearly anyone would have looked laughable in the over-the-top costume. Naturally, John thought with exasperated fondness, Sherlock looked fantastic in it, the Byronic bastard. John was more than a bit tempted to suggest they skip the party and stay home instead. He suspected the same idea had occurred to Sherlock.
As they went, Sherlock pointed out the sites of murders and alleged hauntings, and John kept hold of his hand and watched and listened. He felt almost obscenely lucky — that he was here after so many years of searching and losing and finally finding, that they'd both finally taken their heads out of their own arses, that Sherlock had inexplicably and miraculously wanted him. He was dimly aware that he was by now looking at Sherlock in a manner that could only be termed
"I wish I'd realised it sooner." John admits it with his arms crossed, still wearing his favourite cabled jumper even though it's not remotely cold in the house. "Maybe I should have, but I was so angry for so long, and I never thought you would quite feel that way about anyone, least of all me."
John’s eyes turn hard. “It’s mine now,” he says, “all of it. What would you do, to have me back again?”
.  The blasted hope won’t go away, small but stubborn, like John.  He can feel it buried deep in his mind palace and struggling to get out.  He can’t bring himself to kill it entirely.  It’s all one with pirates and starlight and the possibility of the open sea.
He still has nightmares of the pool, sometimes, on the rare occasions he loses his constant battle with sleep. The iterations vary, but John always dies. The laser sight’s red dot haemorrhages into a cloud of blood and bone, or the water swallows John whole, or, or, or. His subconscious is torturously creative. When he wakes, shivering, he can still smell the chlorine.
There’s no sound in the room except their ragged breathing, and John is tracing the bow of Sherlock’s lips now, venerating his mouth.  He draws Sherlock back in, thumbs stroking his cheekbones, and tenderly kisses the corner of his mouth.  Sherlock whimpers, undignified, and kisses back, tugging John’s lower lip delicately between his teeth and then soothing it with his tongue, coaxing John’s mouth open.  John tilts his hips up in supplication, and Sherlock takes the invitation, strips off John’s trousers and pants and puts his violinist’s hands to a new use.  The crests of John’s hipbones notch into Sherlock’s palms like they were made to fit there, and John’s skin is even warmer here, exothermic for Sherlock.  He learns what will make John gasp and arch up into his hands, what will make his mouth fall open and his head tip back.  John’s irises are all but eclipsed by his blown pupils, and he’s making sounds that Sherlock will hear in the back of his mind for weeks.  He can feel every tiny movement of John’s body vibrating up through his fingertips, resonant and sweet, and John quivers under his touch like his violin.  He can feel John’s whole body drawing up tight like a bow, and a vertiginous thrill starts at the base of Sherlock’s spine in response.
Death has never particularly frightened him, his own included, but he finds he cannot countenance the idea that John Watson will cease to be. Sherlock knows, logically, that he will be likewise dead and unconscious of any change, but it seems fundamentally wrong that the universe should ever forget John, one of its best creations. Surely, there will be some echo left. Energy is always conserved in a closed system, so perhaps the waveforms that make up John’s consciousness will quiver and quaver but not entirely go quiet. Perhaps what’s left of Sherlock, if anything, will merge with what’s left of John.
Sherlock looks anywhere but at him.  He starts talking, quickly, tripping over his own words and clutching at the journal with his fine-boned hands.  "I — am saying that I find myself fascinated with you as well, in all ways.  I thought perhaps, since you've already written a book about me, and I've written one of sorts about you, that possibly — you might like to collaborate on the next one.  Since collaboration has proven productive so far, for the Work and — other things."  He draws in a deep breath, and now he does look up at John, finally.  His eyes are uncharacteristically earnest, and he looks a bit unsure and heartbreakingly young.  "I would like to continue observing you indefinitely, John.  For as long as you'll permit it.  I think I may never have enough data where you're concerned."
John makes tea every morning, dependable as the foundations of London.  Most mornings, Sherlock lies folded up in his chair and observes whilst John snipes companionably at him.  John’s movements have a certain economy of motion that Sherlock finds aesthetically pleasing.  He knows John would never call himself graceful, but then, John’s never seen himself make tea with practiced competence, or go running through back alleys after a sex offender, or fire a perfect shot with a handgun at twenty metres.
, transcendent, singular.  He had no idea a chemical defect could do this to a person; it’s really very—
He’d said, truthfully, that John was a romantic, but perhaps it rubbed off.  He still catches himself thinking
"So finally I would write one true sentence, and then go on from there.  It was easy then because there was always one true sentence that I knew or had seen or had heard someone say." — Ernest Hemingway
He keeps writing.  He writes more in the book than he does on the blog these days.  Now that he recognises what he's feeling, he sees it in nearly everything he writes, to the point where he's afraid to post anything for fear it'll turn into a declaration of love without his knowledge.  John's well aware that something's got to give, and soon.  The only question is what to do about it.
"Dull social conventions have never stopped us before.  You usually rather like it when I ignore them."
When his mobile lights up with an incoming call from Mycroft, Sherlock already knows what his brother will say.
When John moved in, Sherlock thought it would be temporary, only a matter of time before John had enough of him and moved out.  Instead, John stayed and filled up the space as no one ever had.  He had made Sherlock's house into a home, simply because John was in it.  It was like having a second, moveable hearth that warmed more deeply than a fire ever could.
Sherlock makes him want to write things.  He unfolds John's life and reads it like a map before vanishing with a wink, leaving John's existence to undergo a seismic shift.  It reorients itself around the space where Sherlock had been, and everything else gets buried in the subsidence.  Sherlock only gets more dangerously fascinating, not less, and within a day John has moved in with the man and shot a stranger for him with his very illegal Sig Sauer.
In his head, John is there with him, giving advice, stopping him when he's tempted to say too much. He knows it's not real, and that's how he knows he's still sane.
Mycroft remains in London, as do their parents. Mummy has just accepted a research position, which she "already delayed for twenty-five years so I could raise the two of you, thank you very much," and Father stays with her. Stubbornness is a Holmes family trait.
"Do you have a Halloween costume?" Sherlock asked, apropos of nothing. John put down his fourth Hobnob and blinked at him.
Sherlock has had so much time to review pros and cons and likelihoods, and despite his panic, no matter how many times he ran the variables, he always concluded that the benefits outweighed the risks.  John, who is good and generous and kind, will almost certainly not leave him if he can’t return Sherlock’s words.  If necessary, Sherlock is still a good enough liar that he could make John believe it was a misunderstanding, that he hadn’t really meant it in
“Yes,” Sherlock rasps, because he will always let John help him; life is better and his mind is quieter when John helps him.
John huffs again, but shifts closer so their sides are pressed together.  Sherlock has found that John is much more pliable when given a chance to blame Sherlock for 'making' him do something he'd rather wanted to do, but would never do on his own due to appearances or gender roles or other such rubbish that Sherlock can't be expected to bother with.  John shifts to look at him askance.
The second and third bodies are found together, in the rubble of what used to be the pool. They were killed in exactly the same way as the first and, upon further investigation, were the other two snipers who protected Moriarty.
John's birthday is coming up. Sherlock thinks he'll get him a dog. He's seen John gaze longingly at people's pet dogs whenever they go into town, and he's ascertained by careful questioning that John had an English bulldog as a boy that he doted on, but he'd had to give it up when his family moved houses. Sherlock has no doubt that even a small John would have been stoic and dry-eyed about it, but he would have missed his dog terribly. Sherlock wants to make it up to him. Wants to make everything up to him, in fact, but since that's sadly impossible, perhaps a dog will do. He's found a breeder not far from here, so now he just has to provide a diversion for John. He and Harry haven't gone to lunch in some time, so that should work.
They wait for word that never comes. Sherlock makes his own deductions, but for once doesn’t share them, for all the good it does.
It seems fitting that it once again takes impending doom to get them to talk to each other about their emotions.
Sherlock’s jaw snaps shut with an audible click. He abruptly realises that he’s shaking, just slightly. He must be cold again. Why else would he be shaking, if not from the cold?
John sets the puppy down on its kennel bed so that he can cup Sherlock's face in his hands. "I promise," he says, and kisses him.
He wonders what would happen if he pushed John flat onto the kitchen table.  If he stocked it with all of his non-toxic but staining compounds first, and made sure to tip over every one with the force of their bodies, the multi-coloured marks would last for days, drenching their skin and streaking them with the evidence of what they’d done.  Their hands, slender and sturdy respectively, would be soaked in variegated hues that everyone would see, flowing up from their fingertips which had absorbed the liquids from each other’s skin like wicks, like plant stems from the earth.  They’d be caught, perhaps literally, red-handed.
The alcohol doesn’t hurt either. When Sherlock comes in from tending the bees, he finds John curled up in his chair, shoes off and shirt wrinkled, and clutching a generous glass of Scotch. John wordlessly holds out a second glass to Sherlock, so he takes it, bemused, and sits down.
"Well then," Sherlock says, "go and meet your present." Ian has the puppy in his broad palms, and he transfers the wrinkly little thing over to John and leaves them to get acquainted. John cradles it against his chest with an utterly besotted look on his face, and the puppy burrows blissfully into John's shirtfront. Sherlock feels an irritable spike of jealousy. Almost immediately, John chuckles at him, even though Sherlock hadn't thought he was looking.
Sherlock is meticulous with data; he always has been. All of his experiments and cases and criminal studies are recorded in notebooks and digitally archived and stored in his mind palace, a triune unity of information. Even his informal studies of John are inscribed on Sherlock's neural pathways, the sparks of thought flashing in the same captivating colours as the police lights that glanced off of John’s hair after he shot a man for Sherlock.
“The victims are all people who threatened us at the pool that day, directly or indirectly. They were killed in the same manner and left where they could easily be found, suggesting that the killer wanted to make a point, possibly for symbolic reasons, more likely as a show of vengeance. The bodies all showed signs of extensive injury and possible torture before death, and the damage to their faces implies that their murders were deeply personal for the killer, probably either on behalf of himself or someone he loved. The murders escalated from henchmen to Moriarty himself, perhaps as a ranking of the victims’ perceived culpability. I had wondered whether there would be another body, although after the death of Moriarty, I—
Spring arrives like an allied army. Wildflowers are massing in pinks and golds on the Downs, and the wisteria in their garden is climbing its trellis with florid determination. The orange trees are in bloom, and the honey this year will be the best yet. John will love it, will use it to make the honey cakes Sherlock covets, and will give him even more coveted praise for harvesting it.
John pulled Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers, pressed closer — though not close enough — and smiled against Sherlock's mouth. "Happy Halloween, Sherlock," he said, and set about ensuring that it was a very happy holiday indeed.
It’s all disturbingly dull. The only interruption in the tedium is Mrs Hudson, who comes up to check on him quite often, and always looks so sad that he suspects one of her geriatric friends has died. She does make him tea, though, so he lets his mind move on to more pressing matters, like where John could have got to and why he hasn’t come back.
London breeds writers.  Perhaps it's something in the stones, in the fact of living somewhere that's been inhabited for two millennia, with so many stories buried below their feet like bones, an ossified library that would put Alexandria to shame.  Perhaps they leach out into the groundwater, infiltrate the rain, dissolve in the Thames.  Maybe they're all elements in a larger story, written one person at a time.  Sherlock would have his own paragraph, at least, and John would be the exclamation mark at the end of it.  Sometimes, during their most delirious late nights, he thinks that Sherlock
, but he can't think of anything useful, only the knowledge of everything that might have gone wrong, that could be going wrong
John, though, seems to have made his decision, and after a moment, his shoulders gradually relax under Sherlock's chin.  Sherlock slumps nearly all of his weight into John, pleased and feline with smug triumph.  John, he knows, has filed this under 'odd things he only does with Sherlock and never speaks of to others'.  John's chest expands against his in a put-upon sigh, but the weak protest is undercut somewhat by the way John's head lists slightly into his, almost unaware, but John doesn't pull it back.  Sherlock can feel the tips of his curls drag against John's shorter, bristlier hair.  John's body curves around his, sweet with acceptance, a refuge for Sherlock's redlining brain.  John's breath has evened out, and his heartbeat has slowed enough to indicate true relaxation.
Sherlock closes his eyes and concentrates on breathing in through his nose, out through his mouth. John’s other hand comes to rest in his hair, stroking, and Sherlock can feel his curls dissolving and reforming around John’s fingers.
"I need to see if Kellerman invited his sister. If he did, he's guilty. He claimed they were estranged, but he may have used her business to launder money."
Whenever he arrives in a new city, Sherlock calculates the distance back to Baker Street. It is a mental tic he can’t seem to shake, horridly sentimental though it is.
He cannot imagine either of them without the other, not anymore. Sometimes he still has nightmares about those long years apart from John, never knowing if he'd survive to see him again. It had taken several months of apologies and explanations and hideously uncomfortable soul-baring before John relented, but that had been one of the best days of Sherlock's life. So had the day they met, and their wedding; Mrs Hudson had cried all through their vows, and John had shone like a beacon of love, as if someone had built a lighthouse inside him. Sherlock had wanted to sail toward that light for the rest of his life, and still does.
John grunts as he stands from his chair.  "Yeah, just sore.  But if you want to help, you could fetch me the paracetamol and have a quick look at my back to make sure nothing broke the skin.  I can't quite see it in the mirror."
It's lovely, actually: the soft nubbly cables of John's oatmeal jumper under his fingertips, snagging just slightly on his violin calluses; the comforting smell of John, of home, wool and tea and gun oil mixed up with the faint tang of chemicals and the musty smell of old wallpaper overlaid with the scents of wood and rosin. John's body heat bleeding through his clothes, just a bit hotter than average.  The hesitant shift of John's shoulders, not exactly uncomfortable but still unused to this, still wondering if this is really within the bounds of 'things mates do' and whether Sherlock will take it the wrong way (which is ridiculous, since Sherlock has no more than a passing academic interest in John's penis and certainly no sexual designs on it).
Sherlock himself has only the relatively straightforward regrets of a) hurting John, b) leaving John, and c) not having come to terms with his own emotions while his life expectancy was measured in years and not weeks.
When John's shoulder hurts, Sherlock knows precisely where to knead his fingers to work out the ache, and that it helps to keep him warm afterwards, which is an excellent inducement to curl together under the covers and nap for a bit while the bees hum a lullaby outside their window.
No. No, that’s not right. Perhaps it’s Sherlock who is dead. He can’t quite keep that straight, anymore.
Downstairs, Sherlock sets the table while John takes a shower. When John returns, he's wearing the cobalt button-up that brings out his eyes. He saves it for days when he's feeling particularly affectionate toward Sherlock, so the morning is off to an excellent start.
John's eyes went wide. He should really have stopped being surprised by now at Sherlock's ignorance of pop culture, and yet.
John grinned at him, feeling a bit predatory. "I'm always ready for action with you." At this, Kellerman made a retching sound underneath him. John dug his knee into one of his kidneys.
John glares at him over the top of the newspaper, his hair still damp and tousled from his shower.  "What, Sherlock."
The journal’s not explicit, exactly, and perhaps not instantly damning — Sherlock is usually too lazy to go through John's things without a reason, though it's been known to happen — but it's more, and more poetic, than he usually writes about his flatmate/friend, and taken as a whole, it's certainly enough to make the world's only consulting detective suspicious.  So John keeps it in his wardrobe, and keeps writing.  He notices everything about Sherlock now; he can't do anything else.  His observations flow out of his fingertips and onto the page, his heart bleeding ink until his hands are drenched in Sherlock.  John hoards moments and descriptions and mental pictures like a magpie collecting treasures, and writes his tribute to Sherlock one sentence at a time.
Afterwards, John stays away from the flat. He doesn’t answer texts or even phone calls, once Sherlock resorts to the latter. Sherlock considers following him, but opts to wait, since Sherlock is not worried. Obviously. There will be some rational—or perhaps irrational—explanation for why John is gone. He is certainly not hurt, or in danger, or—well. He’s not. So, in his absence, Sherlock performs every messy and malodourous experiment he can think of, purposely leaves human remains in the refrigerator drawer, and goes through a pack and a half of cigarettes out of spite, because if John is going to desert him then Sherlock is damn well going to smoke.
."  He flops down on the sofa next to Sherlock and pulls some of the blankets off of him.  He's sitting close enough to provide some warmth, but they're not actually touching.  Yet.  "Are you sitting on the telly remote?"
"Ah, thank you, John," Sherlock said, smugly proprietary. He produced handcuffs from somewhere and tossed them to John. "I've already texted Lestrade, so we shouldn't have to wait long." Kellerman was yelling and swearing at them under John, chafing at the handcuffs, but the party was too loud for anyone to hear him. Sherlock leaned languidly against the wall, watching John with a certain gleam in his eye.
"I might. Do you perhaps have any other . . . accessories to go with that costume? Isn't there meant to be a whip as well?"
"Yes." Awed, Sherlock lifts John's hand to his mouth and kisses it. He keeps his eyes fixed on the points where they connect, on the movement of his thumb over John's knuckles. Their palms clasp together like closed parentheses.
Everything is so much quieter in his head now.  His brain never, ever shuts off, and when it's harnessed to a case, it makes him brilliant, but if it's not constantly occupied, it cannibalises itself, recursive bad memories and corrosive what-ifs spiralling down into infinity.  He'd given up hope of ever being able to slow it down by legal means, but physical contact with John seems to do it.  He hasn't had access to this kind of regular touch in decades, and he'll take as much advantage of it as John will allow.
"Sherlock.  God knows I don't want to talk about this either, but I just need to check — are you — is this —
"John, I—you should know that I—thought about you. While I was away.  I … missed you." Not the three words he wanted to say, but it's a start.
Sherlock swallows.  “Yes.”  He experiences a stab of guilt at the mention of pain meds, since he’s the reason they don't have anything stronger in the flat.  This, combined with Sherlock’s intense relief that John is all right and not brain-damaged or worse, leads unexpectedly to Sherlock leaning into John’s back, forehead resting at the base of John’s neck and breathing onto John’s spine while trying not to hyperventilate.  He clenches his hands in the sheets to prevent them from clamping onto John without his permission.
At the pool, he'd wanted—needed—to confirm with his hands that John wasn't hurt. He needed the proof of as many senses as possible that John was fine, needed to map and survey the terrain of him with his palms.  Instead, he’d ripped the Semtex off John’s back and prepared himself to die, the first time.
So Sherlock picks at his food, dodges most of John’s questions, and watches him grow progressively less tense while talking about nothing in particular.  All the while, Sherlock cannot believe his own luck.  By rights, he should be dead many times over, but instead, he’s here.  Maybe he really is invincible.  Maybe John makes him invincible.
"No!  No.  Um, no thank you?"  John flushes bright red.  Sherlock decides to put him out of his misery by sparing him further talking.  He unceremoniously grabs John's free hand and places it in his hair.  "Just this."
In his dreams, the heart of the city beats on, embodied in the chambers and ventricles of 221B. At its centre sits a homunculus, built of steel and bravery and clad in wool jumpers, deceptively mundane and absolutely vital.
"You found it, then."  John feels oddly calm.  He's been waiting for this, even if he wasn't entirely willing to admit it.  Sherlock's lack of personal boundaries can be useful at times.
"Yes."  Sherlock's face and posture are careful, giving nothing away.  He's holding John's journal in his lap, his hands folded primly on top of it.  But there's a second book, sitting on the end of the bed, a few feet away from Sherlock.  It's one of Sherlock's lab notebooks, black-bound and deceptively innocuous.  Sherlock's eyes flick to it and back to John, and Sherlock inclines his head at it, waiting for John to pick it up.
.  Sherlock can feel his trembling start to subside, and smell John's homey, woolly, gun-oil scent.  Most shockingly, Sherlock's brain is slowing down, not in an impaired way, but in a calm, clear, still-water sort of way that is so exceedingly rare he wasn't sure he was capable of it anymore, and certainly not naturally.  His mind hasn't been this uncluttered since he was small enough to be bundled into Mummy's arms when he was distressed.  He feels the last of the nervous tension leave his body, in remarkably short time, and quickly organises the remaining facts of the case in his mind palace while marvelling at how John is the perfect height to serve as a brace for Sherlock this way.  John holds on for a bit longer — it might be seconds or minutes — before patting Sherlock's back and letting go.
Sherlock sighs his most put-upon sigh, but once they've watched the first few scenes and he's protested the shoddy science and multiple impossibilities, John relaxes against him in a way that feels as right as springing the last tumbler of a lock.  Sherlock rearranges himself to pull his arm out of the blanket cocoon and lay it along the back of the sofa, which also happens to be behind John's shoulders.  John stiffens and looks over, but Sherlock remains impassive.  "My arm was going numb," he provides, which isn't even a lie, and John gradually unstiffens, having found this an acceptable excuse for what his awful father would have called 'unmanly' touching.  Sherlock breathes out in relief and goes back to cheerfully eviscerating the movie, which John good-naturedly protests but is clearly entertained by.
"Can't be separated, yeah, I get it," John says, grinning wildly. "I think that's a solution I can work with."
When their wine comes, he fills their glasses and raises his in a toast. "To many more years together," he says, and John lifts his glass.
Sherlock nodded, and John led them down the stairs and onto the street, accompanied by the pleasing knowledge that Sherlock was definitely staring at his arse.
Sherlock stills, and listens, and starts walking, following John’s voice into the black until he can figure out what to do. He will not let John down again; he will save him this time. He will.
The three of them work on the garden together, weeding and pruning and coaxing it further into bloom until it's fragrant and vital, a feast for the eyes and for the bees. Sherlock gets freckles from being out in the sun, and John counts and tends them with the same care Sherlock gives to his bees. It's good and it's now and it's everything Sherlock would've never thought to hope for. It may be the twilight of their lives together, but it's no less beautiful for that.
When Sherlock climbs up to John's bedroom with the pills and a glass of water, John's waiting for him, having just plugged in his mobile to charge.  Sherlock passes the water to John, who swallows the pills, gingerly takes his shirt off, and kneels on the bed.  The bruising starts between John’s shoulder blades, near the T5 vertebra, and extends up his back and onto the nape of his neck.  There’s darker, livid aubergine blood pooling under his skin, forming an outline to match the edge of the skip that John was thrown against.  Sherlock sits down behind him for a closer look.  He can feel the heat radiating from John’s skin, the inflammatory response as John’s body tries to rebuild damaged tissues.
“John. Why can’t I see you? You promised.” Sherlock knows his voice holds an unwelcome note of desperation, but he feels as though the dark is suffocating him, pressing in from all sides with the weight and nap of velvet.
They wound through the rest of the crowd and staked out a well-situated corner where they could keep an eye on the host. It was almost cosy, the two of them forming their own little island in all the commotion. John's right arm was touching Sherlock's left from shoulder to elbow, and the comfort and warmth of him was making John a bit drowsy. Then Sherlock jabbed him in the ribs with one sharp elbow.
London, its wild-eyed avatar made flesh, with his Serpentine hair and his Shard-bright eyes and his heart as guarded as the Tower.  Sherlock loves London the way that men of old loved the gods of spring, and he brings her murderers in tribute, trussed-up and piled like kindling on the altar of his crowing cleverness.
"Yeah, that sounds nice," John replies, eyes shining, and tucks in to his food while Sherlock watches, pleased. In rather a role reversal, John's appetite isn't what it used to be, so occasionally it's Sherlock who has to remind John to eat.
When John stretches to hang his coat on the peg, the cuffs of his jumper recede slightly, and Sherlock can see the pale tributaries of veins in his wrists, streaming blood back to the headwaters of John’s heart, where Sherlock wants to be.  He is awed, suddenly, to be living in a universe that produced John Watson.  Millions of years of human evolution, and trillions of possible genetic permutations at conception, all combined to form this man and no other.  Statistically speaking, John is a near-impossibility, yet he exists.
“Sherlock.”  John is staring at him, blank and unreadable.  “I thought … um.  Jesus.”  He blinks, and moves to the side of the doorframe.  "You can come in, you know."
John is there, as he’d been three weeks before the first time Sherlock left, reading the newspaper in the other room while Sherlock finished his experiment. When he glanced up from the microscope, the early morning sun had warmed John's hair and made it glow golden as Midas’ touch.  It crowned John and made him a little king on an upholstered throne. He found himself looking up more often to track the movement of the light across John's scalp. He wondered (out of idle curiosity) what it would feel like to follow the path of the light with his fingertips, to learn the topography of John's skull and the texture of his hair between Sherlock's fingers. Would John let him? Would he giggle and dismiss it as 'Sherlock being Sherlock', or become annoyed and push him away? John could be unpredictable in these matters, so new data was always useful.
Seven days after John’s daughter is born, he moves back into 221B without her. Sherlock knows why, and has cautiously hoped for this outcome since he met Alice Hannah Watson and looked into her eyes. They were richly brown as burnished maple, too dark to belong to John’s biological child. John had obviously reached the same conclusion, but his determined cheerfulness as he sat at Mary's bedside said that he’d already repressed the knowledge, along with everything else he couldn’t handle thinking about.
And he could have done; they could have retired together when Sherlock's transport finally betrayed him, and they could have wizened into old men here. He could have watched John shuffle about the house as he grew slower and even shorter, bundled in increasingly terrible jumpers. Sherlock could have measured the tonal degradations in John's hair as it faded from bronze to silver, and seen the sun crown him in argent while the bees rose up behind him like a prayer. They could have been a matched set, wrinkled and diminished but still together and alive, telling death to piss off for as long as possible.
One of his hotel rooms in Russia has a fireplace with two chairs in front of it. Since Mycroft arranged the reservation, Sherlock makes a mental note to be especially insufferable to him when next he phones. Sherlock flings his bag in the direction of the bedroom, in which he is not going to sleep. He does not stare too long at the empty chair to the left of the fireplace, and absolutely does not envision John sitting in it, looking up at him in fond amazement.
Sherlock's high cheekbones flushed with colour, and he watched John from underneath his eyelashes. His mouth did something complicated, and John felt his heart twist in response. Sherlock could still be heartbreakingly unsure about being loved, even after all this time. John smoothed his thumb down the back of Sherlock's hand, soothing, and his pinky and ring fingers slid back to touch the inside of Sherlock's wrist. He could feel the blood rushing there, jumping up to meet his. John's other hand went to Sherlock's jaw, gently lifting his face up.
Happily, since they're both full and sluggish from lunch, it's only a brief walk to Ian's house, and Sherlock tries to enjoy it, to be here and now without worrying about the future. He's only partially successful, but when John squeezes his hand and smiles at him, it's hard to be elsewhere.
The media, of course, has seized breathlessly upon his ‘suicide’. He reads the coverage from a library computer in Vienna. There are endless speculative, tell-all articles, most sensational, all of them wrong. Lestrade is still fighting to keep his job at the Yard. John is still being pursued by the paparazzi, looking small and tired and painfully diminished, in a way that Sherlock can’t quite define—not until hours later, when he looks in the mirror at his own expression, and thinks,
The autopsy report will say ‘Cause of Death: John Watson’, and Sherlock cannot think of a better way to go.
"There's no need to make that face, love," John says, still cradling the puppy. "No one could ever replace you, you know."
"Lovely! If you'll just follow me, then." Sherlock puts a hand on the small of John's back to lead him along into the kennel room. He makes sure to stay slightly in front of John, so that he can see his face when John realises where this is going. When he sees the puppies, John goes very still under Sherlock's palm.
Instead, he buys cigarettes in a fit of restless longing. He stands near the tiny slit window of his room and smokes the first one. The nicotine enters his bloodstream in a heady rush, and the attendant modulation of neurotransmitters is almost enough to drown out John’s voice in his head, going on and on about how smoking is awful for you and how Sherlock will probably end up in an early grave if he doesn’t stop.
And then—Sherlock is flying, he is falling, he is weightless, he is soaring on the wings of a euphoric high better than anything he has ever felt.  His future with John stretches out like a map unrolled, like the wide universe.  He can feel his eyes start to burn and his mouth pull into a grin without his permission, and John is grinning back at him, and it is
John lifts the hem of Sherlock’s sweat-damp T-shirt and peels it over his head, and Sherlock still feels hot but it's an entirely different heat now, trickling down his spine and settling molten in the cradle of his hips. John looks overcome at the sight of him, barely halfway undressed, and Sherlock thinks he may spontaneously combust if he doesn't start touching John again immediately. Sherlock reaches out, and then John’s hands are on him, roving over his torso, a declaration of intent that makes his belly tighten with need.  His hands find John’s hair and he slots their mouths together, licking his way assiduously into John's mouth, desperate to find out how he tastes and whether Sherlock can estimate the pH of John’s saliva using just his tongue. He can't, he'll need samples, but this is already the best experiment he's ever undertaken.
He makes it three and a half months before he’s captured again.  That’s three months longer than anyone else has managed, but still hardly satisfactory.
He takes John to bed and loves him very, very slowly, as if the space between their bodies is all the world they need.
“It’ll be quick, I promise,” John soothes. “It doesn’t need to be protracted like with the others. I know that you
This morning, Sherlock lost another of the hives. He'd gone outside to find thousands of brittle, dead drones, curled up in their hexagonal cells like waxy shrouds. The meagre honey they'd left behind was dripping down the comb like old blood, slow as a funeral dirge. It's the second such hive this season.
He wonders how it would feel to be held by John, or to curve around him in bed, whether all of Sherlock’s molecules would orient themselves toward John, mirroring their embrace on the microscopic level, looking for their counterparts, bonded forever.
"You needn't worry about your virtue, John.  If you must know, it makes everything — quieter.  In my brain.  You can't know what it's like, having everything in your head at once.  The physical contact makes it more bearable.  And you didn't seem to mind it either," he adds, a trifle defensively.
When his father died, he tried to write, but the words wouldn't cooperate.  They staged a revolt, unwilling to serve an ugly rabble of emotions that John couldn’t command himself.  He eventually gave it up as a bad job and got drunk instead.  It was a fitting tribute.
He’s aware of the colloquial meaning of ‘chemistry’, of course, but he didn’t consider it relevant until much later.
Sometimes, John is under him, pupils blown dark and deep as mine shafts, and Sherlock presses the pads of his fingers into all the right places until John opens up like a puzzle box for him.
It is around this time that two things happen. First, Lestrade realises (days after Sherlock himself) that Sherlock has no alibi for—or memory of—the nights of the killings, and starts to look at him with something approaching dread. Second, John stays with him all the time. He’s there in their flat, in the light and the dark, when Sherlock closes his eyes. John just looks at him, patient and calm, as though he’s waiting for something. Or someone.
It’s raining in sparse, fat drops, falling slowly, struggling through the thick air. The smell of it, damp and oddly musty, is rare here, in the middle of the Mojave Desert. This town is a geographical anomaly, and he is too conspicuous here, sticking out like an orchid in a field of dandelions.
"It's all right, Sherlock," John mumbles, already pulled towards sleep again.  "If the touching helps, that's — good.  But not in front of Mrs Hudson," he adds.  "Or in public."
Los Angeles, New York, Paris: the world’s cities are flickering out like guttering candles, and London will be next.
Sherlock feels an answering buoyancy in his own chest at John’s smothered laughter.  It makes him light-headed and dizzy.  He feels drunk, but he’s only had half a glass of wine.
He outran love for as long as he could, but it still found him, stalking him like a lion on the veldt until he finally let down his guard.  Ruthless, it tore out his heart to cherish like a ruddy cabochon jewel.
Sherlock could easily become accustomed to this.  He rarely touches anyone, unless it's necessary for a case, but touching John produces an extraordinary sense of satisfaction and warmth, like playing violin in the lamplight while John watches.  There are no mathematics that can explain it, though something more subjective like hedonic calculus or Maslow's hierarchy of needs might come close.  He's been building a battalion of supporting arguments in case John protests, in case he demands a reason why.  Sherlock doesn't want to lose this.
He watches one of Moriarty’s assassins bleed out in a field near the Appian Way and thinks that he is building a road of corpses back home, back to John: skulls for cobblestones and blood for mortar.
Sometimes it takes quite a long time to connect the next dot. He would have relished the challenge, before.
John stirs and pushes himself up on his hands over Sherlock.  He can see the thoughts flickering behind John’s eyes like a burgeoning candle flame, going from confusion to satisfaction to what looks like joy.
He wants to read every word of the book that is John, from beginning to end.  He wants to stroke his spine and the gilded edges of his pages.
"I wanted . . . I would have liked to grow old with you," Sherlock confesses, as if to a crime. "I wanted to know every change in you, every permutation of every variable."
“The others, they hurt you,” he gasps out, “but I didn’t save you. I wasn’t clever enough. You trusted me, and I didn’t save you.”
Someday far too soon, they'll die, and be interred in the same urn: what's left of John transmuted into beloved ash, commingled irreversibly with what's left of Sherlock, forever and ever amen. Someday, they'll be gone — but for now, and later, and for all of the shining times before, Sherlock will give thanks.
When he dreams, he often ends up back on the tarmac with John. He says the words at last, and John says them back, and clings on to him as if he'll never leave, never let him go.
"Hello, Ian. This is my husband, John." He will never get tired of saying those words; they give him a deathless thrill every time. "We're here to pick up his birthday present."
John reaches out then, and touches Sherlock's face, his jaw, very gently, and slowly, slow enough to give Sherlock plenty of time to pull away if John's got this wrong.  Sherlock doesn't pull away.  He turns his face into John's palm, eyes fluttering shut, and John's fingertips start caressing lightly, just under Sherlock's ear.
John sits down heavily on the bed at that, a careful distance from Sherlock.  When he puts his hands down on the duvet, he can feel the warmth from Sherlock's body where it's bled into the sheets.  He shivers.
," Sherlock had said, his voice dropping an octave, and John had blinked and then laughed as Sherlock all but tackled him onto the sofa, where he proceeded to give John good reason not to be upset about the glasses. Behavioural conditioning of a sort, and it had worked, too; sometimes John will wear the glasses on purpose now if it's been a while. (It's possible Sherlock may have conditioned himself as well.)
John was the first in a very long time to believe that there was more to Sherlock than brilliance and sociopathy, to think that he was capable of empathy and kindness. Sherlock had always depended on John for those things, but he found that he did not want to disappoint John, that his approval was worth earning.
It’s quite warm here, Sherlock realises, choking down the unreasoning fear in his throat. He won’t be cold anymore, not here. Maybe it’s John’s presence warming him; maybe it’s something else.
.  John is essential, and so Sherlock takes a shuddering breath, puts his back against a sturdy, dirty brick wall, and goes to his mind palace.
He keeps it with him in the pocket of whatever clothes he's wearing and touches it like a talisman. It grounds him, even if he doesn't entirely know why.
“I know what you mean, Sherlock,” John whispers.  The reverent, raw tone of his voice cracks Sherlock open like the sky after a lightning strike.  John cannot possibly mean what Sherlock hopes, can he?  Surely he just means the same camaraderie he’s always meant.  Probably it’s that.  Sherlock needs to touch him, though, just a bit, just to be sure.  He can feel the static electricity gathering in his fingertips, looking for a way to complete the circuit.  He is a live wire, and John is ground.
John's hands are a paradox. They're so gentle and seeking when Sherlock is hurt, but so clenched and furious when he does the hurting. They're the hands that shot a man for him, the fingertips that bruised his wrist searching for a pulse, the knuckles that bloodied his unapologetic mouth.
This second disappointment should be easier to weather, given the amount of practice he has already accumulated. But instead of coming in overwhelming waves like the first, it aches constantly, like his bones did when he was fourteen and adding height faster than his body could handle.
John turns, dislodging Sherlock's hands, and regards him with what Sherlock considers unwarranted amusement.  "Sure it does.  I guess the shelf full or hair care products in the loo is just for show, then?"
But injustice is only one of the many things wrong with the universe, and when John wanders in to find him crumpled on the floor, surrounded by pages and pages of unsolvable equations, he doesn’t even say anything, just sits down heavily next to Sherlock and puts an arm around his shoulders and lets him breathe into John’s jumper.
Sherlock's staring, though, and he looks down just in time to see the last of his reaction product sink to the bottom of the beaker.
On their next case, Sherlock accidentally-on-purpose falls into the Thames.  (He takes his coat off first; he'd managed to find an excuse for that much.)  He didn't intend for John to jump in after him, especially since Sherlock is an excellent swimmer, but John's concern and the urgency with which he pulled Sherlock from the water were nonetheless reassuring.  Sherlock can still salvage this.
They walked the last two blocks home in a blissful daze, still drunk on the night and each other. When they entered 221, John glanced toward Mrs Hudson's door, trying to gauge if they'd need to be quiet, but Sherlock just snorted.
"Of course I'm coming with you." John squares his shoulders, as if daring Sherlock to try and stop him. "Of course I am."
"For you, yes," John said, and held his hand tighter. "Should we do some trick-or-treating on the way home, do you think?" John teased. "Seems a shame to waste the costumes."
“I wouldn’t have thought you’d like the country,” John says from the kitchen. He’s checking to see how much water they have left, but he pretends to be looking for tea once he spots Sherlock.
"Nothing that exciting, I'm afraid. Our suspect is throwing a Halloween party, and we're going to attend."
The fourth body belongs to one Sebastian Moran, mercenary, hit man, and a favourite of Moriarty’s, having gone so far as to help carry out the logistics of some of his ‘fixes.’
"Sherlock," John whispers, and his eyes are suspiciously shiny. Sherlock can't stop looking at him, even though he can feel himself blushing. "I intend to, yeah?" John says gently, and reaches out to take his hand. "I plan to stick around for a very long while yet. I wouldn't want to leave my — dog — to be taken care of by anyone else. But I'm afraid you'll have to stick around too. To help with the dog, of course."
Sherlock mourns on the microscale—the perfect, firework thrill of a case newly solved, of a poison correctly identified; the patina of his violin in the lamplight; the sunlit warmth of John’s voice when he says
"Ah, thank you. That's lovely." John heaves himself up, and Sherlock gives him a gentle assisting push. John toddles into the bathroom, and Sherlock takes a moment to appreciate the way the sun glints off of John's hair like freshly fallen snow. (He tried calculating the albedo once, but got distracted by the sea-deep blue of John's eyes and the glitter of his stubble in the morning light.)
John answers the door.  His eyes, wide with shock, meet Sherlock’s, and he suddenly finds it very difficult to breathe properly.  There is no colour or beauty in the world except for the depthless cobalt of John's eyes, and the way his lashes disappear in direct sunlight, and the gilded afternoon light that perches on his shoulders like epaulets.
.  The sun’s setting behind John, but its dying light drowns itself in John’s eyes and wraps around his shoulders and narrow waist.  The sight sparks an ignition behind Sherlock's eyes, at the top of his spine, and his dopaminergic pathways light up like Piccadilly Circus.
"Yes, I suppose so.  Thank you," he adds, at which John looks at him even more suspiciously but returns to his chair.
Life proved him wrong, and the stories tapered off as Harry got older and angrier and less willing to believe, but John never forgot the feeling.
He likes their story, his and Sherlock's.  He'd be happy to live in it for the rest of his life.  But after he starts catching himself wondering how best to describe the tilt of Sherlock's mouth when he's amused, or the way that firelight and fondness can turn his eyes warm and contented when he looks at John, John has to admit, if only to himself, that he wouldn't terribly mind if Sherlock wanted more romance in the narrative.  He thinks it's already a love story.
They eat in companionable silence and then stroll into town holding hands. John glances up at him through his eyelashes, mischievous and fond. The corner of Sherlock's mouth tips up. John is even shorter now than he used to be, though Sherlock knows better than to tease him about it. John may be small and wrinkled and a bit stooped, but Sherlock still finds him lovely to look at and touch and share his life with. He bends down to kiss the top of John's head, for no reason other than to feel the heat of his scalp and to smell the John-ness of his hair.
"Let's go," Sherlock whispered, and they made a beeline for the exit to cut him off. The back of the house opened onto an alley, and Kellerman was just coming around the corner toward the street when they came out. He froze, wide-eyed with panic.
John laughs outright, his eyes crinkling up charmingly at the corners.  "Yeah, that's definitely your life motto.  All right, then?"
Sherlock hates to lose data: it leaves holes in the universe, little darknesses that eat away at the edifice of knowledge and increase the entropy of existence. Sherlock hates that when they die, the vast reams of information that make up who they are will be erased: the acicular acuity of his thoughts will be blunted and shattered, and so will the precise angles of the furrows in John’s brow when Sherlock exasperates him, the refractory index of his irises, and the proud line of his spine when he holds a gun.
John perked up and looked, and sure enough, they were clearly siblings, with the same long nose and chestnut-coloured hair. They were familiar and at ease with each other; there was no sign of wariness or animosity. Though really, John reflected, there should have been; Kellerman was almost certainly a murderer, and probably more than once. He had stopped short of being a serial killer, for which John was thankful, but Sherlock mostly seemed to regard it as a failure of personal ambition. While John was musing, Kellerman suddenly broke away from his sister and headed for the back door.
He lies awake after John has gone to sleep, memorising. He tangles their legs together and splays his palms on John's back and breathes in time with the expansion and contraction of John's rib cage, as cyclical as empires.
"Do you ever wonder," John says, sounding almost accusatory, "what it would be like to completely start over? Do you ever want to?"
John could almost see Sherlock's ruffled feathers relaxing back into place. "Yes, all right." He slanted his eyes at John and opened his mouth as if to say something else, but seemed to think better of it.
Sherlock grinned back, one of the real ones that crinkled his face up and made him look gleeful and young. "Well then," he said, and threw John's hat across the room in favour of cupping John's skull in his huge hands, "a happy Halloween to us both."
Why is this occasion so different from saying the words slightly less overtly at John’s wedding?  Why is this last declaration—which, after all that he’s done, should be obvious, almost an afterthought—so difficult?  And why does he feel as though the words are continually growing inside him, crowding out his organs and crawling up his oesophagus, desperate to fall off the tip of his tongue?
In medical school, he was too overwhelmed and exhausted to write much of anything, though there was one memorable incident with a fellow student and a series of Post-It notes on patient charts.  They’d both been reprimanded, but it had been worth it.
"We're here," Sherlock announces a few minutes later, and holds the door open for John. John cocks his head at him, curious, and goes inside. Sherlock, as ever, follows him.
The fifth body is Moriarty himself, still grinning in an obscene death rictus and splayed out in what’s left of his Westwood suit. The tiny skulls on his tie are drenched in blood. It’s Mycroft who summons Sherlock to this crime scene, who shows up there himself and searches Sherlock’s face with shuttered, pale eyes before speaking.
“For—almost everything. I would stop this, save you, if I could. But if not, I’m glad you’re with me, John.”
A mere month ago, in another life, Janine Hawkins, née Moriarty, was arrested for tampering with the British Telecom network, and her property was seized by the British Government. When Mycroft suggests that Sherlock and John leave while they still can, he offers them the cottage in Sussex. They flee to the country like children in a wartime drama. Sherlock brings his violin, and John brings his gun.
whereupon Sherlock had pointed out that it hadn’t been locked, making sure to slam said door on his way out.
. Sherlock tugs slightly in invitation, and John accepts, lying face-down on the bed next to him, still touching him, and meeting his unblinking gaze in the darkness. He can feel the ridges of John's fingerprints against the inside of his wrist. The moonlight pools between them like mercury, lapping against John's edges, and Sherlock doesn't look away.
When Sherlock was five years old, he got his first chemistry set. It came in a leather carrying case with latches that opened with a satisfying
wondered, though not in any way he’d ever act upon, whether John was special in any tangible, empirical way, any way that would explain why he was so endlessly fascinating when the rest of humanity was so irredeemably boring. But now John has offered, and it’s possible that this is still a dream, so looking can’t do any harm. Can it? No. Maybe. Probably not.
It's good, the way they are with each other; it's always been good. It still surprises him, but some days it's almost worth being old for this sort of thing, for the unconscious intimacy that comes from spending decades with someone. He and John move around each other like satellites, and they hardly have to speak to know what the other is thinking.
"Anyway," John continues, looking him in the eye, "it's nice that you tried to help, so — thanks."  He nods once, definitively, and leaves the room.
"John! Come outside." He pauses briefly at the door, waiting for John to follow him one last time. "It's almost here."
Sherlock puts on his best sad, pleading expression.  "John.  I think I might have a bruised rib from the chase.  You should probably check.  In the interest of medical thoroughness."
While he is mapping out the remnants of Moriarty’s network, he talks to John. It helps him think. Connections and hierarchies fall into place until he can see which node has to be neutralised next. He turns, to bask in John’s praise, and is brought up short by reality.
It was October, and John was glad. Autumn had settled around them like a cloak. The air was spiced with the earthy, comforting scents of dying leaves and slumbering hearth fires, and the days were crouching down into long nights that nipped at fingers and noses. The trees in Regent's Park were setting themselves on fire in blazing reds and golds, and there was enough of a chill in the air to claw through light jackets and jumpers. John had taken to wearing his heavier cable-knit jumpers, which Sherlock teased him about but which still made him nestle into John's chest on the sofa. Tea seemed even more necessary than usual, and they kept the fire stoked while they were home, to ward off the crepuscular cold that crept in through the windowpanes and under the door.
While he is away, he reads dozens of books on astronomy, because he needs something to occupy his mind and because he is still trying to define the serrated edge of longing that seizes him whenever he studies the subject.
John goes on like this for a week, until a rainy Thursday arrives, almost entirely unremarkable.  He spends most of his locum hours on dreary NHS paperwork, forgets his umbrella, and endures his last two Tube stops crammed in at rush hour with what seems like half of London.
It has been sixty-two days, eight cities, and twenty-two members of Moriarty’s network since Sherlock last saw London. Mycroft sends him money and surveillance photos of John, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade. Mrs Hudson looks smaller and thinner, and Lestrade is obviously exhausted, worn ragged around the edges.
It's too much, the belated relief of it, so Sherlock sags forward into John, stumbling a bit, and rests his forehead on John's sturdy shoulder, just above where his gunshot scar must be.  John goes rigid for a moment, but after that pause, his arms come up to circle Sherlock's waist and back, and then they're hugging for the first time, and
"Just the opposite, in fact," Sherlock avers, and John's expression softens. They stand barefooted amongst the hives like remembered kings, and the bees emit a low elegiac hum.
John lets out a single sharp giggle into his pillow.  "Christ.  No, I did not know that, but trust you to measure that kind of thing.  I — ah.  Okay, then.  Go to sleep."
If possible, John’s grin grows even wider.  He looks incandescent, like Sherlock feels, as if his heart has just reached critical mass.
He’s up and off the bed before John can even properly turn his head, but Sherlock hears John call his name as he all but trips down the stairs.
He sheds his suit, his coat, his armour, again.  He left his coat with Mycroft, exchanged it for nondescript T-shirts and hoodies that make him look like a misguided tourist.  The ill-fitting fabric sloughs off of him like a skin every time he changes his identity.  He doesn’t feel like himself without his suits, without John, but he’s not meant to.
It all makes him feel young again, even though this is nothing like London, nothing like the fevered, fanatical loneliness of his youth. Spring here always puts an extra bounce in John's step; he straightens into parade rest when he sees the lush verdure advancing up over the Downs, as if he's waiting for marching orders from Persephone. Sherlock wonders if John likes pomegranates. He should know that by now, probably, but it's never come up. Then again, there are always new things to discover; it never fails to please him, the bottomless paradox of John. Even after all these years, the depths of him are still a beloved mystery. It's almost a sacrament, the learning of new John-facts. The way he feels for John is the closest he's come to an experience of the numinous: it frees him, occasionally, from the prison of the self. But he has no desire for converts in the traditional sense; his blogger is not for sharing. He's perfectly happy to live out the rest of his life in monastic devotion, feeding John and loving John and provoking John just enough to distract him from what Sherlock did to their kitchen table. He would never have thought this would be enough, but then, his younger self had been significantly stupider in many ways. John is the crowning mystery of Sherlock's life — a perfect ten, arguably unsolvable but worth every single second spent in the attempt.
"Not yet," Sherlock protests.  He lets his breathing slow to match John's while he collects his thoughts.
He heard Sherlock's tread on the stairs and turned to see him striding into the room, dressed as a vampire, bloody hell. John was going to have a difficult time staying focussed tonight.
Scotland is intolerable. There are far too many hideous cabled jumpers on the backs of its inhabitants. He wants to set every last one of the offending garments on fire, as a warning to the other Scots and their abysmal aesthetic sense.
"Isolating the toxin from Lestrade’s latest case, but the heat ruined it. It's an irreversible reaction; I can't salvage it now."
Sherlock blinks at this pronouncement, and keeps his opinions regarding Watson stubbornness to himself.
He wrote about a few boys too during that time, and later on at uni, but they sure as hell never knew about it.
Sherlock is across the room before he even realises it, stepping none-too-gently on the prone body of the killer on the way.  He grabs John by the shoulders to turn his body square to Sherlock's, looking him over with eyes and hands, circling him, patting him down to check for hidden injuries, and not pausing for breath until he's sure that John emerged intact.  John looks surprised but lets it happen, and his bemused expression turns to concern when Sherlock realises that his own limbs are trembling, just slightly, from the adrenaline comedown now that it's over and John is still alive.  He's always hated that his body betrays him this way, but he's never been able to stop it happening, so he normally settles for hiding it.  But he can't hide from John, here, now, and a small, reckless part of him doesn't even wish to, so he forces himself to meet John's eyes again and sees only gentleness and affection.
He's stopped automatically correcting people who assume they're a couple.  He wonders if Sherlock notices.  Scratch that; he wonders what Sherlock thinks about it.
Sherlock makes himself leave before John wakes up. They don’t talk about it, but Sherlock can still feel the warmth at every point where John’s skin pressed against his, their pulses keeping perfect time.
He wants to use words the way Sherlock uses data.  Writing has never seemed quite as important as it does now; the urge to get it right has never been this strong.  He wants to feel the caught-killer thrill of a beautiful sentence and the scalpel-sharp satisfaction of an apt description.  He wants to know that he's captured Sherlock as well as English ever can, that he's made him come alive for others, made him just that little bit less mortal.
Kepler’s third law, the law of harmonies, compares the orbital periods and radii of different planets.
"For God's sake, Sherlock, I'm not going to kiss it better!"  John tenses, clearly ready to fend Sherlock off if necessary.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth tipped up, and he bowed his head in mock defeat. "I accept your terms. Tell me," he said, slowly leaning in toward John, "would this be considered a trick or a treat, do you think?"
Sherlock's brow scrunches up in frustration, little folds forming above the bridge of his nose.  John wants to smooth them out with his thumb.  "Just look at the notebook, John."
They're not young men anymore, and they haven't been for a long time. He can't help dwelling on it at times, especially when he's forcibly reminded of the banal cruelties of age. He has to be mindful of the time he spends bent over the hives in the morning; if he stays in one position for too long, his back aches for days. His mind palace, too, is not what it once was; it would be more accurate now to call it a manor. He and John both find it difficult to sleep through the night, thanks to their deteriorating bladders. It's a challenge to maintain one's dignity when nature is bent on sabotaging it. And he worries about John, who is five years older and moving rather slower these days. His shoulder pains him badly when it rains, and he needs glasses, which he fought against for months. When he had come home wearing them, looking all prickly and puffed-up like a porcupine, Sherlock had stared, enraptured by this magnificently ferocious little creature, and John had glared back, tetchy and spoiling for a fight.
way.  Or, even if John wasn’t convinced, he would allow them both the excuse to pretend it never happened, and they could have whatever friendship might be left to them.
"Not joining me?" John says wryly. Sherlock blinks and then steals one of John's jars of jam to spread on his toast.
They took the long way home, with the streetlights turning the night into a soft indigo watercolour. The party had been in Marylebone, so they'd walked there, and now they strolled along, enjoying the dual glow of victory and anticipation.
Sherlock saved the EEG in his mind palace, in the annex that belongs to John. When he needs to sleep and can’t, he traces the peaks and troughs with his mind until they blur into a single wave that pulls him under.
The next morning he’d shown John the approximate EEG he’d drawn up of his brain activity and explained that, while it was lamentably imprecise and needed to be done properly in a controlled environment, the alpha wave amplitude indicated that John would have fewer nightmares if he ran more often and gave up his late-night curries. John had blinked, said nothing, and made him tea. He’d left his bedroom door open that night and every night after.
For a moment, he wonders if Mycroft might be behind this, but no: Mycroft would never be so dramatic about killing, not even when it was done to make a point. So, serial killer, or just a very specific vendetta?
. Its rain-slick, cobblestone hide glistens under the streetlights. Its exhalations crinkle the skin of the Thames and spin the Eye like a pinwheel. The Underground trains thunder through its veins, and the pulse of the City is a constant metronome.
Sherlock may have disavowed any knowledge of the solar system, but he orbits John Watson all the same.
When they get home, he allows John to order takeaway and feed him some of it, because John, in addition to needing regular danger, also needs to take care of people.  Sherlock has determined that it makes John feel necessary and needed, which of course he is, but since Sherlock is perhaps not as good as he could be at communicating this truth in a way that won't embarrass them both, eating John's food is an efficient way to express it.  Additionally, while Sherlock does not, strictly speaking, need to be cared for, he finds he doesn't mind the caring when John does it.  It makes him feel needed too, so he eats the food, enjoying the companionable silence.
Spring waxes into summer, and John's puppy grows round and rambunctious along with it. John putters endearingly around their cosy cottage, filled with monographs and memories, while the dog trundles along at John's heels. John names it Gladstone, and babies it ludicrously.
John palms the notebook and picks it up, opening it to the first page.  Sherlock's scrawled handwriting fills every line, barely legible, but John can make most of it out.  Each page is dated, starting from February 2010.  It's Sherlock's observations of him.  They get more detailed, and personal, as the dates progress.  John’s eyes widen a bit at the lengthy monograph about why tea made by him is superior to tea made by anyone else, and when he gets to the section that records his known emotional responses to different violin pieces, John realises that, coming from Sherlock, this is an astoundingly obvious admission of sentiment.
Everything in America is absurdly young. The buildings here, even in the dubiously named New England, are too new to have put down roots. There is no weight of age or history in the stones, and it all smacks of an insular cultural naïveté that Sherlock finds deeply distasteful. The country itself is appallingly oversized and seems to be mocking him with its sprawl, filled as it is with outgrowths of Moriarty’s network. Before his death, it had metastasized across four continents, and some days he despairs of ever eliminating all of it.
John would fit in here, with his weathered colouring and talent for survival. It would be second nature to him, camouflaged predator that he is.
When they get back to Baker Street, Sherlock lets John go up first, so he can watch the seventeen steps welcome John back and lift him up to the landing, like hands raised in gratitude.  It’s surreal, the way the scant light in the entryway gathers itself to John.  But then, he belongs here.  He should never cross another threshold but this one, never hang his coat anywhere else.
When Sherlock opens the door to John, he looks worse than Sherlock has ever seen him, haggard and hunted and hurt. “I had a paternity test,” John grits out, posture stiff. “Mind if I stay here for a while?”
to John more clearly than four walls ever could. "You set a very high standard, John," he said, his voice dropping low. John felt heat flood to the tips of his fingers, tingling. Sherlock lifted his chin toward the stairs in invitation, and John bounded up them.
He’d asked Mycroft to keep the papers away from John, but Mycroft refused, saying it was necessary to avoid suspicion. Sherlock can’t decide whether he hates his brother more for refusing, or for being right. For his own part, he’s finding it more and more difficult to do what is necessary, in light of the fact that the cost of such necessity is becoming higher and higher every day.
Sherlock swallows.  "Yes, fine."  He pops into the loo for the medicine while John drags himself up the stairs.
John could be in any one of these abandoned buildings with a killer who ambushes his victims from behind, and Sherlock has to find him first, he has to
. Sherlock seemed to realise it too, and broke off mid-sentence to glance over at John, who kept gazing back. He had nothing left to hide anymore, nor did he want to.
John's blog becomes a chronicle of Sherlock almost immediately.  He's so much more interesting than John, and he's so easy to write about.  The words start flowing again, and John slowly gains a following of readers (and future clients) for his improbable-yet-true tales of Sherlock’s cases.  The blog turns into a running account of their mad, wonderful existence, and Sherlock lodges a token protest, but when he thinks John isn't looking, he reads the posts and lets his mouth twitch up at one corner.
They're in equilibrium with each other, a perfectly balanced equation.  Part of him is afraid to upset it, but another part wants to discover what product their reaction would produce. Probably an explosive one.
John stands up from his chair to loom over him, their usual positions reversed, and Sherlock has nowhere to look except at John, who fills Sherlock's vision like he fills his existence.
John keeps his eyes shut in the dark, but his fingers play over Sherlock's ribs like a sculptor's Braille, and a smile struggles to be born at the corners of his mouth.
Distraction thus settled, when John leaves for lunch the next day, Sherlock goes to pick out a puppy. They're quite ugly, really, but one of them, a squat little flat-faced blue merle puppy, keeps trying to climb over its siblings to see him, even though its eyes are barely open. It raises its wobbly head and yips feebly at him. It's determined and stubborn, and Sherlock picks it up and finds himself smiling.
"That's fine," Sherlock replies, and fills out the paperwork. He'll bring John back here when his dog is ready to go home with them. In the meantime, he can move his chemicals to the higher cabinets.
"I suppose that would be acceptable," Sherlock murmurs. He feels like a small child, afraid of the dark and glad to be comforted. "If you promise, that is. Do you promise?" His voice has grown thready, but then, so has John's.
It's fanciful, but sometimes he thinks that when they put him on a morgue slab, all of the places on his body that John has ever touched or nudged or brushed against in the hallway will fluoresce under the black light and illuminate him like the scene of a crime, with the thin skin over his heart glowing brightest of all.
When one star in a binary star system dies, the other will slowly drift out into space, unmoored and aimless.
Sherlock nods vehemently and curls his palms over the tops of John’s shoulders, thumbs anchored on his collarbones, pulling him back down.  “Yes, yeah, let’s do that,” Sherlock babbles, shoving the words out between heaving breaths.
It's more than just bodies, when they're together this way; it's something else entirely. He can feel every tiny quivering movement of John's frame where he's pressed against him, and it's as if Sherlock doesn't fully exist until John touches him solid with his hands and speaks him into existence with his mouth, offering up little gasping breaths and hitched moans against Sherlock's skin.
Interesting.  The sensations of John's hands sweeping his ribs were pleasant enough, but nowhere near their earlier calming intensity.  While it's possible the stressful situation contributed to the hug's anxiolytic effects, he'd rather not repeat that part of the experiment, so he'll concentrate on the rest of it.  Maybe it has to be reciprocal contact for it to work?  They were essentially holding on to each other, after all.
The lower bout of his violin echoes the sweet Darwinian curve of John's skull, and the waist of his violin mirrors the arc of John's throat. They're recurring tessellations in the cosmos, patterns that ripple out into nothingness.
John reaches delicately between the fourth and fifth ribs with his index finger and touches Sherlock’s left ventricle. Sherlock’s whole body jerks. John’s hands are cold.
He wants to analyse John's proteome, every single building block of his cells and his constituent chemicals, until he understands exactly which substances in John catalyse such a reaction in him, which ones induce affection and addiction and why they've never had an effect on him until they belonged to John Watson.
"You git, you took my blanket.  Budge up," John says when he returns.  Sherlock blinks his drooping eyelids open and looks as immovable and languid as possible.
“I’m not an idiot, Sherlock. I know that ‘Sherlock is actually a girl’s name’ wasn’t what you wanted to say on the tarmac. I realised it later, just like I realised you weren’t going to come back. You were going to leave again, go off and die without me—” John’s voice breaks, and it's shocking. His chin drops down to his chest, and his fists clench; Sherlock can see the muscle contractions cascade up to John’s shoulders, straightening his spine in military command. “So,” John grits out, gaze snapping back up to Sherlock’s, “what were you going to say? What would you say if it were your last night on Earth, since it actually might be?”
John breaks off in the middle of a discourse—on something, Sherlock’s not sure what, because he was distracted by counting John’s new grey hairs and wondering if their texture or tensile strength is different to that of the brassier strands, and is John at all likely to let him find out—to murmur a statement.  Sherlock startles, caught.
John, likewise, knows when Sherlock's brain is tearing itself apart and in what fashion, and can supply the proper antidote. He knows all the best walking paths near their cottage, and sometimes over-exerts Sherlock on purpose to check his lung capacity, even though he hasn't smoked in over a decade. John builds the perfect fires in the winter, ones that generate almost as much warmth as he does. It fills Sherlock with a buoyant happiness, as if his heart is a helium balloon.
John squares his shoulders, a soldier ready to advance.  He smiles, but it’s a sad smile.  “I said, I wish I could have been with you.  I … wanted to be with you.”
The first body, that of one of Moriarty’s snipers, is found on a Tuesday. Sherlock is called in to look at it, crumpled up on the pavement like a discarded garment. It’s barely recognisable as human, with vicious slashes to the face, indicating extreme hatred on the part of the killer. There are second-degree burns to most of the exposed skin—clearly done pre-mortem—and deep, ragged wounds to the chest and abdomen, the sources of which are still embedded in the flesh, winking up at him through the viscera. It’s shrapnel, quite a lot of it, as if from a bomb.
The ancient Egyptians used rock salt to preserve their dead and packed the bodies in it for its desiccative properties. Sherlock treats his memories of Baker Street like small sacred corpses, packs them into glass sarcophagi in his mind palace and visits occasionally, a tourist in the museum of his own life.
John's always been good at hiding in plain sight.  It's what he's started doing on his blog, now that he's aware of how much he's in danger of giving away, how much he's
Sherlock smirked, and his eyes looked ready to swallow John up like the Big Bad Wolf. The night was clear and sharp and cold, and John's senses were all tuned to the purring thrum of Sherlock's voice and the adrenaline in his own veins. They'd caught another killer, one more bad man off the streets thanks to them. It was an excellent evening, and it was likely to get even better before the day was done. The tilt of Sherlock's mouth guaranteed it.
It was home, this: a fire whispering to itself in the grate, his familiar chair, a hot cuppa, and his socked feet gently bumping against Sherlock's every time one of them shifted. 221b was a cosy den of books and tea and case files, and he and Sherlock reigned there like kings over a royal treasury of mysterious killers and dangerous chases through London's secret places. The days were getting shorter and colder, shrinking into themselves for winter, and he felt the urge to hibernate, to just get a heavy blanket and Sherlock and not leave the flat for several days. He was also hungry, but he'd already been to Tesco earlier to get the ingredients for dinner, and he had a packet of chocolate Hobnobs next to his chair, so that was sorted for now.
Two weeks in Argentina and he still hasn’t got used to the heat. When he ventures outside, it’s under a broad-brimmed hat that hides his sharp eyes and sharper cheekbones from the villagers. He buys coffee and mangoes because he can’t remember when he ate last and that’s a bit not good.
He feels weightless, as if he's floating in a vast ocean, near the shore, waiting to be called home.  Sherlock is trying to speak his language, or as close to it as he knows how.  It’s John’s job to make sure that nothing gets lost in translation.  "Sherlock, what are you trying to say?"  His voice is rough, uncontrolled, but that's all right.  He's not good at this stuff.
In the morning, Sherlock finds that not only did they both fall asleep at some point, but John also draped himself over Sherlock’s body as if he was waiting for bombs to fall. John’s back rises and falls under the sheets like the bellows of the earth.
Sherlock barks out a laugh at this, hoarse and raw. He sees Sally snap her head up at the sound, breaking off her latest argument with Lestrade. Sherlock knows what she’s thinking. He’s not even sure she’s wrong.
"You know," Sherlock says from behind him, "I always wanted to be cremated." John looks, for a suspended second, utterly stricken, and then he starts to laugh. Sherlock joins in, helpless. They laugh until their stomachs hurt and the laughter fades into an airless, hollowed-out sadness, as if they're at a funeral.
"It's all right," he said into John's solar plexus. "I'll manage." And he would; it wasn't the bees themselves that had left him so shaken, though losing another hive was of course vexing. It was the sense that death seemed to be everywhere he looked these days, seeping up from the ground like fog, and it was making him afraid. It was not something he cared to think of, and yet he did. Death was a wolf at the door, slavering for more flesh, and he did not want to give it.
John wants to do Sherlock justice, to record everything that makes him who he is, the good, the bad, and the extraordinary, so that other people can see Sherlock the way John does: not as a freak or a sociopath, but as someone fantastic.  He's difficult and an arse and he makes even John look emotionally mature, and John loves him like he's never loved anyone else.
"Mmm, perhaps," he said, his fingertips seeking out the sensitive places behind John's ears. "But not too tame, I hope."
"Why would that be obvious, Sherlock?" John froze, tea halfway to his mouth. "Oh no, hang on. You'd better not be about to suggest trick-or-treating for the case. I'm not canvassing a neighbourhood with you again. You know what happened last time."
He wants to feel John breathing against him for the rest of their days, the warmth of John's skin welling up under his fingertips like the radiant heat of yellow suns, stellar birth in the depths of John's eyes every morning, nebulae in the linings of his lungs, gravity wells in the palms of his hands: Sherlock's own little pocket universe, safe against the tidal forces of destruction, or so he'd like to believe.
Sherlock does, and suddenly there's so little distance between them that he only has to dip his head to touch his forehead to John's. Their noses brush. Sherlock tilts into John's orbit like a drunken planet.
Two evenings later, in a rare case of other people making themselves useful, Harry phones John, who is foolish enough to pick up out of guilt, even though their conversations never go well.  It devolves into a shouting match within ten minutes and leaves John pacing and fuming in the kitchen, looking ready to throw his mobile out the window.
John sighs in a rather insultingly put-upon manner, but drops the paper.  "You were fine when I checked you the other day.  Does something hurt?  Are you having trouble breathing?"
Sherlock's remaining bees work alongside him and keep busy, as bees do. He finds comfort in tending to them, and still more in tending to John. Sherlock smokes the hives and harvests the honey, thick and golden with promise, and feeds it to John, anoints him with it in bed. What they do there is much slower than in the days of their youth, not so much a combustion as a steady hearth fire, the warmth of home and love and John, summoning blood from the depths of him to burn his cheeks and heart and belly. Sherlock gently smoothes out every wrinkle like a sacred scroll, reverent in his worship, and kisses all of them, holy relics of the fact that John chose him, has stayed with him against all odds and, arguably, against common sense.
He watches John move about the flat and thinks about volumetric displacement, and wonders how it's possible for John's displacement to be so disproportionate to his size.
For the first time in his life, Sherlock prefers not to think too deeply about the circumstances behind a murder.
"I was cold," Sherlock protests, as pathetically as he can manage, and lifts a corner of his blanket cocoon.  "If we share body heat, we'll recover more quickly.  It's science, John."
“John, what I’m trying to say—what I wanted to say before I left—is that I … love you.  John Watson.  I love you.”
He tries not to wonder what dying will be like, but he has too much time on his hands, so he wonders anyway. Will it be long and painful and drawn-out? Or will he not even see it coming, with no time for even the most echoing and exiled of goodbyes? Sherlock has never believed in an afterlife, or in God for that matter, but for the first time, he can at least understand why people delude themselves.
Neither of them sleep much. All of the things left undone and words left unsaid ache like a palpated bruise, even after their hurried goodbyes in London. Lestrade and Molly had stayed at their posts, and Mrs Hudson had gone to her sister’s in Brighton. Harry was, as John bitterly put it, “dead to the world anyway” and in Manchester. Mary and the baby were gone, underground somewhere, and John claimed to be fine but clearly sometimes still missed her and the life he was never going to have.
Sherlock, on purpose, and leaves his journal sticking out just slightly from under his bed, like an invitation.  Just to see what happens.  His impulse control is only good compared to Sherlock's, and that's not saying much.
“Would you like to check, Sherlock?” John asks, softly, as if Sherlock were an animal in need of taming. “Make sure that I’m all in one piece, with my insides in order? I know you’ve wondered if I’m truly like everyone else. You could trace all my veins and synapses, try to figure out what made me this way. Would that help?”
He can't remember exactly when it started, which is frankly appalling. His memory is all but eidetic, but for a very long time, he didn't even realise it was happening. He remembers meeting John, of course, but even after that, when their lives clicked together like the tumblers of a lock, he had no inkling of what was coming. He just wanted
Well, technically it's a journal, consisting of things John doesn't want to put on the blog, for reasons he doesn't care to examine too closely just yet.  Things like the way Sherlock's clever fingers move when they're picking a lock, John keeping lookout with only half his attention, or the way veins stand out in Sherlock's sinewy forearms when he plays Sarasate at three in the morning in his pyjamas.  Or the way his throat goes on for miles, carved and cool as a Corinthian column, or how summer sunlight gets trapped in his hair like an insect in amber.  The way his voice curls like a contented cat around the syllables of John's name, or how Sherlock can smile at him using only his eyes, mischievous and knowing.
"Did you want to get started on that collaboration now?" he teases, grinning, and Sherlock's eyes and mouth go soft.
John has no illusions of grandeur about his writing, and he's no prose stylist, but he flatters himself that when he's really on, he at least communicates some of what it was like to be there.  He needs people to know how it feels to watch Sherlock's mind go off like a rocket, or to see him running through the gentrified wilds of Shoreditch, lovely and incongruous, silhouetted against the street art and far more beautiful than any of it, winded but still detouring on the way home to show John the sites of Jack the Ripper's murders.  It's almost blinding to look at him when he's like this, as joyful and delighted with himself as a little boy.
Sherlock, still sitting, looks up at John. He likes John like this, artificially tall from Sherlock’s perspective, towering over him even though he's short. It's a pleasing symmetry to the unsettling, sentimental truth that John towers over him in other, more important ways as well, blocking out almost everything else.
It's a level of closeness he never thought he'd achieve with anyone, but with John it feels as natural as — but much less boring than — breathing.
"Ah." Sherlock squinted slightly; the little patch of skin between his eyebrows wrinkled up. "Who are you meant to be?"
It's worse than the cocaine. Synthetic opiates are a pale shadow of it, can't hold a candle to the intensity of its nuclear immolation. All those years of wanton self-destruction, and in the end, it will be selflessness that kills him.
He wonders, occasionally, if he really did break something in the fall, and it has taken him all this time to notice.
Since things have been progressing so well, Sherlock allows what he deems a suitable adjustment period — surely another week of regular contact should be enough for even John's slower brain to acclimate — before he crawls into John's bed at three in the morning.  John's bed is an immediate improvement over his own, due to the presence of John in it.  He nuzzles into the John-scented pillow and resolves to buy John better sheets.  These can't have a thread count higher than three hundred, and he strongly suspects they're at least thirty percent polyester, for God's sake.  He shudders, and John freezes, coming instantly awake.
. In retrospect, Sherlock's defensive tactics against Mary's ex seem more sensible than ever, if a bit too late.
"Now, John," he said as John's giggles died down, "what shall we do about your costume?" Sherlock prowled in close to loom over him. "Those are some rather tight trousers. Will you need help getting them off?"
Sherlock shifts his bum experimentally.  "Ah.  Yes."  He fishes it out from where it's fallen between the cushions.  "I'll give it to you if you promise not to watch a Bond film.  Or anything that claims to be 'reality'.  And come
When he gets home from work and goes upstairs to drop off his bag, Sherlock is sitting on his bed, one step ahead of him like always.
He looks at the stars and thinks about decaying orbits and how, if John is a black hole, Sherlock passed his event horizon long ago.
He's even more dedicated to his writing now, now that he knows (or is reasonably sure) that Sherlock will read what he writes in the journal.  He agonises over every word, wants every clause to be as striking and affecting as he can make it.  He's not at all sure he succeeds, but at least Sherlock will see the effort.  He might even see what it means.  John's finally starting to.
"Um. Thank you?" John says, and leans back a bit to free himself from Sherlock's arms.  "Sorry.  I don't know why I keep trying with her sometimes.  She's too stubborn for her own good."
"Sorry," John murmurs, and squeezes the nape of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock's breath hitches as his perception narrows entirely to the points of contact between John's fingertips and his fevered skin. He looks up at John, which is dangerous, but he can't help it. John seems caught, and his pupils are dilated. He looks flushed, and though he's beginning to sweat too, Sherlock doesn't think it's just from the heat. His own pupils dilate even further as he takes all this in, wonders about electrolytes again, combines it with John's hand on the back of his neck and John's shallow breathing to come to an astounding conclusion.
“Right then, come on, Sherlock. Follow the sound of my voice.” John giggles, then, high and thin and reedy.
“You’re needed at home,” says Anthea, and lowers her hood.  Her mouth purses in a faint moue of distaste at the state of his person.
At the wedding, he’d learned how it felt to watch John leave him behind.  He knew they’d never go back to the way things had been, and he realised that that existence, with John, was actually all he wanted out of life, but his own actions had erased it forever.
They settle into the cottage, everything strange and new while the world falls apart outside. It’s not 221B, but it’s home now, because it's where John is. Sherlock finds beekeeping gear in a shed in the garden and repairs the hives, order in the midst of chaos. John watches from the house, convinced Sherlock is going to set off a swarm, but Sherlock knows how to placate the bees. His hands move over them like a conductor’s over his orchestra.
John’s eyes widen.  They are very dark and deep and boundless, like the North Sea at twilight.  Sherlock watches John’s quick breaths and the myriad emotions that flit across his wonderful, changeable face.  Time dilates, stretches and lengthens, because Sherlock’s heart is travelling at light speed and he cannot slow it down; it will either burst or implode waiting for John’s response, waiting for him to say—
—with his left and lifts them both to Sherlock’s chest, just over his heart. Sherlock takes a shuddering breath and makes a diagonal incision through his pectoral muscle. He peels back the flesh so that John can see inside, through the ribs, to Sherlock’s heart, which is still beating, off-rhythm and out of time. It hurts, but the look on John’s face, intent and greedy and fascinated, blots out the pain.
It's just another potentiality that will never occur, now. He'll never find out what John looks like in reading glasses, or whether he'll still be a crack shot at sixty-five.
Sherlock wakes, breathing hard, from a nightmare of the pool, and immediately wonders if he’s still dreaming. John is there, perched on the edge of his bed, but he looks … different. In the dim light from the street, Sherlock can see that John’s hair is stubbornly mussed, and the front of his jumper is torn and dirty. Sherlock reaches for him without thinking, tries to flatten his palms against John’s chest to search for a heartbeat.
Grateful, Sherlock nestles into the join between John's shoulder and neck and feathers a kiss there, moving up to bite gently at the line of his jaw and the salt-sweet taste of his skin, while the sky outside goes blue as crushed velvet. He wants to feel the honey-slow crawl of time when John looks at him, wants to be burnt black as censer ash by the immolating, summer-sultry heat of his mouth. He wants to hear John's murmuring voice resonate through Sherlock's cloistered empty spaces, to see John's body rising up to meet him as a supplicant, begging Sherlock to anchor him down to their bed. All the vaulted arches of him are beautiful, from his lowest ribs to the tips of his eyelashes. He's a cathedral, a Gothic masterpiece, with Sherlock's name consecrated on his tongue like the Host on an altar. Sherlock wants to light every one of his nerve endings like votive candles. He wants to run his fingers along every one of John's ribs like he's walking through pews. He longs for the praise that falls from John's lips more than any priestly blessing.
"No, I — just wanted to be sure," he says, and John looks at him a bit suspiciously.  "Better safe than sorry."
Sherlock groans at the pun, and then groans for a completely different reason when John ducks his head and does something very cunning to the edge of Sherlock’s collarbone.
When the air becomes a heavy molten heat against his face, he looks away from their hands and back to John and takes a shaky breath. John's eyes are smiling at him, even as the world goes white as starlight.
