They escape the brothel (and, fuck, that’s already hilarious.
“Ah,” Cas says. “Thank you.”
“I remember,” Dean bites out. “I was there.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says weakly, trying for a grin.
Then, without warning, Cas shrinks back, turning away from Dean and curling in on himself. His voice rips out from his chest, raw and horror-struck. The words don't make any sense. “What have you done to me-- Naomi--”
Dean regards him for a couple seconds. Then he shuts the laptop with one hand, stands up, walks over, and plants himself on the bed across from Cas.
Cas is predictable. “I’m fine.”
Cas takes yet another step forward, and this time he’s close enough to touch. He grabs Dean’s wrist and turns his hand over, palm up. “Let me.”
Afterwards, Dean impresses upon Cas the importance of concepts such as: “don’t kiss and tell,” and, “one night stand,” and also, “no homo.” They’re totally on the same page. This is a one-time deal. It will change nothing between them.
Dean thinks, to try and distract himself from how shitty he feels right now. “And now I’m powerless. I’m hapless, I’m hopeless-- I mean why the hell
kiss the demon Meg, as you saw."
“I like emojis.”
He casts his gaze at Dean then, raises his eyebrows. He looks exhausted and threadbare and suddenly, very sober. He looks like a man who knows he’s going to die in the morning, and is halfway relieved. “I miss him.”
It’s not like the sixth kiss, which was selfish and mournful.
Cas hands the bottle over cavalierly. “You want some?”
Cas nods again, more hesitantly this time.
“It’s the perfect antidote to that absinthe,” Cas quips, and it’s just not funny.
Cas gazes at him, undisguised gratitude practically shining through his pores, and Dean feels something thrashing around in his stomach, like a fish drowning on land.
“You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell--” Cas pauses, and a tear drops down his face. Dean is struck with the thought that he can’t remember ever seeing Cas cry before. More than a decade, and he’s never seen Cas cry.
is who you are,” Cas says.
Cas gives an almost imperceptible shake of his head. “I can’t let you take that, Dean.”
Dean swallows. Those aren’t words that Dean Winchester ever really says to people, not out loud. He didn’t grow up hearing them. They don’t trip easy off his tongue. They’re some of the biggest, scariest words Dean knows. But Cas… Cas deserves to hear them. Dean wraps a hand around the angel blade, taking it and carefully placing it onto the hood behind his back.
with me-- for the first time since you’ve been back-- and this is yours.” Dean indicates the rock with a jerk of his chin.
“And the limes?”
Dean’s jaw drops. “What?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas whispers, between kisses, “Dean, I’m sorry.”
Something cracks inside Dean. He's not-- he's not prepared. Cas can't just say he loves Dean. Cas can't just love him-- can't love him back. Not like this. Not when Cas is about to leave again. Not when he's about to die.
Cas shuts the journal. “So. What do you want me to do?” Looking for orders.
“You really think it’s wise to be drinking on the job?” Cas says skeptically.
Dean nods, holding himself stiff, and stares down at the sticky bartop. “E.T. goes home.” He knows Cas probably won’t get the reference, and that’s why he says it. He can’t just
“Hm?”
, and Cas
Dean nods curtly. They’ll fix this, he tells himself. He doesn’t know how, but they’ll fix it.
“Dean, she said that wound-- was killing her,” Cas says. Another bang. “Maybe we can wait her out.”
“I got the regular kind, since they didn’t have key limes.”
Cas starts laughing before Dean’s finished his sentence, brittle and staccato and just fucking
“--drained away.” Dean blinks. Everything about this is fucked up. “Now, you know,” Cas continues, “I’m practically human.” He taps his fingers on the steering wheel absentmindedly. “I mean, Dean, I’m all but useless. Last year, broke my foot--” he pauses, emphatically, “--laid up for
to forget it, because if he lets himself know that and believe it, then Dean will have to look deep inside himself and think about things he'd long ago stamped down and shoved away as
For a moment Dean is fiercely reminded of a Cas from many years ago, who slanted his eyes at Dean outside a motel and said
Dean wants to yell, to scream, to shove Cas and say
“I brought you back,” Dean blurts, still frozen in his position against the car. “I-- Jack told me how. Kind of. He’s basically the big cheese now. We-- we won. It’s-- a lot happened, and we’ll catch you up later, I swear, but we won, Cas.” Dean swallows. “So I brought you back,” he says again, somewhat lamely.
Cas grabs him by the jacket and tosses him like a ragdoll, and his fists slam into Dean’s face like cinderblocks. Dean tastes metal.
“Well, hey, you still got us.” Dean knows he and Sam don’t really count for much right now, and certainly not compared to an army of angels. He still tries for a smile anyway, aiming for reassuring but ending up somewhere around hollow.
Cas puts on his attentive face, so Dean continues, “Always open the door for her, okay? Ask a lot of questions. They like that.” Cas nods along. “And, uh… oh, if she says she’s happy to go Dutch-- she’s lying. Alright?”
Dean thinks.
It’s been years since Dean last felt Cas’ mouth on his. But hell if it ain’t just like riding a bike. Cas opens up at once, sighing into Dean’s mouth. He lays one hand on the curve of Dean’s shoulder, and the scar may be long gone but Dean still shivers at the warmth of Cas’ palm. In return, Dean slides his hand up Cas’ neck into his hair, and the sound that Cas makes then has Dean reconsidering his previous statement. It ain't just like riding a bike. It's like doing two hundred on a Kawasaki.
-- but Cas is too quick, practically teleporting right in front of him. Dean throws a punch on instinct, but Cas catches it in an iron grip. A sharp twist, and Dean’s wrist snaps, crackles, and pops, just like the cereal. He falls to his knees, overcome by a wave of bright-white pain and nausea. His hold loosens on the rock. Lightning flashes outside, scattering light around the crypt.
floating there between them. So Dean doesn’t regret it, not an inch.
, Dean bitches in the back of his mind while he’s having it out with Sam.
Cas takes one last step forward, and lays his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean tells them both.
Another blow, another spray of sparks.
Dean sighs. “Yes.”
“What?” Dean bites off, hoping he’d somehow heard it wrong.
That’s not good enough. “Why?” Dean presses.
“What are you, crazy?” Dean yells, as his body becomes forcibly acquainted with a brick wall.
Dean just looks at him, unimpressed. “What show
bang a few gongs before the lights go out?” Cas concludes, coming across more sardonic than anything.
man on Earth, you are the most selfless…
Dean replaces the sheet.
Dean closes his eyes briefly, heart hammering out of his goddamn chest like he’s sixteen goddamn years old, before looking Cas dead in the eye. His hand is still wrapped around Cas’ wrist. “Would you. Would you still want me? Because, Cas, you… you can have me.”
As Dean crashes their mouths together, crowding Cas up against the passenger side door, Cas brings up one hand to clutch at Dean's shoulder, and Dean swears,
“Cas,” Dean says, “Do I look like a Fun Wine person to you?”
“But, Cas…” Dean starts, shellshocked. “You’ll be-- human.”
“So this is it?” Dean says, and the corner of Cas’ mouth quirks up slightly.
And then, just as suddenly, it’s all gone. The crypt is dark and gloomy again, silent but for Dean’s labored breathing. Cas holds the tablet in his hands. Dean is still alive.
Dean is so surprised he gasps, actually gasps into Cas’ mouth, and his grip tightens into an iron manacle around Cas’ wrist. He falters with his other arm for a moment, unsure of what to do with it, before deciding to sling it around Cas’ back and pull him flush against Dean’s chest. Cas still has Dean’s face cupped in his hands, and he’s kissing him like he doesn’t need to breathe-- which, wait, he doesn’t. Dean, however, does, so, with no small amount of effort, he separates their mouths and tucks his forehead into the dip between Cas’ shoulder and neck, just inhaling and exhaling slowly. His guts are flip-flopping, his heart is pounding, but Dean thinks, feverishly, that it’s gonna work out. Cas is back and whatever’s happening, whatever’s going on with the tablet and the gates and Naomi, whoever that is, they’ll figure it out. They’ll figure it out together. Because this-- this means-- this has to mean that Cas is sticking around.
It’s not like the second kiss, which was an epitaph for someone else’s love.
So Dean smiles, grabs Cas by the lapels, and kisses him.
Cas helps him stumble through the door to the dungeon, and Dean falls against the shelves, desperately grasping at the skeletal metal frame to keep himself standing as he wheezes, unable to fill his lungs no matter how hard he tries. He feels Cas’ hand on his arm, his side, groping for the knife he knows Dean keeps in his pocket. Through the pain Dean tries to crane his neck around to see what Cas is doing; he catches a glimpse of the blade just as it slices wetly across Cas’ palm.
” Dean snaps, concern sublimating into anger. “Cas, you don’t have to die with the rest of them, with-- with him, the other me--”
the canon divergence line here is a little weird. sort of starts with “can’t say i can argue with that”-- however, some of the dialogue following is actually based upon an earlier draft of the end’s script. more on the info that i used as a frame to write this scene here:
“What?” Dean says, flabbergasted.
“And I never found an answer.” Cas is quiet for a beat, then goes on, slowly, “Because the
His brain and his heart, however, ignore him and keep on singing, the traitors.
Dean looks up sharply, despite his misery.
, heat of the moment-type kiss. You can't bust that out on the first date. You’ll scare her off."
And what happens then is… none of anyone’s business at all.
Cas’ hand slides home. His palm slots into place on the side of Dean’s cheek, not the center of his  forehead. And then, to Dean’s utter shock, he feels the old familiar freezing-hot fizz of grace leaching into his body, slipping beneath his skin and spreading out, knitting blood vessels, tendons, bones back together, encouraging little cells to divide ad infinitum. It's that minty-fresh just-brushed feeling, but everywhere. Less than a second, and only the memory of the pain persists.
For a second, Cas looks small, childlike, clasping Dad’s journal between his palms like a hymnal and gazing straight ahead at the opposite wall. “Dean, I…” He sighs, and sets the book down on the bed. He shifts to face Dean, hands braced on his knees. He looks Dean in the eye.
Cas is all lit up. He’s gripping the tablet in both hands, light radiating from it like a white-hot furnace, illuminating every crevice of the crypt, while a high-pitched ringing drives spikes into Dean’s skull. Cas’ eyes glow like twin stars, boring unrelentingly through Dean. The light builds and builds, until Dean has to shield his face for fear of going blind.
, and despite himself, even though he’s pissed, even though he’s scared, even though he’s bruised, he fists one hand in Cas’ coat and kisses him back with everything he’s got. Cas surges forward so that he’s almost straddling Dean, and their teeth knock together, and Dean doesn’t even
Very fucking wrong.
been watchin’?”
you.” Dean feels a twist in his stomach at the phrasing.
“I’m so sorry, Dean.”
. Cas breathes in calmly, like he’s standing in a field of wildflowers on a spring morning, like this isn’t a dungeon halfway to the center of the Earth that reeks of long-dried blood and ancient manila folders. “Happiness,” Cas starts, “isn’t in..the
And Cas looks at him and opens his mouth, but nothing comes out.
“What the fuck!?” Dean sputters, jerking back. “You’re
Revelling in the newfound horizontality, Dean brings a hand up to touch Cas’ jaw, gently tipping it upwards so he can kiss his way from Cas’ collarbone to his lower lip and back again, and back again, and back again. Cas, for his part, lets Dean do it to him, lies back as Dean tells him
“We never should’ve left Sam and Jack.” Dean’s voice is low. “We should be there with them now.” Bang. “Everybody’s gonna die, Cas. Everybody.” He straightens, but can’t meet Cas’ gaze. “I can’t stop it,” Dean says, quietly, almost in awe of the realization. This is it. He can’t fix this one. It’s the end.
” Cas interrupts, sharp and loud and… upset. “I said no.”
like death, it
, or at least, the screwed up, freewheeling, hippie-ass, stupidly tragic version of Cas he meets in Zachariah’s messed up 2014. So maybe it’s Zachariah’s fault, technically. Dick.
Dean thinks, agitated.
Jack is hands-off now, of course. Says Cas made the choice to summon the Empty of his own free will and Jack can't mess with that.
Dean breaks the kiss and for an infinitely long moment he’s just hanging in the air, their mouths centimeters apart, and Dean has two choices now, he could pull back and let Cas go, or he could lean forward and press himself against Cas’ lips again and see if Cas opens up for him and damn the consequences, damn Heaven and all its assholes, damn the cupid, damn responsibility, damn every other time he tore himself away from Cas’ mouth, damn Dean (for the second time), and damn anyone watching him.
to be fine.
“No,” Cas says abruptly. Dean watches Cas’ throat ripple as he swallows, once.
Incensed, Dean bites back, “Well, fuck you too, Cas.”
Cas opens his eyes, and stares the road down like the barrel of a gun. “Something else.”
“You know, why don’t, uh-- why don’t Sam and I take it over to him, and you can get back to your mission?” Dean suggests. He takes a step backwards. Cas takes a step forward. Dean lets an edge creep into his voice. ”Finding the other half of the demon tablet, that is… priority, isn’t it?”
Cas’ reply is grim. “Both.”
Dean frowns. “How you feelin’, Cas?”
... are better than him.”
Sam’s chattering away about the robberies and, dear God, Dean has never cared less about a case before in his life, but apparently Sam is too busy dumping files onto the shitty little motel table to notice anything out of the ordinary. Thankfully, Cas' impromptu-makeout-sesh rumpledness isn't that much different from his normal rumpledness.
“Dean,” Cas says, eyebrows slowly drawing together, “You didn’t need to. I did this to keep you safe, I-- I was at peace with my decision.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say, so he says, “Wow.”
He carefully slides the knot of the tie back up into place, and as his hand meets the base of Cas’ throat, Dean’s eyes flick up to Cas’ face of their own accord, and he just feels so drunk on the craziness of that evening-- they're going to
, and because that’s all I know how to do.” The words rip out, unbidden, and when they’ve left, Dean almost doubles over with the sick feeling that comes of admitting a shameful truth, bracing his hands on the back of the chair to keep himself from curling up on the ground and dying there.
“You what?” Dean asks, voice coming out smaller than he intends.
Bang. The both of them watch the door, the sigil pulsing with each beat. Bang.
In one swift, smooth motion, Cas pulls Dean close and kisses him, firmly and reverently. Dean feels the wetness of Cas' tears against his cheeks, anointing him. He can't breathe. He's outside of his own body, paralyzed and glued to the spot. It can't be happening like this. It's not enough. He's not ready. It isn't
“It’s got emojis on it,” Dean says, pained.
“--Look, until I jam that blade through that douchebag’s heart-- we are not a team. This is a dictatorship,” Dean grits out, feeling his father’s ghost rise up inside his chest. He holds tight to his anger, uses it to prop himself up in the face of Sam’s wrath, lets it unfurl throughout his whole body and stiffen his spine.
Cas simply gawks at him with what Dean has come to mentally label, "Cas' What-The-Fuck-Are-You-Humans-Talking-About Face.”
“Let it go, Cas,” Dean says gently, firmly. “Heaven ain’t worth killing yourself over.”
Are you
Dean can’t help but think that it sounds like Cas is trying to convince himself.
It’s not like the tenth kiss, which was a goodbye.
“Talk to me.”
, and Dean thinks that maybe he could stay like this for the rest of his life and die a very happy man.
“Yeah,” Cas says, almost a whisper. “Every word.”
Cas nods approvingly and waits for Dean to unlock the car.
He half expects to crumble into dust, to drop dead on the spot, to want to take it back. The words have been knocking around inside his chest for so long, like a second heartbeat, Dean had no idea what it could possibly feel like if they ever got out. And he is nervous, and he is sweaty, and he is scared. But he also feels relieved. Because the words sound
“I never 'freak out,'” Cas says warily, which is a total lie, but whatever. Good enough.
than this.”
He walks around the table, watching the shape beneath the sheet, half waiting for a twitch, for a breath, for Cas to sit up and squint and say, “That was incredibly unpleasant,” and Dean could laugh and pull him into his arms and say, “I told you never to do that again, you asshole,” and Cas could say “I’m sorry, Dean,” and Dean could shake his head and say “Let’s just get you off this table, huh?”
“So you should always pay for her,” Dean continues, just to make it abundantly clear.
Dean chews it over for a bit, before deciding to jump on in. “Don’t get me wrong, Cas, I, uh… I’m happy that the... stick is out of your ass, but… what’s going on--” he stutters for a second, but plows resolutely onwards “--what’s with the drugs, and the orgies, and the love guru crap?”
The sixth time is… yeah. That one’s on Dean.
canon-typical violence <3 <3
Dean screws his courage to the sticking place. “Well, I wasn’t.” Cas looks at him. Dean clears his throat, a little desperately, before he continues, “I wasn’t. Okay with it. You being gone.”
And Dean goes, "Like that, you know?"
Then he hears Cas’ voice: “Wait, there is--”
“You want it?” Dean spits. “Take it.”
“Cut out my grace,” Cas says.
else, Dean would have marched over there and snatched it out of their hands. The intel on monsters, fine, but there’s-- well, there’s
. It’s in just
Cas rolls his eyes, like Dean is acting unreasonable here. “You said it yourself. I’m driving to my death. And, hey, call it selfish, call it sentimental-- I wanted one last goodbye kiss.” He pauses, tilting his head like the thought is a ball bearing rolling around inside his skull, and he's trying to coax it into the hundred-point divot. “How
Dean thinks maybe he can risk this.
“Dean,” Cas interrupts. “I got everything on the list.” And with that, he hefts the bag down into the footwell, between his knees.
“Do it,” Dean rasps. He raises his voice, forcing the words through his battered windpipe. “Just do it!”
Dean drives for a long time, tapping his fingers on the steering wheel with equal parts anticipation and anxiousness. There’s a lot that can go wrong here. The spell could be a dud. Or someone else, like Lucifer or the Empty itself, could hitch a ride to Earth. Or-- and this option is the most terrifying to Dean-- Cas may not want to come back. Cas might hate Dean for doing this.
Dean, discomfited by the earnest worry in Cas’ face, has to look away briefly. “Cas, you just gave an entire army up for one guy.” Dean closes his eyes for just a moment to gather his strength, and looks back at Cas. “No. There’s no way that you blew those people away.”
“You did a lot of damage up there, man,” Dean ventures. He knows he probably can't appeal to Cas’ sense of preservation--
Because the light is low and the bar is almost empty and it’s his last chance, his
Cas seems to turn this over in his mind. “Does that make you the dorky kid?” he asks.
But then Dean hears Sam’s key rattling in the lock and in three seconds flat he’s leapt up and just about vaulted across the room to what he thinks is probably a respectable, heterosexual distance from the bed, Cas’ spit still drying on his lips.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
And Dean says, "Yeah. Alright! Go get ‘em, tiger!" and slaps Cas on the shoulder.
hilarious too.
"Cas, I--" The next few words stick in his throat, so he seals his mouth to Cas' and hopes it gets the message across.
Cas kisses Dean on the mouth, the cheek, the jaw, the forehead, over and over, as if he’s blessing him, and, fuck, Dean feels
“Did it work?” Cas asks, definitely wigging out.
Instead, Dean just stares at him, frozen. Cas has a strange expression on his face.
“We always have been.” Dean quirks his lips into a lopsided smile, tired.
Right when Cas starts to move in response, to kiss Dean back, Dean shifts his hand from Cas’ face to his shoulder. He sits back in his seat, breaking the kiss.
Cas explains, “It blocked her grip on you.” He’s breathing pretty hard himself.
Dean kisses him.
Cas looks up, but not at Dean, instead gazing at the space on the wall above the shitty motel TV like he’s cataloguing every single ding in the paint.
“And she’s gonna kill you. And then she’s gonna kill me.” Dean spits that final word out; it leaves a sour taste in his mouth.
Dean’s kissed Cas before, more times than he’d prefer to admit to himself. He remembers burning hands and glowing eyes and sparks and static; he remembers feeling consumed, like Cas could shed his skin at any moment and engulf Dean in a ball of lightning. So, in those especially small and especially secret moments of his, he’d figured that probably kissing human Cas would be less overwhelming than kissing angel Cas.
that even through three layers of fabric he feels the scar twitch and burn in a way it hadn't done before, not with Anna, not at all, and in response Dean's entire nervous system sings like the backing chorus of a Queen track. Galileo,
“Cas,” Dean repeats, gripping the arm of the chair so hard he half expects it to splinter beneath his hand. “Stop talking.”
“See you soon,” Cas echoes.
Dean's always getting left behind, because he’s never in his life had the guts to say
Dean thinks.
“The alien can’t survive on Earth. So his people come back to get him. And the kid never sees him again.” Dean tenses his fingers around the bottle. “But the kid never forgets him, either.” He lifts his eyes to find Cas watching him, forehead creased and lips parted ever so slightly, and Dean's chest just seizes up.
“Alright, you got your list?” Dean asks, and Cas gives him a look.
thing. I..
Cas steps out of the grass and onto the shoulder. “Dean… What--”
Dean thinks this rejection might actually be fatal, so it’s great when Cas shakes his angel blade out of his sleeve. Thank God. Put Dean out of his misery. But then, Cas holds it out to Dean, hilt first.
“I can have you,” Cas repeats, raspy, hesitant, faraway.
The front room is beige and dusty and it
“What’s so funny?” Cas asks, sounding utterly confused, and, fuck,
Cas' face is inches away, his entire body pressed up against Dean’s, pinning him helpless to the wall. Dean sucks in a breath and smells ozone saturating the air, feels the hairs on his arms raise up as honest-to-God no-bullshit not-a-goddamn-metaphor static electricity races across his skin. He cannot move an inch. Dean’s always known that Cas was lightning in a bottle. Now, stupidly, Dean's gone and uncorked him, and not in the sexy way. He’s beginning to realize that Cas could very well fucking kill him here in this alleyway, and Dean can’t lift a goddamn finger. He's never seen Cas like this. Not ever.
, why is he smiling, what is he
“You see yourself the same way our enemies see you: you’re destructive, and you’re angry, and you’re broken, you’re-- you’re ‘Daddy’s blunt instrument,’” Cas says, and doesn’t that feel like a punch to the gut-- Cas remembers that? Cas remembers Dean telling him that, long after midnight in a motel room years and years ago, remembers Dean drunk, near tears telling Cas about making the deal for Sammy, about counting down that year, about how scared he was to go to Hell and how glad he is that Cas found him-- Cas has remembered that this whole time?
“Can’t say I can argue with that,” Dean says hollowly, squinting out the window. He shifts in his seat, turning around to face Cas again. “But really? This is how you’re gonna go out? Cas, you didn’t have to do this. To come with us.”
Dean is already in a bad mood, and he’s not feeling patient. “No, you’re not,” he hits back. “How long you got?”
Dean’s throat convulses desperately for a few seconds. “Yes.”
“I hope that this,” Dean sneers, gesturing angrily towards Cas. “isn’t
The ninth time, it’s Dean’s fault. It’s all Dean’s fault.
Standing a couple yards away, knee deep in the unmown grass off the side of the road, Cas holds his arms out in front of himself, twisting them from side to side and stretching his fingers, like he can’t believe he has a body again. Dean stands quietly, awkwardly, leaning back against the hood of his car with his arms braced behind him, definitely not trembling, not even a little bit. Cas is just-- there. Looking exactly the same as when he went. Trenchcoat and all. (Dean had packed a spare set of clothes in the backseat, just in case Cas showed up in his birthday suit. Honestly, he’s fucking relieved he won’t need them. He’s not sure he could handle that on top of everything else.) Cas drops his arms to his side and cranes his neck up at the sky, eyes closed. Dean watches him, heart racing like a rabbit’s.
. This Cas should never have existed in the first place. Dean can barely stand to look at him, but he also can’t get him out of his head.
And Dean thinks,
a numb, faraway part of Dean’s brain howls hysterically,
“Yeah, I went mortal,” Cas says, with an airy sort of vindictiveness.
...” Cas trails off, shakes his head. “It’s something I know I can’t have.”
Dean’s never going to see Cas again. But he’s never gonna forget him, either. And at least he’ll have this to remember.
“Thanks,” Cas says, condescending, “Except, I used to belong to a much better club.”
, it can’t, it’s too soon, Dean hasn’t even-- he just-- he needs time to think he needs--
“It was Chuck. All along,” Dean says helplessly, looking up at the sound of Cas’ footsteps.
Cas spares Dean a single glance before returning to the journal. “I’m fine,” he says again, and fuck if after so many years on the road Dean doesn’t know an off-ramp when he sees one. Dean keeps right on driving.
Dean blinks hard, cold dread coiling in his stomach and crawling up his throat, wrapping around his tongue. “Why are you telling me this now,” he forces out.
“Yes.”
. Then he drops his head and continues his work.
“I know,” Cas says, a whisper.
and anger, that’s-- that’s what drives you, that’s who you are.” Cas shakes his head, still with that inexplicable little smile. “It’s
Bang.
-- but he has to give it a shot. “You think they’re just gonna let that slide?”
He leans forward, and Dean's mind whites out so that it isn't until he feels Cas' nose brush against his, feels Cas' breath puff against his lips, that he's able to wrest control of his body back and jerk away, just in time.
“There’s one thing she’s afraid of,” Cas goes on, sounding like he can barely believe it himself, “there’s-- there’s one thing. Strong enough to stop her.” He looks right at Dean, and his eyes are wide.
Dean doesn’t count when it happens anymore. He lost track a long time ago.
He shuts his eyes. He doesn’t want to watch Cas kill him.
,” Cas protests.
Dean curls his fingers around the edge of the sheet, flicks it back in one motion. He’s left Cas in his coat. Since, this time, Dean has a body to burn, he can’t imagine sending Cas off in anything else. Dean allows himself one last look at Cas’ face. He can’t handle it for more than a second.
Abruptly, Cas wrenches his hand free and steps back. Dean’s stomach drops into his ankles.
Dean ignores the obvious provocation, and squints at the label in the darkness. “Amphetamines?”
He doesn’t have to wait very long. There’s a crack like lightning, and then there’s Cas.
Then, before Dean has time to register what's happening, Cas has leaned over, caught Dean's chin in his hand, and pressed their mouths together. The kiss is quick, and chaste, and utterly overwhelming, and Dean is so blindsided he almost forgets that they're in a goddamn moving vehicle.
Cas laughs and shakes his head, flexing his hands a little on the steering wheel. “Oh, man. You don’t get it? Really?”
“What are you--”
“And everyone who knows you
, not that Cas is a messy kisser or that Dean is covered in blood or that Cas is a dude or that they’re still mad at each other or that the Apocalypse is friggin’ nigh.
Cas just stares at him levelly, like Dean is a mildly interesting bug, or a ballistics target he’s drawn a bead on, and for once he actually looks like the old Cas, the real Cas, Dean's Cas. “So do I,” he replies. “Just like I hope
There’s a flash of metal, a quiet rasp. The angel blade is gripped tightly in Cas’ hand.
“Cas,” Dean warns, because he's suddenly terrified he knows where this is going, and he can’t, he just can’t. “Cas, I think you should maybe think about what you’re--”
“I’ll need a place to stay,” Cas says. "I’ll need food. I’ll need clothes. I’ll need all-- all sorts of things.”
Cas’ eyes flick up from their hands to Dean’s face. Dean swallows dryly. “Cas,” he repeats. “That stuff you said…” Something wobbles in Cas’ gaze. Apprehension? Dean pushes through. “You meant it, yeah?”
. And
“We’ll lose,” Dean says hoarsely. He brushes his fingers across the back of the chair in the middle of the room, before dropping his arms down at his sides. “I just led us into another trap.”
That one ain’t on him. That one is on
Cas furrows his brow. “Am I the alien?”
Cas breathes in and out once, and then abruptly leans forwards, across the table. “Dean,” he says, quietly urgent, flicking his eyes up to meet Dean’s. “Those bombers-- you don’t really think that I--”
“Does it bother you that much?” Cas asks mildly.
Later, when Dean wakes up, handcuffed to a cot in Bobby’s panic room, he decides that the kiss was just a really weird dream, brought on by a head injury combined with Cas' magic mindfuckery. Cas seems to have reached a similar conclusion. They do not talk about the alleyway ever again.
If, after tying the final knot, Dean presses his lips ever so gently to Cas’ cold forehead through the sheet, no one ever has to know.
The tenth time is the worst. And that really is saying something.
“And you?” Dean asks, not sure why he feels moved to do so. “What should you have become?”
Cas looks terrified, but his hand presenting the blade is perfectly steady. “If I’m not an angel, the Empty has no claim over me.”
Cas,” Cas corrects.
"You know what? Forget it," Dean breathes.
What Dean thinks is:
Cas goes on, his voice tender in a way Dean simply didn’t know was possible for him. “Because you cared, I cared. I cared about-- you.” He holds Dean’s gaze for just a second, before smiling at the floor. “I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack.” Cas’ breath seems to hitch in his throat. “I cared about the
Dean looks down at his hands, cradling the bottle between his fingertips. “I guess.”
I did that. And why I would only ever do something like that. For
The drugstore is a further walk from the car than the grocery store is, so when Dean gets back, Cas is already waiting there, leaned up against the passenger side door, dark hair peeking over the roof of the car.
“I gave
Dean rolls his eyes, and turns the key in the ignition. Dean’s baby cooperates with a throaty purr, classy and badass as ever whether she’s tearing down the highway or crawling through the grocery store parking lot, and Dean’s just thrown an arm over the back of the seat to watch behind him as he backs out, when he sees it peeking out of the brown paper bag. He shifts the car back into park.
Dean stares at him for a few seconds and tries to mask his surprise, because it's like he keeps forgetting that yes, Cas
. If he phrased all those wants as orders, would Cas listen? Would Cas stay if Dean told him to? Would Cas be happy if Dean commanded it? What about if Dean just asked for it?
“Uh,” Cas thinks out loud, squinting. “For now? Yes.”
Cas twists his head around, and Dean catches a glimpse of his face in the uneven light-- stricken and wild-eyed as he pants-- before Cas’ arm strikes out, backhanding Dean so hard he flies into the wall. Dean scrambles to his feet almost immediately, snatching the rock from where he dropped it--
And then Cas is gone.
it.” He sounds awestruck. Dean doesn’t know what’s going
canon-typical violence <3
“I love you.”
Dean starts, not from the noise, but because he realizes Cas’ expression has changed. Cas is-- now Cas is
Dean continues: “But you’re gonna have to kill me first.” Dean’s left eye is swelling up, so while he’s still capable, he strikes out with the most venomous glare in his quiver. “Come on, you coward. Do it.” Cas doesn’t move. “Do it!” Dean bellows.
Dean jerks back. "Did you just shock me?" he asks incredulously, lifting a hand to his mouth. "With your
Dean takes his right hand off the wheel and crosses it over his chest to squeeze his left shoulder, not tight enough to hurt. Just tight enough to ground him.
Dean looks away, out the passenger side window. “Well, welcome to the club,” he says, voice low.
“Listen to me.”
“Right.” There’s an uneasy pause. “Of course, I’ll take it to him right away.” Cas inclines his head. “No time to waste.”
For a few moments Cas is stiff as a corpse and his lips are sealed shut and Dean is just about ready to go,
It’s not like the third kiss, which was angry.
Dean meets his gaze. “You’re driving to your death, man. And you know it.”
the bad, you have done for
“I know,” Cas says. His eyes are wide and his jaw is set. “I’ll need help. Adjusting to humanity again.” He levels Dean with a look then, and Dean gets it, suddenly, like a baseball bat to the back of the skull. “Will you help me this time?”
“Because it is.”
thousands of my own kind, and I, I,” he stumbles over his words, glancing down and away before returning his eyes to Dean’s, “I can’t go back.”
. If Dean had been faster. If Dean hadn’t let him go. If Dean had been a better friend. If Dean had been a better man. He couldn’t save Cas. He failed. He failed Cas
It’s not like the fourth kiss, which was awesome, until it wasn’t.
Cas slowly turns his eyes-- flinty, cold, blank-- back onto Dean.
WE'VE GONE OFF THE RAILS! FULL-BLOWN CANON DIVERGENCE FROM THIS POINT FORWARD!
“How does the movie end?”
Dean picks his head up, parts his lips. Gives in. “It’s from a movie,” he says quietly. “About an alien who crash-lands in California and makes friends with this dorky kid. And the alien learns about life on Earth. And he and the kid have this freaky special mind connection. And he can heal people. Sometimes he glows.”
, he failed Cas
Dean feels his pulse beat one, two, three times. He looks down at the rock. He looks up at Cas’ shuttered eyes. Dean takes a step closer, reflexively squaring up like he’s ready for a fight. His blood roars in his ears. “How did you get out of Purgatory, Cas?”
But it turns out that sorry don’t mean much, because, just like always, Cas still ends up leaving.
Bang.
Dean doesn’t like to think about the fifth time. He was a fucking idiot for believing it could ever end up any different. And Cas is a fucking asshole for-- all the rest.
“Cas, fight this, this is not you!” Dean shouts, trying to choke down his rising panic. “Fight it!”
his heart harmonizes.
“And the--”
“--Knowing you has changed me.” Cas almost laughs after that, a shallow, shuddering sound. That smile, that fucking smile, remains, and the sincerity of it pierces Dean, like a sword through a dragon.
He shrugs. “But instead, we become this. The only thing I think we have left, Dean and me, is each other.” He looks over at Dean, and for once there’s no sarcasm, no bitterness, no shallow smirk. “If Dean says it’s time to go out in a blaze of glory, win or lose, so be it. I’m in,” Cas says simply. “But then…” He smiles easily at Dean. “That’s just how I roll.”
Dean gives in, shakes his head. “The things I do for you.”
“Yeah,” Cas agrees.
Cas stares, lips parted, and nods, solemnly, once. So Dean hauls him right back in again.
It’s not like the fifth kiss, which was a penitent gesture, almost immediately betrayed.
Cas starts to reply, no doubt to say something miserable and self-deprecating and stupid.
Cas reaches out one arm, open palm, and Dean thinks of every single smiting he’s ever witnessed.
-- I think I
Cas sighs, deep and exhausted, like he’s expelling every single breath he’s ever taken from his body. Then he kisses Dean.
tomorrow, Jesus Christ, they'll get vaporized for
-- he's had so much fun tonight-- it’s been years-- and then Dean just says, quiet, matter-of-fact, "Hey," and tugs on Cas’ tie and leans a little closer and kisses him.
Cas steps in, so that distance between them is the sum and total length of the angel blade, pommel to Dean’s heart and point to Cas’. “Dean,” Cas presses, firm, though his nervousness is belied by the anxiety held between his eyebrows, “Do you love me?”
It’s not like the ninth kiss, which was a gift given too late.
“It always has one motherfucker of a downside,” Dean finishes.
And then he drives away.
And then they both seem to come to their senses, jerking apart at the same moment. For a few seconds, they just sit on the ground, glaring at each other, chests heaving. The scents of ozone and blood, like bleach and rust respectively, fight to take up primary residence in Dean's nostrils. “Cas--” Dean starts, and Cas growls, “Shut up, Dean.”
Finally, Cas looks over, and meets Dean’s gaze. Dean is tense, half expecting to see anger or fear, to get chewed out or punched. But Cas just looks… confused. He tilts his head to the side, and Dean thinks, with his chest so tight it hurts,
Cas looks very offended, and goes, "Yes. I
Cas follows Dean’s line of sight to the offending object and says, “Oh.” He reaches down, pulls a bright pink bottle out of the bag and presents it to Dean. “It’s called Fun Wine.”
Dean finds himself trying to crawl into Cas' lap, but Cas just sort of sinks down backwards so that Dean ends up propped up diagonally over him. Which is fine. Cas' coat ripples beneath him like silty river water and he stares up at Dean with those pale blue eyes and when Dean presses a hand to Cas' waist the bulb of the lamp on the nightstand starts to buzz like a cicada.
"You ferry souls to hell, heaven, probably to purgatory, too. Can't you just tuck the leviathans into your saddlebags and ride off with them?"
Dean is despondent, and angry, and flippant and determined, and always, always thinking of Castiel until one thousand eight hundred forty days after Castiel returned to the Empty, Dean Winchester’s soul enters Heaven. It is too soon, but Castiel does not interfere.
Death shook his head. "I told you already, Dean. One to a customer. This wall is for you. I can take away your memories of hell. No more nightmares, no more shameful cravings." Dean didn't bother to ask how Death knew.
The seventh day after Castiel returns to the Empty, Chuck comes for Lucifer. He puts the Shadow and everyone else to sleep until there is nothing but quiet again.
"Dude. Not funny." Sam sighed and gave up. He held his arms out, gesturing at himself. "I'm all ready to go. I'm not the one who just woke up." He looked at Dean. "You should probably change your clothes, brush your teeth."
"The leviathan are still here, Dean. Still cutting a swath through this little dirt ball."
"If you're here to ask for another miracle eclipse, I'm afraid I'm fresh out. This universe has rules, Dean. Tamper with them once, and let's just say, there's a lot of paperwork involved. Tamper with them twice, and you might as well let the leviathans eat the hash that you've made of the planet."
"Shut up, Cas." Dean dumped the eggs on a plate and began eating them as he walked. "You ever given a Pierce Arrow a tune-up, Cas?"
After it was over, Dean washed up, thinking about what the demon had said. What could that sick bastard want with Cas's body? It took him a moment to realize Sam still hadn't moved. Hadn't even spoken. "Sam," Dean began. "About what he said in there—" Sam shook his head; Dean stopped talking.
"You'll fix Sam?"
"Not a hallucination," Dean said softly. "You're really smelling it."
"That doesn't mean you can't—"
Castiel checks, but Dean has no signs of a concussion or other injury that would signal he'd been unconscious. He thinks he should heal him just to be sure, but doubtless Dean doesn't want to be touched by him unless it's absolutely necessary.  "I was summoned here," he says instead, choosing to answer the question Dean asked aloud, even though it should be obvious. Dean snaps to attention at that and abandons his struggles with the rope in surprise.  How could Dean not notice a summoning happening?
He raised his voice as he walked into the bathroom, leaving Sam a towel and the clothes. "Well, Dick isn't too happy either."
At least they're all together for now, Dean thinks, all safe. Though he knows, always, someday there will be a job, and Sam will be gone down the road, following some as yet unknown threat. Maybe Cas will go with him. The two of them get along like a house on fire these days.
"Later," Cas said. "We've got to get out of here." Castiel put his hands on Dean and tugged. Dean didn't know what internal map Cas was following, but Dean knew he had to get back to this body.
Now he wants to talk. Castiel knows he has no right to be bitter. Dean has very good reasons for being angry with him, but he's doing all he can to make things right, and in the meantime he's stuck traveling with a demon he doesn't trust on the mere hope that she'll be a good ally against the Leviathan if he helps her with Crowley. "Heaven hates me," Castiel says, wondering if this is just a very long, very trying test of his father's. He'd shifted Sam's hallucinations, because it was the right thing to do, not because he wanted Dean to like him again, but he feels a pang, knowing that Dean has a fresh reason to be upset with him. "What did you need from me, Dean?" he asks, trying to refocus the conversation. "I'm looking for a way to stop the Leviathan, and I can't, I can't do anything about the other."
Balthazar stops cold, eyes widening as he grins, “So you did try to hit that.”
“You love me for it,” Cas whispers against his lips.
Sam runs a hand through his hair, shifting uncomfortably, "It's Ruby."
Sam and Dean both turned towards the voice, “You, with the long hair,” said a short greying man who looked like he was in charge.  Sam raised his eyebrows and pointed a finger at his chest.  “Yeah, you.  Come here, we need you.”
Castiel swallowed down the anxiety blocking his throat. “Dean, I don’t think this is a good idea. I don’t know if I want to see it again.”
Mellow is the man, who knows what he’s been missing
"Uh… yeah," Dean manages while thinking that, yes, the right person may come along as a surprising twist in life but he sure as hell isn't standing next to his 'right person.' He can do this, though. He can fake his way thought this dumb dog and pony show and get the stupid reporters off of the trail of him and Castiel.
“Well that… that makes sense, actually.”
But her face is what caught Dean's breath. They had managed to find an actress who had Cas' features but on a softer, feminine face. She had those same soft pink lips and an unruly mass of dark curls tumbled over her shoulders, framing her high cheeks. But her eyes! She had Cas' kind, inquisitive blue eyes that held him transfixed. "Holy shit," he breathed out before he could catch himself.
“Hey, I just don’t trust anything supernatural.  As a professional paranormal investigator you have to be on your guard at all times.”  Ed adjusted his glasses and gave Castiel another stink eye.  After an uncomfortable pause, “So, angels are real, then?  Like wings and feathers and floating on clouds angels?”
“Woah, woah, I got’cha. Take it easy,” Dean says as he tucks himself under Cas’ arm and places a hand against his chest to take as much of the angel’s weight as he can.
What Cas didn’t know was that Dean had sent his own silent prayer to the man he had never met. Hey, Balthazar, just wanted to say awesome taste in cars… and men. Don’t worry, I took good care of your roadster, she looks like new. And I’m gonna take care of Cas, too, ‘cause I’m pretty fucking crazy about that guy so you can, I guess, rest in peace knowing that he’s with someone who really cares about him now. Uh, Dean Winchester out?
And so life goes on as it does, full of celebrations and tears, births and deaths, hunts and holidays, victories and losses. Dean and Cas still fight, bickering over things big and small. Cas will always be too stubborn and Dean too controlling. And when things get bad, Dean fumes as Cas takes off on Dorothy’s bike to get away from it all. But he learns that Cas will always return to him and they get better and making up, at talking, and at listening as the years roll by.
He looked up and Dean was caught by the sight of Cas’ big blue eyes looking up at him with so much love. He was rapt by the sight of his cock sliding through those perfect wet pink lips and the feeling of Cas’ hot tongue swirling and licking and driving him wild. Cas worked his own pants open to free himself, and used his hand to provide some relief from the building pressure.
Castiel nods and turns to skate towards his coach and Dean beats it off the ice as quickly as he can (and still look casual).  He grabs his gloves and helmet off the bench and heads back down the tunnel towards the locker room, thinking about Castiel the whole time.  “Fuck,” he mumbles to himself.  He’s got to get the handsome skater out of his head.  In a few hours, he plays his first Olympic game and Bobby is right.  The last thing he needs is to be distracted.
Dean experiences a brief rush of jealousy at the mention of Hannah but that is overpowered by a stir of want at Cas’ mention of physical pleasures.
“Yeah, I guess I see what you mean.” Dean told Melody sheepishly.
“No, please, just a minute, Castiel.” Sam grabbed Castiel’s arm to stop him and out of the corner of his eye caught Dean flinch at Cas being grabbed. That had to be a good sign, right? He turned back to his brother, “Dean, all Cas was asking was to be acknowledged. That isn’t too much to ask. You told Bobby about your relationship so what’s the problem?”
“Oh, really,” Bobby said, sorting loudly through a drawer now. “You just walked right out of hell? Sounds right.”
“Such the optimist, Cas,” Dean said. “There must be some kind of hope, right? Or else why bother to tell us?”
“Throwing your own kind under the bus there, Cas?” Dean said with a low whistle.
I just want what’s best for the world, and luckily, what’s best for the world is what’s best for Dean, too. Who wants an absent God, anyways? Let
I APOLOGIZE. MY BROTHER DOES NOT AGREE WITH MY DECISION TO LET YOU COME TO ME VOLUNTARILY. HE TIRES OF WAR, I BELIEVE.
“Let’s go, Cas,” Dean yelled. He could barely make his voice heard over the thunderous rain. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw the far edge of the ring of holy fire binding Gabriel begin to go out. He turned to run, and luckily Cas finally snapped out of his furious state enough to take his hand and fly them out to where they’d parked the impala. Frantically, Dean turned the key and got the engine started, peeling out of the soaking-wet patch of dirt they’d parked on. He didn’t properly exhale until they’d made it to the open road, surrounded by other cars and blue skies again.
Things seemed normal the next morning, and all the mornings after that, so Cas assumed that his half-baked confession at the bar had been forgotten, whether unintentionally or as a merciful favor. But it only took him a few days to regret that he hadn't just gone all the way with it.
been getting stronger,” Sam said to Ruby. “And you’re always telling me I need to practice.”
HOLY SHIT if you are still here wanting to read this after I fully planned to finish this in January and took all the way until March.... just know that I FUCKING LOVE YOU and thanks for hanging in there
“Sounds rough,” Dean said. “You called Bobby yet?”
“Ooh, yes, I have some too,” Charlie said, running after them.
The future was looking better already.
“That’s their plan A, as you called it,” Cas said. “Heaven has a Lucifer equivalent -- the archangel Michael. He is the hammer of heaven. They intend to use him against Lucifer, and squash his forces, and they do not care about the cost to the lives on earth. It’s like the Samhain problem, but multiplied a millionfold.”
“Castiel,” Dean corrected.
Cas…?
“I’m here with an offer,” it said. “I want you to stop lifting the blade to the souls here, and instead join me in fighting my way out of perdition.”
, plunging him into total darkness.
Dean shook his head at Cas, but the angel appeared resolute. Dean was pretty sure he knew what Cas was planning to do, and it was arguably the worst plan of all.
It was quiet for a moment as they all contemplated.
“Who’s giving you orders not to hurt Sam?” Dean said.
“Anal sex,” Dean said, a little embarrassed to have to explain it.
“Oh wow, the garlands look great guys!” Charlie said, cheerily coming over to where Cas was assessing their progress. “Sam will be happy.”
“Good,” Cas growled. “Then call me distracted as well.”
“Do Bobby’s first,” Dean said. “He’ll care the least if the wrapping is fucked up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“An angel?” Bobby said quietly.
Dean was aware that he should theoretically be grateful to Castiel for saving his life, again, but it was only a matter of time before Dean was dead and back in hell, anyways. Alastair, on the other hand… there was no telling what he would do while topside. Dean didn’t question for a second that Alastair would be able to make earth into its own hell, if given the time.
“No, he’s actually helping this time!” Charlie said. “You guys will see.”
“Take a vessel? That just fancy words for demonic possession?” Dean said, but deep down, he was already convinced that Castiel wasn’t lying, not about the angel thing at least. What else could that gigantic apparition have possibly been? Dean had been hunting for a long time, and living in hell for a longer time, and he’d still never seen anything like it.
There was a sudden, low noise -- so low that Dean felt it more than heard it. He snapped up to his feet just as all the light in the room fizzled out in a dramatic
“Oh.” Cas said. “No, it’s not. I’ll call you again in a few days. The first step will be to find the archangel Gabriel, who I believe is also disguised on earth. I found traces of him, but you’re not needed until I close in further. He is one of the few angels who have actually seen God, so I believe he will be useful to speak with. If not extremely frustrating.”
Sam nodded.
“I’m ordering pizza,” Bobby said, with a tired sigh.
is my third option here?
“Pretty good,” Cas agreed dazedly. “Good idea, Dean.”
seem pretty drunk.”
“Is it sex advice you’re after?” Gabriel said, looking between him and Dean with a waggle of his eyebrows. “Cause you could have just texted for that.”
want to have sex on two nights?”
He snapped out of his maudlin train of thought just long enough to throw Alastair off again and scramble free. He had gotten an idea -- a half-formed, mostly impossible idea. He needed to get outside.
“I feel similarly.”
“Oh, don’t be jealous, Dean-o,” Gabriel said. The rain pelted harder, soaking through Dean’s jacket and nearly grazing the ring of holy fire. “You have a role, too.”
Cas’s vessel was shorter than him. “I know your soul. I know what you did in hell. I know you feel guilty about it. And I know that it wasn’t your fault, even though you can’t see that yet. You take guilt onto yourself that should be placed on this demon, Alastair."
GABRIEL
“Do you really think so?” Castiel said, sounding slightly amused. “Which part of this strikes you as… bull?”
“Ooh boy,” Gabriel said, eyes glimmering mischievously. “We’re doing the whole thing, little bro. The whole Hallmark thing.”
“No,” Cas said. “I brought Gabriel one of the chemicals he requested, though I mailed it to his home address so as to not endanger any of us. If Gabriel dies from trying to create a stink bomb out of triethyl phosphine, it should be on his own watch.”
They ended up staying at the bar much longer than Dean had assumed they would. Cas made it through three bottles of whiskey before he finally loosened up and started laughing along with Dean’s bad jokes, and Dean finished an entire pitcher of beer himself, along with a few shots of the whiskey. They decided it was time to leave when their laughter began to attract somewhat negative attention from the bartender and the few other patrons.
“So,” Bobby said. “You remember anything? From down under?”
“Great tree, guys,” Jo said sarcastically, viewing the now-more-obvious crook.
“What, you tired of me third wheeling your demonic honeymoon?” Dean jeered.
” he said. “I notice that the ‘plan’ isn’t really happening yet.”
I don’t even know what that dude wants, half the time.
“I had hoped to stop it,” Cas said, sounding so defeated that Dean was struggling to stay mad at him for withholding the information. “But it appears that stopping it is not possible, especially if even Gabriel isn’t bothering to try. Normally, Gabriel is the most peaceful of the archangels.”
SAM/LUCIFER
“Dean-o,” Alastair said, in his father’s pleasantly deep voice, as casually as if Dean had just gotten home from school to find him back from a hunt. “He used to call you that, didn’t he? How adorable.”
might be back. If anything, it was surprising that Sam seemed to be attempting normalcy.
It definitely looked like he was on earth again.
, he thought, as he walked silently through the party. It had certainly died down some during his time in the panic room, but there was still a lively population of people who were dancing and talking. Many of them were his friends, friends he still wanted to talk to and catch up with, but he barely registered them at all, and they somehow seemed to barely register him. It was as though he was walking in a bubble, where the sounds and smells and lights of the party were muted and his mission was the only thing he could really see clearly.
“I won’t let Sam say yes,” Dean said. “Lucifer needs him to say yes, right? Because Lucifer is an angel?”
“Times change,” Dean said, backing up. He was essentially unarmed -- Sam still had the demon knife, not that it would have helped at all.
“Is that really so shocking?” Ruby said angrily. “Isn’t your angel buddy also anti-apocalypse?”
“Well, that’s when they finally decided they needed to bring in the big guns,” Jess said. “Aka, me. I realized that the
“What should we bet on next?” Jo said.
“I don’t need that Christmas gift.”
The guy had been idly watching the ancient TV perched above the counter, and swung his gaze to look at Dean with a casual air that immediately turned to one of panic.
to know, anyways. There were grungy, vaguely Western-themed bars everywhere. One simply had to park a short ways from one, get black out drunk, and wake up the next day, sprawled in the back seat, with a crick in the neck and a splitting headache.
“How are you surviving out here?” Cas said, through chattering teeth.
“And this is what you give to me?” Now they were on a huge, flat field of ice, next to an unnaturally blue trickle of melting water that made pleasingly quiet rushing sounds as it moved over the slick ice.
?” Cas boomed, one hand firmly planted on each of Dean’s shoulders. His gaze briefly moved to the distance behind Dean, where he appeared to notice something. He dug his fingers into Dean’s shoulders again, clawing so deeply that Dean’s muscles began to protest the intrusion, and then they were standing on a rocky coastline, waves crashing against the rocks so viciously that Dean could feel the salty spray on the back of his neck.
Later, they find a table in a pub in the athlete’s village and Dean looks around at the eclectic crowd.  There are athletes everywhere here speaking in languages Dean has never heard.  There are pockets of people huddled together around tables, strategizing in hushed anxious tones, their nervousness palpable.  There are the athletes who are here because they may be the best in their countries but know they don’t have a chance of actually winning against this international competition.  They are just honored to be here, drinking it all in, relaxed and eager.  And there are the stars, the ones on commercials and front pages of the sports papers in their home countries.
a monster and he just kissed a former angel of the Lord in a man’s body who is probably the love of his life.
Dean keeps his eyes as cold as steel.  This woman’s words cut like a knife but he’ll be damned if he’s going to show it in front of her.
“I believe I am in love.  But I fear that love could never be returned.  I am… not what I used to be.  I can’t be of use like I was before.”
Then he felt a hand, solid and soft, in the center of his back. “Dean, are you OK?” Jess’ soft whisper came from above him as she settled down next to him on the couch, not leaving any space between their bodies. She wrapped her arm around his shoulder and held him steady.
It was so hot and it was all Cas needed before a moment later he was coming as well, dripping thick white liquid over his own hand. Dean dropped down to his knees across from Cas, and cupped the man’s face with both hands, pulling their mouths together for a slow, lingering kiss. When they were both breathless, Dean broke away and rested their foreheads together, locking eyes and smiling at this beautiful creature in front of him.
Dean straddled Cas and kissed down his neck, eliciting a sinful moan from the man. Dean looked up and saw the raw desire in Cas’ eyes that were moving over his form, taking in every bit of him, hungry for more. God, the way Cas looked at him should be at the top of the deadly sins list. Cas’ blue eyes were a dark indigo in the dim lighting of the room, occasionally lit by flashes of lightning from the storm raging outside of their window.
“Lucifer’s in the bunker with you? Then you and Sam are in danger!” Cas growls urgently.
He nods his head for the doctor, not wanting to expose his internal conflict.  She is, after all, rooting for him to win.
“Gabriel? No, you know Gabriel?”
Dean laughs and reaches his hand towards the skater, motioning for him to give the bottle back so Dean can have another drink.  This time he allows himself more, several swallows of the powerful drink.  “You a lightweight, Cas?”
I mean, the guy’s attractive, that much is a no brainer, but Dean’s around attractive guys all the time.  He stamped down that feeling a long time ago.  Stopped looking, stopped thinking about that part of himself.  There are no “out” players in the NHL and Dean sure as hell doesn’t want to be the first to go down
They headed up a flight of stairs into a large mostly open space. About half of it was unlit and covered with hard wood floor with no furniture in sight. On the far side of the room, however, was a cozy looking living area and small kitchen, which they headed towards. “Please have a seat and make yourself at home. I will be as expedient as I can,” said Castiel as he showed him to the living room then disappeared down a short hallway beside the kitchen. A few minutes later, Dean heard the sound of the shower running, which gave him a moment to look around.
“I’m collecting ammo. Check it out,” he held up the two little bean bags with symbols written on them in sharpie pen. “I found a lightning bolt and some magic spell thingy in this fairy’s bag!”
Castiel had always been intrigued with flying. From as young as he could remember, he was fascinated with airplanes. When his mother scrounged up the money to pay a small plane owner to take Castiel up in the air for the first time he was hooked. As the plane took off, he felt a freedom he hadn’t known until that moment. And when they glided silently over the earth below, he had a sense of peace, of home. This was where he belonged. He decided at that moment, he would one day fly on his own.
“Come on, man.  Wake up.  Help’s on the way.  Castiel.  Castiel!”
“No way!” Harry held his ground.  “We were here first and you owe us a ghost sighting!  We’re staying.”
"Hey, Sam," Benny drawls, "mind if I sit?"
“What’re you... doing here, Dean?” He still hasn’t looked at his friend, he doesn’t want to see him through the violent lense of his curse.
Chapter title is Faceoff - this is where two players wait for the ref to drop the puck to start the play
Dean looks at his brother, who is motionless on the ice, his helmet knocked off in the collision and his long wet hair splayed out all around.  The medical staff is already swarming and Dean stands helplessly as they try to revive Sam.
"Yes, you do. And when you calm down you'll be glad I talked some sense into you."
Credits:
“Wait, I thought you and Pamela were together.”
He steps forward and wraps Castiel in a hug and he answers, “I’ve missed you too, Sam.” And Castiel can’t stop the smile on his face as he realizes how happy he is to see his good friend again. Sam then takes Miracle outside and leaves Dean and Castiel alone. He can’t bring himself to look into Dean’s eyes, so he sits in silence, staring at the stained brown and yellow patterned bedspread.
“So, speaking of airplanes, I was wondering, do you need any pilots?”
His eyes roam over the hundreds of cheering faces knowing that one of them is Dean.  He decides, resolutely, that he is not going to let Dean Winchester affect him anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, uh, this part was pretty cool.  They did this whole like light show thing.  I hope it came out on the camera.”
Credits:
Dean continues his inspection under her hood, occasionally mumbling about crazy brothers and angels that can’t even stay in one place anyway. It’s only a short time, though, before Baby feels Castiel’s presence behind Dean. He feels it too and stills.
“Dude, you’ve been there? I’ve been around the US, but always wanted to check out Europe.”
“Jess,” Dean interrupts trying to rescue her from her embarrassment, “he likes you.”
“Hold this position,” he groaned. “You have to protect the camp.”
“I miss him already, but we will all be together again soon. You and Dean are the best humans I have ever known. What we did together, we have earned eternal peace and fulfillment.” Cas finally turns to him, smiling. “We did it, Sam. We wrote our own story and it was good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“This gives us the appearance of being a couple,” Castiel replies in as if this is a matter of very strategic importance.
At first, Dean finds himself stealing glances at the figure skater.  After all, he’s used to keeping an eye on the whole ice rink.  It’s just habit.  It’s not like he’s
“Oooooh, so you do know who I am?  So what was all that last night?”
~ * ~
Cas shoots out of his chair and suddenly everything is black. No, not black, just dark. Dean opens his eyes and he’s awake, slumped in a chair in the dungeon lit only by holy fire with Sam standing nearby watching him nervously. Dean scans his eyes past the ring of fire and watches as Castiel (or Lucifer?) suddenly stands up and meets his eyes. And in a second he knows that Cas has taken over the vessel. This isn’t Lucifer staring at him but Castiel, seraph of the Lord, full of all the wrath and righteousness he remembers from those early days before he was just his friend, Cas.
Their dance was a seamless give and take, a push and pull of power and will between the dancers and it was intoxicating. As the music began to crescendo, Castiel led his partner through intricate footwork and effortless lifts with controlled passion. And by the time the last note ended with Pamela falling back across Castiel’s outstretched knee as he leaned across her tracing his free hand gently down her outstretched arm, ribs and to her hip Dean was captivated by the couple.
“Castiel, you shouldn’t have to. It isn’t fair and you have been hurt enough by that crap. But think about what you were asking. Dean Winchester, consummate stud muffin, turning his brother’s wedding into his coming out party? That’s a bit much for anyone.”
The man rolls his eyes and turns to the sink to wash his hands, completely ignoring Dean.
“I’ll have to find my inner tears to cry as much as Dean does.”
“I am a dancer,” Cas said as he moved his lips across Dean’s jaw, “Eskrima is another form of choreography.” He placed kisses down Dean’s neck, “I am a student of the human body and its movements,” Cas dipped his tongue into the hollow between Dean’s collarbones, “I have studied several forms of martial arts as they include some of the most exquisite movements.”
“Missed you, woke up and you were gone.”
Harry was visibly nervous as he pulled out and flashed the fake badge that Sam had stuffed in his pocket.  Sam tilted his head and pursed his lips at the man, who realized with obvious embarrassment, that he had just shown his badge to a blind woman.
Castiel was furious when he found out what Balthazar had done. There was no reason for both of them to be in danger. But Balthazar insisted that they could keep an eye on each other this way. It was on that deployment that everything came crashing down. On a mission to guard a throughway for some VIP who was making an appearance for the cameras, a car bomb exploded, fatally wounding Balthazar.
“What was she doing in your apartment wearing nothing but
“I’m sorry, Dean. This has been a difficult day for me. Sometimes dance is an outlet.”
Cas looked at Dean with one of his patented squints and head tilts, which Dean found kind of adorable, and knock it off, Winchester! You can’t be pining for a guy who is about to tell you to take a hike.
With that, Crowley strides past Dean and opens the door, gesturing for Bela to leave as well.  The two exit the room leaving Dean standing alone with nothing but an ominous feeling in the pit of his stomach.  Yeah, maybe he had gone too far punching Crowley like that but the douchebag was asking for it.  He didn’t really care what Crowley said about him but he was not going to let him drag Cas down.
.” This is a saying that is commonly used around hockey because the players are so unbelievably bad-ass. The players I referred to in this chapter are Bobby Baun who famously played two Stanley Cup games on a badly broken ankle but refused x-rays because he knew how bad it was but wanted to play anyway. Also Maurice Richard (who I talked about in a previous chapter) scored what some people say was the greatest goal in the history of hockey. In the days before helmets he was knocked out, bloody and concussed but he got stitched up came back into the game with blood still dripping down his face to score the game winning goal. When basketball and baseball players take weeks off because of a strain, hockey players tough it out.
Cas tilts his head, giving the hockey player better access to his neck, “Not nearly as much as I want to see you naked.”
Chapter Title - War, What is it Good For? (Edwin Star)
Dean leaned in.  There’s no doubt about that.  It was one of those leans where you hold your breath as the blood creeps up your neck, heats your face, makes your fingers tingle.  Your heart beats a little faster and you don’t know where to look, his plush pink lips as he licks them or his hungry green eyes as they roam over your own face.  Castiel has been there before.  Everything about that moment had felt like the sweet thrill of a first kiss, filled with release and possibilities.
Cas gazes at him, like he’s drinking Dean in. Dean hears a sudden sound behind him and whips around. An oily blackness is seeping through the wall, bubbling and coiling like it's ready to spring--
He braces his hands on the table, glances up at where Cas’ nose is making a peak in the draping of the sheet. It looks so stupid. Absurd, like Cas is hiding under the covers, holding his breath. Dean wants to fucking scream from it.
“When Jack was dying. I--” Cas’ voice breaks a little on the syllable, but he soldiers on “--I made a deal. To save him.” He gazes at Dean, eyes suddenly shining with wetness, and that, more than anything else, scares the shit out of Dean.
He was wrong.
Even now, he can't say it, no matter how bad he wants to. It's just too big.
There she is. A totally unassuming chunk of rock, housing one of the most powerful magical objects ever handed down from Heaven. Dean raises his eyebrows at Cas. “Winner, winner, chicken dinner.”
“What do you mean? How?”
Cas is already inside the car. Dean breathes out through his nose and shakes his head before clambering inside as well.
On a sunny day, Dean dumps a bloodstained jacket, a box of salt, a lighter, and a knife into the passenger seat of his car. He goes alone, and Sam doesn't question it.
“Cas,” Dean says, voice progressively rising in volume as he continues, “Cas, I don’t know what the hell is wrong with you, but if you’re in there and you can hear me, you don’t have to do this.”
than a long time.” He pauses, thinking. “Years.” He feels his smile fade, and, for some reason, glances over to Cas.
But when Cas steps forward without a word, Dean immediately stumbles backwards, bluff called. Something’s gone very wrong here. “Just tell me how you got out of Purgatory,” Dean hears himself say, pleading.
“Talk to me,” Dean says, lifting the bottle to his mouth. “Are you sure about this?” He takes a swig, purses his lips. “I mean it’s one thing, me and Sammy slamming the gates to the pit, but you, you’re… you’re boardin’ up Heaven.” He hesitates, because he couldn’t actually give a single shit about Heaven getting screwed over; if he never has to deal with angels meddling in his life again, it’ll be too soon. His real problem is much stupider, pettier, more personal. And for that reason it’s impossible to say out loud. But he can talk around it, he can get close to it, and maybe Cas will understand.
Cas breaks into a little smile and slips the bottle back into the bag. Dean reaches for the gear stick.
They clamber inside together, Dean slinging his bag into the backseat, and Cas cradling his to his chest. “You got the graham crackers?” Dean asks, mentally running through the list.
Cas’ voice follows him: “Then we fight.”
Dean’s not sure what he expects Cas to say. Maybe
Cas goes back to his own side of the car. “I’ll keep that in mind for next time,” he says seriously.
“I’ve got you,” Cas growls. His hand is fisted in Dean’s jacket, Dean’s arm slung across his back. Together they limp along through the bunker’s labyrinthine tunnels, running an incredibly high-stakes three-legged race. Pain blooms and throbs in Dean’s chest, sending spikes into his jaw, his spine, his arm.
“The p-- the price was my life,” Cas says, and Dean feels sick. But Cas keeps fucking going. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned, and... it would take me forever.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but makes no reply.
it could be, what-- what
“I love you,” Dean says, and means it.
Dean straightens up and puts his arm around Cas’ shoulders. “Oh, nothing,” Dean exhales, grinning still, and is pleased to realize Cas is smiling back at him, one corner of his mouth jerked up more than the other, like he’s still figuring out how to use his face but wants to give it the old college try anyway. “It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed that hard.” Dean claps Cas’ shoulder once before letting go and crossing over to the driver’s side door, digging into his pocket for the keys. “Oh, it’s been
Dean tells himself.
Cas looks dazed. Dean licks his lips. “Is that. Are we good? Are we settled?”
Dean grinds to a stop on the shoulder of the road, in a place where it’s flat and green and empty and open as far as the eye can see. The sun beats down overhead, and as Dean swings his legs out of the car he squints and brings up a hand to shield his eyes. He wanted to pick a day like this, though. Cas likes sunny days. Dean doesn’t want Cas to come back and immediately be faced with an abandoned cabin or a dingy basement. He wants Cas to come back and feel the sun on his skin, first thing.
,” Cas pronounces fussily, and Dean rolls his eyes, because Cas absolutely does need a list. One time Dean sent him into Home Depot for a box of screws and Cas came back with three geraniums, a solar light shaped like a seahorse, a set of fancy drill attachments, like two dozen friggin’ paint chips, and no screws whatsoever.
Cas nods. “He-- well, you-- that is,” Cas says, smirking hollowly, “
You raised your little brother for love, you fought for this-- whole world for love.
Dean works his jaw a little, unsettled and wary. “Well, he’s not that far. I’ve been meaning to… go check on him, bring him some supplies.” Dean reflexively tightens his grip on the rock. The lightness in his voice sounds fake even to him.
“No,” Cas replies. “But I thought we could try something new together.” He tilts his head at Dean, managing to straddle the line between beseeching and challenging as only Cas can, with nothing but a subtle quirk of the eyebrow. God, this guy. God, Fun Wine.
“Because I was
The first time it happens, well, it doesn’t mean anything. It’s just... a favor. Done out of the goodness of Dean’s heart. Nothing else. Nothing more.
“What the hell just happened?” Dean demands.
He conjures a musty spellbook out of thin air and holds it out into the space between them.
“To Heaven?”
of me.”
Dean removes the hand in question from the hood of the car and wipes it self-consciously on his jeans. “I-- yeah. Blood. For the spell. It’s nothing.”
it, like an earthquake, like an avalanche, so forceful Dean almost thinks he can see the air wobble from the soundwaves-- but that may just be dizziness from Cas trying to make Dean's brain into a martini for James Bond.
Cas releases Dean’s busted arm-- the absence of the pressure almost hurts more, and a wounded-animal noise punches its way out of Dean’s chest as he gasps for air, eyes screwed shut against the pain in his broken forearm and ruined face both. Then--
. Cas nudges Dean’s thighs open like Moses parting the Red Sea, and then he settles between them, so warm against Dean’s front, and Dean can’t think anything more coherent than,
Cas puts on a
now.” He’s smiling, he’s
Dean squints at him. “‘Go Dutch’-- it, means, uh, paying for your own food,” he supplies.
like he’s fine, but… sometimes there are moments. Where Cas looks a little vacant. Says something a little off. Where Cas seems like he’s trying too
“Him,” Dean repeats. “The other me.”
“Come here, dumbass,” Dean snorts, and reaches out and grabs Cas’ tie. “Can’t let you walk around like this in public.”
Cas nods faintly. Dean’s breath shudders out of him. “I’m sorry,” he whispers to the floor. There’s an aching silence.
, and Cas is dead. Cas is dead and there’s so much Dean will never get to--
“I rebelled for this?” Cas is roaring, and he throws Dean to the opposite wall, striking him in the face, the throat, the chest, the stomach. He seizes Dean’s collar, gets up close, and growls, “So that you could surrender to them?”
“Good,” Cas replies. “Hand it to me and I’ll take it to Heaven.”
“Yes,” Cas replies.
Sam’s warning shout echoes through the bunker, and in an instant the two of them are on their feet ready to brawl. It ends up being Gadreel. Dean ends up trying to kill Gadreel. Cas ends up stopping Dean from killing Gadreel. And then Dean ends up dead. And then Dean ends up a demon. And so on, and so on. They never quite get the chance to pick up the conversation again. Ain’t that just the way.
Dean is bent double, hands braced on his thighs, and Cas just stands next to him, at a total loss, with his stupid tie undone and his dumb shirt unbuttoned and his dorky coat all rumpled and it’s just-- it’s all just the funniest thing Dean’s ever experienced. He’s not even
Dean nods.
“I want you to stay, Cas,” Dean blurts, dropping his gaze to the gravel by his boots. “I-- I can’t deal with you being gone, man, I didn’t want-- I can’t handle it without you. I never can.” He lets out a shuddering breath. “So I brought you back. I’m sorry. But I couldn’t, man. I couldn’t just leave you there.”
Dean steps forth, floating on the faraway feeling that comes with total despair. He moves closer to Cas. “She’s gonna get through that door.”
Dean gazes up at him with cold rage and thinks,
is what Dean would say if he wasn’t so goddamn freaked out right now.
After a few seconds-minutes-eons Dean breaks away to inhale and Cas is looking at him with giant eyes and Dean thinks, with a sudden, intense clarity,
But then Jack goes and actually winks, which kind of kills it. Dean takes the book.
In small, secret moments over the years, Dean had thought about Cas being human. He had thought about human Cas wearing different clothes. He’d thought about human Cas breaking his arm. He’d thought about human Cas learning to wash his hair. He’d thought about human Cas figuring out which foods he had a taste for, and if Dean would know how to cook any of them. (If not, Dean thinks he could learn. He would learn, for Cas.) In especially small, especially secret moments, Dean had thought about human Cas kissing him.
“Where were you the past few days?” Dean asked instead.
Catching his distorted reflection in the window, Dean suddenly felt the urge to change his face, change his hair, change his clothes -- change, change, change. He swallowed the urge and stormed out to deal with the demon ghosts instead.
“If God isn’t on earth, then why are you here?” Cas said.  “What’s the point of all this, if God is supposedly dead?”
GABRIEL
“What happened to the whole ‘we owe you’ spiel?” Dean said. “I thought we appreciated Cas for bringing me back to life? And by the way, what has Ruby done, besides promising you she’d stop me from going to hell and then
Dean wanted to say something snarky, something like
“No offense, but I’m a little surprised,” Dean said. “You have way more of a stick up your ass than Gabriel. Like, at least Gabriel has a sense of humor, you know?”
“This seems like a lot of work for four people to do,” Cas observed.
“Hmm,” Cas hummed, using his other hand to unexpectedly grip Dean’s hard member and start jacking him off. The double onslaught caused Dean to moan involuntarily, thrusting up into Cas’s hand.
CHEERS and APPLAUSE as the recap ends and transitions to the live segment, where Gabriel is already seated before a STUDIO AUDIENCE. Dean enters, avoiding eye contact with the audience, and sits across from Gabriel.
“I can socialize,” Cas said.
Dean got out of bed to find the lube and condoms he had long since hidden away. He put them on the bedside table and laid down on top of Cas, kissing him deeply in an attempt to help him calm down.
“Angel,” Dean said, pulling down his shirt just enough to show the top part of the handprint. To his surprise, Sam barely reacted.
“Cas?” Bobby said.
“Yeah, I remember,” Dean said. As he spoke, a series of images flashed through his head -- a dirt lot filled with old cars, a house crammed to the brim with weapons and books, a grumpy, ill-shaven man in a worn baseball cap. The images were all positive, and Dean felt, more than recalled, that this man was important to him.
is going to accomplish that, then so be it.”
genuine in his desire to defeat his brother, wasn’t just in it for the power trip. The poor bastard wouldn’t accept that his father was dead, and would monologue with touching sincerity about how much better the world would be once evil was stamped out and God’s Creation could exist in peace. Dean had tried to talk some sense into him, but it never seemed to work.
“So I’ve heard,” Cas said.
. Think more along the lines of... massively powerful third parties.
“I think we need to try something, at least,” Sam said. “We’re running out of time, and if they’re doing the ritual I found when I looked into it, it’s going to begin in a few minutes.”
would be as a dad, which was all kinds of inappropriate. Dean would probably be only slightly weirded out if he knew that Cas lusted after his body, but if Dean knew that Cas was so softly picturing him with
“Michael wants to wear
But looks didn’t necessarily tell you the truth.
“Why do you look so much like Cas right now, anyways?” Dean asked, upending the last bottle of beer he had on hand and pouring half of it all over his face on accident. His tolerance was significantly lower now that he wasn’t really eating, he noticed.
Dean rolled them over, pinning Cas beneath him and kissing him gently. Feeling the careful nudge of Cas’s lips on his, Dean felt like a live wire, closer and closer to going off with each soft touch. He shrugged clumsily out of his shirt and pants, feeling frustrated with any barrier between himself and the angel, and Cas did the same with his trench coat and jacket.
Did you just appear here, as well?
“I didn’t know that those could exist,” Dean said in horror.
Dean rolled his eyes and tried again to chase down some sleep.
“Ooh, he’s sassy.”
Cribbage: https://bicyclecards.com/how-to-play/cribbage/
“I got it,” Dean said, snapping. “I have a kind of good, mostly terrible, plan.”
Bobby just stood there quietly for a long moment. It was obvious he was thinking, but of what, Dean had no idea.
“Wait,
“Alastair killed Lilith?” Dean said. “Why?”
“You mean… sex on two nights?”
“Bobby, you can’t just have firearms in
“Yeah, whatever,” Cas said. “
the rebellious son.”
oh god what have I done
The first time Michael showed up in his new visage, Dean had been wasted at 4:00 in the afternoon, lying completely still on an uncomfortable motel mattress and staring at the ceiling. His first thought upon seeing Michael’s shimmering form had been that he was surely about to be murdered.
They headed to the panic room, which looked much the same as always, except for the Christmas lights someone had strung up across the top. Gabriel swung the iron door shut behind them with alarming strength.
“I should probably go,” Ruby said, one foot already back out the door. She had her gaze trained roughly on Cas’s hands, avoiding his eyes.
haven’t met God?” Dean said. “Isn’t he, like, your dad?”
If Cas was honest with himself, he was just now realizing that he’d had a kind of half-baked idea of what Christmas day would be like, and it had involved sleeping in, lazily exchanging presents, and eating leftovers (ideally in bed) with a certain green-eyed friend of his. On such a day, it would have been so easy to find a random, quiet moment during which to get his confession out of the way in a minimally embarrassing way. But now he was recognizing the truth in Gabriel’s words -- Sam had made way too much of an effort on getting the house ready for a lazy Christmas to be in their future.
What would life be like once he told Dean the truth? He’d have to move on, find someone else to do Christmas and life things with. The past years had taught him that loneliness wasn’t a good answer, anymore. But as he and Dean struggled to carry their tree to the Impala, having stubbornly refused Alfie’s help after paying, he couldn’t visualize a life with anyone besides Dean. Dean, who was currently trying to coordinate their efforts by singing an abridged (and somewhat dirty) version of “Jingle Bells.”
Michael already knows how I feel about him. I’m not saying yes to him either.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Cas said. “It may take a moment.”
“Ah-ah-ah,” Alastair said, pulling out the knife. “We’re friends, Sammy, and friends don't stab friends. You just haven’t accepted it yet. But… you will.”
Cas took a more inoffensive approach, hanging up the plain orbs from Sam in such a way that would hopefully trick the eye into believing that there were more ornaments on the tree than there actually were. They really hadn’t gotten enough ornaments to cover the tree, but pointing this out to Sam seemed like a moot point, as he was currently coming up with increasingly unhinged suggestions for ways to cover the remaining space on the tree.
“But you don’t have a…” Castiel’s brow furrowed. Dean looked at him meaningfully. “Ah. A joke. I meant that the tattooer didn’t get everything exactly right. May I?”
“Okay, never have I ever, and you drink if you’ve done it,” Jo said. “I’ll start. Never have I ever cut off a guy’s toe during sex.” She took a drink, and started giggling so hard she spit most of it out.
“Dean,” Michael chided.
“Oh, come on,” Dean said, exaggerating in attempt to distract the angel from his melancholic state. Cas had smiled only a few times in Dean’s presence, and if they were both about to die, Dean was determined to not go out without getting a few more smiles out of him, and maybe even a laugh. “I’m not going to let you die without experiencing all the vices earth has to offer. Let’s go out.”
It was futile to try to remember any more until the guy was dealt with, so Dean slammed the pen down and looked right at the guy. “Do I look like I have $1.40?”
“Nothing happened,” Dean said, quick and defensive.
“Why?” Sam said. Dean realized he’d said too much. “And who’s ‘they’?”
Studio audience applauds wildly.
“I’m not sleeping, I'm in meditative prayer,” Cas said. “Fixing your lungs was taxing.”
Cas answered by leaning in, and finally,
“I can see that,” Dean said dryly. “Hiya, Cas,” he said, giving Cas a quick hug.
“My brother,” Dean muttered. Memories of his brother still seemed hazy, like memories from two or three lifetimes ago, but they had slowly started to come back, the longer Dean spent topside. His most concrete one was of a boy, around seven years old, smiling up at him as they set off fireworks over an open field. When had that happened? How old was his brother now? Dean had assumed he must be dead, until he’d glimpsed the date back at the gas station and learned that it was only 2009.
Dean couldn’t bear to look at Sam, so he couldn’t tell if his brother was taking Alastair seriously or not. “Why did you kill Lilith?” he said again, in a careful monotone.
“You’re going to make me come before we even start,” Dean muttered.
“Ugh, fine,” Gabriel said. “Castiel, I’m sorry for, quote, pushing you too far and not letting you work out your own problems in your own way, unquote. I should have, quote, given you space, unquote.”
Why don't we move on to a happier topic, hmm? Michael will have his opportunity to change your mind later, during his Fantasy Suite date, but for now, why don’t we talk about Castiel?
Silence answered him, more of the oppressive silence that had hung around Dean for the entirety of the time he’d been trapped.
“Cas,” he said quietly. His voice was hoarse from all the yelling and the lack of water, and sounded unnaturally deep to his ears. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Castiel, I pray that you have your ears on, and have noticed that your asshole brother put me in a giant white box. I could really use some help getting out of this one. Sam needs me.”
In the rearview mirror, Dean could still see bursts of light here and there, along with a white light that was building and building, seemingly coming from the ground itself. The impala was going as fast as it possibly could, and as Dean pressed the pedal to the metal, the speed inexplicably jumped even higher, just for a second.
“No there aren’t,” Dean said. “All the wholesome families already did this weeks ago. It’s just us degenerates, now. 2, 3, 4,
“And that’s
She looked offended, but Dean, who was already halfway out the door, didn’t appear to have heard her, so Cas just gave her an apologetic look and followed him out.
“Actually, I’ve been alive significantly longer than a millennium,” Cas said.
“Lay back,” Dean said again, sinking down to the other man’s waistline. He unbuttoned Cas’s slacks, maintaining eye contact the entire time, and pushed them down slightly. Cas kicked them all the way off, still eyeing Dean like he was both apprehensive and needy -- so, so needy. Dean palmed at him through his boxers for a moment, and then decided to cut the crap, freeing his dick from the boxers. Cas was larger than average, he noted, and had some girth to him.
“I do miss living in the same city as you,” Cas blurted out. His tolerance was alarmingly low, and he found himself in one of those moods where there was nothing he wouldn’t say to get Dean to pay attention to him for a little while longer.
“Great,” Dean said. “Demon ghosts. Sounds like fun.”
“Agreed,” Ruby said, looking like she was dying to get out of there. “We need to leave, like, yesterday.”
He picked a direction and started walking. Another memory was floating around in his head -- this one from his time in hell -- and he needed to write it down as soon as possible.
“You…” Cas said, and found himself immediately choking on his words. “You are just… I’ve never met anyone like you. You’ve changed the course of my life completely… I mean, think of where I was when we met, and where I am now… I never knew how to have fun before I met you, I never knew how to… uh…” Even in his drunken state, Cas realized it would be a bad idea to say anything along the lines of ‘like men without hating myself.’ “I never knew how to forgive myself. Does that make sense?” he finished, knowing it absolutely didn’t.
“All the same,” Dean said. “Hey, need help with that tie?”
flavor that I'm guessing you're missing."
did he keep doing these regrettable things?
couldn’t he have just pushed forward and gotten his feelings out there, once and for all? There would be no moving on until he told Dean, because until he told Dean, for-real-told him and not just coward-told him, he would still be harboring this stupid little flame of hope that maybe Dean felt the same way, and the stupid little flame wasn’t about to let him seriously pursue anyone else, not when Dean Winchester was still a whisper of a hint of an option.
“Why not go for a minimalist tree?” Cas said.
“You do that,” Dean muttered, wrapping a possessive arm around the other man. He stayed conscious just long enough to think about how good it felt to have his entire body pressed against the angel’s, how nice it was to experience such a generous overdose of human contact, before he lost consciousness and fell gracefully into sleep.
Over his first few months of hunting with Sam again, Dean slowly came back to himself, or at least, enough to convince his brother that he was constantly improving. It had felt at first as though Dean was missing so many huge, key pieces of information about his past life that he would never be able to go back, but the longer he was on the road with his brother (and sometimes Bobby, and sometimes, unfortunately, Ruby), the more he started to feel as though he belonged again.
“You didn’t do it,” Gabriel said.
Such a shame, such a shame. He’s a huge fan favorite, you know. Incredible physique. Alluring voice. And, to boot, such a noble cause.
“You’re not skeptical at all?” Bobby said.
“Wow, you’re mad that I have a friend besides you?” Dean said. “Pretty rich coming from Ruby’s little bitch boy.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said.
“On it, boss,” Dean said, rushing off downstairs. Cas wondered how he could be so chipper. It was only around eight in the morning, and Cas, for his part, was a little hungover.
Physical connection?
(See the end of the chapter for
“It could be a kink.”
“Hello, Dean,” the creature said, in a deep, euphonic voice.
“Good,” Castiel said with a nod. “I hear that he has been attempting to bring about your return for quite some time now.”
“I don’t want to sit here and expose all his inner emotions,” Sam said. “Especially because I’m only guessing at a lot of them. But I think you don’t realize how much Dean feels he has to lose in you.”
“What is it, then?” Cas said, dread building.
“Yeah,” he said, rubbing his eyes surreptitiously. “Were you watching me that whole time? That’s kind of weird, dude. Men don’t watch other men sleep.”
“That’s what I thought,” Cas said smugly. And though he would have thought it would take years before he could possibly fall asleep in such a position, with Dean so close and Cas so cold, he still drifted off almost immediately.
“Alastair’s words to you made us almost certain,” Cas said. “Alluding to a new ruler of hell, coupled with Lilith’s death and the slew of omens, make us sure that it has come to pass.”
“Your lips are so cold,” Cas said.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said with amusement.
Dean sighed and started picking at the beer label again. He looked tense.
“I need your help,” Cas said.
Castiel might be more concerned at the idea of locking his brother up if he didn’t know that Gabriel had figured out a way out of the panic room years ago.
Michael rumbled pleasedly. The air around them tightened, so tight that Dean could practically feel each molecule converging in on him, making his body feel uncomfortably small. It was about to happen, Dean knew, and it seemed that all his blood and bones and muscles knew too, as his arms stretched out involuntarily and his spine straightened. There was a high-pitched sound, as if a field of bugs were all screaming, and then Dean felt something barrel into him, and the sound abruptly disappeared.
“We did,” Cas said. “But we were interrupted.”
Unfortunately, yes. I am really me. I believe the forces of heaven have spies everywhere. They likely spotted us and brought us here for… whatever this is.
Dean blinked and the whole scene disappeared, Castiel and the forest and creek and the clean-smelling, humid air. All that was left was the same whimpering, broken soul that Dean had partially taken apart before Castiel possessed it.
“You think that’s them?” Sam said.
The grave site Dean had risen from looked like the site of a small nuclear event, with all the surrounding trees dead on the ground in a perfect ring and the grass still smoldering slightly. There were absolutely no distinguishing details about the scene that let Dean know exactly where he was.
Cas shook his head. “You knew that it was wrong to smite the town,” he said, turning to Dean with pleading eyes. “You were so sure. How?”
“Well,” Dean said, his voice catching in his throat just slightly. “Uh, are angels… gay, or…”
“It’s not long now, Dean,” Michael had said kindly, the last time he’d come by. “I will be patient. And no matter what, I
- Dean had accepted, even before he was first dragged down by the hellhounds, that hell was where he deserved to be, and where he would have ultimately ended up even if he hadn’t made the demon deal. He didn't even look for a way out.
“Oh yeah,” Dean said, with a cocky smile. “I almost forgot. You
Dean cleared his throat and began banging on the coffin’s lid experimentally. He was almost surprised when it actually moved slightly -- another thing that would never have happened in hell. Where
“Okay, I don’t want to die a virgin,” Cas said, looking at him determinately. “But you should know. You are the only human I have ever been interested in having sex with.”
At the racks, everything else disappeared except for the tortured soul, Dean, and whatever instruments Dean imagined up. The demons who had broken Dean were much, much more powerful, and had been able to conjure up whole worlds just to ruin Dean a little bit more, but for Dean (and most of the tortured souls), hell was just a hot, red bubble of blunt instruments and pain. Dean was somewhat grateful for the simplicity. It was easy enough to just pick up a knife and cut where he had been taught to cut, but to have to conjure up whole scenarios specifically to cause misery was a line he hoped he’d never be forced to cross.
“I could change my mind,” Cas said, deliberately turning away.
“Our death is almost certain,” Cas admitted grimly. “I apologize for soliciting your help in this death mission, Dean. I see now that it was wrong of me to condemn you to the same fate as I.”
“We’re cleaning so that Sam’s girlfriend isn’t scared away forever,” Charlie informed Cas in a cheerful tone.
“Ugh, don’t remind me,” Dean said, but there was excitement in his eyes.
“Did you get that number?” Dean said, poking his head in.
“Oh shit,” Dean said. “Run, we gotta run.”
“Okay,” Cas said.
Bobby saved him from needing to reply by emerging from the study at that moment. “Sam here is a little panicked about getting the place ready for Jess,” he said, his tone making it clear that he thought very little of any girl who could possibly be put off by the way that the place currently looked.
“Yeah, after that,” Dean said. “I’m supposed to leave Bobby’s tomorrow, and I guess my question is… where are you going? And am I invited?”
was currently the one locked into the panic room. Nursing his bruised knuckles, Cas wondered if he would ever be able to fall asleep again, or if he should just ram his head into the door until he passed out.
Promise me you won’t tell Sam, or I’ll march you back to Michael and make you say yes right now.
The town ended up surviving, but Cas still seemed upset at how things had turned out. Dean pried a little, but Cas just shook him off and disappeared.
”), and were back at Bobby’s before noon. To Dean’s chagrin, this was not late enough in the day for it to be feasible that they needed to get back to gift shopping right away, so they got roped into an hour-long affair in which at least five tree locations were tested, and a series of wires to straighten the crook in the top were attempted and quickly abandoned.
“Sam, you are speaking kind of confusingly lately,” Cas said.
to kiss. All the other times, it had been more of an experiment, or a way to be polite in the face of another’s advances, but now, Cas was initiating, and deep in the recesses of his brain, he had to wonder where this was coming from. Had he wanted to kiss Dean for a long time? What was it about this closet that made him want to kiss Dean?
“Hey, little bro,” Gabriel drawled. “Took you long enough to get here. Your presence has been requested in the upstairs bedrooms.”
“I just don’t get it,” Alastair said, advancing on Dean. “We were such good pals down under. Why’d you have to go and leave me?”
“Guests,” Gabriel confirmed. “Bobby
“Oh,” Dean said. “I like both, as well.” Internally, he cringed at his awkward phrasing, but most of his mental power was still focused on the fact that he was suddenly standing very close to Cas, so close that he could feel the warmth emanating from his body.
The days all bled into each other with no distinguishing features -- the concept that anyone in hell deserved a second’s break from the constant torture was a hilarious joke. Dean didn’t see anything but the rack and the flayed souls, didn’t feel anything but the feel of a weapon in his hands, for at least three years.
“Not to my knowledge,” Castiel said. “I’m sure he would like to hear the news from you.”
“Hasn’t checked back in in hours,” Sam said. “Definitely concerning, but I figure we should deal with this first, right?”
“Oh, shit, I didn’t mean to hit your face,” Dean said. “Are you okay?”
“You’re so distracting,” he groaned, as the angel began nibbling at his earlobe.
Dean kind of doubted that, but he smiled thinly at his brother in response.
“Well, that too,” Gabriel said. “But
“Do we just go back to the largest cemetery?” Sam said at last. They were parked at the edge of the second-largest cemetery, where ten demons had been standing in a rough circle formation for the whole time they’d been watching. They weren’t moving at all, or doing anything that could tip them off as to what was happening.
And when they finished Charlie’s room and moved to Castiel’s, Cas was unnerved to find that Gabriel had, actually, cleaned almost the entire thing by himself. As he smiled proudly, Cas felt his shoulders tense up. This could not possibly be a good thing.
A few demon lackeys came forward with a final hostage Dean hadn’t been able to see at first. They pulled the thick bag off his head, revealing a comatose Sam, who slouched forward and nearly hit the ground.
“Sammy,” Dean whispered, dread running through his body and making him unable to breathe for a moment. “It’s him.”
a burden.”
“Oh, Castiel,” Gabriel said, fixing him with a sympathetic look. “God’s dead! He’s been dead.”
“Dean, I raised
As luck would have it, Gil had no other appointments until the evening, so he said he could do the tattoos Dean wanted. Looking at the receipts which housed Dean’s sketches, Gil seemed only slightly put off by the informal nature of the appointment.
Of all the people Dean couldn’t remember from his life before hell, how strange that that boy had made the cut -- his face perfectly preserved, his name long since gone. Thinking of the boy, Dean took out the black nail polish he’d just bought and carefully painted his middle fingernail. It looked patchy and horrible. How had that boy gotten his nails to look good? Dean attempted to cover the rest of his left hand nails, but they all turned out approximately as bad as his first attempt. His hand looked wrong, now, but whether that was because the polish was so bad or because it existed at all, Dean wasn’t certain.
Dean waited to see if Sam was going to say anything else, but he just got up silently and went to the bathroom, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts. He supposed that since it was night, he should try to sleep, but he couldn’t imagine sleeping after hearing that
MICHAEL
“Oh,” Dean said, nodding and sipping his beer. He didn’t seem to be freaking out. In fact, after they were done at the bar, he consented to crash at Castiel’s for the night instead of his motel, so clearly things were fine, right? Maybe Dean had magically failed to hear any of what Castiel had said.
“Dean knew Alastair in hell, that’s why it has to be him,” Ruby said smugly. “Right, Dean?”
“What do you mean, your
When Dean woke up in the coffin, his first thought was that Alastair must have once again gotten too busy to deal with him in a hands-on way and decided to just do the claustrophobia-torture thing again. If that was the case, he wasn’t about to give him the satisfaction of yelling and screaming just yet. He’d lie here in dignified silence for as long as he possibly could, maybe give his torn and frayed vocal cords a break.
“We will be,” Dean said. “We just need to trap and interrogate Gabriel, right? That seems…” He trailed off, not quite able to lie and say it would be easy.
“Hey!” he shouted. “I want to talk to you, Alastair!”
The creature sighed, and suddenly, Dean wasn’t standing by the rack anymore. Suddenly, he was standing in a lush forest, with huge, mossy tree trunks standing all around him and a little creek bubbling cheerfully a few steps away. The creature was there too, still in the borrowed body.
From a purely sexual standpoint, Castiel is the obvious winner. I mean, sure, his competition is my literal brother, and an archangel who wants to possess me, so it’s not like he’s up against the best of bunch, but still, what he accomplished last night was truly something spectacular. I really hope that Gabriel feels good about trapping us here and making us do all those truly
They split up for the rest of the day, Sam interviewing people who had known Siobhan and Dean trying to narrow down sites where the ritual could take place. As he still had no idea what the ritual was, exactly, his was a nearly impossible task, but luckily, Sam had more luck.
“You look nice too,” Cas said.
“Oh, it’s like that, huh?” Dean said. “Well, you’ll have to catch me first.” With a cry, he took off into the night, whooping and leaping unnecessarily.
“So,” Dean said, once they got back to the motel. He was feeling light and happy, as if nothing he could possibly say would be wrong. “You seriously haven’t had sex before?”
“What am I, your personal attack dog?” Dean said.
“Hey, here’s an idea,” Dean said. “We should prank Gabriel by kissing under the mistletoe right now.”
Secondly, everyone else seemed to be settling down and moving on, and Castiel feared his window of possibility would close very soon. He had no idea why or how Dean Winchester could possibly still be single at the age of forty, but he figured that was subject to change at any moment. And it didn’t help that Sam was in a serious relationship, Charlie had a new girlfriend, Garth was married, Benny was married, even Jo had apparently met someone… the peer pressure was bound to get to Dean soon. Castiel needed to throw his name into the ring before he lost the chance to forever.
Castiel just kept staring, perhaps not knowing how to respond to that. His borrowed nostrils flared just slightly, and Dean could swear that he saw a break in his flesh vessel, a view of the skyscraper-sized celestial form of the angel he had first become acquainted with. But the illusion was broken as soon as it had begun.
There had been a time, when he was younger, when Dean had legitimately believed that the worst thing about him was his occasional attraction to men. John’s influence, of course. Once Dean started hunting primarily by himself, before Sam left Stanford and joined him, Dean had gotten over that hang-up with an aggressive, fuck-you gusto, enthusiastically fucking men and women all over the country without a single thought to what his father would think. But he’d never done anything to change his appearance, never done anything permanent that would let his father know how far from normal his son had gotten.
“Well, these are probably the weird, outcast angels, but yeah, reassuring sentiment all the same, isn’t it?”
“Mating rituals?” Dean chuckled. “Oh, yeah, keep talking dirty to me.”
“There is,” Dean said. “They’re almost never on earth, but trust me, there is.” He scrambled for some way to convince Bobby, then remembered the handprint. “Here,” he said, pulling his shirt down. “The angel left this.”
Aww, you already have a cute nickname for him. Yes, Dean, Castiel is your third option. What do you have to say about that?
“You trust a demon!” Dean said. “That’s much worse.”
It was almost funny, how quickly Dean’s thoughts turned dark once he was alone. He wasn’t sure where he was going, but he’d only been heading there for about an hour before he felt his grip on reality completely slip. His mind was back in hell.
They decided to go back to Bobby’s to regroup, taking turns driving so they barely had to stop. Dean couldn’t sleep at all during his turns, so he headed straight to his unofficial room to collapse, once they finally arrived. But despite his exhaustion, he somehow still couldn’t keep his eyes closed. He tossed and turned for about an hour before a trenchcoated silhouette appeared in a blink by the window.
He bent down and sucked at the head, and that was the final straw -- Cas was coming in his mouth with a soft shout. Dean normally had to tell himself to pretend to enjoy this part for his partner’s sake, but Cas seemed so
“Oh, yes,” Gabriel said. “Castiel, can you please clear the panic room so that me and Sam can ‘talk’ without his ‘girlfriend’ hearing?”
“Dean,” Cas said, a slightly glazed look in his eyes. “You’re so beautiful… body and soul.” He put a hand beneath Dean’s shoulder and flipped him easily, so that he was pressed firmly against the shitty motel mattress.
“No, we need to kill Alastair,” Dean said. “Cas!”
“Such as Samhain’s rising,” Cas nodded. “The town where half the people were infected with Croatoan. The killing of the reapers. Unusual possessions. Lilith’s death. All the strange astrological omens.”
“Because I spent a century in hell and you’re fucking a demon?” Dean suggested. “We’re not exactly heaven’s favorite people.”
“I’m sure,” Dean said. “The kid’s gonna kill himself up there if left to his own devices.”
Their next stop was a stand selling “hard hot chocolate,” which Cas would never have stopped at if he was alone, but which Dean refused to pass up. Never mind that it was still the middle of the day, and they had shopping to do -- they still had to get peppermint hot chocolate, with double shots.
“Hurray,” Dean said.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas said, taking his hand. “A very long time.”
was not so clear.
?” Zachariah said smugly. “The demon Azazel picked him from birth to be the body of his true master. Azazel did everything within his power to ensure that Sam had the form and the temperament to house Lucifer -- everything from ensuring you went to hell, to keeping Sam surrounded by demons at all times, to even encouraging his rebellion against your father. Sam is the rebellious son, isn’t that right? Or…” he gave Dean a condescending up-and-down, eyes lingering on the gently-bleeding piercing Dean now had. “He
“Well, actually--”
Charlie laughed nervously, clearly recalling the last time she’d been tricked into consuming one of Gabriel’s “cocktails”.
“We need to approach the area by car, if possible,” Cas said, mind clearly far from the demon ghosts. “And we cannot do anything suspicious, lest Gabriel will notice too soon and smite us both.”
My apologies for not realizing that Michael exclusively speaks in all caps from the beginning. I've gone back to previous chapters to correct this egregious oversight.
“So then what happened?” Cas breathed.
“Shut up, Jo,” Dean said.
“And interrogating them, yeah, pretty much,” Sam said. “We’ve noticed things are scaling up recently, though. Not just the usual possessions and murders. They’re getting creative.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean said, leaning in to give him a soft peck. “Can I just show you how?”
“Woah woah woah,” Sam said, appearing from deeper inside the room. “Dean?”
“That does sound like him,” Dean conceded, rubbing his arm. Cas had a tight grip. “So, you know where this douche is at?”
“Oh, Jo and Gabriel are helping too, so it’s actually six people,” Charlie said. “Bobby, not so much, but you can’t really blame him. He’s such a hoarder, I think this whole process is causing him physical pain.”
“Nah,” Dean said with a smug grin. “He likes me. Now, we saving these townspeople or not?”
“But Gabe,” he said in protest. “How will I ever know if the brunette girl will forgive the blond man for not telling her he was secretly the prince of a small, vaguely European nation?”
When Dean looked back at Sam, his brother was staring in shock down the hallway Castiel had practically run down. Then Sam turned to him and Dean didn't know what he was expecting, but it wasn't for Sam to abruptly tackle him on the couch and hug him as tightly as if one of them had just returned from the dead. Dean returned the hug cautiously. "Thought you were mad at me."
Sam shook his head. "No, he should stay where we can keep an eye on him. Not that we could do anything if he—"
Sam rolled his eyes as he handed the keys back to Dean. "Jerk," he said, and Dean couldn't help the relief he felt at the warmth behind the word. Just like that, their fight was over.
Castiel froze, then came alive all at once, knowing that Dean didn't mean what he was saying. "I don't know what you mean."
"Cas, just to check — you and I aren't married, right?" Dean sounds even more angry if possible, but for some reason, Sam has started laughing.
Dean bit back the urge to thank him.
"It doesn't work that way. If I have these symbols right, they weren't bringing something out. They were trying to send something there."
"No one cares. Tell me what she said."
Dean ran his hand gently over Cas's shoulder, smoothing out his jacket. "Not always," he said.
"Cas?" he breathed. "Are you alive?"
Once they went looking, it hadn't been that difficult at all to find a demon too stupid or too bold to keep his head down. For all the good it would do them, Dean was surprised the demons weren't smart enough to leave this plane and start fortifying hell against invasion. If Death was right, if the leviathans' end game really was eating everything in their path, they'd turn their attentions to hell soon enough. They'd withdrawn some. Crowley hadn't been lying about that. But not entirely. This one, this one had stayed. Moreover, this one had stayed in this same town, even after the Winchesters arrived. Dean wanted to know why. He looked down at the tray of instruments, considering. He'd always had a thing for tools.
But I am, Dean wanted to say. I'm the only one. But that wasn't true, was it? They'd all of them made mistakes. Dean shouldn't trust Castiel, but he did. That's why they called them leaps of faith, because they happened without logic, without reason. Just instinct and love. Dean Winchester had always trusted his gut. He looked into Cas's eyes and saw emotion there. Emotions that angels didn't feel, weren't supposed to feel. Cas had taken a leap of faith once. Dean could.
