He felt better than he thought he would, after the simple bath, and after he tossed the water out the window like Sam had, Dean pulled on the rest of his armor and left the room to find Sam and Cas.
Dean left the room first, fighting the sting in the back of his throat and the way the corners of his mouth wanted to pull down all the way back to the library.
Cas looked at him sharply.  “Of course I have my blade.  It’s part of me, I always have it.  Well…except for that one time I was almost human and I couldn’t keep it with my true form because –“
Absently, her finger tips dragged through the sand in front of her, barely enough to carve shallow grooves, as she stared into the fire.
Sam huffed a laugh and Dean swallowed around the relief clogging his throat, thanking every deity he could name that Cas had given him another chance even after he remembered what he'd done. He wouldn't waste this one.
His legs felt in danger of giving out, but Castiel forced himself to stay standing while he could, heart pounding against his ribs like it intended to break free. He took a step back so that he could clearly see both brothers, hating himself a little bit for how unsettled he was by their presence.
finished their food.  By then, Sam and Dean were both three beers deep and feeling a buzz.  If it was possible, the fog seemed to have gotten thicker as night – and the temperature – descended.
Dean could understand that easily enough.  Humans were as strange to angels as angels were to humans and Cas had always been a little cautious around them anyway.  Never really talked about himself or his kind unless it was necessary and Dean had always gotten the impression that he was almost shy about himself.  Or else he was worried he might freak the brothers out if he let himself go too much.
Dean blinked, sitting up straighter in his chair and hearing warning bells going off in his head.  “Don’t just say that because you think it’s what we want to hear.”  Even though it absolutely
Castiel cocked his head to the side and narrowly caught a laugh between his teeth.  Dean was staring at him challengingly, arms crossed over his chest in the way that meant he had planted himself on this pyre and was prepared to burn.
A brief look of curiosity mixed with something too close to pity for Castiel’s liking crossed Sam’s face.
Praying for patience – and for the sudden ability to understand humans – Castiel stood and started pacing, feeling the open wound that was the sigil in his chest pull at the edges of his skin.
Sam leaned heavily against him, mushing their shoulders together, and stared at the side of Castiel’s face.
The next day Dean had told Sam everything he'd overheard and extended an offer for Hannah to stay with them.  Permanently, if she wanted.  He'd kept it light, slapped Cas on the shoulder and said something about already fostering one angel, what was one more?
“Shut up, Sammy,” Dean warned, his voice likely rumbling from his chest and right up into Cas’ ear if the way he suddenly started moving was anything to judge by.  He turned his head until he felt Cas’ hair brush his lips and, more quietly, asked, “You awake, Cas?”
Castiel’s eyes closed briefly.  “The corner of my eye, but…I never could remember what happened after that.”
“Cas, slow down.”  He placed his hands over Cas’ and gently pried them off his chest, holding them.  They were icy cold.  “It’s
Hauling a breath through his nose, long and steady, did little to help calm his grace and he sighed sharply.
With a sigh and an ache in his bones that didn’t belong in a forty year old, Dean heaved himself from the car and made for the door that lead in to the bunker.
Cas had sunk low enough under that his mouth and nose were submerged, the arches of his wings poking out behind him.  But at Dean’s question, he rose enough so that he could speak.
Dean gave a start, “Crowley mentioned that,” he blurted, hating that Crowley knew something so fundamental about Cas that Dean hadn’t.
They’d been wary through Dean’s rushed explanation, which was nothing less than what Dean expected of two hunters.  As a group, they tended to be mistrustful of anything that wasn’t human – mostly because they only seemed to run in to the bad ones – so hearing Dean say that he and Sam were not only very good friends with someone that wasn’t even close to human, but that he was also living with them was a bit for them to digest.
The flint, as it turned out, was needed to light a tiny little burner inside a metal dome on the alchemy table and as soon as Cas got it lit, he was pulling a bunch of dried plants out of the satchel on his hip and sifting through them efficiently, like he'd done it a hundred times before.
They were standing in a dip in the rolling hills, unable to see over the rise on either side of them.  In most places the ground tapered down towards the river and if he turned around, Dean could see a bit farther back from where they'd come between either bank of the creek.  But that was it.
But Cas grabbed at his shirt, breathed a single, harsh breath against his base of his throat, and pushed away.
He shifted his focus, still aware of the smells swirling under his nose and wrapping both hands around his mug of coffee.  It made his palms hot while the backs of his hands stayed cold from the fall breeze.
- even felt that way.  He'd never shown interest in anyone, man or woman, as far as Dean knew.  Maybe he just...didn't look at people like that.  Social interaction seemed to confuse the poor guy at the best of times and Dean could only imagine the confusion - and possibly fear - Cas would feel if he found out what Dean was thinking about whenever he looked at him.
The metallic bang of a hammer on metal snapped Dean’s gaze to the right.  A woman in a dirty crimson dress and a heavy black apron stood beside an open pit with stones piled neatly all around it in a circle, heat waves distorting the air above it.  Judging by the sandstone wheel, tanning rack, and metal working bench nearby, Dean supposed it was an actual, real life, blacksmith.  The forge pit was nestled up against one wall of a large building - a shop of some kind - and the grey stones that had been stacked as a backsplash to keep the sparks from traveling too far seemed to be part of that building.  Thick wooden pillars embedded in the face of the shop held up a green shingled roof, off which was hanging a wooden signs that said simply "
“What do you want?” Dean asked, uninterested in playing games.  The clock on the wall was ticking louder and louder, reminding him that at any moment Cas could come walking into the library.
For a while Castiel just lay there, shifting the meager amount of grace in his wings to heal the incisions he had made in his back to connect them to his vessel.  He slowly, tediously, knit the skin together just enough to stop the bleeding, fusing it to the scarred skin at the base of his wings until his vessel and his wings were one entity.  There was barely enough grace stored in his wings to do it, and it felt like it took hours and hours just to stop the bleeding and heal just a single layer of skin.  But he managed it.
There was a wind strong enough to sweep the dead leaves across the long driveway and Castiel gratefully spread his wings, curving them to catch the breeze and smelling all the things it had picked up on its journey to him.
Most of his entire left shoulder blade was an angry red and purple bruise.  Not a single break in the skin, all the bleeding was happening underneath.
it was.  He’d thought it would be terrifying, saying it out loud, but it was more terrifying to imagine Cas
But Cas merely bit at his already swollen lips, rocking in Dean's lap again and Dean was momentarily distracted, hissing with the sharp stab of heat lancing through him with every movement Cas made against him.
Dean swallowed, a very strange emotion welling in his chest as he took in the market and its patrons.  He couldn’t quite put a finger on it, but it left his throat feeling tight.  These were just…normal people.  Going about their lives, on their planet, under their sun.  Children playing and people working and taking lunch breaks and chatting and laughing and buying food for their families…
He soaked the linen cloth into the hot water, watching the little purple flowers – lavender Cas had said – swirling around his wrists.  He was going to smell like a flower shop but he guessed that was better than smelling like a farm animal.  Besides which, when he wrung out the cloth and dragged it over his skin it actually felt nice to wipe away the sweat and grime of the last few, hectic, mind-bending days.
But by the time the woman managed to convince the guards that the trio had stolen something from her, they were already disappearing into the woods, Dean trying to simultaneously make sure he didn't lose sight of Cas weaving between the trees like some kind of fucking wood sprite while also not tripping over roots or rocks as he ran.
The three humans were all still sitting on the floor where Castiel had left them, looking just as wrung out as Castiel felt.
Dean said nothing, but Castiel wasn’t sure he wanted him to.  The man’s silences often revealed more than his words.
“You sure are using a lot of big words just to say you tried to steal and got caught with your hand in the cookie jar,” Dean smirked, finally able to breathe properly again.
Blinking, Dean looked around quickly, expecting to see the angel standing serenely nearby, like he always did while Sam and Dean gathered themselves after a flight.  But Cas was nowhere to be found and a spike of worry wasted no time shoving itself down Dean's throat.
In his peripheral vision he could see Cas’ head swinging this way and that; could see how he reached up to grip the seatbelt over his chest; could practically feel the sudden nervousness rolling off the angel in waves and Dean felt his stomach roll, quite sure he knew what it was Cas was thinking.
The twitch in Dean's lips was genuine this time.  “Well, worse comes to worse we have some emergency fire starters in the trunk,” Dean reassured him.
Cas stood on the other side of the body and wrenched the arrow from his eye with a sickening squelch, shaking off some of the...juices and then ripped the second arrow out of the Orc's chest, sliding them back into his quiver.
It was well after they had gotten their breathing under control, just when they were wondering if they should go back for the angel, when Cas came strolling around a gentle bend in the road, his wings sleek and close to his back once more.
God he'd fucked up so bad.  Hannah new something was up.  God dammit why had he kissed Cas?  He knew the angel was spoken for and it was his own god damn fault he hadn't just gotten his shit together and told Cas how he felt the million and a half times the universe had lined up the opportunity for him.  Now Cas finally had something – though maybe he'd had it all along if that story about the tigers was anything to go by – with Hannah, someone he loved and trusted and who loved and trusted him back, and Dean had just gone and royally fucked it up for him.
His knees nearly gave out and a sound that was as much relieved as anguished punched from his chest.  He felt like he’d finally gotten circulation back to his heart after weeks of it being squeezed dry.
“Talking about it can help, Cas,” Sam patiently explained.  “It can be easier, if it happens again, to remember it isn't real.”
Cas raised his hand to look at the thick silver band on his finger, spinning it with his thumb.  “Yes.  It was given to me last time I was in Tamriel.  It's has a regeneration enchantment on it, which is very useful, given that I am cut off from the etheric plane.  When I use my powers there it is impossible to draw energy from the ether simply because it is not there, so I have to regenerate it myself.” He held up his hand when both brothers came forward to look.  “The enchantment allows me to use my grace but expend less energy and, at the same time, helps me regenerate my grace faster once it has been depleted.”
Hannah opened her mouth, eyes dancing, but Castiel quickly said, “No, thank you.” and shoved her through the doorway, following her inside.
." his breath hitched and his hands loosened on the angel's shoulders, sliding up to cup either side of his face gently. "Come back - once more, just one more time, Cas,
Dean pulled a nearby chair to his bedside and reached out, gently wrapping his fingers around Castiel’s wrist and carefully pulling his arm away from where it was tucked against the angel’s body.
of someone pacing.  Probably Dean.  The hum of electricity from the wires in the walls and the lights in the ceilings was like the buzz of angry bees.  Somewhere, someone turned on a faucet, and the old pipes shuddered and moaned in the walls.  The recycled air was stagnant and dry and he chose not to breathe it in, for now.  He’d have to, when he next saw the brothers, so as not to unnerve them with his presence any further than he already did.
They did that sometimes too, spar for fun.  Play fighting.  Whatever you wanted to call it.  It was hard to tell, though, because apparently, even when they were just doing it for fun, angels didn't fuck around. Sam and Dean had come home from a hunt not long after Hannah had officially moved in – as much as an angel could move in to a concrete box under the ground – and had found them sparring in the weapons room.
When the angel didn’t stir, Dean reached out again, telling himself that it was no big deal, that Cas wouldn’t mind.  He needed to wake Cas up.  There was no reason this touch couldn’t
, “We got him on suicide watch right now.  My brother, Sam, is…is with him.  Cas gave us his blade this morning and told us we need to hide it from him because he almost drove it through his own chest.”  He scrubbed at his eyes, “I was right down the hall.  I wouldn’t even have known until…”
The switchbacks eventually ended and the soft pathway, that had mostly been layers and layers of pine needles, merged with a wider, well-maintained road with neatly laid cobblestones.  The intersection sat in the bottom of another hanging valley, the pine trees thinning enough to allow clumps of grass and some flowering bushes to grow between them.  Behind them, the throat of the world rose up like a wall and, in front of them, the earth dropped away.  To either side, the forest covered the mountains stretching away from them like a thick carpet, and a few close snow-capped peaks were visible through the gathering fog.
sense.”  He took a moment to rub the palms of his hands into his eyes, hard.  “I’m not really sure what to do here, Dean.  We didn’t have many books on angels to begin with and I’ve been through all of them three times over.  There’s nothing in any of them besides how to summon, trap, and kill them.”
“Same as last time,” Cas quietly reminded them as they walked through the entrance hall.  “Let me do the talking.”
"If it comes to that, Sam will be fine, Cas," Dean reassured, reaching out to give him a pat on the shoulder.  "He's a big boy, a little cold isn't going to kill him."
“A fine choice,” Thorygg told him, reaching down into the trunk as well.  “But I think this one suits you better.”
Castiel’s eyes focused minutely and his eyebrows twitched like he wanted to frown.  “But what if they try to hurt me – what if they hold me down again?”
Swift and silent, Cas drew an arrow and pulled the string to his cheek, taking aim for only a fraction of a second before releasing the bow.  The arrow slipped through the air, a deadly whisper, and lodged itself into the base of the necromancer's skull, crumpling him like a rag doll.
“I know,” Dean told him softly, and the words twisted like a knife in his chest.  “I know you don’t understand, Cas, and that’s part of the problem.  You don’t understand that it’s not ok how little you care about yourself.  You don’t understand that you’re not alright.” He took a deep breath, “You don’t understand that you dying would kill me too.”  He stared straight ahead and focused on a rivulet of water running down the windshield.  “I wouldn’t get over that, Cas.  Not ever.”
The brothers were looking at him with concern but Castiel didn’t understand why.  He felt better than he had in some time.  Though it was hard to say if he was feeling better or just feeling
That had been embarrassing, Castiel suddenly recalled – declaring that he'd saved the Righteous Man and then nearly causing his head to explode.
After he mixed it he would always hold the mug with both hands, letting the heat seep into his skin and move over to lean against the counter, his bare shoulder to Dean's clothed on.
“So where is he?”  Cesar asked.  “I’ve heard you talk about him the last few times we called to check in.  I kind of expected him to be here.”
The hands had finally left him alone, at least; let him curl into a ball on whatever cold, hard surface he was on now. He'd forgotten, after all those years of being distracted by fiery agony, how
Surely there was nothing for him to feel guilty about here.  The sedatives should be gone from Cas’ system, mostly, and Cas had rolled over onto him of his own – albeit, somewhat unconscious – volition.  And it wasn’t as if Cas hadn’t reached out to him on his own before this.  During all that time spent trying to get Cas used to physical touch, Castiel had started touching back.  Leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder while they watched Netflix or grabbing his hand in the grocery store to drag Dean over to a perfect pyramid of oranges.
For the first time in his very long life, Castiel’s head was empty.  He felt as he had back at that gas station in Colorado.  Like he’d just been banished and his head was full of static.
Naomi was the name that was attached to those memories and Castiel’s guts churned.  Was he in her chair again? These shackles didn’t feel nearly as solid as what she normally used to restrain him.  Perhaps he could break them.
He felt unwelcome.  He felt like they were going to be shot dead as soon as they breached the gates.  But they had passed a dozen guards, on their way across the bridge.  None of them had said anything to them.
"That's what you get for not eating for two days, Cas," Dean said, rolling his own window down a crack.
"Sam, come on, help me get him to the car." Dean grunted, unable to deal with the fact that Castiel was fucking disappointed that Dean hadn't stabbed him in the heart.
He’d obviously blown the lights in his panic. In the eerie red glow, the floor glittered menacingly and Castiel couldn’t help but appreciate the symbolism.  Though he was beginning to tire of the universe’s sense of humor.  The path ahead was indeed going to be painful.
The blade was slippery and it slid from his lax fingers, clattering to the floor.  This was messy, but not as messy as it would have been without the incisions.
“Crowley said he’d rehabbed a few too.  Maybe he’d be able to help Cas, you know, get better.  Since we’re not turning out to be super great at it.”
bring anything electronic or anything you would not find,” he glanced at Dean, “in medieval Europe.  No phones, lighters, flashlights, electronics or guns.  It will only attract
He silently thanked whatever gods might be listening out here that they would not have to build a fire themselves and sleep in the snow.
Castiel’s expression softened.  “You’re welcome.  Please do not hide injuries, Dean.  I will tell you if a task is beyond my well of power.  While it is not infinite here, my strength runs deeper than you think, and you know as well as I that if you go into a fight injured that you are a liability.”
Castiel cleared his mind and tensed.  He would only need a split second, just a blink, and he could free himself.
Cas was only halfway into the pool, chewing absently on a stick of fresh coconut with a frown, likely realizing that he’d have to get his wings wet if he wanted those flowers.
Cas moved with a fluidity he couldn't seem to achieve when his wings were hidden.  For that matter, so did Hannah, and Dean now suspected there was a reason behind why every angel he'd ever met looked like they had a stick up their ass.  It must be extremely uncomfortable to sever a piece of yourself and stash it in another plane of existence, and both Cas and Hannah's entire body language changed immediately whenever they had to hide their wings; back to the stiff posture and limited movements and tense muscles.
“Liar,” Cas countered, drawing his bowstring tighter.  “Someone slaughtered the Greybeards and I think it was you.”
Dean remained stubbornly in the doorway, a shifting mass of colours and human.  Mostly green, almost the same shade as his eyes, shifted to deeper browns and reds, and his feet inched out into a wider stance.
before someone came back through the door.  It was Mike and he had a thin manilla folder in his hand.
Mainly, at the moment, that meant Cas and their mother.  But mostly Cas.  Mary had seemed to adjust shockingly well to being alive.  But she was human, talking to her and predicting what she might need from them was much easier and more natural than with Cas.
Cas stepped off the road and passed between the houses, coming to a stop at the edge of the river, gaze sweeping down stream.
. “He was in really bad trouble.  Almost died,” he choked on the absurdity of the short summary of what was probably one of the top five most miserable months of his life.
“Right, so Jenassa left Helgen and would have passed through Riverwood to get to Whiterun is what you're thinking?”  Dean asked just to clarify.
Dean refused to let his eyes slide away and made himself admit that, “No, he doesn’t feel safe here.”
After sharing a glance with his brother, Dean pushed his own mug aside and decided to grab the conversation by the horns.
Both brothers paid the shops no mind.  Dean wasn’t sure he had the mental capacity to take anything else in for the day.
He hadn’t realized how stiffly he’d been holding himself, straining against Sam’s hold, and he forced his muscles to soften.
For a moment, Dean hesitated, seeing an eager spark in Castiel's blue eyes.  Cas would leave the decision up to Dean, ultimately, but there was no doubt he was itching for a fight.  He thought that maybe Cas had just been better at hiding it when he was a full blown angel, but since becoming human, Cas' ingrained instinct to fight and snuff out the dark things in the world had become much more evident.
He assumed Dean wanted an explanation for the drama that had unfolded over the last few hours…or however long it had been.
The room was dark and Dean could just see enough from the light coming from the hall to make out the desk lamp shattered on the floor and the figure huddled in the corner next to it.
Dean picked up the pace and caught up to his companions, glancing over his shoulder.  But the little girl was gone, probably off declaring her bravery in another part of the city.  She had seemed like a perfectly normal – if somewhat hyper – non-alien child.
“There, that’s much better isn’t it?” Liam asked, drawing Cas’ attention back to him.  He had an easy smile on his lips and reached up to push his glasses further up his nose, peering at Cas through them with bright, kind eyes.
Sorry I couldn’t protect Sam.  Sorry I couldn’t fight off Rowena’s spell.  Sorry I nearly beat you to death.  Sorry you had to come get me because I wasn’t paying attention and got banished.  Sorry I couldn’t tell you apart from a nightmare.  Sorry I can’t seem to do anything right.
He frowned as Sam’s calm expression scrunched into one of concern as soon as he spotted Castiel standing at the massive table, bleeding from more places than what he was probably expecting.
gesture in Dean's general direction and the hunter stepped aside, watching, slack-jawed, as Cas ducked back into the tent.
A family of hunters was likely already incredibly uncomfortable with an unstable angel in their space when they still looked human; Castiel could not imagine the blend of human and monster they were seeing now.
The trio moved to the base of the stairs and listened, sharing a look when they heard the sounds of people moving around on the level above.  Bless stone walls for muffling sounds so effectively.
been trapped in the relentless grip of its coils.  Had he ever been free?  He wasn’t sure of anything other than the two fangs lodged in his skull.
“There is an Inn - at least, the Greybeards said there should be.  I hope their information was accurate.  I have a passing knowledge of some areas of Skyrim but I only ever flew over on my way to and from Cyrodiil.  If Whiterun turns out to be as big a town as the Greybeards promised, then we will buy a room for a few nights and gather as much information as we can.  We’ll need a map, directions, supplies, weapons, armor, food…We'll also need to speak to the Jarl, as I was told by the Greybeards in their message that he may have some useful information on their missing person.”
Cas had his knees drawn loosely to his chest, his arms folded against his stomach and his head resting against the wall with his eyes closed.  The bruise on the side of his face was a violent purple now and his bad shoulder was against the wall, hidden from Dean’s view.
Silence for a moment, and then Sam’s large hand was pressing against the top of his wing.  When Castiel offered a small, grateful smile, the weight of Sam’s hand settled more fully.
Dean knew his eyebrows were hovering somewhere up near his hairline but it couldn’t be helped.  There were a lot of moments in his life where he remembered being proud of his little brother but, right now, this one shined above them all.
The afternoon sun was climbing upwards, but clouds were gathering to intercept it.  In the small patch of sky between the mountains on either side of them turned grey as they trudged along.  Sooner than seemed natural, heavy clouds had blocked out the sun, leaving the trio to push along the road under the promise of a storm.
Dean rested his elbows on the table and grabbed at his hair. This conversation was turning out to be just as much of a disaster as he knew it would. He killed Satan twice but when he tries to tell someone how much he cares about them he ends up harping like dying seal.
The little huts were square, the wooden planks painted with peeling sky blue color that stood little chance against the salt-infused air.  Dean trod up the sturdy steps of the first one he reached and glanced at the small deck, complete with a railing you could lean on and watch over the water.  There was no door, just an open archway into the single room, but the walls were insulated and there was a floor between their feet and the sand.  On either side of the shack there had been built simple wooden benches, well wide enough for a person to lay down on comfortably – bring your own linens, though.
The very second Cas called…Dean would drop the mug in his hands, let it shatter on the floor, and run to the car.
“Can you tell me what happened?” Liam pushed, speaking softly now, watching closely as Cas began to withdraw again.  He took another step closer.
Cas turned away from them a bit, and Dean wondered why until he began to beat his wings, slow and powerful, the sound of it like the deep
Something shuddered loose inside him and those little seeds in his head grew roots that curled gently down into the heart of him.
“Ok, putting a pin in the first thing 'cause I definitely wanna know why you and your buddies are name-checked in a book...where the heck is Ivarstead?”  Dean asked.  “The name sounds kind of Viking-ish.  Is it on the east coast or something?”
He forced himself to breathe, having to fight hard against the turbulent waters muddying his mind to do so, and let himself lean in to Sam, grateful for how they both ignored the way he curled his fist into the flannel shirt under his hand.  It was warm and soft and something to hold on to while he tried not to let it show how uncomfortable he was that Dean was inching closer.
Dean looked back around and saw Cas climbing the stairs to – his eyes darted to the sign beside the door – The Bannered Mare.  Just in front of the angel, a man so large and muscular he made Cas look small in comparison was pushing the double-doors open and Dean blinked at the massive hammer strapped to his well-armored back, the handle of which was reaching as far up over his shoulder as Cas' wings did.
Here, where the creek forced a part in the tree tops and allowed the sun to reach the ground, there were lush green saplings and leafy plants growing in abundance, lining the edge of the trickling water and clinging to the stones and earth slopping down.  The well-traveled path hugged the rocky drop off, curving around a natural bowl formation that had been carved out by the waterfall, leaving a deep pool of water at the bottom, so clear they could see the sand and small stones at the bottom. Directly across the water from the trail, the terrain rose up sharply again and in every nook and cranny in the rocky wall there were tufts of lush green moss and small plants that had somehow managed to find a foothold and put down roots.
"We're stopping for the night, Cas," he advised quietly, calmly.  The leather of his own jacket was warm under his fingers.
Cas pulled away, both hands dragging down Dean's torso as he sat up. "Come. Teach me to make coffee."
A few hours passed uneventfully after that – well, that was according to Cas.  Dean hadn't been allowed to bring his watch but the angel would glance up at the stars and simply rattle off the time.   Around two in the morning, Cas wandered out into the clearing behind the little shack, every so often bending down to look at a plant or reaching out to cup little glowing bugs in his hands.  Once in a while he'd flex one wing or the other at his back and occasionally stare up at the night sky.
His mouth twisted down with a niggling of worry, trying to make a plan should the need arise.  Smashing any phones or cameras and threats would probably work.  They usually did.
– Cas woke up; said it might be close to the comfort of a distressed angel wrapping itself in it's own wings.
“And I…I don’t know what I’d do if you left me, Cas,” he mumbled, staring at the dew on Cas’ skin rather than looking into those heavy blue eyes.  “It hurts, knowing how much
Besides them, the only other people they had seen so far were the two guards up ahead, standing rigid on either side of the two massive wooden doors that led into the city.
But Liam spoke first, his blue eyes suddenly challenging.  “If you can look me in the eye and tell me you’ve never treated Castiel differently simply
And while Sam and Dean both took a few slack-jawed steps back, Liam stayed where he was, white hair and green coattails flapping wildly in the gale Cas was generating, peering intently through his glasses and observing with an intense frown like he was carefully analyzing a new puzzle.  His eyes flicked this way and that over Cas, likely taking in things Dean didn’t even know where there
Unlike last night, in the delicate light of the fire and the fragility of their new surroundings, today the morning light revealed a dangerous quality of Cas' wings.  Something lethal looking that was veiled only by their sleek appearance.  The feathers were soft and so smooth that they almost looked rigid.  But every now and then a few would catch on the breeze and flutter wildly before snapping cleanly back in to place, showcasing their flexibility.  The angel’s wings, when looked at as a whole, had a deceptive strength to them that gave Dean hope that they weren’t as breakable as they had initially seemed.   Like punching a velvet pillow and breaking your hand on the hidden stone underneath.
He glanced up at the door leading out into the woods beyond the bunker, trying not to give off the feel of a prisoner about to pull a file from his pocket.
“Yep!  Counted them myself once on my way up.”  Wilhelm grinned around the mouth of the bottle and Dean's respect for him jumped up a few pegs because it seemed a lot like climbing mount Everest.  “I sometimes take supplies up to the Greybeards when I can, but I find myself able to make the journey less and less as they years go by.”  Subconsciously, he rubbed at his left knee.
Cas watched him closely, watched him the same way Dean had been watching Cas for the last month – like he was a cornered animal – and he forced himself to relax as much as he could.
Dean wondered again what the point of the shallow motes were, other than just looking kind of nice.  Maybe that was their point.
“Oh my Jehovah, are you angel-blushing?”  Dean teased with a wide grin, delighted when those little feathers rose even more.
.  Wanna find some food,”  Dean reiterated, easing his foot off the gas pedal when it started raining lightly, so light the water hit the windshield more like mist than rain.
Heat flared in the hunter's face but he ignored it.  “Judging by your reaction I'm guessing I thought wrong.”
“But it will take some preparation.”  Castiel cast a mild glare towards Dean, ignoring the fact that his vessel was tossing bile around like it was thinking of ejecting some.  “I did not rescue you both from Hell – on two separate occasions – just to burn your eyes out a few years later.”
.  He woke up as close to human as an angel can get.  He had no money, god knows how many pissed off angels trying to find him and no time to stop and rest.  Of
“Well you haven't eaten anything since that bit of bread in Ivarstead,” Sam tsked a little, reclining in the wooden chair at the table.
On the battlefield there was no time for this wordless dance that humans liked to do when they spoke to one another.
was staring up at him stupidly, its bushy brown tail sticking straight out behind it in shock.  Clearly it was just as surprised to see Dean.
Too out of sorts to stop himelf, Dean pulled a face.  What the hell was a Hoarker?  It sounded like something ugly.
Dean surged to his feet, not having to fake any of the relief and gratitude he was feeling.  “That would be awesome – thank you.  His name is Castiel.”
Dean scoffed, ready to laugh, but then he saw Sam's face go slack and his spine stiffen, pulling him upright in his chair like someone had shoved rebar up his ass.  He looked back to Cas, taking in his calm expression and realized...
do to him if he actually tells us the truth that he resorted to making up something completely ridiculous.”
know that he could go to therapy for the rest of his life and never sort through all the crap that was swirling around in his head these days.
leach into the rest of Tamriel?  If Septim hadn't sacrificed what he had, Skyrim would likely not even exist -
Dean’s anger had officially evaporated and been replaced by that heart-squeezing, gut-wrenching sensation of helpless protectiveness.  When he moved to unbutton Castiel’s shirt – he’d given the angel one of his plaid button-ups because it was easier for him to get on than a tshirt – Cas flinched again and Dean’s heart throbbed.
“The reason I took a vessel in the first place was to be able to walk among humans unnoticed,” Cas told him, his words slow like he was trying to work out what Dean
“Never mind, it's not the kind of job you're looking for,” Cas told them firmly, as if he'd just decided that for them.
“They high profile or something?”  he prompted.  “We've tracked down tons of people before.  Who do you want us to find?”  He watched Cas' face closely but all he did was press his full lips together a little more firmly.
And hiding away in a dark hole for that long was not normal for either humans or angels, Castiel reminded himself.
While not technically true, they certainly weren't anywhere that was likely to have a diner open on a Sunday.  They were just coming up on the outskirts of what looked like a fishing village right out of a Maine tourism booklet.  There were small houses dotted along the edge of the shore line and pushing up into the rocky hills across from it.  The fog and mist drifting in from the water hovered around the houses, making the paint look even more dull and weathered than it already was.  The lights in the windows kept it from being creepy.
As they approached the gates, Dean tried and failed not to stare too hard at the first people he was seeing on an alien planet.  They looked…normal.  Like people, at least. The only odd thing about them was their clothing, which, again, was giving Dean some serious medieval vibes, but it was hard to make out any details from this distance. The most disconcerting thing was their helmets, which covered their entire head and left only two black holes, which Dean chose to believe had very normal eyes behind them.
Dean felt his shoulders tighten almost subconsciously.  There was nothing quite like the sight of two angels suddenly turning identical looks of petulant angelic irritation on you to make the hair on the back of your neck stand up.
For a while after that, while Sam and Dean decided to forgo rocks to line the fire pit and just started digging a hole, Castiel and Hannah argued.  Which is the say, Castiel sat down on his tree while Hannah outlined exactly why he
It had been a long time since he’d seen that look on the angel’s face, and Dean hadn’t realized how much he’d missed it.  He recalled, fondly now but annoyed back then, watching Cas pulling everything out of his toiletry bag and inspecting each item like the lost relics of some ancient civilization. Or staring through a most intense frown while he tried to understand the philosophical message he assumed was hidden somewhere in a Bugs Bunny cartoon.  He’d watched Cas blink with wide-eyed fascination the first time Bobby happened to make a pot of coffee while he was there, head tilting when the percolator gurgled at him.  He’d grinned when Cas had once pulled the cap off his tooth paste and sniffed it, recoiling.
“Alright then.  Con three, we’d have to work with Crowley again.  And talk to him again.  And see him again.”
Cas glanced around, as if making sure no one could hear before he answered.  “It's actually an Imperial bow that Elrindir traded from a solider passing through the city a few weeks ago.”
Castiel pulled back, biting his bottom lip through a smile and looking shyly up at Dean through his eyelashes in a way that had Dean torn between the heart melting
“There is a forest off the coast a few miles North of here,” Castiel said serenely, before he blinked and looked down at his feet, taking a step back as if he'd suddenly found he was standing on something.
“Then you need to take this from me and hide it.  You need to hide it well, do you understand?  I will find it if you don’t," he warned without inflection in his voice, likely sounding like a reanimated corpse.
The room was dark; so dark he couldn’t see a thing when he managed to peel his eyes open and panic clogged his throat, making him startle badly when a door slammed shut somewhere outside his room.
This was one of those questions Dean liked to ask him and then get mad at his answer, so he made an attempt to skirt around the real issue, hoping the hunter would drop the subject for both their sake. “I tried to carve the sigil again and couldn’t.”  he felt the spiderweb of pain arch through his chest as a ghost at the memory and shame writhed, slimy and hot, against his consciousness.  “I couldn’t do it,” he repeated.  “Because it
Castiel's gaze snapped down to him, looking annoyed.  “Yes, I know.  But I haven't found any yet and she can't get
“You need to rest, Cas, not use up your grace healing some scratch.”  The hands on his shoulders eased their grip a little.
Dean grunted, feeling unnerved by the entire thing but not being able to put a finger on why.  He chalked it up to being on an alien planet surrounded by alien people and alien customs and being totally out of his element and hurried to catch up to his one link to the only world they knew.
While the kettle boiled, Cas stood at the counter beside Dean, picking through the tin and inspecting bits of dried fruit.  At the table, Liam and Sam sat across from each other and chatted quietly about Liam’s very long journey from the UK.
“We got the flowers,” Sam told him and Cas mumbled something back that Dean couldn’t hear but had Sam grinning and huffing a laugh.
The troll made Cas look smaller than he was, even with his wings fanned out, but his aggressive display was making even the troll pause and rethink.  Cas’ feet were set wide, ready to move quickly, and even from where Dean was fifty paces away now, he could see the blue light of Castiel's grace gathering in his eyes.
Dean felt an unhappy tug in his gut at the thought of Cas being so far away in such a volatile looking climate with no backup.
That was an understatement, thought Dean.  The angel's behavior was alarming and upsetting; struggling to hold on to a thought long enough to get it out of his mouth, stumbling over his words and breaking away from one conversation to start another.
She tensed for a second but then straightened, reluctantly moving off to the side so she could look behind her without turning her back to Cas and the brothers.
Castiel's fingers were digging into him hard, one hand hooked around the back of his shoulder and the other arm curled around his ribs, and his breathing was a ragged.
it was to be worried about giving his blade to a hunter when he had just contemplated using it to kill himself anyway.
He wanted to tell them that Enochian was so much easier. Those syllables rolled off his tongue more comfortably than any other language, but he found the same words in English and said it again anyway, uncaring that his native tongue dug heavily into the pronunciation.
Dean snorted, his heart finally calming in his chest.  He readjusted his armor, pulling it back into place from where it had been jostled while he ran.
It was one of the bits that had been left behind – the memory of food and what any of it tasted like – and Dean was eager to help him re-learn. If it was one form of comfort he excelled at, it was food.
And looked up to see Sam, Cesar and Jessy all staring at him with shit eating grins.  Sam even had his chin resting in his hands.
Still reeling from the fact that he’d forgotten something as cosmic as Sam and Dean’s mother returning from the grave, Castiel merely tilted his head to the side, thoroughly blindsided, his wings still spread and frozen on either side of him.
come to and end and the clouds shifted, the solid mass over their heads breaking apart into turbulent clumps that began to move steadily across the sky in the growing wind.
Nonetheless, he felt compelled to at least attempt to ease the tension and extend an olive branch.  Sam and Dean did not need another reason to kick him out of the bunker when they had so many already.  If he could sooth Mary’s dislike of him for a little while longer, tactically, it was in his best interest.
“So, listen.  We're looking for someone,” Dean started, all false cheeriness gone.  “A dark elf.  Female.”  The words sounded so ridiculous in his head but he tried to make them sound less bulky on his tongue than they felt.  “She would have passed through here a few months ago right after the dragon attack on Helgen.  You remember seeing anything?”
Dean hesitated, watching his brother leave, before following.  Sam didn’t get to make that kind of call on his own.
Carefully, he set his mug on the table, his hand trembling and chest shuddering with the sudden revelation.
At the outskirts of the farming community, where the road intersected another, they passed by two large log houses with a modest sign outside that read “Honningbrew Meadery”.
He forced the images away, refusing to have another panic attack over something that hadn’t happened, and instead focused on what he could do to make sure it never did.
They watched him twist at the waist, tracking the movement of whatever oblivious patrol was walking over their heads, and then suddenly the arrow was whistling through the air and the dull thud of it hitting its mark made Dean relax.
Dean and Sam could see it too.  A wide arch in the stones, big enough to let a wagon through and without any gates.
The last one screamed in rage, spit flying from it's fangs, and Dean rushed forward - but Cas was faster.  The angel's first darted out in a blur and collided with the vamps face so hard Dean could hear the wet sound of bones being crushed.  The scream of rage cut off abruptly and the vamp hit the dusty floor like a sack of potatoes.
The blanket had slid off his shoulders when he moved and Castiel tugged it up again, just narrowly halting the urge to try and flex his wings.
Dean was standing in the open doorway when he paused and turned, his eyes falling on Castiel once more.
“No grounds?”  Mike fairly growled.  He sat forward himself, matching Sam’s calm and confidence inch for inch, but the tell was in his eyes.  They glinted with something more personal than a cop’s run-of-the-mill distaste for a potential criminal; there was something deeper there.  “When we got to that motel –”
But though he still struggled with emotions and ate and slept and could no longer lift the fridge with one hand, there were still undeniably angelic features that Castiel retained.   His grace, though heavily scared, was still strong.  But instead of using it to smite demons and destroy things, he’d taken to spending hours a day in the forest around the bunker – helping things grow.
He was considerably more well dressed than the three of them.  He wore a chainmail tunic, over which was a vest with overlapping leather scales.  A swatch of mustard yellow canvas fabric wrapped around his shoulders and down his front, held in place by some thin leather straps, likely to help ward off the chilly night air.  His boots looked sturdy and were lined with fur that looked like it might have been white once.
been and he told himself to be grateful because it probably wouldn't last forever. So he let himself drift again.
The change in Cas was immediate.  Somehow, his posture became even more rigid and when he stood it was mechanical and smooth, like a robot.  His expression was eerily blank, even more so than it had been all day, eyes lifeless and cold.
Dean looked…vaguely traumatized and Castiel frowned.  His green eyes were wide and shining with too much for Castiel to sort through.  He was rubbing the palms of his hands on his jeans and staring at Castiel as if he were a house of poorly stacked cards on a windy day.
Dean’s other hand came to rest on the side of his face and Castiel stared blankly, nonplused, as Dean’s thumb slid under his chin, gently urging him to look up a little more.
Human emotions had corrupted him; twisted him in to something that not only fantasied about its own demise, but contemplated indulging in that fantasy.
“Look, Cas, we know it's really hard to talk about stuff like this.  No one wants to admit they might need some help -”
Cas looked cold, Dean thought numbly.  He had both hands wrapped around the mug as if he sought to siphon its warmth into his own blood.  He was wearing a heavy, military green jacket that was done all the way up under his chin while everyone else in the diner was in tshirts and his face and lips looked paler than Dean remembered, like his body had pulled all the blood inward to keep his organs warm.
"Uh, you can go first," Dean muttered, looking away when Cas' tongue slid out to catch a drop of rain water caught in the bow of his lips.
They let him go, didn't chase after him or demand more words from him, and it helped ease a little of the tension thrumming through his limbs.  But under his skin, his injured grace still bucked and heaved with the instinct to fight off a threat – even if the threat was his own muddled mind.
When he looked through the peep hole he swore under his breath upon seeing two police officers standing outside.
“That,” Dean swallowed, “That doesn’t make sense.  Why would you bind an angel just to slowly kill it?  You’d bind an angel to
He breathed deeply at the memory, warmth filling him just as it did every time he remembered how much Cas had grown to trust him again. And this time he'd earned it.
“Oh my g-” Cas cut himself off before he could finish the blasphemous statement, his eyes going a little wide, before returning the bowl to his lips.  Mere seconds later the bowl was empty.
“Uh, we have a problem,” Sam suddenly declared, coming to a halt.  Again.  His head was turned, looking back over his shoulder at their destination. “I think our shelter is actually a pond.  I caught sight of it right before the clouds...”
Something inside him felt like it was icing over and an unfamiliar prickling sensation behind his eyes made him blink.
“What about Hannah?”  Castiel suddenly asked, some of the feathers flattening like he was making a conscious effort to mask his blush.  He was only partially successful.
Dean could have stopped and appreciated the handiwork of every door they passed, but Sam and Cas were already well ahead of him and there was a little girl running towards him down the road, a wide grin on her face, brown hair flapping wildly behind her.  On her hip, there was a small wooden sword that looked like it had seen many battles.
He paced like a caged lion.  “What’s your name anyway?”  he snapped.  After all, it had been a while since he’d updated his shit list.
“You had a hairline fracture in your sternum.  Just so you know,” Castiel informed him with a scowl.  “That could have developed into a problem, or worse, if you were to get hit again.”
Neither Mike nor Calwell came through the door again, only an nameless officer came every four hours to let him use the bathroom.  When he was escorted back, there was always a bottle of water and a sandwich on the table.  The light was never turned off and the only sleep Dean got was a few twenty minute naps with his head resting on his arms atop the metal table.  Even then, the few precious minutes of REM he got were interrupted by images of Castiel screaming in a hospital bed, wrist and ankles rubbed raw and bleeding from the restraints.
Once they were in the safety of the library, Dean turned to his brother and pulled a face as if to say, “Well?!”
"Hey, it's not like she needs it anymore!"  he whispered harshly, yanking the chain and snapping it off her neck.  The stiff body jerked and his stomach heaved.  No matter how many times he dealt with bodies it was always a little gross.  "We can sell it for some good coin because I don’t know about you, but I intend to keep eating while we’re here.  Now come on!"
Now that he'd started, he couldn't seem to stop and he reached under the blanket for Cas' hand, finding it immediately and squeezing unresponsive fingers as Castiel's face went blurry under the tears gathering in his eyes.
as if it wasn’t there at all.  He refused to panic about it.  He knew what the sigil was for, knew exactly what it was doing, and knew the second he dragged his blade through it and broke the lines that his grace would come to life once more.
That was the thing about angels; issue an order, however much you don't really intend it to be one, and it was followed relentlessly.  Dean had gotten better at phrasing things as requests instead of just barking orders, because it wasn't fair that their brains were wired in such a way that made them want to follow it even if they
"That's ok, it wasn't that long ago me and Sam had to explain this stuff to you anyway, so...here,” he held his hand out for the mixer, waited for Cas to put it in his hand instead of grabbing it from him. “Let's just do one thing at a time, ok? We'll start with the coffee and go from there.”
Cas knew him, sure, but it was the way someone knows a coworker. You know their name and their face and that they exist in your world, but nothing deeper than that. Cas was missing all the pieces that Dean still had – the ones that had carved out places in his heart to squirm into and settle down.
The morning grew warmer and well after they had left the town behind, they found themselves sidestepping wild chickens pecking at the cobblestones and shaggy goats chewing on the tough grass at the edges.  The goats gave them bored looks, shuffling out of the way when they got too close, quite obviously acustomed to seeing travelers pass through.
“Well, thanks all the same ‘cause this would have been impossible without you.  But I don’t think you understand just what I’m willing to do to get my friend out of here, understand?”
The three of them were silent as they left the village behind, lost in their own thoughts.  They passed a farm, waving back to the farmer who called good morning to them as he leaned on his wooden fence.
Dean silently grabbed the bottle of Jack Daniels from its spot beside the toaster and turned to the kitchen table, plunking it down in the middle before taking a seat across from his brother.
Sam had always been a perceptive little bastard – most usually when Dean least wanted him to be – and it didn’t take him long to figure out that Cas hadn’t called.  Dean hadn’t even said the words out loud, Sam had just taken one look at him hunched over the library table, reading a book about communicating through dreams and his broad shoulders had slumped.
His left foot, bare and with the cuffs of his jeans dark with moisture, landed in a puddle of water on the sand and, for a moment, it seemed to snag Cas' attention.  He stayed in a crouch, stared down at the little patch of water curiously, dipping his fingers into it and Dean could easily make out the glow of blue grace in his eyes.
Dean smiled – a shaky, little thing – when Castiel made his eyes slide over to him obediently.  Dean had moved closer, but was still hovering a few feet away; behind him, Sam was an anxious throb of a presence.
“Cas!”  He called over his shoulder, but the angel was already walking up to them. Bow still in hand and wings half folded.  There was a frown etched deeply into his face as he crouched down beside Sam, who’s eyes were fluttering.
He roughly cleared his throat, blinking away some access moisture in his eyes, wondering if every bard was as good at stirring emotion as Aeranir was.  He hadn’t even understood the last half of the song and was still rubbing the goosebumps off his arms.
“Yeah…yeah, you’re right.  That’s gotta be some serious level of blasphemy or something.”  Dean sighed, feeling like their only hope for getting Cas help was slipping through their fingers already.
He was up bright and early the next morning.  Well, not so much bright, it was still dark out, but he was still elbow deep in a box of junk he had cleaned out of the Impala’s trunk months ago, when normal things like tidying and organization had mattered.
“There you are,” Dean said, sounding both concerned and breathless, as if he’d narrowly caught something precious before it hit the ground.
Pulsing like a thready heartbeat, his grace was waking from its forced slumber.  And with it, the binds woke too.
The angels hadn't known what the hell it was at first, but after Sam had explained it to them and then plugged it into the outlet next to their nest of blankets.  Both of them had grabbed at the warming fabric, tugging it close and murmuring words to each other Dean didn't catch.  Their wings had still been fluffy, feathers in disarray from a day of flying, and they'd curled up together in their nest with their new blanket.
“We uh…thought it might be more comfortable,” Dean fumbled, breaking the delicate silence.  “Since, you know…your wings are so awesome and huge and everything.  That little bed was pretty small.  So…um, yeah…”
Castiel nodded tightly, scared that any extra movement would jostle the barrier holding those human emotions at bay, even though he knew some were already seeping in through the cracks.  “Yes, it’s just um…” his heart was beating a little too fast, he thought, “Very soft.”
Castiel told himself that, even if he did talk, Dean likely would not care about what he wanted to say.  The man had a lot on his plate right now and probably wanted to spend some time with his mother.  Instead, he’d been forced to take care of Castiel since the moment they all got home.
For all the many years he had known them, he’d listened silently while they talked about his kind with distain, hatred, and disgust and had naively believed he was different, separate, from them.  Still, it always hurt to hear.  Yes, heaven had it’s issues, but could Sam and Dean really claim to be any better?  And with how fully their hatred for his kind – and any non-human species – permeated their lives, how could Castiel ever think that they could see anything other than just another angel when they looked at him?
“What's wrong?”  asked Sam and both he and Dean stared at the fading footprints from where the angel's had been, the wet sand already swelling and filling in the imprints.
His wings seemed to be the only thing the weather had not been able to penetrate.  The rain rolled off the smooth and glossy feathers just like water off a duck’s back.
Like a shot, Calwell’s arms went around Castiel, pinning the angel’s arms to his sides and Castiel choked around a grunt of pain.
He stopped by his room to grab a pair of the warmest pajama bottoms he had – black fleece – and a long sleeved tshirt.  When he got back to Cas’ room the door was still wide open and Cas was sitting gingerly on the edge of his bed.
Hannah looked over her shoulder and then her eyes turned skyward briefly before they landed on Dean.
Detached and faded, something like shock was seeping in to Castiel’s veins, pressing up against the metaphorical rebar he’d hammered through himself and corroding it.
“Well,” Dean said, pausing to lick some spaghetti sauce off a long plastic spoon.  He smacked his lips and his head bobbed a little in approval, “You
He started off in the general direction of where he remembered Cas talking about the air bubbles tickling his feet and it wasn't long before he found them.  He could hear them bickering in Enochian.  And it
"Well is it more than five? Ten? Fifty?  Give me a ballpark," Dean said.  There were no other hunters in Seattle, at least none that he knew about, and if this was a big nest, he wasn't about to go in with just him and Cas.
again.  He let his grace fill him to the brim and vaporize the glass in his skin and the blood in his eyes, sealing closed the open wounds.
Dean blindly grabbed Cas' hand, lacing his warm fingers with Cas' cold ones, laying his other hand over the angel's chest. "Cas," he said, trying to keep his voice steady and failing. "You fucking listen to me...you always said we have some special, profound fucking bond. You showed up in my dreams, saved my ass more times than I can count, sacrificed shit for me you should never have had to sacrifice..." he wavered here, thinking again that it couldn't end like this, it just fucking
“I wasn’t asking,” Castiel growled, a wave of rage riding a wave of pain.  He did not have the patience to give her the Be Not Afraid spiel.  The constant pain was making him
gotten the angel home, Dean had been sure that this was the one thing Cas would not come back from.  How could he?  He’d been cut and shredded and broken over and over under Amara’s torture; under Naomi’s; under Metatron’s – among others.  He’d been chained to Lucifer for nearly a year.  He’d been in bad shape before he even let Lucifer
His mouth was dry.  His head ached.  His heart ached.  Dean shuffled, exhausted, to the kitchen and guzzled down three full glasses of water before the pasty feeling on his tongue was gone.
in reference to breaking someone out of a hospital only worked if said someone had not immediately been moved to the secure emergency psychiatric crisis unit for evaluation.
Realizing he was pressing his phone against his ear too hard, Dean loosened his grip, desperate for more insight into Cas’ head.
Sam sighed sharply through his nose.  “He's so good at keeping things hidden, like I knew there was something going on but,” he shook his head, spreading his arms a little, palms out, before clasping his hands again with an air of moving on.  “But now we know, right?  We can help him understand that there's nothing wrong with letting go, having fun, being himself or whatever.”
Sam sounded so confident and so focused that Dean immediately felt a weight lift of his shoulders and he rested his forehead against the - likely filthy - metal box around the payphone, relief spilling through his chest.
for it to work, Cas!”  he finally exploded.  He stared at the angel, half expecting him to start laughing and say
After voicing his concerns to Liam, the man patiently explained that it could be learned, and that he could teach Dean, but it would take time.
, Dean wanted to chide, but the fact that Castiel looked like he was fighting hard just to turn his back to him made Dean swallow the words back down his constricted throat.
That soft rumbling sound returned and he tried to recall if it had left or if he'd just stopped being aware of it for a time. It was...nice, he thought. Of course, anything other than what he'd become used was nice at this point.
The two other people in the pool, a man and a woman, watched curiously as the angel stepped down into the water.
“Where is that medicine Dean was giving me?” He rubbed at the inside of his elbow, glancing around the room through narrowed eyes, as if the pain inside him where the glare of the sun.
“We waited too long that time,” Dean mumbled.  He was ten feet away – as if he might have finally caught on that being close to an angel with an angel blade in his hand might be stressful for said angel – carefully whipping Castiel’s blade clean with a cloth.  And carefully not looking at Castiel.  “It’s getting worse isn’t it?”
Dean wasn't stupid and he knew Sam wasn't either and given how much time the two of them spent around one another it was no surprise that Sam had started
“…good?” Dean asked dumbly, his attention snagged for a moment when the tip of Cas' tongue darted out to clean his lips.
But still.  He was grateful to not have to be naked in his brother’s company.  He did feel a little bad making Cas use his grace for something so unimportant, but surely if he could heal a fatal brain injury with little effort, drying some clothing wouldn’t cost him that much grace.
It took three solid bashes with the heel of his boot to knock the knob off and Sam pulled his gun out, jerking his head towards the open door to let Dean know he would keep watch.
Liam frowned, looking between the brothers to where Cas was laying in his nest, working through the puzzle, before his face smoothed.  “When he said this, were you trying to get him to eat human food?”
Cas' voice was clipped and sharp in a way Dean had never heard before and he very suddenly realized that Castiel was briefing them like he would his garrison before a mission.
Cas suddenly gave up trying to hold himself up and leaned back against Dean’s chest with a sigh, his head falling back to rest on Dean’s shoulder as he went alarmingly limp in Dean’s arms.
It helped that the hunter was looking at him like he was some kind of wild animal that was as likely to bolt as he was to try and rip out his throat.  It gave him the drive to prove the man wrong.  So he fought his instincts and held still.
They made it as far as Castiel's offhand comment that he could no longer see the cabins before Dean took that as his cue to get things back on track and wrapped his arms back around the angel, muffled a laugh into the side of his neck when Castiel arched his wings out to either side.
His face relaxed instantly and he cupped the squirrel in his hands, now practically cooing at it while it's little nose twitched and sniffed up at him.
He said it with such ease – like it was as true as the sun shining outside, like Dean should already know – and Dean nodded, feeling both elation and crushing sadness at the words, quite sure Cas didn't understand what he meant.
“Ok.”  He lingered in Cas’ space a little longer to press a final kiss to his lips – because wow were Castiel’s lips addictive – and then stood, holding out his hand.
Inside, Castiel was not nearly as awake as Dean would have hoped after all the door smashing.  It seemed to take his drugged mind a moment longer than it normally would to recognize who was striding purposefully toward him.  Perhaps that was why his blue eyes went wide and his lips twitched back over his teeth in an intoxicated but still somewhat menacing indication that he was more than ready to fight.
Dean's breath caught in his throat at the display, squeezing Cas' hips tighter and rocking their hips together again and again.
Ivarstead, with its surrounding birch groves and mostly flat terrain, had been misleading.  It felt like they had already left the mountains behind, when in reality, it turned out that the small village was still well inside them, situated on a vast plateau that they were only now starting to descend from.
One morning Dean wakes up before his alarm. It's only 6AM and for a moment it's completely unacceptable that he is expected to wait an entire hour before he can see Cas in the kitchen.
,” he moaned, clawing at his chest, as if he could somehow reach the binding through his vessel’s body.  But then there were hands pulling at his arms, prying his bloody hands away from his skin and pinning them against the floor.
Cas took one of the beds on the right wall, the one closest to the fire place, and wasted no time stripping off all of his armor without shame.
For the first time in almost three days, Dean felt like he could breathe again.  Castiel was out cold in the back seat with Dean’s leather jacket wrapped firmly around him - since getting a shirt on him was near impossible in his drugged state.  Plus, Sam had pointed out, Cas couldn't tell them if he was in pain and they didn't want to injure his shoulder even more just to put a shirt on the semi-conscious angel.
Cas' eyes were barely open but the sliver of deep blue glittered like gems in the orange sunlight filtering through the hide walls.  Dean’s gaze was pulled down by movement and he saw that Cas was absently fidgeting with his own feathers, twirling one slowly around his finger like someone might absently twirl a strand of hair.  He’d taken his armor off from the waist up, as well as his boots, and looked like he’d had a much more comfortable sleep than Dean had.
“There’s another problem, Sam,” Dean added quietly.  “He’s…I dunno he doesn’t seem all there.  When I picked him up from the diner he kept looking around like there was a hell hound on his tail and earlier he was looking at me like he thought I was gonna stab him or something, I –”
And, much their delight, the wings had stayed. Dean had stared and speculated and wondered for days about Castiel's beautiful wings; wondered why he'd never shown them before. They were huge and powerful but flexed with Cas' body with the same ease and dexterity that his arms or legs did. They were as much a part of Cas as the rest off him – more so, probably – and he actually seemed to move more naturally than he ever had with them hidden.
As Sam and Dean trailed behind, the market reanimated and people went about their business with only a glance or two at the retreating angel’s back.
“Uh…” Dean cleared his throat again, “I think we might be closing in on the release spell for that binding.  How are you holding up?”
Dean grinned as Sam led the way into the room.  “This is a different motel, Cas, we’re in Idaho now.”
of a second the last cut knit itself closed, Jörmungandr struck like a viper, coiling around him and constricting possessively.
Dean winced, thinking of how he'd cursed and swore and desperately tried to backpedal.  Said something about Hannah and how Castiel's expression had closed over before he told Dean to go back to the fire.
was the best word he could come up with to describe the missing pieces of his own grace, the absent voices of his brothers and sisters and the gaping chasm that seemed to have made a home in his chest.
“But I didn’t even tell you.”  Though he was relieved, he wasn't sure he could have gotten the words out anyway.
Though the shift in body language was abrupt, Castiel relaxed minutely, pulling his wings back to fold loosely at his sides.  Evidently, whatever trouble the angels had been stirring up while Castiel was incapacitated, it was nothing too urgent.
He nodded and followed Cas out of the water, stopping in front of him and staring down at the little squirrel.  She
“I apologize, as well, Castiel,” Liam told him gravely.  “I severely miscalculated the dosage of tea you could safely handle.  I assumed…well, we’ll talk about that later.  I am so very sorry.”
“Alright, buddy,” barked the short one, pressing against Dean’s chest with one hand while the other went to the back of his belt.  “Outside, come on.”
Heat pooled low in Dean's stomach and he tilted his head back, curling his fingers deep in the soft feathers under his hands, heels digging into the sand.
him.  And it hurt different than missing someone who was gone.  Missing someone that was standing right next to you was nearly unbearable.
Moving so only half his face was hidden behind the edge of his wing, Castiel stared at Sam with one eye.  “A concrete shoebox, that has been buried underground.  That I am sharing with three hunters.”
Just over three hours later, the trio was – finally – walking up a patchy cobblestone road to the Whiterun city gates. From the outside at least, Whiterun looked like a pretty simply little town.
She didn’t look bothered by his hostility and dropped a thick pad of paper on to the tiny table, making Dean snatch his arms back to avoid getting hit with it.
Sam released him like Castiel’s skin burned and despite Liam’s reminder that there was no need to rush, Castiel quickly moved away, lifting and arching his wings up out of the way as he scooted back until the wall stopped him.
“Lucifer beat the Darkness, Cas, and then me and Dean killed Lucifer. What you did, switching places with him, it not only took care of the Darkness but doing so weakened Lucifer to the point where we could finally kill him for good.” Sam explained slowly. “The two biggest threats to this planet are gone forever and we have you to thank for it.”
Immediately on the other side of the gates, looming up before them, was an inn – Candlehearth Hall according to the sign – with a giant iron bowl of fire burning out in front as if to beckon frost-bitten travelers into its warm embrace.
Another thing he'd learned: some angels were kind of adorable.  All that power and knowledge, stumped by such simple human oddities.
"A few years.  I don't know why I stay sometimes.  The Jarl does not seem to care that we exist until it is time to collect our taxes.  Though I am treated better by the locals than the dark elves that live here."  She shrugged, a soft smile pulling at her thin lips.  "Still, as a bard you go where the work is and these days it seems that Windhelm has more students from the college than ever before, since they have to go right by the gates to get to and from the school.”  She leaned towards Cas conspiratorially, with a flirty glint in her eye that was totally lost on the angel.  “No one pays better than drunken young ones that have just escaped to explore the world."
His hair was dark, greasy, and matted and his skin was filthy.  He was wearing rags for clothes and his eyes were rolling wildly in his head.  This close to the river, the air was always damp, and the floorboards under his bare feet were swollen with moisture and slippery with mildew.  It must have rained recently.
Slowly but surely, the trio ambled up more switchbacks, leading them further into the mountains.  The chill night air was clinging too close to Dean's skin now and with every step he took he felt it seep closer to his bones, making his muscles stiff and sore.  He took a few deep breaths and willed his energy to hold just a little longer – though he had no idea when the angel planned on stopping.  Or if he even remembered the poor humans struggling along behind him
hate him, but, of course, wasn't sure why. It wasn't a new feeling though, he could tell as soon as he rolled it over and examined it that this was something old, something that had festered deep in the underbelly of his consciousness for a very long time.
"No!" he growled, the word struggling to get past the hands around his throat. He groped blindly at his sides, looking for something - fucking
He looked up at Cas, suddenly worried and feeling like a total jerk.  The angel was still standing, close to the fire, and was gazing out into the dark as if he could actually see through it.  He probably could, Dean supposed.  As he watched, Cas' wings twitched a few times at his back before he opened them a little, curling them forward as he took another step closer to the fire and Dean realized he was trying to catch the heat.  He was cold.
“Wait!”  Sam said, rushing over to grab a trench coat clad shoulder.  “Wait, Cas, can't you tell us what the job is?  Then
is what living felt like, and Dean wasn’t sure he could give it up now that he’d gotten a proper taste of it.
“That was different,” Dean countered defensively.  Castiel could see anger building behind the man’s eyes.  “You were…you were…” he flailed a hand in frustration, unable to paint the picture he wanted Castiel to see.
Instead he focused all his mental energy into praying to every god he’d ever met that Sam wasn’t taking a nap or out buying groceries.
“I love you too, Dean.”  Cas smiled then, the soft shy smile that made Dean’s hear summersault in his chest.  “Let’s go home.”
...and Dean was the only one awake to see it.  So he let his arm curl gently around the angel’s shoulders – mindful of his injury – and he let his hand settle over Cas’ on top of his chest, and just breathed.
Dean stared, wondering what this new display meant.  Cas had curled his wings around his shoulders like that on their first night here, when he had been cold and was trying to catch the heat of their fire.  But that, coupled with the fluffing feathers almost made it seem like he was trying to hide.
“They wouldn’t let me talk and even if I had they wouldn’t have believed anything I said, and Cas,” Dean sighed, remembering the way Cas had looked at him, silently begging for Dean to tell him what to say.  “And Cas didn’t know how to answer them.  You remember a month ago on that hunt with the waitress?  Well when the cop asked him to tell the truth about how he got the bruise on his face, Cas said he ‘wasn’t allowed to’.”
“Anyways,” he said, his expression smoothing and his green eyes turning gentle, “You wanna tell me why you just gave us your blade?”
As miserable as he was feeling, Dean's stomach was a welcome distraction when it rumbled loudly.  At the very least it managed to draw a huff of laughter from Cas before the angel pulled his hand away.
Liam glanced over at Cas with a small smile and a lingering stare, before he looked over at Sam and grinned.  “Now, I mean no offense when I say this, but I brought my own tea.”  He pulled a Ziplock baggie from within his case, stuffed to the brim with tea bags.
He took a step forward and Castiel flinched away, slipping off the edge of the bed to stand and back away a few paces.
“Cas is great, he’s family, and we need you to keep an open mind.  I’m not saying you’d ever…”  Sam cleared his throat, sounding like he was trying to reign in his own assumptions about how Jessy and Cesar might treat Cas.  “Just – he’s still pretty skittish so don’t be surprised if it takes him a while to warm up to you.  And try not to be too loud or move too suddenly – oh!  And just so you’re both…
“We’re out of books, we’re out of ideas, and Cas is literally too traumatized by the last ten years of his life to understand what is going on inside his head, much less communicate it to us in a way we’ll understand.  So, if you can’t get the information from the target, who’s the next best source of intel?”
. Not in Hell, he knew that much at least, and it was only a few seconds before he found it, the words rushing up to meet him.
When Dean tuned in, it seemed his brother had decided to give the angel a blow by blow replay of the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
The order shook so badly it almost came apart before it reached him, but Castiel still heard it.  For a split-second, incredulity froze him.
He put the mug in the rack, on top of the plate, and grit his teeth when it slid down and the wet porcelain shrieked.
Dean set his empty bowl down, eyeing Sam’s.  If his brother didn’t stop playing with his food he was going to lose it.  Dean’s stomach rumbled for more.  Instead, he refocused his attention, wondering if he should ask just
When he looked back up, he saw Dean unclench his jaw just enough for his tongue to sneak out and wet his lips.
And then Cas was gone in a whirlwind, swallowed up by the fog over their heads once more, the sound of his wings beating at the air fading quickly.
Sam’s face was an odd mixture of cautiousness and curiosity, but Cas merely looked at Dean with that small 'humans-are-so-weird' frown on his face.
Cas spit one last time into the sink and then turned the faucet on, standing back up.  All the reclaimed color in his face from the shower had vanished, leaving his skin pale and dull looking.
Dean desperately tried to think of something, anything, to say that would help fix the angelic stoicism settling over Castiel's face, but he couldn't seem to get anything past the lump in his throat.
He was annoyed, but Dean barely noticed, because just then Cas’ eyes went from white to yellow to gold and then back to white in the blink of an eye and one corner of his full mouth twitched like he’d almost smiled.
But control was slipping from him faster and faster and with every bit of it that escaped through his fingers, despair and frustration swelled in it's place.
The lid went on the pot and Dean moved towards the table, absently wiping his hand on the front of his apron.
“Angie, think!”  Dean hissed.  “You said it yourself.  Cas overpowered several orderlies.  He had to be given twice the amount of sedative anyone else would need…” Dean reeled, suddenly realizing that Cas had been telling the truth when he said three Tylenol weren’t doing the trick.  If he’d just trusted Cas…
likely had much to do with how delicious it tasted, but it didn’t matter.  The beef – or whatever meat it was – was cooked to tender perfection; the potatoes and carrots were soft, and the broth was thick and savoury and so warm and filling that it was like getting a hug from the inside.
!  And besides, it is a small amount of grace, I wouldn’t even notice it’s absence and would regenerate it before lunch time.”
of questions about the binding.  Dean had answered as many as he could, but of course could only give answers from his point of view.  When it came to questions about how Cas felt and what the binding was doing to him on the inside, Dean couldn’t help, because Cas wouldn’t tell them much.
As if on cue, he went into another coughing fit and Dean waited until it had passed before he said.  "Ok, yeah, that sounds great, Sam.  Make sure you bring some Neo Citron and your respirator."
Cas' gaze rose from where he'd been staring at the table, his eyes flicking over Sam's face as if searching for something.
Absently, he wondered if he could salvage some kind of breakfast from whatever was left over from the night before.  There was bread and some potatoes and butter left, but they'd devoured all the clams.
“Orcish,” Cas informed them, lifting his right foot onto a small stool against the wall and sliding the dagger into the straps around his boot.  “They make good weapons.”
When they rounded an outcropping of large stones jutting from the ground, the earth gave way below them in layered pools of steaming water, stacked like huge steps in the other side of the hill.  They were big enough that a person could stretch out in them like a hot tub, if they wanted to.  Around the edges of each pool, white, yellow, and some blue mineral buildup looked like melted wax dripping down the sides and the air smelled heavily of salt and wet earth.
The importance of this first encounter seemed critical.  Dean believed Liam could help them help Cas, but looking at the angel now, Dean wondered if Cas was past the point of even being able to accept help.
He tried not to stomp off after Cas, shoving the necklace into the little satchel at his hip.  When they caught up to the angel, he was crouched low against the wall, about fifty yards ahead, wings still arched high and stiff over his back.  He and Sam came up beside him, pressing close to his side to stay hidden, only just realizing there was a wide opening in the wall and a set of gates thrown wide open.  They’d reached the other side of Helgen.
“I'm full of holes,” Castiel supplied unhelpfully.  He nearly winced, tried to come up with words to explain himself a little better, but found he suddenly had the desire to do so about as much as he wanted to pick up the pen still sitting by his elbow.   He thought about maybe taking a nap, a wave of fatigue washing over him. “Like I've fallen on a bed of nails...and everything is just...leaking out.”
Dean didn't even bother with his usual taunting, just charged forward and full-body tackled the closest vamp to the floor with a wordless cry.  He pinned the monster with a knee to the chest and then pressed his palm to the edge of his blade, crushing through its neck and severing its head.
inside his brain.  Cas talking about how every angel had colors unique to them in their wings.  The golden hue of Cas’ eyes when he first spotted the nest and was overcome with gratitude.  Everything that the holy fire glasses had shown them.  That guy who said all he saw was colors when he tried to read Cas’ mind.
Cas’ head lolled, his face resting against the side of Dean’s neck and – though he would take it to his grave – Dean’s heart skipped a beat.
to say,” Sam drawled, his chin still resting in his hand, “Is that we haven't had a hunt in months and were wondering if you had anything for us to do.”  Sam even seemed to be perking up at the prospect of getting out of the bunker, finally pushing away from the table to stand.  “A demon to kill, a pesky monster to exterminate, even an artefact to find.
He shoved the glasses back up his nose, ignoring the flare of heat in his cheeks and hoping Sam would do the same.
"You wanna talk to her or should I?"  Dean asked, glancing over his shoulder to where Iddra was staring off into space behind the bar.
Since this whole endeavour was about breaking old habits and opinions, it seemed only fitting that he should try one of the things that made him roll his eyes the hardest.  Now he was kicking himself for being such a snooty douche about it.  If just breathing and paying attention to his body and environment was so helpful on the first try, what could it have done for him if he’d started it ten years ago?
Liam’s eyes narrowed as if he were focusing on a particularly stubborn corner of a complicated puzzle.  “You never felt
The pool wasn't nearly deep enough for them to go under, and they hit the sandy bottom, cushioning their fall.  Cas gave a squeak of surprise when his ass hit the sand and Dean threw his arms out, bracing himself to keep from falling right on top of the angel.
Dean didn’t doubt for a second that Cas was only saying that for their benefit.  If the angel said there was a dark presence here then there was.  Plain and simple.  And though that sounded like something that, back on earth, might have led to an interesting hunt, it wasn’t what they were here for and they didn’t have the time or the resources to get distracted.
They said nothing to each other.  They didn’t need to.  They were both on the same page, it seemed.  Someone was hurting Cas - however unintentionally - and they were going to do whatever it took to save him.   God knows Cas had done the same thing for them enough times.
And like the barn owl, it was clear that Cas was likely even more dangerous in the air than he was on the ground.
Cas, Dean noticed when he finally looked up, was sitting on the rock retaining wall across the street, wearing dark leather armor and an unimpressed look.  His wings were draped down over his shoulders, the long flight feathers crossed on the grass behind him.
actually moved away, rocked back to sit on the floor just out of arms reach, and he could breathe again.
The question earned him a mildly exasperated look, “I don’t like not being able to stretch my wings.”  His head snapped to the left as a man wearing a thick canvas apron walked from the kitchen, carrying a plate of bread and cheese.  Cas leaned away ever so slightly, even though the man was nowhere near close enough to even brush against him, and folded his wings down tight once more.  “And I feel as if I am…in the way.”
Just a new kind of torment, he realized, letting the desire of...whatever it was he had wanted drift away again. It was already gone.
Dean bit down on his tongue hard as a punishment for even thinking such a thing.  Even if Cas wasn’t around to hear it, Dean should not be trivializing one of many horrific things the angel had been put through.
Normally, the look on his face – the wideness of his blue eyes, the little gap between his lips, the furrow in his brow – was all it took for Dean to immediately turn into a pile of reassuring goo.
It was Sam that spoke next, soft but firm.  “Castiel, can you tell us what you were trying to do before Dean stopped you?”
It was as if Hannah had removed blinders from his eyes and Dean was able to read Cas so much more accurately.  This wasn't Cas just being snippy – had it really ever been? - this was someone that had just realized a threat had noticed that he was wounded.  A predator that had just noticed his weak spot, and he was...
He did it again with a bit more force this time and it had Castiel rearing up and turning his face skyward, palms bracing against Dean's chest and wings fanning out wide to either side.  All the long flight feathers at the tips spread, making the very ends look serrated and dangerous.
God had made these creatures to be blindly obedient, fiercely loyal, and incapable of autonomous thought.  To the point where, apparently, their brains just…broke if something happened and one of those three things was changed.
Before Dean could register what was happening, the angel was at the edge of the water, shucking off the last of his armor and unbuttoning his modified tunic.
Each of them were clutching a shield in their left hand, impressive arm muscles popping under the weight, leaving their right ones free to grab the broadsword hanging on their hips.  If such a need arose.
He reached under the table and pulled up one of the three first aid kits Velcro-ed to the underside of it.
Castiel steeled himself and took one bloody, slippery step after another, each one driving more glass into the soles of his feet.  He could feel the shards grinding against each other under his skin and he clenched his jaw against the sickening feel of it.  He braced his hand and wing against the wall in a futile attempt to take some of his weight.
Hesitantly, Sam spoke.  “I wasn’t just trying to get a rise out of Cas when I suggested calling Crowley for help earlier.”
"What are you doing?"  Sam hissed, sounding scandalized when he saw Dean reaching for the dead woman's jewelry.  "
A glance at the nearest clock told him part of the reason he may feel so old was that it was nearly two in the morning.  He sighed again, looking out over the swamp of books that had taken over the table.  There was nothing else to be done until they could speak to Cas, and neither of them was willing to force the angel back in to the waking world before they had to.
But Dean caught him before he could slap his hands to the floor, grabbing both his wrists and hauling him back upright.  Castiel’s wings flared to balance him.
“Sam!  Dean!  Shut up!”  Castiel barked irritably and it was such a foreign tone from the angel that both their jaws snapped shut and they stared at him with wide eyes.
“What happened, Cas?” he prodded again just as he spotted the shredded remains of Cas'shirt on the floor.
He let his hand slide over Cas' shoulder, down his arm and grabbed his hand gently.  If Cas was going to learn that feeling things like the need to be around others and take comfort in their presence was ok, then Dean was going to have to shirk some of his own reservations about intimacy.  And, as he'd told Cas and would tell him as many times he needed to hear it, there was nothing wrong with feeling.  Nothing wrong needing people.
Castiel stared at him, Dean’s anger unsurprising but still confusing.  “Why are you upset?  I did as you asked.  I did not die.”
Dean grimaced, not caring for Crowley’s choice of words.  A spell of that design, it was hard not to picture the ways it had likely been abused.  He tried to convince himself that, at the very least, Vikings had been known for their honor.  He tried to convince himself they wouldn’t have done anything like
Dean smile was a cautious, guarded and hopeful little thing and Castiel felt one corner of his mouth turning up.
.  We've got enough gold from Fort Amol to buy some information at least.  Even if she isn't one of them, someone probably knows
When a hand settled gently over his, Castiel’s frayed nerves and adrenaline-soaked system nearly propelled him straight off the bed.
He moved through practiced steps, retracing what he'd been shown all those hundreds of years ago by one of the soldiers who had no idea he was teaching an angel inside his comrade's body.  He put force behind it, imagining a faceless enemy at the end of his weapon, remembering the sweltering, dry heat of the desert; remembering the way his vessel had sweat and sweat under the relentless sun burning over their heads; remembered the camaraderie and unity of battle; remembered the sound of feet and hooves battering the ground as one beating heart.
There was a crack in their routine then, when Castiel lifted his head off Dean's shoulder and reached for his mug of coffee, setting them both on the counter. He placed a hand between Dean's shoulders and pushed him forward a step, sliding in behind the hunter.
Cas hadn't so much as twitched through all the jostling and swearing and stumbling over the last hour or so.  At least it had only
The rain was falling harder now, pinging against the windows and roof like weak little bullets, mixing nicely with the soft plucking of the guitar from the stereo.
, Sam.”  Dean complained as he shoved his chair back and stood.  “We haven't had a hunt in weeks, man!
Blood boiling, Dean had to fight hard to stay where he was.  Charging at an officer would only get him thrown in jail, but he couldn’t help snapping, “What the hell are you suggesting?”
He felt anything but steady, wondering how the fuck he was going to be strong enough to hold Castiel up, but knowing he had to figure it out soon because he knew better than anyone that just because someone was standing right in front of you didn’t mean you couldn’t still lose them.  He wouldn’t let Cas go now - not when they were so close -
Sam's face went slack and he dropped heavily onto the wooden bench.  Whatever he'd been expecting Dean to say, that obviously hadn't been it.
But eventually, Cas’ apparent growing distaste for using words won out and he took one halting step forward, his bare feet silent in the bed of dirt, pine needles, and leaves that covered the ground.  Slowly, as if he was worried Liam was going to bite his hand off, he extended his arm.
“I’ve loved you for a very long time,” Cas told him bluntly.  But then his eyes dropped, his confidence suddenly slipping away.  “I’m sorry I’ve been…that I can’t seem to get better all the way.”
Castiel looked from one officer to the other, his eyes landing uncertainly on Dean behind them for a brief moment before he looked back to the tallest one without saying a word.
“Can you explain what you mean by that?” Sam asked, coming to sit in the chair beside Dean's with slow and deliberate movements.
At the bottom of the iron staircase, Sam was standing before his mother, both of them dancing without moving.  Unsaid words hung between them like the delicate bubbles he’d seen children at parks playing with and there was a palpable air of something charged and electric in the war room.
“You guys…” he made a vague gesture at Cesar, Jessy and Garth that meant nothing, “Watch a movie or play monopoly or something.  Just go try and do something fun, you’re sad-facing all the time is bumming me out.”  He turned to Cas and swallowed.  “You and me are going for a drive.”
“Oh, I should clarify.  When last I was here, I was not in Skyrim, I was in Cyrodiil, which is where the Imperial race hails from.  The Elder Council appealed to us after the Emperor – Uriel Septim – was assassinated when he tried to flee the city, running from the very faction that had murdered his two sons.  We answered their call because we thought they wanted our help either settling their suddenly crippled government or to perhaps help them fight against the forces that had killed their leader.
Castiel stepped closer, very much in to his personal space, and Dean's words froze in his throat. He tensed, keeping himself still. This was the closest Cas had willingly gotten to either of them since waking up and Dean held his breath for whatever that meant, unwilling to scare him off if he was trying to work through something.
Four days later, Dean was sitting at the very end of his own bed with his morning coffee in his hands while he watched Castiel, sitting up by the headboard, the electric blanket one of many crowded around him. He didn't use it to wrap himself in anymore, but it was always plugged into the wall and he usually had it laid out in the dip of the nest of blankets and would then cocoon himself in his wings on top of it.
When he turned back around, able to just touch the sandy bottom with his feet, Castiel was coming towards him, already in up to his knees with his wings arced high over the water.
All that jittery eagerness returned full force and Dean watched the two angels approach.  He glanced around as a second thought, wondering if there was anyone around that might see.  When they'd come to the beach the day before the fog had been so thick he couldn't see if there were any houses or buildings nearby.  Though looking now he realized they had nothing to worry about.  There wasn't a sign of human life for as far as he could see either direction down the coast and it was still spring and not even warm enough for him to go without a jacket.  He glanced back in the direction of the road but it was far enough away that he wasn't too concerned about someone noticing the angels.
Dean stumbled, tripping over a board in the small footbridge under the tree.  “Did…did that guy just say
want to talk about whatever is going on in that giant brain of yours,” he squeezed Cas' shoulder.  “I'm here.  Or Sam.  Or Hannah.  Whoever you're most comfortable with, Cas.”  He felt a pang in his chest when he reminded himself that he was probably the one Castiel felt
“Anyway,” he leaned back in his seat, “We got him back safe and uh,” he huffed a laugh, reached out and fiddled with the fork on his empty plate, “Cas kind of has a habit of just spitting on the odds.  And he didn’t disappoint this time either.  He’s pretty much healed up, I’d say,” he told them, looking to Sam who bobbed his head in agreement, “He’s still a little jumpy but, hey, that’s to be expected…”
“So, uh,” Dean stuttered, looking away from the sight of Cas' throat working as he swallowed. He heard him bite into the fruit again and quickly pressed on. “So, first of all, can I ask how you're doing with, you know, getting your memories sorted out?”
A bit farther down the road, Dean could see stone retaining walls on one side of the street and hear the river rushing some hundred meters off to their left where it hugged the base of the monstrous mountain.
“His eyes are almost always glowing,” Sam reminded him, looking from his brother to Cas and back again, trying to work out on his own what Dean was taking far too long to process and explain.
It was entirely true.  Castiel had never felt quite this out of control before.  But then again, he'd also never had emotions and he was learning more and more every day that emotions could do funny things to a person.  And it was so much more confusing for him, in a way that Sam and Dean could not understand – though they seemed eager to try – because there was no baseline for Castiel to consult.  He was the first.  No other angel he'd heard of had fallen as far and as hard as him; willingly turned themselves into this hybrid creature that was half human, half angel.  So it was up to him to find out just what these new and intense emotions would do to his grace.
Dean’s eyes narrowed and flicked this way and that over his face, making Castiel wonder what the hunter was looking for.  But then his expression cleared and a small and achingly tentative smile curled the corner of his lips, moving freckles around his face.
In an uncharacteristic display of uncertainty, Cas caught his bottom lip between his teeth and looked over his shoulder in the direction they had been traveling, flicking out and then resettling his right wing.
He looked down, eyes flicking this way and that over Castiel's bare torso. His skin was back to it's tan, vibrant self and his blue eyes sparkled in the dim light of the bedroom and Dean felt fucking giddy. He placed one last chaste kiss to Cas' mouth, whispering against his lips.
The image of an injured bunny, an abandoned fawn and a geriatric raccoon flashed behind Dean’s eyes and he grinned.  Because getting a taste of how it felt to make Castiel smile and laugh – of how it felt to be the one making the angel happy – would pretty much ensure that Dean did whatever Cas wanted for the rest of forever.
He supposed the more pieces of him there were, the better chance there was that at least one of them might escape. He couldn't imagine what it would have been like to start from a mere fragment of himself if starting with as many as he had now still left his mind in ruins.
“Precisely.  We know that she came to Whiterun specifically to ask that aid be sent to Riverwood, in case the dragon attacked there next.  Now, after narrowly surviving the anihilation of an entire village at the hands of a monster or legends, she would have been afraid, traumatized, possibly injured.  She would have been focused solely on
In any case, it seemed to work and Dean smiled at him, making the edges of Castiel’s iron hold on himself waver.
Dean looked torn between anger, nausea, and something close to heartbreak.  His teeth were clenched so hard Castiel was surprised he managed to pry them open and speak.
. Then, he'd lost the chance of ever getting to when Castiel had sacrificed himself – again – to defeat the evil that Dean had unleashed upon the world. The realization that he might
It was a look Dean and Sam both wore sometimes, when Castiel said something they found strange.  He never knew what exactly he said to make their face move that way – the way that made their lips part like they wanted to say something and their eyebrows lower right before their eyes did.  For a while after that look, they always behaved a little differently.  The edges in their voices went soft and the sharpness of their movements slowed.
He felt comfortably warm, but the effects didn’t last long.  An hour later, when they finally reached the stables in front of the city, his skin was burning from the cold once more.  But the potion had done its job.  It had gotten them to the city without losing any fingers and that was all that mattered.
Something in Dean’s expression looked close to breaking, it trembled like a window rebuffing a rock.  But he caught it, like he always did.  Castiel’s heart ached for him.  He wished he could take away Dean’s pain.  He didn’t deserve it.
Stretching out before them, a cobblestone street curved and bowed between a scattering of similar looking buildings and houses.  On either side of the road there were squat iron fire bowls, presumably to light the way at night and perhapse lend some warmth to the people walking by.  Though it was noon and the sun was now high overhead, there was a subtle nip in the air that left Dean recalling what the beginnings of Fall felt like back home and he ended the train of thought before he fell down the rabbit hole of wondering about an alien planet's climate and season.
feel more comfortable to have his wings out, or have his halo to speak for him, or from time to time, leave his vessel behind entirely and just find an open field in which to
None of these soldiers had their helmets on, but Dean could see one sitting outside each tent.  Unlike the Whiterun soldiers, their helmet faces were open, and each one had a set of small, pointed horns on top.
Castiel broke what would have likely been a pretty awkward silence by appearing from between the trees, fully kitted in his armor once more, his bow and arrow heads peaking over one shoulder.
“I’m not supposed to look at people’s souls,” Cas finally mumbled at the ground, shoulders and wings hunching a bit.
“Hi,” Dean said too loudly, feeling at odds with finally having a face to put to the voice he’d just spent three hours spilling his guts to.
He praised his Father’s name, praised His mercy, praised His glory, and tried to ignore the shameful joy and gut-churning guilt.  How could he be so blessed and so cursed at the same time?  Why would his Father restore
woke up? What if Dean would never see his stupid blue eyes again? What if he could never use pop culture references to get Cas to do that little head tilt? What if he never got to make Cas smile that tiny little smile whenever he managed to do something the angel found funny? What if the last memory Cas had of him was Dean holding his own angel blade over his chest?
“Alright, it’s alright, Castiel.  We’re going to try something else, then.  I want you to use your grace to heal yourself.”
human.  Even though he’d gotten better at pretending, Dean was starting to think that maybe it was more important that he
One some level he knew Sam was right.  He knew they had to talk to Cas about this first.  He knew they couldn’t keep making life or death decisions and cutting deals to save each other.  They were trying to understand Cas better, they were trying to be better to him and each other, and that meant accepting that they all had different values and beliefs and placed importance on different things.
It was hours later, when the sun was peeking sleepily over the top of the highest mountain peaks around them, that Dean started to feel somewhat normal again.  They'd walked through the night without incident and without stopping and at one point had come to a fork in the road with a rickety sign confirming they were headed in the right direction.  They'd followed the road to the left and had finally emerged high up on the mountain side.  The road sat naturally between little bumps in the terrain and huge stones and the few trees that had managed to take root this far up.
Dean left and Castiel looked back down into the pot.  Slightly off centre, a bubble of hot tomato juice –
Not only was he captive, underground, and a slave to whoever wished him to be, he now had to face the fact that he’d given away his last shred of independence when he handed his blade over to the brothers.  Granted, it needed to be done, but that didn’t make it less irritating.  The serpent had him well and truly ensnared and Castiel couldn’t even do the one thing that would free him.  He’d have to find Sam and Dean and get them to draw the sigil
“Well, it won’t hurt them, but they’ll be out for a while.  Dean, you said Castiel has their own room?” Liam prompted.
worried – deep down, that being trapped in a box with hunters might end badly for him – hell one of them had already shot him – then all that fear wouldn’t be simmering just below the surface and he might have been able to control his instincts better.
Deep blue eyes flicked between the brothers and a contemplative look smoothed the furrow in his brow.
In their writhing, slimy limbs he could see specks of bright light and realized that not all the pieces he'd cut away had stayed safe.
"More poisonous flowers, Cas?"  Dean asked, watching as the angel carefully snapped the flower off at the stem without touching the petals.
It was unsettling, when you were friends with someone who’s only sign of life when unconscious was that they hadn’t exploded.
For a moment Dean forgot what they were supposed to be doing there, his gaze lingering on the sight of the fallen angel, and Castiel stared back at him calmly, as always.
Dean finally tore his eyes away, running down the road after his brother until the sounds of the troll's roaring faded away and they finally stumbled to a halt, hands on their knees as they caught their breath.
By the time the two brothers finished gaping, Cas was far up the road, his white and tawny wings the only visible part of him in the dark.  Both brothers had to jog to catch up.
The next time he opened his eyes, Dean was gone.  When his gaze finally focused, Castiel eyed the small glass bottle on the night stand.
The leather gave under his weight and Castiel sunk gratefully in to it, feeling as if his bones had suddenly turned to lead now that he’d finally stopped moving for a second.
He tried to free his left arm and wing, twisting, and managing to lift his shoulder off the ground - Jörmungandr made him regret it immediately, coils constricting around him ferociously. He gagged around the sensation of his ribs bowing under the pressure, wings flexing and back arching like he’d been electrocuted.  He froze, groaning, powerless as he was pinned to the ground once more.
Dean followed his line of sight and movement caught his eye.  In the moonlight between the shadows cast by the tall grave stones, there was a figure walking with slow, jerky movements.  Like he was dragging a body or trying to subdue a struggling victim.
His grace flared again, hissing and spitting like a wounded animal and he clutched the arm rests so hard the wood cracked ominously.
When he hauled the door open, Dean’s gaze snapped all around, landing on Cesar’s truck then up to the colorful sunset, then began to scour the trees and ground all around him.  In his haste, he nearly stepped on the small pile of flowers by his feet.
He wondered if the spell could hear him, because just then it constricted hard enough to make him gag and he stumbled backwards, wings flaring as his back hit the wall and he slid to the floor.
Cas’ fingers were curling in the front of his shirt now and Dean finally pulled away when his head started swimming.
Sam nodded but didn’t look convinced.  “That’s true.  But it’s also possible that she went to the Jarl just because it was the right thing to do.  It’s what I would have done.”
one of the guild members.  It's unlikely they'll turn her over to us or tell us anything at all if she is one of theirs."
Cas seemed to be talking to himself now, but Dean was holding up his hands in alarm.  “Whoa, what?!  You didn't say anything about us having to fly through space!”  A quick glance over at Sam showed that his brother looked mildly concerned but no less ready to go.
something about it, he just hadn’t know what.  Moving from crisis to crisis both he and Cas had latched on to each new distraction, just for different reasons and, eventually, though Dean never forgot, it got easier to convince himself that Cas was ok.  That he was past those words now. He thinks Cas may have convinced himself too.
“I'm serious.  You think Cas is this closed book but have you ever just sat down and asked him a question?  Have you ever just been like, 'Hey, Cas, what's with the pile of blankets in the sitting room.' or 'Hey, Hannah, why are you and Cas sleeping in the same bed – nest, whatever – together?' or 'Hey, Cas, you obviously love flying, why have I never seen you do it before?'.  It's not that hard, Dean.”
.”  The nurse bowed his head over a patient’s chart and started filling it out in elegant, sloping handwriting.  “Come back with that paperwork and you can walk him out in a tutu for all I care.”
Dean’s heart sank a little.  So he would never be able to really understand Cas, no matter how hard he tried.  His tiny human brain just wasn’t built for it.
“Because it's the perfect cover for these two to have a little sky time because nobody will be there this time of year and in this weather.
“I should have told you – I should have let you know that that's not what you are to us. That we didn't just want you around because you were useful to us. I drove you to-”
He wondered if this was the first time Cas had talked about the Oblivion Crisis out loud since it had happened.
Dean found it all just as adorable as when Cas was using his grace to urge along little plants or when he was letting stupid little animals sit on his shoulder.
He blinked hard a few times and they vanished.  Ok so, he was probably close to passing out too.  Great.
“You know,” Dean settled down next to the fire with Cas pressing in to his side.  “I think we need to make this vacation stuff a regular thing,”
– Dean turned back to stare at him, taking in how he was grinning wide enough to show his teeth, eyes crinkling at the corners and shoulders rolling as he chuckled.
Sam spent a lot of the next few hours asking Cas a gazillion questions about alchemy, most of which Dean tried to stay interested in but quickly lost focus, instead gazing around like a tourist to distract himself from the, apparently permanent, ache in his legs.
Few words had ever made Castiel want to fight harder.  He sneered, flexing his wings, arching his back, but he couldn’t move an inch.
He took a sip of the coffee in his hand, wincing when he realized it had long since gone cold, and then nearly dropped the cup entirely when the heart-stopping sounds of Castiel's screams reached him all the way in the library.
The glow in Hannah's eyes was still lingering but Castiel's were glowing bright and blue an he was already looking out over the water again like he'd take flight immediately for another eight hours.
It was hard sometimes, to keep the roiling mix of emotions under control.  But it helped, being able to make Cas happy.  Seeing him snuggling down under the blanket he'd gotten the angel had calmed the hurt digging a hole in his chest.
The effect was instant and several things pulled at the creature's face, moving it in all sorts of interesting ways. He could see it happening, but failed to understand what it meant, so he waited, fingers twitching and muscles still coiled tight in case the need arose to move quickly.
Cas’ mask cracked a little, uncertainty and a flash of something too close to fear for Dean’s liking flickering over his face.  When he saw Cas’ hand twitch upward, he just
Cas pulled a few gold coins, seemingly from thin air, and pressed them into the palm of her small hand.
and Dean reached up to curl his fingers around the back of the angel's neck, pulling him back down so they were chest to chest because to have any kind of distance between them was just stupid.
Cas was muttering under his breath in Enochian and when they got back to the room the set of his wings was high and rigid.
When he'd finally taken his fill of the sights, Dean turned and was relieved to see that Sam had been staring out over the landscape, just as slack-jawed and awestruck.
Right.  It wasn't long ago that Dean remembered Cas trying to explain why humans couldn't see an angel's wings.  Dean had asked the question, to be fair, but there had followed a very, very
But Dean had stopped listening and Sam was looking back at Cas too, gun still trained on the poor, terrified dorctor.  Despite the urgency and the fact that they were really pushing their luck by continuing to stand there, Dean ducked his head to catch Cas’ eye.
Before he could let Cas know he was there as gently as he could, the toe of his boot caught on a rock and it smacked against the one beside it with a thick
Cas slept and Dean didn’t  He stayed awake through the night, trying not to feel the coldness growing between their bodies, pushing away Dean’s warmth faster than he could produce it.  He refused to shiver, refused to acknowledge it - only clutched Castiel closer while he ignored the light sputtering like a dying flame at the end of that long, dark tunnel.
, could they catch a break?  Just once could they be given a moment a reprieve?  A moment to rest?  A moment to
The chatter of a territorial squirrel suddenly shattered the serenity of the woodland sounds and the four of them laughed when Castiel turned to scowl into a patch of trees where the unseen squirrel was likely hiding.  After a moment of what was probably an intense staring match, the tiny little tree rodent suddenly darted out onto a branch hanging over the waterfall, it’s tail twitching spastically.
“It’s alright,” Liam assured him gently, motioning for Cas to come closer.  “The smell is quite intriguing isn’t it?  It’s the tea I brought for you.”
“That gun won’t kill me,” he panted, pressing a hand to his chest, willing his grace to settle.  He considered taking his blade out right then and there to redraw the sigil but decided Mary had probably been traumatized enough for one lifetime.
He would have gladly stayed there a while longer, breathing in the calming scents, but the threat of rain pushed them onward.  The sooner they found Fort Amol, the sooner they could carry on to wherever the next inn was.
He thought of the few times the brothers had called him family and only now wondered if they were saying it just to get him to do what they wanted.  How many times had he been dissuaded from his battle plans – plans he knew could work – because one of the brothers had asked him to?  How many times had he turned away from his own family for them?  How many times had he fallen for them?
Sam blinked and ran a hand through his hair, his nervous tic, and Dean’s eyes narrowed.  “It just catches me off guard sometimes, hearing you talk like that.  And I don’t mean that in a bad way!” Sam rushed to explain upon seeing Dean’s glower deepen.  “I’m sorry, it’s just…we’ve been dancing around serious topics our whole lives and it’s still kind of weird to acknowledge things like trauma, and consent, and emotions, and all this shit with
For a few moments, neither of them said anything and Dean prayed the silence would last into tomorrow.  He couldn’t take any more gut-wrenching revelations tonight.  There wasn’t enough peppermint tea in the world.
He smeared the blood in his mouth against the inside of his cheek, forcing more of the copper tang against his taste buds.
The blanket got hot, hotter than most people would find comfortable, but the book had said angels – the few the author had been able to observe – seemed to crowd around heat sources, especially when they were injured. It had said they would use their grace to generate heat levels that would harm a human, and cocoon themselves in their wings. Why hadn't been clear, but the author seemed to think it was a comfort thing and possibly even something to do with their grace. More heat meant more energy, the book had said, but it hadn't gone into any detail.
Behind him, Sam was still sitting at the table with his elbows resting on its weathered surface and his hands clasped in front of his mouth, attentive.
“I agree,” Castiel shrugged, “But would you have tried to kill me if I was a human and had caused such chaos?”
“Can you fly?” he blurted.  Apparently, he hadn’t bit his lip hard enough.  He scrambled to explain himself even as Cas squinted at him.
"No, we actually just wanted to ask you some questions.  I overheard you talking to Roggi last night."
Dean stared at his wall, tripping over ‘they’ again before it suddenly clicked, remembering long ago when he’d made a tasteless joke about Cas doing something ‘men’ aren’t supposed to do. Cas had given him a flat stare and told him that he, like all angels, was neither male nor female.
The fact that Cas was letting him sit as close as he was had been a huge step he hadn't expected that morning. His smile widened when Cas merely blinked at him, no trace of fear in his gaze, just...watchful.
.  Under her name was a small, square pin with a glittery frog sticker and a small block of text.  He had to wait until she shifted, reaching up to push her glasses back up her nose, to be able to read it.
The two necros seated at the table leapt up with a cry and the one sleeping in the bed in the corner jerked awake.
Dean stayed sitting on the edge of his bed, trying to push back the lingering fog of sleep from his brain, and watched Cas chewing slowly on the last piece of his bread.  The angel's blue eyes were back on the fire, unfocused as he turned over the thoughts in his head.
When the tips of his fingers touched the fine hairs at the base of Cas' neck, Dean suddenly realized just what the hell he was doing and abruptly pulled back, feeling dizzy and breathing hard.
Sam leaned back in his chair, looking thoroughly relieved.  “Ok, step one was a success.  Step two for today – rest.”
He made an effort to dust off some steely angelic walls and slammed them in to place like a makeshift wind block.  His skills were rusty, and the storm of emotions were still trying to blow him over…but some of the sharper pain stopped.  For the moment.
A throat shredding, primal sound of pure agony roared from behind the warded door just as Dean reached it and fumbled with the keys for the lock. The door shook on it's hinges and he winced, hearing Castiel's true voice pushing against the walls of his bedroom before it abruptly cut off and the sound of crashing and banging could be heard.
He rolled his shoulder, grimacing when his muscles resisted the simple movement with a warning flare of pain.
Dean's heart stuttered in his chest and the mess in his head suddenly became still. He looked up into Castiel's patient but confused eyes and suddenly knew just what he wanted to say. What he
Dean didn't mentioned that he'd shared the same fear, just kissed the back of Cas' hand again. "But you did."
“Jesus, how much did you buy?”  Sam asked after Dean had put the bags in the trunk and gotten back in the driver's seat.
Dean might have laughed at them even harder than he already was – if he didn’t know the sight of an angel calmly walking towards you with a diabolical grin and an eighteen-foot wingspan was actually terrifying.
“This is a decent weapon.  I don’t have anything that can match it in value of gold but certainly in value of durability.”
Dumbfounded, Dean closed his eyes, letting his brain re-work ten years worth or perceptions and assumptions about Cas and how his mind worked.
Castiel made an effort to even his breathing before he got too light headed.  Though he seemed to be light-headed near constantly the last few weeks.  It was becoming a struggle just to combat the constant dizziness and stay on his feet.
Dean pushed past Sam and fled, only just crashing to his knees in front of the toilet in time for his coffee to come back up.
so difficult to read humans?  Sometimes he felt as if he’d learned absolutely nothing over the last ten years.
In such an unfamiliar situation, this, at least, was something he knew how to handle.  It was far from the first time he’d found Cas in need of a supportive hand, having found the angel hurt and bleeding and exhausted too many times to count.  At least Dean could say he was good at helping him that way.  When Cas allowed it, anyway.
“Still morning,” Cas replied, finally turning away from the railing to stare at the brothers as they stood and stretched the sleep from their muscles. Cas’ wings twitched a few more times as he watched them.  “Our first priority is to try and speak with the Jarl.  I am hoping he will have some information on this person we are looking for and perhaps, if I can manage it, maybe he will gift us some equipment.”  Dean saw Cas clutch his right hand into a loose fist unconsciously.  The same hand he used to wield his angel blade.
The door slammed behind him without explanation, leaving the brothers in stunned silence with nothing but the sound of the rain pounding away on the roof over their heads.
Cas wasn’t much better, perched on the edge of the seat cushion, body and wings as still as a statue, obediently staring at the television without blinking and obviously not at all understanding what he was looking at.
Still, he didn't linger, quite worried Cas was going to walk in on him naked any second because the angel still didn't seem to understand the concept of knocking.  Dean finished washing his body and tugged his pants back on, before bending close to the basin and scoping some water over his head, scrubbing some of the soap into his short hair, and then pouring what was left of the warm water from the kettle to rinse out the suds.
“Hey, buddy!”  he cried jovially, as if greeting an old friend.  He sat down on the bench beside the guy, making sure the long blade on his back didn't catch on it.
It didn’t need to be that way, Sam had pointed out to him, with some trouble of his own.  And the fact that his much more emotionally mature little brother seemed to be struggling with these new concepts as well made Dean feel a little better.
Dean assumed Sam had some kind of lawyer-brained plan that he didn’t have time to explain in the interest of getting this done as soon as possible so when his brother came back with Mike in tow, he sat back and assumed he was basically just supposed to keep his mouth shut and let Sam do the talking.  Which he was more than ok with because usually talking only made things worse for him.
Halfway through, Castiel let his head fall back to rest against Sam’s chest and closed his eyes, having little other choice than to trust that Dean would finish the sigil without incident.  He couldn’t have fought back if he wanted to.  The binding would stop him.
By the end of Cas’ briefing, the three of them were standing on the road between The Drunken Huntsman and Adrianne's smithy, the two first shops near the entrance to the city, and Dean's mind was...doing unexpectedly well.  There had just been so much strangeness happening in such a short amount of time that he was pretty sure his brain was just refusing to process it all together.
After that, he'd vowed to whatever god might be listening that if he got Cas back again he would say the words, over and over.
The bulge in each of their pants was obvious and Dean slowly, deliberately, pushed down on Cas' hips at the same time he ground his own up, and was rewarded with a delicious drag of slow friction that pulled a groan from deep in Cas' chest and a ripple through his wings.
in the entire time Dean had known him. But it was obvious now, with most of Castiel's past influences stripped away that the want had always been there, he'd just never expressed it. Dean realized, with shame and regret coloring his cheeks, that Castiel had likely thought there was no point. After all, both he and Sam – ok, mostly him – had given him every reason to believe they wanted a soldier first and Castiel second; if at all. Why would he bother asking them for anything?
For a moment, the necromancer’s mouth remained a stubborn line but, with a casual movement, Castiel split his cheek with the tip of the arrow and he gasped, slapping his hand over the wound.
The sun rose before he could see it, and made quick work of the fog as it went.  By six o'clock, the fog was gone, as if it had never been, and the pinkish-grey light of dawn seeped into the sky over the water.
Carefully, he laid his sword on top of the musty quilt on the bed, the only dry thing that might suck the moisture away from the blade, before going to check out the cauldron.  It looked clean – if a little dusty – and big enough to cook up a pot of something for ten people.
Life was just casually existing here, just the same as it did on Earth.  These people had their own set of problems and their own little moments of reprieve.  For the first time, Dean felt like the alien.  Everything around him was so familiar but also so foreign.
He had forgotten that they were there, his entire world had collapsed down to Castiel and his lips, his breath, his skin.  But he didn’t care that they had an audience.  Didn’t care now they
The feathers along the leading edges, his marginal and primary coverts, had been charred black.  Hellfire, it seemed, burned so deep that even after a molt the new feathers came in blacker than ink.  But the scarring faded from black to navy a few inches down his secondary coverts.  Then faded further to the same kind of blue as deep ocean waters, lightening to a lighter blue halfway down his primaries and secondaries that reminded Castiel of the sky on clear autumn days.  Each of his secondaries had evenly spaced black bands that he rather thought tied in nicely with the black scarring on the leading edge.
“Listen, buddy,” she muttered tiredly.  “I need a flat surface for two minutes and you’ve got the only one without food trays on it.”
Cas' eyes were something special, Dean had finally allowed himself to admit - if only in his own head.  Once, when he was younger, one of John's hunts had taken them to the coast and after the werewolf had been slaughtered the man had shown an uncharacteristic kindness and brought Dean and Sam to the beach to swim in the ocean. He grinned at the memory of Sam's panicked expression when the sand under his feet had suddenly dropped away into the vast, fathomless, Pacific and he'd watched his big brother swim out over the gaping maw of the ocean.
He'd started keeping the angel at arms length after that, terrified with how hard his heart would beat when he got too close. Scared of how
Even with the threat of being eaten by a dragon, Castiel was still reluctant to get out of the hot water…but eventually he did, his
“Wow! These are so light!” Dean exclaimed, marvelling that something that looked like gold could weigh so little, “I could carry like a million of these things.”
Castiel hummed softly and for a while Dean was content just to watch him work. When he pulled a dented copper bowl from the basket beside the table and dumped the mashed-up contents of his mortar into it, Dean realized potion making looked a lot like cooking.  Cas placed the copper bowl over the open flame he had lit earlier, adding a little water to dilute it and then he turned to face Dean where he was leaning against the wall of the shack.
Sam leaned back in his chair, looking thoughtful.  “As much as any of this makes sense.  It certainly doesn’t make any
Maybe letting a couple humans rip out his feathers and give them to a demon was so vile and unfathomable to an angel that they would literally rather die.
“I think this is fucking mind-blowing,” Sam muttered.  There was an intense emotion in his voice that Dean couldn’t quite place, but that had him staring at the side of Sam’s face rather than at the picture of the disk-like galaxy on his laptop.  “We've done a lot of crazy shit Dean but we haven't done anything like this,” Sam snapped his laptop shut.  “Another planet.  We're going to
you...but I don't know how. How is that possible?” Confusion occluded some of the wariness in Castiel's eyes and, with a sickening jolt, Dean wondered if Cas would have cocked his head to the side if he hadn't been laying down.
Sam was at his side, his large hand settling just under Dean's on the angel's arm.  The sound of their combined labored breathing seemed very loud in the silence of the stone-walled room.
“Oh!  Apologies! Yes, angels eat souls, but they don’t need to eat much.  One human soul could last them several years and it’s not at all like how you and I need to eat.  A soul is like a battery and an angel’s system uses them very efficiently.  However, just like any other living creature, if the energy source is depleted, an angel’s body will start using up stores of power and then, when that is gone, it will start consuming the body itself and they will begin to starve.  Do you know when the last time was that Castiel ate?”
“I know you don’t have much time, so here’s what we’re going to do.  I’m going show up there tomorrow evening and be your lawyer.  They’re probably not going press you too hard because, sad to say, a domestic violence case probably isn’t at the top of their priority list.  But they will be running it through the basic procedures.  If they pressure you to confess to something or start asking questions before I get there, just tell them over and over that you’re not saying anything ‘till your lawyer gets there.  When I do get there, they’ll allow us time to talk in private and I’ll need the whole story to figure out if they’ve even got probable cause here.  Even if they do, probable cause is a pretty abstract concept and can usually be moulded in our favor.  So, hang tight, keep your mouth shut and your temper under control and I’ll be there soon.”
When an ambulance pulled up five minutes later, Dean hadn’t managed to calm down any and he watched with a growing sense of helpless frustration as the cuffs were taken off Cas and he was manhandled on to a stretcher and
"You two wait here,” Cas marched over to the edge of the road where the side of the mountain dropped away, so steep that only a few trees had managed to cling to the rocky slope, and his wings unfolded.
But Dean’s hand may as well have been a railroad spike pinning him to the floor.  Shamelessly – if Dean was offering, Castiel would take it – he pushed his wing up in to the hunter’s unmoving hand, craving the touch and marvelling at the fact that his wings
To be fair, Dean had been wondering the same thing since the angel had asked for the salmon.  The only time they'd seen Cas eat was when he was so weak he was nearly human.
“What's the plan, Cas?”  Sam said, readjusting the grip on his axes.  “'Cause my knowledge on trolls is a little rusty.”
Now that he was not only armed but also protected, he was feeling much more confident in this strange new place.
cotton pants clinging to his skin while he stepped away from the brothers a good ten yards and furiously beat his wings to get as much water off as possible.  When he came back and bent to pick up his armor, his nearly translucent pants clung to his skin like wet tissue paper and both Dean and Sam suddenly took an interest in some nearby plants.
With a growl, Castiel ground his teeth around another spike of rage and sucked some air through his nose, picking apart every molecule out of spite.
” he breathed, pulling all his pieces in close. The budding seeds send out silky tendrils, sinking into all the bits of grace he'd torn away and starting to knit them back together.
He realized that this was likely closer to Cas' natural state than being cooped up in the bunker with them.  They'd given the angel his own room of course but when one didn't need to sleep, one had little use for a bed.  Cas didn't stick around a lot, even though there wasn't much going on in their lives these days in the way of big baddies stealing the show.  He came and went, leaving for days at a time or sometimes longer…but he always came back.  At first Dean had worried.  Not about anything in particular, just in his experience, when there wasn't apocalypse levels of shit going on, why
The color was faint but it was there, along with half a dozen deep groves where the axe swinger had been a little too enthusiastic.  The basket was probably there to catch the heads.
The demon’s cryptic advice the night before had left Dean tossing and turning, unable to think of anything but the glasses he had so carelessly tossed in a box of junk.  He would have never thought to use them with Cas and wasn’t sure what they could possibly reveal to him, or if he’d be able to do anything with what they
Cas had barely eaten half his salmon and the roasted potatoes on the side before he stacked his plate on top of Dean’s empty one and picked up his mug of ale.  That was fine with Dean.  He polished off the rest of the salmon an potatoes, secretly glad the angel didn’t have much of an appetite.  The pie hadn’t filled him up nearly enough.
Over the last few months Dean had learned a lot about angels.  He'd seen Cas do things – indulge instincts and customs and habits – that he never had before.
read his mind.  He’d promised long ago that he would never do that again, but he supposed Sam’s face was easy enough to read. "Awesome."
"Yeah, we can't keep going like this, hoping there’s gonna be somewhere to sleep every night," Dean agreed.  "We’re going to run out of luck eventually and I don’t want to end up sleeping in the bushes again.  What's the closest big city?"
But his thoughts had slowed and that tight feeling in his chest had loosened to the point where he felt like he could breathe again.
Until he managed to kick it up again when Hannah found out what had happened between him and Cas.  Or did she even really need to know?  Cas had seemed so...enthusiastic about it and that was what confused him most.  Cas loved Hannah – had said as much himself – so why had he responded with such eagerness when Dean had -
Dean reached up to run a hand over his own face, feeling a thick beard well on it’s way.  He raked his nails through it on either side of his face, the rainwater that trickled through the hairs tickling unpleasantly.
He was pretty sure the only reason Sam didn't run right into the back of him was because they were moving equally fast, dashing to catch up to Cas.  Even so, it appeared they hadn't moved fast enough for the giants.  Another, even angrier, roar shuddered the air behind them, followed by the sound of massive feet stomping the earth and – oh, there was that impact tremor Cas had been talking about.
The last thing he saw before the back doors to the ambulance closed was the EMT flicking a syringe against the light and then bringing it down to Cas’ arm.
Instead of the familiar, comfortable, anger – Castiel knew how to handle an angry Dean – there was only sadness, deep and profound, in the man’s eyes.
like Nords."  She glanced pointedly at his wings.  "But for the most part they leave you alone."  Extending her hand to Cas, she said.  "My name is Aeranir."
' his brain supplied.  It was oil he was using to groom his wings.  The feathers that had not yet been groomed looked dull and matt but the ones Cas had finished with were glossy and the colors were deeper and richer.
With a solemn nod, Cas upended the duffle bag, spilling its contents.  The brothers stepped to the edge of the table to take a closer look and found themselves staring at a pile of strange looking clothing.
He listened while Sam told him that if he was feeling dizzy, shaky, nauseous, over tired or weak that it was all normal, but that he had to tell one of them immediately if he suddenly started experiencing chest pains or had trouble breathing.  Or if he started shaking and couldn’t stop.
An ungodly, gurgling roar of rage burst from the beast's throat and Dean couldn't resist the impulse to glance over his shoulder, nearly tripping when he saw Cas' wings flare wide in a breathtaking display of aggression.  The long, thick flight feathers fanned apart, looking like lethal swords that gleamed in the morning sunlight.
realize until it's too late and then I'm already...”  he lifted his eyes and shrugged, looking from one brother to the other, willing them to understand without having to actually say it.  Shame was still heating his face, and it was making it hard to lasso the right words to explain himself.
He felt his wing tips drooping towards the ground and let them fall, the feathers fanning out across the tiled floor, and rode another angry wave of pain.
Cas’ eyes were narrowed against the sudden light, his face pale and pinched with pain and a bruise was blossoming across his cheek from where a vampire had probably caught him in the face.
He huffed another sigh and rolled his head to look at his brother but Sam's expression still lacked comprehension.
Crowley texted him a few hours later, simply telling him to ‘answer the call when it comes’ and, being in that perpetual state of both trusting and not trusting the guy, Dean just jabbed his thumb at the screen when it displayed ‘
He was sitting in one of those places in Lebanon that you drive by but never actually stop and go in to.  But he’d needed to get away.  Desperately.  He needed to get out of that bunker and do something that involved other, more
Instead of obsessing over it, he chose to shift his focus back to Cas, who had an unusual expression of both suspicion and curiosity on his face while he watched Liam open his tattered briefcase at the end of the table.
what's going on!”  Castiel snapped before he could stop himself.  Over his head, the high ceiling cracked ominously and both brothers' eyes shot up.
“Don’t waste your breath,” Cas muttered against the side of his neck and Dean turned his face back to talk into Cas’ hair.
"Evening, travelers.  Your friend tells us you've just passed through Helgen," he said with a grave look.  "We tried to smoke the bandits out just last week but no luck.  They're were a tricky bunch."
It was an old abandoned warehouse - because that's what it always was - and the place looked ready to fall apart.
His eyes did that a lot now – glow blue like that – mostly when he was especially happy, like whenever he got the chance to fly.  Hannah's did it too sometimes, though not as often.
Though the guards had been watching them this whole time and had made no move to draw their weapons.  Perhaps they were just waiting until the trio was closer to strike.
Dean wasn't usually one to stop and appreciate the scenery but he felt the need to do so now.  He was on a rugged, untammed, alien planet, after all.
On earth, a dead lead was no big deal, most of the time.  They could drive across the entire country and back in less than a week if they really put their minds to it.  But here…here, deciding to follow the wrong path could spell disaster.
Here and there, clouds of steam billowed from cracks in the ground and Dean wondered just what the heck was going on under their feet.  Blessedly, neither the steam nor the pools of water smelled anything like the ones in Yellowstone Park back on earth.  For which he was eternally grateful.
“I think that’s enough of the heavy stuff for now.  What say we move on to introductions?  Why don’t I wait outside and you can fetch Sam and Castiel and the four of us can all have a nice chat?”
Dean pulled his hand out from under Cas', shoving aside the jolt in his gut when Cas flinched away like he'd done something wrong, because he was going to make it better.  He immediately took Cas’ hand again, his finger's curling around Cas' palm firmly to make sure he understood it was alright.  For several long seconds Cas' hand was lax under his but Dean paid it no mind, keeping his eyes on the road and his grip steady, and his patience was rewarded with Cas' fingers closing around his hand, the movement hesitant and shy.
Dean’s heart gave an aching beat and he wished he could let Cas curl up and sleep again until tomorrow.  But time was of the essence and the moment Dean had been dreading had finally arrived.
It seemed a very long time that the same despairing thoughts carved circles through his mind; it was longer still before he realized there was a hand on his wing.
Dean raised his hands in a gesture of surrender, “Ok, ok I'm sorry, I'll stop, I promise.” Even though Cas was blushing with his wings it did nothing to make that glare any less terrifying.
Dean stared a the sword Thorygg was holding out to him.  It looked like the blade, the hilt and the pommel had all been forged from one solid piece of the same gold-bronze colored metal.  The edges of the three foot blade were clean and sharp but careful care had been taken by whoever had crafted it to carve exquisitely detailed lines and patterns onto either side of the blade from the hilt to the tip.
There were tiny red and white flags pinned in various places on the map that meant nothing to him, but he let his eyes snap from city to city, reading strange names like Markarth, Rorikstead, Solitude, Dawnstar, Falkwreath…among others.  Some he wasn’t sure he’d be able to pronounce.
He hauled a breath through his nose with great effort, swallowed down the scream in his throat, and squeezed his eyes around the prickle of frustrated tears.
