"We can start smaller- get you a little dildo, soft skin... then maybe a vibrator." Reaching out, Gabriel picked out a few of the toys. "Feel free to grab anything you'd like to use on me."
"That's it, Cas. So fucking perfect." Dean twisted his finger, starting a slow rhythm. "Tell me when you want more."
Gabriel shook his head, sighing. "Fine. I get it. But he is going to murder me." He looked at Sam, "Let's go get your brother."
"Really- felt so damn good. Couldn't even try to hold back." Gabriel tugged Sam into a kiss. "I want you inside of me, Sam."
"Oh. Yeah. Sorry, Sammy. I shouldn't have assumed. It's just..." Dean'd been sort of counting on it, which wasn't fair to his brother.
"Is there anything else you want to know, love?" Dean nuzzled along his jaw, wanting Castiel to be as happy as he could make him.
"I want to suck your cock while I open you up. I want to swallow down that fucking massive cock of yours, then I want to lick that precome dripping from it while I finger your tight ass open. You good with that, Sam?" Licking across to Sam's other nipple, Gabriel let his teeth scrape across it.
"Later." Dean pulled him into a deep kiss, nipping at his mouth. "But I am glad that it turns you on too."
Gabriel rubbed her back, handing her another card. "This is me. You said your phone wasn't working? I want to add you to our cell phone plan, we'll get you a new phone and have it delivered with our numbers in it. Does that work?"
Grinning, Dean watched the enjoyment cross his face. "Right? It's like pie on your tongue with the vanilla ice cream on top."
Pressing a kiss to the pulse, Dean smiled before sucking gently at the spot for a moment. He inhaled his scent, then looked at the screen.
"That a proposal, Samshine? I accept, of course." He turned to place little dishes with chopped fresh fruit onto the table.
Cas wrapped an arm around Dean. "Your family doesn't care," he whispered to his boyfriend. "Your gifts are priceless."
Nodding shakily, Sam took a deep breath. “One summer, my brother stole some things from a store. Bread, a jar of peanut butter.”
Gabriel quickly knelt on the floor in front of Sam, almost wincing at the contact. He wrapped his hand around Sam's cock, then took him into his mouth.
Fuck baseball. He gave a little thrust and whimpered. If Gabe could do this with just his tongue, Sam couldn’t imagine how good it would feel to make love with him.
Dean knew that his fiance was getting annoyed with him, but he was going insane. Dean wasn't used to sitting still, and he'd managed for a long time... a few weeks, that is, but he was bored. He ran with Sam constantly, took Scout out after dinner for runs, did the chores- hell, he was sure that you could eat off the floor. That being said, Cas seemed content to read or play with Frodo and Bilbo.
Charlie nudged his arm. "I am wicked excited for you. Do you have a specific vehicle that you want to look at?"
Elias ran up to him, carrying a bag of goldfish. "Fish fish! Hi!"  He held out a handful to the man, grinning from ear to ear.
"I looked it up after we talked about it. Wabi-sabi..." Dean's voice was husky as he spoke, watching Castiel's finger move over the piece. It felt incredibly intimate, watching him touch the art that Dean'd created for him.
Castiel stayed right there for a few moments, drawing strength from his alpha. “Okay... I think I’m ready.”
Cas hummed softly and snuggled Dean closer. “I should take a shower... Sam is so excited about going out...”
"Good, that's good." Gabriel knew it sounded a bit stupid, but he was definitely worried about the bodyguard.
Handing the pie to Dean, Gabriel paused, looking at his little brother. "Yeah, Cas? You want another piece?"
Grinning at the way his hair tufted up around the hat, Dean followed him downstairs. "So how are you feeling today?"
"Love you, kiddo. So much." Gabriel kissed his fingers, squeezing back. Fuck, the color in Castiel's cheeks... had he ever seen that?
"So is your morning sickness doing better, love?" Gabriel ignored that slap. She'd definitely spanked him harder than that in the past. "Can I see the picture?"
“I’m right here, Gracie. I didn’t leave you.” He opened the kit and began cleaning the bloody scratches.
"Oh. Er... I can do that. That's..." Dean reached for Remy, scratching his ears gently. "I like dogs. Remy comes with me though. He's trained. He won't do anything to cause trouble."
The corner of Crowley's mouth turned up, and he walked over to where she'd been sitting. "Garth's location of injury wasn't released, Rowena. And yet you knew."
"That makes sense," Gabriel smirked slowly, rubbing his hands together. "I'll commission a piece for your office, and then you can do one for me. We'll pull him aside separately for these ideas, do it in secret... a surprise for each other."
Gabriel stirred slowly, blinking open his eyes. "Samshine?" He mumbled, trying to sit up a minute later.
"Oh? Dean was talking about all of the cooking that gets done, apparently. We're looking forward to it. As kids... well, we learned to hide in the kitchen." Gabriel made a face at the memory.
"Go ahead and hold out some for her, Sam. Let's see if she'll come closer." Gabriel knew that she definitely hadn't been thrilled about him picking her up, but fuck, he'd had to do something. She'd been scared since he'd set her down.
Reluctantly, he pulled his fingers away from Castiel's body. "I love that you've been plotting." He grabbed the bag, opening it eagerly.
He leaned down, kissing his daughter's head just as the door opened. A commanding redhead entered the room, waving a hand. Two men followed, carrying a table and food, along with chairs. "Dean, Dean, Dean- honestly, you'd think that you could have managed a phone call," She chided.
Snagging them, Dean rushed over to where they were loading Gabriel onto the stretcher. Fuck. His hands were swollen and red, and he forced himself to hand the keys off rather than doing it himself. They'd take care of them. He turned, looking at Jody. "We're going to the hospital. Tell them if they want to talk to us where we are."
"Fuck, Cas..." Dean bit his lower lip, thrusting up into his hand involuntarily. "I'd make you feel so good- lick you open before I even pushed a finger in..."
"Already handled, Sammich. I'd never burn this dinner." Gabriel nipped along his neck, feeling Sam shiver.
"No, because I intend on making each kiss better than our last." Grinning, Dean ran his thumb along Castiel's lower lip.
Gabriel stilled as he watched him for a moment before rushing to get a pair of pants and a t-shirt on as well.
"This- I... I liked the thing you did with your thumb..." Dean reached down, showing him how he'd rubbed the head on the upstroke.
The trip to the little park Dean and Castiel had loved as kids was short, and Dean squeezed Castiel's hand. "I have security all over. Every person in this park is working for me. Okay?"
Carefully covering Castiel up, Dean turned off the lights and crawled into bed. He couldn't resist pulling Castiel into his arms, staring a little bit at the ring on his hand. A band of metal and some shiny stones, and he was Cas's...
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas freed a hand and took the offered clothes. “I’m sorry we had to end the celebration so soon.”
Dean felt like he was flying- too light but not, and everything just focused on Castiel. It took him a moment to hear him, and he nodded before moving to do what he was told. He could hear Castiel walking around- grabbing the lube.
Dean hit play, showing Castiel the video of her curled over Gabriel's heart. "Hell, she is adorable. Must get it from her mom."
Dean watched as Gabriel solved the space issue by crawling into Sam's lap. Yep, he was feeling better.
"Cas, I don't want to push you... I mean, I loved it, but... I don't want you to do anything you're not ready for." Laying his head on Castiel's shoulder, Dean just relaxed, allowing himself to hold him.
Grinning as he thought of Castiel's childhood, Gabriel handed his brother some change. "Go ahead, kiddo."
"Aren't you sexy? And I was about to go start breakfast for everyone." Smoothing Castiel's hair, Dean smiled as it popped back up. "Gabriel will have a field day with Sam. Oh! How'd our pets do?"
Gabriel grinned as he parked. "So you're sure that this is the car that you want?" He teased, unable to resist.
"I- fuck, Sam, I need you inside of me. Where'd the lube go?" The older man definitely didn't want either of them getting too lost in the moment.
Watching Sam closely, Gabriel started to paddle him, watching the way his skin pinken, then turning red with each stroke. "Look at you, Sweetness... how's this feel? Tell me?"
"For- ah. We should have thought about that before now. He should have been given his own horse." He frowned a bit, resolving to mention it to Castiel.
Gabriel leaned over, kissing his jaw. "Don't worry. It's your brother. He is more important." Fuck, if that'd happened with Castiel...
"And he's gonna look for excuses to get to cuddle you because you're his." Dean shot him a smile, then blew Castiel's hair gently from his face where it kept tickling him.
"Shh... just come for me? Come on my hand. I'll come with you." Dean rolled his hips, fucking Castiel's hand.
The entire time Gabriel'd been stuck in this hell, he hadn't felt fear like this. That smile was different somehow, and terror climbed up his spine. "Y... yeah." The chocolatier cursed the stutter. He could do this. He'd make it through for Sam.
Dean smirked, slowly pulling free of Castiel. "I'll clean us up, love." Castiel was covered in come.
“I’m thankful. Gabe, I have to go. Meg is making me eat. Love you.” Castiel smiled, relieved to have heard Gabriel’s voice.
Pleasure shot through Sam and he laid back more comfortably against the chaise. “I want to come, Sir.”
Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's hair, wrapping his arms around them both after tugging the blanket around them.
"That's a good point. Hell, I suppose back in the day with Lisa, I'd have been thinking rooms for kids."  He snorted softly at the thought now. "You'll have to keep me company."
"Of course, gorgeous. I'm not wasting my chance to get my hands on that body of yours." Gabriel winked at him, wearing a small pair of red swim trunks.
"I think, Sam, that you underestimate what I- what we, your family, will do for you." Gabriel moved, nuzzling his shoulder before going back to cutting apples for the pie.
“It does.” He let out a sleepy yawn. “If I fall asleep, it’s because you’re very warm and comfortable.”
“The way you would hold me... how you felt when you were...you were buried inside of me. Just looking in your eyes...”
Dean looked over at them, grinning as he munched on the popcorn. Somehow, he had a feeling that he was going to be walking Sammy down the aisle- or whichever way they decided to do it.
"Trying to spoil him, hm?" Bobby laughed, watching Gabriel hug Castiel. "He'll love it. Are you guys done with lunch? It looks good."
Licking his lips, Dean watched him closely. "...That sounds good." And he was not allowed to eat it off of Castiel's body, no matter if it would be delicious…
"Strawberries sound delicious." Dean laced their fingers together before grabbing out the berries from the crisper. "I'll just bring them all- Sammy'll want some when he sees them."
Squeezing Sam's knee, Gabriel started a rhythm, swallowing his cock to the base, then pulling back a bit- Sam's bucking hips were fucking his cock into his mouth, and damn if that wasn't perfect.
It was impossible to stay quiet- Dean just couldn’t with Castiel’s hands on his hot cheeks, prying them apart and his tongue- holy fuck, he was in heaven, just feeling his
"Don't even think of moving. I'm comfortable. I like this, holding you." Gabriel brushed his lips against Sam's hair without thinking about it.
"Love you, Sam, love this!" Unable to resist, Gabriel started to ride him in earnest now, chasing his orgasm.
"Shh... here honey." Dean gently handed Castiel the sandwich, then looked over at his brother. "Thanks for making this for him."
"Do you remember me, Cas?" Tilting his head a bit, Dean watched his brow furrow. God, he used to do that all of the time...
Dinner went well enough, and Gabriel allowed Charlie and Glinda to shove him away from clean up so that he could get the adorable little Zeppelin into her bath, since, she had decided to put food in her hair and somehow, his.
Hell- He could feel his heart clench at the sweetness of the moment. They were utterly perfect together. Gabriel swallowed hard. He was going to ride him until he did the thing where Sam lost patience and just fucked him into the bed, pinning him.
"Indeed!" He pointed to the window, where the two men could see several nurses gathered around Jude's isolette. "Ms. Jude is having a graduation today."
"Definitely, love. Come on." Drying his own hair, Dean slipped his arms around Castiel, helping him towards the bathroom.
"He'll be home soon, and I am trying to get a few days off so we can visit. It's just hard with Gilda out." Dean squeezed Castiel gently closer.
"My phone's a bit small if I'm reading on my kindle..." Gabriel smirked, running his fingers over Sam's body. "Trust me, it'd hide nothing."
"Of course. You know I'm your doctor," Garth assured him, then looked over at Sam. "We need to go up to labor and delivery. That's the third floor, okay? Charlie is on her way."
“We did.” Cas took the newborn and carried her to her little seat. She barely moved when he laid her in it, and when he was sure she was comfortable, he went back to his brother.
"Fuck..." Dean's green eyes darkened as he scented the slick, his cock hardening as his rut reared it's head valiantly, reminding him how very much he wanted his mate. He swallowed hard, staring at him. "Cas..."
John's hand flashed out, hitting Castiel in the side as Dean's fist connected with his father's jaw, knocking him back and to the ground, still. "Son of a bitch!"
"I don't think it looks that much like Sammy," Snickering a little, Dean realized he was going to have to introduce Castiel to Crowley.
Dean finished putting the hot packs in the box to cool while the kittens ate. He looked at Castiel, then smiled as he saw him watching the kitten. "We want the three-legged one..."
Kissing between his shoulders, Gabriel began to rub the cream into his reddened skin. "You're beautiful, Samshine. Was this all that you hoped?"
Gasping, Dean's muscles flexed and he watched Castiel's fingers explore him, transferring some of the lube to his own length. He shifted his position a little, then wrapped his hand around Castiel's cock.
“I got it.” Sam played with his hair as he called downstairs and ordered a delicious breakfast for the two of them.
“She keeps running into me, telling me how good I look.” Sam shook his head. “I’m… I’m pissed. She was a decent girlfriend until I told her I thought I was bi. Then nothing I did… I just...”
“I am perfectly happy holding you against the wall and rutting against you until I come,” Sam assured him, bucking his hips a little.
The shocking blue of the Professor's eyes damn near had Dean starring, but it wasn't fucking about that. "Look, I'm here because of my younger brother- he busted his ass for weeks on that paper, and you're just going to tell him it's not good enough? He needs to rewrite it?" Shaking his head, Dean placed his hands on his hips. "It's a pretty shitty thing, considering that I know despite everything, you're his favorite professor."
“It’s not your fault, Dean.” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder as they walked. “And what do you mean by counting spoons?”
Dean glanced at the dark haired man,  finding himself relaxing as he breathed in the honeyed scent. The pained scent was right there still, but the tension and bit of apprehension were lessened.
"Definitely all yours." The blond moaned, rocking his hips into Sam's touch. He had a fairly large cock, but Sam's hands...
Gabe grabbed the cat with a grin and gave it a cuddle. "You're a doctor, Gabe. you know what I'm going to say. Keep him hydrated and well-fed, and if you absolutely have to, use meal shakes if he can't keep anything more substantial down."
“So good for me, aren’t you? Look at you just taking my cock.” Sam’s fingers moved to Gabriel’s hips, gripping his hips over where the red lace barely clung to his hips. After all, he’d shoved them down beneath his cheeks. Still, it was fucking beyond sexy.
The nurses watched, more than ready to jump in if needed. Dean grinned, watching the two. "Aww, she pooped more!"
Cas helped the boy inside and set their dinner on the counter. Then, once everyone was inside, he let out a sharp whistle.
Tears sprang to Sam’s eyes. Swallowing thickly, he crossed the floor and pulled Gabe into his arms. Then he kissed his alpha deeply.
Sam looked around the room in amazement. There were so many books that he was certain he would never finish them all. Tears sprang to his eyes. “I loved to read...before...”
Nodding, Cas ate more of his chicken parm. It was the best thing he had tasted in years and he hummed contently.
"How are you feeling, Dean-o?" Gabriel stood from where he'd perched himself, moving over to look at the elder Winchester's jaw.
"Heya, kiddo... How are you feeling?" Gabriel tried to contain some of his... himness... He knew that he drove some people nuts.
Reassured that he had said the right thing, Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips and pulled him even closer.
"Shh. You didn't upset me, Cas. I was worried about you. I love you, remember?" Dean kissed his temple.
God. A tear slipped down Dean's cheek as he held Castiel close. He didn't know what to say- what if he upset him or hurt him? "Love, anything that you need, you tell me and I will do it, okay? I am so sorry that they did that to you. I don't... I wouldn't ask anything... sexual. I know that we're so much more than that."
After the first five blows, Castiel rubbed his hand over Dean’s cheeks. He massaged at his ass before he landed the next set. His boy’s voice was almost wrecked- he could tell that Dean wanted more. He was definitely working on remembering what number he was on now.
Watching Castiel go, Gabriel moved over to Sam's side. He smiled, gently kissing him. "Sammy... wake up, gorgeous."
Castiel leaned forward and nuzzled Dean’s neck, lightly teasing his heavy balls. “You’re my alpha...”
"Is that a yes, Samshine? Gonna let me lick your lollipop right here?" Gabriel purred, grinding against him with a smirk.
"Deal." Following him back, Dean scrubbed up, taking a deep breath. "I'm scared I'll hurt her. She's tiny."
Gabriel frowned at the idea, shaking his head. "I'll be fine. Sam's doing fine taking care of me." He winced after shaking his head. Bad idea.
"Hey..." Gabriel pouted at the candy bar then at his lover. "Seriously? I didn't even get a kiss for my candy."
"Tease..." Dean bit his lower lip, grinning. A delicious tingle had started where he'd been swatted though.
Gabriel hugged Sam, kissing his jaw. "We'll work this out. Breathe, I'll explain... I didn't know they were the buyers." Thankfully, Lucifer had ignored them completely.
"Just sleep with me tonight." Dean froze as he said the words, looking at Castiel. "I just... sometimes Sam and I can't sleep, so…"
"Kahli?" Dean tilted his head a bit. Both of the men had been strangely quiet when it came to Gabriel's
"The quicker she cuddles, the quicker she eats," Dean explained to his brother. "It's like when you were little and I read to you." He sat next to Castiel, nudging him softly. "You okay?"
“I don’t think it’s sad... when you find the right person, you’ll understand why the others didn’t work
"All right- let's go for a walk and get some of that vitamin D!" The Firefighter bounced ahead a bit towards the stairs.
"Sam... it might have missed your purview, but I'm not just any alpha. I'm yours. And I'm damn attracted to all parts of you, especially this gorgeous cock." Gabriel smirked at him, then swallowed him down.
Making a pleased sound, the doctor leaned into his hand. Wanting to touch, Gabriel slid his hands down Sam's back to cup his ass and pull him closer.
"Well, they're my pups." Dean laughed, kissing him softly. "I've got a pie in the oven so you can have more later."
He caught her wrist, watching her for a long moment. "Thank you, Ruby. Seriously." Hell, he'd never thought that he'd say that. Ruby, unlike Meg, wasn't someone that he could see as family. Not really with her attitude for some things, but she was a good nurse. She did her job, and maybe it was because she'd talked about the DNR with Castiel before Gabriel could tell him no.
The last thing Dean remembers is the mark on his arm burning. As he opens his eyes his world goes black.
he’s treating him like he’s actually some sort of decent human after what he just did. Out of all people Cas should have some sort of knowledge about how fucked up everything is with what just happened with Gordon. Dean thinks that since Cas is here, that means he has to know at least some sort of what happened. Surely Charlie must have filled Cas in to –
Bringing his knees up to his chest, Dean rests his arms across them before resting his head on top of then.
After Sam dishes them both out generous portions of the soup, they both sit and begin eating in the living room with an awkward air around them. Dean manages to take a few spoonfuls of it before setting it down on the coffee table. It’s good. The aroma is something that, on a good day, would make his mouth start watering almost immediately. Tasting it is even better. But there’s a spice in it that reminds him too much of the undertones of Benny’s scent.
Dean can’t stop fucking staring. Maybe it’s a mixture of not having seen his best fucking friend for a few weeks (pixelated, blurred out Zoom calls don’t count, thank you very much), working a messed up case while Cas was gone or getting closer to the age where one night stands just aren’t cutting it anymore.
He hears a key in the door and glances at the clock on the table beside the bed. The brother’s haven’t been gone long enough to eat, maybe one of them forgot something?
He chuckles at the alphas choice of car as he walks around it to see what he’s going to be dealing with. The color along with the actual car itself looks like the guy is more a of back-in-the-day pimp. Dean’s lips twitch up in a smile, it’s nice to see something that isn’t basically a computer on wheels. As he bends down to look at the tire that brought the guy in he sees the drivers rear tire is flat, but not blown, which is good. Hopefully the man didn’t drive on it too far causing the rim to bend. Dean leans in closer to the wheel and sees that the tire is pretty worn down. Getting up and moving around the car he sees the rest of the tires and sees more or less the same thing. Sighing he walks back to the garage to grab a tire jack and his tools.
Castiel looks down at the man he’s being trying to save for months, but only sees some distorted, twisted image in his place. He focuses on that, and pulls at all his grace not being used for injuries. His eyes must be glowing from his power, because the laughter has abruptly stopped. He looks down at the man under him, and watches as Dean’s Dean’s lips twitch into a scowl. The demon tries to push Castiel off, but he hardly even registers the touch, remaining unmoved.
He clenches his jaw, looking away from the younger brother. Everything he had ever learned about the Mark and the First Blade was vague. Facts about what had happened, of course, there was no denying the actual events that happened. But then there were rumors about Cain he tried to dismiss. It was all purely speculation, stories, and guessing games. Anything deeper than actual body counts from Cain and his Knights was simply something Castiel avoided. Cain had stopped though. Why had Cain stopped? If The Father of Murder could disappear and ignore the urge for killing, surly Dean could as well?
It’s not shame that he feels. It’s not embarrassment over the fact that he and Cas hadn’t had penetrative sex, because what they had was deeper than just some quick fuck and a one night stand. They had sex, not that Gordon needs to fucking know
The snow falls, coating the road to the point where Dean has to drop down his speed making it seem like they’re barely moving. The sound of legos rattling in the vents seems louder than usual as Dean messes with the radio trying to find a station that isn’t complete static or playing either country or Christmas music. After cycling through three times and finding nothing, Dean gives up and turns the whole thing off.
“Castiel! Stay with me, damnit! Fuck!” The voice is miles and miles away, fading farther and farther into silence.
On top of the shit end deal omegas have to face, people are still having kids. Beta females and omegas of both genders, the world still spins and life keeps on living. Babies born now seem to need longer with whoever birthed them. Sam says it says something to do with scent bonding. Instead of cradling a baby in the crook of your arm like everyone use to, they seem to crave being snug against their parent’s neck, nearest to where the scent gland is. Due to the babies’ behavior and where their designation names come from, doctors start jokingly calling the babies, pups. It catches on like wildfire.
Eyeing the one with the needle still in his hand, Dean finds his unease coming back. Since he’s been cursed with the male omega burden he’s only ever seen his brother for anything medically related. At this point, and given his situation, Dean doesn’t think he will ever be able to really trust anyone else touching him or being around him behind closed doors. Especially not one wanting to drug him into compliance. Fuck that.
“Wouldn’t’ve happened if you hadn’t postured like some alpha wanna be,” Dean mutters back, running a hand through his hair trying to breathe out his nerves. Seriously. What the hell is going on with him?
Next he notices the heat. It’s an extreme wetness, humid, and not just from the fires around him. It is the kind of heat that creeps into your lungs with heaviness and makes you feel like you’re drowning on your own breath.
came sliding into place. He wasn’t broken. He wasn’t wired wrong. What he had been feeling all is life was, for all intents and purposes, normal. There were others out there in the world like him, feeling the same things he was feeling, and it was okay. He was okay. It wasn’t wrong.
“You should like shit,” Sammy says in greeting. “Are you feeling okay? Have you eaten anything? Tell me you are at least –”
“Since the moment I first touched your soul in hell,” he replies barely in a whisper, as if confessing a sin. “As I remade you, I engraved a spell on your bones, sealing away the secret. Since you were made with my grace, some of it transferred into me. I…I had to. You were part of God’s plan —”
“Are we really going to have a repeat of our last conversation?” Dean crosses his arms, an amused smile pulling at his lips. “You don’t know what I’ve done. Who I am now.”
Castiel steps forward keeping the syringe lowered. Dean eyes track him, glancing every now and then to the needle.
“I have heard whispers about my…” Clearing his throat and ducking his head, Cas still doesn’t move away from him. Even in the dim light they’re close enough that Dean doesn’t miss the flush filling the angel’s cheeks. “Uh, well, about the company I keep.”
But I started this with my person, and she would be damn disappointed if I didn’t finish it, regardless of her being gone.
“I don’t even know who you are!” Dean snaps. “You don’t get to put that guilt trip card on me! I did my fucking time! And then some! I’m beyond overdue for it to be over.”
Castiel tilts his head and stares up at Dean, shifting just a bit closer. Dean can feel the heat radiating off of him and all he wants to do is lean in and soak it all up. “Are you feeling okay?”
Blinking himself back into the present, Castiel realizes he’s still staring at Dean, no longer searching his handsome face for any marks that weren’t there before he left. No, he’s doing that “weird staring thing” people call it. The only difference is Dean is staring right back at him.
Doing just that, Dean sees a highway marker, and parks the Impala far enough over next to it. Letting out a sigh, he twists in his seat, turning to face Castiel.
Castiel forces himself to pull his arms away from Dean and painfully push himself to feet. “Enochian.” He replies quietly, walking over to the couch. The words themselves are too personal, and something he’s only ever allowed himself to share when Dean’s nightmares are too much.
There are so many feelings and emotions flip-flopping inside him Dean can’t even attempt to argue an apology out, anyway. He doesn’t think he’s ever felt like this before. Is it even possible to be crying and laughing at the same time? Is there even such a thing as feeling extremely happy, beyond terrified and still have lingering sadness all at once?
“Dean,” Castiel says thickly. “Will you please allow these men to look at your bruises?” Dean shudders as Castiel’s fingers lightly brush over where his mating bite is. “I do not agree with how they are doing things, but they are correct. The law requires us to report any situation involving the abuse of an omega with an alpha. It’s mandatory you need to be examined.”
that their own body refuses to function properly for them. No matter how tired they may be, sleep escapes them. They’d even take one of those nightmares that use to plague them instead of the two hours of sleep filled with vivid dreams of a happily ever after haunting his only escape from reality.
Charlie stays with him that night, rubbing his back as he throws up what feels like, everything he’s drank in the last seventy-two hours. When he wakes up in the morning his apartment is suspiciously clean of all empty bottles. He looks, but can’t seem to find any full bottles of liquor anywhere, either.
"Sam! You're so damn close to graduation!" Fuck! He had to finish the meal. He made himself breathe, turning to finish up the meatballs subs.
Dean grinned, moving to climb out of the car to meet his brother. "Hey, Sammy." He didn't make it far before Cas was there.
Making a pleased noise, Gabriel finished off his ice cream and slid his bowl onto the table. "I'm perfect for you, Sammich... and I've got every intention of making some damn good memories with you in that bed."
The next morning, Cas was out of the house before Dean woke up. Charlie and Gabe took Dean back to the clinic, where he worked under Charlie’s tutelage until noon. Then Gabe drove Dean and Remy back to the ranch.
Dean smiled at his mate, trying not to be amused at Gabriel's remark. "But you're a cute whale- make all the boy whales go waaa!"
"Fuck, Samshine..." Moving slowly because of his injuries, Gabriel hugged him close. "I've got you, love."
"Are you sure, Samshine? I know how important it is to you." Making a soft noise as Sam tugged at his hair, Gabriel looked up at him.
"Yeaaaah...  he doesn't smell barren to me. There's... a change in scent." Gabriel explained to his mate, watching as Elias played in the bouncer Dean'd bought. "I didn't want to get his hopes up without testing, but I didn't think they'd just..."
"Oh, you know it. He actually called earlier, wanting to know when we'd be in." Hearing the doorbell, Gabriel grinned at Castiel. "You wanna get Meg, or should I?"
Cas and Charlie began dishing out dinner and Cas looked immensely pleased. “After dinner, we can watch a movie or go for a walk?”
Dean stroked Castiel's side as he ate, "This is delicious. Seriously. I haven't had anything like this in..."
"What, you mean my damn birthday?" The musician's fingers tightened on the bottle in his hand. "Or the day Cas went missing? Same fucking day?" The last fucking thing that he felt like doing was eating, especially when he just had to think of the day and remember the cops telling him- Castiel's family telling him- that the amount of blood in the room made it extremely unlikely that Castiel had made it. When they hadn't found a single fucking clue about any of it and had done nothing but apologize.
Gabriel bit his lip as he looked at Sam. "He knew just what to say to upset me. I wish I'd hit him."
“If he follows the diet and exercise plan his surgeons give him, yes. He’ll never play very physical sports, but he’ll be able to run, drive, go to college...everything he’s missed out on so far.”
Gabriel looked over at Sam, stroking his fingers over Sam's back. He could see the longing in when Sam looked at the dog. They were going to get one, soon. “That’s perfect.”
The color drained from Sam’s face. “You do what you need to,” he managed. He was still trying to be professional but the words cut deeply.
Watching Sam pale, Gabriel bit his own lower lip. "There's a reason that I told you Zachariah was interested in me."
"I hope she likes what we picked out for her." Gabriel's eyes narrowed his eyes at the wall. "What color should we paint it? We'll have to get me a ladder." Or that tall drink of water- no, Gabriel. Behave. Sam Winchester lost his brother for yours. He's beyond off-limits. It'd be cruel to hit on him, even if he was beautiful.
Looking at Castiel, Dean studied his beautiful blue eyes. He could see his reflection in them, and damn if that didn't make his heart skip a beat. "Yeah. It's kind of stupid, but I do. I think we've got people who fit in at different periods of our lives as we're shaped into who we're supposed to be, and as we change and grow, different people fit- but I also believe that there's a person out there who just... they're ours, and we're theirs."
He had to be doing that deliberately, didn't he? Gabriel bit his lower lip, watching him closely. He wanted to lick so many places- "Showering. I'm going to shower." He'd meant to do breakfast in bed with him but after the dream last night...  Gabriel slipped from the bed, stretching himself.
Making a face, Dean shook his head, "No, we have to walk through the crowd to start with, with a boot to get donations and so people can... inspect those being auctioned. I don't mind going out and flirting a bit for good, but she always takes it too far."
Emma hugged him, pressing her face into his shoulder. "I'm good. That was... thank you." She'd never had anyone do that for her. Ever.
Sam’s hand tightened on Gabe’s as the nurse examined him. When she finally finished, he relaxed and let his eyes close. “Gabe...”
"Can I return the favor?" Gabriel made a soft noise, pressing his rapidly thickening cock against him.
"Mmhm. He's a jerk." Gabriel looked at the menu, then shrugged. "I'll take my usual steak, grilled veggies, baked potato, and my side salad."
"Definitely." Dean tickled Elias' side, but he gave him the same look. "That look is all you, though."
“It’s okay. We just need to cover the exposed skin.” He sighed and grabbed a hat. “And Gabe will be pissy if I don’t wear a hat.”
Gabriel laughed, then patted Castiel on the back, then said, "You come and get me if you need me, got it? I am right here for you." He told him firmly.
"I love you too, Cas." Dean couldn't help but grin at the look on his husband's face. He looked so happy...
Honestly, it ended up going more smoothly than Dean had expected. They stayed at the hospital with the new guards who had come in as patients and staff. Garth and the other guards that were more easily recognizable went off with the decoys, with the paparazzi all chasing after the car.
"Yeah. Me too." Heading into their bedroom, Gabriel forced himself to behave and start to get dressed for his workout.
Sam bit into his pizza but managed to nod. “We just have to choose which one,” he managed around his bite.
"Well... I intend to show you either way." Dean brushed his lips over Castiel's messy hair. "Let's watch the movie, right? Don't forget your pie because the ice cream'll melt."
"He is. He's in his nerdy little heaven, especially since your brother is using that paper in his lesson." He paused, glancing at Castiel. "He's just enraptured by how he teaches. Mind you, his next favorite class is a poli-sci thing..."
"I know, especially when you flew his bestie in for his wedding!" Charlie huffed, putting her hands-on her hips.
"Mm. That's the pain killer." Gabriel grabbed Castiel's chart, looking it over. "Do you remember what happened?"
"And I am short, so the combination is a bit dangerous." Though it was worth it for Sam to be touching his hair.
"We'll get it done, okay, Cas?"  Gabriel carefully wiped at his brother's eyes. "I think she's about done eating."
"And socks... and shoes?" Biting his lower lip, Dean felt his brow furrow as he thought about the idea. "I can't tell you how many I stole for Sam. I lost count."
"I do. I want to have kids, but I am willing to discuss things." Gabriel told him, setting his chopsticks down.
"Mmm, what a wicked look you have in your eye, Mr. Winchester." Gabriel gripped his ass, pulling him tighter, his own cock rapidly hardening.
"Oh? We'll have to get one, thigh highs too." Hmm... he definitely liked that idea. He looked up as he saw security nod to him. "Sam, I need to talk to Garth."
"I did, but this-" hugging Castiel, Dean tried not to fall as he laughed, and Athena appeared to steady them.
"Mmhm... and I'll do it any time you want." He kissed the older man before pulling the comforter over them.
"I disagree," Dean told him from the doorway, walking in with Garth. "...Did you record me singing to her?" Raising a brow at Garth, Dean headed towards his mate.
Mildly disgusted but amused, Cas grinned at Dean. “He wouldn’t have made that joke before my new heart.”
"Ah, hell, Charlie." Dean pulled her into a soft hug, kissing her hair. "I am sure she'll teach you to kick
Gabriel's brown eyes were a soft honey as he looked down at her, stroking her fingers with his swollen hand. "Hi, Princess..." His voice cracked, and he looked at Sam before looking back at his daughter.
"Eh, I've been told that I'm the same way. I blame Jo." Climbing into the car, Dean waited for the professor who was just his friend, and not a crush at all to climb into the car. He figured if he said it enough, and focused on work... it might eventually be less of a lie.
Dean shook his head fondly. "Let's go, love. Remember, we can change anything that you don't like, okay? We don't have to keep anything."
Castiel grabbed Dean’s other hand and placed it over the second pup. “Feel them? They’re both irritable.”
“You’ve got it.” Sam sat down at the table and began looking at the papers Gabe placed in front of him.
Cas narrowed his eyes but didn’t protest. “Dean, maybe you and I could go outside again? I could show you the garden.”
Pleased with Dean's words, Cas accepted his pie and followed Dean out to the deck. The sun was starting to set and they both sat down with their pie.
Luckily they were allowed to go to James despite having been with her earlier, and while they saw their daughter, Gabe got a text from Meg.
He could hear Gabriel moving, feel him doing... something, more of a pressure than anything else. It was strange, sort of like an alien experiment.
Cupping Castiel's face, Dean leaned forward, lightly brushing his lips over his husband's. That smile was too perfect.
“Of course, baby.” Sam turned the radio on and found something Gabe would like. Then he drove them to the hotel.
Dean stepped back, setting Castiel down. "Cas..." he bit his lip, pulling Castiel's shirt up and off.
"It's a series. Whedon like hate fucked through the movie after it was canceled." Hell, he had told Cas earlier what he was doing. He just didn't want Cas to think that he was desperate.
Dean felt himself flushing, even as he gave a little moan. Castiel was pressed against him just enough to tease the right places. "Cas..."
Dean stirred, blinking his eyes open. "What're you dorks doing?" Why did Gabriel have a ring pop? They still made those?
"Mm. I will, I was just wearing what I had from Meg helping us since they insisted on stripping me in the ambo..." Gabriel huffed.
"Yeaaaah. Kinda looks it." Dean told him before he could stop himself. "Here, let me get you some pain meds, Sammy."
It'd taken him time, but he'd been able to track down the monster and work his way inside of the compound, taking care of those that might... stop his plan. He was taking his son.
"Now, now..." Straddling Castiel's hips, Dean nuzzled against his chest. "I have homework for you tomorrow. Since you're coming into work with me for my photoshoot just before my shift, then I'm on for twenty-four hours, I'm going to send you some of my favorite porn videos."
Setting his wine glass down, Castiel straightened, grabbing a bag. “I’m going to watch you stretch yourself just like that. I might just fuck you, if my boy behaves for his paddling.”
“I’d love one.” He added their drinks to their order, paid, then gathered the bags. “Are you ready to meet the boys for lunch?”
Gabriel stilled, then pulled Sam to him. "Sam... behave. You do want to be good, don't you?" He purred as he watched him closely.
"My hair is getting too long." The Professor watched Sam as his fingers ran through the strands, leaning up to steal a kiss.
Swallowing hard, Castiel nodded. He’d figured, but it was still very touching. “Of course, Gabe. I would be honored.”
Reaching over, Dean grabbed his clippers and handed them to Castiel. "Here. Should I sit or something? I can spread my legs then."
"That's ridiculously cute," Gabriel whispered to Sam, reaching for his phone. Dean almost seemed protective of Castiel, even in sleep.
He raised a brow at her at her tone. She was going to tease him later. He could tell.  Huffing a bit, he snuggled against Sam and his brother.
"And I get to introduce you to the rest of my family." Dean kissed him gently, running his hands along Castiel's sides.
Sam carefully restrained his boyfriend, his eyes glittering with hatred. “Gabe, go get Cas released. We’ll take him home.”
Stealing Sam's phone, Gabriel eyed the video for a second before he hit play, hugging his brother to him. Luke and Michael were both glaring, and he guessed it was at Meg, who was, at times, about as subtle as a sledgehammer.
"Exactly." Gabriel nuzzled against his chest, carding his fingers through the locks that he was playing with. "You are my heaven, Sam."
Gabriel had despite his intentions not to, stopped and bought Sam a coffee. "Breathe, Sam." He proffered the cup to him, a reassuring smile on his face.
Dean opened the box, his eyes widening at the computer before he picked up the envelope. "Cas...." His eyes scanned over the paper. "Business classes?"
Oh hell. Gabriel bit his lips, toeing off his shoes at the required spot, setting his bag on the belt. He couldn't take the tears but it'd have to wait, as the TSA lady didn't seem to have smiled in the last century.
Dean made a small motion, and the dogs started to climb onto the bed, cuddling up with Castiel. "There, guys... told you he was coming home."
Looking up, Dean shook his head at his friend. "I did. I got three of them." They'd warm up to him, soon.
Swearing as the other car backed up and took off down the road, disappearing, Gabriel looked at Sam. "You okay? Where does it hurt?" Fuck, his arm hurt...
"No? No kisses?" Dean looked at him, letting his lower lip jut out a little as he tried out one of Sam's puppy dog looks.
"Good, because if you listen to my music, I say it in every song." He flushed a little, leaning to check the babies.
He moved, sitting down so that Elias could get a better vantage point. "See? She was born when Alex and Benny were born."
One thing that he knew for certain was that he was going to go figure out what had happened to his son.
Gabriel spotted Castiel spoiling the horses, walking over to poke him in the shoulder. "You need to figure out what the fuck you're doing to make this up to Dean."
"The easy part. Right. Yeah." Dean nodded, rubbing the back of his neck. He'd read the books too, but... it wasn't the same as seeing it.
Dean gasped a little as he grabbed his shirt, then hugged him close. "Well... he's not the brother I'm in love with, so I don't care."
Sam threw his head back and growled. "And I'm going to throw you down if you don't stop teasing me."
Finally, Sam paused to enjoy some more wine. He was becoming pleasantly light-headed and Gabe felt so wonderful snuggled against him.
"I wonder where Dean went?" He frowned a bit, trying to remember what he was supposed to be up to today.
"Oh, great idea." Gabriel grinned, moving to carefully start unbuttoning Sam's shirt. His eyes darkened as each button slipped free.
It was dark outside by the time that they left, and Sam had to go move the SUV closer so that they could fill it with Sam's treasure while Gabriel paid. The blond didn't bat an eyelash at the price. Sam's happiness was what mattered.
Gabriel got Castiel and his puppy into his room- thankfully, she'd gone just before coming inside, so she would be fine for now. "I texted the lady with Frodo and Bilbo, and they'll be over in the morning."
"I can understand that. I had to help Sammy with Physics a couple of time in high school, and it doesn't grab me the way a story does." He pulled the old belt free, then carried it over to the teacher. "See how it's not worn evenly? It's actually about to break here."
"When can I see him?" Straight to the point, Dean, at last, showed some interest in what she was saying. "Is he all right?"
"All yours." Sam paused, his hand going to his abdomen. Even six months after birthing his pup, he was still self-conscious about his body.
"Your family won't mind?" Gabriel slipped his hand into Sam's, squeezing it for a moment before they went to gather their purchases and food to bring inside.
"...Nothing that should have resulted in a coma?" Kissing Sam's hair, Gabriel rubbed his back. "Come on, Gorgeous, we're going up to bed for a bit."
"We love it, Sammy." Dean yawned as he felt Gabriel snuggle in against Castiel, who seemed to have fallen asleep already.
"Damn right I do. You're stuck with me, so get used to it." Gabriel leaned over, stealing a kiss before he took a bite of his ice cream.
"I don't even doubt that. This time of year, he's going to be working on Christmas drinks." Garth always came up with ones that were supposed to be like Christmas at home. They tended to make Dean homesick, which was strange... he hadn't had a real home, not really until Bobby had stepped in to take them in. That first Christmas had been... beyond strange. A tree, Sammy talking about fertility symbols and pagan gods- Bobby had joined in on it, but there'd been presents... realizing Castiel had said something more, Dean glanced at him.
Gabriel hugged Castiel close, kissing his hair softly. "It's okay, Cassie. Crowley's a jerk, but he's all right."
"Yes, I am!" Dean raced towards the his bathroom, more than used to bratty younger Sasquatches racing him to the bathroom.
“It’s hard to say. But Crowley is a champion, and I’m sure if I choose to sell the foal, I could get a decent amount.”
He glanced at the clock, figuring he had another hour before he had to leave for work. "Drew- fuck. I will be there. I... I had an issue... I am on my way, okay?"
Cas nodded as he reached for a paper towel. “We can do that. The plan is to have Sam with him as much as possible.”
"They're on their way, kiddo. Just breathe for me." Dean plead. He jumped as he felt his brother touching him.
"Memory foam." Gabriel brought up a picture of the tag from the mattress that he'd had Castiel send him.
Gabriel stuck his tongue out at her before going over to Castiel and Sam. "All right, loves. Let's get you tucked in if you are ready."
He made a pleased noise, flicking his tongue over his nipple, trailing his hand over Castiel's hip. He was going to enjoy this almost as much as Castiel did.
"Exactly like that, my dirty boy." Dean gripped his cheeks, pulling them apart so that he could see his tight pucker.
Dean blinked, then shook his head. The honeymoon phase, while around siblings was a bit awkward.  He looked at the food. "This looks delicious."
Cas lit up. “We’re just finishing up dinner. We’re in the penthouse suite. I’ll tell the concierge you’re coming.”
"I will. I just want to hear what you're thinking, baby. Me inside of you or you inside of me?" Hearing Sam's low, husky tone, he stroked a hand through his hair.
"Sometimes I like to look pretty." He shrugged a bit, hanging up a delicate teal pair. "Feel free to use whatever you want." The doctor motioned to the room.
He cupped Gabe’s face in his hands. “Do you think we could redo our little scene later? I missed getting to snuggle with you.”
"Don't worry, Cas. I'll show you." The singer kissed him softly before he finally stepped back to undress himself.
Stroking them over Castiel's ass, Dean spread the lubricant around his hole, then eased a finger inside. "Good, honey?"
"...Cas, I'm not going to hate you, but I need you to talk to me. I can't fix it unless you talk to me." Dean smoothed his hand down Castiel's back, kissing his hair. "You're my mate, I love you."
Dean, having slipped from the room to get a beer, nodded as he sat next to his husband. "Plus Bobby- Grumpy as Jack called him- is a terrific grandpa, and he just moved here."
"Sam, that's.... so fucking good, baby." He kissed him, then tilted his hips, adjusting the angle just a little bit only to gasp as Sam hit his prostate. "That- right there, sweetness. Fuck me hard, please…"
Gabriel entered the house with Lucky at his heels, and he paused as he heard his brother growl. "Er... everything all right, Cassie?" He glanced around, "Where are Sam and Dean?"
Amused at the dogs, Dean got the stove turned off and the burgers plated. "Get washed up, Cesar Milan, then we can eat."
Dean swallowed him down, pulling away only when he was sure that Cas was done coming. He kissed the tip of him, then looked up at his lover.
Dean's eyes widened a little, and he tilted his head a bit, grinning despite himself. He couldn't help it.
"And you're a dork," Gabriel smirked, glancing at his brother, then at Sam and Dean to communicate silently his wish to attack them. Two seconds later, the Novaks were battling the Winchesters in a battle royale.
Hell. Dean felt his heart melt, and he watched the boy in his arm. "It won't be like this for long. Soon you'll be all big... try and stay small for a little while, okay?"
Pursing his lip as if he was thinking about it, Dean shook his head as he reached the bottom. "Nah... I don't think so. I'm not here for a discussion with you, Brett. I'm just here to kill you."
"He's pissed, but he's fine." Dean shook his head, carrying their son over to get him ready for the day. "He wants coffee."
"You've been brooding since we brought her up." There was that Novak huff. Dean's lips twitched a bit.
Gabriel managed to get them home, pulling into the garage and parking the car. He barely took the time to turn it off before he moved to pull him into a deep kiss.
Sam gently brushed Gabe’s hair back and kissed his forehead. “She’s the most beautiful baby I’ve ever seen.”
His gaze dropped down and he inhaled softly as he looked at the doctor’s hard cock. Fuck, he was just as big as Sam was... “You do...”
"I love you, Sam. I will see you soon, okay, baby?" Gabriel kissed James's hair as she let out a hungry cry, waking Jack.
As soon as they parked and Dean killed the engine, Castiel got out of the car. He had healed quite well from giving birth but Dean still waited on him hand and foot. He grabbed the car seat from the back seat and grinned. Their baby girl was about to take her first ride in the Impala.
“Hey, It’s okay... however it happens, I’ll just care that I’m marrying you,” Sam rushed to reassure him.
In the ambulance, Sam sat beside Gabe’s head, trying to stay out of the way of the medics. “Gabe? I’m here, baby,” he whispered. “I’m right here.”
Leaning against the shower wall, Dean let himself relax as the hot water pounded down on him. The water pressure was amazing, and he couldn't bring himself to get out just yet.
"I know, love... it's just hard. Being a doctor, it's been..." He trailed off. He'd been defiant of what logic and science told him about his brother's health- no, instead, he'd insisted that he was getting better. Now Cassie was, and the stress...
"We can make some awesome popcorn." Standing, Gabriel pushed his hair back. "I think we've got everything..."
Giving a small nod, Dean hugged his love gently as his own lashes started to grow heavy. It had been forever… And he'd never slept as well as he had with Castiel.
“And I love you for it.” Sam laid his head down and focused on Gabe’s hands. “I have so many fantasies and ideas.”
Gabriel kissed his shoulder, smiling. "You're even more, gorgeous. I never expected... I don't know. I hoped that you'd find me attractive in person. I know it's different. There's this-"
Hell, he loved it when Sam called him that- or Baby, or whatever little endearment. It just felt right. "I want you to sleep with me, in my bed while you're here. I want to hold you and have you hold me..."
Dean kissed Castiel's jaw, then handed over the kitten. "Hello, sweetie. They're the stars, aren't you?" He held up the pup to look at her only for her to lick his face.
Sam waited patiently, moving to his California king size bed that seemed even bigger without Gabriel.
"Lean over the desk, then put your arms behind your back. Green is good, yellow is slow down, and red is stop. Understand?"
Pulling back, Gabriel turned Sam around so that he could kiss him. "Wow is definitely right, gorgeous. You are amazing."
Fuck- fuck! What had he done that made him do that? Did it matter? "Cas-" It was all that he could do not to buck up into his mouth.
"Well, that's cool. It kind of looks like a castle," Dean told him, parking Cherry in a garage that Castiel pointed him to.
Dean shrugged, pressing his face into Castiel's shoulder. "I never thought that I would see a huge part of my worst nightmare come true."
"Don't cry, love..." Dean used his thumbs to brush away his tears as Remy, Lucky, and Chopin herded around them.
"There are pictures?" Gabriel's fingers paused, and he grinned at Sam. "I'd love to see pictures. I should have brought our albums."
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas whispered, closing his eyes. There was no doubt in his mind. A month or a decade, he loved this man.
"Let's get scrubbed in." Gabriel shot a grin at Felicity behind the desk. "How's our Princess doing?"
"Okay. That's easy. Add another finger, okay, and when that's sliding in and out, make a bit of a come hither motion." Gabriel demonstrated with his fingers, trying to ignore how breathless he sounded.
"So am I, Sammy." Gabriel hugged Castiel, then kissed his nephew's hair. "Sweet dreams, kiddo... I'll get dinner cleaned up so you guys can turn in if you want after getting him tucked in. Then again, we're not going to be using the rest of the house, either."
"...Cas, I'm not resigning. You were fine, all right?" He thanked Gabriel as he was handed his coffee, though his eyes were steady on Castiel's.
"I can't wait to hear about it. He's going to be so freaking excited!" Patting his brother's back, Gabriel looked his younger brother over. He looked so strong, so healthy... he'd never imagined this last year, much less even when he'd met Sam and Dean in the hospital.
Gabriel moved, hugging his brother close to him. "Cassie!" He whispered, pressing a kiss to his hair. He had no idea how Dean did it, being away from Sam.
Cas looked at Dean before leaning into his side. “Do you know what is going to be good later tonight?”
"You're going to kick ass, and you have a hell of a lot of back up. We're going to make it work, okay?" Dean blew him a kiss. Honestly, Gabriel was a speedster when it came to food. He cut a slice of pie and set it in front of him."There, Dean. Try that pie slice right there, okay?"
They snuggled there for a little while, just enjoying the closeness and warmth. After nine, Cas ordered breakfast while they checked their phones. They both had messages from their brothers and Gabe had included a picture of himself and Sam.
Sam growled and quickly finished eating. Then he pushed himself into Gabe’s lap, straddling his boyfriend.
"Sir, I need you to let me see your mate, okay?" The woman told Sam firmly, trying to check Gabriel over. "What happened?"
"She is... and with those paws of yours, you probably could, Samsquatch." Gabriel grinned, touching Sam's hand.
"They're spoiled boys, but we love them. None of this is good for dogs, though." Gabriel told them, looking amused as he watched them.
"He's ridiculous! This is amazing!" Gabriel laughed, bouncing next to Sam as they watched what was going on. He'd been before to shows, but he'd never gotten to experience them with his family.
"Because we were discussing you," Dean told him with a smirk. "There's a big fat man coming down the chimney soon."
"I will kill him before he ever comes near you, Sam. I will not let you get hurt. You are safe here." He held him close, holding him tight, though he was careful of his wounds.
Gabriel bit his lower lip, looking at Sam who was poking at his plate. "Just let me know any time either of you is hungry." Time for pie then. He could do that easily enough for Dean, and it'd give him something to think about rather than brooding about the fact that he'd upset his mate.
"Of course, Cas. Honestly... I don't want a puppy. I want a dog- there are lots of people who will adopt the younger ones." He greeted the man at the desk, who beamed at them, asking them to go down the hall with the dogs.
"I want to worry about you, Cassie. You're my brother. That's how it works." Gabriel gave him a look, sipping his drink.
"Hm, baby?" He stepped out of his pants, kicking them to the side. Unable to resist, he stroked his cock through the material.
“You’re the greatest, De.” Sam laid his head on Gabe’s shoulder and looked at their daughter’s face.
Looking at Castiel in the mirror at the head of their bed- how had he missed that?! Dean whimpered. "Fuck, please... Sir, I just... I need..."
"He is an asshole. I'm sorry that you two dealt with that." Scowling protectively, Gabriel squeezed his knee."Has Dean dated?"
"...Does it look like I'm straining to you?" He was adorable, honestly. Dean headed for the stairs with ease. He wasn't even out of breath as he headed up them. "I want to be clear about this- because we haven't said anything blatantly. I'm yours, you're mine, and no one else is permitted." Realizing how demanding and possessive that sounded, he added, "If you agree."
right, that was too damn cute. Dean snapped a few pictures, figuring on sending them to Sam later before turning to take a picture of an unsuspecting Castiel who was approaching.
That made him laugh softly against Dean's neck. "That would make me happy. Alfie deserves all of the positive influences he can get."
"I am, Cas. You're... hell. I'm not good at this chick flick stuff, but I... you mean so damn much to me. You're the first thing that I think of in the morning, and the last thing that I think of at night..." Dean cupped his face, staring into his blue eyes.
"Oh, look! Men's clothing- Samsquatch size!" Gabriel paused on the way to the food court, tugging Sam inside.
"And, it's a best seller. He made one of the most popular pies we have here." Garth told him as he watched Dean with a smirk.
More of that stroking? Or was it the spanking? Even those strokes... but Dean canted his hips a bit, presenting himself to the older man. "I need you inside of me, Cas."
Fuck... if Sam kept reacting like that, he was going to say fuck the celebration, but that was hardly fair. "Do you like that idea? I think that we could do some body shots."
Dean noticeably softened as he held the baby, carefully adjusting him. "Hey, cutie... how are you doing?"
Dean choked a little bit, laughing. "My penis? I don't know that I'd call my penis beautiful." And damn if it didn't sound strange, calling it such medical terminology. Normally he just called it his dick- or if he was really frisky, his cock.
"I love you, baby- wait. What is your name?" Charlie laughed, too happy not to. Did she know who Charlie was, then?
"Sounds good to me, Cassie. Then I want to see my girl." The pair left the hospital, heading for the car only to pause. What- He stared. "Is... is that Cherry?!" That was his car! Gorgeous and red and gleaming like she was brand new. But... how?!
Fuck, Sam's mouth was distracting. Gabriel forced himself to concentrate on the road. "What are you up to, naughty?"
Dean grinned as he looked up and saw them coming inside. "Hey- Pizza's up!" He bumped into Castiel, then stepped back. "Sorry, man."
"Sure thing! I will even make some of my special brownies." Gabriel kissed him, nipping his lower lip.
A smile quirked at Cain’s lips. “I see. Well, I still need to speak with her to keep up appearances. And of course, allow me to offer you a discount on your purchases today.”
"Good, Samshine? I'll do conditioner next." He smiled at Sam for accommodating his height. "You're so good for me."
The plea in Castiel's voice had Dean Dean hugging him closer."What? Cas, no... I would never, love. "
“Dean… I would really like that.” He had planned his usual holiday already: dinner with Gabe then getting completely drunk on his favorite wine. This sounded much better.
Cas looked at Sam’s ring and sipped at his water. “Good idea. Sam, I know Dean has been talking about a new phone.”
Gabriel wanted him for several steps before following Sam right through the metal detector- well, he was one line over. He wondered how long it would take Sam to notice- he was rather morose, looking down.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas stepped up and eagerly helped his boyfriend transfer the turkey to the platter. “I’m going to gain fifteen pounds before the new year,” he pouted.
“I know.” Cas ran his hands through his hair. “I just hate the thought of him killing himself working three jobs.”
“Of course...” Castiel grasped his arm gently. “But nothing that rhymes. These twins are two unique individuals.
Laughing, Dean leaned forward to kiss Castiel's cheek. "Then I'll smile for you, Cas." He shot him a sweet look, then headed towards his changing area behind a screen.
"Oh. Er... I wasn't expecting to be called for a calving..." he couldn't help but hope that he hadn't caused harm to the animals by the delayed response by sending another vet in his place.
"Hey, I am sure they'll have an adorable foal." Dean bit his lip, "Hey, uh... how much do you think the foal will be worth?" He rubbed the back of his neck, telling himself that it was a crazy thought.
Gabriel shook his head, amused as he watched Sam. "You can see that I'm going to want to spoil you?" he teased, unable to help himself. "Am I that obvious? Or is it Balty surprising me?"
"Well, that's good at least." Gabriel set a plate of food in front of him, smiling. "Here you go, love. Eat up."
Cas popped an apple slice into his mouth after greeting Dean. Remy wandered to him for more scratches and he gladly obliged.
Dean shot Sam a grin. "I'd like it if you showed me later, Sammy." Anything to get closer to his brother.
"I've noticed you staring at me a couple of times when I'm shirtless... and you seem, I don't know, like someone took your candy away. Why?" The chocolatier finished with his own hair, setting his brush on the dresser before he gave Sam his full attention.
"My hero." He offered him a grin, then tugged him towards the shower with his good arm. He felt exhausted, but he was trying to ignore it.
Fuck. Gabriel made a soft noise, glad that he had changed into his yoga pants. "I love how big you are compared to me, gorgeous."
“Alright.” Sam rolled out of bed and walked into the bathroom, doing his best to minimize his morning wood.
Gabriel swallowed hard, wiping at his face again. He just kept seeing Cas, so still... and then his chest. He pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. "I'm sorry, I'll get it together."
Kissing him back, the shorter man bounced a bit. "So yeah, kindle is taken care of. It's going to be at the hotel tomorrow."
Dean shook his head, patting Castiel. "Sammy interrupted my first kiss, too. He had the stomach bug, and he comes out and he's just standing there- he puked all over, she screamed, and that's the last I saw of her."
Dean stood, picking up his box, with Remy at his heel. "Thank you for dinner, Doc. I'll see you in the morning."
"Just like that, so good for me, Sam, so good-" Gabriel cried out as Sam worked him for long minutes, torturing. He was right there- "Sam, please..."
Sam took the ring from the smiling woman and examined it. “Yes, Gabe.” But then he saw the price tag and blanched.
They spent their shower cleaning up and sharing little kisses. Then they got out and dried themselves off before returning to their bedroom.
"She's a good girl." Dean followed Castiel into the house, eyeing his gorgeous boyfriend. "What's for dinner? Is Gabriel home yet, or still busting his ass at the shop?" He’d been allowed inside the day before, and had been working hard- though he was doing a lot of it on his own, as he was a stubborn bastard.
Tara grinned, shaking her head. "I used to call him shorty... then he had a growth spurt and he was taller than me by an inch!"
Dean kissed his jaw, smiling. "Please, anything you want, Cas." His cock was hard in his sweats, and he took a breath. as Castiel's fingers slid lower.
Raising a brow at his smirk, Gabriel stopped at his booth, then slipped into his seat. "He is very... friendly." He deliberately used Sam's inflection when speaking.
"Eight in the morning. She told me to tell you to behave 'your pretty little ass, Clarence'." Hitting the button, Gabriel relaxed back into the chair.
As they drove home, with the sun setting before them, Cas laid his head on Dean’s shoulder and smiled.
Gabriel slipped his arms around his fiance's waist. "Dean didn't listen. Said something about it being his body healing but that didn't mean that anyone was home."
Whining, Dean bit hips lower lip. "Cas- oh fuck, baby, love you so much. I-" He gasped as Castiel kept filling his body- the way he snapped his hips... He felt helpless.
Fuck. Cas's voice was a low growl, and it went straight to his cock. Dean bit his lower lip and summoned his courage, pushing his pants down and off, leaving him in just his panties.
Cas sniffled and wiped his eyes. “I know she’s not Claire. But the thought of letting her things go…”
Ash was the first to spot them. “Hey, guys! You brought the goods!” He yelled out for everyone to hear.
Cas took a small hit and returned the joint to Gabe. “Gabe and I have been inseparable. The cuddling...it was one more thing Khali hated.”
"Dean's a good man," Sam said softly. "And I can tell he cares about Cas. He never would have asked him to our Christmas dinner if he wasn't thinking very seriously about him."
"More, Cas?" Dean kissed his way down the middle of Castiel's healed chest until he was licking along the line of his gorgeous hip.
Gabriel grinned, taking the bottle and nudging it gently against her rosebud mouth. "There you go, Issy. That's it." He watched in awe as she latched on, eagerly drinking away.
Anna tugged the rope once more before she turned to give Castiel her attention, nuzzling up against him.
"Perfect." Dean grinned, loving the idea of setting up their boy's room. Castiel's phone rang as they stepped inside.
"Almost as amazing as you." Gabriel grinned, letting himself get lost in the excitement of giving Sam a surprise. He couldn't wait to see his reaction.
"Yes, but how did she get the baby out? And herself, considering that we built the fence higher?" They hadn't wanted Anna to jump it while pregnant.
Sinking home, Gabriel moaned softly. "Fuck, baby... that's..." He gave a roll of his hips, slowly working his cock in and out of Sam's body. "This what you need, baby?"
Dean hadn't realized how very sensitive that was before. His breath caught, and he reached down towards his cock.
Gabriel moved, hugging him. "We get to spoil your three boys at home and get them settled in so when we bring home Queen Jude she can just ascend to her throne."
"I've got you, Cas... I... I can't believe it's you." He held him close, concentrating on making sure that his fury that his brother was in this condition was hidden away so that the pair of Omegas felt safe. "I've got you, Cas." He repeated, almost telling himself it.
Biting his lower lip, Dean took a shaky breath, realizing he hadn't been smart when he'd trapped Castiel's cock under his ass. "That's it, honey- squeeze me like that and stroke."
"I... no." Yes, but not like Gabriel. The wound on his side was minor. "Cas, they're transporting Gabriel to the hospital. There was an explosion and I... I got him out. Have you seen Cole?"
"Breathe, Cas. You need to calm down. Your pulse is sky high!" Dean pushed his fiance in a chair, carefully keeping his fingers on Castiel's radial artery.
She took it, sipping it. "Thank you, Cas..." she bit her lip, pushing her hair back. "I'm sorry, really. I feel terrible..."
Smiling, Sam hugged him for a moment. Then he grabbed a bottle of water and shuffled off to the living room to read.
"I... apparently he's sleeping." Gabriel pressed his face into Sam's shoulder. "You hold our girl first. I need to calm down first."
Gabriel thumbed the head of Sam's cock, his eyes dark. "Come to bed and suck me. Then I am going to make you come."
When he arrived at home, the first thing that hit him was the scent of omegas in distress. Specifically his mate.
"You realize that you can just hug me, right, Babe?" Dean murmured, brushing his lips against Castiel's temple.
“I’m sorry, baby...” he sighed in frustration. He hadn’t been there to protect his boyfriend. He was a complete failure.
The cabin was small, as Cas had said, and was fitted with a bed, a stove, a refrigerator, and a small bathroom. Cas turned on the lights and extended an arm. “Well, here it is. As I said, you’ll want to clean it. All the supplies you’ll need are in the main house.”
"You're not happy about it." And damn if Dean could blame him. He did have blood on his hands, even if it was the blood of rapist knotheads and murderers who tortured and sold the omegas as slaves. He had let Sammy get sold. He moved to push his hair back, then frowned at the IV in his hand. "I'm not going to make you be my mate if you don't want to."
Watching Gabriel obey the boy, Michael snorted. "Look at you, so in control of my incipient brother. What'd you promise him, hm? Happy ever after? I'll give you a million to walk away. Hell, you and your brother go? Five million."
Swearing as his pants disappeared, Gabriel pulled his legs up and apart for him. "Do it, Sam. Get me ready for you."
Grabbing the edge of the desk, Gabriel rolled his hips, fucking himself on Sam's fingers. "Fuck, that's so good..."
"You did. Screw the closet. I'm coming out, so we better get this party started." She kissed his cheek, then bounced back.
"She said she'd be here about 6:30- something about washing off the hospital before she got here." Standing, Gabriel took care of the plates from lunch, cleaning up before he washed his hands.
Meg came back to the room a little later. “Gabe is coming from the clinic; Sam too. Has he opened his eyes again?”
"Hey, maybe he'll give you a kiss goodnight." Gabriel rubbed Castiel's back with a grin. "And I think he was saying, without saying, considering we were right here- that he think's you're plenty attractive with your badass scar."
Gabriel hugged him close, stroking his shoulder. "I know, Cassie. I don't want you to push yourself, okay?" He'd worked so hard, Gabriel knew that his brother was doing his best, and he didn't expect anything.
"What, you trading clubs? Or is he going to be your pimp now?" Mark growled the words, watching as his best stripper was getting tugged towards the door.
Snuggling Jack against him, Dean swayed a little. "Cas, if you hate it, we'll get another place. We can also redecorate, I just... kinda went off from what we talked about as kids."
“We all work together. Right now Gabe is taking off from the vet office for three months since Sam can’t take much time off. And if we need to, Dean and I can take time off to help since we have people working for us.”
Seeing that Dean'd dropped off to sleep as well, Gabriel nodded. "It'd be nice. I don't know if Dean could get the time off, though…"
Castiel melted against Dean’s side, relief written all over his face. “I didn’t think... I thought you’d take our babies...because I’m so fucked up...”
"No waffles. No eggs." It was all Zachariah had seemed to feed him, other than some watery soup. He'd gloated at one point that Gabriel's 'tummy' looked like it was shrinking from what he could see under his shirt.
Making a pleased sound, Gabriel nipped at Sam's shoulder before working Sam's pants down below the sexy curve of his gorgeous ass. "That's a very good idea, Sam." He traced his fingers along Sam's cock, then cupped Sam's balls, toying with them to see what best pleased his lover.
Relaxing, Cas gripped Dean’s thighs for support as he sucked the head of Dean’s cock. Dean’s pleasure thrilled and reassured him that he was doing something right.
Dean froze, his eyes widening a little as he watched him. "Are you sure, Cas?" If he changed his mind or freaked out because he knotted, Dean couldn't change his mind and pull out without hurting him.
"Mm. He is stubborn like that. You want to let him sleep if he is?" The blond asked stepping into the hall.
"He is." If anything, Sammy'd had to take care of him when... well. He worried for his little brother more than he wanted to admit.
He returned her hug and kissed her temple, then moved to greet the other guests who had begun trickling in.
"Huff at me all you want, sweetie-" Gabriel pointed at him with his spatula. "When you see what I want to do to you..."
Dean managed to text Gabriel that all was well before he dropped the phone. Exhaustion filled him, and he gave in to sleep.
Dean kissed his hair softly. "I love him too." He was working on saying the words more- he hadn't said them enough to Sammy, and now... well... he didn't want his kids questioning it.
Oh, they were adorable. And sickening. "Go help him wash his back, Cas. I have dinner." Gabriel told his brother, waving him off.
A tear slipped down Dean's cheek, and he leaned over to kiss him tenderly. "I love you so damn much, Cas. I... I'm so, so damn glad that we have each other again."
"So am I- So I get it." Dean shook Castiel's hand, then cleared his throat. "I must be driving Sam nuts, honestly."
"Professor Novak..." Damn. Dean cleared his throat, "Welcome to Singer's Automotive. What can I help you with?"
She nodded and returned the hug before taking a calming breath. “I’ll understand if you two would rather take your business elsewhere.”
"Mmm... well, that's a good question. I want to go to the library now..." Winking at Castiel, Dean shot him a grin. "I'd like to have my man play doctor with me a bit…"
"He really should... but maybe we can push it off some." Dean sighed, kissing his hair. "I feel terrible..."
"Oh. So we'll just have Jack in with us, then." Not like they were going to be doing anything inappropriate anyway. Dean sat down with Castiel, nudging Athena over.
Dean poked his head out of the kitchen. "Who was that at the door? I thought it'd be Meg." He blinked as he saw Sam's face. Shit. Okay. Guinea Pigs. "What are their names again, Bert and Ernie?"
“We made the arrangements to become foster parents, but I was also finishing school and Gabe was working. Then one of his old friends found us. She was trying to escape a bad relationship and she was pregnant. Tara loved Isabelle, but she couldn’t take care of her.”
All four omegas showered quickly and dressed in the clothes Charlie provided. It was mostly sweats and t-shirts, but they all seemed to feel better after their showers.
"Merry Christmas, sweetness." Gabriel relaxed, closing his eyes as exhaustion approached. He couldn't imagine a better way to fall asleep than there in Sam's arms.
"Sorry, love. Our brothers apparently snuck out of here to fuck last night. Sam was glowy and Gabriel was way too naked when he came out of the bedroom," He explained, wrinkling his nose.
"Er... my feet normally hurt? I'm on them all day, and I didn't want to be an issue." Gabriel bit his lower lip, wincing as Dean gently looked him over.
"Hold on, I'll get us a blanket." Dean grinned, heading inside. He grabbed a few from the closet, figuring Gabriel and Sam might want to join them.
Cas was not thrilled about letting Dean go, but he realized he could help the other man cook and he relaxed. Strange how things changed so quickly.
Shit. He wasn't saying anything. He shouldn't have invited everyone, but he knew how much it meant to Cas to be claimed- the marks... Dean licked his lips, then cleared his throat. "Cas?"
"Well, I'm allowed to have my partner there. It was a deal the guys made with their spouses, and I kinda liked the idea of you being there." Dean sat on the bed next to Castiel, watching his throat working.
Pulling his fiance back over to the bed, Dean nipped at his mouth. The slide of their erections together was a tantalizing hint of things to come. "I love you, Cas-" Fuck, they were kissing again, and the firefighter fell onto the bed with Castiel over him.
Hell, he could barely taste the food as he watched. The peanut butter was forgotten as he ate, just randomly picking up fruit as he watched Sam's hand stroking his cock.
"Nope. He just asked that I add pepperoni to the sauce." Moving to check dinner, Gabriel messed up Jack's hair
"Up then, gorgeous. We're getting this taken care of sooner than later." Bouncing from the bed, Dean grabbed the first aid kit from the bathroom before returning.
Pointing at him, Gabriel shook his head. "You did that on purpose. It's good to know that you find me delicious." He licked his own finger, giving him a smirk before he started plating the breakfast.
"Sam!" Gabriel bit his lower lip, his hand tightening in his hair. "Gonna come if you keep that up."
"You do that whenever you nuzzle me or snuggle me." Dean stroked a hand down his side. "I do want to kiss you, though..."
"I love you too, Castiel. Now sit down- I'm going to get you dinner." Rubbing his mate's back, Dean stepped back from him.
"I'm sorry, Sammy. You didn't deserve that." Dean cleared his throat a bit, heading towards the kitchen. "I'll figure out some dinner, okay?"
Pain in the- hearing Sam, Gabriel turned and faced him. "Hey, Samshine." Gabriel relaxed as he saw him. "How was your time with Charlie?
Pulling Castiel close to him again, Dean cupped his face. "Cas, babe..." He smiled a little, his thumb stroking over Castiel's stubble. "You're fine. This is perfect. I've got my own issues."
Cas started to protest, but Jack came bounding downstairs with Gracie. “Daddy, help!” He threw himself into Cas’s arms.
"Cas, I don't want to have you just... this isn't fair. This is three grown adults, not just visiting like you planned." Dean twisted his fingers, looking at Castiel. "I'm going to pay you guys back-"
Swallowing him down, Dean kept doing until his lover was done coming. Licking his lips, he smirked up at him. "Delicious, Cas..."
"Silly girl." He tore off another tiny piece of bread and fed it to her. "But I love you more than anything."
Long moments passed before Gabriel stepped down off the stool. "Stay right there, Sammich. You're too fucking delicious looking for me not to take a picture to remember later."
"Uh... no? I want you inside of me and filling me with your come until I come on your cock." Sitting up, Gabriel wrapped his fingers around Sam's thick length and stroked.
"You have to pack the short guy into Baby, Charlie can ride with Cas and me to their house in Cherry," Dean said with a grin, enjoying the way Gabriel pouted.
Working him until his entire finger was inside, Dean watched his eyes closely. He was too fucking gorgeous, the weight of him heavy on his tongue.
"I get the reasoning behind Mary, but the magazine... I don't want our girl teased." Gabriel bit his lip, tossing the dirty towel in the laundry.
"Tell them I'll be up before too long," Gabriel informed him after looking at the IV bag. He watched Sam duck out of the room before he looked at Glinda. He blinked, then tilted his head. "Wait... you're the girl from the toy shop!"
Cas exhaled deeply, relaxing with Dean’s finger. He reached down and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
"Thanks, Gabriel." Dean grinned at him, offering Castiel the leash when he finished with the sunscreen.
"Get some rest. It's nearly Christmas, and we're going to be on a mission with making Dean feel better tomorrow." Gabriel stroked his fingers over Sam's shoulders.
Honestly, it still amazed Dean that Gabriel morphed into this other person with animals- He was completely calm, cool confidence as he easily helped Anna deliver the foal- not that it took effort. She had it handled and was soon turning to see her baby.
"Well, it's all yours." he dropped him a lascivious wink, then turned on the radio. "We can hook up your phone, too."
"Let's go then, you know that the dogs will want to cuddle." Taking Sam's hand, Gabriel headed through the house towards their room.
Dean looked up at his mate as he handed Elias a fork, encouraging him to eat some of his breakfast. "This is just simple stuff, Cas."
Glaring at her a bit, Gabriel let Sam help him up. Evil demon... She didn't even care how grumpy he got. Just smiled through it.
Wiping his thumb gently under Castiel's eye, Dean nodded. "Me too. I'm not going anywhere, either way, Cas. I'm... I feel like I actually belong here." This cabin, the dogs, Gabriel and
Nuzzling into his chest, Dean grinned, thrilled that he'd made it good for him. "Mine too, Cas. I've never felt like I feel when you touch me."
Sam turned the shower on, eager to get under the spray. “Dean had me help design the house. This shower was my baby.”
“I am.” Cas gladly settled closer to Dean, relishing the warm water around them. “Gabe has only been able to bring me once...” his expression turned somber. “We had just gotten the news that my heart wouldn’t last another month. Gabe took me out of the hospital room and flew me to Hawaii.”
but it wasn't enough. "Anything you want, Cas. Especially when you ask like that." It might not be enough, but it was a delicious tease as he ground against Castiel, his cock slipping lower in a tease of what
"Damn. I am two inches shorter than he is." Tara took a slow breath, poking her belly. "Calm down in there. You're beating me up."
"Uh-huh. You said earlier if he wanted you, you'd ride him-" Dean yelped as Gabriel threw a pillow at him.
When Cas finished his pie, he set his plate and fork aside. Then he curled into Dean’s side, absently draping an arm around him.
"Sammy and I ate pancakes a lot." Dean grinned a little, shaking his head as he remembered trying to make them interesting for his little brother.
"Dinner's done, for those who wanna eat," The Marine told him, smiling as he hugged Castiel's arms to him.
With Dean’s help, Cas managed to sit up a little. He looked terrible but the bruises were showing signs of healing.
Gabriel made a soft noise, panting a bit into Sam's mouth. Fuck... he was so damn perfect... Not wanting to trigger him, he gently stroked his back.
"She did yell "Oh, Fuck" before she grabbed an apple and ran." Padding over to his dresser, Gabriel started to dig out some pajama pants.
"Any ideas at all? You could put it in his food?" Hell, he didn't know... he just knew that Dean would say yes.
"Mm... love you," He purred, pressing a tender kiss to the head of Castiel's softening cock. After a long moment, Dean stood. He slipped his arms around him, stealing a soft kiss from him.
Between them, Jack sighed softly in his sleep and pressed his face against Cas’s chest. The little gesture calmed Cas immediately and he leaned into Dean.
"Good..." Leaning forward, Gabriel sucked at Sam's nipple, taking his hand away from Sam's cock and cupping his ass. "Mmm... because I've got an idea."
"He is." Dean took the cup and ice. "Whoa up a bit, all right? Don't be rushing about. He's all right."
As he read the note, his phone began to ring. He pulled it out and realized it was Sam calling, and he answered immediately.
Gabriel snorted softly, shaking his head. "She needs to get laid. By someone who isn't you." Not that he didn't love Meg, but he didn't ship it.
Going willingly, Gabriel pulled Sam down into a kiss. "That's definitely good, gorgeous. You busted your ass."
Honestly, Gabriel was too excited to see James to complain when he saw that Sam was handling himself. He beamed at the nurse. "How's my baby girl doing?" He was determined to be positive, despite the risks to her
"What?" Staring, Dean felt his lips part in shock at the outburst. "Cas, it's not hurt. It's just a bit-"
Cas hurried to make Gabe a cup of peppermint tea, his very favorite. He trusted Dean completely to not upset Gabe further.
Dean watched him for a moment, then kissed him. He didn't avoid Castiel's scar as he touched him, rather, he just treated it as if it were any other part of his chest. He found Castiel's nipple with his left hand, then pinched it gently. "Mmm…"
"Oh." So it was only him that she needed to worry about. She swallowed hard. At least he was better looking... or did that make it worse?
Dean was so attentive, so caring that it brought tears to Cas’s eyes. He arched into his husband, craving more.
Castiel flinched and curled closer to Dean. He just wanted the noise to stop. He didn’t realize he had covered his ears until Dean gently pulled them away.
The Marine felt his breath catch, and he swallowed hard. What was going on? He didn't understand what Castiel was doing.
"Um... I've got a lot in Baby's back seat. I knew that we were going to need supplies," Dean told him, hugging him close. "We're safe, we're covered."
He started to move faster, knowing his throat would hate it later- he didn't care. It was all about Sam's pleasure.
Thankfully, it didn't take long, and Gabriel was pulling the covers over them as he wrapped himself around Sam.
"Somehow, I'm not surprised." Shaking his head, Dean dug into his meal. He couldn't help but worry about what his father was doing. It'd been too quiet.
"I definitely do, don't you?" Pressing against him, Dean rolled his hips to tease them both. "You had me so hard yesterday... seeing you in your tux today..." He focused on Castiel, refusing to dwell on the nightmare he'd worked so hard for.
Jack took a bite, chewing carefully. "It's good! Is this peanut butter? Father Luke was allergic so I only had it once."
"Can you let me go for a moment, Sammy? I'll go get plates for you guys." Gabriel smiled, watching them. "I'll get you some drinks too."
"We'll take those as well, please." He'd probably have to hall a good portion to the ranch in the Impala, but he didn't care. He'd surprise his Sammich with a library.
"I am, definitely. We're looking forward to getting him moved in after school." Gabriel smiled at the thought, trying to ignore the sting in his own eyes as he heard Castiel sniffling.
“Chopin is a bit more reserved, but he will warm up to you. He spends much of his time at my side while I’m working, but he also enjoys trying to herd any creatures that happen to be grouped together.”
"Hey... don't say that. If anything, I don't deserve you, and I'm not willing to listen to you denigrate yourself." He told him firmly, his green eyes dark.
"Believe it or not, I don't find you completely loathsome." He grinned at her, leaning on the foot of his bed a little. "You're the one who listened to our little Cassie when I wouldn't. I wasn't happy about it, but it's still true. And freaking worth something nice and shiny." He'd gotten the other staff something nice, but Ruby'd earned that... and Meg... he couldn't wait until she saw her jewelry set.
"I love you, Cassie. I'm sorry. I... She... she scared me." Gabriel swallowed hard a tear slipping down his cheek.
"I can tell, buddy!" Laughing a little, Dean hugged him again. He couldn't resist it. "You're probably too big for me to pick up anymore."
Gabriel bit his lower lip, pulling his legs up and back so that they weren't in Sam's way. The studious look on his face, with the furrow between his brow... fuck.
“I could suck you dry,” he whispered into Gabe’s ear. “Or I could tease your balls with my fingers until you scream.”
"Today has been unbelievable. But I'm not ready to go home." He gave Gabe a sweet smile. "Want to just walk for a while?"
"And hydration. I'm going to get more aloe, too." Gabriel peered at Sam's phone only to hear Dean's go off.
Jack grinned, looking at Theo, who was now dressed in clothing that fit him properly. "Thanks, Dad."
"Careful, Samshine. You're going to steal my heart." Gabriel offered him a grin, rinsing his hair under the other showerhead.
"So do know what you want for Christmas?" Gabriel glanced up at him, trying to figure out something to get Sam and his family members.
Dean put his hands on his hips, counting for a long moment before he relaxed, pulling out his card and handing it to the other man. "If you insist on paying me that much, here's my card. If your Prius needs saving again- honestly, you should call next week get it in for a tuneup." And he didn’t need to cash the check just because he had it.
The movie went on, and Gabriel stretched as it finished. "I'm thinking Balthazar's for dinner. I'll call ahead and make a reservation."
Freezing, Gabriel looked over at Sam, his lips twitching. "...Ah." He wouldn't laugh. Not until he was off the phone. "Happens to the best of us, Cassie."
"Get used to it, baby. It's from now until forever." Dean kissed his temple, then went back to eating. He was damn excited about the thought of Castiel inside of him, but he'd behave.
"...Fine." Biting his lip, Dean headed over to the boots. If he needed anything, it'd be those first.
"Well, that's understandable. What's on the docket for me? What do you need me to do?" Sipping his coffee, Dean blinked as Gabriel moved, setting plates in front of them both.
"Exactly, honey... so we'll just take our time, making sure that I'm nice and slick and open for you." Sliding his hand down Castiel's chest, Dean cupped his hard cock through his pants. "If you want."
Gabriel sighed, looking at Zep. "All right, back to Daddy, since he insists." He kissed her little head, then handed her back to Sam.
"Now... I'm wondering.. would you allow me to tie you up for this A, Sam?" Gabriel started to unlace his tie, watching the younger man closely.
"Sounds like good, clean fun to me." Following Sam, Gabriel glanced at him. "So... I've got a question, and if you'd prefer not, that's fine."
Dean nuzzled against him, yawning softly as he started to wake up. He'd have to figure out if this fancy ass hotel had coffee for his lover. His lips curved, and he pressed a kiss to Castiel' shoulder as he remembered his fingers inside of the Professor the night before.
"It was more than perfect, Samshine. I never want to forget it." Turning his head, Gabriel kissed him again before sipping his wine.
He bit his lip, unsure if he should just beg to come or beg Sam to fuck him. Instead, he rolled his hips in a plea.
"Dude, I made sundaes. They're on the table waiting." Dean reached out and tugged on Castiel's hand before he could stop himself.
"Go ahead with your tongue... then you can try sucking if you want. Don't try taking me too deep too quick, okay, baby?" Gabriel offered him a smile, wanting to reassure him. He was sure that he’d love anything that Gabriel did.
Sniffling, Cas pressed his face into Dean’s chest. For the first time in a long time, he felt safe in the embrace of someone who wasn’t his brother.
"I have no idea. I was snuggling him last night when we went to sleep." Dean smiled over at their brothers, rocking Jack a bit.
"Well, see... that's the thing... he didn't know which to do, so he hired a man and a woman." Gabriel pushed his hair back, "My little brother, of course, chose to talk to them through their dances, made the girl cry by telling her how worthwhile she was, and he was sure that her father loved her- then talked the man through a gay crisis with his boyfriend." He shook his head, his lips quirking. "Then, of course, to tell Balthazar that dancing was needed, as apparently the liquor does that to him..."
Gabriel hadn't been kidding about ogling Sam a little- hell, he was sitting, damn near eye level with Sam's gorgeous ass. The curve of his lower back... he was only human, after all.
When he reached the kitchen, he was surprised to see Cas standing there, barefoot, and eating ice cream.
Gabriel raised his hand up, cupping Sam's as he stared into his beautiful eyes. They looked like the Heavens that he had always imagined, the myriad of colors shifting. "I see you, Sam."
Sam leaned in for another kiss, pressing their bodies closer together. He could kiss this man for hours.
Remy sniffed at her fingers before licking at them. Dean had to smile a bit at the enthusiasm the dog had for her. He had good taste in people. Dean, not so much, but that... that was different.
Cas hugged their boy tight. “Are you sure it won’t hurt him?” he asked his brother as he squeezed Dean’s hand.
"If you're not ready to talk about it with me, Sam, that's fine." Reaching out, the older man slipped his hand into Sam's. "Hell, if you're never ready, that's just fine too, just so we're clear."
"Shit, of course. Eat up, Samshine." He nudged him, "No more kisses until you've eaten." He winked, then dug into his meal.
"Cool. Er, I put out some water and some sodas for us. Want to eat in the living room?" Nope. He wasn't going to concentrate on how good that bit of praise felt. He was going to bury that.
Looking at herself in the mirror, Emma flushed. "I want a gun." She turned and met his gaze. "I don't want to have to think about being scared again."
"Well, it's only going to get better from here, I assure you." And he'd be damned if he'd let his Mate and his brother get hurt. They'd only get the best.
"It only gets better." Grinning like a well-satisfied cat, Gabriel twisted a little to steal a kiss.
"Mm. I'll have to call." His brow furrowed as he thought about their deadbeat of a father. "So what happened to their parents that they'd need a surrogate father?"
Dean tried not to laugh, not wanting to shake the camera he was holding. Someone had to record it to show James later, after all!
"I'm damn glad. You boys are mine now too," Bobby told him, hugging him and Gabriel close. He grinned as he saw the look on the blond's face.
“I always want to do that for you, sweetheart.” Sam brushed Gabe’s hair back and kissed his forehead.
"Okay, let it out, Kiddo. I'm right here, okay?" Gabriel held him close, moving to sit on the floor with him
"Yes, Gorgeous?" Gabriel purred the words, then sucked him into his mouth. He had a feeling that he wasn't going to be able to do this for long, and he wanted to make the most of it.
Giving him a doubtful look, she stepped inside of the water only to shake off her paw and step back.
"All right, Sam?" Gabriel carefully wrapped his arms around his lover, kissing his shoulder. "Let's go to bed."
Words were hard to come by as Gabriel snuggled his love, trailing soothing hands over his shoulders. "I so damn sorry, baby..."
Dean bit his lower lip, tugging Castiel into an empty stall. Thank fuck, it was clean, but he didn't really care. "I'd let you fuck me in here, Cas. Let you make sweet love to me, even, if that was what you wanted. I wasn't joking when I said I'm yours."
Biting his lower lip, Gabriel rolled his hips, moving with Sam. "Yes, Sam- need you to move, you feel so good..."
“Grab your shower. You need to take care of yourself, too.” She stretched her arms and yawned. “I’ll crash in the guest room.”
“Mmm…” He did beg so prettily… Maybe he deserved a treat. Castiel licked over his entrance and then pushing his tongue inside. He moaned, feeling him tighten around his tongue.
“Dean.” Cas grabbed his arm and sat down. Then he pulled Dean down with him. His arms came around the younger man, encircling him.
Gabriel beamed, snapping a picture of him with his phone. "Try your pancakes, Sam. I want to know your reaction."
The young man grabbed his backpack and slung it over his shoulder. "Just thirteen days of class left," he said brightly.
"Mm. Dean and Cas are helping tomorrow. Dean said something about minions." Gabriel gave Sam a small smile, yawning again.
“If he’s mostly okay physically, I’m going to push for him to be released to you. The speech and memory... it’s not something that can really be handled here. He’ll be better off recovering at home and
"You are good enough, Cas... and I'm sure Dean would be livid if anyone suggested that you were anything less than perfect. The way he watches you..." Gabriel hugged him close, pressing Castiel's face into his neck.
Nodding, Gabriel looked up at his mate before he pulled him down for a kiss. "I love you, Sammy. And I'll always share our sweet niece."
Gabriel stood, tugging Sam into a kiss. "I love you so damn much... you didn't have to do that... but I love it."
"He definitely does... it's... shitty." Shoving a hand into his hair, Gabriel shook his head. "I know that Sam's worried about him."
"Not much. That it was his fault Amelia and Claire had died. That he's a monster." Dean moved, carefully lifting the rancher up into his arms with a soft grunt before heading towards his bedroom. He carefully removed Castiel's boots, setting them by the foot of the bed before he looked up at Gabriel. "I er... I should let you undress him. I'll get you a pair of PJs for him."
"I never said that it wasn't good, Garth, it's just..." Dean shrugged, biting his lip as he watched Castiel cut off a bite of the pie.
"She's doing really well, according to Garth," Dean told him, then looked at Castiel. "I forgot the gift, um..."
"Mm. Slow down with chewing, loves. Just chew it thoroughly, and then make sure you let it settle, okay? It won't be as nice if you have to get sick," Gabriel told them gently.
"Still... I didn't want you to have to deal with my rut." Gabriel shifted his hips, trying to find a comfortable position. "I'm going to need you again, and..."
Fuck- Sam may love calling him Sir but Gabriel had a feeling that his Samsquatch had a little dom in him- that wasn't Gabriel, obviously. "Yes, please... just like that!"
“In that case...” Sam squeezed Gabe tight. “I also have other fantasies. Filming us having sex, going down on you at the movies...”
Gabriel shot him an amused look from the stove. He was making them a delicious breakfast because damn it…
Dean smiled, pressing a tender kiss to his forehead. He couldn't wait to show Castiel one of his concerts.
Hearing his toast pop, Gabriel went to finish assembling his sandwich. "So your computer working for you?" Pulling out his phone, Gabriel checked to see if Sam Winchester had gotten himself a car yet.
"Of course you were." He cracked a smile and glanced at Charlie. "We'll be ready to go whenever you finish here, Gabe."
Sam couldn’t wipe the smile off of his face as he got out and helped Gabe with his bags. “Let me take them. Cas is gonna wanna hug you.”
Curious, Sam entwined his fingers in Gabe’s whiskey locks and gave a little tug, eager to see his reaction.
"Water-based lubes wash away in the water, then we have silicone-based lube for our play right now." Excited to show Sam the options later, Gabriel headed inside.
It helped for him to know where Sam was, where Dean and Cas were. It allowed him to close his eyes again. When had he opened them? He breathed in and out for a long moment, feeling it get steady and even. He'd just rest for a minute... one minute...
He knows he should be sleeping, or at least not drinking alcohol at nine o’clock in the morning. But his mind can’t seem to shut off the fucked up things the wife and her husband were screaming at him (or really, anyone that was in ear shot of listening), even while they were being cuffed and shoved into the back of a police car. The little girl’s tear streaked face and wide, terrified eyes will probably haunt his dreams for a long time. He doesn’t need to be a fly on the wall to know that couple tried to shove a bunch of bullshit at the little girl, trying to convince her that her dad’s were evil.
Sam scans his badge to unlock the computer and after a few clicks, he turns his head slightly back to Dean. “When did the scent bond start?”
“Could you just fucking not for five seconds!” Dean hisses pushing off the dresser and drunkenly walking into the hallway.
“We need to get out of here, Dean,” Sam says firm but softly. “He...or they, know where we are. We need to get out of here and Cas somewhere safe.”
“I gag her, make her bite down on something so I can’t hear her noises. So I’m only thinking of you,” he continues, hands slipping down the front of Dean’s pants. It takes Dean a second to process that at some point Cas had undone his belt, the sneaky bastard. “I can’t make her gag on my cock like you use to. When I look down and see her and her pretty red lips around it, I-I –”
“Sam, I’m not – ” Castiel stops himself and takes a breath. “I don’t think after what I have been through you would consider me the most ‘holiest’ of anything. Maybe with anything else I might chance it, but if this is our only shot with Dean, I’m not going to risk it.”
“Fuck you!” Castiel spits out trying to roll away from the shifter and to the opposite side of the bed. “When Sam and Dean –”
angel – Dean realizes exactly why some of those stupid humans bartered away their souls for just a few more years to be with someone they swore they loved more than their own life itself. Because, at the end of everything, they did, didn’t they? And no one – not even Heaven itself – can possibly know how deeply he and Cas are both woven into each other’s lives. No, not even Heaven can understand the bond that’s been created between them. Hell, until just now, realizing he’s going to lose Cas for, possibly, forever, Dean hasn’t even realized it.
“Not his hands I’m thinking about,” the first one says. “I wonder what a mouth like his would look like with my knot shoved down his throat.”
“My grace is returned. I owe you nothing.” Castiel hisses, feeling his grace tingling at the tips of his fingers.
Dean has never wished he could disappear more than he does right now. A part of him always knew and always dreaded that Castiel would figure it would. The angel did always have a knack for knowing when he was lying. But Dean never thought it would be when he was cornered in the car, unable to avoid it.
“Little brother is taking a nap in his office. Hasn’t gone home since you came here, actually.” She reaches up for something. Dean blinks and everything becomes a bit clearer. “Didn’t think you would make it, honestly. He had us trying all sorts of crap to get you to wake up. I’m actually surprised you’re doing this well considering what your body went through in such a short time.”
Benny’s eyes flash from their usual blue to red in a blink of an eye, and he roughly shoves Dean back. For a moment Dean thinks he’s going to attack him, but Benny turns and storms out of the garage to his truck, peeling out onto the road.
Cas hums as he rubs Dean’s back once more before settling his left hand on the small of of his back, and moving his right behind his head, propping it up. “That explains why he was visiting. I wondered why he wasn’t at the hospital tonight.”
But still, if he’s learned anything over these past couple of years, it’s that betas almost have a worse need for ego fulfillment than alphas. They can get away with more due to their “lack of ability to scent” and “understanding stronger emotions between either designation”. It’s annoying, but there isn’t anything he, of all people, can do other than accept it.
His body collapses as the pain vanishes from his body like it was never there. Castiel is aware enough this time to register Sam beside him, helping him sit up. Sluggishly he shrugs off the younger Winchester’s hands. Other than feeling suddenly drained and a slight ache in his chest, there isn’t any pain. There isn’t anything physically wrong with him, except for the intense feeling of Dean’s weakening grace calling out to him from the other room.
Unable to stand it anymore, Dean ends the call and moves his hand back down to his asshole. Without any hesitation he shoves two fingers inside himself and moans. He pumps them in and out a few times but it isn’t enough. Dean slips another finger in and pushes them in deeper. His hips start thrusting into the mattress matching the thrusts inside him.
Dean gasps as he feels Castiel’s tongue slip past his rim, but the warmth is quickly joined with something more solid – his finger. For a moment Dean tenses, thoughts flooding back to that night in the alley, but the alpha sucks hard before starting to thrust his tongue and finger in unison. Dean lets out a cry, gripping the hair tighter, rocking his ass against the alpha’s mouth. It feels beyond incredible. All his senses seem to come alive, as the alpha spears him open, making the most obscenely wet noises.
Besides the fact another angel has the audacity to even fucking touch his angel’s wing, let alone attempt to bring Cas pain that way, Dean is surprised Cas hasn’t stabbed him in the throat.
Rolling his shoulders back, ignoring the throbbing from his muscles, he schools his face and looks up at Sam. “What did Crowley tell you?”
“I learned from a friend a few tricks on how to help control you types. Pathetic omegas that think they still have rights. Did you know that by grabbing an omega by the neck and applying pressure right here,” he pushes in on the spot again and Dean gasps as the urge to submit is so strong his arms give out from under him. “You can basically get them to do anything you want? Kind of like picking a dog up by their scruff, you are the one in control.”
Even as he tries to remind himself, the memories are still there and his feelings of fear and shame never lessen. Sighing, he starts walking again about ready to celebrate as the voices grow louder the closer he approaches the door. Wait, is that Crowleys voice? Narrowing his eyes Castiel grasps the doorknob and pulls the door inward with a little more force than intended. He’s met with a low chuckle from Crowley who stands there, looking his usual smug self, and two startled brothers that look ready to engage in whatever surprised them.
The door opens and closes just as quickly with Sam walking over to the stool and sitting down. Dean feels his brother’s eyes on him, and shifts uncomfortably in his seat. He can tell the moment Sam sees the bite mark on his neck.
Sam runs a hand through his hair and shakes his head. “Don’t listen to him, Cas. He’s just scared. It’s going to work.”
“This isn’t the best place to have this conversation,” Castiel voice rumbles behind Dean. “I suggest we take this inside.”
Optimistically though, I think this will be a shorter story and wrapped up pretty quickly. You guys wont have to suffer too long. ~_^
A small part of Dean hates himself for even wondering anything about the alpha. The larger part of him – the part that belongs to the ache in his chest – hurts so badly not knowing anything about Castiel. He feels like he’s going crazy with the two polar opposite feelings raging inside himself.
“He disappeared ages ago. Everyone thought him dead. I assumed so myself; at least hoped.” Crowley adjusts his suit jacket, eyes darting back and forth between the noise where Cain must be and Dean.
Even with his coat and all the other layers on, Dean swears he can still feel his hand on his skin. He wants to to knock it away, then claw at his flesh, but he just stands there, looking ahead at all the people coming towards him, unable to get his God forsaken legs to fucking
The weight of the blanket feels surprisingly good, despite it smelling like moth balls and years of neglect. Castiel takes a moment to focus on the grace inside Dean. Even with just being a room away, he has to strain to feel it. It’s weak, barely a flicker, but not stifled like before. This time it’s more permanent. So many question flood his mind that he cannot find any answers to. Will the bond breaking between them kill Dean? Is the demon also destroying Dean’s soul by ridding itself of his grace? Is his grace the only holding thing holding the demon inside him at bay from taking completely over? If his grace is the only reason Dean’s body is technically alive to begin with, can it survive without him?
“Uh, yeah,” Sam says, glancing back at Crowley again. “Sixth was when he started acting more human.”
Swallowing back bile rising in the back of his throat, Dean pulls back his hand and looks just below his brothers head to see his neck cleanly slit in a very precise curve. Something tickles on the edge of his mind – a nagging thought that he can’t put his finger on. Dean feels his face scrunch up in annoyance, and has to look away. Rising back to his feet, the hairs on the back of his neck begin to raise. Looking around the room Dea tries to find the source of his discomfort.
“We have to get to Dean,” he tries to keep his voice steady, but a sudden shiver creeping up his back settles an unease of foreboding over him.” Did Crowley tell you anything that might help us find them?”
The first thing he notices as he pushes Sam aside is the chair laying on its side, the chains in a heap beside it. In the amount of time it takes to realize his, Dean appears from the shadows, a sideways smirk across his face.
Castiel pushes himself up, slowly standing from the ground. A comforting weight he has been missing so terribly it brought him physical pain rests on his back again. He rolls his shoulders, listening to the sound of feathers only he can hear rustling behind him. A slow smile spreads across his lips as he tips his head backwards. Castiel spreads his wings out behind him, rememorizing every twitch of his muscles, every sound of feathers brushing against one another, and appreciating the way his body feels more balanced-complete- with the rest of him.
“Had an odd name. Castle, or something, wasn’t it?” Benny continues, as if they’re having a regular conversation and not one that is slowly ripping Dean apart inside.
Charlie spends the rest of the day in his apartment doing whatever. He’s not exactly sure. Honestly Dean expected her to be gone when he left to get more liquor for the store on the corner. But when he came back fifteen minutes later, she was still there. Sitting on her usual chair, looking around his place with something that looks so close to pity Dean decides he needs to be more inebriated to deal with.
He lets his eyes linger over the hundreds of graves between him and the trees, wondering if one day Cain was planning to make Dean apart of his killings. He was a descendent of Cain, worthy enough for the Mark set upon him, but would Cain fulfill his plan and even kill Dean? Would he have to watch his Righteous Man die all over again, or would he die trying to save him even though he was now Dean’s greatest enemy? The thought of Dean being covered in blood again, lying limp in his arms sends a shiver he is unable to control through him. Castiel glances back at Cain, unable to still meet his eyes.
Sam eyes him for a moment and then balls up his wrapper with the remainder of the food and tosses it in the bag. “First we need to figure out if we can even find him. Secondly, I think if we come up with something like giving him doses of holy water then –”
“I understand that you don’t want this –Never wanted this.” He waves a hand between them. “I thought after last night things might be different, but…” Castiel lets the pause linger between them as Dean tries again to scent the air, not even caring that he isn’t being subtle about it. He tightens his jaw as he comes up with nothing again right as Cas breaks their eye contact. “I understand why you want to see your brother, and I’m
The next day after Sam has finally given him the okay to be released, Dean feels like he’s practically vibrating in his own skin with an itch to see Cas and get some answers. But instead of Sam walking him to the exit, he leads him out of the Rejection Wing and towards his regular office. Dean finds himself slouching back against a somewhat lumpy chair, trying to make himself disappear by sheer force of will.
“Castiel genuinely seems like a decent guy. I’ve had a few conversations with him, after you were out of the woods.” Sam shrugs and runs a hand through his hair, letting out a big sigh. “I’m not saying bite the guy tonight, or sign off the guy completely, okay? That’s not what I’m telling you to do. What I’m telling you to do is get to know him, at least.”
A little part of him wants to give into the blackness. The empty void in front of him seems rather peaceful. There is a nagging feeling he should go back. There is something important he has to do. Without putting too much thought into either one, the burning cold engulfs him. He hears someone screaming far, far away. Even with the distance, the agony in the voice reaches him. The rawness of the emotion explodes before him in a bright supernova of blue light, consuming him in a white hot fire of pain.
“We were talking about Cas before she came up to the table,” he says slowly, connecting the dots. “Oh shit.”
“Why not Honduras?” He waves his hand around. “This place is chaos. Screw needing demons to rein evil down, people are doing a pretty fucking bang up job on their own. These people have so much violence and hate inside them, no one would think twice about another body turning up.” Dean sighs dramatically. “And still you found me.”
Warm, soft hands slide across his unshaven cheeks, cupping his face carefully; like he’s something delicate, precious – like he’s worth something. The simple touch feels like coming home. There aren’t any words that describe how it feels to have the only person’s hands touching him that he’s been yearning for for too damn long. Dean isn’t even embarrassed when a sound like a whimper comes out of him as he leans into the touch.
Dean watches as Castiel’s jaw clench so hard it looks painful. His eyes trail down his body, admiring and drinking in the curves and lines until he gets to his cock standing heavy and full between them. Dean’s mouth quickly fills with saliva as slick begins to pool underneath him.
Honestly it shouldn’t surprise him that Crowley has something like this. In the years of knowing of the demon, he’s been very good at coming by things that were once thought to be lost. And something like this, something that can be used to take the very essence of an angel, well
Twisting back to the side to glare towards his mate, Dean snaps, “I know we haven’t really known each other the longest, and definitely not in the best of situations, but I’m not one of those people that just lays their feelings out there, okay? I’m more of a fake-it-till-you-make-it type of person.”
Sam gave him a bottle of pills that looked suspiciously like birth control tablets one of his exes use to take. His brother said they are suppressants and they’d help lessen the symptoms of his heat. The blockers (though never really out on the market) are now being considered illegal because they “deceive” others of their true designation.
“I hit him twice,” he says steadier, as if he’s just giving commentary to a movie he’s watching. “Said I was losing the business money. Wasn’t dependable and then said I was just some warm hole to fuck. Then I hit him after that.”
An hour and a half of going through the motions of taking a shower and switching the out his laundry, Dean finds himself stiffly sitting in one of the clinics rooms, staring at the examination table covered in that crinkly white paper. The nurse that had taken his vitals said it might be a little bit before Sam could see him, which Dean just acknowledged with a nod. He had now been waiting twenty minutes, mind completely blank of how to explain to his brother what happened.
the motel keys?” Dean rambles running a hand through his hair. He glances at Sam who’s forehead is furrowed in concentration as he stares at his phone. “It had to’ve been someone who knew us and watched us pull into this spot.”
Castiel’s eyes darken, as he quirks an eyebrow at him. He scents the air before leaning his head against Deans, slowly moving them back until Dean is lying flat against the bed again. Castiel holds himself up over Dean, panting and searching his face with an emotion Dean doesn’t understand. The omega side of him has all but taken over and all that keeps whispering through his mind now is
Not expecting silence in response, Dean shifts awkwardly in his seat. Truthfully, he really is just done with today enough to not want a fight, but not hearing Cas saying anything one way or the other makes him uncomfortable. Did seeing another alpha touching him really fuck up everything? Racking his head to try and work through some of the holes in his memory, Dean starts to feel the car begin to slow. The sirens cut off, instantly making his the pounding in his head more bearable. Lifting his head, Dean chances a look up and out the window. The cruiser rolls up cautiously to the ER entrance, the red and blue lights still flashing against the brick wall causing some of the dizziness to return.
“You sonofabitch!” Dean starts for Crowley, but Sam catches him and locks his arms around Dean, holding him back. “This is all your damn fault!”
They lay like that for a long time; just letting their breaths slowly fall into synch, listening to each others heartbeats while their fingertips trace patterns into each other’s skin. It’s peaceful. A type of peace that Dean doesn’t think he’s ever really known before, but is pretty sure he wouldn’t have found if he hadn’t have found Cas.
Another trickle of water that has been steadily working its way down the side of the cup finally reaches the bottom, and bleeds into the pool. The union causes the small pool to move forward, heading on a slow journey to the edge of the table.
Castiel slams his fist with the syringe down on the table, feeling his eyes glowing with impatience. “I am well aware that I am at fault for everything that has happened these past months. I know I have been less than useful, but know this, Samuel,” he says lowering his voice as he steps closer. “My one mission ever since I pulled your brother out of the pit has been to save him and protect him. You don’t get to stand there and tell me not to use the only thing that might pull Dean back and save him. My whole existence since I rebelled has been for him. If it means giving him the very air I breathe, I would do it over and over again so Dean would have life.” He narrows his eyes at Sam, feeling his grace flaring behind them. If the Winchesters have taught him anything, it is that you never stop fighting for one another.
Scowling, Cas bends down, resting his hands on the edge of the desk meeting Bobby’s stare. There is no way he’s going to let Bobby pin this on him.
,” he interrupts, spitting out the word with so much sarcasm it makes the little grace left inside him tingle over his skin. “When I heard someone like you was in a town – and a weakened angel, no less – well, hell! I just thought that was something lookin’ into.” Dean tilts his head to the side, his eyes raking over Castiel with such hunger that Cas tries to struggle against his hold. Dean smirks, leaning down enough that their noses touch. Castiel glares up at him, refusing to turn away. He catches the scent of everything that makes up Dean; the leather of the seats of his car, the spice of his aftershave he sometimes puts on, but there’s something else. Something he can’t put his finger on.
“If it was anyone else I’d completely agree,” Sam says quietly. “But he’s an angel with grace that’s been unable to replenish. He was sick before…” Dean hears him shifting on his feet before he sighs heavily. “Is there even coming back from this?”
Dean feels the sharp points of his fangs scrape across his lips as his grin widens. “How’d he die again?”
Dean lifts up a couple of shirts laying on the dresser but his keys aren’t under them. Sam moves to stand in front of him, but Dean sidesteps and walks over to the side table in between the beds and starts lifting up a Kleenex box like they might have magically been hiding underneath it. Giving a frustrated huff, he almost decides to just leave trek it on foot but as Dean turns to head to the door, he sees the glint of his keys from the table in front of the window.
"Uh-huh... did you and Gabriel have a good night, then?" Dean put the other plate in the fridge before he put away the ice cream.
"Here, love... I hope that you like this. All of my music is about you. I know, I know, it's a bit fucked, but you're here now, and well..." Dean shrugged, carefully putting the headphones on Castiel.
"He hasn't let you?" Hm. Dean would have expected Gabriel to sneak it to him, but then again, if it was Sam... he'd have been strict as hell.
Gabriel stroked his hair gently,  feeling it start to dry under his fingers. "Of course not- and I won't tell Cas, either. That's for Dean to do."
"I'm sorry if that nightmare made you think that I didn't trust you. I blame the plethora of drugs, and that's why the worst that I've done is weed." He stroked Sam's hair back from his face, watching him closely. "What can I do to make you feel better?"
“Of course.” Grabbing the phone, Sam sent a quick text to Dean. Then he gently smoothed Gabe’s damp hair back.
In the middle of the night, Cas cried out as he startled awake. He was sweating and trembling as he tried to orient himself.
Dean laughed as Crowley galloped over to them, determined not to be ignored. "Don't worry, I have apples for you too, jealous." He pet the horse, then fed him a treat.
"We are getting them tonight after we get him home.” Gabriel tossed his phone on the counter. "I am so damn excited to see Castiel's reaction. He hasn't ever had a pet."
"Cas..." Dean sighed, then leaned over to kiss him. He didn't think that he was going to win this one.
Sam reluctantly rose to his feet, but rather head to the stairs, the tall young man stumbled over to the couch and collapsed down onto it.
Dean kissed him, getting them both laid back down on the blankets. "You need to come that bad?" He grabbed the lube, raising a brow.
Cas gave a few experimental squeezes, relishing Dean's gasps of pleasure. "I didn't know... how tonight would go. I brought a couple of toys…"
Dean got her set up with the babies, carefully adjusting them. "There, Charlie- two babies to spoil!"
“Ready.” Castiel grabbed Dean’s hands and groaned softly as Dean pulled him to his feet. “I have to pee so badly.”
“They haven’t been too bad. But when I wake up… he’s there. He doesn’t get upset when I wake him...”
"They definitely suck- You good?" Gabriel gently nuzzled Sam's shoulder, smoothing the younger man's hair.
How strange was it to look at his face, pale and still. Honestly, with the bandaging hiding the damage, he didn't look that bad. His body was largely uninjured, other than a broken arm. "He's an organ donor."
Rolling his eyes at the two disappearing men, he moved to check the steaks that he was making. "Where'd that nut drag my brother off to? I'm making dinner."
"And you want to parent my progeny. Wild, aren't you?" He smirked at Sam, then looked at his brother, biting his lower lip.
Straightening, Charlie slipped her arm through his again. "It's easier to concentrate on fixing you up than my issues, but since you are resistant... maybe we can find someone for Dean. He hasn't dated in a while."
"Of course. You know she loves it. Just make sure that you bring her water and that she's mostly on the grass. It might be too hot on her paws." All right, so he was an overprotective pet parent. Dean grinned
Garth moved the wand again and grinned. “If my eyes aren’t mistaken, baby B is also a boy! Congrats, guys!”
Sam had to calm down for a few moments before he finally ate most of his dinner. Then he retreated into Gabe’s arms again.
"Good pick, Sam." Gabriel held Sam close as they started moving together, easily dancing. It seemed natural as anything else with them, and damn if that didn't make it better.
Sam immediately looked in their direction, and he was surprised to see Athena leading Cas to the kitchen. “Look at that…”
"Me too. Just let me run the dishes downstairs and I'll be back." Brushing his lips over Castiel's ridiculously long lashes, Dean smiled.
"Nope, it is dinner time, Cas, and you will go right back to sleep." Dean tried to move the blanket, but Benjamin started crying.
"Well, I know I broke his nose and grabbed him by the ear- I know it fucking hurt him a lot. The blood's not all mine." He motioned to the scrubs that he wore now. "They took my clothing."
He stilled, his brow furrowing before he looked at Sam. "I didn't have to do anything. He's my baby brother. I'd do anything for him."
Gabriel raised a brow at him, "And here I was just going to procure you a maid and laundry service."
Cas looked reluctant but Sam got up and stood beside him. “I’ll sit with him,” he promised, looking eager to help.
Dean pressed his face against Castiel's neck, then pressed a gentle kiss just behind his ear. "I love you, Cas. Tell me if I do something that you don't like."
"And I'm going to show you how much I want you, how much I need every day. I promise you." Leaning up, Gabriel brushed his lips over Sam's lashes.
"Well, I am too greedy to give away my whole library. I will share, though." Gabriel stroked Sam's hair, smirking. "Just think, cuddling on the couch in front of the fire, reading…"
Alfie grinned at the man as he shook his hand. "You're very welcome, Sir. I hope that you have a great week."
A few thrusts later, Dean was shaking over him as he came, filling Castiel with his come as the gripping of his ass brought him over. "Cas!"
"What? But I set an alarm at seven!" It would have gone off right behind Sam! That way he had to move to turn it off, which woke him up. "I was going to make breakfast." Okay, he was pouting.
"I figured that over Christmas I would see it at least once." Dean laughed, shaking his head. "I'm happy for you guys."
The drive to Cas and Gabe’s home took ten minutes, and when they arrived Dean insisted on helping his boyfriend out of the car. Cas grumbled but didn’t have the strength to fight him.
She waved a hand, smiling a little. "You two get your own room with the baby now. sorry I broke you, Gabriel."
Blinking at him, Dean shook his head. "I..." He could have told the usual lie, but something stopped him. "Our father was an asshole, and touching... like this... it's for faggots. You don't hug and touch your friends beyond maybe a pat on the back." He sighed, hugging him back.
"Here, love." Gabriel handed him the pile of clothing, then handed the dog a treat. He grinned as she warily took it, but her tail was wagging.
“Hmm.” Castiel absently rubbed his boy’s back. He had been eating hospital food for almost a week now. “Lasagna?”
"She does, a bit." Dean stroked his finger over her cheek, smiling as he watched them. "She's our perfect girl."
Dean hugged him close, just relishing the feeling of having him close. "Come on, beautiful- let's go get food."
“Yeah?” Sam returned the kiss, holding Gabe closer. “Do you know how long I’ve wanted to hear that?”
The big dog barked, then flopped down on top of them. Gabriel grunted a bit, shaking his head. A moment later, Lucky joined the other dog, flopping down on them.
"Hard!" Sam grabbed at the blankets, grunting in pleasure. "Try...try pulling my hair. Just a little."
He ran his thumb over Dean’s plush lower lip. “Then I want you to dry yourself and wait for me on our bed.”
"Well, it's enough of a compromise for me," Dean told him, dropping a kiss on his mate's hair. "Jude, now, believe it or not, he's the one who is harder to get away with stuff with. I'm the softy. Be good for Daddy."
Slipping an arm around him, Gabriel rubbed his scent onto Sam's shoulder. "You're my mate, Sam... and you are wonderful." His lips quirked a bit. "Besides, I'm just a doctor with no patience for my family- well- now I have Cas back, but... my life's basically me rebelling. Not exactly all that great."
"I didn't mean that negatively," Sam quickly reassured him. "I just meant that you stepped up and gave Cas what your brothers refused to."
Dean moaned, pushing a hand into Castiel's hair before moving to lay down. "Go ahead, Cas. Touch me as much as you want."
"Thank you." He hugged her for a moment longer before they hopped out of the SUV and went into the bakery.
She leaned into him a bit, and Gabriel watched as his man was allowed to lift the dog up into his arms.
"I'll mop when you're done sweeping," Dean told him, then spotted a second broom. "I'll start the living room."
"That's up to you, man." He shrugged, stepping towards his room. "I just think at the least, Dean seems like a good friend. Have fun with "Firebug", Cassie. Good night."
“No, I want cocoa.” He grabbed Gabe’s hand and walked with him to the kitchen. Together they made two mugs of delicious cocoa, and as Sam sipped his, he watched Gabe appreciatively.
The precome on Gabriel's cock slid over Sam's, and he groaned, rolling his hips. He could already imagine Sam inside of him, or him inside of Sam. "Fuck, baby...'
"Well, we're here, Sammy. We've got you." Poor bastards couldn't catch a break. Dean rubbed his back, "how about we watch a movie after dinner? Big cuddle pile?" He knew Castiel would understand.
Reassured, he curled into his boyfriend’s arms. “That’s why I was upset earlier. Gabe told me you were looking to buy a house.”
"A late dinner, hm? As long as I'm with you and we get to cuddle." Gabriel rubbed his hand down his back. "I'm sorry that I scared you."
Pulling out his phone, Gabriel snapped a quick picture, showing it to Sam. "That's one for the wall."
Meanwhile, Chocolatier Gabriel Novak, elder brother and father figure to Castiel endeavors to thank Dean and his Sasquatch of a younger brother, only to realize that he's as sweet on the giant as he is on candy. Will the brothers realize that true love's from the heart?" He mocked, waving a soapy hand through the air.
"Ah, hell, Sam... Can I see? I might be able to help." Somehow. He frowned at the redness, the white thick rope like marks. He'd been beaten, tortured...
"Are the cops coming? Is he conscious?" Fuck, did he mean gone as in dead, or gone as in physically? Dean felt sick, and he wanted to reach over and touch Cas, but he needed both hands on the wheel.
They reached the bedroom, and Dean shut the door behind them. "Inside of me, Cas?" He was down for whatever his man wanted, he just wanted to be clear.
Groaning, Dean forced himself to hold still, not wanting to push more of his cock into Castiel's mouth than he wanted. That hand, though..."You feel fucking amazing, babe."
"I have seen you eating a lot of salads, and Charlie has teased you about it more than once." Gabriel shrugged, smiling. "You'd be surprised what we Professors see."
Sighing, Castiel let his legs fall apart, welcoming Dean between them. His hands cupped Dean’s face tenderly.
Dean eyed the slippers, debating arguing but figured he was already beat on it as the girl rang them up. "I can run these out to Baby, that way we're not carrying them around the mall." Because he strongly suspected that they weren't done.
"That smells awesome, Gabe," Dean told him, wearing a pair of PJ pants that had been set in there. Spotting his mate and their pup, he moved, hugging them both.
"I would never lie to you, Samshine. You know that by now." Starting to strip off his clothing, the blond tossed it into the hamper before heading into their bathroom. It took only a second to get the shower going.
His face fell and he looked to Emma. “You will never, ever have to do that again. I’ll always make sure you have what you need.”
"Oh, I'm sorry," She cleared her throat, then looked at Sam. To her dismay, Dean was getting up and leaving!
"Samshine, I meant it when I said that I would do anything for you. I love you." Stroking Sam's cheek gently, he brushed his lips over the younger man's.
"She's perfect, isn't she?" Gabriel smiled, watching. "Hopefully she'll be up to taking a bottle soon."
Damn it. Dean shoved a hand through his hair, then headed to his bedroom to get changed. He definitely had to work today on his welding projects- he was going to have to work on things more at night, that was for sure. Plus, it'd get him out of dangerous cuddling situations where he was tempted to kiss Castiel, who was his friend. He'd told him, no, and Dean was going to respect that. Resolved (again), Dean got dressed, then slipped out the side door towards the work shop.
"Exactly." Reaching over, he gently squeezed her hand. "They deserve a home and family too, even if they're adults and they don't live there."
Sam pushed his hair back from his face, his hazel eyes dark as they took in every movement. “I like it too. You’re stunning.”
"Samshine, I..." Damn Sam's beautiful eyes. So focused, steady, and calm. He swallowed hard, clearing his throat. "You kissed me awake and then... then you left."
"Awesome! I'll book it and send you the flight details." Fuck, he was so excited. He and Sam had been talking for months, and he felt like he knew him better than anyone else that he'd ever be interested in. Hell, he was falling for him.
Cas walked closely to Emma and he steered into a clothing store for women. Thankfully it wasn’t too busy and an upbeat salesperson came straight to them.
Staring at her phone in the kitchen, Gilda sighed heavily as he came in. "Hey, Cas. You need anything? Last year, Sebastian wet him down."
"Seriously, this... it's great." Hell, it was his place. The first time in years since he'd... "when should I start working?"
“Love you too.” A little rush went through him as he said the words, but it was tempered by the knowledge that they would be separating soon.
Sam played with Gabe’s shirt. “I actually have a fantasy that I want to play out, but it may not be realistic for our first time together.”
"I missed you too... so much. I woke up missing you." Dean kissed him, holding him closer. "I love you, Cas."
"I'm saying I can get into the habit of assuming stuff, and it gets me into trouble- Assume, it makes an ass out of U and Me?" Dean smiled at that little brow furrow. "So I try not to."
Kissing his hair, Dean hugged him close. "Mmhm. Let's get you into bed, and we'll take care of our pups and see our girl in the morning after a good breakfast."
"I'm looking forward to doing better than remarkable." Dean laughed with him, stealing another kiss from him. He couldn't resist- and honestly, it was Castiel's fault for being so kissable, to start with... and that laugh...
Bringing Cas home, awake and somewhat aware, was mind-blowing to Sam. Dean had Cas bundled in his arms, protected from the cold wind as they waited for Sam and Gabe to open the door.
Dean looked over at Castiel. "Cas... come on, love. I'll make you food later, you're falling asleep in your food."
Gabriel grinned from ear to ear, doing a mini photoshoot. "We're going to have to keep doing these as she grows up!"
Watching him for a moment, Dean shook his head with a smile. "All right, all right. You can have the shower first. Make sure you add cold water to it, or it'll scald you- towels are there under the sink." He should get his ass to work in the work shop anyway, and get to work on that statue. He only had so many weeks until Christmas.
"I do." Dean swallowed hard, patting Sam's arm. He did his best not to look at Castiel, who was looking way too good in his suit. In a moment later, he was putting Sam's hand into Gabriel's.
"That's a good question..." Dean blinked, glancing around. "Didn't Gabriel say something about a movie theater?"
Cas watched the children fondly, and when the treats were gone he led Anna and Crowley into their stalls. “Everyone has had a big day. Later this week, I’ll teach you two how to ride them.”
Anna, of course, headed right inside, and Gabriel shook his head. Screw it. He'd clean up after her.
Staring at the ring pop, the shorter man's eyes went wide as he remembered his earlier conversation with Sam. Surely... "Samshine?"
The hotel door suddenly opened and Sam strolled in, dropping his backpack. “Babe?” He looked curious when he saw Gabe hugging another man.
"I wasn't trying to make you jealous." Dean leaned over, rubbing Castiel's back. "Kinda gotta say, though... I like that you were."
Dean tensed for a moment, then hugged him back, letting himself relax into his arms, then slipping his arms around the shorter man.
Sam wasn’t sure how he didn’t come then and there. He heard himself scream Gabe’s name as his hips thrust erratically.
Gabriel looked at Sam, rubbing his shoulder. He seemed like he was feeling much better just holding their girl.
Dean cleared his throat, looking between the two men before he hurried over to look over the massive truck. He could haul his pieces, and... "You got me a trailer?!" He could bring anything that he would need to install with him, and…
Sam obediently finished his juice, his determination renewed. "In that place... when omegas got pregnant... the alphas killed the pups."
"You feeling better, sweetness? Cas and I want to go out for a couple of drinks at Dean's bar." He explained, smoothing Sam's hair.
"Ugh... not an image that I needed, Samalam." He wrinkled his nose, hating that he knew so many details about what they could be doing.
Once everyone had eaten and Jack was changed, Dean bundled his boy into his car seat while Cas grabbed Athena's leash. “We’ll be home before dinner.”
Shaking his head with a smirk, Sam traced his fingers along the side of his glass. “It does. But I still love you.”
see how Sam would take the casual order, he watched him closely. "At dinner, we will discuss what you want to experience and what you definitely do not what. Understand?"
Lifting Castiel, Dean shifted him so that he straddled his lap, then kissed him again, deeper this time. The way Castiel just melted against him drew a moan from his lips, and he slid his hands down to cup his ass.
“Good. Because I need us to go make sure our brothers are okay.” He pulled his head back and looked up at Dean.
"Yes! That's so good, baby." Dean kissed his forehead, stroking his cheeks. "Love you so much, Cas."
After dinner and cleaning up, Cas began putting the children to bed. Emma was the last awake and he indulged her with a snack and a movie on the couch.
"Well, since you are my student, I will feel slightly better about ogling you as I make you grab everything." Gabriel shot him a wink, grabbing Sam's hand for a moment. "I do promise that I will make up for it. You deserve an elaborate breakfast in bed, but that's my love language, isn't it?"He grinned before he pointed to the cupboard. "I need a decent-sized bowl for the waffles to be mixed in."
"A rest sounds perfect." Dean wasn't going to turn down a nap, and a chance to hold Cas. Then again, he should spend time with Sam, if he was done with his date... He wanted to spend as much time with him as possible before the Sasquatch went back to school.
Dean smiled, enjoying the caress. "Can you?" He set his phone to the side, giving Castiel his full attention."
"Anything you want to do to me? Or anything else you'd like us to try?" Hell if he knew. He just didn't want to stop talking. There were so many different possibilities and options- and he'd do anything to see Sam smile.
Cas motioned for Dean to follow him. “I put that job offer package together. Have you eaten lunch yet?”
"Good, baby. Now no more of that- you can be upset that our poor pups had that nasty flavor in their mouths and that's it." Dean winked at him and then offered Castiel a bite of his burger.
Sam’s entire body was already oversensitized and it only took a few more minutes for him to come again. He cried out and collapsed into Gabe’s arms.
They both laughed and Cas sat down next to the edge of the pool. Then he dipped his hand into the warm water.
"You like it? A friend, Kali designed it." His on and of again girlfriend for years until she got married.
Dean kissed his hair, amused. Thankfully, the clean up was quick and they were soon headed towards the parking lot. "So Gilda took a bunch of time off. She's going to Palo Alto."
"I know, honey, and we will be. I just don't want our pets to forget us." They couldn't abandon them, even if Charlie and Gilda were there.
Gabriel shook his head, swallowing hard. "I'll scold him later like Sam said." Dean'd just tried to do what Castiel had asked him to do... all because Gabriel had told them that Dean didn't have clothing.
The new angle had Gabriel's erection pressing into Sam's, and he groaned, concentrating on his fingers on Sam's cock. He nipped at Sam's mouth, kissing him deeply.
"I know. I will probably just sleep. I hate how these drugs make me feel." Gabriel sulked a bit, stroking his fingers along Sam's collarbone. His marks had faded.
Rubbing his hands together, Gabriel grinned at Castiel and Dean. "Now... I got Sam some flowers, and I figured we'd build up the garden with a lot of them after, but...." He grinned, bouncing to his feet, "We're going to fill the library with flowers. I have little plaques and stuff for what each of them means, but I figured we'd do a picnic- fried chicken and a salad? Maybe?"
"Yes, but I can visit, and you said that you were moving back at the end of college, right?" Turning his hand, Gabriel threaded their fingers together, stroking his thumb over his knuckles. "And I'm definitely damaged too. Trust me, Samshine... some days I don't even know what's keeping me whole." He gave a little shrug, his lips quirking up into a smile. "That doesn't stop me from being rather grateful to termites and shitty landlords." And an excuse to have him there.
"Yeah, don't complain if he's gonna spoil us with food, Sammy. I can't wait to try it." Dean sipped his coffee, glancing at the clock. Castiel was damn lucky he'd hired a few more hands, because they were late.
Gabriel nodded, swearing. This time there was no tender moment cutting the cord. Instead, it was as quick as possible, before a good portion of the staff disappeared with the two doctors and their little girl.
"I know that I haven't." Not even when his brother was at his healthiest. "So six months until he is completely healed? Or?"
The younger man felt blood trickle down the side of his head and his vision was blurry. "My… my head..."
"Okay... okay." Dean sat up a bit, pulling his shirt off. "Look, I'm okay. See?" He caught Castiel's hands with his own, stroking them over his chest.
Gabriel moved so that he could steal a kiss from Sam, then sighed. "If I don't move, my legs are going to kill me," he pouted.
Then Remy was greeting them at the door, and he swallowed hard, following him into the room. "I'm sorry, Cas, I'm...." He bit his lower lip.
“Relaxation. I want you to relax, enjoy a quiet night...I’ll head back to my quarters so I’m not bothering you”
When Dean’s second song ended, he picked up any errant bills and stepped off of the stage, behind the velvet curtain.
"What- why would that be... Cas, you don't have to do that." That made no sense to him. Dean rubbed the back of his neck, following him.
"...Not in the room where Sammy and I are, please." Gabriel wrinkled his nose, shaking his head a bit.
"All yours." Sam pulled Gabe to his chest and snuggled into him. "I want all my firsts...to be with you…"
Licking a bit of mousse from the corner of his mouth, Gabriel smirked a bit. "Try it, Sam. I assure you, it's moan-worthy. Delicious and rich on your tongue."
The Professor's hand slipped into Sam's hair, tightening a little as he turned his head to nip at Sam's jaw, teasing him with his teeth before grinding against his Sasquatch of a lover. "I think it wouldn't take
Rufus flopped down in a chair, smirking at his prettiest firefighter- he knew because Dean'd been voted that for the last five years running. "Well, so are you. I'm counting on you, Dean- when we do that auction, you're topless. And for the calendar."
"Tell me how, Sam? In my mouth? I could stroke you off..." Gabriel purred, rubbing back against him.
She rushed forward, pulling paints, sketchbooks, canvases, paints, pens, pencils, and so much more out. Tears sprung to her eyes, and she moved to hug them both.
“It’s like I would take on everything for her.” Sam looked down at the tiny baby snuggled in his arms. “I can’t believe you’re going to let me raise her with you. Love her, guide her, teach her right from wrong...”
Gabriel glanced over at the sound, then pressed his face into Sam. He didn't want to ruin Cas's second kiss, but they had some timing issues. He hugged Sam tighter, stroking his fingers along his arm.
"Then we will adopt a dog from a shelter." Dean nuzzled along Castiel's neck, grinning at the thought.
"It's one of our favorites- pretty easy, and delicious," Bobby told him, then hugged Castiel. "Thank you."
Dean sucked on the bud, teasing it with his teeth and tongue for a long moment. "That's it Cas... enjoy. You taste good. You want me to stroke you some more?"
"He's not affected now, so he's not part of it, is he?" Hell. Gabriel scrubbed a hand over his face as he realized he'd snapped at his brother. "Sorry, I just... he's not. He's a student right now. I'm the one who is being inappropriate, and as tempting as he is, I'm not…" Despite how very easy it could be. Gabriel had seen that in other teachers, other professors with their students.... knew how many people could be... but Sam Winchester deserved more.
"I know that he does." It must have been excruciating for Gabriel, honestly, wanting to care for Castiel so much when Castiel was so scared...
"Sadly, Mozart died last spring, and I haven't had the heart to get another. He was my dog- I found him out in the snow, already old, and..." Gabriel shrugged, his brow furrowing a bit. "He was a damn good boy, though." He pulled out his phone, holding up a picture of Castiel and a large, gray in the face black dog.
Gabriel made a little humming sound, kissing Castiel's hair again. "I am sorry that you are so tired."
"His mystery woman. We can steal his phone, get the number, call her, and have her come here for Christmas." Excited, Gabriel grinned up at his boyfriend.
“I’m not sure. I don’t have much experience with toys.” And there were a lot of them. Big, bigger, small… flesh-toned, hot pink, purple, blue, red…
"Hmm... good." Nipping down Sam's throat, Gabriel sighed. "Help me shower? I feel gross, and I don't want to try it on my own."
"Hey, Samshine." Speaking quietly, Gabriel moved quietly away from his brother. He was exhausted, and his head definitely wasn't pleased with how hard he'd been busting his ass. The plans were already going into the new barn. The horses were all doing well, though they obviously seemed to miss Anna, Cas and... He cut off the thought, sighing softly.
"We'll have to play with them. I will wear one occasionally at work." He moved, quickly cleaning up the kitchen with some disinfectant before he grabbed Sam's hand. "Let's go get cleaned up."
"I can get behind that, though I definitely don't mind cuddling against you." That little hum of happiness... damn. He licked his lips, then dug into his burger a bit.
Rolling his hips, Gabriel felt Sam's cock slide between his cheeks. "Mmm... That's fucking sexy, baby."
"Shh. Let me take care of you, baby. Lay down on your belly. I am going to rub some cream in that'll help." Kissing him, Gabriel waited for him to move to grab it from his end table. "Ready?"
"How about we finish moving you in, shower, and then I'll get your drink and we can talk?" The last thing Gabriel wanted was for Sam to have to worry about anything after.
The zing of pleasure that went through him had Dean grabbing Castiel's hips. He spared a micro-thought to his last clean pants were on him, then Castiel just did
Sam let the kiss go on a little longer before he gently pushed Gabe down onto the bed. Then he dropped to his knees and pushed Gabe’s legs apart. “I want to do this so badly.”
Cas was briefly disoriented, but he pulled himself mostly together and grabbed Dean's hands, letting Dean help support him as he lined Dean's cock up against his entrance.
Sam sniffled and pulled away, watching his brother carefully. “Is there any chance of a meaningful recovery?”
Stroking Sam until he felt him tense on the precipice of coming, Gabriel lapped at his nipple before he let him go. He was so beautiful- and that hand in his hair...
"We'll take care of all of it, promise." Leaning into Sam, Gabriel slipped his arms around his waist.
"Well, there is no rush, and I promise, I will do my best not to hurt you. I mean, I... my relationship history isn't great, but... I will take care of you."Dean gently stroked his fingers along Castiel's lower lip. "We are going at your pace."
"Well, you should hear about that scholarship any day now," Gabriel reassured him, unlocking the car. He opened the door, moving to open the door so that Sam could climb in.
It’s the kind of cold outside that seeps into your bones and settles there. Even despite the heat blasting through the vents Dean shivers. Beside him Castiel stares out the passenger window unfazed by the weather.
Dean lifts his legs to wrap around Castiel’s, and as he’s adjusting the angel, his alpha rocks into him at just the right spot making Dean scream out his name. Castiel pauses for a moment before catching Dean’s eye. Staring up at him he watches at whatever hold Castiel has on his alpha, snap. He reaches behind him, grabbing onto to Dean’s legs, helping hold them up as he snaps his hips forward again, rubbing against the spot inside him that makes his body ignite with pleasure he’s never felt before.
Half turning his body back to his door, Dean gives the guy a cocky smile. “If you’re anything like me then you know how insane I’m feeling in these clothes right now.”
Dean had texted Castiel, telling him he was going out with some of the guys from work. He had learned shortly after their first fight that coming home with work frustration wasn’t good for either of them, so when things got bad he would go out with some of the guys.
Something touches his shoulder and Dean flinches, stumbling out of his chair avoiding, just nearly, falling into his own sick. Spinning around he sees his therapist, Castiel, standing beside his sideways chair, hand still outstretched.
Sam nods as his fingers type over the keyboard. “And the alpha was male. Do you know his age, or approximate age? Build? Job? Or really anything at all that might help.”
Dean licks his lips, coughing nervously as he sits up straight trying to come up with the right things to say. Is there even a right thing to say? Where does he even start? The more he thinks about it, the more the anger simmering in him begins to start bubbling to the surface. Cain stare never wavers from anything less than intense despite Dean stalling, trying to work out what to say. If he really has been “keeping in the loop” then Cain must have some sort of idea why there here and honesty will probably be the best route.
Oh…oh God. He remembers…He remembers everything. “Don’t – don’t touch me!” He yells hoarsely as Dean tries to reach blindly back towards him. Despite the pain intensify at his every movement, he tries to move himself as far back into the seat as he can. “I want to get out! Let me out!”
Castiel sighs, breath fogging the window. They haven’t come across any monster or demons in the last few weak leads Dean had them following. Everything has ended up being a dead end. Maybe something could’ve been there on a few occasions, but it definitely wasn’t anymore.
Castiel’s lip twitches with the faintest hint of a smile despite their grim looking situation. Holy water was really their only option as much as Castiel wants to deny it. Maybe trying to burn off the Mark or cutting it out might be their only other option; though he wagers a guess that Cain might have tried doing something like this on his own. Still, the thought of seeing Dean’s skin boiling and melting off makes a wave of nausea go through him, and his grace flares in response to settle his stomach.
