“I know,” Steve says softly and lays his hand over Tony’s. “You’re not an asshole. Not all the time.”
Then he finds another name he likes. “Peter,” he says and he glances up to meet Tony’s eyes. “Peter’s cute, right?”
But that doesn’t stop Peter from trying to befriend the guy. They were going to be in each other’s lives, and a relationship was bound to form sooner or later. Maybe Peter would move in with his dad and-
Keeping his composure was a struggle. Every day he found himself losing his grip on himself. Pretty soon he was going to bend until he couldn’t anymore, and he’d break in a million little pieces.
Morgan giggles and crawls into bed beside him. She reminds herself that she’s too old to be snuggling with him, but his warmth is nice and it’s been too long since they’ve spent mornings like this. Harley was always waking up and crawling into bed with their parents.
But he was turning his life around. The drinking had to stop now that he has someone who needs him more than ever. What kind of father would he be if all he did was get drunk before ten AM? He didn’t have the greatest example of a father growing up, and now that he has a son of his own, he wants to be better.
When Tony gets back up to his penthouse, he doesn’t drink. He feels proud of himself for not reaching for the bottle. It was progress.
“Tony,” Steve whispers into the darkness. His fingers find their way to Peter’s hair and he cards them through the curls.
“Look, we can just go to my place,” Tony decides and turns around at the next light. “I have a private entrance we can use.”
Bruce is still frowning. “Okay?” He says, sounding a little unsure. Tony smiles and pats his friend on the shoulder to reassure him. It works and Bruce is relaxing.
Peter decides it wouldn’t hurt to see what kind of options he had. He finds an old MIT sweatshirt and slips it on. It fits perfectly.
Steve slumps back, his body going lax. He’s drained and the overwhelming urge to sleep washes over him, but he forces himself to fight the exhaustion. He wants his son.
“Give up?” Natasha smirks down at her nephew. Peter shakes his head and pulls himself to his feet. He was just like Steve. Defiant and stubborn as hell.
Peter takes a moment to get himself under control before taking the elevator to his uncles’ floor. He promises himself not to tell them what he’s learned and just keep the details as minimal as he possibly can.
“I know,” Tony moves closer until he’s standing near Steve. “She’s going to be here when you get out. We all will. And I promise we’re going to visit all the time.”
Tony continues to run his fingers through Steve’s hair, smiling softly when Steve relaxes and his eyes flutter. “Go to sleep. I’m right here okay?”
Tony mumbles something under his breath, clearly not agreeing with his husband. Steve takes Tony’s hand again to calm him.
Happy’s gaze falls on Steve and he gives the omega a small nod of acknowledgement, then he turns back to Tony. “Just don’t do anything stupid while you’re gone.”
Morgan rolls her eyes. Of course Peter would go first. It seemed like he was always stealing the spotlight instead of sharing it.
“It’s right here, Maguna,” Tony assures. Steve holds her out, expecting Tony to take over and feed her, but Tony holds back. “This is your time.”
Steve moans and grips Tony’s hips tightly, leaving behind marks in the skin. Tony reaches down for his cock and jerks himself quickly, wanting to cum when Steve does. Then Steve is hitting that spot again and Tony cries out.
Seeing Steve again should have Tony excited. They hadn’t seen each other in over a decade. Often Tony imagined seeing Steve again and what their interaction might be like. He wondered if Steve would’ve given him the cold shoulder just like he had done. But Steve wasn’t like that.
“You lied to us, went behind our backs, snuck out,” Sam counts each reason on his fingers. “Am I missing anything?”
He had been informed that the Captain was awake and surprisingly not showing any of the side effects past subjects have shown. Nick still holds onto hope.
Steve keeps his distance at first, too shy and unsure of what to say. His first meeting with Happy hadn’t gone so well and it never got better from there. The beta was very protective of Tony, that much Steve could tell, and it was painfully clear that he still had trust issues with Steve.
“But you can smell him, right? You smell him on me?” Tony asks and Steve nods his head. “Oh my God. It is him. And he was right under my fucking nose. I let him in.”
God he loved him so much it hurt. He loved the way Steve carried himself; his confidence was admirable and envious at the same time. Tony loved how smart the Captain was. Steve may be from a different time, but he was clever and his way of thinking was underestimated. His laugh and smile was another thing Tony loved about him. Steve had been reserved at first, but he came out of his shell more and more, revealing the smile Tony couldn’t get out of his head.
But the new person he was to be introduced to was apparently someone Steve could trust. Tony had said so himself, and if he could trust Tony, then he could trust the doctor.
Peter rolls his eyes and sits up, frowning down at his still open jeans. He gives up entirely and takes them off, cursing again when his right leg gets stuck.
“Not really. Usually it’s just a huge celebration and I end up drunk at the end. Honestly it can be skipped. I’m too busy to be throwing parties.”
Peter nods again and then races toward his room. Once he’s gone and out of earshot, Sam and Bucky share a look.
He argues with himself the whole way there, trying to convince himself to not follow through. But that voice wiggles its way back in and talks him out of it. It reminds him of how worthless he is. He was nothing. He was never going to get better. He might as well just give up.
The last thing Steve wanted was to be in the delivery room and still trying to come up with a name. Baby Rogers wasn't going to cut it.
Tony curls forward and screams, his face growing red from the strain. One of the nurses is holding his left leg while she counts down from ten. Tony only makes it to the number four before he’s stopping and gasping for air.
Bucky grumbles some kind of response Sam can’t decipher. He ignores it, knowing his husband’s mood was excusable. Bucky had every right to be upset. Steve’s death was still fresh.
“You good now?” Tony asks when Peter falls silent. He hiccups a few times, and then he’s giving Tony what he wanted. “There’s that little smile. Don’t tell papa but it’s my favorite smile in the whole wide world. Maybe because you get that smile from him.”
Tony pulls away to remove his shirt, then he joins Steve and their lips meet again. Steve breaks the kiss after a moment to trail his hands along Tony’s exposed chest. He runs his hands down Tony’s chest and stomach, and then around to his back. That’s where he finds the scar left over from the bullet wound.
The real reason was Steve. He was exhausted and his back was beginning to ache. He wonders if he overdid it with the nursery. Maybe he should have taken more breaks.
When he has her calm and well on her way to sleep, he shuts the door halfway and moves on toward the other bedroom. Steve isn’t in sight, but the sounds coming from the closet indicate where he’s at. Steve emerges from the closet, a small pile of clothes gathered in his arms. Then Tony notices the bag on the bed.
“It’s going to take a lot more than that to take me down,” Sam smiles. Beside him Bucky scoffs and shakes his head. Sam turns toward him and says, “You’d miss me if I was gone. You wouldn’t know how to move on.”
The pups are in bed no later than eight. It’s a struggle to get them tucked in, especially when it came to Harley and Peter. Harley refused to sleep, whining about how unfair it was. Tony has to take over and read him another story until Harley falls asleep. Peter only wants Steve when it comes to...well, anything. He was close with Tony, but it was Steve he wanted ninety nine percent of the time.
A white, hot pain erupts in Steve’s stomach. A scream rips through his throat and he glances down at the knife plunged deep into his belly. The hand around the edge of the blade twists, causing Steve to cry out again. Steve rams his head forward, connecting it with his attacker’s and sending the man back. The knife is ripped from Steve’s body and falls to the floor.
Bruce decided not to get involved. He knew how competitive his teammates could be and the last thing he wanted was to give them more of a reason to argue with each other.
“Don’t,” Steve warns, pointing the knife in the alpha’s direction when he steps closer. Rollins follows and Steve directs his attention to him. “Don’t,” he growls.
“That was amazing,” Steve grins and brings Tony in for a kiss. He threads his fingers through Tony’s messy hair. “You’re so perfect, Alpha.”
Steve nods and curls up closer to Tony, resting his head on Tony’s chest. Tony keeps one arm wrapped around him, enjoying having him so close.
He doesn’t know if he can do it again, and he hates himself for even considering it. Saving his pups was his biggest goal. His attempts had failed. All but one.
“You didn’t,” Peter spats out angrily, “all you cared about was finishing first and then leaving me there like I meant nothing.”
Tony knows he must’ve struck another nerve and he tries to think of something else they could talk about. Peter was obviously smart so at least he could hold an intellectual conversation. They had the love for tech and science in common. Maybe he was his son.
It was Tony and his team who had the idea to organize a press conference. For a while now the media was wondering what the famous billionaire had been up to since he was rescued and returned to the land of the living. Tony had been brief, not going into detail about his experience. The world only knew that Tony was abducted by a past business partner and held hostage for a large sum of money. It wasn’t entirely true but the public didn’t need to know that.
“Is it okay?” Peter asks, this time panicking for a whole other reason. He can’t help but feel like he’s already screwed up somehow.
“I know.” Tony cradles Steve’s head and runs his fingers through his hair. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. I wish I could make you feel better.”
But Tony knows what will happen if he allows the pregnancy to continue. They would have a son or daughter. Maybe they’d inherit Steve’s pretty blue eyes and Tony’s smarts. Tony’s caught himself daydreaming about the baby, but then he catches himself and scolds himself for it. There can’t be a baby.
And to be honest he doesn’t find it very fair. Tony knew he was far from perfect and had made some shitty choices, but the situation he finds himself in isn’t because of all of his doings. Steve wasn’t so innocent.
I wanted to have some fluffy moments, give Steve a break from feeling so sad. It won't last for long unfortunately, and he'll go back to how he was feeling, maybe even worse. I need to probably update the tags and I'll put a warnings when they're needed. I will try and update soon!
Peter is snapped from his thoughts when Ned elbows him in the side. He glances up and turns toward his friend, ready to question him, then Ned is pointing and Peter follows his gaze.
The first scan Jarvis pulls up on Steve’s next appointment reveals the gender; they were having a boy. The pup was positioned in a way that left no room for questioning. It was as if the baby was trying to tell his parents that their guess had been wrong. Tony finds it hilarious, but at the same time he can’t help but worry if his son would turn out like him. Maybe he’d be lucky and the pup would end up like Steve.
But Tony is not just oblivious, he's learned how to ignore, void, block out the negativities of his life that he doesn't like to dwell on because he might be aware of his negatives, of the activities that he gets up to after dusk and until dawn, but he doesn't want to remember and nor does he want to dwell. He just
"I don't want to."It's almost like a kick to the chest, straight to the Arc Reactor and Tony had thought he'd prefer that more. Tony didn't like to share his things and for him to openly and willingly want to share something important with Bruce, just to be turned out, hurt so much.
"You had a cancellation so we brought him forward. As well that, it means you have a free evening, or that's what Ms Potts has told me."Dr Strange tucks the device away, watching as Tony narrows his eyes suspiciously at the doctor before shrugging a shoulder, humming in amusement.
"So you're saying because I'm deaf, I can get a dog to do things for me that I cannot because of my lack of hearing?"He perks up, looking hopeful and a bit mischievous at having a new argument to use.
And Steve knows that's a damn lie, because even when he's exiting through the backdoor of his own house, he knows that Bucky will still be in the house on his return, just like he always is, wanting to escape from a house that he's never really had attention from to a house where he gets it all.
But the life that there is in New York, in Brooklyn, in Steve, is one that he longs for so much more than what he's allowed to have.
There's hesitation, followed by a movement of the lips that almost has Tony leaning on the tips of his toes in anticipation for the answer he knows to be true, or one he knows to be false. It's all down in the notes, written by Doctors and physiologists that have had the joy or working closely with Barnes shortly after the surgery but had never heard of him again after that shirt prescribed time. And strangely enough, Tony doesn't see anything of the sort concerning a psychologist either.
"I'm done, I'm done with this conversation. Get out."There's fingers pinching the bridge of his nose, a headache building at his temples, a heavy pressure behind his eyes because this is not what he expected to be dealing with, not today, this week, this month or
Steve lets out another breath, deciding to keep looking for Tony's hospital room. He kind of wishes that he knew his last name, it would make things so much easier and maybe then he could ask one of the nurses what number Tony's room is, but then again maybe they wouldn't give it to Steve because he isn't family nor a friend, they're strangers, kind of, they talked that one time so maybe they're now acquittances.
"Yes, I know that, thanks."Tony rolls back his shoulders, feeling the need to square up and make himself feel and look bigger than he actually was."It's extremely complicated and consent is a massive big thing because this will be the first attempt and oh my god, what about
“Not the way Tony is.”Natasha is skilful as she takes the wires out of Steve’s hands and rearranges them in her own, plugging them correctly into the back of the television.”He’s not just charming, he’s
"I see that you are under a lot of stress, this is something new that you shall have to accustom too, Mr Stark."He treats Tony like an adult, which he seems to like. He doesn't try to dumb down his words or try and speak in a gentle manner, because the media knows of Tony Stark, a rouge teenager who deems himself indestructible.
to give him money. That's a first, because as much as Rhodey doesn't want Tony's money, Honey-bear is more than grateful whenever Tony buys the drinks for the night or stalks up the cupboards in their shared dorm.
“You’re not doing anything stupid,” Happy hisses. “I won’t allow it. No more stupid things. You’re banned.”
Steve grunts softly when his stomach contracts again. Doctor Patterson works between his legs, coaching him through the process of passing the afterbirth. The contractions aren’t as painful as the ones he suffered through to birth his son, but they still cause him to groan from the discomfort.
Tony finds a bottle he missed and drinks from it, but the pain was still there. It would forever haunt him.
But forgetting about Tony was easier said than done. He was always going to be on Steve’s mind, no matter how hard the soldier tried to forget.
“Hi, Maguna,” Tony coos. His daughter’s eyes open and lock with his own. “Daddy’s here, sweetheart. I’m here.”
But Flash never does. He appears concerned, a look Peter has never seen on him before. Flash never showed an ounce of sympathy for Peter before.
Making a lucky guess and crossing his fingers, Tony presses the button for the third floor. The elevator jolts to life and Tony staggers backwards, his bare feet stepping into a warm puddle of blood. He wishes Pierce would have had the decency to kidnap him with shoes.
“We can...clean,” he says, his eyes roaming over the living room. He can’t even begin to imagine packing all of their movies and books and photos into a box.
A wince crosses Tony’s face, though his is more because of sympathy for his husband. The epidural was wearing off and Tony was beginning to feel a bit of the soreness from the birth, but it was Steve who was feeling everything.
Steve closes the book and places it on the bedside table, then he reaches for his tea, only to stop when a knock on his door interrupts. He figures it’s one of his friends and with a huff, he climbs out of bed.
I'm not that cruel. There's no way I'd make poor Steve suffer by carrying Pierce's evil spawn. No more hurt for Steve!
Sam finally looks Steve’s way and shoots the omega a smile. Steve stops in his tracks, nostrils flaring as he scents the alpha.
It worked out in the end. The room wasn’t just his anymore. It could fit Steve comfortably for him to recover. The bed was large enough to hold both of them.
“I don't know,” Tony answers, unable to look up and meet Steve’s eyes. His own are burning with tears and he blinks them back, not wanting to let his emotions get the best of him at a time like this.
Anyway! Thank you so so much for the wonderful support you have given me and this story. It was a lot of fun! I love you all so much! ❤️
“That’s good. Morning sickness is different for everyone but if it gets too severe that’s when it becomes a problem.”
“You okay?” Tony decides to ask. He lays his hand over Steve’s shoulder, pulling away quickly when the contact startles the omega. “Sorry,” Tony apologizes.
“You what?” Tony asks, frowning as his large brain struggles to comprehend the words Steve has just told him. “You want to try again?”
He no longer blames Steve’s stubbornness or lack of sleep for his new behavior. Something was wrong, and he was going to fix it.
“But you know it’s true. I know what he did was crappy but that was years ago. I forgave him and I’m the one he screwed over the most. Why can’t you?”
Steve’s stomach churns at the words. He sucks in a harsh breath when that same finger dips inside him. Steve writhes against the alpha and emits another warning growl, but he’s held down tighter. Rumlow leans closer and buries his nose against the omega’s scent gland; he inhales slowly.
“I don’t care about me.” Tony’s hand comes up to rest on Steve’s wrist. “It’s just you and Pete, remember? That’s all that matters.”
Tony appears the most annoyed. Steve blames his mood swings. They’re barely on their third store when Tony allows his sour mood to take full control of the shopping trip.
He’s ready to put an end to this until he sees the look on Steve's face. It’s a look he thought he’d never see again. There was a glimmer of hope crossing his features as he took in the same scene as Tony.
Suddenly the door is opening and Peter gasps in surprise. He backs up until he’s pressed against the wall and away from the crowd of students coming out of the room. He scans the group for one in particular and once he finds him, Peter reaches out and pulls Flash back by his backpack. He didn’t intend to do this, but he’s nervous and panicking.
Harley tries to take the bag the second Tony calls his little family into the living room. Tony holds the bag out of reach, ignoring the way his pup huffs and crosses his arms over his chest.
He doesn’t register the tears at first. It’s not until a wetness covers his hand does he notice the tear drop. Tony sniffs and wipes the tears from his face, and takes a deep breath to hold back any more that threaten to fall.
“I promise,” Tony says again, this time more stern. “I won’t let them. I won’t let them hurt you or our baby.”
For a second Tony doesn’t move. He watches as the red stain grows bigger and bigger. It’s not until Steve is gripping his shoulder tightly does he snap out of it.
The video disappears and Tony peers up, relieved that Steve’s smiling face is now gone. But he still aches for it, despite the pain it puts him through. He wishes he could go back to those days when they were friends. He’d even take their worst days over not having Steve at all.
“Hey. You’re okay,” Tony soothes. He keeps his hands on Steve’s shoulders until Steve is relaxing. He lets go. “It’s just me.”
“I’ve been better,” Steve says and he opens the door the rest of the way. He turns and walks away, leaving the door open, granting permission for Tony to enter and follow. “You were gone for a long time,” Steve states and takes his original spot on the bed. Tony can’t help but notice the array of pillows surrounding the omega. It must be a comfort.
“No. This is about you. I want you to feel good.” Tony leans down to kiss Steve. He waits a few moments before moving again, rolling his hips slowly, ignoring his own needs to meet Steve’s.
I was in bed for 12 hours so I’m feeling a little better. I hope everyone is doing good and staying safe!!
Steve gives Tony a kiss then he slips out of the room to give Tony some privacy. Pepper’s incoming call immediately comes through.
Peter knew better than to hide on the ceilings, but there were times when he needed to cool down and found solace in high places. Steve would let him cool down that way, supervised of course.
“Sorry,” Bucky mutters and makes sure he’s standing beside Steve’s head. “You’re doing good. He’s almost here. About damn time, huh?”
But there was still that ounce of doubt Tony had regarding the pup. The results of the test wouldn’t be for a few days, and though a part of Tony had been hoping that he wasn’t tied to the baby growing inside of the omega, the other half can’t help but wonder what it would be like if he was.
Alpha comes closer, his dress shoes clicking against the floor with each step. Steve keeps his eyes locked on the icy blue ones, emitting another warning growl when Alpha is too close. The alpha only smirks in response to the omega’s warning.
“What happened?” Bucky demands, dropping down beside his friends and eyes landing on the spot Natasha’s hand is resting over. There’s so much blood. “Steve, hey look at me. Pal, look at me.”
Tony scoffs and turns away when the bartender returns with his drink. He thanks the man with a nod before taking a sip from the glass.
The suit fit perfectly and the tie was...well, it was around his neck. He couldn’t tie it the way his daddy did. He would just have to ask for help.
The smile on Steve’s face falters. “I’m sorry I haven’t made things easy. I just...I haven’t felt like myself since Morgan was born.”
“I thought we were doing that anyway,” Tony grumbles and decides to try one more time to get his jeans fastened. It’s to no avail and he’s forced to give up.
Clint scoffs. “You love parties. I hate to break it to you but there’s no one you can hit and run here.”
His sons whine softly and Steve has to calm them by letting them nuzzle his neck and inhale his scent. He holds his babies close, happy to have them back in his arms. They were safe now.
“Everything’s fine,” Bruce says once he finishes the exam. “You’re six centimeters and the baby is still in a good position.”
Pepper storms over and slaps him hard across the cheek. Tony’s head whips to the side and he turns back at her, wide eyed and with a stinging cheek.
This time Tony releases a small sob and he can’t contain his tears anymore. It’s not an act anymore. He’s not putting on a performance for his husband or friends. The guilt has finally become too much.
Tony narrows his eyes. “I knew you’d side with Bucky. Are you two capable of having separate opinions?”
Tony is gripped tightly by Rumlow, his face beaten and fresh blood dripping from his busted lip. He glances up at Steve, defeat flooding his usually confident eyes.
“This is your fault!” Peter screams angrily at the statue. “You lied to me! You promised you’d always come back and you lied!”
“Yeah I see that.” Tony rises to his feet and gestures for his son to do the same. When Peter frowns in confusion he says, “I better get you back. I don’t want to piss off the scary assassin.”
“Hmm…” Steve pretends to think it over. “I guess. But that’s five minutes less of what you get from me.”
“Guess now we can start shopping,” Tony announces later that evening when they’re both curled up on the sofa. Tony is sipping from a steaming cup of coffee while Steve works on finishing his chamomile tea.
Steve rolls his eyes playfully and leans in close to peck Tony on the cheek. Their moment is cut short when a loud
Tears are running down his face, choked sobs leaving him whenever Peter squirms and wails. Steve can’t figure out what he did wrong.
Natasha quickly reaches for more tissues when Steve starts sobbing again. Her eyes widen in surprise from how hard he cries and she reaches out to rub his shoulder.
He doesn’t have a suit to aid him, but his father already told him the suit doesn’t make the person. Peter would just have to be careful and rely on the bit of training he’s had over the past few weeks. The voice in the back of his head reminds him that a few weeks of training didn’t make him ready, but Peter tunes the voice out.
He had been sure he’d never get that simple life he had wanted. The idea had been thrown away the moment he thought he lost Tony forever. They were never supposed to have found each other again, but here they were, with a son and soon to be married. It was better than anything Steve had envisioned.
Sarah giggles and bounces; the sound brings a smile to Steve’s face. Harley comes over to join in, throwing himself over Steve’s back and wrapping his little arms around the omega’s neck. He nuzzles Steve’s scent gland.
“Captain?” Jarvis pipes up and Steve naturally glances up at the ceiling. He can tell by the tone of voice the AI takes on that he was going to get a lecture. He’s heard Jarvis concerned and he never hesitated to let Tony or any of the others know that he was worried. Sometimes Steve would forget that Jarvis wasn’t human.
“I don’t know. He said he was making dinner and then you’d pick her up. Tony, he’s not answering. I-”
Steve removes his hands from Tony’s hips and presses Tony down into the bed, leaving his ass in the air and face buried in the sheets. The new position allows him to reach deeper and hit those bundles of nerves with each thrust. Tony grunts, turning his head to the side and squeezing his eyes shut. He’s unable to get himself off like this, but he doesn’t have to. Another hit to his prostate has him reaching his release.
Thank you guys for being so patient with me! I've been struggling with a lot of my stories lately, but I'm starting to get ideas for them now and this one I really want to finish. There's not too many fics with this kind of subject. At least I haven't come across very many. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy this chapter!
His hands roam over Steve’s body, exploring every inch until he’s right where the omega wants him. Steve gasps, back arching off the bed when Tony plays with his cock. No other alpha has bothered to touch him the way Tony was now. They never cared about pleasuring him. They were only takers.
Steve topples over the edge first, back arching off the bed and screaming Tony’s name until his throat burns. Tony fucks him through it, not slowing down the pace of his hips. He thrusts three more times before he’s spilling inside of Steve.
Panic ensues. He shouldn’t have come off so strong. Tony had claimed he felt the same way but maybe he meant something else. Maybe they weren’t on the same page. Steve’s ruined it.
Steve shudders and a small gasp leaves his lips when Tony takes the lobe of his ear into his mouth and nibbles on the soft flesh. Tony’s hands find their way to his broad shoulders, sliding the jacket of his suit off and letting it fall to the floor. Those same hands grip the silky tie and yanks Steve forward until their lips are meeting again.
They weren’t a perfect family. They fought, they drove each other crazy, but at the end of the day, they were all that they had.
“The baby...he...he’s moving. Steve, I think I feel him.” Tony grips Steve’s wrist and leads his hand to the spot where he was sure he felt a kick. Steve’s brows knit together. He must not feel it. “I swear I-there it is again! Do you feel it?”
“He’s not Iron Man anymore,” Peter reminds and pulls out his AP Chemistry book to slip into his backpack. He shuts the locker door a little harder than he means to. “He’s just...my dad.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I get it. Geez. Is there anything else? I don’t see any pretty omega’s on my arm.”
Steve lets out a sigh and leans back against the couch, digging the heels of his hands in his eyes. “I’m sorry. I know you tried. God, Tony I’m so sorry.”
“Please,” Steve nods and he scoops his little girl into his arms, pressing a kiss to her cheek. He glances at the two chairs across the room where his other two pups are currently sitting. Harley is all smiles with his grape lollipop. Steve can’t help but smile back.
“Yes!” Steve gasps. He desperately wants to touch the alpha, feel his soft, warm skin. He wants to hold him close and kiss the parts of him he can reach. But he holds off.
“Uh no he’s mom.” Tony corrects and points a finger in Steve’s direction. “I just got stuck with this part. No offense, honey.”
“Bed,” Steve mumbles against Tony’s lips and grips the front of Tony’s shirt, pulling him backwards.
Steve sighs. He was used to Tony complaining about his back and feet or the constant urination, but the mood swings was something he had not been accustomed to yet.
Steve keeps his gaze locked on the screen, absorbing the image of his pup, memorizing the fluttering of its heartbeat. He wants nothing more than to protect this one. He had already made that promise.
“Are you keeping the...you know?” Ned whispers the last part just in case someone could hear them. Peter knows his parents wouldn’t just barge in without knocking first.
“I got her.” Tony comes closer and Steve passes their sleeping baby to him. She squirms, soft whimpers leaving her pouty lips when she’s disturbed. “It’s okay, sweetheart,” Tony coos, and he brings her over to the crib, gently laying her down.
Happy notices Peter and waves him over. He throws a hand over Flash’s shoulders, provoking an embarrassing squeak out of the teenager.
“I don’t need your help,” Steve says stubbornly. Tony sighs harshly. He knew how difficult his husband could be and in the past it was his stubbornness that led to some pretty nasty fights, but he was sure after their daughter’s birth that he would tone it down.
“Look at me. Darling, I love you. I’m sorry for what I did. I panicked and reacted wrongly. But I’m so so sorry. I want this to work. I want us to be a family. I want you.”
Steve quickly undresses, removing the rest of his clothing and letting them join Tony’s crumpled ones on the floor. Tony takes a moment to admire the perfect body beneath him. Steve never failed to take his breath away. He was absolutely stunning.
Tony joins him on the bed, deciding to lie on top of the blankets instead of following Steve and climbing under them. It wasn’t like he was going to be getting much sleep anyway. His mind was still racing and unable to find any rest.
“Thank God! I mean it wouldn’t be the end of the world but a baby right now would just be-wait, not yours? Whose is it?”
The beginning of their relationship had been rough, both were too stubborn and too stupid to realize that there was more than friendship brewing between them. It wasn’t until Natasha knocked some sense into them (literally. Steve’s sure the serum didn’t fully heal the bruise) did they start acting like adults and communicate.
“Perfect. Serve whatever you like and then we can watch tv or something, I don’t know. What do you and Tony normally do?”
Steve moves through the corridor, sneaking up behind the enemies he stumbles across as quickly and quietly as he can. Discovering the room with the stolen weapons is the easy part, but taking down the guards is a different story. The fights never went as planned.
Tony finds his son hiding out in his tent one afternoon, and he’s not surprised to find Dodger inside with him. Tony pulls back the flap and pokes his head inside, immediately greeted with a happy bark from Dodger.
“Careful what you wish for,” Tony teases with a wink, then he turns toward his son and scoops him into his arms. “Time for bed, squirt.”
The dish in Steve’s hand slips and clunks loudly against the sink. He forgets about the dishes, his mind entirely on yesterday’s events. He screams at himself to reply to his son, but he can’t find his voice. The tears are back, threatening to fall. He tries to hold them back.
"June 2nd."He coughs up the confession, watching how the various emotions seem to flicker through Tony's eyes in a matter of seconds before they settle on one.
"Now you're starting to sound like Bruce."He rolls his eyes, moving his hand so that he's pointing at the clock with his bottle of beer."It's past noon, it means I can drink. Small hand is at 12 and the big hand is at-"
"Tell me where I'm wrong."Tony sighs with a roll of his brown eyes, rolling his head to the side in a way of boredom to cast a glance at Obadiah Stane as the man approaches. He knows well of Obadiah Stane, he's had his encounters and none of them have been pleasant.
, whether he realises that or not. This isn’t his first uncomfortable gathering.”With that, Natasha is getting up from beside Steve and is flicking on the television from the mains, leaving Steve frowning behind the TV, eyes watching the way that Tony’s eyes crinkle as he cackles at something that Thor has just muttered into his ear.
"What are you, a superhero?"Steve laughs, holding the phone a little too close to his face as he tries to shuffle through the crowds of people that have found their way into Natasha's home. It was supposed to be a quiet New Years party with just their inner circle, which ended up - because Thor has a big mouth - as a full blown party that Steve wishes he hadn't gotten involved with.
But they do, the changes matter a lot because even if it's just mer objects, articles of clothing in new wardrobes or ornaments in a garden that was once cobbled with stone but was now layered with green grass, it meant that he people around you had changed too. And more so, it was Steve that had changed the most from his experiences in Afghanistan, even if he didn't know it truly himself.
"But I wanted to,"Steve smiles, looking over at Tony who stares in shock. Nobody has willingly bought Tony something in ages - other than Jarvis at his birthday, and Rhodey when it comes to pizza -, nevermind someone like Steve who is practically a stranger to Tony. He feels all warm.
Tony bites his bottom lip with a grin, sitting down on the edge of his bed. It's ridiculous of how Steve makes him feel sometimes, how even just remembering the simplest of things makes Tony's day brighten up because somebody
"Food, eat."Tony likes to call their living quarters a dorm but in retrospect, it's an apartment on the edge of campus with all expenses paid and the only worry you have is to make sure your key doesn't fall into the wrong hands and that there's milk in the fridge. Maria accommodates them, their rent, bills, maid service if need be, and it's one if the few things that Rhodey does accept as a Stark curtesy because as a college student, he'd rather take a blow at his self pride rather than being neck deep in debt.
."Bruce smirks, pushing Clint further into the house before Phil, Bucky and Steve all freeze to death outside. Clint lets out a whine, stumbling further into the house and towards the family room where a tray of hot chocolate and a bag of marshmallows are placed on the coffee table.
"We'll talk about this tomorrow, I'll sign you out."She still has the remainder of her shift to complete, unlucky for her, she has the graveyard shift but it was overtime pay which means double the money than a regular shift."Do you need money for a bus or can one of your friends pick you up?"
"Holy shit, I think Bruce found his soulmate."Bucky whispers from the otherside of the room, watching how Tony snatches up a pen and napkin that had been sitting on the coffee table and starts to doodle on the napkin as he talks to Bruce."Tough shit on you getting in his pants, Stevie."
There's a silence that follows, strung out, long and hesitant as Bucky longs to reach out, say something, snarky or defending or maybe even neural before he snaps his mouth shut with a clack of teeth. Steve can feel those steal blue eyes upon him, analysing him, roaming him before there's a sharp turn on heels, the ruffle of clothes, the shaking of door nobs that end in the slamming of a door, Steve releasing a gulp of air he didn't even know he was holding.
At this point in time, Tony would like to say he wished he did attend for once in his life, because then maybe he wouldn't be waking up from a 2 day comma and be feeling like some sort of groggy zombie who has just been shaken away from a peaceful slumber. His body is stiff and sore, there's an ache in his chest that has never been there and his skin was hot, hard and aching.
"Only half? That's lame. Did you feel that okay? Scale from 1 to 10."Tony ask after poking at an area of flesh that remains as part of Bucky's shoulder with a pen.
"Well that's sweet,"Tony breathes out, seeing his own breath in front of him as he ducks his head to watch him wiggle his converse cladded feet. A small smile tugs at the corner of his lips at the thought, allowing himself to believe even for a little while that Steve actually cares, changing the conversation swiftly.
"I figured it out, Brucie!"Tony had proceeded to shove the StarkTab in Bruce's un-expecting face, the man taking it and scanning its contents, brow creased. "It hit me last night, or the day before, I can't remember but it was like some sort of
"And how long to fit a normal prosthetic?"He asks, looking skeptical at the offer that Tony is giving to him, almost as if lies from years ago is delaying his judgement and Tony wishes it doesn't.
"A friend? Is everyone okay? James? Clint?"She asks worriedly, stopping for a second just to show her worry for her sons friends. Both James and Clint were already getting into somesort of trouble, ending up just as bashed and bruised as her son who looks a bit better than what he did two days ago. The bruising around his face was fading and the stitches slowly but surely healing, the only thing was his broken nose that would heal soon enough.
"That, I guess."Tony shrugs coyly, looking over at the pile of energy bar wrappers and empty bottles protein shakes that Tony had thrown at the over flowing bin. It's by no means nutritional but he's never really been a great eater to begin with, that's not saying he doesn't like food because he does, when he wants it.
Tony falls asleep with his leg draped around Rhodey and a protective arm around his waist, and wakes to the duvets piled up at the left side of the bed in the space that Rhodey once was, a late afternoon sunlight shining through open French doors that lead out onto a balcony that overlooks the magnificent ocean. His body shivers, his shoulders hunch, he huffs into the mattress as a breeze gusts into the room, ticking his skin and disturbing the flimsy curtains that remain.
He's grown up in large crowds, forced to Dinner parties and shoved into Boarding school dorms with other kids that only wanted to get close to him because their parents found out who is father was, and he got use to that. And even now, at an age where he spends his college days stuck in an overpriced club on a guys lap for hours, he's gotten use to that to, but mostly now it's because he's too intoxicated to care.
Steve knows this, because he might be in a constant solemn headspace of brooding and short temperament, but he isn't too oblivious of the fact that Bucky is still parading around with a smug face and a proud attitude. Steve also knows, despite the fact that sometimes he can't even see the nose on the front of his face never mind his surroundings, that he's been the topic of many conversation and the discussion of many planned intervention too, something in which he is an expert at avoiding.
"A free evening, huh. I haven't had one of those in a long while."Tony muses, taking another sip of his coffee. He hasn't had a free evening since...since... Tony isn't exactly sure. It was probably the last time Rhodey was off duty and that had to be over a year ago. He smiles faintly, it had been great to spend time with Rhodey, he doesn't get to see him a lot but when he does, it's like they were never apart.
When Steve struggles for a reply, they finally turn from their place of standing on the chair, mouth falling into an O shape and coffee coloured eyes going wide in realisation that he wasn't talking to hospital staff, but to a patient that equally looks as battered and bruised.
and it's truly something that Bucky hadn't thought his friends would rush to do, especially not Clint. But they do bring out the best in one another and he guesses that's what makes a great relationship, nevertheless a marriage. "Honestly, they're just right for each other. Phil is the calm to Clints storm, he keeps him from
"Oh how I love it when you say my name, always full of affection and adoration."Tony sighs almost dramatically as the door closes behind him as he enters the office, it without blinds and so the same miserable grey clouds that Tony had woken up is in his line of vision once again, just with a different street view.
"16. He's a fucking genius, Buck. You have no idea how incredibly intelligent he is."Steve swoons, cracking eggs into the mixing bowl and throwing the shells into the bin."The last time I was up, I was helping him pack, and he was showing me these blueprints for this new Arc Reactor that he was designing and of course I have no idea what he was talking about when he went into detail but it's so
want people to feel sorry for him that he spends Christmas Day alone, locked in a workshop and AC/DC, he doesn't want that suburban family Christmas with a Christmas tree and present giving, eating food around a table like a
Tony had figured out his sexuality at a young age, something he kept a secret of until he had entered MIT and was finally able to embrace being Pansexual, mingling with woman, sitting on Mens laps and flirting with everyone in between. Tony didn't care - he
"Oh, he is. He thinks that he's the most chill guy in the world, but he isn't. And he's like super overprotective as well, in that type of endearing friendship type of way that does my head in but I wouldn't change it for the world? And I guess, if it wasn't for Rhodey pulling my ass outta situations I'd be dead by now."Tony shrugs, stuffing a handful of crisps into his mouth.
"You've a press conference to go to first, an interview after that and then there's a brief. You've missed a lot since your...absence. Stane wants you caught up to speed and get you straight back to work. The StarkTab production was put on hold, they had to push the new Stark Expo to fall instead of summer and don't even get me started on the military department, Stane has been up to his eyeballs without you."
"None of us are normal."Thor speaks up, licking off the hot chocolate-stache he accidentally gave himself.
, for 10 years you pretended that I had never existed, that Jarvis hadn't existed because you couldn't even come to his fucking funeral. Do you know I was the only one there, do you? I was the only one at his funeral, a great fucking man, and as his friend you couldn't even show up."
"Goodnight, Sarah."Tony turns onto his side so that his back is facing the nurse as he pulls the hospital sheets up his body and squeezes his eyes close, body tensing. Tony waits until he can hear Sarah get up and leave, shutting off the hospital room lights until he allows himself to breath again, opening his eyes to see the glow of the arc reactor light up the room.
"You try sleeping in a house filled with chicks. I fell asleep on the sofa once and woke up with a fucking manicure. My nails were fucking purple for 2 weeks."He grumbles into the pillow, shifting so that even though half of his face was stuffed into the pillow, his body is turned towards where Steve is sitting up on the bed, beside lamp flicked on and Cheeto packets lining the floor.
"I know that I'm below the height of the average male but I think you'd need at least 3 plastic bags to wrap my body in."He isn't that small, a little below the average height but he makes up for lack of height with his overlarge ego. Tony groans, leaning his face into his hands."If you're going to kill me, do it quick, it feels like someone is dancing on my brain and I think I'm going to puke which is not something that Starks do."
"You'll see me again, and anyway, I'm not all that good with goodbyes."Tony admits, offering Sarah the best smile that he can manage at this current time.
"Make me."Clint childishly sticks out his tongue at the red head who gives the blonde in the back seat
"You brush up handsome."Maria is pressing a gentle kiss upon Tony's cheek, her eyes lingering on the blue of the arc rector that can be seen under his shirt. It turns his stomach at the lingering stare, just wanting to curl in on himself or dash up the stairs if it wasn't for Rhodey."And who is this?"
"And please tell me that we aren't going to be playing some noob game, tonight. If I come for a video game night, I expect angry yelling and consoles thrown out of the window."Tony is quickly changing the subject, opening the bag of crisps and leaning against the counter as Steve overcomes his blush and silence.
"Are you not allowed any of this? Cheeseburgers and coffee?"Realisation kicks in the moment Tony shakes his head and laughs, pointing his free hand at his chest, not directly at his chest or the arc reactor.
. Everything around Tony starts to break away, fall apart, an avalanche of his life that is just tumbling towards a stranded Tony at the bottom of the mountain.
"It's called an Arc Reactor, if you're going to talk about it, at least call it by its name."Tony blows out a stream of white smoke, watching it as it disappears off into the clear night sky. It's a cold night and Tony's body shivers with every gust of wind, teeth chattering and lips turning blue but the atmosphere inside of Steve's house was getting too much for Tony to bear, so he escaped outside, where it was quiet and peaceful.
"Sure you don't."Tony slams the Stark Tab down onto the wooden counter top of the receptionist counter, listening to its deafening sound of glass onto wood.
By request, and because Tony Stark is utterly terrified of Pepper Potts, Tony had indeed read the cards word by word and had only added a quip or two when he thought the dialogue was dry and the crowd was even dryer. He had smiled, he had waved, he had posed for photos and signed the sheets, shook hands and nodded his head, was patted on the shoulder, on the back, fingers lingered on his arm, hands squeezing his own as business men and women gushed and spoke energetically because
"Hey Aunt Peggy. I know you're unable to answer the phone right now, you're probably busy, but I just wanted to Wish you a Happy New Years, like I do every New Years, because I guess that's the normal thing to do. And yeah, I don't know, that's it I guess. And I miss you, don't be a stranger. It's Tony by the way, but I guess you knew that already, so um, bye and Happy New Years, again."
"Wanted to see the damage for myself, the work of this Arc Reactor I hear that is now keeping you alive."He takes a step towards he bedroom door, causing Tony to push the door to a closer close.
"And how do you plan on doing that?"Tony asks almost quietly, watching as Steve smiles at him through the camera.
But he doesn't have his way, and despite the fact that he is Howard Starks right hand man, he lays no trust with him. Tony may be well kept out of his fathers business and the company that he is soon to inherit, but he knows that Howard doesn't trust easily and Jarvis is always too keen to warn Tony to keep one eye on Obie at all times, even from a young age.
"Aw shucks, just when I thought you were going to compliment me."Steve rolls his eyes, leaning back into the pillows gently so not to hurt. The painkillers were starting to ware off, the pain in his ribs being too much for Steve to handle.
"Okay, you're right. I don't know you and I'd like to change that."Steve admits as he finally makes his way outside, taking a seat on what is left of the brick wall in Natasha's front garden. Steve can still remember the incident in which caused the broken wall, of how Clint had dared Thor to juggle Natasha's fathers prized bowling balls in which it ended with a broken front wall after dropping them all.
"I am,"Tony all but replies sullenly, coffee coloured brown eyes narrowed in on the doctor that enters further into a room. He was all kind smiles and Hellos, holding a thick file that Tony has no doubts about holds all of his medical records since his birth."Your staff seem to like prodding me with drugs to knock me out, so it is a surprise."
But regardless to this knowledge, the odds of Steve and Tony finding themselves in the same setting, the same company and circle were outrageously afar because Tony was no longer stupid enough to land himself in hospital for tampering with things that didn't belong to him (or well, he wasn't stupid enough to take himself to hospital, that was) and Steve, while remaining bullheaded, did not get into scraps in back alleyways anymore.
"I'm going to come back, Mom."Steve isn't sure if he's reassuring himself or Sarah when he speaks those words, half way between being numb about the whole ideal and being ecstatic about it as well.
"Even better!"Clint is taking a last swing of the beer left in the bottle before setting it on the marble counter, shoving Steve playfully in the shoulder as he passes to get to the front door. "C'mon, man, we need to find a baker who will bake a severed arm cake in under 6 hours!"
"That's us never seeing Clint again."Phil dumps his dufflebag by the couch before falling onto it, stretching out his limbs tiredly. Sleep is the only thing on his mind right now, sleep and coffee if he's being honest but a video game night never concludes with sleep and therefore, he's fucked in that department.
Sarah Rogers would proudly say with confidence that she's proud of how her son turned out, because Steve might not be the smartest cookie or the best child to walk the earth, but he was confident, loyal and had a golden heart. Sarah Rogers sees Steve as the best thing to come out of her rocky marriage, and yes okay, Steve might not be the best and he was no goodie two shoes, but he was
"Stone Inc. is a dead company, you know that, I know that, anyone who follows the media knows that. Spreading a rumour that Tony Stark, son of mass weapons producer Howard Stark, is suffering from Shrapnel poisoning through a faulty bomb isn't going to make you your fathers successor."And it's the cold, harsh truth because everyone who has ever glanced at a business magazine knows that Stone Inc. is having its shares sold off to the highest bidder and Tiberius is getting none of it.
"That's too long, Buck."Steve is looking at Barnes frantically as if the thought of having to be hospitalised repeatedly for a year if going to be a burden to him more so than for Barnes who meets Steve's eyes but not his emotion.
“Dad?” Comes Peter’s voice and both Tony and Natasha glance over at the approaching teen. He appears nervous, but better than the last time Tony saw him. His tears were all dried up, but his eyes were still inflamed and his face blotchy.
“Shit!” Steve glances down and Happy’s curious gaze follows. Steve can’t see it, but he can feel the wet spot growing along the front of his sweats. “My water broke.”
"Tell me again why I'm always the one to talk to our patients?"Tony grumbles as he catches sight of himself in a passing glass, stopping only momentarily on their way to the ER department to fix up his appearance so that he can look slightly more presentable than how he feels. Usually, if Tony is prepared and knows that he's going to make a visit to the Hospital, he follows the uniform code for out of hours doctors, smart but practical and sanitary, especially when he's sometimes working so close with patients in order to get measurements and the right feel for prosthetics.
"Right, sorry."Tony mumbles, swiping over the screen to shut the tablet off, the flight booked and references sent to Rhodeys email for him to print out before he leaves the house."I have everything sorted, sent to your email."
"Excuse me."Clint turns sharply, stopping the trail of teenagers from entering the warm house making everyone walk into the back of one another."Did you just assume that I'm a bottom?"He glares half heartedly at Bruce.
His arms, which have toned over the years of muscle work in the workshop, lifting metals and controlling blowtorches, are scarred and bruised in ways that Tony can't remember, and in ways he remembers very well, too. It's not evident, not from afar, of the inflicting that has stained the olive skin of his arms, back, chest; that cover tender flesh that's been beaten just as much, but whose marks have faded.
"By Force."Tony chuckled dryly, looking everywhere but at Steve. Tony didn't really count a lot of people to be his friend, if anything he had 3 friends that he knows of, those being Pepper, Rhodey and J.A.R.V.I.S - Tony would fight tooth and Nail with anyone who dared to tell him that he couldn't be friends with his AI -."If it wasn't for the avengers, you would've even care to know me."
"I can't promise anything,"Tony gives the nurse a lopsided smile, offering her his hand to Shake and letting out a sound of surprise whenever he's pulled into a gentle hug instead, Sarah weary of the Arc Reactor as she hugs the teenager. Tony allows himself to relax into the hug for a moment, closing his eyes as he sighs in content of just being held.
"That's very sweet of you,"She sighs, shaking her head at the kindness of the teenager that sits on the bed."I will be back in half an hour. I expect all of this food to be gone when I return, medication and all."She gives him a smile before leaving the hospital room, closing the door behind her.
"I was going to say not that great, but we can go with shit."Instead of sitting across from Tony, Steve is swiftly sliding into his side of the booth, suddenly feeling so much bigger than Tony in that moment where the younger teen hunches over a mug of coffee and chews on his bottom lip.
"That's not a good experience for Phil."Bruce smirks, following into the Barnes household with a missing hat and a nursing bruising cheek from the mistake of Thor throwing a ball of ice instead of a ball of snow. His rectangular Glasses were cracked and broken, laying in his pocket."Poor Phils dick."
"Oh! You're just the man I was waiting for actually, I've seemed to have misplaced my Tablet however- no wait, there it is."Tony started brushing papers off of the StarkTab, blowing off Cheeto dust that was stuck to the screen when he was working over a patients chart on his 2 minute coffee break. "I have a million and one things to go over with you. I was thinking I can show you to specs here, maybe the labs, you can meet the team and then we can work on something, something small probably because you usually go back to H on a Wednesday, I'll get a jet to organise it and-"
"This isn't just to do with your lack of sleep."Strange observes, watching as Tony approaches the nurses desk that the doctor was previously leaning against. As much as Stephen liked to keep to himself, it didn't mean he hadn't noticed Tony's odd behaviour a couple of days ago. And that's saying something because to Strange, Tony is usually very odd to begin with.
"Flirting with Bruce is like trying to get blood from a stone. It's painful to look at."Clint perks from his place at the kitchen table, a plate of bacon and eggs in front of him along with coffee and orange juice. Clints mug is black and white, the mug that Tony holds in his hands yellow with white dots.
"I'm sorry about your parents. I wanted to contact you to reach out my condolences but you're a hard to reach man."Bruce's voice had been so sincere and sympathetic and it would've make Tony's heart hurt if it wasn't for the fact that his heart stopped hurting years ago.
"I can't see you! Move your thumb away from the camera!"Steve is shouting over the music to be heard, that stupid grin still on his face that never fails to make Tony feel all warm and tingly on the inside.
There's a sort of roughness to Tony's appearance that makes hospitalised Tony look like a God, in comparison to how he looks. Tired, worn out, broken, scared. His hair is matted down, a bruise that hadn't been there a week ago now formed down the right side of his face, dusted by his cheek bone and curved at his jaw.
This is a time skip chapter, it’s transitioning a period of 10 years of Tony’s life from the moment he leaves M.I.T. until he remeets Steve on the edge of becoming thirty. I really fell in love writing this chapter, I’m so excited of what yet is to come and I hope you enjoy it too.
"No! No, don't- don't come here, don't come to me."The robotic voice is gone, filled back with frantic and worry and fear that's so unlike the cocky, happy go lucky attitude that Tony's voice is usually filled with. It worries Steve, it makes his chest ache and his head hurt."I'll come to you, I'll meet you...somewhere, I'll be 10 minutes."
Sarah is by far the best nurse in the hospital, and most likely the only one that doesn't either hate Tony's guts for being an attention seeking whore or love the teenager just because he has enough money to be showering in it. She's a pretty, smart and independent woman who dotes over Tony, treats him like a son and listens to everything that he tells her with the same amount of enthusiasm and excitement as Tony.
"This kid must be something special because you've been glued to that mobile since I climbed through your window."Bucky points out, prompting himself up onto his elbow to try and take a glance at Steves phone. His eyes widen at the the string of messages that Steve has sent yet receiving none in return."Or maybe you're just obsessed."
"That's- That's pretty far."Steve observes, taking a sip from his tea. He doesn't know why he suddenly feels a little upset, maybe it's because he hoped that Tony lived a little closer than that or at least when to a high school nearby.
"Would you?"Tony gasps, sitting up urgently which tugs at the wires of his heart monitor and the IV drip in his hand. The screw driver - and the extra screws that Tony had taken out of the monitor and then had no idea where to put it - laying on the blanket beside Tony.
"And why would I do that?"Steve scoffs, shaking his head, turning his body away."After making me believe all of the lies that you told me? Coming into my life and making a fool out of me? In front of my friends?"
“N-no...please…” Steve whimpers. There’s a heavy weight on his chest, the pressure growing heavier. “Please...don’t….don’t.”
But then Tony surprises him by curling up close beside him. The scent of him had already been comforting, but it didn’t compare to his natural warmth. It’s foreign in a way to have an alpha this close to him. Usually the alpha’s he was near didn’t care about comfort and security. Only their needs mattered.
Steve gasps suddenly and pulls back, eyes darting down toward his belly. Peter is squirming, pressing his foot roughly against Steve’s side.
“At least you got one good thing out of it. Please don’t hurt him. I know you’re not a terrible person-”
He makes it downstairs just as the jet is landing and the team is stepping out. Tony spots Bucky first, carrying a very wounded Cap on his shoulder. Tony rushes toward them, a look of worry crossing his face when he takes in the bloodied and bruised face of his husband.
They wait until the following morning to tell Peter the truth. Tony is the first one up; he didn’t get any sleep last night, not that he was expecting to after the events of the previous day. He wasn’t sure if he'd ever be able to sleep again. All he could think about was the life they lost and the what ifs.
But he wasn’t ready to be out on the field yet. His papa had told him he needed more training. He would just work hard and keep learning from the examples he had around him. He could never be Captain America. But he could be Spider-Man. And he was going to do whatever it took to become the hero and person his papa would be proud of.
“Why do you have to be so grumpy?” Steve asks once they’re back in the car and away from the swarm of paparazzi. He can already picture the headlines. He wonders if they’re the reason for his husband’s bad attitude.
Before Tony can respond, Jarvis is alerting them about one of the pups. James is standing at the door a few seconds later with tears running down his face.
“All done, Petey. Shh, it’s okay.” Steve picks him up and cuddles him close, all while whispering softly to him.
Tony doesn’t go in for the prize right away, he leans back and takes a moment to admire the omega before him. He runs both hands along the inside of Steve’s thighs, eyes scanning over the perfect body.
“Yeah.” Steve can’t help but frown at the items neatly lined along the shelves. He has to remind himself that the world he lived in now was different. He grew up with very little and his mother had to stretch every penny just for them to get by. Now he was able to provide for his son without having to worry. It’s overwhelming, but at the same time he has the sudden urge to fill the shopping cart with as many items as it can carry.
Happy shushes Peter harshly. “He’s fine. What I mean is…he’s dealing with a lot. He’s been a mess for years, way before you. But now that you’re here…”
I finally got around to updating this one! I wish I could say it's a happy chapter...well maybe at first. Some smut anyone? Anyway...yeah it gets worse for these two. I hope you all enjoy the update anyway!
Steve lets out a small groan when the next contraction comes and he throws his head back against the stiff pillows on the bed. He suddenly wishes he had brought one from home; the ones SHIELD provided weren’t comfortable enough.
“We’re...shut up. Just be thankful that I actually like someone you brought home. Usually they’re sleazy.”
The door to the room opens and Steve snaps his head up, expecting to find the two agents that haven’t left his side since he was rescued. He understood they had an objective to keep him safe, but for the past couple of days, he’s never felt more safe. Just knowing that Pierce and Hydra were no longer a threat eased him.
“Yay!” Peter cheers and throws his arms into the air. “This is going to be the bestest Halloween ever!”
The cycle continues and Steve is once again forced out of bed to care for his son. He doesn’t rush toward the nursery anymore; his steps are slow and unhurried. He knows how this next part works, but he can’t bring himself to go any faster. He just wants to sleep.
Tony heaves out a sigh and walks over to the bed. “Can I sit here?” He asks, and when Peter nods, Tony sits down on the edge.
“I’ll take care of you, Mr. Stark,” Alexander promises. Tony doesn’t see the sinister grin on his face.
His stomach is churning, threatening to show him the breakfast his Uncle Bucky had made him this morning. Peter fights the urge to vomit, but he can’t fight the urge to cry.
Oh Tony...I don’t know what to say. He’s a mess right now. Poor Peter just wants to know him and have a relationship. It’s going to take a lot of work(mostly on Tony’s part) for one to happen.
Bucky sighs and enters the living room, sitting down on the couch and leaning forward to get a view of the picture Peter found more interesting than food. He’s not surprised to find a picture of his best friend and nephew together.
“Do you ever regret it? Not coming back I mean. He told me he called you a couple of times and wrote you a few letters.”
Tony curses again. The base of his cock tingles, his knot forming to lock inside and tie them together.
“Maybe,” Pepper smirks. “You had a meeting today but I canceled it. Don’t get your hopes up. You have one next week that can’t be missed. You should go home and rest.”
Morgan started to realize the changes two months after her brother started training. It seemed like more and more of whatever time their parents had to spare went to him or Harley. It made sense with Harley since he was only 4, soon to be 5, and needed the extra attention. But Morgan was sure she would be getting some of their love too. She was their middle child. That had to count for something.
This wasn’t how breakups were supposed to work. At least, to Steve they weren’t. Being in a relationship was new to him, but even he knew that once it was over, exes were not supposed to be doing what he was doing right now.
I wonder how Steve’s birthday is going to go 😉 I’ll update as soon as I can! I enjoy writing this story and I writing for all of you wonderful people 😊 ❤️❤️❤️
He has to act quickly. Every day the baby was growing stronger, and so was Steve’s love for it. Tony wanted so badly to feel the same thing or even something for the child they created, but all he feels is fear and regret. He wishes they had been more careful. This could have easily been prevented.
“Sorry,” Happy apologizes, but he doesn’t let go. Steve grips his hand tightly when another contraction washes over him. “Squeeze as hard as you like. I can take it.”
Tony doesn’t know what he’s supposed to say so he keeps quiet. He doesn’t want to say that he’s the main reason Steve never had any peace in this life. Perhaps he doesn’t have to. He’s sure Peter knows all about their fallout and the stupid, shitty things Tony did.
“Is that why we’re going to California? Why not call the cops and let them deal with this bad alpha?” Happy asks.
“I’m not leaving you. We’re getting out of here together,” Steve promises. He ignores how pale Tony’s gotten. He wasn't leaving without his mate.
“I try. I do love this kid. I can’t imagine life without him. Guess it’s a good thing you got pregnant, huh?”
“I’m falling apart, Sam. Every day he’s on my mind. I want to go back to that night and change it. It’s my fault he’s dead.”
“My turn,” Tony says, pushing his way through and pecks Steve on the lips. “Sorry we’re late for lunch. Someone wasn’t fast enough.”
Happy nods his head and Morgan is placed in his outstretched arms. “She’s beautiful. Her name’s Morgan, right?”
Talking with Steve was something Tony had anticipated for later, but of course he wasn’t that lucky. Steve had insisted he walk Tony back to his penthouse. His reason was to say goodbye to Peter, but Tony knew there was more to it.
The alpha only smirks and steps closer to his leader, his gun still aimed in case Steve disobeyed. It’s purposely aimed at the baby.
Tony’s stomach twists uncomfortably and he has to bite back the urge to vomit. Being back at the compound doesn’t bring him any joy or excitement. He’s nervous and scared about reuniting with his old teammates.
“I got them. Pepper had to forward them here. Which by the way, I’m sorry you had to come out here,” Tony says.
“Petey,” Steve says, the nickname capturing his son’s attention. Peter smiles, showing off the couple of teeth that have come in. It never fails to put a smile on Steve’s face.
He gasps when something pops and his pants grow wet. He can’t look at his lap, but he was sure if he could, he’d find an embarrassingly large stain along the front.
He forces anything related to Tony out of his thoughts. It’s a lot harder to do considering the connection he has to Tony is currently growing in his belly, but he does his best. He shifts his focus to his unborn child and the preparations that needed to be made.
“Hurry up. You have two minutes,” Flash says. He glances nervously over his shoulder every few seconds, almost as if he’s expecting someone to be eavesdropping on their conversation.
Harley still enjoyed following Tony to the lab and helping with projects. James wasn’t interested in robots or any of the things Tony would build. He was content playing in the room or reading by himself. His reading was getting better, but he enjoyed looking at the pictures more than anything else.
“I want to show you something,” Tony says. He doesn’t slip his arm from around Peter’s shoulder while he asks his AI to pull up a video.
The alpha above him picks up the pace of his hips and drops his head down to Steve’s neck, licking a stripe along the sensitive flesh. His teeth graze over the bond mark and Steve growls in warning. The alpha only chuckles darkly.
“Not always. It’s okay, Steve. It still felt good for me. Watching you enjoy youself...it was so good. How did it feel?”
“I have an idea,” Tony says, pulling away and ignoring the huff of annoyance Steve makes. Tony rolls over onto his side, lying next to Steve.
“I don’t think we’re ever having alone time again,” Tony jokes, and he reaches out to scratch Dodger’s ear. Dodger barks happily and licks along Tony’s hand; Tony doesn’t pull away this time.
It was something he had wanted at one point. A family; stability; the simple life. He should be excited about the life he was carrying. But it was difficult to find joy in the situation when the father wasn’t present.
Peter quickly gobbles down a piece of toast and grabs a banana on his wait out, shouting his goodbyes to his papa before shutting the door behind him. Happy is already waiting for him outside.
Steve glances at him for a second before turning away and casting his gaze down. Tony blows out a breath. He was making things worse. He just knew it.
A banner of their son’s name was displayed and beneath that a table was set up with an array of foods. A large three tier cake is in the center of the table with each layer decorated with Steve’s shield, Tony’s arc reactor, and the Avengers logo.
“It was like that night all over again. I had already lost him and...seeing you fall...I’ve never felt so helpless.”
Steve takes a deep breath before answering, “I’m not who you think I am. I’m not even from this time. In 1943 I became an experiment.”
Once the room is ready for tomorrow’s meeting, Steve and Sam are able to catch their breath and chat for a moment before Steve was to leave. Sam always stayed longer than he needed to, liking to be prepared for his next group. Steve often wondered if the alpha just preferred staying late than going home to an empty house. It must get lonely.
Steve huffs and throws his head back against the pillows. Bruce steps out again to give them more privacy.
There was never really a time when Morgan didn’t like her family. She loved them more than anything. They had their moments like all families do. They were far from perfect and some days their imperfections showed, but she loved them nonetheless. Family was important. It was what she was taught.
Tony makes sure his husband is comfortable before leaving to check on their son and call Steve’s doctor. He doesn’t make it very far and he stops outside the room, leaning against the closed door and letting the back of his head hit it with a soft thud. His eyes burn from the tears he’s been trying to hold back.
It was like someone knew what he needed. He tries to comprehend the situation, a part of his brain still functioning despite the rest of it consumed by the idea of taking the omega in front of him. None of this makes sense. Why was he here? Who did this to him? He had more questions just like those that needed answers.
“I’m saying if you want to see him then that’s your decision. Steve never wanted Tony kept from you. I’m sorry if I’ve been a little overbearing-”
“You can talk to me about anything. You know that, right. Your dad and I are here for you no matter what.”
Peter passes out during the second movie. Tony glances over at his son to find him curled up on the sofa and snoring softly. He looked so small and fragile. Maybe because in a way he was. He had one of the worst things happen to him. It was painful to lose anyone, but the loss of a parent, especially one as special as Steve, was excruciating.
Steve lets out a soft sigh and reaches out to place a hand over Tony’s shoulder, only to retract it and pretend he was interested in the instructions that came with the crib. It’s tempting to comfort Tony the way he used to, but that was the past. They weren’t together like that anymore.
The tears burst free, rolling down Peter’s face. “Please?” He begs, unsure if the begging is for this to end or for his papa to not leave him again.
Steve nods and scrubs a hand along his face, doing his best to stifle a yawn that tries to escape, and failing miserably. Natasha chuckles again.
Bruce nods in understanding. He appeared tired himself and Steve suddenly has the urge to ask him to stay. It wasn’t like Tony didn’t have a room to spare.
Steve wishes it could be that simple. He had no idea what they were up against. He’s practically seen it all over the years, but that didn’t give him the confidence he desperately needed. Something this time around didn’t feel right.
“Uh oh. Someone’s grumpy this morning,” Tony teases and he directs his attention back on the email he’s supposed to be writing.
The next contraction washes over him, the intensity of it forcing Steve to double over. He holds onto Tony tightly, burying his face into his alpha’s neck and inhaling the familiar scent. He groans against Tony’s neck when the contraction worsens.
“Yeah.” There was no point in denying it. Steve had turned his life upside down, and in the best way possible. “If I could go home now I would.”
He knew Steve had been abused, but seeing it firsthand wasn’t the same as hearing about it. It was a thousand times worse. Tony was sure he’d never get the painful sounds of Steve’s screams or the sight of him being forced against his will out of his head. It would plague Tony for the rest of his life. It would become his worst nightmare.
Steve doesn’t want to wake him and he hates the sound Peter makes when he does. He gets a few good burps out of him before putting Peter back to bed.
It’s early in the morning when Tony is woken up, and with a grumble he rolls over, expecting to find the person he’s lied next to for years, only to be met with cold sheets. Tony’s eyes shoot open and he sits up, frowning when it dawns on him that Steve wasn’t in bed with him.
“Soon,” Tony finally supplies an answer. It’s not one he’s thrilled about giving, wishing he could make soon happen now. It was obvious Steve was hurting.
Sleep doesn’t come like he had hoped. His mind is swimming with thoughts of Tony and there’s the sudden urge to reach out to him. He’s not sure what good that would do. Clearly Tony didn’t want to talk to him. He wouldn’t be so distant if he did.
“Do you want me to stay again?” Tony asks. He’s hoping Steve would allow him to stay over one more night, but he doesn’t want to overstay his welcome.
“Hey,” Tony says and Steve tears his gaze away from Morgan to lock with Tony’s. “You can do this. I know it’s not going to happen overnight, but you’ll find yourself again. I’ll be here every step of the way.”
“Da?” Peter points at the front door and Steve turns, expecting to find his fiancé. But Tony’s not home yet.
At the sound of his name, the alpha is snapped from his thoughts and he blinks a few times, completely forgetting that he had failed to reply to Steve the first time.
Bruce frowns and his eyes roam around the space. He sighs. “You don’t have an ultrasound machine. How am I supposed to check the fetus?”
“We’ll figure it out,” Steve decides. He glances down at where they’re standing and then back up, surveying the land that could be theirs. “So a kitchen, huh?”
“Hey,” Tony’s soothing voice has Steve peering up from his lap and meeting the dark eyes he couldn’t get enough of. “Steve, it’s not your fault. What he did...that wasn’t your fault. Okay? You did nothing wrong.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sam says softly. “I blamed myself too, but it’s no one’s fault. Look, I wish I knew why it happened and why it had to be Steve, but to be honest I don’t know. I’m so sorry.”
It was obvious by the look on Steve’s face that he wasn’t pleased with Tony. The meeting regarding the issues in Hong Kong wasn’t something Tony could get out of-Pepper wouldn’t allow it even if he begged her. He was thankful he didn’t have to travel to the tower; a virtual meeting would suffice until Tony could find the proper time to pop in for a visit. But Steve still refused to wipe that frown off his face.
“I promised!” Steve’s voice raises slightly. He’s quick to realize what he’s done and his head whips in Morgan’s direction when she lets out a small whimper. He doesn’t try to comfort her.
Steve whines, the sound pitiful. It must be amusing to the alpha’s ears because he chuckles again and presses the tip of his finger against the sensitive ring of muscle.
Tony can only nod. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to say. He doesn’t even know if he’ll have the right words.
The way Tony lives is exactly how Steve pictured a man with wealth could live. Each room was furnished with high quality products and designed with an elaborate taste. Steve can’t help but find it overwhelming. But then again, this was something he wasn’t used to. He grew up in a small one bedroom apartment in Brooklyn, barely scraping by and counting on every penny. Tony was clearly born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
When he gets to the medical wing, he finds Natasha outside of Steve’s private room, her green eyes bright and full of tears. He doesn’t even need to ask what’s happened.
“Morning,” Steve greets, frowning slightly when Tony grumbles his version of phrase. “Didn’t sleep?”
Steve’s face lights up. The smile that appears is one of the brightest, most vibrant smiles Tony has ever witnessed on his husband.
With a huff Steve rolls over onto his back and his eyes land on the ceiling above him. He keeps his ears perked and on high alert, expecting for Peter’s cries to come through the baby monitor or a warning from Jarvis. But the only thing Steve can hear is silence.
His hand is squeezed and Peter stares at his father again, another sob ripping free. The once sparkling eyes were losing their shine. Peter’s just thankful he gets to stare into them again, but he’s not ready to say goodbye yet.
It takes him longer than usual, but Tony has Jarvis up and running. He would’ve had his trusty AI up sooner, but with caring for the pups and trying to adjust to his new life as a father, somethings were unfortunately placed on the back burner. Tony just hates that it’s Jarvis being pushed to the side.
Steve is up and at Tony’s side the second Tony freaks out. He tries to keep the amusement hidden, but he can’t help but crack a smile at his boyfriend’s reaction to their new dog licking him.
Sarah wakes up, her cries blending in with Steve’s screams of terror. Tony scoops her up and moves her closer to his side of the bed while he attends to his mate.
“Are you okay?” Tony asks, gently running a hand on the inside of Steve’s thigh. The omega lifts his head, nodding in response to the question. “Let me know if we need to stop.”
“Whoa!” Peter can’t help but grow excited when he steps into one room and finds it full of weapons. He takes a step into the room to investigate, only to retreat and hide up on the ceiling when heavy footsteps and voices fill his ears.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Steve winces, a small groan escaping him and he wraps one arm around himself. “It hurts.”
“What the hell is she doing?” Sam frowns and tries to move the cat away, only to yank his hand back when she hisses at him. “Evil cat. Go away.”
Peter yawns and stretches again. Tony smiles and adjusts the blanket he’s wrapped in, making sure his son is comfortable for the long night ahead.
Tony frowns, wracking his brain for the words Steve regrets saying. He comes back empty handed. “Wait. What did you say that-”
Peter stares up at him, dark eyes roaming over the familiar face. Tony brings him closer again to let the pup scent him.
He’s not sure what he’s even supposed to grab. The bedroom he’s currently residing in can only hold so much, and a part of him isn’t comfortable taking full control of the space yet. It was supposed to belong to a future family member.
He’s not too surprised to find one of them knocking at his door. It’s a little late, but they’ve showed up like this before. Of course that had been during one of his late night cravings. He can’t help but smile now that he gets to tell them that about the name he’s finally picked out.
“All of us?” Natasha asks and Peter nods. She takes a moment to think it over. “Maybe a couple of times. It wasn’t until he had you did he try to make it a yearly thing. I think there’s pictures of you dressed as Winnie the Pooh when you were a year old.”
Steve glances around the familiar space before gingerly lowering himself down on Tony’s sofa. With one of them calming down, Tony works on getting the other to do the same.
“I’m not an easy person to get along with either. Not all of this is your fault. I want to make this work, Tony, and not just because of our son. He shouldn’t be the only reason why we get back together. In the long run it won’t be good for anyone.”
Steve slowly turns his head in Tony’s direction and his eyes flutter open. Tony smiles; he thought he’d never look into those eyes again.
The penthouse isn’t accommodated for the six of them. Peter’s nursery wasn’t completed, forcing Tony to send Pepper and Happy out on a little shopping spree. More was going to be needed to make sure all the pups had what they needed, but Tony was still set on moving his little pack somewhere more spacious. But until then, they gather a few things for the time being and try to make the best of it.
He’s the reason why they can’t go out anymore; why they don’t get intimate; why they fight. He was the reason for all of the negativity. If he could just stop beating himself up over every little thing then maybe they could go on more dates. If he would stop hating his appearance then maybe they’d kiss more and have sex. If he would stop getting angry and losing control then maybe they wouldn’t fight anymore.
Tony lies back and spreads his legs, breath hitching when Steve pops the lid of the lube open and coats his fingers generously. He traces a wet finger around Tony’s presented hole, teasing the area for a moment before slipping it inside. Tony groans and his head tips back against the pillow. Steve keeps going, adding another finger and stretching the tight hole until he deems it ready.
Steve doesn’t know if she really does. He didn’t know much about her but he knew that she didn’t have any pups of her own. Or maybe she did. Maybe she had her own children to take care of and help run Tony’s company. It would be a lot but she seemed like the type to do it, omega or not. This was a new world and here omega’s could be anything. She was proof of that.
The space falls silent when three figures step into the jet; Peter recognizes them immediately, his face lighting up at the sight of his family. But then he notices the lifeless form of his papa, his heart sinking.
The door is locked and Tony lets out a sigh. He knocks on the door once. “Peter, open up. Come on, kiddo, let me in.”
Peter nods and glances down at his lap. He hears footsteps, then the door is opening and then shutting.
Sam places his hands over Peter’s eyes and leads him a few steps until they’re stopping and he’s removing his hands. Peter gasps at the suit made just for him.
“I f-failed,” Steve sobs, his fingers clinging to Tony’s shirt tightly. “They took her from me. They took all of them.”
The way he says it has Tony jumping up from the couch and rushing to follow Steve back to the bedroom. Dodger must think they’re playing some kind of game because he follows, wagging his tail excitedly.
“I think I preferred the tower,” Bruce says as he sets up. He’s already instructed Steve to lie back on the steel table that’s temporarily serving as the exam bed. He’s brought a bag of his own equipment and he rummages through it in search of his gloves.
“You have to go, Tony. I know it’s difficult because Steve isn’t there, but a part of him is and that part needs you right now more than ever.”
He works quickly to search the bodies for anything useful. He finds a knife on one and a security badge on another.
Steve stares the alpha down, refusing to give in when he had made it this far. But then a tiny whimper fills his ears and his eyes dart down to the bundle held securely in Tony’s arms. Steve whines in response and the blade slips from his fingers.
Steve sits down at the kitchen table, sipping the coffee he served himself and reading through the paper. Tony would always joke about him reading the paper when the news was available for Steve to read off the internet. Steve liked the internet and found it helpful, but there was something nostalgic about reading from the paper.
“This isn’t my…I’ve had a pup before.” Steve glances down at the floor, knowing if he wasn’t almost 8 months pregnant that he would be staring down at his feet right now.
“So where is Steve?” Tony decides to ask, though a part of him regrets bringing Steve up. Natasha will only ask more questions Tony doesn’t want to answer.
He allows Steve to schedule the first appointment and get a glimpse of the baby before he takes it all away. He feels he at least owes Steve that much.
The memorial is littered flowers, pictures, and candles. Peter suddenly wishes he had brought something and he makes a mental note to bring something when he visits tomorrow. He already knows he’ll be at this place more than anywhere else.
Their latest argument was still fresh in his mind. He had Tony’s words on repeat most of the night; they kept him awake. It was his decision to go out for a run to help clear his mind, but for the first time, it did the complete opposite.
Peter was only a couple of weeks old and still had a ways to go before he did anything other than sleep and poop, but Tony still managed to get excited over every little thing his son did.
Natasha’s eyes fill with tears and she shakes her head at his command. A hand is reaching out, fingers wrapping around her wrist and she glances up, meeting soft, blue eyes.
But almost. He still had a home back at the compound. It had been the only home he’d ever known. His family was there. Maybe he could have two homes.
The beta and Steve stare each other down, waiting for the other to make a move. The beta moves first, and that’s when Steve attacks. He grabs the hand that's holding the syringe, twisting it roughly and the man cries out. Steve takes the syringe in one hand and with the other, he spins the beta around so he’s forcing the alphas and tightly wraps his arm around the beta’s neck, ignoring the gasping and struggling.
Tony is offered a drink by a young beta man in the black and white tuxedo. Tony takes a sip, impressed that they knew his poison of choice. He starts to relax.
“You wanna talk about it?” Natasha asks while they strap themselves in their seats and prepare for take off.
Steve grabs his shield on the way out of his apartment, securing it over his shoulders. He meets the team outside; they’re already loading into the jet. Tony isn’t with him, not that Steve expected him to be. He was in the city with Pepper again.
I’ll have the next chapter up as soon as I can. Maybe it can be a time skip or something, I don’t know. 🤷♀️
Tony peers up at Steve, eyes transfixed on the pleasured look etched on Steve’s face. He wants to make this feel good for him, to make up for almost forgetting about the big holiday.
All eyes are on Tony now. Everyone else had asked that same question before Natasha had arrived, but Tony didn’t have the answer then. He doesn’t have it now.
“This is-this is crazy. Whatever the fuck you’re saying is crazy! What do I have to do with any of this? Who are you really? What the hell is going on?”
“I like Benjamin,” Steve says, making sure his voice shows no hint of his irritation. “I just think we need a middle name for him. Can we do that?”
Steve huffs and takes the sunglasses off, slipping them over the front of his shirt. “I just...what if someone sees us?”
“There’s nothing to be scared about. Having a baby is supposed to be a good experience. Well, not this part, but it’s worth it at the end.”
“Maybe you should babysit,” Tony suggests, and he takes a sip from the mug, a content sigh leaving his lips from the comforting taste. “You always get her like this.”
His friends try to assure him that he didn’t need Tony, and maybe that was true. Why should he continue to waste his time on someone who couldn’t even spare a moment of theirs? It hurt and would probably ache for some time, but enough was enough.
Steve can’t tear his eyes away from the baby in Tony’s arms. The baby that he didn’t know about until now. The baby that refused to make any sound since it entered the world. At that realization, Steve’s blood grows cold with fear. Why wasn’t the baby crying?
Steve smiles and welcomes his son with open arms. He scoops Harley up and kisses his head. “Hi, sweetheart. Where’s daddy?”
“I can assure you everything is fine. Mr. Stark is waiting for you outside. Just follow the lights.”
“Surprisingly not so much. I guess I’ve...learned to accept those bad days. They’re a part of me so…”
“I know how you can cope with this,” Tony says, pulling away and keeping his hands over Peter’s shoulders. “You said you were struggling and I think I know what to do.”
Steve storms out of the lab. Tony watches as he goes, cursing to himself for upsetting now two of his family members. He returns back to his work, needing to think and process the situation.
“No. I saw how you were with him. You’re wonderful, Tony. I wish you could see that you’re not like your father.”
Steve keeps himself distracted and calm the only way he knows how: sketching. He sits quietly with his sketchbook, hoping the activity would ease his worried mind. But the sketch he’s working on only reminds him of home and the person he’s left behind.
She’s currently waiting, standing opposite his desk with her arms folded. Talking to Pepper was easy, but talking to her about this...about something even he didn’t understand was difficult.
Unlucky enough, he didn't sleep as long as he hoped he would last night, waking up sometime between 1 in the morning and 2 and started to fiddle with every bit of equipment in his hospital room, including touching up the television so that it broadcasted British television and to the heart monitor so that it would just shut the fuck up.
was painful to look at."Tony's whole body is relaxed, tongue sharp and eyes playful, so many mixed signals that someone could go with.
Because Tony never really grew out of that habit of falling asleep in the workshop, finding his head rested on big yellow files marked
"Yes, how bad of me for getting blown up just before Christmas, I should've thought about Howard's Company first! How would the media handle such news that Stark Industries are selling dodgy missiles!"Tony throws his arms up into the air, moving past his Mom so he can make his way up the stairs."Nothing ever fucking changes, does it?"
up to Tony, he will never marry because to marry it means to tolerate someone and furthermore, it means for them to tolerate one back. Tony likes his sense of freedom, even if freedom is far from the word of what he actually is, with Obie looming over his shoulder, managing all of his affairs and disposing of the ones that seem to cause trouble when Tony sticks his dick in the wrong princess to be or snorts cocaine off of a senator who doesn't want to be wangle with Tony Stark; Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
"Just looking out for a friend."and despite the smile that graces Steve's beautiful face, Tony can't help but he let his flatters just slightly.
But he was also secretive. Tony himself was a very reserved person because sure, his life was a favourite for the tabloids to follow, to write about, to photograph, to smear his name and spread rumours of what Tony likes stuck up his butt by strange men, but he himself could be very reserved. Tony didn't trust people. Tony didn't like a lot of people and the people he did, could be counted on his right hand alone.
"I did,"Steve says."C-can I sit down?"He asks hesitantly, motioning towards the chair that is sitting beside Tony's bed, covered in pieces of blue paper. Tony nods his head with a little sound, watching behind the glass of his glasses as Steve gently picks up the blue prints, neatly shuffles them before setting them on the table in front of Tony's photo frames.
to me."He scolds, watching how Clint glares at him from where he fell backwards onto the sofa, his legs draped over the arm and a hand cradling his left hearing aid, ready to pull it out and prove a ridiculous point. He stops in his actions, watching Steve with a scowl."We are not 'conspiring' against you or being discriminatory and for the record, blind people need dogs so that they can do things that they cannot because of their lack of vision, they are not pets. I'm honestly not even sure how you ended up to that point, to be honest."
"Of course not, that's why takeaway was invented babe."Tony is pushing the menu into Rhodeys hands as he passes, heading towards his bedroom for the phone that he has stuffed down the side of his mattress to keep himself from constantly looking at his phone."Pick something and then tell them I'll have my usual."
, but that's just a part of who I am, and so fucking what if I am, huh? How is that going to stop me from having a dog? Blind people can have dogs and they can't even see them! Wait- is Phil trying to say that blind people are more responsible to look after dogs than me? Is he discriminating against me? Steve, is Phil discriminating against me because I'm deaf?!"
"I'm not that kind of doctor either, Tony."Bruce pushes his glasses up onto his forehead as he rubs at the bridge of his nose tiredly. Talking to Tony is never straight forward, Bruce has learned that the hard way.
It made Tony seem snobby, like he was too good for even the most simplest of things like shopping for food, he was just speaking the gods honest truth. Howard was a paranoid and power hungry man that, even years after the war and Captain America plummeting into the ice, He wouldn't allow Maria to leave the grounds, never mind food shopping. Tony has learned the ways to just deal with his life, how he always had someone to wait on him hand and foot or someone to wipe his ass for him after using the toilet.
. And you're the one buying him cheeseburgers!"Bucky laughs, hysteric and loud, shaking his head, neck arched back with the laugh."Jesus Christ, I knew there was something up with him but this, this is fucking gold. The kid is a train wreck, a fucking rich train wreck, so doesn't seem to be able to keep it in his pants from what I'm seeing."He snorts.
Okay honestly; they don't exactly say how old any of Buckys sisters are, I know that they are all younger than he is, and there's only one official name (from the comics) which is Rebecca (which will be around age 11). I'm going to follow the R theme and have Rachel (at age 6) and Rose (age 3).
And it had felt so good to be talking to someone who thought the same way as you did. It had felt even better to be able to talk about inventions, ideas, plans, dreams that you never thought you'd be able to do and for Bruce to tell you how you could do it. He made everything that Tony thought was impossible,
. And Tony likes it, and that's okay too because he's not attached, not to Strange, not to anyone and so it's okay. Tony can speak, Tony can smile, Tony can laugh, Tony can flirt and he sure as hell can accept this request, this
There's a hand that catches his own, and Tony freezes, he nearly flinches, but the hand is large and warm and
"Ah yes, I'll make sure to tell my kidnappers not to kidnap me next time, Pepper, don't worry. Maybe they'll listen if I add on a please or a
People talked, and most of the time when people did talk it wasn't a good thing, especially if Tony was involved. As much as he and Steve feud - and God was it a lot, and even over the most stupidest and tiniest of things - he didn't want the press to talk shit shout the guy, because as much as Tony hated to admit it, Steve was a wonderful guy, with a heart of gold.
And Obie is never a pretty face to see in the morning, nor is he a pretty presence to have in his apartment, his building, his
"Tony, of course I have your best interests at heart."And Tony would almost believe him if it wasn't for the access information of his background, with the way that his head is titled almost sympathetically or his brow creases in concern, an action that Tony use to take to heart.
"Look, I'll pay for your flight, just don't let me go to this dinner alone."Tony near enough begs, kicking his suitcase under his bed, shifting the boxes that have a home underneath his bed that Tony doesn't trust to be put into storage. He'd rather have his old blueprints and little gadgets under his bed where he knows that they are instead of some Stark Industries storage unit where he's sure Howard and Obi will steal his ideas.
"A mouth like mine gets dick, Mr.Stane."Tony deadpans, looking away from the man as he scuffs the toe of his shoe into the gravel."You would know all about that, wouldn't you?"Tony raises a perfectly plucked eyebrow at the man who stands before him, blowing cigar smoke into his face in a way that Tony would usually punch a guy in the gut for."Howard wouldn't like his business partner touching up his only heir."
Tony seems to have Thor’s attention wrapped around his finger and it’s not only Thor, but Bruce, Clint and Thor too. Not that it’s a bad thing, per say, because Steve would rather have him making new friends with his friends than have him huddled in a corner like a scared spider, but as much as his actions, his words, seem smooth, some of it sounds rehearsed too.
"The milkshakes spilt all over my bag."Steve grimaces, pulling out his hand and shamelessly wiping his hand over the front of his backpack.
James ( which by the way, Tony already knows a James and doesn't need to know another one but whatever ) had been less comforting, more in the sense that he had been sulking in a corner for a good part of an hour before Tony had noticed him. James looked like the kind of kid that would've hissed at you in elementary school but is now hot and emo in his teen years.
"I mean, I was, but I would've answered if you had called me."And it's Tony's lame excuse of trying to admit how much that he has missed the sound of Steve's soft soft voice, or how he's missed every breath, every laugh, every sigh that Steve has made in how own special, unique way and it's like a craving, an itch under Tony's skin just to hear Steve and it's unbelievable of how Steve has been able to corrupt Tony in such a way.
Time seems to fly in, with the two of them changing in the bedroom and bathroom before Tony is being dragged away for make up and returning only when the make up artist that his Mother hired has done her best to cover up the healing scars that are inflicting his face. Sulkily, Tony obliges to having his hair styled, taming the unruly nest of curls that he's been blessed with but yet his mother hates that he has.
Safe to say, Natasha doesn't have the best of cars in the world, but then again, it's the only car that anybody has for transport so it's good enough to get about in, just not good enough to do any drag races against the shit heads in the upper posh school on the otherside of town. The Mortal enemies of BHHS. Nobody really knows how the mortal rivalry between the schools started, but it was material and flaming.
"Your mum is so pissed off,"Bucky mumbles, not even looking up at Steve. He's curled under the sheets and has been since 3 in the afternoon, only moving to pee or to raid the Rogers fridge. Bucky is a handsome teen, with longing black hair that Steve almost begs for his best friend to cut and amazing steel blue eyes that seem to have every shade of blue and grey that is possible. At over 6 feet tall, Bucky is both someone to fear but yet the biggest softy with a passion for baking.
Bucky takes the card hesitantly and Tony is reminded about that time he had offered a once longing haired teenager a cigarette, shaking the packet until they had complied and taken one, sitting down beside them on the damp wood of Steve's front porch that cold January night in Brooklyn. He flicks the card over, stares at the Two-named law firm inked in black before putting it in his own pocket.
Ever since he woke up in a new world, there had been a lot of events and things he had missed. Movies had been a big one. There were so many films that were created during his time in the ice that he had missed out on. He’s slowly been introduced to them; movie nights with the team and Tony helped, but there were still a few missing from his list of things to watch.
Tony’s absence is unusual. He never arrives late anymore. How could he when he was married to the most punctual man on the planet? Before Steve, Tony was always running behind for briefings, but since they got together, Steve was making sure Tony’s tardiness became a thing of the past.
Awww you guys this is the last chapter. I had a lot of fun with this story. You know I can't say no to pregnant Steve and all their adorable kiddos. I hope you all enjoyed this one and I just want to say that I love all of the support that you guys gave me. I really do have the best readers :)
Tony winces and sneaks a peek in Steve’s direction, not surprised to find his mate frowning at him. He mouths ‘sorry’ in hopes that would be enough. Steve smiles and shakes his head.
“I’m fine,” Steve argues. It’s a lie. He’s exhausted, his body drained from the labor and delivery. He doesn’t feel anymore pain, though that could be from the shock he’s still in. “I need to be here for him. I promised.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony apologizes for what feels like the hundredth time. And that was just since this morning. He had to be at SI for the meeting in an hour and if he was even a minute late Pepper would have his head. Steve doesn’t appear as upset as he did on the day Tony first broke the news, but it was clear that he was still annoyed. “I’ll be back later,” Tony assures as he straightens his tie. He sneaks a glance in the mirror, meeting Steve’s eyes.
The smirk on Flash’s face means trouble and Peter is not in the mood to get his head dunked in the toilet or whatever it is that Flash has planned for him.
“The press,” is all Tony has to say. Steve whines softly and hugs his oldest child close. The change of his scent only worsens, the sour smell wafting through the space around them. “It’s okay,” Tony assures and takes his mate’s hand. “We'll be okay.”
“I never said you weren’t. But…” Steve carefully takes the mug from Tony’s hands, ignoring the death glare he receives in response. “Maybe cut back on this. It’s just for a few months.”
They barely make it up the first couple of stairs before Steve is gasping and one hand flies to his belly. Sam whips around, worry etched on his face.
“I guess I don’t see how. I’m-” He doesn’t dare finish that thought. She probably wouldn’t be able to handle the truth, even if he tried to tweak it. “I don’t really fit in,” he eventually says, and it’s true. He doesn’t fit in this new world. He doesn’t know how to be an omega here. He doesn’t know how to be himself.
Peter is in the kitchen when they get downstairs, chugging down a bottle of water like his life depended on it.
Tony assists by leading his cock to Steve’s hole and pressing against the rim. Steve whimpers and shuts his eyes when he’s penetrated. His mouth falls open and his eyes squeeze shut even tighter when Tony fills him up. He whimpers again and splays his palms over Tony’s chest to steady himself.
Steve grimaces down at his barely touched beverage for a moment, then does as he’s told and takes another drink. He eventually finishes it and Tony takes the empty mug to the kitchen and places it in the sink. He glances back toward the living room, finding his husband curled up on the sofa and clutching his stomach.
“Just a dream?” Steve echos and Tony nods his head. “It felt so real. I’m sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean it.”
“I’m not silently judging you. I’m going to make sure you hear it. Tony, you can’t just bring a stranger here and into your home-oh my God you two...you slept with him didn’t you!”
“What? No, Pete, no. It’s not your fault okay? Your dad and I are just…” Steve trails off with a sigh. “Don’t worry about it. I just want you to focus on yourself and the baby.”
“Why do you need so much food?” Happy questions and he takes out the white takeout boxes. “Were the pancakes not good enough?”
“There ya go, punk. I’m not so bad. And you’re not so bad yourself. Even if you do smell pretty bad.”
He sets Peter back down in the bassinet, wincing at the piercing cry his son emits. He quickly steps in to calm him, speaking to him soothingly and promising to make everything better. Peter isn’t having any of it, his cries growing louder the longer he’s deprived of food. Tony doesn’t waste anymore time and rushes out of the room to get a bottle ready.
The baby weight was slowly being shed; every chance he got he was working on his physique. It was difficult on some days to hit the gym or go for a run when he was caring for a newborn, but little by little he was getting his body back.
The pups are huddled together on the medical bed with Steve in the center. He has Sarah cradled in his arms and James and Harley beside him. James is snarling at the unwanted presence of the SHIELD physician. Tony waits outside of the room, not sure if his own scent would only upset the pups even more.
Nathanial was the next option, which was Natasha's idea. Steve considered it until Clint stole it to name his unborn son. That was fine. Natasha was his friend first.
“You’re hilarious.” Tony rolls his eyes and turns to leave. He calls over his shoulder, “you’re just jealous because I’d make a cool dad.”
Tony scolds himself. He keeps his eyes on the screen, studying the little human he and Steve made out of love.
Tony winces. “I played him a voicemail that Steve had left. I swear it was only to...I guess reminisce isn’t the right word. God knows I don’t want to remember the voicemail.”
Tony sighs and moves across his lab toward his workbench. “I don’t know. The world didn’t really need me anymore.”
That wasn’t him anymore. He was stronger now. But his size was intimidating to most alphas. If it weren’t for his sweet scent, anyone would assume he was an alpha. He wishes now that he had been born one.
"To see Momma Rhodes, I know, I know. Just until I fall asleep."Tony has a leg thrown over Rhodey, shuffling into his personal space until his cheek rests upon Rhodey shoulder and the mans arm is draped around him, pulling him towards his body in that protective sort of way that Tony loves to be held.
"Oh, I am."Tony flicks a finger, spinning his hologram projection screens until the one he's looking for meets his eye, pushing it forward to the webcam and expanding it so that Bruce can take a good look at it. The physicist looks over it for a couple of seconds, narrowing his eyes before addressing Tony again.
Tony still done stupid things like he had when he was 17 and newly thrusted into the party scene in tight jeans and a flimsy fabric top, looking to rebel from his father and embarrass his mother. He still done stupid things, in order to feel nothing at all but that numb buzz you get when you fall into the bliss of alcohol or of your favourite drug, but instead it was to spite Obie because Tony never did learn, and he doesn't expect to start now.
"Good morning Sir, it is currently 7:41 in the morning. It is currently 78 degrees and raining. You have 357 emails awaiting your attention, 32 missed calls and 5 voicemails in your inbox. You have a meeting at S.I with the Board at 2 this afternoon and Ms. Potts is very eager with reminding you of the charity banquet dinner you are scheduled to attend this evening."
"You look like shit."Rhodey deadpans in true James Rhodes fashion and it's familiar, comforting  and it doesn't make Tony feel as if he's hit rock bottom,
Walking into the kitchen together, Bucky sluggishly hops onto the kitchen counter, rubbing at his eyes grumpily as Steve moves around the kitchen in search for ingredients to make French toast. It wasn't as much of an odd request as you would expect, more times than enough was Steve making different foods at odd times in the morning for his best friends, especially seeing as he was one of the only who could cook.
"Fuck off, buck."Steve nudges harshly at the dark brunette, watching as Bruce and Tony get fully into their conversation, almost pushing Phil off of the sofa as Tony slides into a seat and Bruce sits on the arm rest.
"That's a bit hard when my personal life and my profession go a hand in hand, Bruce. Which, by the way, is not my fault."Tony had once tried to become a private man, to keep his affairs and whereabouts and what doings things that nobody knew about, but it was pretty hard when the media has been following your existence before your birth and Obie just loves to throw Tony into a media frenzy every once in a while to rile up the board.
"Tones, I've been offered a position and,"Rhodeys words are half lost as he might as well be speaking into a void because Tony isn't listening to the words that he's saying now, but the words that Tony himself spoke moments before.
"Next time, you're travelling with me."And there's nothing that Tony can say because he doesn't know what to say, or how to say it; no sassy, snarky remark or a gushy love letter written in the sand that he has stumbled over to get to Rhodey, to just touch and feel and be held by someone who Tony had thought he would never be able to see, to feel, to hear again. He collapsed, right there, right then, in the boiling sand that burned his exposed knees and the sun that he had been following for miles and miles setting behind the humps of golden sand. Gloved, frantic hands coming to catch him as he falls.
Steve doesn't waste any time getting into the car, Natasha already driving off the moment the car door is shut so that she doesn't get fined nor does the car decide to die on her. Lucky enough, the car does indeed have seat belts which makes the car that 1% safe to be legally driven on the road.
But he hardly doubts that. With all of the flirting that Tony has been doing, he's sure that Steve would've said something by now.
"Tony,"Strange sighs deeply through his nose, fingers at his temples for a moment."I'm telling you that from what I've seen through photographic evidence alone is that we may be able to carry through with the specs of creating the first
