Chiepaer said, bounding toward the door, Bucky on his heels.
shut up Sam.
Her name is Pen-E.
Bucky never told Steve about his second set of words.
There is a small, spherical robot on my desk. Why?
Bucky tapped the words over Clint’s heart. “What’s the story behind this?”
Pyziedot shook off Steve’s hand and went closer to the door.
“Ooooh. So that’s why,” Bucky said.
“He’ll love you,” Steve replied, just before Bucky opened the door.
he thought with a sigh. Clint finished preening Steve’s wings, then slid off the couch to sit in front of him on the floor.
“Good.” Alexander Pierce turned his back to the technician. “Wipe him and put him on ice to make sure. We wouldn’t want to make any mistakes. Not when we’re this close.”
“They’re gorgeous, sweetheart.”
“I found my soulmate.”
Sarah silently slipped out of the room as Steve started to pull his shirt off.
For once, Clint’s right.
“He’s over there,” Clint said, nodding at Tony. The guy looked over and opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, Clint held up his hand. “I just wanted to say that-”
When did you take that? You haven’t left the house in the last week.
“Tony,” Rhodey said exasperatedly. “You can’t just decide you want this guy to be your new PA. You don’t even know who he is.”
“Sure,” Steve had replied. “I’ll also tell them about that one time Becca put gum in your hair and you refused to let it be cut out.”
Steve came through the door and took in the bags under the other man’s big brown eyes and how he was curled up in the corner of the couch, munching on his sandwich.
Steve knocked on Bucky’s door, Tony by his side. “You sure you want me here?” Tony asked, swinging their joined hands between them. “I mean, will he even like me?”
Tony went through sixteen personal assistants in the span of two and a half months before he found the perfect one.
are you like that in bed too?
“No.” Clint’s grinned. “He will. I’ll just bail him out.”
Grinning, Tony took his hand and said, “Nice to meet you, Agent.”
“I know he’s badass, and that’s what counts.”
“Captain?” Tony asked, shocked. He looked closer at the man outside the window. “He seems way too young to be a Captain.”
Steve wasn’t used to all this attention.
Clint.
We’re going back to DC soon.
Tony chuckled. “Tell me a little about yourself.”
“I should have.”
Tony groaned. “Why do you all keep waking me up?” he signed tiredly.
“So that’s pretty much it,” Tony said, lounging back in his chair.
she really does
Steve was right.
“Shall I ask them to put some chocolate croissants in the bag as well?”
“So,” Sam said, leaning back in his chair, brown and gray wings twitching. “What brought you to Central Park at the ass crack of dawn?”
Tony nodded. “I wanted to get it done before you woke up, but I-” His signing tapered off when he spotted something on the inside of his right wrist.
Steve focused on the steady beat of the other man’s heart and felt his panic begin to abate. His head dropped onto the other man’s shoulder and he leaned his weight on Tony, completely and utterly exhausted. Tony’s hand came up to cup the back of his head and his other arm wrapped around Steve’s back.
“You know me so well,” Tony said happily.
Rhodey was visiting, and they were teaching Pepper sign language. Halfway through, she had taken off her jacket and kicked off her heels, saying, “I might as well get comfortable,” and put her feet in Tony’s lap, focusing completely on Rhodey.
That’s why Yzzial is perfect for Tony, even though Tony himself doesn’t see it.
“It’s about damn time,” Bucky said, still grinning. “I thought you’d never find him.”
Why did he agree to this? Tony was going to have to get close to get his measurements, and that meant he would see his wings, and his wings wouldn’t be healed by then and-
Smiling, Steve showed him the inside hem of his shirt. What looked like a tiny piece of metal was stitched in. “No one is as smothering as Tony can be,” he said.
The other nurses shrunk back in the face of Sarah Rogers’ fury.
anyway steebs idea was good
(See the end of the chapter for
Grinning, Peter wrapped his arms around Tony and said, “I also wanted to ask if we could watch a movie together?”
This thing between him and Steve was new, and they hadn’t talked about it yet, so Tony didn’t really know what to call it. Whatever it was, Tony liked it. He felt safe around Steve, and even more so when they were cuddled up like this.
“It is,” Steve said firmly, squeezing one of Tony’s hands. And it was. Steve had never heard of anyone being able to create an AI, let alone thinking of it as a child.
Tony had a plan.
Clint whistled appreciatively from behind the counter.
“Yeah,” Steve murmured sleepily. “Tony preened them this morning.”
“Hi,” Clint said quietly crawling into the bed.
Tony sat nervously in the small café he had chosen to meet in.
Pepper’s brow furrowed. “Clint? Who’s that?”
The raid was supposed to be routine. Just a normal, run of the mill attack on a HYDRA base.
you’re both assholes.
Thank you, Bruce.
i can make one.
What did you do.
(“Does he always get this into stuff?” Sam asked.
Tony makes a decision and Steve is confused.
“You as well,” Phil replied.
“Name one time.”
Steve thought.
“Ah, that’s right,” Tony signed. “Anyway,” he turned to Clint, “what did you find out?”
He glanced at Steve’s wings that were stretched out across the bed. Almost without realising it, he reached out and ran his fingers through the feathers.
we need at least eight
Steve walked out of the café with a huge smile on his face. He and Tony had talked for at least an hour before deciding that they would go ahead with the plan for them to live together.
“Mind if I sit?” the man asked, gesturing to the other end of the bench.
That came out wrong.
“Okay,” Steve said quietly. He pulled the blankets up and wrapped a wing around Tony to keep him warm.
Tony shook his head. “Don’t worry about it, mon capitan. He won’t hurt you.”
Every time he refused after that, they plucked out a few of his flight feathers. Soon, he didn’t have any left, and everyone knew that the next time he refused, he would lose a wing.
“You’re not the one that was arrested,” Sam’s soulmate said. He held out his hand. “I’m Clint.”
Steve didn’t mind. Bucky had a tendency to do the same thing when they lived together, so Steve had gotten used to being used as a human teddy bear.
The first thing Tony learned (after he got over the shock of having a freaking KING DRAGON claim him as his own) was that Yzzial was very, very, very protective.
i was having my own freak out.
His fingers hit a bald spot and he recoiled.
Steve sat up, slightly disappointed. He had been hoping that Yzzial would stay. He moved to get up, but stopped when the door opened.
Shut up.
Tony let go of Pepper with a sheepish smile. “This is Clint,” he said, gesturing at the other man.
so theres one other thing i forgot 2 mention
Sarah looked shocked and angry. “That long? And no one has come to tell you anything?” Tony shook his head. “Well, let’s change that, shall we?”
Tony stood up and walked over to sit next to him. “Want to watch a movie?”
Gaigheiss liked Yzzial.
The little kids in his archery classes call him Hawkeye, and he hates it when people call him Hawkguy instead.
Very hard, as it turns out.
now that everyones here we can start
“I’m fine,” Steve replied, surveying the man. He was dark skinned and was dressed in a sweatshirt, tennis shoes, and basketball shorts.
Why did you not just take a picture of yourself, as your name on this chat does have spider’s name in it?
Text speak. So sexy.
who else do we know that has a lot of generations in their family?
yes, Bucky?
“I’m not a sourpuss,” Rhodey said with a scowl.
“For what?” Steve asked incredulously.
the dragon replied.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said, smiling softly. “They’re all really nice. Well, Clint and Bucky can be asses sometimes, but everyone else is awesome.”
Tony looked up at Steve from his seat in the kitchen. “What, of Yzzial? He’s harmless.”
“Hey, Tony?” Steve stuck his head through the door of Tony’s bedroom, fingers itching once again. “JARVIS said you were up.”
anyone wanna go scuba diving?
Tony seemed to take that invitation seriously. Every morning started with a cuddle, with another at lunch, and others interspersed throughout the day.
A man in a suit walked into the room and said, “Barton, what did you do now?”
i dont know man. I dont know
im hurt
Brucie! Show them the new girl!
he said quietly, dropping his head back down and staring at the door.
Is it the fact that he loves his son enough to buy him a tarantula, or is it that he’s not scared of that tarantula at all?
Phil chuckled and stroked his hair. “You could have asked.”
Hey, Tony. I found your twin.
JARVIS must have also said it out loud, because when Tony looked up, Rhodey looked alarmed. They both got up and peeked out the door of the room.
Clint watched as Tony came into the room, wings drooping onto the ground. He flopped onto the couch and over Steve’s lap.
“Let him in,” Tony replied out loud, fingers already occupied. “I’m almost done.”
it said.
“Well, eat up,” Tony prompted, stealing a piece of bacon. “Growing Steves need sustenance.”
“Ryn, please get off the poor dragon,” Bruce said quietly. Pumarryn jumped off Yzzial and shot toward his human. Bruce caught him with one hand and stroked his back with the other. “Sorry about that,” Bruce said to Yzzial. “He’s a bit excitable.”
a pic of as many generations as you can find, pic of a teammate pole dancing on a street sign, pic of 2 squirrels fighting over a nut…
im down to let them join if everyone else is
“Hawkeye, what happened?” Steve asked. “Are you hurt?”
Yzzial looked away.
Tony was never one to listen to warnings.
You have no shame.
Chiepaer snorted.
Sam came up behind them and clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Hey, it’s good to see you again, man,” he said. He turned to Bucky and smiled, holding a hand out.
“That’s not him,” the second officer said, slightly out of breath. “The streaker went running toward the gate.”
i told you never to speak of that again.
You guys can’t see him, but he’s grinning so hard right now.
Here, is this one better?
yay! the pic of the skirrels!
“So you two are soulmates?” Steve asked Clint and Sam, not-so-subtly changing the subject.
The other man laughed and pulled him into a hug. “I didn’t think so either, but I managed to shift around some lessons.” Steve could just make out the edge of the man’s words peeking out from underneath the neckline of his shirt.
u’ll just have 2 come find out
You gave me a child.
Sarah pinched the bridge of her nose. “This better not happen again,” she told them before pulling up Maria Stark’s patient information.
“Did you feel it? Did you?”
“Yeah, I heard you it’s just… I didn’t think that someone ever would.” He sat down heavily on one of the stools by the island.
My son.
Yzzial had been observing Steve for the last few days, trying to determine what his human saw in him.
Both parents were slightly shocked, because Tony was only six years old, and, normally, the words appeared around your tenth birthday.
If only Steve could believe it.
Tony was a bit thrown. Pepper was usually the one hounding him with papers. He stared at Charles for a few moments before that familiar warm feeling took over his chest, but this time, it had a bit more of a kick to it.
Tony had to physically pull Yzzial away from where he had Steve pinned to the floor. Once he did, Pyziedot stalked over and cuffed the bigger dragon over the head.
Tony immediately went over and suited up again. As he went by, he gave a small device to Steve. “Here, you’ll be able to see what I see.” Steve nodded and Tony opened the door and walked into the darkened room. He closed the door behind him, then turned to the hulking shape in front of him.
It’s annoyingly prickly, but soft and squishy on the inside.
Steve repeated in his mind.
He rubbed her ankles and watched as she tried to copy Rhodey’s movements. Tony reached over to move one of Pepper’s fingers, and while he did, she caught a glimpse of the mark on his forearm.
Both men froze and stared at each other, still holding hands.
The blond human would have to prove himself if he wanted to court Yzzial’s human.
Tony woke up to bright morning sunlight and the mixed scent of four of his soulmates.
she assured him.
Sometimes the innate knowledge that someone was your soulmate took a while to kick in. Tony hadn’t really had that problem until he met Charles.
Now he couldn't stop.
It wasn’t sexual or romantic in any way, but a way to stay warm during the winter. It also helped to ease Bucky’s fear that Steve might pass away in the night and he wouldn’t know until morning.
i’m not scared of heights!
Tony didn’t care. He liked his wings, and no one would be able to change that.
Bucky grinned. “Now this I’ve got to hear.”
I don’t know why.
snowflake?
“This is not what I’m used to,” Steve said as he, Sam, and Bucky stepped into the elevator. “This is way too fancy.”
Bucky looked up at the man that had spoken and his mouth went dry.
This is the end of this story, but another is just beginning...
“Tony? What’s wrong?” Rhodey asked as he was changing his shirt. He waved a hand in front of Tony’s face.
I reserve judgement until I meet them.
That thought hadn’t even occurred to Tony before then. Thanks Thor.
Tread lightly. Your Nerf arsenal is at stake.
“I found your tracker.”
Steve wasn’t proud of it. He was just so stressed that he didn’t realize he was doing it until it was too late.
Being able to fly with the suit was all well and good, but it would never feel as good as flying without the help of the stabilizers. Tony knew his flight feathers would never grow back, not with all the damage done to them. Then he got an idea.
There were a few moments of silence before Pepper said, “Is there anyone else, Steve?”
“I need to fix this,” he signed back. “I can’t let this go on.”
Oh, crap.
“Of course, Sir.”
“Up and at ‘em, sleepyhead,” Tony said cheerfully, carrying a tray filled with food. “I got up early to get you breakfast, so you better be thankful.” He set the tray on Steve’s lap and sat down next to him.
“Hi,” Sarah replied as Tony sat up, rubbing his eyes. She sat the blanket and sandwich next to him on the couch.
do u have any more of those?
Tony whipped his head up. “Hi, Mom,” he said, smiling sheepishly. “Guess what?”
Completely mortified, the first officer unlocked the handcuffs and stepped away. “I am so sorry,” he said. “I just saw you without a shirt, and I thought-”
“There’s no rule that says you have to choose,” Becca said calmly.
Steve glanced at Sam. “Let me tell you all a bit about Bucky Barnes.”
“Hello, Captain Rogers. I am JARVIS, Sir’s personal AI,” the voice said.
Sam, Buck, meet your new scavenger hunt teammates.
Gaigheiss started rubbing Chiepaer scales with his snout to bring the shine back.
He picked it up and smiled when he read the text. “He’s here.”
“Never mind that,” Tony said, eyes zeroing in on Bucky’s left arm. “Who in the hell gave you that piece of crap?”
nat and i are in miami right now
What did I do now?
Dragons had a very different way of judging people’s worth.
I stole the list from Clint and one of the challenges is a picture of the biggest arachnid you can find.
he asked in confusion.
As he walked back to the Bird Center, he could swear he could feel someone’s eyes on him.
Oh, not much, just had a tiny heart attack.
“Sir, Agent Barton is requesting access,” JARVIS said, drawing Tony out of his engineering space.
“Yeah. I’m just tired.” Bruce leaned his head against Tony’s shoulder, closing his eyes. Pumarryn curled up in his lap, tucking his tail under his nose. They both quickly fell asleep, and Tony turned his attention to Yzzial.
Steve couldn’t help but notice that Tony wasn’t a morning person.
“Make sure to talk me up, alright?” Bucky had told him.
Everyone else had a dragon of their own, so why couldn’t he?
i’d return the favor if i knew what you looked like, doll.
Steve’s eyes widened and Bucky’s jaw dropped open. It couldn’t be possible. He couldn’t have met both his soulmates in one day.
Bruce was less sensitive than people gave him credit for, and often told everyone the truth, even if it wasn’t something they wanted to hear. Also, even though he said he didn’t have the temperament to be a therapist, he knew a whole lot about different mental illnesses. Steve was scared that he would think of him as more of a patient than as a friend.
You do, Brucie-bear! The students would be all over you!
“Easier this way,” Tony signed with a yawn. “Now pet me.”
Chiepaer just turned around and stomped away.
As Tony settled himself, he said, “It’s actually pretty interesting.”
“I like them,” Clint said, smiling at him.
And why is this a problem? People call you hot all the time.
“Yeah. I’ve already met one of my other soulmates.”
thats badass Tony
Tony, please tell me you’re ok
nice muscles winter. like damn
you’ll survive
“Yes. She couldn’t sleep last night because it shook her up so much. Her husband died in a car crash and every time she drifted off to sleep, she had nightmares.” Sarah looked up at her son as she paid for the sandwich. “The nurses didn’t check to see if there was any family in the waiting room, so the poor boy had to sit out there worrying all night. I’m really glad that she has someone to stay with her now, and he seems like a very caring young man.”
He fell asleep on the beach after we went scuba diving for this stupid hunt.
Actually, he wasn’t really by Steve’s side. He was more on top of Steve to prevent him from moving.
“Steven Grant Rogers, do not sneak up on me like that!” she exclaimed, putting her hands on her hips and glaring up at him.
Bucky didn’t respond, just tightened his grip on Steve as tears flowed down his face.
His hand was on its way to his right wing when Tony peeked in the door. “Oh, Capsicle, you’re awake!” he said with a smile. He came into the room, carrying a tray of food. “I made you breakfast. And by ‘made’ I mean I got JARVIS to order take out.”
Oh, no.
Pyziedot asked.
“I’m glad,” Tony replied. He looked up at Steve. “This just means that I can keep you around longer.”
seriously?
“I’m not lovesick!” Steve spluttered. He looked down at Tony. “I’m just happy,” he finished quietly.
what the hell is this list?
And you have the same glasses.
Tony fidgeted with his cup for a few minutes before the door opened. He looked up and his heart almost stopped.
“Gaigheiss? I think he is,” Tony replied. “We can go check on him if you want.” Yzzial nodded vigorously and bounded off after the trio.
“Yeah, I guess I do,” Tony replied. Yzzial nudged the tiny orange dragon with his nose. “Yzzial, this is Pumarryn. Pumarryn, this is Yzzial.” Pumarryn let go of Tony’s shirt and climbed up onto Yzzial’s snout as Bruce came over to them.
Chiepaer hung his head.
you need to have a symbol for our team in the pic too
that’s adorable.
Clint slid in on Steve’s other side and, for lack of more space, Tony sprawled on top of Steve. Thor covered them all in his great wings, and Steve slowly stopped shivering.
Taking his hand, Sam replied, “Hello soulmate. I’m Sam.”
“Again, I’m so sorry,” the officer said. “‘I should-” He turned and ran away.
You know what else is gorgeous? This beauty.
Oh, alright then.
“As you wish, little Omega.”
Tony sighed and hugged him back. “I know. I was just worried.” His wings twitched once before he quietly said, “You’re really important to me.”
those words now said.
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
“Okay, what is this all about?” Steve asked when Natasha jumped on his back for a piggyback ride after the next battle.
“Oh, come on! It’ll be fun!”
Still not meeting Tony’s eyes, Clint signed, “There are some irregularities in the shipments of weapons overseas. Some of them have been marked as lost and others are mislabeled.”
This wasn’t one of those times.
Tony tapped the side of his glasses in acknowledgement, and started to actually read the words that showed up in his glasses as Mr. George was talking.
“Where’s Steve?” Bruce asked, walking into Tony’s workshop.
i thought u werent going 2 bail me out anymore Nat
Steve and Bucky came up behind them just as Natasha unlocked the last cage. Pyziedot ambled over and wound around Tony’s legs as Chiepaer landed on his shoulder. Dragons had always seemed to like Tony, especially those that were bonded to his friends.
His eyes widened slightly.
“Thanks, Tony,” Pepper said as she pushed Rhodey’s leg away. “Worry about your food instead of my face.”
Rhodey shook his head. “This is tame compared to other times.”)
Like you’re one to talk, Tony.
I don’t need you to watch me. I’m not a kid.
Scavengers minus Sc equals Avengers
I think you’re right.
The man grinned. “You have two?”
“So Steve,” Bucky said with a grin. “Tell me everything.”
nat and i will do that since we’re in miami then
by process, he means mess
“You’re such a gossip,” Steve said, pushing him away.
“Nope. This,” Clint touched the words, “is my second one.”
“Yesterday morning,” Tony admitted sheepishly.
Sam chuckled, leaning in to whisper, “I hope you’re ready to have Clint on you all the time.”
Steve’s brows drew together in confusion. “Wait, what about that one?” he asked, pointing to the words that peeked out from under the neckline of Clint’s t-shirt.
Steve rolled his eyes as he pulled his shirt off all the way. Tony’s eyes fell on the words that swirled up Steve’s side.
Yzzial said, amused.
Yzzial growled quietly.
By the time Tony finished his breakfast, he had woken up a bit and drew away. “Sorry about that,” he said, blushing slightly.
“Girls love color, Stevie, and that blue on your wings? They’ll go crazy for it.”
Yzzial went cross eyed trying to look at the scratches that now criss-crossed his snout.
“Tony?”
Then they found out that it was a research facility.
“And it turns out that embryos respond to the hormones of their maternal parent more than those of their paternal parent while they’re developing, which isn’t that surprising, but that means that any fluctuations in the maternal parent’s hormone levels can affect the development of the fetus.”
hell yeah.
it hurts to type
“Hey, calm down. Focus on my heartbeat,” Tony said. “Breathe with me, Steve.”
Bucky’s eyes lit up and a wide grin split his face as he lunged forward and scooped Tony up into a bear hug. After a long moment, he released Tony to bring Steve in for a hug instead.
“That’s amazing,” Steve breathed. “You’re amazing.”
Yzzial cowered under the queen dragon’s gaze, his tail between his legs and head on the ground.
yes nat?
he’ll drag me along and that never turns out well
“Hmm.” Tony looked him up and down. “Not really my type, but I would be lying if I said I wasn’t curious.”
Yzzial headed straight over to the other two dragons, leaving Tony to sit down on the loveseat. The three men watched as Yzzial sniffed Gaigheiss, who was curled up against Chiepaer. The silver dragon pulled Gaigheiss closer to him protectively and laid his head on Gaigheiss’. Yzzial rumbled comfortingly and nudged Chiepaer’s side tentatively.
“Seeing as you aren’t bonded, and the father isn’t in the picture, there may be a few complications with the pregnancy.”
Oh, crap.
It’s not an obsession!
“I am,” Clint said, snuggling into Bucky’s chest.
“What do you mean ‘problem?’” Tony asked worriedly.
It’s contagious!
“Really?” Tony was practically bouncing in his seat.
Awwww. That’s adorable.
I thought you were better than this, Steeb.
*deep breath*
Eyeing her warily, Steve said, “I don’t believe you, but I don’t think you’ll give me a straight answer, so I’ll accept it.”
This list just keeps getting weirder and weirder.
Tony turned to the rest of the people at the table. “Oh, alright, you big baby. This is Steve, everyone. Steve, the baby is Sam Wilson, the one in the corner is Bruce Banner, the gorgeous lady is Pepper Potts, and the platypus is James Rhodes.”
Bucky leaned into Sam’s side, watching Tony and Rhodey bicker good-naturedly. “These are good people,” he said quietly.
I think you scared Steve.
The dragon sniffed around Tony, almost knocking him off his feet.
“You can just call me Bruce if you’d like.”
“Okay, what’s wrong?” Steve finally asked as they sat on the couch one night.
He was sitting between Clint and Sam, watching a movie. Well, more like Bucky was being smothered by Clint and Sam had an arm around his shoulders, petting Clint’s hair.
A few minutes later Clint came back into the room, Thor behind him. Clint must have already explained the situation, because Thor didn’t say anything as he came over and pulled Steve to his feet.
i was having a crisis
“Stop spreading lies about me, Katniss,” Tony called out.
Steve glanced over at her uncomfortably. “Do I have something on my face?” he asked.
Tony waved his hand nonchalantly. “Don’t worry about it. Think of it as me repaying you for keeping Yzzial occupied last night. He tends to fall asleep on top of me, and he’s way too big for that to be comfortable. Dottie is much more polite.”
You’re a demon-woman.
that’s absolutely gorgeous.
hell yeah.
Everyone but Steve stared at him. “Really?”
“Oh, the lady who got into a car accident?” Steve asked, remembering the case his mother had mentioned in passing.
Clint’s words were still spinning in his mind two days after their talk.
“If you need anything, just yell. I’ll be at the counter.”
Now ladies, you’re both pretty.
Tony sniffed and looked up at them. “Thanks,” he whispered. He curled up even tighter and buried his head in Rhodey’s shoulder. Pepper pressed close to his back, still running her fingers through his hair.
“Uh, sure,” Steve replied. “What do you want to watch?”
“No. No. Nope. No way. Why is this one even in here?” Tony threw file after file over his shoulder. He dropped his head down on the table. “Why do I have to do this?”
Bucky looked down at his prosthetic in confusion. “Um, the VA?”
“I think so,” Tony signed happily.
The smile stayed on his face as he set the tray in Steve’s lap and sat next to him. Steve was very confused. He had expected the other man to be disgusted with him, but he hadn’t expected… this.
“Those two seem to like each other,” Steve said, glancing over at the dragons.
how many things are in this hunt anyway?
The young officer said, “Please come with me. I don’t want to have to take you in forcefully.”
He just hadn’t predicted that Sarah Rogers would bake him a cake in the colors of the bisexual flag.
“You can’t control everything that happens, Yzzie,” Tony said from the other side of the room. Pyziedot nodded before getting more comfortable in Tony’s lap.
“Is that what that feeling was?” Tony asked out loud. The other boy winced at his volume. “Sorry,” Tony said, trying to be quieter. “Being deaf kind of ruins your sense of how loud you are.”
“Why do you want me to wait?” Steve asked, even more confused than before.
Oh, here we go.
Then tell him.
is that a 1946 Triumph 1800 Roadster?
what the hell is this list?
you what?!?!
Tony grinned. “JARVIS, tell security to haul this guy out,” he said. The omega turned to look at him. “Also,” he continued when he saw the Stark Industries badge on the alpha’s jacket, “as of right now, this man is fired.”
come on Nat! lets go video some!
“Where’s mine on you?”
“Honeybear, I love you, but I don’t think you want to know.”
He would make sure Yinsen didn’t die in vain.
He snuggled into the warm arms wrapped around him, fully prepared to go back to sleep, when a thought occurred to him.
Tony touched his shoulder gently to get Clint to look at him. “Hey, there’s a lot of things I don’t like. Adding one more thing to the list won’t change anything,” he signed jokingly.
Steve closed his eyes, drifting off quickly in the safety of another’s wings.
Clint?
Politeness was a very big thing for them. They themselves may not always stick to the rules of polite company, but they expected others to.
Natasha went to open the door, but a growl sounded from behind it, and she backed away slowly. “I don’t think it likes me,” she said. “One of you try.” Zietu flew over to her from on top of Tony’s head and wrapped herself around Natasha’s neck, her black scales blending into her human’s combat gear. All you could see were the red streaks on her wings and around her eyes.
Tony’s hand came up to cover the one on his cheek as he said, “I had almost given up on finding you.” He sniffled. “A lot of people call me ‘Mr. Stark,’ you know.”
This chapter is really short, but it's more of a transitional chapter than anything else.
“Get to the quinjet and get him checked out. Falcon, cover him.”
nooooooo, Nat i love youuuuu!!!
“Is the small, purple one okay?” Yzzial asked worriedly, staring after the three.
“That reminds me,” Tony said into his chest. “How would you like to be my baby’s godfather?”
“Captain Rogers?” JARVIS said once after a particularly bad day. “I know it isn’t my business, but I think you should tell someone what is going on. Your stress levels are much too high even for a superhuman like you.”
As they walked to the elevator, Tony began to tell Steve all the new features he planned on including in Steve’s uniform. All the while, he was wondering how Steve’s wings had gotten to be that ragged. They had been smooth and shiny and absolutely gorgeous the last time Tony had seen him. And that was just two hours ago.
Buck, no
“That must be why Tony hasn’t left him alone lately,” Bruce said thoughtfully.
“I don’t mind you not telling me,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to the back of Tony’s neck. “I knew you were brilliant already. This just reinforces it.”
Steve’s hand slid from Tony’s cheek to the back of his neck as Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. A wave of warmth and comfort washed over them both and they sank into each other, Steve pulling Tony closer, and Tony burying his face in Steve’s neck.
Tony blew out a breath. “That sounds good.”
“Because Pepper is only one person. One absolutely wonderful person, but still only one,” Rhodey said, shuffling through his own stack.
Steve pulled Bucky up so he could hug him properly. “You know, I would date a war vet with understandable issues who lost a limb saving members of his unit,” Steve said matter-of-factly. “That is,” he continued. “If that guy wasn’t my brother.”
Tony jumped up, heart racing. He spotted Sarah standing just inside the door. “Oh, I forgot you were here.” As his heart rate began to slow back down, with a smile he said, “Warn me next time. I have a heart condition.”
Straps and chains held down the huge dragon and a kevlar hood made sure it couldn’t see anything. The dim light glinted off red and gold scales. “My god,” Bucky breathed. “It’s a king dragon.”
Chiepaer said as he jumped up next to him.
He has an obsession.
not my babies!!!
I have friends who live in New Mexico.
I know, right?
“I’m kind of scared.”
Chiepaer turned his back to the other dragon and curled up on his favorite couch cushion.
he thought.
How about a fancy A?
----------
all’s fair in chats and naming
Tony didn’t know what to do.
“It’s actually really funny,” Clint said.
STEEEEEEVE!!!!!
“Oh, are you a psychiatrist now?” Sarah asked viciously.
“You’re making Steve uncomfortable,” Bruce said, not looking away from his notes.
One of the worst punishments a person could be subjected to was a wing plucking. It was illegal in almost every country due to the emotional trauma and lasting health problems associated with it.
“Tones…” Rhodey said sadly, rubbing his best friend’s back. “We’ll work this out.”
What was he going to do?
Clint.
Rhodey’s phone went off and he pulled it out. “Shoot, I have to go,” he said. He stood up and gave Tony a hug and a peck on the cheek. “Be nice to Steve now, alright.”
It was the first time he was ever grateful for his wings. He wrapped them around himself every chance he got, which, unfortunately, wasn’t very often.
“Nice try.”
He jumped when a hand landed on his shoulder. “You need to sleep,” Pepper signed when he jerked around to look at her.
“It’s really nice of you to let us come,” Steve said as he and Bucky stepped through Tony’s door.
aye aye Captain
The alpha shook his head. “I am not a sourpuss. Stop introducing me like that,” he told Tony in amusement. He held out a hand to Steve. “James Rhodes.”
“Well,” Bucky said. “That’s new.”
*deep breath*
what are you talking to me for then? go tell him how you feel.
how about this?
Steve’s heart stopped working for a moment. “Oh.”
we need a symbol ‘cause it means we didnt just get the pics off the internet
“Thank you,” he choked out between sobs.
Sure, but why?
“It was no problem,” Tony replied. “I’m Tony. What’s your name?”
“Don’t get arrested again, idiot.”
I can’t believe you dragged me along to do this.
Tony laughed. “I’ve only known him for a few week, but I can already tell that he gets into some shit. He layed a guy out flat the day I met him.”
“Of course we can.” Tony grabbed the blanket off the back of the couch and pulled it around both of them. “JARVIS, pull something up, will you?”
nat i hurt
Natasha shrugged. “I just feel like it.”
no seriously. how did you get me out?
Tony hadn’t always been deaf. When he was younger, he was fully hearing, but explosions aren’t very good for your eardrums.
He might have panicked a little before realising that it was only Tony. They might have gotten off on the wrong foot, but Steve would trust Tony with his life.
“Why don’t we get you to bed? You could probably use a nap,” Tony murmured. He pulled Steve up and led him back to his bedroom. Steve curled up on the bed when they got there and fell straight to sleep.
shut up. i can hear you laughing.
“Mr. Stark?”
Natasha entered the room behind him and the two went around opening cages. The bronze dragon stayed perched on Tony’s shoulder the whole time, which only served to darken Tony’s mood.
Rhodey moved to separate them, but before he could, the omega grabbed the alpha’s arm and executed a move that ended with the alpha on the ground with the omega’s foot on his throat.
Steve looked up from where he was hiding behind his sketchpad. He had chosen this bench because it was secluded. It was just a happy coincidence that the back of it was against the wall of a gardener’s building.
She marched off toward the nurses’ station, eyes burning and jaw set. Tony chuckled softly. He liked this woman. She had spunk.
Yzzial’s chuffing laugh was the first thing Steve heard when he woke up.
I AM IN WISCONSIN.
Tony proved how smart he is and Steve thinks smart people are sexy.
“Hey, Cap?”
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
“You’re telling me,” Clint said. Tony nodded in agreement.
Steve jumped at the voice and watched with wide eyes as the TV turned itself on. “Um, hello?”
When Thor finally put him down, Tony stumbled backward, aiming to land on the couch, but ended up in Steve’s lap instead. He felt his face immediately heat up, and when he looked back, Steve was bright red. Tony moved to get up, but Steve just snaked one arm around his waist to keep him in place.
Steve shrugged, wrapping his hands around a steaming cup of coffee. “I needed to get away.”
“Hello?”
Natasha shook her head. “I don’t think so.” She ran her fingers through Bruce’s hair. “Steve isn’t doing too well emotionally.”
Tony got out of that cave with his life and wings intact. The plans for Yinsen’s wings were safely tucked in his shirt, right next to the arc reactor. He made himself a vow that he wouldn’t sell any more weapons, and he would protect the people who couldn’t protect themselves.
They all began to drift off, not noticing that a certain spy had entered the room.
r u kidding? i cant even draw stick figures. ur amazing dude!
alright, you asked for it
be glad my great-grandma lives in the city still
Peter took it.
Tony.
“I’ve got them,” Tony said, blasting through a wall of the compound and rocketing down the stairs.
Found her!
Yes, and I only have enough food in my lab for a day, so he needs to find her.
why? did it get out?
you have Facetime?
“You know sign language?” Tony asked excitedly. When the other boy nodded, Tony signed, “You’re my new best friend,” and glomped onto his arm. “You shall be called Rhodey.”
“Which patient?” Steve asked curiously as they walked into the cafeteria.
“Hey, Steve, it’s okay. I’m here,” he murmured, guiding Steve’s head to rest on his shoulder.
He had expected Bucky to be angry that his best friend had pretty much admitted to liking men, but Bucky had just pulled him in for a hug and said, “Thanks for telling me.”
Tony smiled for the first time in over 24 hours, although it was shaky and disappeared almost as quickly as it had appeared. “Okay, Sarah. Call me Tony.”
Tony thought to himself.
“Baby blue, just like your eyes.”
Steve padded over and snuggled in close. Ever since their small talk, Steve had started initiating contact more and more. He had been a bit worried at first that Tony would think Steve was being too clingy, but Tony would always just smile and wrap a wing around him.
i tried to dress a hydrant and got arrested
Why can’t you show them? You’re the one that made her.
They were spending all their time together, and Tony was being really cuddly. Well, even more cuddly than usual.
Tony lifted his head from where it was resting against the wall. “Nurse Rogers, was it?”
A new voice piped up, stopping Bucky in his tracks.
“My turn,” he said. Steve tentatively touched Clint’s wings before burying his hands in pale purple feathers. Clint spread his wings out, subtly guiding Steve to the barred undersides.
Steve slid the pancakes onto a plate and turned around. He wrapped an arm around Tony and led him over to the island. Tony sat down, tangling a hand in Steve’s shirt and didn’t let him go until he finished eating.
“Are you alright?”
Yzzial grinned in the way only dragons can. Sharp teeth gleamed as he said,
what the hell r we going 2 do now?
stevie’s brain just melted.
“At least now you won’t have as hard a time of finding them,” Bucky said, slightly in awe.
Oddly enough, I don’t think you’re helping your case.
damn caps lock
she said.
Your CO.
Me too.
Clint.
what?
He stared at the words glaring up at him.
More like they’re scared of you.
And now he was sleeping with someone else.
“Alright,” JARVIS murmured, somehow sounding worried.
dont hurt me!
He looked up at Gaigheiss.
“Oh, yeah.” Sam smiled down at Clint fondly. “He’s really cuddly.”
“Here you go,” Clint said, sitting a cup on the table. “I read that coffee was bad for babies, so I brought you hot chocolate instead.”
“Mama, Mama! Look!” A young Tony Stark ran into the kitchen, where his parents were sitting at the table, Howard reading the news and Maria enjoying her coffee. “I got my words!”
It’s not uncommon for a person’s words to change. After all, things happen to people that can’t always be explained. For example, one lady’s words changed when her soulmate was attacked and his vocal cords were damaged.
Chiepaer eyed him before turning his head away. Yzzial took that as an invitation and laid down next to them, his tail wrapping around the other two dragons.
“There’s no need to thank me. I’m here for you. We all are.”
“I’m not talking about you, Jackie Chan, I’m talking about him,” Tony replied, pointing to the alpha. “Actually,” he turned to Rhodey, “I want him.”
Clint tried, but it didn’t count.
shut up
Brucie-bear, you wouldn’t have happened to take Talula out of her cage, would you?
Clint thinks of himself as the trickshot king.
“It’s not your fault,” Bruce reassured her. “None of us did.”
drum roll please
Steve had tears in his eyes as he wrapped his wings around them both. “I didn’t think that anyone else- I mean- anyone I knew-”
When Rhodey looked back up at Tony, their eyes locked.
Bucky sat close to his best friend, eyes transfixed on the words that now curled up Steve’s side.
“Whoa, there, big guy,” Tony said, taken aback. “I know I’m wickedly handsome, but aren’t you moving a bit fast?”
YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!
Sam, Stevie, and i are in New York.
don’t hurt him, we need him.
“Really? Good for you!” Bucky was genuinely happy for his friend. He himself had gotten his words the year before. They ran up his side in a single line.
“Well, usually we would have to take a bit of blood to run a few tests, but it looks like you already had that done, so instead, I can talk to you about some options.”
Tony, with his mouth full of sandwich, said,
You are going to apologize once we find her.
Unfortunately.
The third time Steve woke up, he was alone.
i dont know man. I dont know
“I can sleep on the couch,” Tony said, moving over to it.
She is not! She’s a sweetheart.
“How did he manage that?” Tony got up, prompting Yzzial to get up as well.
“Well, he’s already met my mom.”
Now that’s just rude. Talula is a lady, and she has feelings.
They had both draped their wings over his shaking form and wrapped their arms around him, since he seemed to calm down a bit when they did.
I don’t think I’ve ever been this terrified of someone I’ve never met before.
One of Tony’s hands found its way onto his stomach. “I don’t want to do that. No matter how… unexpected this was, I want to keep it.”
i can get that. i live in New York.
“Really?” Steve interrupted.
Steve hadn’t been expecting to meet Tony’s friends this soon, but here they were.
what was that about pole dancing?
“Hey, are you okay, man?”
Natasha just shook her head.
The nurses looked at each other, all thinking the same thing.
i forgot 2 send the picture we took
“I’m just here to watch you crash and burn.”
Tony smiled and ran his finger across the black writing on the inside of his elbow. He didn’t realize that he would come to publicly hate those words, only to cry over them in privacy.
we should all probably say where we live
have you recovered yet, Stevie?
Yep. You like?
“Nothing’s wrong,” Tony grumbled. Steve raised an eyebrow. “Don’t you do that. Don’t make that face.” Steve just stared at him. “Arg, fine!”
“It’s still nice,” Steve replied as Tony gave Bucky a hug. Bucky tensed up for a second and threw a surprised glance at Steve. Steve just smiled at him and said, “Just accept it, Buck. He won’t let you go until you do.”
HELLO NEW FRIENDS!!!
Okay, maybe the cars aren’t an obsession, but what would you call the robots?
Tony hummed and brushed a hand over Steve’s hair before kissing his cheek. That was new as well. After their talk, Tony had gotten more affectionate and Steve was enjoying every second of it.
Stay tuned for more!
Of course. Peter loves her.
Steve didn’t really know how he knew his soulmate was a man. Maybe it was the way the handwriting looked. It had a distinct male vibe to it.
It was the man’s turn to stare. “What?”
“Steeeve. Cuddle me.”
“Could you?” Tony asked hopefully. Sarah nodded, smiling kindly at him.
The moment Tony saw his new roommate, a warm feeling overtook his chest.
“You’ll cut off my dick if I do anything to him?” the guy asked in amusement.
Oh, be quiet. You’re just scared of heights.
“The feeling,” Charles said. “The last time it wasn’t just in here.” He pressed a hand to his chest.
On days when Steve’s lungs weren’t acting up, Bucky would lay on top of him, his wings wrapping around them both, and it was the most wonderful feeling to Steve. Those were some of the few times he was warm all the way through.
Bucky wrapped his arms around Tony and hugged him back. Tony smiled up at him before pulling away and bouncing into the living room.
“I do,” Tony said quietly. “I really do.” He sighed and slumped over, resting his head on Bruce’s shoulder. “I don’t know what to do.”
Tony sat in a chair in the exam room nervously, waiting for the doctor to come.
i can’t find Talula
The first time he refused to build the Jericho missile, they kindly treated him to a dunk headfirst into a bucket of water.
The guy went over to Tony and held out his hand. “Hello. I’m Steve Rogers.”
At least his heightened healing meant no one noticed, and he’d like to keep it that way.
It also turned out that hiring him as his new PA was the best thing Tony could have done.
I appreciate that Tony, but you don’t have to lie.
That explains it.
“Tony, I can’t do all of the work anymore. You need to get another PA.”
I have some sway in DC.
Yzzial hadn’t left Steve’s side since he had woken up.
be careful.
I mean, I’m not going to just keel over any moment now.
i have one arm, you moron! it throws off my balance, you know that!
it’s been like four hours. why would we have anything done yet?
“Who’ll get a big head?” Clint asked, strolling into the room with Gaigheiss draped over one shoulder.
“Who’s Mr. Hottie out there?” Tony asked, nodding to the window that Steve was standing by. He was standing with perfect posture, eyes straight ahead. “And why does he look like a drill sergeant is about to yell at him?”
“I won’t.”
“Hey, what’s wrong, sweetheart?” Steve asked worriedly, sinking down to his knees and placing his hand on Tony’s cheek.
*gasp* im shocked that u would think i did anything
Bucky just tackled Sam.
Tony stared at the flyer in his hand.
I HAVE THE CACTUS PICTURE!
That wouldn’t be a problem if you weren’t such a baby.
I just love Sarah Rogers so much.
Yes, I gathered that.
Bucky shook his head. “No, you just told me that sometimes pregnant Omegas need someone around. You didn’t go into specifics.”
“You’re not forgiven, because there’s nothing to be sorry for.” Steve smiled up at him. “I chose to save you. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Becca handed him the piece of paper she had painstakingly copied it onto, replicating the handwriting as best she could.
As she left the room, over her shoulder, she said, “Go to sleep. That’s an order.”
The dragon shrugged and laid down next to him, placing his head in Tony’s lap.
both.
… She is pretty cute.
well, i guess we’re stuck together for the rest of the year.
They both drifted off, content in each other’s arms.
So you decided to replace it with a sentient being.
Yzzial examined him for a few seconds before placing his snout on Steve’s head in acceptance.
Bucky liked to say that Steve’s wings were pretty.
Old cars? Yeah, a few.
Yzzial said.
“Yes, sir.”
Sam grinned and pulled his right arm out from under the table, turning his wrist so Steve could see the words.
Steve sat down, fidgeting with the zipper of his jacket nervously. “Uh. I don’t really know what to say.”
Natasha’s antics didn’t prepare Steve for when Bruce started leaning on him at random moments.
“Since I got the call Mom had a car accident.”
Instead of sitting down, Tony padded over and pressed himself against Steve’s back. Steve paused for a moment before going back to flipping pancakes.
Steve gave a small wave and smiled shyly. “Hello, ma’am.”
“What does it say, Stevie?” Bucky asked, grinning down at his shrimp of a best friend.
For the last three days?
Says the guy who put his shirt on backwards.
“They’ll be fine,” Tony soothed. “They’re strong.”
Pepper, Rhodey, and Phil seemed to have disappeared, but Tony wasn’t worried. They were all busy people and they probably had better things to do than lay in bed all day. Tony nuzzled the top of Clint’s head and began to extricate himself, finally heeding his screaming bladder even though he wanted to stay where he was.
Clint came up behind him and hooked his chin over his shoulder just as Tony secured the outer casing. Tony spun around in his chair and reached up to place them in Clint’s ears.
Being deaf didn’t really affect Tony’s life all that much. He was already miles ahead of kids his age academically, and people weren’t really his thing, so he was pretty much okay. Plus, learning sign language with Jarvis was fun. It was like a secret language that only they knew.
He had been more upset that his newest project had been blown to bits than at the fact that his son now had total hearing loss in both ears.
Tony stroked Pyziedot’s back as he watched the two argue, a small smile on his face.
Um, yeah?
the dragon rumbled. He dipped his head, resting his snout on Tony’s helmet for a moment.
I’m going to kill you.
“It was bound to happen some time,” Sam replied matter of factly. “There aren’t many people signed up for this.”
so that’s everywhere
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said as he walked into the workshop.
“We can go now, if you’re free,” Tony replied, heading for the door, glancing at Steve as he did. Steve turned quickly, but Tony caught a glimpse of his wings.
Tony shrugged. “Maybe I didn’t want you to know?” he replied distractedly, arms deep in a box of scraps.
“I mean, he is pretty damn cute, but the way you two act together is just perfect,” Bucky responded.
Tony knew something was up with Steve.
The whole team was being so nice, giving him hugs and taking him out to dinner as often as they could, but sometimes, all he wanted was to be left alone.
“You really are,” said Clint from under Sam’s arm.
“Um, I’m here to meet someone,” the guy said shyly.
“What do you mean?”
“I know,” Tony sighed, going over and flopping down next to him on the couch.
are you thinking what i’m thinking?
thanks everyone. i appreciate it.
Giant spider?
“The problem with that is that an Omega that isn’t mated has more fluctuations, and if the other parent of the fetus isn’t around, there are even more than that, because there’s no one to help balance out the hormones. That means that there needs to be someone to stand in for the absent parent, and familial stand-ins just don’t cut it.”
how can a HEART ATTACK not be as bad as we think?
He didn’t cry when Jarvis died. (Well, not in public.)
Steve eyed him suspiciously, but let Clint do what he wanted. He eventually relaxed as Clint began preening his wings and stretched them out so Clint could reach the undersides.
“They’re just a baby,” Tony whispered, gently stroking the silver spiderweb that had just appeared. Tears started to fill his eyes as he cradled his wrist to his chest.
Chiepaer was not happy.
now seriously. the assignments
Neither of them mentioned the warmth they felt when their hands touched.
Ooo. Grumpy Cat likes someone for once.
“Huh,” Tony said, a puzzled look on his face. “How didn’t I notice this?” he signed.
Well, Clint talked. Steve just cried like a baby.
yes, we are. besides, your mom loves me.
“Don’t let her hear you say that,” Steve chuckled. “She’ll get a big head.”
a lot
You’ve always said you wanted kids, but are too busy for a relationship. Susie just needs attention, nothing more.
Clint could tell when Steve found what he wanted him to see. “Clint?” Steve said, voice breaking and fingers rubbing over the small scar.
It’s contagious!
Yes, but you’re the one who played it off like you didn’t care about your own health.
“Shhhh, just let it happen.”
“You know, Yzzial doesn’t seem to like me that much,” Steve said offhandedly.
“What happened after that?” asked Steve quietly.
he asked worriedly.
“Because I’m only here to verify that Steve makes it to the omega’s place of residence and that neither of them are in danger,” Sam replied with a smirk. “Steve also likes me better.”
“I’m a bit sore, but I’ll be all healed up by the morning,” Steve assured him.
Tony usually came out of his room about an hour after Steve finished. He would still be wrapped up in a blanket, bare toes sticking out at the bottom. His hair would be sticking up at all angles, and Steve always felt an urge to run his fingers through it.
It’s not as bad as you think.
that’s good.
excuse me for a second.
“You what?” Tony asked, brown eyes wide.
“Tony. Tony, wake up.”
And, as many would tell you, the long hair works for him.
Barnes family meeting?
----------
she’s asking me when she’ll have grandkids
“Um, yeah,” Tony said.
“Hello,” Tony’s new roommate said. At least, that’s what Tony thought he said. He wasn’t all that good at lip reading. “It looks like you’re my soulmate,” he continued with a smile.
Tony blushed and ducked his head. “It’s not that impressive,” he said.
The woman smiled at him from the entrance to the waiting room. “You can just call me Sarah.”
Hot damn.
Examining him closely, Gaigheiss noticed that Chiepaer’s silver scales seemed to be losing their shine.
“And I already told you why he’s needed here,” Sam added, lifting Bucky’s feet so he could sit down.
alright
we need a picture of a cactus dressed as a nerd and a fire hydrant dressed as a firefighter
Tony looked up from where he was working on schematics. “Hey, Pete. What’s up?”
“Suck it up, Buttercup,” Tony replied. “And order me some of those peanut butter banana ice cream cookies from the bakery down the street.”
They emerged into the sunlight and headed for the quinjet. Yzzial stuck close to Tony, looking around suspiciously. When they stepped up into the quinjet, a tiny orange flash shot toward them. It stopped in front of Yzzial, said “hi,” and latched itself onto the front of Tony’s shirt.
“Sorry, but look!” The man pointed to the words over his heart.
She smiled kindly at him, then seemed to notice the bags under his eyes. “Have you been sleeping alright, dear?” she asked, walking over to him. She placed a hand on his forehead to check his temperature.
Tony’s brow furrowed in confusion. “What’s not what you expected.”
i was thinking the same thing.
Out with it, Birdbrain.
Tony thought as he watched Steve sleep.
“Barton, get back to work.”
geez how many generations is that?
Thor took no notice of what was going on behind him as he found a place on the floor to watch the dragons from. There was a childlike glee on his face that could warm even the coldest heart.
Tony picked up his head and looked around. Clint and Rhodey were curled around him on either side, Pepper had crawled in behind Rhodey, and Phil was sitting up against the headboard by Clint.
Rhodey’s eyes widened. He looked down at the marks. His own mark rested over his heart, a perfect diamond in dark blue. Tony’s mark, a small red circle overlapping a larger circle, took over his other pec. On his ribs there layed two marks, a small, pale orange sunrise and a darker orange heart.
Bucky leaned back in his chair and smiled warmly at his best friend. “I never thought I’d ever see you acting so lovesick, but here you are, cuddled up to a gorgeous man and you have the biggest smile on your face I’ve ever seen.”
“Fine,” Tony sniffed. He went over to Bruce and flopped on top of him. “Cuddle me Brucie.”
“So, let me get this straight. Your name is Clint Barton, you’re an agent of SHIELD, SHIELD is a covert intelligence agency, and you were sent to work here to monitor the dealing of weapons,” Tony signed incredulously. “Anything else?”
Bucky stiffened. “You saw that, huh?” he said, voice wavering.
“Of course,” Tony replied, nudging him. “You’re good for lifting heavy things.”
Yzzial muttered before drifting off again. Tony smiled down at him.
“No, ma’am,” the nurse replied quietly.
Why is this a bad thing? We want more points, correct?
The only thing worse than plucking was complete wing removal. Unfortunately, it wasn’t illegal because sometimes, doctors just can’t save someone’s wing.
i am man, i am
Steve nodded, running a finger over the words gently, and reading them over and over again.
Sam was lounging on a bench in Central Park, resting before continuing his morning run. A man with sandy blonde hair sat down next to him.
Clint didn’t know what to make of Steve and Tony’s relationship.
Gaigheiss replied, getting himself comfier on Yzzial’s back.
“But Honeybear,” Tony whined, turning around. “This one flirted first.”
Yzzial looked over at the two men curiously. His human seemed to be enjoying the blond one’s company, but that didn’t do anything to stop his dislike of the man. He hadn’t introduced himself yet, which was the polite thing to do, and he had moved toward his human without permission.
Shaking with fury, Chiepaer stalked up to Yzzial and swatted him on the nose, claws fully extended.
Soft feathers brushed against his own, smoothing the ruffled patches on his wings. Tony was a welcome weight on his chest, pressing him slightly into the bed.
“J, let him in,” Tony said.
Sam stared at the man, rubbing the words on his left forearm.
i just want everyone to be safe!
“Do you have any idea when that will be?” Steve asked nervously.
There was a small pause in which the two got comfortable. Once they were settled, Yzzial quietly asked,
ouch. i know how that feels.
Chiepaer replied petulantly.
I love it.
“Bossy,” Tony muttered, but his eyes were sparkling. He waved the men inside before gesturing to an alpha standing in the living room. “This is Rhodey, professional sourpuss.”
“So. Steve,” Pepper said, leaning forward to place her elbows on the table and rest her chin on her hands. “Since he’s already thrown you to the wolves, do you have any family or friends for Tony to meet?”
“Hey, Cap, you got incoming,” Clint said. Tony heard an explosion and then Clint yelling.
Tony was going to fix that.
Rhodey just hugged him tighter.
Sam nodded and held up his left arm, which had been around Clint’s shoulders, revealing the words on his forearm.
damn caps lock
It’s disturbing that you call that thing your baby.
Sam groaned, dropping his head onto Bucky’s shoulder. “You getting arrested the first time we met is not funny,” he said, his voice slightly muffled.
“That’s sweet,” a warm voice behind him said.
“Tony!” Maria’s face split into a huge smile and she held her arms out for a hug.
he said grudgingly.
It happens all the time. I just bail him out and he buys me knives as payment.
Yzzial hit the ground with his tail for emphasis.
Though all was well in Avengers Tower, a very different scene was playing out in a secret underground base.
I doubt that, but alright.
“No, of course not,” Steve said. There was a pause before he realised. “I did. I forgot.”
I am sorry. My caps lock was on.
A man with blonde hair waved them over to the corner booth excitedly. “Stark! Get over here!”
“So, why is Bruce okay when Steve isn’t?” he asked, one eyebrow raised.
He examined Steve’s wings carefully and found that clumps of them were new feathers or ones that were just growing in.
“Steve. Shut up,” Bucky said when Steve told him that one day. “They are amazing.” Bucky turned around and looked at Steve. “Now get over here and let me clean those wings of yours. They’ve got dirt in them.”
damn son
“As he should be.”
“Of course.”
Pepper grabbed his arm and looked at it closer. “That’s mine,” she said.
“Deal with it,” Natasha retorted, crossing her arms.
yeah. the expensive kind
so we can dole out location specific challenges
well hello. you disappeared for quite a while there.
sooo now what?
“Hello?” The man waved his hand in Sam’s face. “Anyone in there?”
“Mmhm,” Tony mumbled, snuggling closer. “The baby likes it too.”
“Yeah. Now we won’t get yelled at for PDA,” Sam said with a smile.
“Hey!” Tony protested. “I was going to sit there.”
“Sit down, Tones,” Rhodey called from the living room. “You’re not going to make him come any faster by standing there.”
Maybe.
Tony gave her a thumbs up before turning his attention back to the board member that was speaking, pushing his specialized glasses up his nose. He kept tapping his pen to annoy them, but he appreciated that Pepper had told him.
Yzzial lifted his head off the floor to look up at Tony.
Clint.
“What?” Maria asked dryly, humor dancing in her eyes.
“Barton!” Tony exclaimed. “I didn’t know you’d be here!”
he thought. He moved a bit closer to the door, not even noticing when Chiepaer jumped off his shoulder, silver scales shining.
“And opening jars?” Steve teased.
i can see why.
get over here, you prick!
number 17 on the list is a pic of a team member hang gliding or parachuting
he said quietly.
“I did.” Steve walked over and hugged Tony, wings wrapping around him. “I appreciate you looking out for me, but this was a bit much.”
Tony stepped out of his suit and looked around the room. Cages of every size lined the walls, and in each of them was a dragon. He walked over to the nearest cage and unlocked it. The tiny bronze dragon that was inside crawled out into Tony’s hand.
Clint gathered him up and pulled him close. With Tony’s face buried in his neck, he said, “JARVIS, can you call everyone and tell them that Tony got a new mark?”
Jarvis had been the one to find him curled up in the corner, blood dripping from between the fingers clutching at his ears. He was the one who had cleaned Tony up and taken him to the doctor. Tony’s parents didn’t even know an accident had occurred until later in the day when Howard had gone into his lab.
“I have a couple of friends that I would like Tony to meet,” Steve replied thoughtfully. “But probably the most important would be my best friend.” Steve thought about it for a second before saying, “He’s more like my brother, actually.”
Tony.
“Oh come on, Rhodey-bear,” Tony teased, plopping down into his lap. “Don’t be a sourpuss.”
It was just a minor one.
And engineering results in explosions about 53% of the time. More if you’ve never had any formal training and are curious enough to break into your father’s workshop.
“That’s me, but you can just call me Tony,” he replied and shook the doctor’s hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Doctor Banner.”
“So I started researching after Bruce told me about this program, because he only said that it was necessary for the development of the baby.”
“I wanted to talk to you,” Tony replied, stepping into the room. He noticed that Steve was carefully keeping his front to Tony.
Sam nodded. “I can relate to that. People can be smothering sometimes.”
anyway. theres a trickshot challenge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It took a long time, but they did heal.
“Everyone makes mistakes,” Pepper soothed.
we need a picture of a cactus dressed as a nerd and a fire hydrant dressed as a firefighter
Clint, what did you do?
After the ice, Steve was cold all the time.
“You don’t have to come in,” Tony told him as they stood outside an old-fashioned diner. “They’ll understand.”
He was acting like Tony did when…
A thoughtful look had crossed Steve’s face. “How long did you walk around with that gum in your hair? Two, three weeks?”
“This is such a bad idea.”
The first time Tony had met Thor, he was both surprised and relieved that the god didn’t have a dragon. Then he learned that Thor’s dragon was still in Asgard because it was made entirely of lightning. “Do not worry, Metal Man!” Thor had told him. “You will find your companion. You are not defective!”
“It fits,” Tony said with a smile.
such language! for shame!
That thought stopped him in his tracks.
After Tony explained what he had done, she was quiet for a bit before saying, “That was stupid, even for you, and you better show them to me when they’re fully healed.” With that said, she turned around and left, but not without leaving a stack of paperwork behind.
That’s your fault, not mine.
“I have a couple,” Tony said happily. “But J is the most advanced.”
Just as everyone got settled, Thor came charging in. “Metal Man! You found your dragon!” He picked Tony up and gave him a giant hug.
How did you manage that?
In the middle of the night, the other side of the bed dipped. “Wha?” Tony mumbled, rolling over.
The guy looked back over at Tony apprehensively.
----------
They locked eyes over Steve’s head and Clint nodded before extracting himself and leaving. Steve whimpered at the loss of contact. Tony shushed him and pulled him closer.
uh huh.
so what else is on the list?
The downside of his words was that now Steve talked to everyone about how amazing his Bucky was, and it had gotten him in trouble for bothering people. Especially people who used their fists to solve their problems.
Bruce sat down beside him. “Does Steve know you put a tracker on him?”
Rhodey reached over to steal some popcorn from Tony’s bowl, nearly falling out of his chair onto Pepper, who was lounging on the floor with Bruce. “Watch it, Colonel Clumsy,” Tony said, holding the bowl above his head. “You’ll spill my popcorn.”
but would u be mad if i said i signed us up for a nationwide scavenger hunt?
is that seriously on the list?
there’s got to be at least fifty cars there. what the hell, Tony?
“When you were younger, I used to think you would never get color on your undersides. After that, I thought that they would just be that white forever. Then your speckles started to show up, and everyone admired them.”
payback’s a bitch, Tony.
Tony chuckled, picking up the solitary pillow. “I’ve slept in less comfortable places than this. I mean, I’m an engineer. Leaving my workshop isn’t really an option sometimes.”
What just happened?
What do you mean?
“Not much,” Steve replied with a yawn. “Just couldn’t sleep. I was surprised you were up here instead of in the workshop.”
“I can do that,” Steve said, relaxing slightly when he saw Tony turn away from him. He hadn’t really spent any time with Tony since the Chitauri invasion, so maybe this was his chance. “When do you want me to come down?”
“Keep going,” Clint murmured. Steve started preening his wings again as Clint began his story.
“Tony Stark,” Tony replied, shaking his hand. “Please, sit down.”
Steve’s skin prickled at the proximity, but it wasn’t as bad as it normally was around strangers, so he ignored it.
Barnes family meeting.
“Hi? What’s up?” Tony signed.
“My falcon. Her name is Redwing.”
Nah, you’re just a scaredy-cat.
I never had the pleasure of being under Steve.
A few moments passed before Steve whispered, “I’m fine.”
The two sat like that for a few minutes before a voice said, “I hope I’m not interrupting anything, but can you please explain what is going on?”
Clint pushed himself up onto his knees and wrapped his arms around Steve’s middle. “It’s alright, man. Just let it out.”
warn me next time you send a video like that, ok?
Shut it, Hawkguy.
Between missions for SHIELD and history lessons on the helicarrier, he didn’t have much time to himself. He sometimes wished that he could just skip the lessons, but he didn’t have anyone else to help explain this time period to him, so what choice did he have?
Well, excuse me for not wanting to be near a giant spider.
“Yep,” Tony confirmed. “I want to know who’s involved, where the shipments are going, and how I can stop it.”
Exactly how many of them?
Bucky snorted. “What could be worse than knowing you’re going to have to choose between two people you’re destined to be with?”
hawkguy?
Sam glanced at them quickly, already knowing what they said, but his eyes were drawn to the words on his collarbone. “You have two sets, too?” he asked.
“Okay, then,” Steve said, turning back to his sketchbook.
“They have finally stopped regrowing, sir. He won’t ever be flying away again.”
what why?
parafalc0n is there any chance the para in your name has something to do with parachutes?
Tony cocked his head.
Steve, you’re doing it again.
Gaigheiss’ eyes widened.
he thought. His eyes widened.
Ignore the idiot. It’s nice to meet you all.
Don’t worry, we’ll get him back.
Thor wasn’t from this planet, so he probably wouldn’t understand the ramifications of what Steve was doing and most likely wouldn’t judge him. That isn’t to say that he wouldn’t find Steve strange. After all, Asgardians still had wings, and Thor kept his in amazing shape.
what happened?
Tony didn’t cry at all when his father died.
That’s the only reason I tolerate her.
“Have fun, kids!” Bucky yelled before the door shut behind them.
nat send the video
I still can’t believe
rlly?
When they had shared an apartment, Steve and Bucky had slept in the same bed.
What do you mean?
The next time Steve woke up, there was someone laying on him.
The suit of armor might have saved his life, but the set of wings he designed for Yinsen would have been his greatest achievement. Yinsen never got his second set of wings.
“You can stay here as long as you want,” Tony said with a yawn. He shifted so that he was laying down and laid his head on Steve’s chest. “Just wake me up before you go.”
I told you to never call me that.
stevie’s brain just melted.
----------
Steve chuckled and rubbed Yzzial’s snout. “I appreciate the sentiment,” he said.
Just before he dropped off to sleep, Steve said, “I would save you again. Anytime.”
JARVIS already knew. He had caught Steve a few days after he had settled in.
Steve woke to someone preening his wings.
(He was gathering his courage as well, but Steve didn’t know that.)
Why is it on my desk?
Steve’s eyes widened, and his hand pressed up against his side. He walked closer to Tony, stopping right in front of him.
oh come on nat!
“We’re going to go get some food for a patient’s son. He was stuck out in the waiting room for over 24 hours, and I don’t think he ate anything that whole time.”
“Your wings are really soft,” Clint marveled, running a hand through the feathers.
nonono i’ll stop
“Steve did some sweet talking and got us out of it,” Natasha said, gathering up her gear.
“Thanks, Zi,” Tony said.
“We actually have to go, too,” Sam said, pushing Bucky off the couch before standing up as well. “This one volunteered to help me over at the Dynamic Services office,” he continued, gesturing to Bucky, who was laying on the ground and glaring up at him.
Tony turned to him and said, “Steve, this is Clint Barton. Clint, this is Steve Rogers.”
Two minutes later.
if you don’t stop i’m coming in there
the best part is the guy actually ended up calling up the mcdonalds down the street 2 get me my food
“I don’t understand it fully myself,” Steve admitted, stepping aside so Tony could sit in the armchair beside the couch.
that doesn’t mean you have to say i have a crush in the middle of family dinner
Steve rolled his eyes at them and exited the elevator when the doors opened. Knocking on the only door in the hall, Steve called over his shoulder, “Would you two stop fighting and get over here?”
u r no longer my best friend
I’m locking up the lab and not coming out until you do.
“He’s a Captain,” Sarah replied.
The man grins and picks up the basketball. “Middle target,” he says, then throws it at the ceiling and it ricochets off a support beam toward a wall. It bounces off the wall and back toward a line of targets affixed to the back wall.
Tony looked up at him incredulously. “Of course I do. Why is that news to you?”
I still don’t like this.
Pyziedot told him as she curled up on the couch in Tony’s workshop. The two humans were looking at something on a screen across the room, leaving the dragons to their own devices.
The second thing was the sight of an alpha male pressing said omega up against the wall forcefully.
…alright then.
The first thing that hit Tony was the smell of an omega in heat.
I think it might be someone whose name rhymes with Flint.
“Hi, Tony,” he said nervously. “What are you doing here?”
The bigger dragon was nice and he was warm. Those were the only two things he needed to know.
“Yes, ma’am,” Tony said jokingly as the door closed behind her.
“What’s his rank?” Tony asked curiously, picking up the sandwich and starting to unwrap it. He always asked since Rhodey liked meeting new people. And it was easier to look them up that way.
“Well, first off, my name is actually Clint Barton.”
“I’m not so good at feelings,” Tony said. “Especially not talking about them.”
Gaigheiss stared at him in shock for a moment before pushing him off the couch.
wait wait wait
i think it might be.
“Tony, leave the nice man alone,” a voice said from inside.
Tony laughed and pulled the blankets up around her body. As Maria drifted off to sleep, he placed a kiss on her temple. “Sleep well,” he whispered.
i can’t find Talula
“So, you don’t want to hurt us?” Steve asked gently. There was a rumble of agreement from the dragon, and Tony put his hand on Steve’s shoulder. When Steve turned to look at him, he motioned over to the Iron Man suit. The larger man’s eyes widened in understanding and he nodded.
The man turns to the camera and winks.
“He said he’s staying inside, and he had Bruce and Peter to look after him. He’ll be fine,” Bucky soothed.
Yzzial’s eyes filled with tears.
Bruce smiled. “If you’re sure that’s what you want.”
Zietu seemed to notice his mood and fluttered over from where she had been wound around Natasha’s neck. She settled on top of his head and nestled into his hair.
Steve stopped in front of the couch, took Tony by the shoulders, and spun him around to face Bucky. With a mischievous smile, he said, “Buck, this is Tony, my soulmate.”
really?
She began to walk away, calling over her shoulder, “I’m going to go check on her and take
what kind of crisis?
Yzzial asked nervously, curling his tail around Tony’s waist.
“You’re only a few weeks along, so terminating the pregnancy is still an option,” Bruce said gently.
I agree with Tony.
oh! ur back!
“I was worried,” Tony replied, staring at the glowing dot on the map.
“I’m always nice,” Tony replied. Rhodey raised an eyebrow at him. “Okay, I’m nice most of the time.”
“Well, can I?”
Steve was stunned. “You have a couple? How did you get them?”
Tony smiled down at him. “Well, I’ll never say no to a Peter hug.”
Clint hopped up on the back of the couch and straightened a few of the feathers at the base of Steve’s wing.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “Tony’s a bit overprotective.”
Steve fell over, laughing his head off. Gaigheiss looked on, amused at the antics of his people.
“What?”
don’t give him an excuse to go flying
“Stop fighting and let Steve sit down,” Pepper scolded. Both men fell silent and Rhodey scooted closer to Pepper to make room. When Steve sat down, Tony squirmed out of Rhodey’s arms and into Steve’s lap. Steve’s eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t protest.
Tony was looking over the files Phil had given him, a crease forming between his brows. This went deeper than he thought.
After doing his business, he returned to find that Clint had rolled over and taken up nearly the entire bed. Tony shook his head and went closer, spying something sitting on the nightstand. He picked them up to examine them, then looked down at Clint, brow furrowed.
Clint and Sam shared a glance and a smile before Clint whipped his shirt off in one fluid motion.
“I’m not telling you anything,” Steve said firmly. His words lost their authority when he started braiding Bucky’s hair. He had done this many times before, but this time, his eyes caught on a black mark behind Bucky’s ear.
I really don’t.
Steeb is a Captain?
Tony squinted at him in mock anger. Steve just raised an eyebrow and stared back.
The only problem was that, lately, Tony had been acting like something was bothering him. He was twitchy and had been getting progressively grumpier as the days went on.
“Yes, now shush. It wasn’t your average circus, though. It was made up of criminals and fugitives, and I was just a kid. Not everything was horrible. I learned how to shoot, at least. Time went by and eventually, my mentor and B- my brother decided to “include” me in one of their schemes.”
“Ah, Mr. Stark,” the man said. “I assume you know what’s going on?”
You love it.
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
“Anything,” Steve promised. “I’ll do anything.”
anyway. theres a trickshot challenge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“I’ve been working on a new outfit for you,” he said, looking away from Steve in an attempt to get him to relax. “I need you to come down so I can get the right measurements.”
“Okay. Bruce it is.” Tony rubbed his palms on his jeans. “So, what’s first?” he asked.
and you didn’t ask me about this before because?
Dammit.
Every morning Steve woke up early and went for a run. When he got back, he took a shower and made himself breakfast.
I did nothing.
Though Tony couldn’t breathe, he could hear Yzzial’s huffing laughs.
Honor and bravery were other important traits to dragons. Once upon a time, dragons only bonded with the strongest warriors and they still took a liking to strong people.
:D They’re my babies.
“Why did you do it?” Bruce asked curiously.
A brief look of recognition crossed Sam’s face before he turned to look back out at the park. Steve stared at him for a moment before looking back down at his sketchbook. It looked as if he wouldn’t be able to finish his drawing of the tree across the path with the increase of foot traffic as it got to be lunch time.
“AI?” Steve turned to Tony. “You have an AI?”
Apparently.
“Alright then,” replied Tony hesitantly. “Fair warning, they can be a bit… loud.” He opened the door and the two men stepped inside.
“He does not!” Bucky exclaimed. “I’m his best friend!”
If any of us get the virus, it will be a miracle.
You can go outside if you want to, you know. It’s not like they locked us in.
“Probably because you avoid all of your employees unless you are required to interact with them, Sir,” JARVIS supplied.
The movement of Clint’s hands stopped for a second as he processed that. “Tony, huh?”
“No, not really. You know, since my mom’s in here,” Tony said, gesturing to the hospital they were currently in.
“Back before I started working for SHIELD, I was in the circus.”
Tony opened his eyes to see Sarah leaning over him. “Oh, hi,” he said groggily.
Pen-E. I let one of the other bots name her.
“But Pepper,” Tony whined. “I don’t want to get another PA. I only want you.”
Steve was in no shape to walk, so Thor carried him into Steve’s bedroom and laid him on the bed. He didn’t bother to dislodge Steve’s grip on his arm, laying down beside him instead.
Just a little angsty fluff to get you through this quarantine!
Tony scowled at her, but did as she said. He flopped onto his bed and, against his will, fell asleep almost immediately.
“I don’t care.” Tony shrugged. “J, put on something good,” he said.
Tony followed behind all the way to the common area where Clint was sitting on one of the couches, watching Chiepaer fuss over Gaigheiss. Bucky came up to the back of the couch and hopped over to sit next to Clint.
so glad to have my baby back~
“Someone has chosen your scent sample.”
damn son
I have a process.
“So, where is everyone?” Bruce asked when Natasha entered the room.
what?
Yzzzial asked in alarm, head whipping back around to look at him.
what’s her name?
“The last time?” Tony repeated eagerly. He had always wanted a big pack, and he wanted his soulmates’ soulmates to be part of it.
I don’t know what you mean.
A man is standing in the middle of an open archery range, a quiver of arrows strapped to his back and a bow in his hand. A basketball is sitting at his feet. It is obvious he has been training for a while, sweat creating a sheen across his forehead and making his tight purple t-shirt cling to broad shoulders.
Literally.
You’re the one that brought it up!
I don’t know any of you people.
u have a kid?
“I don’t know what you mean,” Natasha replied.
that reminds me
*le gasp* Nat’s showing emotion!!!
It only became a problem when he went to MIT and had to stay in the dorms.
“His doctor,” Rhodey replied.)
He tried to climb onto the couch with Pyziedot, but didn’t fit, so he pushed her off. She glared at him and jumped on his back in retaliation. The two scuffled for a few seconds before settling down in a tangle of limbs.
“Couldn’t sleep.” Clint cuddled into Tony’s chest. “Jumpy. Didn’t feel safe in the living room.”
“You could have woke me up,” Steve said. “I wasn’t that hurt.”
Tony drew up the specs for Clint’s new hearing aids, then began to work. The work was extremely delicate and he soon became so absorbed in it that he didn’t notice the inside of his right wrist burning.
“I did not volunteer,” he grumbled. “You tricked me into helping.”
anyway
“He’s the youngest one in a long time.” Sarah waved at Steve, motioning for him to come in.
now for the moment of truth
Stevie was right, Tony. you are a nerd.
i think so too, Sam. but who could it be?
Talula is a Mexican Redleg Tarantula.
HERE ARE THE ASSIGNMENTS!!
He knew that he someone needed to talk to Steve about this, but he didn’t think it should be him. After all, he wasn’t known to be the most sensitive person in the world.
“Why wouldn’t I have?” Tony asked, pressing a kiss to Steve’s cheek.
Shut the hell up.
“Don’t worry,” Clint said. “He’s nice most of the time.”
Steve grinned. “Of course I did. Who do you take me for?”
Tony nodded and took a bite of his sandwich. His eyes widened. “This is so good!” he said.
“It’s alright,” Steve replied with a smile. “You can cuddle me anytime you want.”
bruce called Talula a ‘thing’
Steve had never felt safer.
“Someone chose your-”
Charles smiled at his enthusiasm. “Really.” He unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt to show the light blue spiral nestled in the hollow of his throat. “This one,” he said, tapping it.
YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!
“Not ones this big.”
When Bucky had told him that people usually ended up with a soulmate of the gender they prefer, Steve had told him straight out that he didn’t care whether his was male or female.
the man asked, peering at him from over his purple tinted sunglasses. “I was watching you when you were out in that field.”
Steve smiled, shifting the boxes into one arm and shaking his hand with the other. “Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you.”
Hey! I was distracted!
Pyziedot huffed.
“At least it’s a compliment,” said Becca as she leaned against his back, wrapping her arms around his neck in a hug. “It could be worse.”
“Come on,” Tony said, following the others. “You need to meet the others.”
Sam eyed him, then said, “I might be overstepping too, but maybe you should tell him that.”
“Nuh uh,” Tony said. “You don’t get to say that. You don’t get to decide how hurt you are.”
Bruce examined him for a moment. “You really like him, don’t you?”
Someone tell Tony to lock his son’s pet’s cage.
“You have that one too!” Tony signed excitedly before pulling his t-shirt up to reveal the same design on his ribs.
Skirrels?
“You didn’t even do anything,” Steve said, swatting the back of his head. “I’m the one that put everything away.”
There was a pause before Natasha said, “I can’t believe I didn’t notice.”
wanna go on a date?
Natasha, Bruce, Sam, and their respective dragons entered the room and the dragons jumped onto the pile on the floor. Bruce took up residence in his armchair, Natasha perched on the back of it, and Sam flopped onto the last couch. Steve tentatively sat down next to Tony, glancing at Yzzial every few seconds.
“Well, what do they say, Becks?” Bucky had asked apprehensively.
Steve liked to say Bucky was crazy. Bucky’s wings were gorgeous, but Steve’s weren’t.
Just as Steve began to get twitchy, Sam said, “Want to go somewhere there’s less people? They’re making me edgy.”
Steve pulled his wings behind his back as Tony walked into his room.
The next time Tony woke up, he felt like he was overheating. He turned his head and the reason made itself very apparent very quickly. Clint was wrapped around him like a second skin, completely passed out.
He still couldn’t figure it out.
not surprising. everyone does
“Oh, Steve,” Tony murmured. He resolved to talk to Steve when he woke up, but until then, he would straighten out the feathers that were still there.
The best part? She was his.
why do you guys get all the fun?
The guy’s eyes widened in surprise. “Yeah, I do.”
It wasn’t that hard to figure out which of his marks Pepper was.
“Hey, look at me,” Tony said sternly. Yzzial lifted his head but refused to meet his eyes. “Do you know what Steve is going to say when he wakes up?” Yzzial shook his head. “He’s going to apologise to you for not getting there quick enough to stop that.” Tony pointed to the thick bandage wrapped around Yzzial’s tail.
“What’s up?” Tony asked, running his fingers through Steve’s feathers.
Things were going well in Steve’s eyes. Tony was easy to get along with once you got used to his constant stream of quips that were mixed with a healthy dose of flirting. Tony didn’t seem to mind him being there either.
“Don’t leave,” Steve whispered shakily, gripping his shirt. “Please don’t leave.”
Yinsen was a walking warning, cautioning people to do as the Ten Rings told them to do.
“Are you sure?” Sarah asked. “It can’t be that comfortable.”
