He wonders what Sherlock thinks of all this. Of John running away (because that’s what he’s doing really, isn’t it?). Does he care? Sherlock notices him more now, even in the middle of cases. He will have noticed. Will he think that John is rejecting his friendship? John isn’t an idiot. He’s aware that Sherlock has real feelings that can be hurt, no matter how hard he tries to hide them from everyone. John doesn’t want to hurt him. He’d never, ever leave him, but he’s not sure if Sherlock knows that or not. He doesn’t think that Sherlock’s ever had someone who loved him that much. He’s not entirely convinced that Sherlock’s even been loved at all. John just wants him to feel loved, to feel positive emotion, not the spiteful jealousy he gets from certain Yarders. He wants to fill him with so much love that it makes him feel like he’ll burst.
It sounds so simple and insignificant, put like that. Without John, he would still have managed, would have found out the necessary information on his own, escaped Mycroft’s meddling on his own. But with John, everything has been smoother. Easier to accept. John has soothed his headaches and explained everything to him and simply
“What you just did,” he says between kisses, “at the cottage, after you left me in the shower, I imagined that you didn’t stop. That you did that to me instead.”
“Okay,” John says. “I realise that you and your wolf don’t have the best relationship. But you need to be able to connect with it to change. So, tell me. Where is the moon?”
Sherlock isn’t getting the message. He’ll be more obvious. John leaps on Sherlock and tackles him to the ground.
How can this one simple thing — just a little touch — make him feel so relaxed, so good? Is it the same for everyone else? Would it be the same if it was someone other than John? He thinks not. Part of what makes this good is the fact that this is John.
John moves, crawls up onto the sofa and lies over Sherlock. Sherlock wraps his arms around him, feels the tension in his body. He slowly rubs his hands over John’s back. John gradually, minutely relaxes, until Sherlock’s hands have eased the pains of the past enough for him to continue. He murmurs against Sherlock’s neck.
He jumps down from the sofa, stretching his joints out. When he goes through to his bedroom he finds that it smells strongly of his human scent.
It’s fully dark. The moon has begun to rise. Sherlock’s wolf can feel it; it’s been pacing for hours now. John has dinner bubbling away on the stove. How can he stay so calm? Sherlock’s wolf is making him so frantic that he’s been tugging at his hair. He hates this on-edge feeling. John washes his hands and turns off the tap with a decisive twist.
. When Sherlock reaches him, he drops to his knees and grabs Sherlock's hips, pressing his mouth open and wet against the bulge in his trousers.
He doesn’t feel guilty about initiating cuddles or hair stroking. It’s clear that Sherlock enjoys them. But the problem with close, gently physical contact with someone he lo— someone he likes very much is that it’s just too tied up with sex in his mind. Sex and relationships. Which Sherlock has made very clear he does not do. And even if the shower was a sign that Sherlock wants sex (which blows John’s mind just a little, because he’s never been like that) John still can’t do just that. He can’t just have a quick fuck with Sherlock, then carry on as if nothing’s happened. He’s already in too deep for that. So, no. They don’t want the same things.
“It’s not… There’s no—” John sighs and searches for a way to explain it. “You pay no attention to your feet, normally. But if you stay very still and focus on them, you can suddenly feel the soles in a way you didn’t before.”
John settles down on his side and pulls the covers up over him. He’s exhausted. He won’t be able to resist the lull of sleep now that he’s lying down. Sherlock burrows under the covers and curls up in a tight, warm ball, pressed against John’s chest and stomach. Perfect. John’s hand slides into his fur and strokes him slowly, sleepily, and that’s more perfect still.
John, who caught himself mid-stumble, can only watch as Sherlock prowls towards him, slowly shedding his shirt like the male model in a perfume ad. His mouth fills with saliva. Fuck, Sherlock is gorgeous and he wants to
Regretfully, he pulls away from Sherlock’s beautiful lips, but keeps hold of his hand. The paramedics check them over, efficiently, but not quickly enough. He’s practically bouncing in his seat, eager to get Sherlock home, kiss the gorgeous, ridiculous man until he can’t breathe, and then take him to bed. Finally, they’re pronounced well, excepting bruising, and mild dehydration for Sherlock, and shown to one of Mycroft’s many sleek black cars. The driver already knows where they’re headed.
“Correct,” says John. He looks pleased with himself. “I noticed the cheesemonger’s had proper Scotch whisky on the back shelf and I thought I’d get us something nice. A treat.”
John must have been trying to get his attention for a while. He lets John tug him over to the armchairs by the fire. They sit down, choosing the chairs on the same sides as their own in Baker Street.
He finds Sherlock almost immediately. He’s standing halfway up the hill, looking out to sea, in only thin pyjamas and a silky dressing gown. He’s barefoot.
John is crouching down. He has a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. The wolf takes a step forward to sniff at him. John: safe, friend, packmate. The wolf calms. Sherlock calms.
Slowly, ever so slowly, Sherlock slides his lips down the length of John’s cock. John’s hand, resting warm on Sherlock’s shoulder, grips in time with his soft, shaky moan. Sherlock would smile if his mouth weren’t full. He loves taking John apart piece by piece, doing all the right things to make him gasp and groan and tremble. He loves the clean-sweat-arousal smell when he’s here nose deep in John’s groin, the unique scent that reminds him every time how lucky they are to be here and together.
They don’t get any better at it. Sherlock sneaks out repeatedly and soon misses lunch every day. Then he begins skipping lessons, especially those on higher floors. He quickly discovers that lessons are even more mind numbing without Nyx perching as a bird on the windowsill, sending him knowing glances and speaking to him in a way only he hears and understands. The headmaster’s office becomes almost his second home, with constant warnings. That’s all right though, because the headmaster’s office is on the ground floor, and through the windows behind the headmaster’s chair he can see Nyx’s dark form rustling the bushes.
Sherlock chuckles and kisses him again. His hand still works slowly on John’s cock. “Do you ever think about anything but sex?” he asks against John’s lips.
John goes to buy some candles after that, just in case the storm knocks the power out. The way the owner said ‘you and your friend’ had implied more. John is well used to that tone of voice being employed when it comes to him and Sherlock. He just lets it wash over him now. He’s stopped insisting that he’s not gay — people will assume what they want to anyway. He knows that he and Sherlock only bring it upon themselves. They’re inseparable; they live together, work together, spend their free time together. John knows married couples who spend less time around each other. It’s no wonder everyone assumes they’re a couple. He doesn’t think about how things would be if they were right. Sherlock is married to his work, so it’s an impossibility.
“Or one could argue that Sherlock is a fully grown man who is able to accept and adapt to this change, like all the other people who have had to.”
John doesn’t relax once they’re in the park. It’s closed, so they don’t have to worry about humans, but if John has discovered this way in, other Weres probably have too. Sherlock sniffs at the nearby trees and bushes, trying to pick up another pack’s scent. Nothing.
John drags himself away from Sherlock, equally annoyed at the disturbance and excited that he can now get Sherlock upstairs and have his way with him. His cock is already semi-interested just from the snogging, and from the tightness of Sherlock’s trousers, his is too.
And then it’s the first night of the change. John has warned him to allow his wolf more control, that his instincts will prove more important in London than at a cottage in the middle of nowhere. Sherlock will do his best to heed his advice, but he finds the skill of relinquishing control a tough one to master.
He spares a strangely clear thought for his hands, manacled above him, feeling so far away, no longer part of him. Are they clenching? Can they still move? (
He’s been keeping his thoughts steadily away from anything related to Sherlock’s beauty, or his attractiveness, or his sex appeal for ages. John can keep it in his pants when he needs to. He might not have admitted it to himself, but he’s been avoiding thoughts like that. He knows they’re really good mates. Best friends.
“I got my first Bunsen burner at eight, but creating fire by hand with wood and paper always seemed more appealing than opening a tap.”
“Yes sir,” John says, giving half a salute but more concerned with shoving his jeans and pants down and kicking them away. His cock is free now. Thank fuck for that, things were getting just a little tight down there.
“Let’s go out earlier tonight,” John says downstairs, as Sherlock pokes the fire into life. “It’ll be darker sooner. Are you okay with staying out a bit longer?”
“I know you want to,” Sherlock says, and he finally opens the door between the bathroom and his bedroom, sending John tumbling through. “When you saw how flexible I was you imagined all the different ways you could have me. And trust me, John, if you warm me up enough I’ll be even more flexible than that.”
“I’m going out for a walk,” he tells Sherlock. “Text Lestrade and see if he’s got anything for you to do.”
“You heal slightly quicker in wolf form,” John explains. “Unless it’s a… complex injury.” He has that faraway look that he gets when he’s remembering Afghanistan.
In bed they reach for each other and push the covers down with their feet. They kiss slowly to start with, a warm up. Sherlock skates his hands over every part of John’s bare skin that he can reach. John’s attentions are more focused: Sherlock’s neck, his nipples, a firm hand running down his stomach to rub his growing erection. Sherlock takes his hand and places on his arse. He slots their legs together and presses close and for several minutes they rock lazily together, kisses growing deeper and more heated by the second.
that stuff — he told John so right at the start. What happened in the shower was… an exception. A hot, wet, sexy exception, but—
He doesn’t know if this realisation has narrowed or expanded his choices. He wasn’t going to leave Baker Street, but can he continue to live there now that he knows he’s in love with his flatmate? Especially now that they’re confused about their relationship. It seems like he has two options now: stay as close to Sherlock as he can, but suffer the heartbreak of loving someone he can’t have; or try and start a relationship with Sherlock, an attempt that would probably end in rejection and heartbreak and never being able to be the same with Sherlock again. Both outcomes seem awful.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen them before, but there’s something…” He grapples with the sensation of presque vu for a few more moments, but fails to grasp at it. With a sigh of frustration he hands the tablet back to Mycroft. “And the vehicle?” he asks. “Have you traced it?”
Hands steady, gun raised. John’s bullet slices through the third man’s newspaper. They all jump in surprise. Sherlock stirs and makes a muffled, groggy sound. Then the men are on their feet, at least two guns out, all shouting at once. Under the cover of their noise John dashes away from where he was standing, away from Sherlock. He doesn’t want to put him in the line of fire.
Sherlock thinks he understands why. He realised a long time ago that Nyx is his soul. He’s never understood these people talking about their souls on the inside, with their hearts, when his is so obviously on the outside. And now he realises that he and Nyx are in even deeper than he thought they were; he realises that his soul speaks to John.
He kneels down beside Sherlock and carefully peels off the dressing. John wants him to do more to accept his wolf, but he’s not risking all his mental faculties turning animalistic. This will have to be enough for now.
“Do you think Mycroft’s men are in Scotland yet?” he asks Sherlock cheerily as he leaves the office.
. And even if he were, Sherlock would be his last choice of partner. He’s a freak. He’s too much. Nobody wants to spend time with him. It’s already a small miracle that John does, so there’s no chance he could put up with something more than friendship. Sherlock will keep his mouth shut to protect the miracle that is John freely associating with him. He won’t scare him off.
He waits and waits and waits for John to wake up, and eventually he shifts, with a quiet murmur. Sherlock is instantly fully alert, his hand grabbing onto John’s tighter, leaning forwards in his chair. He says his name.
Sometimes he thinks that Clara would make a good therapist. They sit quietly together, drinking tea. It doesn’t feel like Clara wants an explanation from him, which is probably why he starts one.
His joints aren’t meant to make that sound. Sherlock drops to his hands and knees and opens his eyes, and his hands are paws. His mind is slipping back, submerging into the wolf mind. He’s panicking. John told him about this, it’s normal, but it feels awful.
“I was tracking vehicles most of the night. But there’s not much progress. We ruled out some of the possibilities, but we have no definite answers yet.”
Sticking close to each other, hands on back and arms, they stumble into 221 and upstairs to the flat. As soon as the door is closed John crowds Sherlock up against it, leaning up to kiss him again. His blood is thrumming through his veins. He nips at Sherlock’s bottom lip and steps in closer, pressing their bodies flush together, rocks his hips against Sherlock’s, but the angle isn’t quite good enough for both of them.
Mycroft has a way of looking at people that makes it seem like he knows ten times what he’s letting on.
Sherlock pushes the door shut and they both change back. Each time it’s easier and slightly less painful. But once he’s back in human form they both immediately start shivering — they didn’t light a fire today and the damp, chilly wind has been blowing through the house for the past two hours. Sherlock’s teeth chatter. So do John’s.
Or tries to say, but what he hears come out of his mouth is more of a garbled moan. The pressure of the hand disappears. He forces his eyes open. The room is thankfully dimly lit. Hospital. No, private hospital. Clinic? Mycroft’s doing. His whole body aches, his side is throbbing.
As they eat, he curiously finds himself looking forward to the change, and not for any ulterior motive. Quite simply he wants to change, wants the private, open space here to run around and play with John, his friend, packmate, lover.
He’d been hoping to change back in his sleep, but this is a point John won’t budge on, he can tell. Fine. He hushes his wolf, concentrates hard on what it feels like to be human. The change is easier every time.
John leaps back on Sherlock and for a while they tumble around together in the shallows. Distantly Sherlock thinks that he’s never had so much fun with a packmate before. Has he even had a packmate?
Sherlock takes a bite from his apple and retreats back to the living room, looking at his watch. He sighs. “Time is crawling today.”
They step out. For a moment they just stand, side by side. A gentle breeze ruffles their fur. Interesting smells tickle their noses. The smoke of a faraway bonfire, carried by the wind. The salty scent of the sea. Moisture in the air. The sweet breath of the grass.
Sherlock didn’t let him have his fun tonight. John considers leaving to run by himself, properly, but his human steps in and stops that thought.
“Yeah,” John says. “It was about a week and a half after the full moon. I didn’t know that until later, though. It was an ambush. I can’t think why; territorial instinct, maybe, or they’d been bought out by the insurgents. But we were attacked. They had it planned. The wolves came at us, and then in the confusion we were shot at. Picked off.”
He pulls up, focuses his attentions on the head of John’s cock, his hand sliding around to work the rest of his shaft. John will be getting closer and closer with each passing second, so he takes it slowly. His hand slides smoothly up, slowly back down. His tongue laps, soft, gentle sweeps. The sharp taste of precum on his tongue and the sound of John’s moans are his reward, his praise. He
Sherlock just turns his head on the pillow and gives John a look that says he knows exactly how much of a dick John can be. He’d be offended if it weren’t true.
Sherlock peeks out from behind the heavy curtain just as his pursuers run past. Good. His wolf relaxes — he hadn’t realised quite how tense they’d both been. He sits down against the wall and switches his phone off. There’s a gap here in the plasterboard wall where the throwaway phone is stored. He pulls it out. He’s memorised John’s number.
John forces himself not to clench his fist. Mycroft is a fucking nosey busybody. At least now he knows where he stands.
John slides a finger down Sherlock's cheek, smiling to himself. Sherlock cracks open one eye, does one of his quick-take-up-and-down observations.
John stands in the doorway looking at Sherlock, amused. Sherlock’s tail wags slowly against the floor.
The wolf to the right of the leader leaps for him first, catching him unawares. He fights back, takes a few scratches, but then he’s knocked down by another. He scrambles up.
Sherlock shuts up. That’s never worked before. John can practically feel the cold radiating from Sherlock’s feet. He shuffles down in the bed a bit (Sherlock is a lanky git) and puts his own warm feet over Sherlock’s icy ones.
He loves John’s laugh. He wonders if he can get away with licking John’s cheek too, but decides it might be too obvious. Instead he clambers around the sofa, trying and failing to get comfortable in John’s lap.
But John is pleasantly surprised when he gets back from the shop to see that Sherlock is still on the sofa — until he realises that Sherlock is curled in the foetal position, with his arms bracketing his head and squeezing like they’re keeping his skull from splitting open.
He kisses him firmly, then leaps out of bed, too excited to stay still. The cottage! Space to run free, just the two of them. This is an excellent idea, so much better than a change in London. The secret cave. The bees. He can’t wait.
“The wolf didn’t come out of nowhere. It came out of Thomas Finchley. He was the wolf. You thought I wouldn’t have all the necessary data because people like him are rare. Society barely talks about them. Their kind keep to themselves. It’s the kind of useless information I’d delete. But it was buried deep in my mind palace.”
“I’m okay, Sherlock, he missed,” John says. He wishes he could feel as calm as he sounds. Goddammit, he needs to
When he wakes, the room has darkened slightly. It’s already late afternoon, and the sun is just beginning to set. Sherlock is looking at him.
“When I was first bitten,” Sherlock says, feeling his way, “it was… disorientating. It felt like I was drunk. I didn’t like it.”
Mycroft doesn’t know about this place. He bolts the door. No one knows about this place except Sherlock. An empty back-alley-entrance flat, dingy and shabby, but perfect as a hideout. He has a few disguises stashed here, an untraceable pay-as-you-go phone. He used to keep drugs here, but that was before John.
His wolf approves of John coming in here. Their scents start to mingle in Sherlock’s den, which is perfect, just right. John sits on the bed, arranges the pillows, props himself up against the headboard. Sherlock is comfy, but he has to get up now because John is being ridiculous. He drags the covers back with his teeth and looks expectantly at John.
John doesn’t lift his head from Sherlock’s shoulder, but Sherlock feels his cheek move in a smile. “You were perfect,” he replies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KaYzgofHjc is where you can hear the version of Bach's Partita No. 2 that I listened to on repeat while writing and editing this chapter.
. He turns and walks to the door and Sherlock follows, stumbling. But by the time he reaches John, his legs are working properly. John noses the door open. Outside! Sherlock craves open space.
“That wolf is still trying to get into my mind palace. My head is going to fall apart,” Sherlock replies.
Wolf John doesn’t care. He’s getting sick of trying to tease Sherlock away from his human’s control. He nudges Sherlock back to the cottage. They didn’t get far, anyway.
Sherlock nods, then winces. “Get me something for my head. Please.” Pleases make John more amenable.
Sherlock wakes slowly, feeling warm and safe, something he hasn’t felt at all for the past few days. For a few moments he keeps his eyes closed and basks in it. His wolf, who has been in a state of nervous agitation since he was taken, is sprawled on its back, pleased to be home with its packmate.
Mycroft would have run a background check on John when he came into Sherlock’s life. John’s attack must have already happened, in Afghanistan, or possibly very shortly after he arrived in London. He wasn’t born this way. Mycroft said that some people become suicidal once changed. Now that Sherlock knows what he knows, Mycroft’s look and John’s anger speak volumes. It may be better not to bring up John’s attack. Too many messy emotions.
already, which must be coming from his wolf. Following that, another emotion, unfamiliar to him. What if he can’t do anything? He has to surrender control over his body. Over his mind, to an extent. This emotion is fear.
Sherlock looks up. The moon is still visible in the early morning sky. It’s only the thinnest whisker away from full.
It is a normal, quiet night at Baker Street. Sherlock sits in his armchair with his eyes closed and his hands steepled, decluttering his mind palace. In the background, a nature documentary plays on TV at a low volume, and laptop keys clatter as John types up his latest blog post in the armchair opposite.
"I don't feel like you're involved," he manages. He begins to explain himself more, certain that that won't suffice, but then John is turning over and placing a finger over his lips.
“I don’t know what you want, John!” Sherlock exclaims suddenly. “You initiate and then you pull away, and it’s all so unnecessarily confusing!”
John continues. “I enjoyed last night. That was probably the most fun change I’ve had since I was first bitten. It really makes a difference having a friend with you.”
Sherlock sits up and looks at John. He sees a flash of him wet and naked and wanting. He contemplates saying something. But maybe this will resolve itself naturally. He can’t imagine them apart. That won’t happen.
“To… to… I don’t know, manipulate me somehow! If this is real, what have you been doing to find him?
They sneak back to the flat. Once, they hear a shout of surprise, but they run to hide in the next alley, and no one comes. In the shed, John changes back into human form and collects Sherlock’s clothes. They wait together for a few minutes before going onto Baker Street. John’s hand is steady on Sherlock’s back.
“I propose that Sherlock be moved to a centre where this process can be facilitated. He will be monitored, and any issues will be addressed by the best doctors and psychologists in the country.”
much of a challenge. And it’s totally worth it for Sherlock's squeak of surprise which he’ll later insist he didn’t make. He carries Sherlock to the bathroom and deposits him unceremoniously on the edge of the tub. He’s pleased to note that Sherlock's cheeks are slightly flushed; maybe his embarrassment will stop him from acting like such a child.
“When I retire that’s what I’ll do. I’ll keep bees and study them. And you can grow flowers for them, and we’ll do experiments on the effects of different kinds of flowers on the taste of honey.”
After dinner, Harry demands to know what progress he’s made in his thinking. She’s like him in that way; she requires action.
They don’t stop until they reach the gap in the railings. There’s no one — wolf or human — here. Outside the park is a world of caution before they can get home, but here, for the moment, is safe. John has blood on his face. He steps in to look more closely, then gently, carefully, licks the blood away, runs his tongue over the cuts, caring and healing. John leans against him for just a moment, energy spent.
Sherlock turns — steadier now — and makes his way down the alley towards the main road. John hurries after him.
Another memory. Feeling uncoordinated, off-balance. As if he’d been drugged. His arms are clean, now, and there’s no dressing on his neck, no sign of injection. But he can’t have been drugged via the wolf’s bite. Some piece of knowledge is knocking deep within his mind palace. Something else is scratching at the windows. He must know what happened, but he can’t recall it. And what is this presence outside his mind palace, trying to get in?
Their delivery driver comes and Sherlock goes downstairs to fetch it, simply to get a closer look at him, and comes upstairs telling John about his three, possibly four, cats and his ageing mother. John eats and Sherlock eats his dumplings and then John’s too. Sherlock is in the calmest and happiest mood he has been in since his attack, John thinks. It’s nice to see. He’s obviously decided to put everything aside for this evening and his head seems not to be bothering him as much.
Mycroft steps inside and opens his mouth, about to speak, but decides not to battle with Sherlock’s violin. He sits down opposite Sherlock, instead, and waits patiently for his tea before he begins. Irritated that Mycroft has chosen to sit in John’s chair without being invited to, Sherlock keeps up the screeches and wails on his violin.
The wolf seems satisfied with the run. Sherlock starts to look around at where he is, then decides to trust the wolf to navigate him home. He glances at his watch. He’s been running for longer than he expected, but he’s only just beginning to feel fatigued. The extra stamina the wolf brings is very welcome.
“I’m not human when I’m… when I’m.” Sherlock starts brushing his teeth hard, apparently angry at himself for tripping over his words. John waits. He spits. “When I’m a wolf.”
people here, two… three… four in total. One is the other scent he picked up at the depot, one is… Sherlock! John’s tail gives a wag before he stills it. The other two he can’t identify — but wait. These aren’t ordinary people. All the people here are Weres, in human form, luckily, or they would have scented John by now. He pads back to the stairwell to consider his next move.
John has beer, brewed locally. Sherlock, who has never quite understood drinking alcohol for the sake of it, orders a fruit juice. He accepts that hydration is important for the correct functioning of his brain.
Sherlock eats quietly, distracting himself with one of the journals. He doesn’t scoff at it like he usually does, which either means that it’s a very, very good article, or that Sherlock isn’t feeling at all himself. As much as John would like to think it’s the former, he knows it’s the latter. He knows just how much becoming a Were — especially the first real change — can fuck with your sense of self.
John smiles. “The wolf is you. It doesn’t go to sleep unless you go to sleep. It must just be tired of trying to break down that door.”
John leans in very slowly, his eyes flicking from Sherlock’s eyes to his lips and then back to his eyes, always checking. Sherlock knows exactly what’s about to happen, but at the same time, he doesn't have a clue.
He texts Mycroft with a few details and the partial number plate. Then he continues watching the remaining videos. These men are organised. They wouldn’t have chosen the depot without scouting it out first.
John is pleased that his changes are coming with more ease now. That can only be a good sign. John changes after him and together they pace out of the door.
Sherlock’s hands are bound behind his back. His ankles are tied, too. The knots are good, and John has to borrow a knife to get through them. He eases Sherlock up. His legs are weak after sitting for so long. John helps him upstairs and through the lobby. Outside, there’s a private ambulance waiting. John demands to check Sherlock over himself, but instead he’s sat down and given a shock blanket. He reaches for Sherlock’s hand and squeezes it gently.
John obliges him, sliding down over his cock again. After a few brushes of his prostate he is rocking onto John’s finger. “More,” he moans.
John said that London isn’t the best place for Weres. There are too many violent foreign packs to bump into. John was attacked, although his neck is healing well. It’s clear that he doesn’t want Sherlock’s first change to be in London, but he doesn’t seem to have any other plans.
As quickly and quietly as possible, he strips and changes into wolf form. His wolf is delighted at being let out, having been tense and alert since John found the note. His packmate has been threatened. If these people dare make good on their threat, he’ll rip their throats out. More silently than he’s capable of in human form, John paces forwards to the doorway. He sniffs the air carefully. There
Bacon, eggs and toast as a first course. He once didn’t have enough food in after a change and suffered all the way to the nearest café. But that was before he met Sherlock, of course. Things were harder then.
“I’d like to see you play at a concert, with an orchestra. I bet you’d command the whole stage, just like you do a crime scene.”
He can’t find any other words. His heart is aching. John surrenders to his attentions, lets himself be held and kissed and comforted. Eventually the remaining tension in his body leaches away, and the pain in his eyes clears.
They go to the bathroom and Sherlock undoes his shirt and pulls it off. He perches himself on the side of the bath while John washes his hands.
They look at each other for a moment, then Sherlock twists to the side and darts away. John chases after him and tumbles over Sherlock when he suddenly pulls up short. What’s that? A human scent. It smells like him, but not like him. Sherlock puts his nose to the ground and follows it.
He switches off the phone and puts it back in its hiding place. He’ll wait them out for a while, and hope that the agents watching the Baker Street flat lower their guard a little with time.
John is sure he couldn’t be any more turned on than this. “So you’re coming around to the idea of slow and steady then?” he asks, not so steadily.
Sherlock seems put out over breakfast. John wonders if it’s because he woke up alone, or if it’s because they’re back to normal life now and there are no cases. He can’t seem to process the idea that Sherlock
“You’re exhausted. You haven’t slept since… Wednesday night. It is Friday, isn’t it? Or is it Saturday now?” Sherlock cranes his head to peer at the clock. “Anyway. You’re too tired to, uh, continue previous activities, which is perfect, because I am too. Which isn’t to say that I don’t want to continue them. I would. Don’t take this as—”
Into the cottage, up the stairs. The bed sheets have been washed since their last stay, of course. They smell wrong, chemical, floral. Sherlock jumps up onto the bed, sniffing. Not acceptable. He rolls around, covering the sheets in his scent. John jumps up and does the same. There. Much better. The bed smells of them now, their combined scent. Sherlock walks a few circles and curls up. John flops down next to him, licks at Sherlock’s ears, grooming him. Sherlock’s eyes close. The attention from his packmate is making him sleepy.
Sherlock lifts up slightly and slides back down with a small throaty noise. John's hands slide up his thighs, knees to hips, and grip there. He doesn’t try to control (when could he ever control Sherlock?), he lets Sherlock set the pace, follow through with his intention to drive John crazy.
John is so shocked that he completely forgets to react. A split second later, Sherlock is pulling away. John has never seen him look so young, so unsure, so nervous, so vulnerable.
for both of them and they’re pelting along the finishing stretch. Months and months and years of silently simmering attraction finally boiling over.
Then Sherlock starts boarding school, and soon after hits maturity. He quickly learns to sneak out of the dining hall at lunchtime, after three hours of lessons on the third floor. He holds Nyx tight to him, clings, and hisses angrily at her. Why did you have to settle like this? Why did you choose this form? Change into a bird again! Nyx tells him calmly that it hurts her just as much to stay on the ground, skulking where she won’t be found and chased off by the groundskeeper.
Sherlock frowns, but tips his head to look up at the night sky. There stars are beautiful, so much clearer than in London. There are a few thin clouds streaked here and there across the sky, but no moon.
Sherlock crosses the room then, to the bed, to John. He proceeds to ignore all spare space on the bed and lies down almost directly on top of John, head resting on his shoulder. (John does nothing to stop him.) Sherlock breathes out a sigh against his neck. John feels an instant concern (panic) that certain parts of his body will start getting interested. He shifts a little.
John pauses behind a concrete pillar. The sound of the radio is coming from the next room, but he can’t hear anything else. In one quick move he spins off the pillar and into the room, gun raised. Empty. Just some builders who forgot to turn their radio off. He heads back outside.
“Sherlock has a lot of control over himself in wolf form,” John says. “He wouldn’t lash out at me any more than he would in human form. This isn’t helping. It might not have anything to do with him being a Were.”
“Wolf quieter now?” John asks. His eyes flick down to Sherlock’s lips. His hands roam over his back.
Sherlock takes his tea with him to the bathroom. John sighs. He’ll probably find that mug tucked away in a corner in a couple of weeks. By smell, when it starts growing mould.
The paramedic clears his throat. “Gentlemen, if you’re quite done, I can check you over and let you go home.”
His human side prompts him that he needs to treat Sherlock carefully. His wolf doesn’t care about careful; he just needs his packmate to not be sad. He moves over to Sherlock and leans down to nudge him with his nose. No response. He hardly flicks an ear. He whines at Sherlock,
John gets his laptop and spends the rest of the morning on it. After lunch (and force-feeding Sherlock a sandwich) he moves onto Sherlock’s bookshelves, pulling out maps and guidebooks from old cases. He’s planning something.
“Slow down all your human thoughts. Don’t pull that face at me, Sherlock Holmes, just try. Your wolf will be desperate to change, so it won’t be hard to find it.”
Mycroft is an irritating buzz in Sherlock’s head. How many hours has Sherlock been in bed now? How many hours has he been sleeping? If he can’t go home soon — very soon — something is going to get broken. Probably Mycroft’s nose.
He hangs up. He won’t risk calling John from the same number again, in case Mycroft is monitoring John’s incoming calls. It’s good that John recalled Stargazing unprompted. It was Sherlock’s concept, but John named it, a poke at Sherlock’s lack of astronomical knowledge.
He pulls at Sherlock and Sherlock rolls a little closer. John draws Sherlock’s arm over his waist and rearranges them until he’s comfortable. Sherlock relaxes. His head has gone quiet again. It’s...nice. He thinks he could get used to this.
Three weeks pass. There are some cases, just small ones, just enough to stave off Sherlock’s boredom. Mycroft visits to check on Sherlock after the kidnapping, and leaves smiling slightly to himself after seeing the two of them together. Most of the time they spend curled up together in Sherlock’s bed. He’s never laughed so much. It’s lovely. Cases are stimulating, and John enjoys them too, but Sherlock’s bedroom is best, a bubble around them separating them from the outside world, a warm cocoon where they can just be Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock.
They sit in a back corner. The pub is small, dark in a cosy sort of way, and slowly filling with locals for the night. There’s an approaching chill in the air. As they sip their drinks, a staff members lights the fire. Sherlock is warm and his wolf is calm. The day after tomorrow he’ll be changing into wolf form.
Oh, Christ. Thomas Finchley. The Were who turned Sherlock. Who John shot straight between the eyes without hesitation. This is his
Ah. That explains it. Sherlock has never liked storms. No wonder his wolf doesn’t either. In London they’re muffled by the constant noise of traffic, made more bearable by the comfortable press of flats and buildings surrounding him. Here, though…
Sherlock sighs and stares into the depths of his whisky as if it will tell him the secrets of not having to change tonight. John moves back behind him and continues to work on his hair. He’s almost got all the knots out. He thinks this will be easier not face-to-face. Where does he start?
… But John has always been one for a challenge, so he wraps a hand around the base of Sherlock's cock, cautions his gag reflex not to let him down, and swallows as much of Sherlock's dick as he can manage. Sherlock's knees buckle and John would smirk if he could. He’s always been good with his mouth. And for a very long time he’s been keen to show Sherlock just how good he is. Now that he can, he’s going to make the absolute most of the opportunity.
When he emerges, freshly washed and dressed, breakfast is ready. John is calm as they eat, quietly confident about whatever’s ahead. When they’ve finished, John tells him to pack a suitcase for one week, possibly two.
Several hours later he’s finally approaching the time that Sherlock was kidnapped. He has a dreadfully stiff back, and has eaten most of a packet of biscuits.
Why didn’t he see before? John’s knowledge about Weres. From uni and Afghanistan, yes, but that was only a half truth. He’d known what to do when Sherlock was bitten. He’d known when the next full moon would be. He’d hesitated over saying that he’d looked it up. He’d laughed at Sherlock when he’d said people should notice if their friends were Weres. John had argued with Mycroft. Mycroft had implied…
Sherlock can’t hold back his grin as he slides back up John’s torso, smudging kisses as he goes. John’s hand cupped around his neck drags him in for a bruising kiss, one where Sherlock can feel the electricity of lust and the coppery tinge of desperation. A quick shuffle of limbs and a second later Sherlock is flipped onto his back, John above him.
John turns so that he can see the cuts on his face. Sherlock rests his fingers on his jaw and gently tilts his face towards the light.
A case gets dangerous. They’ve been living together for a year, or something like that. It feels like less. It feels like a lifetime. Sherlock marvels at it every day. But still he wants to confront this gang of criminals, and ignores John’s protests. Nyx protests too. They know all John can hear are the yips and barks of a regular dog. It’s too dangerous, she tells him. You can’t go, or at least not alone. Take John with you. He can take his gun. Please, Sherlock, don’t do this to us again, don’t hurt us. Sherlock brushes her objections off as well, until John says four quiet words that change Sherlock’s whole world:
Sherlock looks down blankly at his food. He picks up his toast and just stares at it. Then suddenly he drops it and bolts upstairs.
Sherlock eats approximately half the contents of the flat when he wakes up in the early afternoon. He’s astounded that he’s not the size of Mycroft. The process of changing must play around with human energy levels and metabolism. That might be an interesting premise for an experiment.
wants to plunge back down on John’s cock, choke himself and suck until he can’t breathe and John comes with a shout down his throat, but he holds himself back. Patience will be worth it, so worth it.
They move in sync through their normal bedtime routines. Laptop off, TV off. Windows closed and doors locked. Teeth brushed standing side by side in the bathroom. They undress but neither bothers with pyjamas. They both know where tonight will lead.
He understands when his room flashes bright, followed several long seconds later by a low rumble of thunder.
The wind is starting to howl along the coast when John gets back to the cottage. He puts the candles on the kitchen table and watches the trees on top of the hill swaying. Sherlock comes into the kitchen, violin in hand, and snags an apple from their small collection of fruit.
He sucks on John’s sensitive spot and wraps a hand around his cock. John gasps and pushes into his hand.
John giggles and comes over to straddle him on the sofa. “Yes, how dare I?” he says, then leans over to kiss him, and before they know it they’ve lost a good hour to snogging on the sofa.
, they could have done anything. Stayed up for hours talking and slowly winding down with a bad film? John would fall asleep and Sherlock would wake him and send him stumbling sleepily to bed so he wasn’t uncomfortable in the morning. Or they would fall into the flat, and John would praise him, and Sherlock would swallow up the praise with greedy lips on John’s, and—
Mostly nothing happens, the shots static, the only indicator that time is passing the timestamp in the corner. One or two cars pass, but John doesn’t deem them important. Sherlock was at the depot before last night.
Soon the room is dark. Sherlock has pulled off his suit jacket and thrown it to the floor. John carefully hangs it over the back of his chair and then sits on the bed beside him, leaning back against the headboard. Sherlock rolls so that his head is resting in John’s lap — just like a few days before — and makes himself as comfy as he can.
He opens the door, turns off the main light, pulls off his clothes. Sherlock follows his lead. He motions for Sherlock to change first. He doesn’t turn his back this time, just closes his eyes and tries to find his wolf. John doesn’t allow himself to look anywhere below Sherlock’s waist because they’re mates, and even when you’re standing naked in front of each other, some things should stay as private as possible. That’s what he tells himself. Really, he knows it’s because his dreams don’t need any more fuel. Sherlock is already drop dead gorgeous in them.
“You’re not, and pretty soon Lestrade will realise and either kick you off the case or drag you off for a drugs test.”
As John is coming back from the bathroom, Sherlock shifts and wakes. John’s stomach is rumbling so much that he thinks it might take off.
“Bossy.” John grins and moves back onto the bed. He uncaps the lube and adopts a more serious face. “It’s okay if you don’t like it. Some people don’t. Just tell me to stop at any time and I will.”
Sherlock doesn’t know why, but the wolf is thinking about Mycroft. It’s true that he’s been very quiet since he picked John up from work. Unusual for him.
Specifically, when Sherlock starts school. During primary school, Nyx spends as much of her time as possible in the form of a bird, perching on the windowsills of Sherlock’s classroom. After classes, they stay out late and play. Nyx is a happy puppy, a soaring buzzard, a cheetah for Sherlock to race. They come home as the sun sets, happily exhausted and eyes shining, and Nyx changes into a little dormouse and hides in Sherlock’s pocket.
John’s room has a skylight, and he’s left it wide open, per Stargazing. Sherlock shimmies through feet first and drops down.
Until John turns around in the doorway he thought he had only said his name in his head. Apparently not. He has to push on with this then.
Sherlock starts it. He gets the distinct feeling that John has been holding back, waiting for Sherlock to make the first move. John is going to bed and it’s late and the living room is dimly lit and Sherlock feels like tonight is a night he could actually be coerced into sleeping. But thoughts of his own bed feel cold and empty in comparison to the evening he and John just spent and Sherlock thinks he knows how to fix that.
He hates everything about it. Hates the lack of drugs, hates the lack of stimulation for his brain, hates that he can’t have his violin, hates that he’s forced to attend group therapy, hates that the staff look down on him like he’s some idiot. He’s not an idiot. He’s cleverer than the lot of them put together. They think only an idiot would get addicted to drugs, but  they don’t understand the way his 7% solution speeds up his thoughts and muffles everything else and just makes the world
Relaxed, but also more alert. London isn’t like Sussex. They have to be on their guard in case there are any packs roaming around that decide to start a fight.
Mycroft doesn’t comment on the fact that John came from Sherlock’s bedroom, but Sherlock can practically hear him thinking it, even from here.
And there we have it. My eternal love and thanks to everyone who has read along, kudos'ed, commented - your support and compliments have meant so much to me!! And of course, again thanks to Emily for beta'ing, this story was drastically improved because of it!
The moment sits between them, heavy, buzzing with possibility, but comfortable. Then Sherlock wriggles his hips with a cheeky, infectious grin that John has never seen before and the moment dissolves.
John laughs softly and leans up to kiss him again. It’s incredible. How has he been missing out on this all this time?
After Lestrade leaves, he tries halfheartedly to get some sleep. He doesn’t even make it upstairs to his bed, because that would feel too final, too much like giving up. He stretches out along the sofa instead, but his thoughts won’t stop racing. What Lestrade said goes around and around in his mind. What if they find him and it’s too late? His wolf is pacing in agitated circles, irritated at his inaction. Less than an hour later, there’s another knock on the door. He gets up gratefully to answer it.
Sherlock does his best not to pout, but with his headache, and the burning desire to know all the answers, it’s hard to be patient.
Sherlock doesn’t know why John is laughing at him. He decides to increase his sulk level. Later he’ll make some changes to his mind palace. But not a kennel. A stronger door.
Sherlock hears it as clearly as if someone were shouting in his head. The wolf, noticing something. A scent.
Slowly, he moves away from the light and towards the wall on the opposite side. All his senses are on full alert. He’s sure that his footsteps must be audible, that his breathing must be loud and echoing, but no one moves until he’s three quarters of the way across the room. Then the man with the newspaper speaks up.
He continues jogging homewards, keeping his outward appearance calm. He can see them now. Three, strategically surrounding him. Backup will be waiting in a car nearby. The only cards he holds at the moment are his knowledge of London and the fact that they don’t know he’s seen them. Yet. After a quick scan of his mental map of London, he takes a sharp turn down a side street. A quick glance over his shoulder confirms that they’re openly chasing him now.
Sherlock distances himself from the other boys. His common room is on the first floor, manageable but not pleasant. He spends all his free time outside with Nyx, walking away from the school to the farthest edge of the grounds, where they won’t be seen running and play-fighting together, enjoying the time when the bond between them isn’t being constantly stretched and tested. He knows the form Nyx has settled in would frighten the other boys. He can’t tell exactly what she is but she’s some sort of wolf dog, with black shaggy fur and orange eyes. She looks fearsome. Only Sherlock gets to see her rolling on her back, wagging her tail, tongue lolling out. But those times are getting fewer.
An hour later, Sherlock throws down his violin (or since he can’t bring himself to handle it badly, sets it on the table with the tiniest amount of force). John looks up from his book.
He just can’t get enough of John, especially now, around changes. He needs him close. But John doesn’t want that. Does he? He has no way to know. He turns his pillow lengthways and sprawls across it. It’s a pitiful substitute for human comfort, but he can’t do any better. It doesn’t matter: exhausted from the night’s activities, he’s asleep in minutes.
The coils in Sherlock’s belly tighten. He’s going to explode any second now. John’s hand squeezes Sherlock’s thigh and suddenly Sherlock is lost, coming hard, thrusting fast between John’s thighs. His moan is long and low and vibrates against the skin of John’s neck. As he slowly comes down, feeling heavy and warm, John’s hand wraps around his on his cock, encouraging him to stroke faster. He pants Sherlock’s name, breathless and needy. Sherlock lifts up on one elbow, watches as John comes apart in his hand, arching back into Sherlock’s body, moaning his pleasure.
, stairs going down. He slips into the stairwell, letting the door fall gently shut behind him, and stands motionless, letting his eyes adjust to the darkness. Then he creeps down.
“And I told you you may be disappointed,” John counters. “Anyway. Your wolf is almost certainly desperate to change.”
“John!” Sherlock hisses. John’s fingers have gone still in his hair. He lifts himself up from John’s lap and shakes his shoulder. The blanket slips down to his waist.
Sherlock is engrossed in analysing the criminal underworld ties of their last case when John comes up the stairs.
John flops onto his back, panting. Sherlock cleans him up with a few tissues, then curls around him. He’s warm, happy, pliable. This is one of Sherlock’s favourite versions of John. He snuggles into him with a smile.
Sherlock looks unsure, like he does when he knows he’s overstepped some unspoken social boundary and needs John’s help finding it. John decides to shift the topic of conversation.
As he always is when it comes to Sherlock’s health, John is right. His headache is so quiet now he’d forgotten to notice it.
Sherlock flops face first onto the sofa. It’s harder for his brain to eat itself up with boredom when he’s in pain most of the time, but now that he’s reached that point, it’s twice as bad as usual.
“When we get home we’ll close the curtains in your room and make it nice and dark, okay? And if you want I’ll stroke your hair for you.”
him, if he’s alright, to just look at him and reassure him. He can’t lose him, not now. His wolf whines. What the fuck can he say?
Sherlock slides his hands down John’s back to his arse and pulls him flush against him. Wet, naked John Watson never fails to make him
“Your bed will be cold. Your bedroom will be cold too; no one’s been in it for almost twenty-four hours. You dislike being cold when you’re trying to sleep.”
Sherlock locates John’s empty mug on the coffee table and picks it up by the handle. It hangs sideways from his mouth. Lack of opposable thumbs is awkward. He trots over to John, spilling a few drops of cold tea on the carpet, and holds the mug up to him.
John bites his lip. He trusts Lestrade’s instinct. He’s seen how many times he’s been right about a gut feeling.
Sherlock hates asking what happened to him almost as much as he hates people repeating themselves. He’ll work it out himself.
A wolf in London. Something which he doesn’t have the necessary data for. Something rare. But John knows more than he’s saying. And John is worried about him finding out.
John slides the hand that isn’t still linked with Sherlock’s around the back of his neck, and draws him all the way in. Their lips meet again, and this time Sherlock isn’t too surprised to kiss back. His lips part slightly, moulding around John’s, his hand curls into John’s coat. John slides his hand up into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock makes a soft noise that he would love to hear again and again, and—
John is called the next day for a week of cover at the surgery. He accepts and strategically places a few articles about Weres (sadly lacking in much information) around the flat for Sherlock to find when he wakes up. John makes a plan to spend this week leaving everything decent he can get on Weres out for Sherlock. He can read them or not, but hopefully it’ll get him thinking about accepting his wolf. It’s been sixteen days since Sherlock’s attack. Less than half a month until his first real change. It needs to be now.
John wakes before Sherlock, the afternoon sun bright in his face. Sherlock’s head is resting on John’s shoulder. His curls tickle John’s neck. John gently dislodges him, then gets up and stretches, joints popping. He pulls on last night’s clothes. He feels refreshed, like he always does after a change these days. It clears his mind and calms his wolf, and he’s learnt to love it.
Harry sighs exaggeratedly, collapsing back against the sofa. “Fine. But you’re here for a couple of days, so rest assured I will find out your story. I’ve got to get to work.”
“Not important,” Sherlock says, dismissive. “Mycroft is downstairs. I can hear him talking to Mrs. Hudson.”
He reaches out to his wolf. He imagines being a wolf, the way he had been in his dream. So many times he feels the wolf’s mind slip past him, but can’t quite grab it. But he doesn’t like failure. He
Progress is slow. There are many busy roads to cross. Sherlock had walked a long way from home before he was attacked, probably lost in his thoughts. John wishes that a wolf in London was a more common occurrence so that he could go more quickly, but he stays cautious. The last thing he needs right now is to have animal control called on him.
“It’s my fault,” Sherlock says, sounding ridiculously proud of the fact. He slings an arm around John's shoulders and drags him down into a limp, slightly sweaty embrace.
“No one would be able to replace me without you realising instantly,” Sherlock scoffs. “I don’t have an identical twin, and you know me and my mannerisms better than anyone.”
Sherlock dries off, then flops onto the bed. His cold bed, without John. Without the heat of John’s body against his. John’s hot mouth around his finger. Fuck. Sherlock’s now limp cock is swelling again as he imagines John’s body against his, John sucking his finger, John’s cock rubbing against his. God. Sherlock slides his hand slowly down his stomach and brushes his palm up the length of his cock. His breath catches in his throat.
“Good,” John replies. He tugs the blanket off the back of the sofa and arranges it over Sherlock. Sherlock shifts around restlessly until John resumes stroking his hair.
“Don’t disagree with me,” John says firmly. “Don’t put it down as something simple or something which hundreds of people can do. To me it’s extraordinary.”
“You’re not going to leave him, are you?” Harry asks. John looks up sharply. “No, of course not, sorry,” she continues. “You’re obsessed with him.”
Sherlock's wide, dark eyes stare up at him, all pupil with only a sliver of silver. He seems to be hastily processing, cataloguing, or trying to. His stare is too hazy for it to be fully working. John starts thrusting, mirroring Sherlock's slow but steady pace from before, drinking in the sight of his genius almost short-circuited by John's cock in him. Sherlock's arms wrap around his back and clutch at him.
His voice so close to John’s ear makes all other thoughts vanish. John hesitates. Is he still being quiet, or…?
Instead they play, chase, fight. Sherlock enjoys the fighting. He’s much better at fighting in human form — he knows his body and its strengths and limitations — but he’s still learning in wolf form. Every time they fight he picks up a new trick from John, a new way of predicting his opponent’s next move. He knows John lets him win sometimes, but he’s starting to win fairly, by himself. He wonders whether John is training him up for London, for the violent packs that he mentioned, the ones he was attacked by. At least now John won’t be fighting them alone.
John leads them out of the yard and cautiously down the alley. London is so much noisier than Sussex. Traffic, roaring engines, sirens. There aren’t a lot more smells, but they’re different. Food, spices, dogs. No salt in the air, no sea. When they reach the opening of the alley, Sherlock has to pause as the sensory flood assaults his senses. John is waiting, anyway. They need to cross Baker Street. It’s late (or early), so there aren’t as many humans around, but there are still a fair number, and in cars too. John is poised, all attention focused on the road. He sees a gap, looks over his shoulder to check Sherlock is still with him and paying attention, then sprints across the road. Sherlock follows on his heels.
“That’s happening. And I’m not leaving Sherlock, but I don’t know if things will be the same if I stay. And if they’re not, will I be able to carry on?”
Sherlock keeps trying. He can feel his wolf’s desperation to change, tries to link up with that. Minutes pass by. The wolf side of his mind is getting harder and harder to snatch at. John is silent. Suddenly something catches; he can feel his wolf. He scrambles to hold onto it, and keeps it for a second, but just as quickly it slips away.
“We’re getting sticky,” John says. “It’s unpleasant. I’ll clean us up, and then we can cuddle again, okay?”
It’s an experiment, he’s decided. A constant experiment. Last night he took almost total control of his wolf, and it made him miserable, a human consciousness stuck in a wolf body that it was never meant to take complete control of. It made his wolf miserable too, able to run but trapped by the human mind that had taken over. Last night had been miserable all round (until he was allowed to touch John, and then John wanted him to stay, in his bed, and lay on Sherlock, and then his change — fascinating).
When they hear the front door downstairs close, John very, very carefully puts his mug down and stands up. His fists are clenched.
John pulls a Chinese takeaway menu from a drawer in the kitchen. He knows that Sherlock can’t resist their dumplings.
Again there’s the ball of knots in Sherlock’s stomach. But he knows he has to change tonight. He feels like he’ll explode if he doesn’t.
With no need to avoid Mycroft this time, they take the train down to Sussex, which Sherlock finds he infinitely prefers, despite the increased chance of screaming children and dimwitted members of the public. But the small, uncomfortable seats of the train allow him to sit closer to John, and John doesn’t mind when Sherlock rests his head on John’s shoulder and drifts into his mind palace to play with his energetic wolf. John even kisses Sherlock’s curls to bring him back when they arrive.
“He won’t treat you differently if you prove to him that he doesn’t have to. He just doesn’t know what to expect. Most people don’t even know when one of their friends or colleagues is a Were.”
When he goes to take John's hand they stop him. He gets angry, then he listens for long enough to realise they want him to wash the blood off his hands. He does, meticulously, John's partly dried, partly still warm blood sticking in the creases of his finger joints and under his nails and he thinks, hysterically, that it's just John's blood, and he can't infect John with his own blood.
The better John got the more frustrated Sherlock got at his own inaction. The less he had to worry about John, the more his brain started clawing at itself for something to do, some puzzle to solve. Then Lestrade brought cold case files that had been bugging the Yard for years to the hospital and Sherlock narrowed his eyes suspiciously at John, who just looked innocently happy. Sherlock is sure John had said something to Lestrade when he was out the room.
“Lestrade won’t let you back on it until I tell him to, and I’m not telling him to until you’ve sat down, eaten a full meal, and rested.”
The last is in his Captain Watson voice, which Sherlock loves unfailingly. Plus, it has the ability of making even Mycroft do as he’s told. There’s a long, silent minute in which Mycroft stares at Sherlock. His wolf takes this as an affront, and starts growling. Just before Sherlock decides to let his wolf snap, Mycroft breaks eye contact and stands.
Sherlock shrugs. When John had released his hands, he’d shifted so that he was propped up against the pillows. Now he’s looking out the window. The sea is golden with the reflection of the setting sun.
Sherlock lets his eyes roam over John’s flushed chest and growls his approval around his cock. The muscles of John’s neck stand out as he tips his head back with a long, drawn-out sound of pleasure. However much John wants them to come together, Sherlock will still tease him relentlessly, take him right to the edge. John desperate and pleading is one of his most cherished versions. And it results in an excellent outcome for both of them. So Sherlock works his mouth further down John’s cock, alternates between soft suckles and long, hard pulls. Finding what will drive John mad is his favourite game of deduction.
He’d love to stay, but he really does need to eat. He shifts away from Sherlock, who tightens his arm again with a noise of protest and wakes a bit. John gets out of bed and pulls on his dressing gown. When he turns back to the bed Sherlock is watching him, sleepy-eyed.
John smiles. Their meals arrive and John gestures at Sherlock’s. “Look, you have your own chips. You don’t have to nick mine.”
Sherlock shifts and stretches. He’s hesitant, uneasy. But — John scans the area — there’s no danger, so why? They’re fine here. Much freer than in the loud, busy city. He runs in a wide circle, then skids to a halt facing Sherlock.
“You won’t have that this time,” John says. “Your body has got used to your wolf. You’ll instinctively know what to do in wolf form. What else?”
Lestrade is there again, a presence to weigh him down as he has to fill out paperwork and answer stupid questions and then is finally, finally, told where John is. They sit outside the room together, banned from entering, and it takes Sherlock the first half hour to realise he's crying silently, tears dribbling down his face and dropping off onto his coat. He doesn't even wonder when he got so slow. His brain is just John, John, John, on repeat, like a hope, like a prayer.
“That’s good,” John replies. “That means your Were and your human side are starting to accept each other.”
When he returns, stripping off layers of clothes as he moves towards the bed, Sherlock is already curled up, facing the door. John slides into bed in his pants and curls around Sherlock’s back. It feels familiar, comforting. They did this before, at the cottage. He wraps an arm around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock lets out a deep sigh.
One man is heading for the light. He won’t have the cover of darkness for much longer. He shoots at the newspaper man, closest to Sherlock and therefore the biggest threat. A bullet to his thigh. He goes down and his cry of pain echoes through the basement. There’s the sound of clothes ripping. Shit! One of the men at the table changes, fast, blurring before John’s eyes. John doesn’t have time to get him at his most vulnerable. He’s bounding at John, snarling. His night vision will be perfect now.
With a shout, Sherlock's hips jerk and his cock pulses in John's hand, painting stripes of come between them. Just watching him is enough to tip John over the edge after him, moaning as he comes deep inside Sherlock.
John laughs. “Quit the melodrama and roll over.” He pokes Sherlock’s side until he complies and rolls over.
He can almost feel Sherlock descending into the darkness of his black moods. He’s glad there are no cigarettes or drugs in the cottage. But he feels helpless. He decides to deal with this the Watson way, however flawed that might be.
“I saw that, Sherlock. It’s not okay to contemplate attacking your brother, especially when he’s the British government.”
Sherlock seems to be in good spirits today, despite last night’s black mood. He looks even more dishevelled now than when he woke up. There are two pink spots on his cheeks and his eyes are brighter now, sleepiness gone. They eat many rounds of breakfast in companionable silence. John half wants to discuss Sherlock’s dislike of being in wolf form, now that he’s in a good mood, but his other half wants to leave it, wants not to spoil the happier atmosphere. It’s true that last night Sherlock was taking too much control over his wolf. That will only end in tears if it continues. But John thinks it’s probably something Sherlock should find out himself, rather than be lectured to.
John frowns at him, surprised to be asked. “Why? You couldn’t have your first change in that centre, or with Mycroft breathing down your neck. We needed to get you out of London.”
Together they make it up the seventeen stairs to the flat, John stumbling with his healing injuries and Sherlock stumbling at having to help John. They stand at the top on the landing, not touching now, John favouring one leg over the other very slightly.
John is more than happy to comply. Sherlock is, of course, a very quick learner, and already he’s mapped out all of the sensitive spots on John's neck and chest. He seems to also have set himself the challenge of covering each and every one of these sensitive spots with a lovebite. Soon, John is peppered.
knew where they’d gone. John calms Lestrade and offers a quiet explanation that Sherlock ignores. He doesn’t think John says explicitly what they were doing, but Lestrade had been called when Sherlock was bitten, and he’s not entirely an idiot (probably the best detective on the force, in fact, not that Sherlock would say that out loud) and he knows how long a month is. Sherlock is quite sure he’ll figure out their disappearance in his own slow time.
where the moon is, but he can’t. He’s Sherlock. He’s not his wolf. But his wolf is him. To do this, he needs to be the wolf.
Sherlock drags him closer to the hives to tell him all about bees, how they live, how they make honey, and all sorts of other interesting facts. His rambling talk keeps them going as they continue to make their way through the trees and come up against the fence on the other side that marks the back perimeter of the cottage’s land. On their way back down the hill Sherlock tells John about the language of bees, their communicative dances, complex yet simple, sharing the direction and distance of pollen sources. He runs out of steam once they reach the cottage. John finds himself in the kitchen making sandwiches for their lunch with many fresh ideas of what to buy Sherlock for his birthday and Christmas.
Sherlock gives up with a huff and sprawls his front half over John’s lap. Then he decides that’s not good enough and rolls onto his back, legs in the air.
They collapse together, limbs heavy. His mind buzzes gently. His wolf is relaxed and content. He traces his finger slow and soft over John’s back and John practically purrs. The moment is quiet apart from their breathing. Outside they can hear the waves crashing against the beach, and the birds calling to each other as they welcome the day. Sherlock slides his fingers up John’s back, over his shoulder, tilts his chin up for a sweet, slow kiss. He feels so loved and loving. He’s not good at the words for this, hasn’t had the practice that John has had, so instead he puts it all into the kiss, drawing John closer even though his limbs are weak and his come is drying unpleasantly between them.
“Insufferable. I thought he’d never go,” Sherlock says, but it doesn’t come out quite right — it lacks its normal bite.
John’s typing stops as he realises Sherlock is watching him. He looks up and smiles softly. He never used to be so soft, so unguarded. Sherlock loves it. He can’t help but stare, even now. John looks away first. Sherlock glances at the time. Gone 11pm. He stands.
“Do you. . .” I start, then stop because I can't believe what I'm about to say. But I haven't seen this kind of giddy enthusiasm in John since I suggested tying him to the bed and edging him over and over for the few days leading up to my last heat. He’d been so worked up, so desperate to come, that he’d had me knotted within five minutes. He’d pumped me full and deep, and we both knew in that moment—as we cried out in near unison—that I'd been bred.
Without warning, the pleasure peaks. Sherlock feels his balls draw up tight and cries out, voice high and broken. Ecstasy crackles along his nerves and he tenses, dangles over the edge of the precipice for seconds that feel like eons, then falls. Orgasm washes over him, like diving into a warm sapphire sea—an all encompassing rush, then floating weightless until he breaks the surface and gasps for air.
John dragged his eyes over Sherlock’s gilt body. Christ the man was beautiful. He kneaded the dense muscle at the top of Sherlock’s thighs, framing is deeply flushed cock and hanging bollocks—wanting nothing more than to lavish him with pleasure.
Sherlock began a rhythm—pull, push, slow and steady—until John was panting, fingers clenched around the chair arms. He watched with fascination as he fucked the tender slit of John’s cock, dragging the rod a bit farther, a bit faster.
"Fuck, Sherlock." John slid a hand under Sherlock's arse, pulled him up and off his spent prick. "C'mere."
“Or.” Sherlock lifted himself up, no longer sitting on his heels. “You can sit there in an orgasmic haze while I use your body like a canvas for my spunk.”
“Ohhh, Christ,” John groans. He's got one hand in his hair and another plucking at a dusky nipple. Pure hedonism. “Play—oh God, Sherlock—play with my balls.”
Sherlock went limp, but John didn't remove his fingers. He pulled back to play with his rim, giving him a moment of reprieve. But it didn't last. As soon as Sherlock caught his breath, John's fingers were sliding deep once more, rubbing a small circle against his prostate and stoking the flames again.
Sherlock chuckled, a rumble deep in his chest. “I don't know that the two occupations are really that different from one another. Both involve a person providing access to their bodies and the exchange of bodily fluids.”
"Bit of a domestic? What, did you leave something rotting in the fridge? Blow something up? Set fire to the curtains?"
“Is that resignation in your tone?” Sherlock asked as he ran the blade of of his teeth up John’s neck.
His hands immediately began to roam—sliding up John’s firm stomach, over the bumps of his ribs, and down his sides—mapping out warm, sun-kissed terrain. He followed the line of hair down from John’s navel until his fingers teased at the elastic waistband of John’s briefs. Sherlock traced his thumbs up and down the hard ridge of John’s cock, equal parts teasing and admiring.
In various states of vexation and bemusement, the Met’s finest could only stare as Sherlock, pinching the fish’s tail fin between finger and thumb, carefully handed it to Lestrade. “Your killer. Mind the spines, they're venomous. Though you likely wouldn't die from a puncture. I suspect Mr. Williams had an unfortunate anaphylactic reaction.”
With one last cry, John came thick and hot, streaking himself with semen and panting like he'd ran a marathon. Seconds later, Sherlock threw back his head and moaned, an animal sound of pleasure, as his own cock pulsed against the cup of his palm and spilled into his pants.
He ran his mouth over John’s quivering thigh, inhaled deep into his lungs. The dark scent of John’s arousal flooded him, made his lust surge and crash against the last vestiges of his restraint.
He darts a quick look around the cafe, as if anything has changed in the last few minutes. It’s still the same milling students and preoccupied office workers—people far too focused on getting their caffeine fix to notice the man in the corner slip his hand under the table. John trails his fingers along the inseam of his shorts, scoots down in his chair, and cups his palm at the apex of his legs.
“When I was a teenager.” Sherlock answered. His hand slid unconsciously to his throat. “I used the sash of my dressing gown and a slippery hitch knot.”
The soft pad of his thumb rubs over my hole, spreading saliva. He leans in and spits again, a slow dribble that pools, then spills over to run in a warm rivulet down my crack.
John stood halfway between the kitchen and the couch, the warmth of the afternoon light paled by the incandescent heat in his eyes. In his right hand he held a tube of medical grade lubricant—pilfered from the surgery and kept in the first aid kit under the sink—and in his left hand, held tight by a pair of tongs, he brandished. . .
Sherlock rode John at an ever quickening pace, his breath winding up into keening gasps. He leaned back, sipping in a sharp inhale as the angle of penetration steepened. John filled him perfectly, fat cockhead rubbing against his prostate with each roll of his hips.
“I mean, I'll have to reschedule the threesome I had planned with my violin and Felix Mendelssohn, but sure.”
Sherlock gives a sheepish grin. “Well. That aside. No. I think it's only fair that I tell you, I may have started our acquaintanceship under false pretenses.”
Fifty-six hours later the case was solved and the perpetrator apprehended. Not a murderer, as it turned out, but a macabre artist using fresh corpses as models. He was arrested alongside his mortician girlfriend. They were no Bonnie and Clyde but it would make for an interesting, if morbid, write-up for the blog.
‘Surely, surely social services will do something…’ John’s voice had wavered, the tight control he had on his emotions slipping, Greg had witnessed this, the slipping of the shield John had erected whenever Sherlock hurt him. Greg had seen it rise after Sherlock had jumped. John needed this little girl as much as she needed him.
‘She’s just beautiful.’ It's all he can think to say in that moment, he's flawed by her and he's never been more terrified.
“Well he told me to leave it alone and do the money stuff. But his partner,” Mrs. Hudson poked her finger at the other man in the picture. Now John was closer he could more easily see the differences between the three and this final man seemed to be smaller. While the other two were hardened and clearly rough this man’s eyes gleamed and his clothes reflected his wealth rather than hiding it. He looked less intimidating somehow. John wondered if that wasn’t rather the point. “Terry was his name, he told me that Sebastian was getting Frank to stockpile the stuff to make a stronger hold on the market. Terry didn’t like it but then again Terry didn’t like the drugs.”
‘It seems as if our tour will have to be postponed Doctor Watson, I doubt Mycroft will object to us continuing it at some later point.’
Their outing appeared to have a constant shadow in the presence of a lone photographer trailing their progress across the garden’s exterior areas. Once they moved themselves into the Orchid exhibit and the extensive conservatories the security team loosened somewhat. They moved closer to Greg, John, Mina and Mrs Hudson, finally allowed Mina the freedom to stretch her legs. She took off like a shot with John and two bodyguards watching her every move.
‘Definitely cool, I’m a little worried I’m going to be forcing my tastes on her but who can say no to a cuddly set of the Star Trek characters.’
This little girl, she looked so small, John couldn’t see her being much older than two and it broke his heart to think someone so small had been somewhere so horrid. That there were people out there who would hurt someone as innocent as this child, the idea was beyond him. God what was wrong with him, he was growing attached to a picture, to the idea of a child, oh but this was so like Sherlock, he always managed to draw John in with the smallest details,
‘Ok so when I was putting away things in Sherlock’s room I found these albums, I wondered if you might want them or I guess maybe your parents might.’
“Take the list to your lawyer; I know you already have one. Take it and just tell them what we’ve said. This is going to be sorted before the end of the year Denise.” He looked up at her now. “I won’t still be married to you by the start of the New Year, I will fight you and we both know I will win. Your lawyer will tell you the same thing, but you already know that. Take the list and the papers. Sign them when he tells you to.” He took the stiff cream coloured card out of his wallet and left it on the top of the stack. “This is my lawyer’s office. Have yours contact them when you’re ready to deal. I’m going to get my stuff and head to a hotel.”
‘John you know I wouldn't do that, none of us would, no member of this team behave in that way’ Greg accepted the pain John's doubt caused, he felt it all the deeper as he knew he had been just as absent from his friends life these past months than John had been in his, friendship went both ways after all. He had caused his own problems with this one; thoroughly botching talking to Sherlock that last time, John’s distrust was well deserved he knew. Project Poppy was just the sort of initiative where he would have needed Sherlock, he had known it from the beginning, the second the boxes of files had been delivered to him from the higher ups. But there was now a Sherlock shaped hole in the world and he knew he had help put it there. His actions, his disbelief, his fault, Sherlock had jumped, falling from great heights; metaphorically and physically, when Moriarty had pulled his net tight enough to kill. It would have been impossible for them to have known why, why he had truly jumped, but in John’s mind at least Greg knew he and Mycroft Holmes must have held a large portion of the blame.
He did nothing to inform his wife of his plans but when he had taken a seat at their dining room table, the divorce papers sorted neatly in front of him, he had been reminded of the overwhelming relief he had heard in his mother and brother’s tones when he had told them the woman would not be accompanying him.  He heard the front door open and close lightly. It was already eleven o’clock at night and Greg knew Denise was sneaking in from a drunken night hoping to make it to the safety of the guest room without facing him. He wasn’t having it though, enough was enough and he was worn out with all the lies and the deception. The last few weeks, his interactions with Mycroft, John, beautiful baby Mina, not to mention his family, had made him remember what it felt like to be truly happy within himself again.
He’d not initiated contact between them before yesterday for months but he’d known he missed the younger mans company, Greg had wondered initially if he used his friendship with Mycroft as an escape from his life, working weeks which often contained more than 60 hours, a wife whose continued infidelity felt like more of a joke now than something painful,  a house in desperate need of some TLC neither partner could be bothered to provide, a diet which contained more caffeine and sugar than vegetables and minerals not to mention a job that had him regularly encountering the scourge of London, sometimes they got to help people but more often than not his job involved chasing down criminals and more paper work than should ever be involved in maintaining justice. He’d envied Sherlock that part, no paperwork or aftermath, not really, he would just swan in, solve the crime and then drifted off again with some comment about an experiment or rent conversations.
‘Mr Holmes, please take a seat,’ Greg drew himself to standing taller, straighter than John had seen him since he'd arrived. The smile he wore was a small one but he could see through the man’s eyes just how honest it was. So here, maybe, was the answer, Greg wanted to make Mycroft happy and a new Holmes child might do that.God that poor girl, he returned his gaze to the picture.
I had just hoped you would be there when I came home. But everything has changed hasn't it. I am dead to you and you have just moved on. I am alone and you are surrounded by love still. Do you even miss me at all?
‘Sir, do you mind if I join you?’ Danny’s followed him outside and Greg only just stops himself from jumping in response to his near noiseless approach.
Mycroft noted how Mitrović’s muscles bulged as he tested the strength of his bindings, jerking the chain tight causing an audible rattle.
Mina moved to grab the treat from Mrs Hudson’s outstretched hand. Thick sugar crystals fell like snowflakes from the pastry into Greg’s hair as their little group took another turn around the market which filled the final part of Kew Garden’s Winter Wonderland trail. John refused to fret over the amount of processed sugar his daughter had ingested over the day. He winced in sympathy when her sticky hands descended into Greg’s hair to pull it sharply.
‘You’re what, but you, you don’t wear a ring, you’re not wearing a ring, you never mentioned anyone!’ he seems angry now and Greg understands, he understands because even though he’s estranged from his wife he could never be unfaithful, not in reality, he’s never made his move on Mycroft because he’s not free, free to be with the person he wants, he made a vow and until it’s dissolved he won’t be able to do anything.
Her eyes widen when he presets her with the antique, it was a Holmes heirloom passed down through generations, she moves it in the light seemingly fascinated by the changing gleam of the metal,
‘Well we haven’t really talked about any of it, about what we both want, about what any of it means, about if we want each other, I know my own feelings, I was just wanting to know yours as well’ he wants to kick himself for how pathetic that sounds to his ears, the slight edge of begging isn’t helped by his position between the man’s legs. If they’re going to talk it would most likely be best to have some distance between them when they do, he moves to walk away, disentangling his hands and standing as elegantly as possible. But he doesn’t get more than a step before he’s being manhandled against a wall, his back flush to the surface, he gasps as the younger man presses his body roughly against him, he can’t stop the groan as their erections push together,
The woman’s laughter is all the response he gets before they’re stopping in front of a dark wooden door, she knocks once before opening it to usher him inside. The room’s dim, the only light coming from a banked fire and a the desk lamp Mycroft is seemingly working by, stacks of paper work litter the surface in front of him but he looks up upon their entrance and aims a small but genuine smile towards John,
Denise froze upon her entrance of the dining room Greg watched her scan the table top before dropping into the chair he had pulled out from the table for her earlier. He looked her over checking for signs of the level of alcohol she had consumed and realised that although she looked disgusting she wasn’t drunk; tipsy, perhaps, but nothing that would impede her judgement.
I can't believe it's been nearly three months. I'm honestly so sorry everyone I know it's been far too long and I can only thank each and everyone of you that takes the time to read these updates and comment, kudos and subscribe I appreciate each and every one and they're the reason I could never just abandon this fic or this story.
“And this call to the Russian delegation, does it have anything to do with sending my key suspect back to his bloody homeland?” Greg groused.
They’d made it to the retail park in mostly one piece and John was determined to purchase everything they needed in this one place as to negate travelling to more stores.
The first three courses passed in a blur, the combination of rich sauces, good wine and everyone’s seemingly jovial mood providing a much more pleasant atmosphere than Mycroft would have hoped for. In part this may have been caused by the serves continued insistence of providing as much of said wine as possible, his father’s contribution no doubt, but such actions were leading to his mothers cheeks having a slightly pink glow and John himself becoming slightly lose tongued.
“Hi Mycroft, I’m heading to a hotel.” There was a moment of silence but Greg didn’t mind it. He imagined Mycroft was still at work. There was little he could say in response to Greg’s statement in any case, they were both aware that offering his sympathies would be laughable and Mycroft didn’t strike Greg as being the type of man to simply say “ah” in response to anything.
Mina was sweet as anything on a good day but even then she tended to drift through moods rapidly. Today was no exception: after taking a small tumble she’d been clingy as a limpet, which was quickly followed by a period of thirty minutes where she wove through strangers legs fast enough for John to lose track of her twice. She returned flung over the shoulder of one of their protection officers who gave Greg a slight glare before handing the struggling Mina over to John. Quite how Greg was responsible for his daughter’s ability to misbehave John wasn’t sure, but the look had reminded him poignantly of Sherlock and he shot Greg a slightly grim smile. The man interpreted it correctly, judging by the clap on the shoulder John received moments later.
‘I don’t know, I can’t move him, if I do what message does it send, I want to ignore it but I don’t know if that will work.’
“Of course not Mrs. Hudson but…” Francis tried in vain to bring the car back to a calm sanity and failed dramatically.
‘Very well my dear, please inform my wife that myself and Doctor Watson will arrive shortly and that they shouldn’t wait to seat themselves if they wish. We won’t be long.’ Mr Holmes expression is a kind one but John thinks he sees a flash of annoyance cross his expression momentarily, it’s fleeting enough that he can’t imagine Holly would have seen and if the broad smile she wears when leaving is any indication she left in high spirits. Mr Holmes sighs slightly before turning bodily towards John. They’ve made it to near enough the end of the aisle; the other side holds an even broader range of colours, but the happy atmosphere that had surrounded them through their earlier examination has shrunk somewhat at the prospect of returning to the company of others, he can see what Mycroft was referring to when he described his and Sherlock’s father, the man gives off an air of calm serenity but with a quick wit and dry humour John’s seen the other Holmes men share.
Anthea had maintained her position in front of the study’s entrance. She stood in silence her Blackberry somewhat forgotten but still clasped in her hand. She scanned the windows constantly.
A scream wrenches through the near silent warehouse, the officers still present look up in panic, it’s a woman’s voice, seeming to come from the office.
She sulked rarely, still young enough to be distracted by John’s funny faces or voices, but he could already see the development of a Sherlockian attitude towards boredom developing and he was at a loss as to how to curtail it. He had never managed it with Sherlock, how he could be expected to with a younger Holmes was beyond him most days. He would just have to ensure his daughter had no access to spray paint. The smiley face still existed, as did the bullet holes, but John would rather not have more Holmesian artwork scrawled beside it. Not to say he wasn’t proud any time Mina applied herself creatively: already the fridge door was covered in scraps of paper adorned with scribbles and an ever increasing collection of glitter (thanks Auntie Tammy) that John had decided would be his concession. As long as Mina (and Tammy) kept her artwork on pieces of paper he would cover every available surface of 221 with them. Already Mrs Hudson had pinched her favourite pieces to grace her own kitchen. That was unlikely to stop, he thought. Perhaps Greg could use some artwork to cheer up his office; the entire of NSY was rather drab.
‘I have to admit that was tortuous at the end, why does everything for a little girl have to be pink? Why can’t she want to be a fireman or a doctor, I saw some of the girl dress up outfits when I was coming out and can I just say no nurse dresses like that, female police officers don’t wear short little dresses.’
“There’s no need to thank me, Gregory, it’s my pleasure. When you have settled for the evening would you call me again? There are a few things I believe we should discuss.” Greg promised he would while climbing out of the car towards the open front door where the agent, Francis, was waiting. Greg introduced himself and listened to the man’s explanation of the security system and an outline of the house. Greg waved him off before parking his car in the garage.
The rest of the album is blank, the year had been noted at the beginning and John wonders if this was the year Sherlock turned to drugs. There are only two albums left, the first one he picks up seems a little heavier, when he opens it he’s faced with the beautiful face of baby. He’s shocked for a minute thinking it’s Mina, is this proof Sherlock knew, but no it can’t be, the next picture In the set shows the same child naked and chasing a dog around a living room, there’s an older boy with bright red hair chasing after him with a towel, the look on the older childs face is promising revenge and John is in no doubt that this child can only be Sherlock. No wonder Mycroft knew from the photographs, Mina and Sherlock share such clear features. John can’t wait to meet her in person. He’s too excited to sit still now. Keeping hold of the photo album he thinks he’ll share it with Mycroft, maybe keep it to show Mina one day. Climbing to his feet he knocks the last photo album with his foot. Bending to pick it up he hears the doorbell for the front door ring and chooses to leave the albums on top of the dresser. There’s time to enjoy the past later.
John allowed his head to gently fall back against the bars of Mina’s crib, she’d fallen asleep ten minutes ago but experience had taught him that moving away too quickly would make her stir and having watched her fight sleep all day he really needed her to sleep now. He closed the copy of Peter Pan he’d been reading to her for the last thirty minutes before standing as slowly as possible, his knees had seized up slightly from being sat on the floor for so long but he waited to stretch until he was out of the room, he clicked the bee night light on as he pulled the door too lightly, his daughter hadn’t moved an inch and John sent up a silent prayer to anyone listening that she managed to sleep for a few hours. Nearly two years of navigating the stairs to the third floor of Baker Street had taught him how to move down them without making a noise, he reached the bottom and turned on the baby monitor he kept on the hallway table, the only noise coming from it was the soft strain of classical music and Mina’s light breaths. He’d spent numerous nights in the first week with it pressed to his ear straining to hear the noise of her breath, checking on her without running the risk of disturbing her sleep. That was before nights of three A.M. wake up calls and late morning naps, John couldn’t say which he preferred now, although his body was craving nights of uninterrupted sleep the idea of her having nightmares and being alone was worse, so he’d accept she would wake him up stupidly early and he would accept that he’d much rather smother her in love than have her be alone.
“You never knew this did you; you can see the similarities between this little devil and your own sweet prince. They grew up with such similar worlds. They were the same, really,” Mitrović said with yet another smirk.  The man had clearly identified Sherlock as a point of weakness but Mycroft had been through years of repressing his brotherly instincts in the face of criminals. It worked to the point where many believed they despised each other. Perhaps Mitrović believed his brother’s recent demise would have created rawness to insults relating to him.
‘I’m alright Mycroft’ the man moves then, his hand hits the desk in front of him hard, the sound of the slap resonates around the room as Mycroft moves around his desk, Greg can’t drop his gaze as Mycroft stalks towards him. He seems to hesitate just in front of his chair, he bodily wavers, coming to a halt and taking a half step backwards but Greg can’t take it. He doesn’t want to think anymore.
‘You want to talk about it?’ Mycroft looks amused at his offer, he supposes they’ve never really been close but over the past month the man’s been in his home most days and they’ve spoken on the telephone at least once a day, granted those conversations all centred around Mina but he’s grown to care about Mycroft somewhat, and he’s a natural caregiver so offering support has always come naturally.
Greg’s never considered himself to be a selfish man, but sitting in the window of Mycroft’s library he realises he could easily become one. The man had sequestered him away in this room, promising to bring back wine and that they’d talk but it had been an hour and Mycroft was yet to reappear. The situation Greg’s sudden appearance in his office had interrupted still needed to be solved and Greg thought it was possible Mycroft had also needed some distance to sort through whatever was happening between them.
Mrs Hudson speaks first, ‘Mina sweetheart, did you just say something?’ John thinks this is ridiculous, his daughter doesn’t speak; she’s shown no interest in forming words, noises they’ve managed but not words.
‘Got something to tell me John,’ the social worker raises one of her eyebrows and John thinks it would almost be comical if her tone didn’t suggest she was concerned.
Hello to any newbies *waves* you don't necessarily have to have read AoM to understand what is happening here but it's interesting to my mind to see the difference between Sherlock's activities and John's.
He needed to know her name he thought, referring to her as the child was wrong. She wasn’t just a child, she was Sherlock’s blood and she was, well she was someone, she deserved a name and he felt he deserved to know what it was. Mycroft and Greg had climbed out of the opposite car door, moving to the black door of 221b Mycroft entered, without knocking John noted, and proceeded to hold the door for Greg who only hesitated long enough to look to John, he knew he was being foolish in not moving. To stand in the road and cling to the door of the black car was beyond pathetic but his legs wouldn’t work. He’d left this place, this shrine of memories. He was back in a bedsit, minimal possessions, no endless clutter, no dust, no character, no soul, no anything, but this place was so like a graveyard to him, so full of memories. Why would Mycroft bring him back here?
‘Sir all clear has been confirmed, no sign of foul play anywhere,’ there’s silence while Mycroft speaks on the other end, he notices Anthea giving him a more thorough once over, he feels quietly exposed but he knows she’s only doing her job, ‘Yes sir,’ more staring now, ‘I would advise it sir, I think he might have more luck,’ Anthea smiles slightly at him, ‘affirmative sir, I shall do that.’ she hands the brick of a phone back to him before taking a seat of the stairs in front of him. She faces away, looking towards the corridor instead of at him
It was another day later, three days since John had had his whole perception of the world flipped, before Sherlock showed any signs of wakefulness. His parents and his brother had left briefly, to get themselves a meal, leaving John to his silent vigil. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered, his long eyelashes flickering like shadows against his pale cheekbones, and his fingers curled slightly as the muscles in his hand tensed. John held his breath as the pale turquoise eyes opened slowly, blinking sluggishly in the relative brightness of the hospital room. He inhaled deeply, if a little laboured, and cast a glance around the room, letting his head loll to the side.
was a very specific, very definite man, on which trust could be placed, and to whom secrets could be bared, and one whose absence tore a hole in the very skin of the one who remained.
As water danced inside the kettle, Sherlock found himself twisting, resting his back on the counter as he allowed himself to survey the disruptive order he had left on the table that morning. A large conical flask rested in the centre of the table, while a test tube rack held its counterparts captive behind it. Each tube held a different solution, some brightly coloured, like the nickel sulfate, some dark, like the deep red of the iodine solution, which had left a stain on the tired corner of Sherlock’s old notebook.
The next alley yielded to Sherlock’s scrutiny. Footsteps reverberated along the row to the right; likely an officer getting bored with the search. Sherlock dismissed it with a frustrated breath, let out between his teeth, before catching it again.
“Right then. Best get these down to the Yard, dust them for prints. CCTV is waiting for you there too,” Lestrade spoke, breaking the silence.
Mycroft rose to his feet in one, coordinated movement, coming to crouch at the arm of Sherlock’s chair. “She’s not going to live forever Sherlock. Everything ends eventually.” It was the closest his voice got to soothing. The age gap had never seemed so poignant.
Sherlock quirked a smile and stepped inside, letting the door swing shut behind him. He was alone in the room, and for good reason. The smell lay over him like a thick layer of snow, creeping into his lungs with each breath, seeming to bind with the air and leave him gasping for breath. It was a scent that hung thick as treacle in the air, strangling the other senses. Breathing through his mouth, Sherlock stepped forward. It wasn’t difficult to find the source of the smell. The sickly sweet metal smell originated from the man lying face up on the bed. His arms lay relaxed at his side, legs stretched out to the end of the bed. His eyes were closed, which might have given him the appearance of merely sleeping, had it not been for the grimace that twisted his features. That and the bloodstained sheets that he lay on.
And how many times has he seen that body? He’s seen it countless times, had to stitch it up nigh on a million times, seen it draped languidly over the sofa in nought but a sheet, and felt its weight leaning against him in a cab after a taxing case. And yet, after what feels like an eternity together, he failed to recognise it when it mattered.
Standing there in the kitchen, crumbs decorating the front of his oatmeal jumper, he felt oddly lonely. There were often moments when Sherlock’s inability to communicate in the same way as others frustrated John, but he made up for it with his presence and his character. Besides, it was the best he could do, and John always felt awful for even thinking it. But this, this was different. Sherlock took his phone everywhere, always had it in his hand – and how could he not? It was his method of talking to those who couldn’t read the complex motions of his hands.
It took three long strides for Sherlock to reach the steel covered fridge, and another, short step the side to allow the door to swing open, revealing a bare inside. Every item was neatly put in its place, the leftover pasta Mrs Hudson had left on Tuesday on the third shelf, the milk that had accompanied it in the door. It was this that he took, moving swiftly back to the worktop, and pouring the last of it into the cup.
, I think you’ll find she does, albeit not in the same car. See here,” he pointed, allowing both Lestrade and John to crowd him, “it’s clearly the same woman, but now she’s a passenger in a black BMW. Possibly an accomplice or getaway driver.”
Sherlock freezes instantly. He holds his breath and waits, praying the movement was only John or Mrs Hudson. Lifting a hand up and behind him, he presses his palm agains the wall. He feels the latch on the door slip into the plate in the doorframe, sending tiny vibrations through 221 that Sherlock is well-practised in identifying. Something in his chest both loosens and tightens; only John retiring to bed. But now Sherlock is left, unguarded and defenceless. A cab passes the streetlight, and Sherlock jumps as it flits across the ceiling. It distracts him just long enough that he doesn't realise there's someone in the flat until the door opens.
The morning tea sat by the deserted armchair, the steam dancing and twisting in the light above the fading red plaid  pattern of the chair. Light streamed in through the tall windows, drenching the room in the cold, clinical light of early December. The hollow sound of a melancholy violin soaked the walls, oozing heartbreak and sorrow. The dry wallpaper looked out into the room sadly, reminiscing of times long gone, when the room would be filled with sly glances and unspoken words. The bookshelves stood proudly in the corner; they at least were able to offer escape, even for a short while. The volumes themselves had been organised to the point of ritual. Every individual stood to attention, spine straight, each shelf colour-coded, with the darkest at the bottom; layers of soil in reverse.
Returning to the relative safety of his bedroom, Sherlock slipped out of his pajama trousers and tugged a pair of pants from the drawer. Drawing on a plain white shirt and tucking it into the dark suit trousers as he pulled them on was routine, something he’d been doing for years, a failsafe. As he reached into the wardrobe for the jacket however, his phone buzzed from the kitchen. Leaving the door open, Sherlock back into the kitchen, scooping up the phone with his right hand, trailing the left along the battered surface as he tapped the four digit passcode onto the screen.
John doesn’t miss the way Sherlock flinches, and it surprises a small part of himself, just under his sternum, that he doesn’t care right now.
Sherlock awoke to find himself blind. It took a muddled moment of panic for him to feel the scratchy cloth over his eyes, and to realise that he had, in fact, been blindfolded. His heart thumping heavily in his chest, Sherlock did his best to analyse his immediate surroundings. He was sat on a chair, going by the feel of it, and his ankles were tied to the legs of the chair. His arms meanwhile were tied wrist to elbow behind him, leaving him in an awkward, immobile, soon to be painful position.
Then, just as quickly, the weight was gone. Sherlock cried out yet again as he was pulled from within him, shaking with the after effects and the pure, blind panic that was left behind.
Sherlock doesn't sleep much at night these days. The sheets are too heavy and too light at the same time. They whisper and they press against his skin, holding him to the mattress, and Sherlock can't bring himself to close his eyes, to cut off his most reliable sense. He knows, logically, that John is only just outside his door, is sat on the sofa, mindlessly watching some god awful television show with the subtitles on, because he knows sometimes Sherlock will watch even when he pretends he isn't, and its just too much fucking effort to turn them on and off every time. In all honesty, this should be enough, Sherlock thinks. It's late, John is here, and Mycroft texted earlier to say that all three men involved have been 'dealt with'. Sherlock prefers not to linger on what that might entail. He is as safe as he has ever been. John helped him to fix a metal grate over his window this afternoon, so he know that there's one less entry point to worry about. Sat in the living room, John is currently between him and the other two. The probability of attack is low. But in Sherlock's gut there is a gnawing, uncomfortable feeling, stemming from the knowledge that, despite his virtues, John is only human, and sooner or later he will fall asleep. Should he retreat to his room, Sherlock will be left totally alone. So he lies there, awake, and waits for the morning to come.
Aside from being stretched out on the bed in a pool of his own blood, the man had clearly been mutilated post mortem. Mutilated may have been the wrong word; if anything it was surgical, clear and careful. This was no heat of the moment decision. Whoever came in here did so with the intention to do exactly this.
. Just for a while, just to let the cloak of loneliness slip from his body. But it was not his place. The right belonged to someone else.
But it wasn’t the broken voice that he had used before, standing at Sherlock’s grave. No, this John was angry, and it was obvious in his tone and his cut off syllables. He was letting him down. Again.
Humming noncommittally, Sherlock moved closer to the bed, letting all of his focus settle on the man on the bed, knowing that no lurking attacker would get to him if his attention was diverted now. He tugged on his gloves with practised ease and immediately prodded the flap of flesh that had once been the right side of the man’s chest cavity. It flopped back into place with a sickeningly wet sound.
The sound of the front door closing dragged Sherlock out of the thoughts that devoured him each time he closed his eyes. Footsteps on the stairs, followed by the tap of an umbrella every third step meant only one thing. Sherlock sighed as the door opened noiselessly.
The battered pages of the notebook remained open on the pages, waiting, like a trained dog told to stay. The crudely elegant scrawl of handwriting enclosed a simple sketch of the atoms in sodium thiosulfate, making it look almost like a work of effortless art.
The bed creaked as John pulled himself up, protesting his movements. Sliding his feet into a pair of well worn slippers, he padded downstairs, not bothering to avoid the step that squealed, because it was only him that heard it.
Sherlock just nods gratefully, expecting John t leave, now that his doctorly duty is complete. Instead,  he hesitates.
“It has to be a warehouse. The dirt analysis suggests Islington, but I’ll have to investigate the ease with which one could use a warehouse, abandoned or not, though I assume it is in use; there are traces of blood on the fabric of the toes that hold certain qualities alike to pig’s blood.”
Not dignifying this with a response, Sherlock strode back towards the door, trying to ignore the way the carpet crunched slightly under his heels, sending small puffs of dust into the surrounding area.
John winced in sympathy as he heard the dull thud of Sherlock’s, back hitting the porcelain. He raised his hand to his chest.
He looks so genuinely upset that Sherlock hates himself a little, because why didn't he just notice the floorboards? He's been doing it for years but he was to caught up in the terror of his vulnerability to even notice that someone was coming. And John, of all people, is blaming himself.
Back at the flat, John types up the case absently, listening as Sherlock bangs the doors of the cupboards in the bathroom.  Footsteps patter down the hallway as Sherlock reappears to say goodnight, before he disappears into his room for the night. John yawns and follows Sherlock example, trudging up the stairs wearily. He falls asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow.
Sherlock felt his body moving, could hear the sound of choked breath escaping from between parted lips, but he felt nothing. And yet, somewhere in the back of his mind he heard a voice. John’s voice.
Sherlock was asleep in John’s chair when he came downstairs in the morning for tea. Sherlock’s limbs were curled underneath him, his feet resting on one arm, his head resting on the backrest. It looked bizarrely uncomfortable, but his face was peaceful. John left him alone, flicking the kettle on and making them both a mug of tea.
Mycroft said nothing, just watched as Sherlock tried to accommodate the knowledge that perhaps, just maybe, the woman who had raised him wasn’t nearly as indestructible as his childhood had allowed him to imagine.
The laugh that forced its way through Sherlock’s teeth sounded strangled to his own ears. “So she’d rather leave me ignorant to the disease that’s tearing her apart from the inside?” The metaphor was childish, but it matched the feeling of desperation rising within him.
The thin steel glinted happily up at him as it rested benignly in his palm, the fingertips curled towards the wrist slightly as if to protect it. Sherlock sat slowly against the bath, its cold edge digging into the vertebrae of his spine. Letting his arm rest across folded knees, he etched more tally marks into the soft skin of his inner forearm. Safety ran down his fingers, leaving carmine trails behind. Furrows in the skin marked the heartbreak of the heartless.
“Yes, yes, okay.” He sighed again, in defeat. “Mummy… Well, she’s ill. Cancer. We don’t know how developed it is, or how treatable it’s going to be.”
He was set down again on a much softer surface, sinking in slightly. Opening his eyes, he saw paramedics fussing over him, wrapping a blanket around him, and wiping antiseptic wipes over his body. It felt like burning all over again, and Sherlock pushed them away, struggling to clamber off the stretcher-bed.
and guides him back down into the bed, coming to crouch down by the side of it, so that Sherlock doesn't have to twist his neck to see him spell out his words.
Sherlock shakes his head dismissively and pushes past John to slip into the bedroom that is opposite the bathroom. The walls are pink, and covered with posters that cling to every wall, and even the ceiling above the bed. Members of bands that John has never heard of stare down at him, making him feel exposed and uncomfortable. Sherlock is shuffling things around on the stained wood of the desk, pulling pieces of coloured paper and art supplies out from shelves that are hidden beneath the tabletop. He deposits boxes onto the darkened wood with loud thumps, unaware of the racket he’s making. John moves around him, grabbing a box that Sherlock shakes in his direction. He almost drops it again as soon as he opens it. Inside the innocent looking box, invisible amongst its peers, was a handful of tiny parcels. Each was no bigger than a large tablet, wrapped in cellophane. John didn’t have to open them to know what they were. Drugs of some description, smuggled across the world inside this girl’s body.
Sherlock relaxed against him. “Obviously.” There was mirth in his voice as he peeked up at John. With a more serious note in his voice he contined, “I just, I don’t know, panicked for a moment.”
When he poured the water onto the dried leaves, a droplet caught itself on the rim, and threw itself off the opposite side, running down the plain, beige side of the ceramic like blood runs from a wound. Sherlock let it run, watching it come to its own end as it hit the countertop. He wondered how it felt. Did the water feel freedom as it ran, only for its efforts to be thwarted? Did it know how it would damage those left behind? How they would mourn? Did it expect to be mourned? Of course not. It’s a collection of molecules, the very things that make up the earth; it felt nothing. The questions that Sherlock aimed at its watery hide were turned internally. The counter was the pavement, and the droplet was Sherlock. The liquid that remained in the cup, slowly colouring from the leaves, were those he had left, those who had, against all odds, mourned him.
he is about to watch a man he has never met get raped, and what can he do? He stand there, and he fucking watches as the scream echoes around the cell wherever he is being kept, he watches as the man with the hidden face pushes into his unprepared body with a pace that would hurt even the most cared for lovers. He watches as he begins to move, grunting like an animal as the man below screams in agony. He watches as he orgasms, and pulls back. He watches as they leave. He watches the tiny, broken and bleeding man sob and he bleeds. And then the video ends.
He felt Mycroft’s hand close around his own, and John gently massaging his shoulders, coaxing the blood to flow back into his arms. Something was draped over him, and the hands moved to turn him over. Sherlock easily recognised them as John’s as he cradled him against his chest, tucking his head against the crook of his neck as he stood.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, before moving around the bed and doing the same to the other side. John howled. It was nice to hear that laughter. It was a sound that Sherlock had sorely missed since he’d been living alone. It lightened the dingy room considerably.
“Dead body lying there,” John gasped between giggles, “and what do you do? You bloody poke it. The great Sherlock Holmes just
Long fingers tapped out a repeating rhythm on dark slate worktops, hopping and flying over Petri dishes and discarded test tubes. Reaching for the kettle, Sherlock let his eyes flicker upwards, over the tiled wall, the small window, the patch of stain on the ceiling from the rapid decomposition of hydrogen peroxide; a simple trick, but one that had been an empty fulfillment of his need to tear apart his own headspace.
When the doors slid open, it was to expose the length of corridor that lead to the mortuary. Sherlock walked it with the sense of a man greeting a dear friend, with Lestrade and John falling into step behind. The short hall was bright, the false light from the ceiling lights casting an off white glow to the plain walls and tiled floor; the three men the only dark spaces as they paced towards their destination.
The two men groan in synchrony. Whoever was sending the messages was smart. Smart enough to bounce them off several satellites, effectively making the source unidentifiable. Lestrade pinches the bridge of his nose.
He bucked suddenly, almost dislodging the man on top of him, wriggling in a futile attempt to get away. In response, he felt fingers weave into his hair, forcing his head up briefly, before slamming it back down, leaving him disorientated and confused as the pain continued to cut through him, again and again, as tears leaked over him face from behind the blindfold.
“Oh, alright,” Sherlock rolled his eyes in the most dramatic fashion he could manage, “I eat frequently enough to sustain myself.”
The light shone off the white surfaces in the lab, where Sherlock perched in front of the microscope, fingers brushing the focus with an almost loving caress, entirely fixated with the enlarged particles that hovered, suspended like bees frozen in motion, in solution. His silent companion stood amicably by his side, scrolling absently through his phone, waiting for a signal from the taller man. When it came, they rose as a pair, soldiers once again in action.
John moved to stand behind him, looking down. “Um… It’s dirty?” He looked back up at Sherlock, unsure of what he was looking for.
“So he wasn’t killed here?” It was phrased as a question, but the answer was obvious enough. Sherlock nodded anyway.
But this man was happy to be absent, and in the end, that’s all that mattered.  Because those who are willing to do anything for the ones they love know that they are not what they need, not what they want. And they never will be.
Fresh tally marks carved alongside the old ones, Sherlock let his head fall forward, not even noticing the salt water dripping onto fresh wounds. It was shameful, how little he was capable of handling. He couldn’t even control his own emotions any more. The one thing he had was gone, and now his whole world was crashing down around him, tearing down the walls of his mind palace, burning the prison in which he kept his heart.
Curled in John’s chair, Sherlock watched the conversation unfolding before him. Mycroft was trembling, tiny little shocks that twitched his fingers against his trouser leg as he spoke, very visibly fighting to remain under control and he sat across from Sherlock, in the black leather chair. John, by contrast, was a sentinel; he was totally still, guarded but clearly agitated. His hand did not shake.
This is meant to be about ten days after the events of the previous chapter. I'm not medically trained, and I won't pretend to be, so I'm afraid that my ability to write a convincing medical setting and treatment was minimal at best (I tried, and it went miserably wrong).
He kept tugging on the strings of the violin as his brother moved around the kitchen, keeping an ear focused on the rustle of a teabag brushing ceramic and water churning the dry leaves, coercing the flavor from them.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but closed it again, colour rising to his face. He stood, pivoting on his feet unstably, as if to return to his room, before John’s hand on his arm stopped him.
Sherlock frowned. Aside from the oasis on the sheets, there was no blood in the room. No crimson stain painted the wall to indicate where the bullet had pierced the victim’s skull, no ruby handprint to suggest he fell.
When he next opens them, it is another figure that stands in front of him. This one is smaller, slightly less compact, but he looks young, and battling to prove himself. He holds a knife with the same familiarity that Sherlock wields a bow. Now, Sherlock thinks, he may be in trouble.
The others muttered in agreement. “Hang on, let me check that plate, I can trace it to the company, see if they know anything,” said Lestrade, already typing the numbers into the database.
John loosely cradled the hand without the IV, as the blonde nurse changed the dressing on Sherlock's chest, wiping the dried blood away with antiseptic wipes. He let his fingers weave their way between Sherlock's, tethering himself to the bedside.
Lestrade stands uncertainly between them, gaze flickering back and forth over them. A tense moment passed, a stalemate during which neither moved, until a throat was cleared somewhere in the vicinity of the body.
It takes a second for the response to come. When it does, it cuts John deeper than any murder he’s seen before. One by one, he sees the days of friendship undo themselves. Sherlock’s mouth become a straight line, his eyes become flat and lifeless, and his posture changes from frustrated to formal.
John raised an eyebrow, “What does that mean? Of course? You’d forget to eat for bloody days at a time but now
Raindrops broke open on the concrete like mice skulls under the wheels of the beaten silver Honda Accord parked in front of the squatting, grey warehouse. Light leaked out into the shadow-drenched street, chasing the darkness out of the crevices it crouched in. The building itself was low to the ground, shorter than its surroundings and several shades greyer. Malevolence seemed to creep off the brickwork with silent continuity, steadily streaming apprehension into the chests of its observers. Depravity slipped silkily from the slanted roof, pooling on the cold paving slabs in an imperceptible reservoir of shimmering darkness. The walls seemed impregnable, as if the secrets they held existed outside jurisdiction and law.
Sherlock paused halfway up the staircase, gripping the banister and bowing his head, clearly in pain. He swayed alarmingly on his feet, prompting John to reach out, steadying him with a hand on his lower back.
“Good, really good,” and then the question was worth asking, because the ivory flash of teeth in a face that was pulled up in a smile was enough to draw out a parallel on his own face, “got some news though.”
The third man is between his two predecessors in build. Muscular enough to be visible through a shirt, should he deign to wear one, but slight enough to be agile, should he have to be. His head is shaved, leaving dark stubble covering his scalp, and tattoos are inked onto the side of his face. Abstract patterns along the left, and a tear under the right eye. There are piercings too, in his eyebrows and his lip; little studs of metal that reflect the light like a disorientating illusion. As he raises his hands, Sherlock notices a series of five dots on the base of his right thumb.
She means do they want assistance, but of course Sherlock simply responds with an impatient demand for coffee, which then leads to both John and Lestrade shrugging and admitting it wasn’t a bad thought, leaving the tiny brunette to ferry back their beverages, whilst they turned back to the tall man and the body.
They had to walk a short distance to find a cab that would take them to Scotland Yard; taxi drivers had the infuriating habit of avoiding crime scenes. Although, Sherlock supposed, John’s first case had rather proved that to be a valid idea. Unsurprisingly, it took only a few steps for John to begin his usual monologue. Sherlock played the disinterested machine, as always, while John described the oh-so-dreadful things about family life.
The drone of something pulsating on wood from the bedroom caused John to retrace his steps until he stood by Sherlock’s tangled blanket. As the phone went to voicemail, he saw it. It was under the bed, still plugged into the charger. It had clearly fallen from its usual place on his bedside table, causing the screen to crack and go patchy. It was lit up, showing two texts and a missed call from John Watson.
He closes his eyes, and lets the pain of the morning crush him, just for a little while. His phone buzzes, and he knows, he
Valleys opened up on the skin of Sherlock’s chest as the warped metal met flesh again and again; rivers of red flowing freely, pooling in the crease of his lap, soaking through his thin pajama trousers until he sits in a congealing pile of his own blood. They continued like this, in their dispassionate dance for in indeterminate amount of time.
Once downstairs, John got Lestrade’s attention before turning to face Sherlock, whose hands began moving with practised ease.
John glanced down at the device in his hand. It’s a picture message, from an unknown number that is hidden. Turning his back to the crime scene to give himself the illusion of privacy, he slides his thumb across the screen to view the message. The picture doesn’t load at first, so he presses it absently, wondering if some poor girl has accidently send nudes to the wrong guy (if so, he will delete them immediately, he tells himself), or if someone is deliberately sending him pictures of something, as a practical joke or whatnot.
He felt the moment that he began to wake, stretching against his body, a faint noise of content escaping him. Sherlock stiffened as he came to, his breath stuttering until John touched a hand to his shoulder.
Mycroft’s face was illuminated from below with a silver-blue light, highlighting the blue in his eyes that was so similar to his siblings. He hesitated a moment, before turning the screen towards the others, displaying the postcode in the screen.
His fondness from the morning is gone, he realises. It could never have been strong, if this is enough to break it like the glass at John’s feet. Or perhaps it was too strong, and the fragments on the linoleum are testimony to the betrayal that thumps in John’s chest with each pulse of his heart.
John nodded, unable to reply whilst his hands were full of cocaine. “Lestrade?” he asked, trusting Sherlock to recognise the name without hearing it.
“I’d rather you were there.” It was said harshly, blurted out almost unintentionally. “I mean – it’s fine if – you wanted to... stay?”
The rock of the taxi as it brakes to a stop opposite an alleyway is enough to cause the two men to look around. Sherlock tugs the door open and swings himself out, leaving the beautifully damned man behind him to pay the fare. He gulps the cold air like a parched man at an oasis, letting the current of the wind drag him out of what could have been, into what is. The feel of harsh concrete beneath the soles of well loved leather and the knowledge of the chase, being one step ahead, grounds him, tethering him to the fixed point of crime. And then there was a presence at his side, and suddenly the plethora of potentially incriminating evidence, DNA and fingerprints, was a secondary necessity.
Half an hour later Lestrade shook his head. “Nothing. They reported the cab stolen over a year ago, but let it drop when insurance covered it. They have no idea of its whereabouts.” He sounded exhausted, echoing the weariness that lay heavy over John.
He moved hurriedly through the maze that led to the fresh, cool air of outside, and raised a hand to beckon a taxi, not caring if Lestrade noticed he was gone or not. The plain back fabric upholstery on the cab seats was a balm on Sherlock’s battered mind. He closed his eyes, and thought of nothing but pain for the rest of eternity. Lights passed overhead, and the colours screamed as they flickered behind his eyelids.
The three men stood in Lestrade’s stuffy office, as late afternoon burned in the sky. Thanks to Mycroft, they had been able to get their hands on the tape from the CCTV camera closest to Baker Street, but it had been near futile. The footage was of the corner down from 221, meaning that there was nowhere in the shot that showed the black door, or the bedroom window of either occupants.
The blackness of the blindfold caused his heart to thump wildly.  Unable to see, he could not predict the movement of his captors, could not brace himself against the touch he was sure would come. The three men seemed to enjoy taking it in turn, each doing their worst, though Sherlock feared only one.
Sherlock feels the man’s groan through his mouth, and sobs, the sound swallowed with a grin. He crowds closer, and Sherlock feels his erection pressed against his chest. He starts moving then, even as he continues to kiss Sherlock, even as Sherlock continues to struggle, undulating against him, rubbing himself against his captive. The grunts of stale air into Sherlock’s mouth get more and more frequent as he moves, and Sherlock cries soundlessly.
John nodded. “Drug mules,” he said aloud, watching as Lestrade nodded. “They were kidnapped for doing something that they weren’t supposed to.”
But the hands that touched him next were gentle, tugging the blindfold from his eyes, and stroking his matted hair from his forehead. Sherlock opened his eyes slowly, blinking in the harsh light that spilled in from the open doors on the far end of the building. Looking up, he saw John’s face, contorted with worry and anger. The moment that John saw him register his presence, he twitched the corner of his mouth up in recognition, something that vaguely resembled a smile of reassurance. As he pushed his head into John’s palm, taking comfort in the small motion of his hands, someone cut the ties that bound his own hands behind his back.
He sighed, and heaved himself up into a sitting position. The dust that kicked up from the duvet swirled in front of the window, creating inane patterns in the air. John stretched, listening to his joints pop as they unfolded from their night rest.
I seem to have forgotten how to write in the interim though, so I won't be claiming this as my best piece of work by any means, but I've kept you waiting for so long that I just..
It was times like this that he needed the steadfast reassurance that John could provide. The comfort of adrenaline, the peace in a narrowly missing bullet, the sanctuary in the blood welling from a cut. Nothing replaced the feeling of cold concrete kissing the soles of his feet as he ran, dodging pedestrians, jumping fences. But it was all void without John. He wouldn’t have mattered before, if Sherlock hadn’t let himself grow so attached. So sentimental.
John’s mobile vibrates against his leg from where it sits in his pocket. He pulls it out with one hand, not really looking, too distracted by the way Sherlock’s coat frames his silhouette and he rises from his crouch. They make eye contact for a second, and John catches the almost-smile that Sherlock gives him, returning a full smile at the detective.
Moving forward with his shorter shadow, Sherlock confirmed with a glance that this was the same car that he had seen in the CCTV footage, though the previously sleek paintwork had peeled back to reveal its bare components. It almost looked as if it could have been his brother’s commandeered vessel, had it not been for the cheaper upholstery interior. The evidence of an attempted fire was clear inside; black soot smudges licked over the beige roof, charcoal settled over the seats, not fully hiding the clothes that were piled there. Sherlock took a bag from his pocket, followed by a penknife. Reaching into the car he extracted the object of his focus with ease. A high heeled shoe. Probably red when bought, but now brown through wear and damage. Dirt was still visible on the point, caked around up the heel. A veritable goldmine of clues. Continuing to search the smoky dashboard and backseats yielded little, although Sherlock did find an unopened packet of cigarettes, which he pocketed.
And, in the end, he had been taken. He had died, he was no more. Like everyone else, he had ceased to exist, had become part of the billions of dead rather than the billions of living. And he made the transition with the same ease that the rest of the population. How extraordinarily ordinary after all.
He can't argue, so he just shrugs. John is irritatingly good at calling him out on his lies these days. Before, when John's sign language was still clumsy, he had to watch Sherlock's hands, missing whatever expression was on Sherlock's face. These days, John is almost fluent, and rarely needs to see more than a peripheral to catch the gist of Sherlocks sign. They stand awkwardly for several seconds. John clearly wants to offer comfort, Sherlock clearly can't accept the wordless noises he would normally make in this situation. John's eyes tighten with determination.
Scattered across the floor were clothes, crumpled and shying away from view. Some looked as if they hadn’t been washed in months, were practically merging into the beige carpet. What looked like it had once been Chinese takeaways rested on the dresser and bedside table, giving the impression that had it not been for the stench of human remains in the room, it would doubtless have smelt of mould and soy sauce.
Laying it down on the bed, Sherlock shrugged of the robe of his dressing down, letting it pool like water at his feet, liquid silk. Reaching down to grasp the hem of his t-shirt, soft through years of use and wash, he pulled it over his head in one, fluid motion. He stood there, bare from the waist up and let his eyes close briefly.
Please take a look at these and check you're okay with them because it's only going to get worse from here on in.
Sherlock considered death. In that minute he thought more about death than he had done in the past year. He was disturbingly familiar with it. It was a constant in the never ending turbulence of crime. So why did the news of one more impending death affect him so drastically? He never was one to get attached.
With John by his side, it's suddenly easy for Sherlock to let his eyes slide closed and his mind slip under. He's almost fully asleep when John's fingers start to comb his hair off his face.
The elder Holmes brother interrupted the silence that threatened to overwhelm the room. Lestrade paused the screen, as his finger reached out to hover above the screen. He pointed at a non-descript taxi cab, blurred in motion on the screen, only the silhouette visible in the light of the streetlamps.
There is no answer. Of course there isn’t. It’s enough that John loses his tenuous grip on his morals and sweeps the unclean apparatus to the floor. It shatters with an unsatisfactory cascade of glass. As he stands among the crystalline shards that litter the floor, he listens to his ragged breathing and curses his housemate.
This time the angle is different. It’s been taken from the front this time, and John realises that his initial assumption had been wrong. This is not the body of a woman. The muscles that are tightly wound beneath the skin are that of a man, and his chest is flat. Though his hair reaches past his shoulders, his head is pulled pack, and John cannot garner anything that might indicate his identity. A mark is etched into his skin. Four lines, one vertical, the others horizontal and bisecting the other at the same angle. The one in the middle is shorter than the others, but looks the deepest. John takes a deep breath and phone Lestrade.
John hesitated only a moment, his thought process clearly written out across his expressive face. “Some sort of cooler for the organs.”
), and, if Sherlock had conceded on more than one occasion, no one outside these four walls was any the wiser.
Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling as if everything he loved was slowly slipping from within his grasp. He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up to see his tea being offered to him. He took it wordlessly, choosing to ignore the presence in his flat as he stood to stand in the window.
Standing slowly, Sherlock gripped the edge of the sink, meeting his refection. He lifted his chin, pulled up the façade, and gently rinsed the stained metal under the cold tap. A piece of tissue blotted the worst of the evidence and was left, discarded in the top of the litter bin.
Not ten paces ahead of him, blood gathered in a sticky sweet pool, steaming in the cool temperatures of the warehouse. The body that lay on the hard floor was dark with blood, and it smeared upwards across his face from where it leaked out of the chasm of his windpipe. A valley was open between the two sides of his abdomen, split wide to expose the naked organs. His eyes were open, though they looked black in the lightlessness of the room. Lestrade and his team shouted to one other, but Sherlock heard them with deaf ears. Deductions flooded over him, and he blinked through them, seeing them through muddy water. Then, he did the only thing that made sense. He left.
Neither brother said anything for several heartbeats. Sherlock remained focused on his guest’s face, watching the internal debate, while the elder of the two let his eyes slide to the fireplace, retreating inside his own mind for a short while.
As always, comments brighten my day, and I love reading them, so let me know how I've done - good or bad.
Such was the case with Sherlock Holmes. He needed John Watson, like a believer needs their god. An alternative pathway, a catalyst per say. A way to breathe. A
A hand brushed his, fingertips fluttering against his palm, trying to close themselves around his wrist. John flinched, looking down to see Sherlock gazing up at him, mercurial eyes tired. He let him hand be held for a moment, before frowning.
The walls were painted slate grey, making the room look dark, despite the large windows in the wall facing the road, which spilt light like liquid gold onto the floor. The corners of the room were gloomy with thick cobwebs, stuck to the wall like old blu-tack. Although no spiders perched among the greyness, the evidence of their existence was left behind in old carcasses of their previous skins.
“What do you mean she wasn’t going to tell me?” He cut him off angrily, “I’m not a child Mycroft. I deserve to know this sort of thing.” Sherlock could feel the anger expanding inside himself; the primitive urge to lash out, hurt whatever was closest.
There is a man, speaking a language that John does not recognise. He is repeating something, over and over, and the other, the victim is sobbing, pleading it sounds like. Without warning, the first takes hold of the man’s leg, repeats his part once more and twists. The scream that follows is almost enough to drown out the grind and crunch as breaking bone twists under the skin.
him. He had seen his last frame, had seen the position from which he would never move. He had seen the bluest eyes without life, seen them open without the knowledge and without the spark that had made Sherlock fall again and again, in so many ways.
He holds no weapon, for which Sherlock is warily thankful. Instead, his hands come up to frame Sherlock’s face almost tenderly. He holds him there for a second, before shifting slightly.
Jesus, do you even hear yourself, you arrogant prick? You saw that. Some poor girl is being tortured and you say it’s unimportant? You utter monster.”
So I'm back!! More than two years later... but heck, I've had some free time for the first time in years , so I've been rediscovering some old passions (writing is just as soothing sit always was - I don't know why I stopped!)
It’s true. John knows it is. With Sherlock unconscious, he won’t even notice if John leaves. It’s only for ten minutes anyway, he reasons. And he probably does smell. Not to mention the blood that stains his sleeves and front. It’s best to go now, before Sherlock is awake to notice his absence.
John met his eyes for a second, and for a brief moment, Sherlock was sure he was about to say something.
Wordlessly, Sherlock shifts to the left, leaving enough space for John to sit next to his prone figure, propping himself up on the headboard. From where Sherlock is lying, it's not a flattering angle for John, but still, Sherlock feels a calm warmth spread over his chest, and he doubts the blanket is responsible. He looks up, and John is looking down at him.
Sighing Sherlock closed his eyes letting his toes press against the dark wood floorboards. He needed grounding. Something to hold him in place as events spun around him, wildly out of control. Control. Anything that can be controlled is good. There’s a certain safety in it, a protection from the impulsive. Whether it was preserving order in the flat, or commanding those around him, Sherlock’s need for control grew, screaming its uncertainty.
He does not expect that when the picture loads he will see blood. He is not expecting the image to contain a smooth expanse of skin, marred by a long, open wound from the bottom of the girl’s right shoulder blade to her left hip. Red is welling out across the paleness of her spine, which is hunched over, a collar of chain wrapped around her neck, no doubt pulling her down.  The gash itself is clean, precise, and John has seen enough in his time by Sherlock’s side to know that this is a knife wound. He knows, from his time as a doctor, that it is deep, and that it will hurt.
There was a sound further down the corridor, towards Sherlock’s room, and John heaved himself up in order to check on him. When he rounded the corner however, it appeared to have been Sherlock himself that had woken John. He was now hovering half in, half out of his bedroom, looking as if he had intended to emerge, but had been caught at unawares, and was now unsure of what to do.
As he shivered from the cold that filled the room, eating away at his bones, a coarse palm grabbed his chin, jerking his head to the side. Sherlock gasped as the movement pulled at the muscles in his neck and shoulders. He waited, tense, attempting to judge what was about to happen.
There was weight on his shoulders that pinned him to the concrete, and knees between his own that prevented them from closing. The skin that touched his was bare, and, Sherlock realized belatedly as a crotch was pressed against his buttock, hard. It took him just a moment too long to react as the pain filled his senses.
He clung to John, panic flashing through him as he was loaded into the ambulance. He calmed again as John clambered in after him, immediately taking his place beside him and taking his hand once more.
Mycroft didn’t hesitate for long. “Sit,” he gestured to the chair opposite himself with an open palm. Sherlock faltered for only a second, before settling himself with strained nonchalance. The position reminded him of chastisement as a child, when he’d insulted one of the teachers or imbeciles in his class. It was clear that Mycroft was not deceived, but had the good grace to overlook it.
Sherlock hesitated before speaking. “I just – I had... uh, nightmares, I suppose.” He shuffled awkwardly on his feet.
He moved to crouch down in front of Sherlock, running his hand through his hair  in the motion. His face was drawn, and he looked years older than he had last week. Looking at him now, closer, and with more intensity than was normally permitted, Sherlock could see the peeling skin on John’s lips, chapped from the worried pulling of his teeth and his inability to resist the urge to pull at the torn skin. Part of him wanted to reach out, to physically reassure him, provide evidence that he was here, under John's care, no longer under the instruction of the overbearing doctors in hospital, but here, under his own, more trusted care. And yet, Sherlock no longer knew where the boundary was. John had seen him at his most vulnerable, but now, even in the safety of 221, he was distant, and each move seemed planned. At the hospital he had understood: John would not want to be seen to be touching him, the medical staff in care of Sherlock's care had been very adamant about separating John's hand from its rest on his arm. He had been too far gone on morphine to understand quite what had happened, only suddenly John hadn't been offering the warmth he had previously.
Upon seeing John, his eyes widened and he took another gasping breath, immediately trying to push himself into a sitting position to face him. John clambered up, holding his hands out pleadingly.
A week passes, then another. There is no response from ‘the office’, and John continues to receive picture after picture of torture. As the third week anniversary of the first picture arrives, John’s phone beeps a message at him.
He's close, Sherlock supposes, and it's something John himself is all too familiar with. He knows that sometimes John will scream in his sleep, has seen him jump up from his lax position in his chair, coiled in terror. Clearly he debates lying just long enough that John latches onto the truth.
When he returns, Sherlock’s parents have taken his place, not even looking up as he walks in. He doesn’t blame them; Sherlock looks like he could slip away any moment, although they have been assured that he is stable. He stands awkwardly by the door, feeling like an imposter, yet reluctant to leave.
Sherlock turned to face him as fully as the confined space in the cab would allow, letting his eyes flit over John’s comforting frame, partly hidden by the bulk of knitwear that wrapped around him in a way that Sherlock envied. He revelled briefly in the blueness of John’s eye, the simplicity of his features that somehow culminated in a being that was, in all ways extraordinary. His hair was slightly longer too, growing out of its close military style. It suited him; took the years from his forehead.
Sherlock shook his head minutely, accepting the water and taking several, small sips. Both men stood awkwardly for a second, before John moved to go upstairs, going to change into a pair of pajamas.
When the hands came, they were rough. They pulled his trousers off his legs, taking hold of the hems and tugging before Sherlock had even had a chance to fight back. Now naked, he writhed, desperately trying to displace the hands that parted his legs.
They all turned to watch the screen again. Sure enough, the black cab traveled past in one direction, only to return in the same direction a few fast-forwarded minutes later. John frowned.
The end is open to your own interpretation; are they together? Aren't they? It's up to you, but they remain each others' best friend regardless (as is the beauty of their friendship).
So come back to me, Sherlock screamed, the words echoing inside his head. Come back where you belong.
He might have screamed, he wasn’t sure, but all of the air in his lungs was suddenly gone, and he fought for breath as pain knifed through him, unrelenting and unending. Sherlock went still as the weight on him shifted, fighting to think through the pain, fighting to escape.
By the time he had done so, returning to brush his teeth downstairs, Sherlock had once again settled in his chair, resting his cheek on the plaid material. John watched him for a moment, before padding over to him, waiting for him to turn before addressing him.
There is a round of affirmative murmurs, and Mycroft sweeps out of the room, letting the door swing shut behind him. John remained, alongside his parents, watching the unconscious form in the bed, counting each rise and fall of his chest, every beep of the heart rate monitor.
Concern growing, John flicked through his contacts and pressed dial. Although Sherlock would not be able to answer the phone, the vibrations would get his attention. This technique had been proven useful many times when Sherlock was so focused on a case or an experiment that a single buzz didn’t register.
A clatter behind him made him abandon his pursuit of the girl’s clothes drawers (which was starting to feel a bit predatory anyway), and look behind him. Sherlock was stood in the middle of a pile of books, which he seemed to have pulled down on top of himself. He looked comical; long coat and elegantly tailored suit, holding a single book, whilst a pile of novels covered his feet and ankles. He glanced at John’s barely suppressed smirk with disdain and kicked away the paperbacks.
“I need to find the source of the dirt on this,” he passed the shoe to John, who crinkled his nose in disgust.
It was a warehouse, by the looks of it. Disused and small, it could have once been privately owned and fallen into neglect. Now, the floor was slick with water, stemming from a crack that ran across the ceiling. It looked as if the rain had found its way through, collecting on the floor, but was unable to evaporate since the sun could not do the same. There was about fifteen metres of space in front of Sherlock, but it was impossible to work out how far behind him the next wall was without being able to hear the echoes.
He hadn’t spoken much either, ignoring John almost continuously. Nevertheless, he sought out his presence, trailing after him whenever he moved into another room. John had learned not to initiate conversation, lest he shy away.
Sherlock nodded, already stepping away from his only companion to venture along the dark stretch, the beam of his torch sweeping across the shelving. Walk past each box, check its contents, assess as merely off cuts from a wide assortment of animals, move on. An indeterminable amount of time. Around him, Sherlock could hear the whispers of other pairs of hands repeating his motions over and over, hundreds of times over hundreds of boxes, to find the prize: human remains.
The kitchen, unlike the rest of the house, was clean. Or rather, the floor and walls were. The surface were still cluttered with leftovers, but it was almost as if they had been placed later, arranged as a strange artwork. Sherlock laughed with derision.
Upon his arrival, Sherlock was gratified to find that an entire section of the street had been closed off, preventing any unsuspecting member of the public from trampling potentially damning evidence. Lestrade waited by the tape, looking exhausted already, while Donovan stood by his side, anxiously running her hand through her hair. Both looked as Sherlock stepped out of the taxi, handing the driver a twenty as he went.
Sherlock flicks his eyes over to the dresser. There, indeed is a bundle which he supposes is the blanket that normally resides on John's chair . In addition, John has brought a glass of water, though Sherlock isn't thirsty, and never drinks in the night. He reaches for the quilt regardless, not caring that he won't use it, it just gives him a warm feeling in his chest that John thought of it. John grabs the blanket and the water without seeing the look on Sherlock's face and brings them both over. Once the the patchwork is settled over the bed, John digs into the pocket of his jeans, pulling out small pack of what Sherlock can only assume are painkillers. He takes them and the water wordlessly, swallowing two at the same time, before returning the water to John.
Sherlock didn’t bother to return what was clearly a statement. A sigh reached his ears as the door to the fridge was closed gently.
John can’t help but feel the weight of the blame resting squarely on his shoulders. If Sherlock had trusted him enough, if John had been there like he should have been, then perhaps he would have known, perhaps Sherlock would have confided in him, rather than shutting him out. If he hadn’t reacted the way he had, yelling at Sherlock for turning away, then he would have been there when he was hurt, wouldn’t have let him be hurt in the first place.
It was this that scared him the most. He had been hurt many a time; it became meaningless, a hurdle to be overcome. But this? Being touched, where he had not been touched before, being stroked by a man he’d never met? This was psychological torture, and it was working. He would have done anything, anything at all to stop this. But his hands were tied, metaphorically and physically, and he was unable to do anything but sit and take it, too weak to even lift his head. It could have been days, or hours. If he knew what they wanted, he would have given it. No amount of information was worth this.
The assembly murmured its indifference to Lestrade’s statement, and then spilt like water around an obstacle. John and Sherlock walked deeper into the darkness that welcomed them with a predatory smile.
As the sunlight began to push out the shadows, Sherlock began to stir, stretching his legs out in front of him with several satisfying sounding cracks. He groaned, letting his head fall back, loosening the muscles that had no doubt cramped as he slept in the awkward position in the chair. Noticing the tea left near his elbow, he twisted, looking at John over his shoulder. He said nothing, but smiled timidly, nodding to the tea in thanks.
Outside seemed dazzlingly bright after the muted tones of the cramped house, and the three men let out unconscious sighs of relief as the claustrophobia lifted. Sherlock didn’t bother addressing any of the collected officers before he ducked under the tape once again, trusting that his companion would be by his side.
Suddenly, all the weight was on top of him, crushing him against the floor. There was no movement for a long while, and it took several long seconds for him to detect tiny vibrations in the floor against which he lay. There was something wet running down the side of his neck, warm and tacky. Sherlock struggled for breath, the hair of his attacker filling his mouth and nose, even as his body compressed his lungs, making it difficult to get air.
John smiled his soft smile again, and Sherlock ached with what should have been. It would have been so easy to close the distance between them, to rest his forehead against John’s and just
The door swung open behind him, whispering across the floor. John turned to see Mycroft walk into the room, carrying his customary umbrella and a briefcase, which he deposited on the chair across the room from his own. He did not sit, as John had, but stood opposite him, looking down at him from across Sherlock’s body.
John twitches awake, pushing himself up, off the side of the bed where he has been resting his head. The pattern of the rough hospital blanket is no doubt temporarily printed on his cheek as he looks up.
whispers a tiny part of John, somewhere at the back of his head, reaching for any possibility of self-absolution. But this too only serves to show how he has failed Sherlock; how he tries to displace his anger.
“It was unimportant.” He sounds almost bored, and suddenly John is livid, and beyond all rationality.
Sherlock turned, still smiling to the man by his side. “This room. It’s clean. The floor, the walls, even the dirty dishes have no spills. Compare that to the rest of the house.” He waited for the light to switch on in John’s eyes.
The steel grey doors parted easily and without sound, allowing the figures to move into the eerily still room. The empty corpse of the recently deceased lay under a simple white sheet, almost elegant in its anonymity. For a second there was peace as the breath of three lungs was shared with the flesh of four bodies, but it fractured into pieces as Sherlock stepped forwards, gloves already being pulled into place as Molly appeared from behind the office door.
“White male, maybe mid to late forties, no identification yet. No sign of the killer either,” he spoke softly, almost reservedly, causing Sherlock to glance at him for a second.
On this particular day, as the horsehair strings of the bow danced with the taut lines of the violin, Sherlock stood in the window, framed by light, casting a darkness over anything stood behind him. As is the way with Sherlock Holmes. Blocking the light. It’s what he does best. As the notes leaped and glided over and around him, Sherlock let his eyes drift shut. The light seeped through his thin eyelids, leaving greyness behind them.
The metal digs in, just a little, enough to cause beads of blood to well up along the string of the incision, before the knife moves away. It’s slashed downwards less than a second later, and Sherlock loses his vision for one, white hot eternity of pain, before the colours fade back in.
John rolls him over. On his back, from under his right shoulder blade to his left hip is a scar. Once a deep wound.
A passing cabbie slowed down at the sight of Sherlock’s raised arm, thus relieving him of the need to further pursue the conversation. Inside the cab was warm, the heaters turned up high to combat the cool air that clung to the two passengers. The driver’s hesitation was fractional as Sherlock directed his to the Yard, clearly discomforted by the infamous men currently sat lazily in the back of his cab, watching the street with peaceful detachment.
Mycroft inclines his head in understanding, remaining stood resolutely by his brother bedside. They continued to watch Sherlock’s passive figure, both lost in their own thoughts. John traced the veins visible beneath the translucent skin of his hand, desperately trying to distract himself from the very real possibility that his friend, his
John turned to face Sherlock who nodded, understanding what had passed from the movement of Lestrade’s lips.
The place was cluttered with personal items; a briefcase lounged against the arm of a battered beige sofa, paperweights held down overdue bills and shoes littered the corridor. The walls were painted maya blue, a colour that contrasted with the dirt ground into the carpet on the stairs, giving the place a slightly lopsided feel. Overall the place was unkempt and clearly hadn’t been cleaned thoroughly in many years. If anything, it smelt as though the owner of this particular rat haven was well on the way to drinking himself to fatality, even before there had been foul play.
The ache that radiated through his chest was horribly familiar. It washed through him like scalding water, leaving invisible, yet no less painful scars. But nothing else would ever hurt like this. Because what can you take from a broken man?
A long inhale through this nose and a nod. “Well, that’s probably for the best. Statistically speaking at least. It’s got the best funding and awareness campaigns.”
Lestrade conceded the point with a tilt of his head. “So you think he was killed by a prostitute? Can I just point out that she doesn’t leave.”
Watching the street below proved to be grounding. The world kept rotating on its axis, the news kept reporting the financial issues with the EU, and cyclists kept getting knocked off their bikes. Nothing would ever change, ultimately.
It wasn’t until a shining black cab pulled up to the curb that Sherlock broached the subject that lay heavy over his shoulders, pressing him down. “How’s Mary these days?”
It’s been four days since he last saw Sherlock. John stands in the bathroom, razor in hand, trying to forget the words burned onto his prefrontal cortex. There have been no picture, and no videos since then, and he feels like he’s playing a waiting game. He feels like a goddamn pawn in a game of chess made up of only queens.
“Unlikely to pick up another client right outside the previous one’s house, but I suppose it’s a possibility.”
The twisted and tortured wood of the violin screamed a tuneful melody, echoing the internal noise that reverberated inside Sherlock’s skull, deafeningly silent. As the bow lifted from the nerves of the instrument with one, final screech of symphony, tormented eyes opened, determinedly dry. Dust motes fled as he spun, blue silk dressing gown swirling around, in an impromptu cape, like the ones he used to have as a child.
The youth forces his chin up to meet his eyes, and the animalistic glee that Sherlock sees in them sends a shiver through him. Cold pain writhes up from the soft skin of his stomach as the thin edge of a blade whispers across it. Sparks glitter around the edge of his vision as Sherlock keens, pinned down by ropes and hands, unable to move away as he is carved open with practiced ease.
It was hair, caught in the catch of the window, accompanied by deep scratches in the wood of the sill. He rapped on the window to get John’s attention.
The walls of this room were painted black, as was the ceiling, and had clearly been done by an amateur. Drops of paint had run down the wall, giving it an odd, rippled looking texture, and the skirting board was stained with it. On top of the black was white shapes, clearly designed to replicate a pentagram, but the lines wobbled inside the circle, extended outside it and crossed over at all the wrong points. Glancing around the room, John saw a plethora of chokers and wicked looking earrings.
A long cut ran from the underside of each collarbone to the groin, classic post-mortem incision which exposed the soft tissues underneath. In the chest cavity, the attacker had clearly used great force: the sternum had been cracked, a jagged line like two tectonic plates meeting had woven its way over the bone. This had allowed the heart and lungs to be removed with a gentle touch. The story was much the same further down the body. Each organ had been meticulously removed, without so much as disturbing the muscular walls of the abdominals (with the exception of the initial incision). Every vital organ that could possibly be profited from had been taken. Black market trade then.
There was a gathering of policemen moving throughout the room, gathering the utensils that had caused so much pain only hours previously. There was no sign of two of the men, but the third lay behind Mycroft, dumped unfeelingly on the floor, a bullet wound through his head. Too disorientated to make much sense of what he saw, Sherlock closed his eyes, reaching out blindly for his brother with his free hand.
He was shouting now, and he didn’t care. He raised the phone to illustrate his point, only to see that the message had been deleted. Sherlock, for his part merely shrugged.
When morning dawned the following day, John woke to long arms draped across him, effectively pinning him to the mattress. Despite being restricted, he smiled. Warmth radiated out from the body beside him, almost uncomfortably so, and soft puffs of breath were damp against his neck. Close together like this, John could smell Sherlock, his hair tickling the tip of his nose.
Downstairs, Sherlock sleeps dreamlessly, snuffling slight noises he can’t hear. As a result, the soft slither of his window opening from the outside falls on literally deaf ears, and Sherlock does not wake until a large, sweaty hand is already pressing a chloroform-laden rag over his mouth, muffling his movements with heavy bodyweight in the few seconds it took for the fight to leave Sherlock’s body.
It was small, but menacing. The brickwork was exposed, the windows boarded up. As they went around the back, John saw the taxi cab, innocently hidden behind the back wall, invisible from the street. The sound of the Thames trickling by masked their footsteps as they crunched on the gravel, swinging open the rusty metal gate as they went.
With that he storms past the yellow police tape, not stopping to hear Lestrade calling out after him.
Okay, I'm sorry there was such a delay, and I know that it's pretty short and not all that interesting, but I've currently got a heap of exams, and stuff going on with family.
The door creaked as it was winched open, cerulean blue in the spinning lights of the police cars that parked patiently on the curb. The inside of the building was dimly lit, leaving the shadows to become monsters in the dark. Foreboding hung like streamers from the rafters, tickling the shoulders of those who passed beneath. The building hummed with the quiet buzz of electricity and secrets, muffling the sounds of scuffing footsteps that shuffled uneasily through the door. Rows of shelves filled with iceboxes created yawning alleys within the single room, breaking up the space to something far larger.  The unsettled crowd hovered uncertainly, waiting for authority, as a pack of wolves may in a crisis.
Sherlock smirked. “Exactly. Meaning whoever it was came prepared. Or had an accomplice who came later.” He paused for a second, pulling out his phone and texting Lestrade to check the CCTV. “Kitchen.” He decided, already moving and trusting John to follow, loyal soldier that he was.
An evidence bag appeared by Sherlock’s shoulder. He ignored in it favour of standing and surveying the room once more, prompting a sigh from the other detective in the room, who began depositing bottles in the bag wearily.
