He noticed she was actually pretty damn small, and probably wasn’t a real threat.
way. Because I'm
“No wonder you said Ares is your type, then. If ‘nice ass’ and ‘nice car’ are the only criteria…” Cas smirked, knocking his kneecap against Dean’s chest.
“Right, there are other humans in this house. Humans we were sleeping with until two weeks ago.” Cas blushed, getting up to put some pants on. “I wonder how they fared on the couch?”
“Oh my god, are they touching the grill? They shouldn’t use fire, Cas. I can hear how trashed they are.” Ares got up and walked over, sliding the door open to reveal Dean and Jask doing exactly that.
“Let's assume I don't know much of anything,” Dr. Montague says with a playful grin.
They’re both hard, their cocks finding each other like magnets, and Dean rolls his hips when he sees how big Cas’ is. “Fuck... Cas…”
It's enough that Cas stops messing with him… for now. He was already having a hard time concentrating on dinner, but now? He glances over at Dean and mouths “you're mine,” then finishes his dinner in silence.
Cas walks all the way back to Mrs. Tate’s house before he finally talks some sense into himself. Of course Dean was worried about consent — he
The face Jask made was adorable. “You’re evil, you know that? Pure evil.” He gripped Ares’ hips and pinched him, leaning up to kiss his jaw.
“Uh, yeah. And you will too. Fuck this game.” Dean grabbed the remote to change the game. “Alright, old school gangsters, zombies, families fighting for a throne or… fuck, however someone describes the Witcher... some hot guy that fights a bunch of people to get to his destiny? I think he’s also available for hire? Whatever, what sounds more interesting?”
“Thanks. Seriously, can’t thank you enough. If I’m able to move... would I ever see you?”
“Kinda like bumblebees, huh? How do those thin ass wings carry around their fat little bodies?” Dean smiled down at his phone and then set it aside.
“Mr. Kline, I’d like to speak with you about some of your college prospects, would you collect your things?”
be free.”
“I won’t. I’m sorry, baby. I want you to come back here and know for sure. If I force you into anything, you might still wonder. Do what you have to and I’ll be here... regardless.”
“Cool. All good here, then. Hi, Amara.” Jimmy sat up straighter and smiled innocently.
Sure enough, Morningstar dipped out of that conversation almost immediately, and Winchester was clearly trying to follow him, but Abby kept stepping in front of him, running her mouth about something Cas couldn’t quite hear. Eventually, Winchester gripped her shoulder and gently moved her out of the way, then shook his head a little as he walked after Morningstar.
Cas dove in before Dean could make another move, licking a broad line over the filling on his shoulder. He carried on a little longer than necessary, closing his lips over the skin and pulling back. He glanced upward. “Are you going to make out with my forehead, Dean? Because
Things with Dean were slowly getting better. Yeah, it wasn't what either of them truly wanted or needed, but the profound bond they shared was stronger than either of them and they were powerless to stay away.
“Abby?” Cas sat up straighter and smiled but made sure not to tease at all. “What changed there?”
Cas waited a moment and licked his lips, saying quietly, “I remember every second of it, Dean,” and then getting out of the car.
“I’m fine, I’ve been sleeping in the car mostly but we spent a few days somewhere safe and I actually slept in a bed. I eat when Dean eats, which… is about a hundred times a day.”
he tells himself.
“I was actually in t— well, one and a half, but those are conversations for a different day. All that matters is that we did it. We found our way back to each other, and I'm firmly okay with kidnapping you to keep you here.”
Dean moans into his mouth, lifting his legs so Cas can get deeper. He doesn’t want fingers — he wants that cock, and he tries to hold it together but after a few moments he’s pulling back and gasping. “Cas... need your cock. I’m fuckin’ dyin’.”
He flicked his eyes up toward the set and wished he hadn’t, this particular part had Dean kneeling with his back straight and the sheet pooled around the bottom of his thighs. It gave Cas — and everyone else in that room — a crystal-clear view of Dean’s ass. Cas had seen it before, but something about the lighting and the way the scene was staged made Dean’s physique look even better. Cas dropped his phone and it clattered loudly to the ground, but only a couple of heads turned his way.
Cas kissed his head and handed him his coffee. “I’m sorry. It won’t always be this way.”
“Fight the fairies. I hope you know, I am 100% yellin’ that if I ever get arrested. I promise.” He squeezed the ticklish part on Cas’ thigh and laughed as Cas squirmed so hard he nearly fell off the couch.
Cas shuddered as Dean moved away, and then nodded fervently. “Yes, I think that will work. Text me your address.”
Before Cas could speak Dean shrugged it off. “Nah. I’d definitely remember those eyes. You wanna beer, Cas?”
Cas climbed back into bed and kissed Dean’s shoulder, then picked up a piece of bacon and hand-fed it to him. “You really should talk more in the mornings. Particularly to me. Actually… Only to me.”
had an orange tint of curiosity? And it didn’t help that in order for eyes to change at all, the emotions behind it had to be intense.
“Shut up. Little Dean is bigger than Little Sam, bitch.”
She gave him a sad look and shook her head. “That isn’t fair to him, being cooped up in a hotel. He’ll be fine at my house. I’ll send pictures.” She turned and walked towards the door, calling out for Havoc.
P had used a lot of lube, but he was still
A soft gasp later, Cas wiggled off Dean’s lap and put the blindfold on himself. “Please don’t put anything gross in my mouth. Please.”
vulgar note taped to the fridge warning people against eating or drinking something they didn't buy.
It took him a while to get this question out, he truly was scared of the answer. “Did you ever regret falling for me?”
Bottoming out felt like Heaven on Earth, and Cas dropped down to steal a kiss as he rolled his hips to press impossibly deeper.
"Yeah?" Cas tossed his phone aside, actually happy for the interruption.
He rocked his hips, realizing quickly that it wasn’t going to work like that. Cas swore under his breath and bounced instead, sweat already coating his skin from the dampness of the room. His head tipped back and let out a lusty moan as the marble started warming up underneath him from his body heat.
“I will be there in person, but I never know who you will or won’t like. You’re impossible to gauge with those things. I thought you and Gabriel would get along, and look at how that turned out.”
It doesn’t take much longer for Dean to start thrusting into his mouth and tugging his hair. “I— Cas... Cas, baby... M’close. Gonna— come...”
“No, I want him
Cas just blinks, simultaneously embarrassed and dumbfounded. He's been waiting so long to hear those words that they're not fully sinking in. All he can see are green eyes and a soul so bright it's almost blinding. He sees the love of a thousand lifetimes. But before he can say anything back, another familiar presence pops up behind him.
noise. “Right there."
“Cas... holy shit.” Dean huffs a laugh as his legs become jelly. “That was awesome. When you gonna fuck me, babe?”
“Well, lesson learned for next time, then.” Cas smiles softly and fixes his pants, then takes them off entirely with a shake of his head and starts the shower for himself. “Will I see you again soon? I was thinking about maybe inviting Jask and Ares over next weekend.”
had to offer, Cas let out a whimper and angled his head to further constrict his throat, then loosened up as the man started fucking his face.
“You had it right, I’ll be twenty-four in January. This is the first teaching gig I’ve had, as if that’s not painfully obvious, huh?” Winchester cracked a side smile, his eyes fixing on Cas’ chest. “He, uh… he from around here?”
“It’s another riddle,” Ares said. “Just one this time though, so at least that’s something. Looks like it’s a little bit more difficult than the first ones were.”
“Hello, Dean,” he says low, stepping up behind him. He sets the coffee down on the counter and slides his hands down Dean's wet body, kissing the back of his shoulder. “You're even more gorgeous now than you used to be, you know that? Like a fine wine.”
“That’s not how this works. I can’t ju—”
For the most part, Dean dated chicks, but he’d had his fair share of college experimenting... minus the college.
Cas looked out the window, focusing on the whir of trees passing instead of his own increasing heart rate. “Yes,” he finally said. “They had cherry and apple. I ordered one of each.”
“Oh absolutely, come on in.” The man waved a hand and opened the door wider. “Ash told me you would be here soon, he’s in the game room. Right this way.”
I’m tryin’ not to swear.” Those gorgeous green eyes snapped up to his as he realized he’d sworn anyway, and the laughter of their friends and family trickled up to them. Dean smiled, joining in. “Can dress me up, but god forbid you take me out. Alright, alright. Cas, I love you so much it’s
some of them teenage girls are aggressive. I get groped almost every time I go into the damn hallway.”
He stayed quiet, hopping off the counter and walking toward his old record player and putting one on. He braced his hands on the table around it while he watched the record spin, seemingly in deep thought.
Dean grips the couch and releases, moaning Frenchie’s name with a sinful growl and getting it all up his shirt, clear to his chest. The rush of hot come fills him at the same time, and he’s pulled down into a heated kiss as Frenchie slows his movements. Dean rolls his hips through it, stopping after a few moments and then sitting up to roll off and get cleaned up. “Best fuck i’ve had in a year, hands down.”
“Maybe some extra filling? I don’t think we want to waste what we have covering each other when it should be going in the actual pie.” Cas turned the camera back to his face, and Dean wasn’t sure if it was the lighting or not, but he looked like he was blushing. “Do you think we can still wear boxers at least?”
“I could never.” Cas wrapped his arms around him and released a shaky breath, unable to fight the tears any longer. “I love you too, Dean.” He sniffled, but didn’t let Dean move out of his grip to see his face.
Cas took a step forward and placed a hand on Dean’s arm. “Hey, don’t do that. Don’t shut down. I… I’m sorry, I just meant that with Jaskier, you didn’t have to stop yourself from touching him. You just… could. To go from that to this, it has to be jarring. It’s okay to want more, Dean.”
Cas nodded, smiling. “I think that would be nice. Let’s book it and I’ll let everyone know?”
alright with him.
“That’ll do.” He teases Dean's hole and slides a finger in, quickly working up to two as his other hand travels up Dean's body. “And you're the beautiful one.”
“Nope. How long you got in here?”
“It's not of import,” he responds. “I… thought I heard something.” Cas walks forward, brushing past his brother with a confidence he no longer feels. Gabriel follows until they're safely back in the confines of his office, then rounds on him.
He left, shaking his head a little bit as he returned to his own office. Cas knew he had to meet with more students about potential college visits, so he set to work figuring out which ones might present him with an opportunity to see Dean.
“Yes, but we can work on getting your GED first. We've got time, Dean. We don't need to rush.” He scribbles some more and sighs quietly. “Okay. I'll see what I can do about getting that in motion, and in the meantime… you can relax. Would you consent to me calling Bobby?”
“Why? Get a fork. Got a whole tray here.” He took a bite and grinned. He thought of a joke much too late, but that never stopped Dean before. “Glad you listened, I was about to tell you to hold up one leg like a flamingo if you didn’t.”
“What is it?” Dean mumbled around his food and then laughed ridiculously hard when a piece fell out of his mouth.
Cas shakes his head. “You shouldn't have to change who you are for me. I'm not changing for you, if that makes you feel any better. I'm doing it for me, and because I want to feel like I deserve this. There's a difference.”
He snatched the sucker, popping it into his mouth and standing up. “C’mon, J. You said you’d kick my ass at hoops… time to prove it.”
“Why does he need luck with his boyfriend?” Cas asked, tilting his head slightly.
The choked off whimper Ares released sounded like it came from another person. The experience was nearly out of body, and he wasn’t going to last long regardless. Happy Jask told him he could, he angled his cock and called out his name, coming hard all over his torso and chest.
“I know I don’t
Dean added silently with an internal shiver,
“Yeah, I’m here.  Cas?”
“They’re not too—“ Dean cuts himself off, still somewhat self-conscious about his panty thing, no matter how many times Cas has made it clear that he is completely on board.
“Thankfully, there have been many more Mars spacecraft since that time, which have been wildly more successful.  I believe that the incident in question convinced NASA to pay significantly more attention to units moving forward.  Why, the
“Perhaps I could just escort him into the shower room prior to the smiting?  Then we could simply hose things off!”  Cas sounded so proud of this solution that Dean had to stifle a snort, despite knowing that this conversation was (at least mostly) hypothetical.
“Cas, I’m—“
With a single nod, Cas uses his grip on Dean’s arm to return him bodily to the corner in question before backing away once more.
Castiel’s lips curved upward slightly. “It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again?”
Oh, hell no.  Dean loathed that fucking thing.  It was one thing to not be able to come—it was another entirely to not even be able to get
Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Warrior of God, was the biggest buzzkill on the planet.
would like to register her displeasure that I dropped the ball on what could've been a really awesome "PUDDING!" reference.  For those of you who are a little bewildered (bless her, she has a slightly cockamamie sense of humor) I recommend going and reading the lyrics to 'Another Brick in the Wall']
Despite his desire to really take his time with Dean, Cas finds himself unable to resist the wordless urging, and he wraps his fingers again around Dean’s cock and begins a firm, quicker stroke, the cool water easing what might otherwise be uncomfortable friction from Castiel’s rough hand.  He likely wouldn’t have taken any other liberties, but when his other hand, unable to resist exploring, slides down Dean’s chest and over his hip to skate lightly across the curve of one buttock, Dean’s cock twitches in his hand and his mouth drops open a little more.
“Sure I have,” Dean says, lips twitching irrepressibly, “I argue with you all the time.”
He just slammed a door in Cas’s face.  He just
“Hello, Dean.”
Wait, what?  Now Dean was thoroughly confused.  He craned his neck, turning his head over his shoulder and opening his mouth to speak up, but the hand not rubbing his ass immediately settled on the top of his head and swiveled it back around, until it faced front once more.  Dean, recognizing what was good for him, snapped his mouth shut and just listened as Cas went on.  “I could tell you this was a punishment, and you would believe me.  You would accept that.  In truth, however?  This is not a punishment.  You were owed one already, for your little rebellion in the form of ‘junkless Ken doll’ and ‘coward’ accusations, and I have not forgotten it.  You are owed another, now.”  Okay, Dean was definitely still missing something here.  His ass was upturned over the angel’s knee, and all signs pointed enthusiastically toward ‘spanking.’  Cas had been known to make up the most bizarre infractions imaginable just to have an excuse to spank Dean’s ass raw, and now he admittedly had
“Uh.  Yeah?”
How are you
“If you
“I’m sorry, Sir, I’m sorry, I’m
Then he got back to his feet and set about undressing himself, just as slowly and deliberately as he had undressed Cas.  The first time the angel’s eyes started to stray, to drop as if he didn’t believe he had the right to witness this, as if he was sure he didn’t deserve to see it, Dean spoke again, a firm command.
Both of them had ended up pretty much bored out of their wits, and the idea had been rapidly discarded when Cas pointed out that a healthy sexual relationship looked like whatever they both enthusiastically consented to and enjoyed, whether or not it was kinky.
“Yeah, good call,” Dean told him with a smile, letting Sam get back to his Cardboard Chex or whatever.
Sam reached for the die and shook it half-heartedly, letting it drop from his hand onto the board.  When he went to pick up his game piece he froze suddenly before his face broke into a grin.
.  She did it to amuse me, not expecting anyone else to see it, but it was too good not to see the light of day.
It’s not fair, really.
Dean has had many a headache in his day.  He can recognize them all.  He can tell a dehydration headache from a hangover headache (similar, but distinct), from a tension headache, from a migraine.  And he sure as shit knows the kind of headache a man gets when his head’s been bashed against something a good deal harder than it.  That is the kind of headache he awakens to today, and it’s a short trip from that awareness to the memory of the ambush, the fall from Baby.
“Oh, yes,” Cas started, moving his good hand over his injured arm, which immediately healed up.
Mr. Winchester.”
If not for Chuck, if not for the immediacy of how entirely fucked they all are, he might wonder whether it’s another trick.  Whether it’s another play.  Lucifer is always working an angle; nobody knows this better than Dean.
He wipes his face again on a corner of the towel (pointlessly, since the tears just keep fucking coming), then covers his eyes with his hand.  A second later Stuart, who curled in a corner of the box and appeared to settle down for a nap immediately upon being deposited in here by Sam, nudges at his arm.  Dean drops his hand and gives the rat a watery smile, fairly sure he sees compassion in the wide eyes gazing at him.  “I’m okay, buddy,” he says, not entirely honestly.  Stuart chuffs in a way that sounds distinctly skeptical, then performs a weird little move, shifting so he can nose his way behind Dean, who was sitting against a cardboard wall.  Dean lets himself be nudged forward, brows wrinkling in confusion until it comes together.
Dean didn’t wait long, didn’t give himself much time to adjust to the single finger before he was drawing it out and replacing it with two.  He went ahead and gave voice to the low sound of pleasure and wanting that had demanded an outlet, figuring the lesson would be unlikely to stick if Dean didn’t actually make it hard for Cas to keep his hands and his body to himself.
Come find me on
Brief chapter-specific tags at the end of the chapter, as ever.
Dean was totally sure that the porn debacle wasn’t actually his fault, though.  Who knew that a gay BDSM site would have pop-ups that included donkey fetish videos?  The screen had been pointing toward Cas when he’d pushed play, anyway.
He hadn’t quite realized he was sobbing until he heard his words, shaking and twisted with tears.  Hell, he hadn’t known what color he was going to say until it escaped him and he realized it was true, he wasn’t lying.
he’s sulking; this is some humiliating bullshit.
“You’ve clearly got something on your minds.  Shoot.”
In which Dean and Cas start making up for lost time, and Sam has regained his chill.
Dean knows it, and Dean is going to find himself on his knees, half naked before a man that looks like Cas but
“Very good.  What else do you say?”
“I—yeah,” Dean says, voice strangled.  “It—uh.”  Jesus, what the hell can he really say?  He can’t brush it off, Sam clearly realized what was happening since he stepped in to stop it, and come to think of it… “Wait, how did you know to do that?  How did you—”
He gives Castiel the sharp side of his tongue for at least ten minutes, then summons Jeremiah with a holler.  The kid comes quickly.
“So, uh,” he said, starting to back toward the door as if he’d be more likely to make a clean escape if Sam only figured out at the last minute what he was about, “I’m…gonna go back to my room.  Getting late, and all.  Bedtime.”
on their way through their sixth or seventh complete Family Watchthrough of the MCU (in release order, of course), and the most noteworthy occurrence apart from the fact that the kitten has more energy than any living creature should (he spends almost the entire four hours of both movies rolling around the floor assaulting one or another of the many, many toys Cas and Sam bought him) is the discovery that Sebastian is honestly the most universally affectionate creature that Dean has ever encountered in his 41 years.
Mr. Winchester, is for believing that I can be bought.  Consider yourself quite lucky that it is only a single stroke, and that I do not remove my belt in payment for the insult.”
And now, on to acknowledging how very much I owe to so many other people.
Cas barks out a laugh but doesn’t respond, just goes to his knees beside Dean and starts laying down swats which echo crisply in the room, so much louder skin-to-skin than over even the thin panties.
This is not a chapter.  I posted it as if it was, and if you’re subscribed, you got an email and maybe you even got a little excited, seeing that the latest update came two days early.
“Good boy,” Cas praises, “and what’s ten multiplied by ten?”
Needed to do something.
“Open that pretty mouth.  No speaking for you today.”
“Do you know where we are?” Dean asks, hoping desperately that Cas hasn’t been so addled by the banishing that even that information is beyond him.
“Sam,” Cas says, voice impatient, “we have discussed this.  There is no need to martyr yourself when there is easily accessible healing available to you.  Now bring it here.”
“I do not want you to be a school
“I know that you are hurting, and that you are tired, and that you are disoriented.  I know that you were pulled back out of your head too rapidly and too harshly.  I know that you would like to let go again.  I know these things.  But I need you to stay with me just a little while longer.  Can you do that, my love?”
He comes awake shortly after dawn, and Castiel is still there, still watchful, though there are deep blue circles beneath his drooping eyes.  It occurs to Dean as he stretches as much as he’s able to that Castiel must not have gotten any sleep at all.
I gotta tell y’all, I’m extremely curious to see what you make of this chapter.  One of its scenes—I’m not gonna tell you which one—I have been waiting to write for weeks, so it’s possible I’ve built it up bigger than it actually is.  We’ll see what you think.
So he waits, motionless, closing his eyes and trying to go to his happy place (whatever the fuck that is).
hadn’t traumatized Cas, maybe I would’ve had access to my laptop, and—“
“Cas.  Ain’t anybody called me that in a good long time.”  Dean’s just opened his mouth to apologize, when Castiel smiles, just a little, and just for Dean.  “I like it.”
pride.
meant freedom.
“Not the pillow,” Cas says, pacing a little closer to the bed, keeping his eyes on the bedside table, as if the fact that he is drawing ever nearer to Dean is incidental.  “That begs the question of—“ Cas pauses in mid-sentence as it suddenly clicks.  “Really, Dean?” His tone of voice is remarkably mild, which is taking some effort.  Not because he’s about to lose his shit and yell at Dean, mind you—it’s because Cas is on the verge of breaking into laughter himself.  It’s just so fucking absurd.  Creative and obnoxious and entirely
Chapter-specific tags:  Again, y'all, I'm not even sure, aside from the obvious handprint!kink.  Phantom blowjob/handjob/nipple play/anal play?  Sort of secret exhibitionism?  Don't even know.  D/s sexy stuff, basically.
The raised voices were bad enough.  Bright light was just altogether too much.
“Why, you impossibly kinky bastard,” Dean told him (not for the first time), grinning.  “If I’d known you were this eager, I wouldn’t have held out on you quite so long.  So how do we do it without Sam in a front-row seat eating popcorn?”
In which a long-awaited backstory finally comes out, the bunker has been well-guarded these many years, and potions have side effects.
“Looks like he’s still Sam.  Getting the place back into shape should keep him busy for a while, anyway.”
Dean took advantage of Sam’s abandonment of the popcorn bowl to grab a couple pieces and pop them into his mouth.  He paused to offer a bit to Cas, who shook his head with a regretful smile.  Dean dropped into the seat beside Cas that Sam had been occupying, because it was his prerogative as the big brother to steal any seat that Sam had vacated, even momentarily.  The angel quirked a brow at him, clearly noting Dean’s choice to be deliberately (if playfully) antagonistic, and probably accurately tracing it back to the fact that part of Dean still wanted to punch Sam for scaring him so badly this week.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was just trying to help,” Cas says, voice nearly cracking.  For maybe the first time since Lucifer was evicted, he looks directly at Dean, his eyes pleading for understanding.  For forgiveness.
“Ain’t no love lost between me and those two men, if that’s what you want to call them, but even I know they love their horses as much as any self-respecting man does.  They’ll take good care of them.  I’m sure Sword and—what, Buddy?” he confirms, going on when Cas nods confirmation, “—Buddy are getting the best care possible as we speak.”
The feeling of dread growing, Dean pressed Sam, “…and?”
, I love hearing from you guys!
Cas, who ordinarily would’ve had some self-satisfied observations to offer, or at the least a smug look, appeared to have been entirely short-circuited by Dean’s little plan.  Dean pushed ahead, aiming to avoid drawing attention to the angel and raising Sam’s suspicions.
“I just can’t decide,” Michael is telling Dean no more than fifteen feet away, “but we’ve got more than enough time for me to reassess.  Tonight, I’m gonna use your mouth.  Really take my time with it.  Tomorrow, your ass.  And maybe if you’re really lucky, Friday night I’ll try both.”
Dean’s hand had slipped from Cas’s as he sped through the last few steps to the room, barreling in the door and around the shelves that were pulled open just a couple feet.
There was a brief and slightly awkward pause as they listened to Sam’s footsteps recede down the hallway.
“If,” Cas told him grouchily, “that was not what you wanted, you should have been more specific.”
“Presumably,” Cas told him, sounding mildly amused, “you could muddle through with one usable hand, given that your right hand is perfectly allowable for every other body part, but if you feel you would be better served by seeking my support, I am more than happy to provide you with whatever assistance you might require.  What else?  We have already established that if you find it challenging to urinate with only the use of your left hand, other options are available to you.  Unless you are requesting that I aid you in that as well?”
The strip-tease was maybe the biggest failure yet.
Instead of obeying, Dean flings himself sideways, as if to climb off Cas’s lap.
Dean finds himself backing away, although it’s not because he has any real desire to escape from either Cas or his sensual threat.  It’s more about the pleasure of being
A few more moments of arranging, a quick trip to a storage room down the hall and the small bathroom one hall away, and everything was situated.
Dean knows for certain that there’s a perfect comeback out there somewhere, a really witty, perfectly pithy one, one that’s both biting and clever and will probably end up with his ass paying the price for his sharp tongue—but honestly, he’s too busy gaping at the sheer audacity of his brother and his boyfriend to even try to figure out what it is.
The clearing lapses into silence, and still, Castiel waits.  He counts off one minute, then two.  He counts off ten full minutes, and all the while, he talks himself down.  He forces on the mask he’s so good at wearing around his kin.  He cooks up a strategy.  He must be careful.  He must be very, very good.  Michael cannot for a second suspect that Castiel saw anything, knows anything.  In truth, Castiel ought to wait for two o’clock to arrive if he really means to avoid suspicion, but he cannot bear to leave Dean at Michael’s mercy any longer, even if Michael does nothing further tonight but look at him.
“—not saying that, but you cannot know the level of openness that is asked of him,” Dean wasn’t sure what Cas wasn’t saying, he hadn’t caught that part.
to take him apart piece by piece?  Well, shit, it might be worth the payback Cas will manage to deliver in spades, if it plays out that way.  On the other hand, Dean’s not stupid; he knows the odds of actually getting that far are vanishingly small—but damn, is it a lovely thought.
Cas nodded, giving him a small smile which rapidly morphed into shock at Dean’s next words.
what I wanted.  I just didn’t know I wanted it.  Damn, I wish we’d gotten it on camera.”
This had to be it.  It
“But that’s exactly what I was saying!  He hates me!”
that kept trying to escape him (and losing both battles, dammit), dug his teeth into his lower lip.  He had two goals when he finally spoke.  The first was for his voice to be steady.  The second was for his tone to again fall just on the right side of snarky.  He was pretty impressed with how well he managed it, too, “Delighted that my sore ass has the power to inspire such poetry,” The fingertips that were pressed, still fairly lightly, into a welt shifted suddenly, until one fingernail was scraping across the edge where two welts just barely met.  Welp.  There went the steadiness in his voice, and, okay, he gave in to the wordless admonition, even if his not-quite-steady voice was also not-quite-respectful,
Ten weeks old
“It’s fine, we can—“
“Okay, if one of you doesn’t cut out the googly eyes and tell me what—“ he paused, suddenly registering why the unchanged room nevertheless looked different.  “Hey, does it seem a little brighter in here to—oh.
of all places?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He hates to do it, but Dean goes ahead and takes the time to hunt down a nondescript car which shows signs of not being moved for at least a week or so.  It’s covered in a layer of dust dramatically thicker than the cars around it and there are some leaves and dirt gathered around the tires.  It’s probably the best they can do on short notice, and Cas is barely on his feet at this point.
the angel goes on, the mildness in his voice replaced by an intent darkness laced with a razor-sharp edge of cruelty,
Dean was a little surprised to hear his own voice, barely a croak, follow rapidly upon the heels of Cas’s.  “More importantly,
A chasm had opened ten feet in front of the table, and from out of it rose a creature that brushed the ceiling.  It was green and scaly and looked for all the world like a dragon, except for the three heads it was sporting.  It hissed loudly and all three of them flinched.
That shouldn’t be nearly as hot as it is.
Cas.  He actually makes it a whole
The ninth stroke fell exactly where he’d known it was going to, across the seam of ass and thighs.
“B…bu…but you…” Dean was finding it incredibly difficult to hang onto a train of thought for any amount of time.  Every time he seemed to have settled on a coherent idea, it slipped from his fingertips before he could get it out of his mouth.  And it wasn’t like he didn’t have anything else to focus on, either.  Like the fact that the entire room was pitching and rolling like the deck of a storm-tossed ship.  The bunker wasn’t supposed to do that, right?  He was…he was pretty sure the bunker was on solid ground.  Wasn’t it?  Maybe he should ask.  “S-Sam—my.  Mo—moving?”
“Just enough.  Perfect.  I promise.  Greener than St. Patrick’s Day.”  His voice was a hot mess, shaky and thick with the tears he had shed, but the naked sincerity in it was clear to both of them.
They were rising and falling, loud and then quieter, cresting and falling upon him like waves pounding against the beach.
“Yeah,” Dean says testily, finally daring to peel his hands away from his still-ringing ears, “I got that while you were trying to rupture my eardrums.  Any plans on telling me what I’m not going to believe?”
This time the tone of voice has tipped over fully into stern.
Cas glances at the roach, then back at Dean before sighing slightly.  “He is not a child, Dean.  There is no need to protect his delicate sensibilities.”
“When she insisted upon going off on her own—this was prior to Amelia’s death, if you recall?”
Dean knows, even before he opens his eyes, what he is going to see above him, but he dares to hope that he’s wrong.
Somebody probably should have checked the weather reports.
So—yes.  Frustration and fury aren’t things he lacks, and it would be dangerously simple to turn the weight of both on Cas.  Dangerously simple.  Both dangerous and simple.
It’s not his first flashback but it’s by far the most immersive.  The others have lasted no more than a second, two or three at most.  This one?  This goes on and on, and it’s not until he begins to finally climb back into the now that he discovers his skin has been scrubbed raw and red once more, just as in the wake of the
he just told Castiel, Angel of the fucking Lord, to go fuck himself.
I was being than the fact that I thought I was about to be murdered kind of disrespect.
Dean recoils a little.  “I would never hurt an animal that wasn’t a real threat to my life, and whatever I think of that little shi—of
, and
“If you say ‘Ruby,’ so help me God, I’m gonna punch you.”
The slight movement of the mattress heralded Cas, settling himself onto it beside Dean.  One of his hands skated lightly over Dean’s back, words quiet.  “Just let go, Dean.  It will be so much easier,” he urged softly.  Cas was not talking about the grip Dean had on the blankets.  He was talking much more broadly than that, and he was right.  And Dean felt like maybe he could, as soon as that hand rested upon him.
“That is bribery, pure and simple,” Dean declares, narrowing his eyes at Cas and Sam before another few licks complete with enthusiastic wiggles from the puppy turns his attention back to the festival of precious in his arms.
“I am not interested in your excuses, Mr. Winchester,” Cas broke in sharply, “as you always seem to have a ready supply of them.  It is your own actions that find you here, and you will find that I am unswayed by any arguments that suggest that athletics are more important than your education.  Come in.”
Cas, who had lifted his head to look at Dean (thus pausing the festivities entirely, once he was out of contact with the handprint), frowned slightly, brows knitting as he took in Dean’s posture, the lines of tension etched on his face now that Sam was no longer looking at him.  Leaning in, he pressed his lips against Dean’s ear, but when he spoke this time it was neither promise nor threat.  He was not the perfectly controlled Dom, meting out the promised punishment, he was simply Cas, the love of Dean’s entire fucked up life.  The kindness and concern in his voice were palpable, as real—even moreso—than the phantom touches.  “Dean.  Do you need me to stop?  Do you need to use your safeword?”  That warm voice didn’t merely give permission, it provided the absolution which Cas would resolutely insist Dean would never need for using a safeword (but which he would likely still always
He can still feel the phantom pain, ghosts of blood and semen trickling out of him.  He retches, coughing, the bile burning his throat and nose, tears and snot dripping down his face.
He was desperate to feel the angel’s cock stretching him (although at this rate, by the time Cas was done it wouldn’t be much of a stretch).
Hey gang!  Your patience has paid off!  Guess what's still not abandoned?
“I will make you a deal, and if you will consent to take a quick sponge bath without overly complaining about the temperature of the water and go to bed without further complaint, I will see about waking you up in a manner I feel sure you will enjoy.”
The summary, in its entirety (with the exception of 'in which') is lifted verbatim from W.B. Yeats poem "The Second Coming."  It's...a disturbing poem, to say the least.  I won't C&P it here, but if you're interested you should go take a look.  It's incredibly vividly written and the imagery is as compelling as it is chilling.
He padded his way to the bathroom on bare feet.  Once he was done, he paused long enough to not only wash his face but also brush his teeth, which felt a little furry after so much sleep.  Feeling quite a bit more alert with the help of cold water, he returned to his room to find Cas waiting for him with a glass of ice water and a plate laden with a giant sandwich and a pile of chips.  Suspecting that he was pushing his luck, he turned his most charming grin on the angel, cocking one hip against the doorframe and inquiring, “what, no beer?”
He really ought to have known better.  The hand that had been so nicely rubbing the sting from his cheeks again set to its task, dropping another fifteen or twenty spanks to Dean’s upper thighs and that particularly tender spot where his ass and thighs met.
Sam smiled wryly at both of them and shrugged easily.  “I’m not trying to say it’s been a picnic, but at no point did I think that you guys were doing this on purpose.  Sometimes shit just works out in funny ways.”
There’s not much in the way of crime in a town Lebanon’s size (as of the 2010 census, the official population inside the town limits was 218), so their police department isn’t exactly state of the art.  Mostly because it doesn’t actually exist.  And even if they had one, Dean and Sam long ago established a don’t-shit-where-you-eat policy.  They don’t engage in the kind of sketchy shit that is their stock-in-trade that close to the bunker.  They’ve never been willing to potentially compromise their safe haven by making themselves wanted criminals this close to home.
Holy fucking shit, Cas had been
Cas, unperturbed by the question, chuckled, drawing his hand back and pausing ominously.  Dean held his breath and realized, when Cas chuckled again, that his entire body was cringing in anticipation of what might come next.  Gritting his teeth, Dean deliberately relaxed his body, and when Cas’s hand returned to his ass, it was to once again rub circles across its flesh.
That metronomic hand continues its rise and fall, which makes it a lot harder for Dean to process this new information, but he’s been a hunter since before he was much of anything else, and he’s spent his life being attuned to any hint of
Dean heard himself protest hotly, then snapped his mouth shut before he could go on.  He knew better than to let his mouth get away from him like that in one of these intensely charged moments.  Now he was going to pay for the lapse in judgment.
“That’s what I thought... breathe, let me in that tight ass.” The man groaned, and Cas assumed he was finally sinking inside the only ass in the world Cas truly wanted.
“Course, Cas. With all of me.” Dean’s cock twitches in front of him as he pushes back against him, and Cas slides his cock between Dean’s thighs.
“Anything can make that marshmallow puke,” Cas shot back, happy that he and Jask were at a place where they could banter. “When’s your wedding, Jaskier? I’m sure Ares would love to marry you.”
Ares couldn’t take it anymore and reached down to palm himself. “Gods, your mouth! J...”
“He’s right,” Jask said quickly as he took Ares’ hand. “Why put off the inevitable?”
“Lee?!” Dean tries to sit up, but his body still aches, so he lays down on Cas’ bed but keeps his arms around him. The thought of Lee lying dead somewhere like Gad has his chest tightening and anger coursing through his veins, but he knows he's no match for Cain. Not without a weapon.
“Yes,” Cas growls, digging his fingers into Dean’s hips. Something about knowing Dean misses sucking him off does things to Cas that shouldn't be possible. “Upstairs. Now.”
There was no way Cas could understand him, and maybe Dean was thankful. Because
she mocked.
question is answered, hm?”
He smiled, wanting so badly to know that was true. “What if you see Dean and realize you want him?” It came out as a whisper, because he was afraid to even say it out loud.
He pulled back, breathless and happier than he had ever been, and the rest of the world ceased to matter — if it ever had at all. “I suppose it’s not so unreasonable then, is it?”
“You’re… surprisingly comfortable for someone so” — he squeezed Dean’s bicep — “muscular. I don’t particularly want to move.”
Another sleepless night had Dean in his living room, playing the guitar at 3am. He was sure Cas was asleep, or at least he hoped he was. Cas hardly ever slept and he’d also never heard Dean play. In fact, Cole was the only one he ever played around, and that was because he dared him a few months ago. But this was one particular thing Dean kept to himself.
Cas heard the creaking of an old car door and the sound of boots on gravel as Woody walked up behind him. His rough hands gripped Cas’ hips and slid inside his pajama pants as he peppered kisses along the back of his neck.
cock. You will come by my hand, or not at all.” He sped up, feeling the change in Dean’s body that told him he was closer to coming than Cas had realized.
The ride over to Sonny’s office was tense and Benny refused to tell him anything else until they were inside. The moment they stepped in, Jody looked at Cas with sympathy and Cole looked like he was about to start laughing his ass off at any moment. Cas barely spared them a second glance; his concern was Sonny. He rounded on his boss and tried to level out his tone. “Sir. Why are we here? Why wasn’t Dean informed he’d be waking up to a stranger instead of someone he trusts?”
“He was kinda unhinged, if you ask me. Not to mention, he raped me too, so... maybe he shouldn’t judge. Do I seem like a psychopath?” He keeps their eyes locked. “I never hurt another human in my life. Ehh, hurt is a stretch. I’ve never
It was obvious Cas wasn’t there, and Dean walked towards the kitchen as he tried to remember the night's events.
"Define calmer." Cas scratches the back of his head and takes a deep breath. "Yes? Maybe?"
Cas briefly wondered if they should move to the bed, but the thought of losing Dean’s touch even for a moment was borderline devastating. There would be plenty of time for comfort — right now, this was nothing more than fulfilling a burning, consuming need.
“Goddamnit... and I knew you’d have a fat cock.” Dean moans at how full he is and pushes back, then gets bent roughly over the tool bench as Butcher lengthens his thrusts.
“You Winchester?” he asks. “I'm your new roommate, Lee. Welcome to Absolution Row.”
“Yup. Been a— fuck... been a while. You got some fatass fingers, Butch.” Dean closes his eyes and wonders if he’ll have a single encounter here that he doesn't have to get on board with
Crawling into bed without his pre-fiancé was a normal practice, as was the quiet laughter that escaped his chest whenever that phrase popped into his head. He knew there was no such thing as a “pre-fiancé”, but Cas was at a loss for what else to call him. They’d talked about marriage on several occasions, but never actually got around to proposing. Somewhere deep down, they both knew it was because they wanted the
“Thank you, Bobby. You've been very helpful.” He stands, but Bobby interjects.
Dean’s eyes widen at the intrusive thought, and thanks god Castiel can’t read minds. He chokes on his water slightly and has to hit his chest a few times and clear his throat before he can speak again. “Uh... what uh... what would cheer us up, Cas?”
Dean walked over and slapped Cas’ ass. “I just can’t get enough of my
Dean could
Dean nodded again.
“Chicks are gross, too.” They got into a small pushing match but stopped as soon as their pizza arrived. After they were fed, Cas didn’t want their talk to end yet. “So… got a new girl in your sights yet?”
Cas looked up at her with a small smile. “It’s a really nice dress, at least. You do have a little spaghetti on it, though." She kicked him again, more playfully this time and then cleaned her shirt.
“Thank you. Cas... what about you? Will you come with me? Please?” He doesn’t want to be set free without his angel, he knows he'll just end up back in the same shitty spot he was in to begin with.
Dean pulled back after a moment with a smirk. “You love me. Want me to go brush my teeth for you?”
“I’m beginning to regret never having real weekends,” Cas said quietly. His thumb gently brushed over Dean’s in a back-and-forth motion that was probably way more comforting than it should’ve been. “I don’t remember the last time I watched a sunset.”
“You’re like my second favorite person ever, you know that?” Dean blew him kisses and took a huge bite.
Dean quickly looked toward the window and whistled to himself. It was a coward move, but at least Cole would get
Cas was pleased to find his ego was only bruised a little by that. “I get it. There’s not much point in cuddling with someone when you don’t fit against them right. I only let Dean hold me a couple of times, but… even I can admit there’s a huge difference.” He made his way to the kitchen to start making dinner. “But you should know, there was never anything wrong with you, Ares.”
“Got it. Secret touches like we’re a couple of school boys... sounds fun.” Dean winks and blows a kiss.
Cas scoffed quietly. “You wouldn’t let them get soft, anyway. You’d be fixing your car, or the house, or
Cas could practically feel his eyes changing to pink as he watched Dean and slurped up some noodles.
Cas closed his eyes as his cock started to thicken. It wasn’t much, but in those pants...
He showers quickly and changes into something comfortable, then starts a pot of coffee and thaws some bacon. He promised Dean breakfast, and if there's one thing he's sure hasn't changed without having to be told — it's that Dean Winchester loves bacon more than he loves just about anything else.
Not knowing was infuriating, but Dean hardly had the time to dwell. They were coming up on a season finale, so work was stressful. To make it worse, Cas didn’t come with Ashton again to the set.
Cas ate quietly, watching more than talking like he always did, and Ares laughed loudly as Jask smacked him. “It’s his balls I keep under the bed, not his dick.”
Azrian licks his lips slowly and flicks his gray eyes all over Dean’s face. “I'm not surprised. Sorry you had to deal with all of that, but you’re safe here now.”
“Yeah he would. You think I gave a creep like that top shelf? Dumber than you look, Ash.” Dean deals, watching his facial expressions and decides to keep him distracted. “Why you hittin’ on my roomie, anyway?”
“Sure he is. You didn’t answer the question.”
“Fuck, you look good like this, Cas.” He parted his lips, letting that sinful tongue peek out between them and placed his palms face up on his thighs.
It feels so good that Cas can't help it, he slides his hands down Dean's body to his ass and pulls him closer. He's painfully aware they left Rocky's without so much as a kiss, but he's also convinced himself that he won't make that same mistake twice. He's gone long enough... they both have.
Dean tilted Cas’ chin up and kissed him softly, slowly deepening it as he backed Cas up toward the closed door and pressed him against it. Warm hands gripped his sweatpants and pushed them down, like Dean had a few ideas of his own on how to warm Cas up.
Cas screwed up his face, but there was no anger there. “I think this makes me Betty.”
“Ehh... not really. I try though.” He grinned, hoping it would make Cas smile. “Why can’t you gawk at me
Under different circumstances, Cas might’ve taken him up on that offer. Jaskier was objectively nearly as good-looking as Dean, but Jaskier
He still missed Cas like crazy. Their schedules were completely clashing, making Dean worry that it was on purpose.
All Dean gave him in return were the mumbled words and a sleepy thumbs up at an awkward angle, then dropped his head to the mattress and huffed. “Christ.”
Cas was laughing again, and it was jarring Dean’s head unpleasantly.  Clearly, the only solution was to swivel his neck and bite down on the chest in warning.  Unfortunately, that didn’t lessen Cas’s amusement.  He kept laughing, but paused to add in a warning of his own.  “If you hope to prevent me from having any further designs on your ass, that is a poor way to accomplish it.”
Dean hurries down still another hallway, still undecided on his ultimate strategy.  He needs to decide, and he needs to do it now, but how can he—oh.  Without planning it, he finds himself in a familiar place, a hallway that he vividly remembers from another time he fled from Cas and the punishment he knew he had coming, just about one year ago.  Despite Dean sprinting as fast as he was capable, despite Cas being behind him when he started, the angel had somehow appeared directly in Dean’s path, totally unwinded, right in this very hallway.  The bunker had the same warding on it then limiting angel teleportation (not hard to remember that, given the month spent trapped by eight feet of snow and Team Free Will’s uncanny ability to outsmart themselves), so Cas must have simply used his own natural speed—and that is considerable.
“Dean!” he gasped, “is everything alright?  Are you hurt?  I heard an awful—I thought perhaps the snow had caved the ceiling in, or Sam had attempted to blow his way out of the bunker!”  Dean picked his forehead up off the table and started to nod reassuringly, then threw his hands in the air, unable to simply carry on.
“Really earning the Winchester name with that kind of denial,” Dean offered with gentle humor.  “Mind if I join you?”  The hunched shoulders lifted and fell disconsolately in a brief shrug, which was good enough for Dean, who trekked across the brief distance to settle onto the bed beside Cas, slipping an arm around his shoulder.  “If you wanna talk about it, I wanna listen,” he said quietly, leaning in to brush a kiss against a tear-sticky cheek.
The indrawn breath, even shakier than the fading climax warranted, told Dean (although he couldn’t see, eyes still closed against the liquid gumming his eyelashes) that his show did not go unnoticed or unappreciated.  A second later, Cas’s hand released Dean’s hair, one simple word spoken, firmly but not harshly.  “Stay.”  He sensed rather than felt Cas turn away, but heard the indrawn breath of shock.  Dean knew better than to try to open his eyes—jizz stung like hell—but he was desperate to know what had caused Cas’s gasp.  He didn’t have long to wait before the question answered itself—or, rather, Sam answered it, voice completely normal, as casual as though he’d run into Dean and Cas in the hallway rather than come upon them with Cas’s cooling come dripping down Dean’s face
And now?  Well, Dean is now nothing more than a dead man in waiting, here for the sole purpose of suffering before he dies, being made to pay for the loss of Raphael, for every drop of Novak blood spilled by a Winchester over the past decade.  Michael doesn’t suppose whatever he does to such a man—a sinner already in the eyes of God, and bound soon enough for his eternal judgment—will matter much.  In fact, he tells himself, lips curling just a little, it’s almost fitting that he use Winchester’s unnatural proclivities as a vehicle to punish him for his sins.
That, even more than the apparently deserted wilderness, tells Dean that he really isn’t anywhere near civilization.  Or, hell, maybe he is but it’s halfway across the world, in some country in which his cell service doesn’t exist.  Do these woods look foreign?  He examines the plants and trees for a minute, uselessly, because what the fuck does he know about foliage?
Cas’s hands are back on Dean’s overshirt, and this time Dean helps him.  Together, they wrestle it off, and it does take both of them.  By the time it is discarded on the floor, they’re both laughing at their clumsy desperation, but it doesn’t stop their fingers from fumbling just as hastily with the next layer of clothing, trading urgent kisses as they do.  Cas’s suit jacket is next, and Dean is scrabbling with the buttons on his button-down at the same time Cas tries to pull Dean’s undershirt over his head.  Cas wins the momentary battle for clothing-removal dominance, but the second Dean’s shirt hits the floor, his hands are back to work, and Cas’s shirt slides down his arms a few seconds later.  They pause, then, foreheads pressed together, trying to catch their breath, and Cas’s laughter fades away into uncertainty when he pulls back to look at Dean.  He sounds nervous, as if he is still half convinced that Dean is going to change his mind, but he speaks anyway.
“Thank god for him.” Dean waved them in. “You ready to swap wives, Ares?”
Ares chuckled. “If you don’t mind me on top of you, yes.” He knew it wouldn’t be the most comfortable thing, but they could definitely fit.
“Yours. Fuck... all yours. Show me what I’ve been missing.”
Even Ares was speechless. The man was absolutely stunning and he could tell he even had an affect on Cas. “Okay, well... this is Dean. He’s an Aquarius that likes long walks on — this is a joke. Look at his bio, he isn’t even taking that part serious, and he included a photo of his car.”
“What was that? Oh sorry, goin’ through a tunnel. Later, bitch.” Dean hung up the phone and shoved it inside his pocket as he got out of the car.
With a click of his tongue, Jask’s eyes darted down to Ares’ lips. “I like to think of myself as an equal opportunity sportsman. I’ll bat for any team that’ll have me… though, I do have a preference.”
“You're not,” he says softly. “I won't. I'd like to keep working at the prison to help the others, and a big reason why I got you out was so you could keep hunting. This is what you're supposed to do, Dean. But I don't think it should be the
“Ah, fu—” Dean whimpered as he came, staring down as Cas’ fingers were dripping wet with his spend. His body shuddered before he collapsed onto Cas and licked into his mouth.
that drunk.
“Bout friggin time. Why’d you work so late tonight?” Dean lifted his hips so Jask could lower his boxers and lap at the tip.
too long since he’d had any ‘naked’ time with Dean. “Yes, I did. Ashton helped, he said it was my severance package. He fired me, by the way.”
“All twenty of them,” Ares confirmed with a smile. “How many of those are off limits to the guests?”
“Me too.” Dean grunts out, his fingers curling against the wall. “You can have me again later, Cas. Ass is yours... I’m yours.”
Jask nudges him. “Hey. Finish up. I'll talk to Butcher, okay? It won't happen again.”
Jody spurted a laugh and picked her phone back up, letting out an amused sigh. “Yeah, okay, sweetie. Good luck with that. The day Novak loosens the tie is the day I give birth to twins.”
Dean paused mid-bite with noodles hanging out of his mouth as he saw Cas’ eyes, then nudged him with his foot under the table and quickly swallowed his food. “So, Amara. I imagine raising twins isn’t easy, but definitely not when it’s these two. How do you do it?”
The blush on Cas’ face told Dean that
Brady slowed the treadmill for the cool down. “Gonna hit some weights before we call it a day.”
“I agree. Plus, I can actually hear you.” Dean took a slow sip. “We got like 20 minutes before the movie starts.”
Dean rolls his eyes but he can hear that Cole is smiling. “I just don’t know where we stand really. Is it just sex and cooking my food? Or does he actually like me? I’m not asking you to answer these questions either, just sayin’ what my pickle is.”
“Okay… I… I love you, Dean. Like in love… I fell for you. I’m still falling for you, every single day.”
Cas ignored the reunion as he focused on Dean. “Thank you. For everything. This wouldn’t have been… well, just wait for the speech.” He stood on his toes to kiss Dean fully, melting against him as those strong arms held him tight. He finally had everything he ever wanted.
He was in love. There was no other way around it.
“Shit... yeah... I wanna go with you.” Dean squeezed and kissed the side of his head. “Thanks. See... my personal angel.”
Dean’s knees clenched so hard they almost touched and his phone slipped from his hand but he caught it before it hit the desk.
on the couch tonight… and maybe use your headphones, I need to go properly apologize to my fiancé.”
Dean home from work early.
ways if I said a word to you. But things are a little different today, so... you gonna admit it? I’m about to be your best friend, but I need to hear you say it first.”
When they finally broke apart, Cas kept his eyes closed and licked his lips. “That wasn’t entirely what I expected to happen this morning, but not one part of me is complaining.”
Dean pushed the door open, holding a container and two forks. “Hungry?” He walked over and sat with a grunt. “So... I just saw Ares and Jask makin’ out.”
“Ah shit, Cas...” Dean whispered, his eyes slamming shut. “So fucking good.” He began to rock into Cas’ mouth slowly as his left hand fisted in Cas’ hair.
The showers are completely different from the ones in D — there are individual stalls with curtains for privacy instead of one big row of showerheads.
“Why do you believe I am the one?”
Castiel ate his lunch in deep thought. He’d skipped his last period so he could go jack off in the bathroom by the football field, so he was thinking a little more clearly, but he couldn’t get that grunt off his mind.
“Well, fuck.” Dean shot his back too, because this asshat was
Jody eyed him and crossed her arms. “Take an Ambien, get some damn sleep. You know damn well you won’t be on top of your game unless you rest. He’ll be home and you can babysit him then. But Sonny agrees with me. You’re a human, not a machine. No matter how much you want to be.”
He had a diploma, he was eighteen, he was living with the best boyfriend in the entire universe, and life was only getting better. By the time they all threw their hats and went to find their families, Cas strolled over to Dean and melted into his chest to whisper, “I did it.”
“Yeah, always hungry.” He stood up and pulled on his shirt. “Think that asshole is still around?”
“Course you did, sweetheart. I knew you would.” Dean kissed him fully as his friends came over to join. Jask, Ares, Jimmy, Abaddon, Nick, and Gabe were all there to cheer him on. Aunt Amara was standing behind Dean with a proud smile and tears in her eyes, but it was clear Dean wasn’t letting go of him anytime soon. “Y’know, when we get home… I’m gonna kiss you fifty-
Ares cried out in pleasure, pushing back and relishing the burn. It had been so long since anyone but Cas had been inside of him he forgot how much different it was with an actual top. “I’m so fucking full.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas reached over and squeezed Dean’s thigh, then leaned in to gently bite his earlobe. “How much longer?” he whispered.
Normally, Jask got home well before Dean fell asleep but tonight, Dean was already knee deep in a dream about angels and demons when he felt the bed move. Dean offered him nothing more than an annoyed grunt when his overgrown boyfriend shook his arm to wake him, and the dream was already slipping away by the time Jask spoke.
Soft fingers run over Dean’s skin. “I'll allow it, but I don't like it,” he says grumpily. “Kiss me.”
“It was both, like almost everything of its kind. You had your true objectors, those who found religious, moral, or ethical reasons to not want to serve, but you also had those who simply didn’t want to risk their lives or didn’t want to leave their families or businesses. It wasn’t that easy though,” Dean amended, starting to pace between the group of ‘draftees’ and the desks. “If you attempted to get yourself classified as a CO, you’d have to appear in front of a local board. If they didn’t think your lifestyle matched up with what you were saying - for example, you claim you can’t go to war because the Bible says ‘thou shalt not kill’, but you’ve never gone to church and your neighbor says you’re an atheist — you’re gonna get denied. But even if you were granted that classification, it
Benny didn’t protest on the drive over there, or when they got out and Dean was immediately swarmed by all the fake ass celebrities he made nice with in public.
He pulled the phone back to his ear and took a breath, listening for a moment as Dean and Jask argued in the background. Cas cleared his throat. “Yes, we’ll be there in a little while.”
Sighing, Jask nodded and smiled lightly at Dean. “As ready as I’ll ever be.”
Dean grips his ass, wishing he could be buried inside of it — but even this feels better than some random lay behind a bar. He feels their chemistry throughout every inch of his skin and he’s so hard he’s leaking in his slacks.
have been his bitch. He's the only one around here people are actually scared of, 'cept maybe Tiny and the Angel of Thursday.”
Dean tapped Jo’s thigh and she moved out of the way, knowing Dean was in trouble. “Good luck!” Jo ducked away so she wasn’t caught in the crossfire.
Driving was the last thing on Cas’ mind, so he pulled Dean in to kiss him again — just lazily this time, slowly, conveying all the things he was stopping himself from saying in that kiss.
“Can’t fight what’s meant to be. And based on those heart eyes, you guys are.” Jask smiled warmly and then looked toward the door quickly as Cas made his way inside. “He has a key already?”
to fucking do this. “Well... thanks Ashton. But I have to do this the right way. I’m done hiding. LWLB is all yours.” Dean clasped his shoulder and walked around Ashton to go talk to Jo. She deserved to know where his head was at.
“This isn’t Roman Enterprises, Chuckles. I doubt you have to be a master hacker and crack the password.” As if on cue, the television flipped on above their heads, revealing yet another fucking riddle.
Dean looked up and wiped the side of his mouth with his thumb. “You’re hot. I can’t imagine how jarring it was to see you tatted and pierced. I’d probably just go straight to my knees. Not that we’d ever know, Mr. Long-sleeves.”
“Oi!” Cole was on him in a second, pinning his arms behind his back and holding him steady. “Enough, Dean-o. It’s over, okay? Cas is with Ashton.”
“You look great.” Dean touched his hair. “Any of these pet names stickin’ yet?” He practically called Cas something new every date.
Thankfully for him, his neighbor is as nosey as she is kind. It takes her less than ten minutes to knock after she hears the squealing tires, and even less time to pour them both a glass of wine. “Sit, Clarence,” she orders as she slides his drink across the small, wooden table.
Cas smiled and licked his lips. “No. You?”
"Thanks. And that's good for you two. I gotta ask, is Ares a top? Jask assumed he was a switch, but I dunno why, he seems like more bottom type to me but I also haven't met him."
Madison huffed a laugh and walked up to Sam. “So, what are we dealing with? Dean has the weapon.”
Dean looks confused and slightly taken aback, but Cas doesn’t miss the look in his eyes and it’s obvious no one’s ever cared enough to ask him such a question. “Uh... Sammy. But he was drunk, so...” Dean shrugs.
Ares grinned and they walked awkwardly to their car, trying to hide their massive erections from a couple walking past, but they were both too far gone to care. Once inside the backseat, they hastily stripped and Ares lubed up his fingers to open up Cas gently.
"So hot... I... I'm hard again. I love your cock... don't ever want another one inside me."
“GiveittomeCasitsmine,” Dean mumbled, once again all as one word. Cas huffed a breathless laugh and released Dean’s spent cock to grip his hips. He held him still, fucking up into him hard until he was slamming inside to fill him up.
“Don't be embarrassed,” Cas says quickly. His cheeks heat up as he admits, “I've been told on several occasions that I overachieve when I want to please someone. Please, go ahead.”
Jagger walked over and Dean took a deep breath.
“Yes,” Thursday says simply. “He was released over a month ago, actually. He sent us a picture of him at his daughter's birthday party a couple of days ago, it's the first one he's attended in years.”
The last several days, Cas had been…particularly
Dean was feeling…very off.  Heavy.  Slow.  Heavier and slower by the moment, in fact.
“Of course, I feel bad,” Cas cuts him off, again breaking out the scandalized face that Dean probably ought not to find as funny as he does, “I made them
Right now, Stuart’s squeals are loud enough to pierce Dean’s eardrums and make him cringe—although the fact that Cas’s hand has come to rest lightly against the curve of his throbbing ass may have also had something to do with his wince, and observing this seems to have agitated the rat further.
“Dean, there are days and weeks and months and years in which I can make you hurt so good you forget your name, come so hard that you lose the power of speech, and beg so prettily that I wish I could make it your ringtone on my phone—”
So, yeah, they’re gonna leave him and Stuart alone on the table, and Dean could make another run for it.  He could escape the box, escape the table, maybe even convince Stuart to come with him (although he has his doubts about that, now that Cas has enlisted the rat as an ally).  Or he could stay put, but refuse to play the game by its rules when Cas returns.  He could fail to apologize—hell, he could even apologize profusely but decline to ask for his punishment.  He could do any of those things and more.
He believed Dean could handle this.  He believed Dean could finish it.
I thought this might be a good time to talk about where we're at, where we're going, and my plans moving forward.  If you're not interested, feel free to skip this, but if you're wondering about the future of this fic, the 'verse it lives in, and future writing endeavors, read on.
There’s something just
On the surface, this admission wouldn’t seem to be such a big deal.  Unless, of course, you knew that those bottles of orange juice were damn well
Dean came apart in a way he didn’t think he truly had in the aftermath of the strapping—perhaps because he’d slid so easily into subspace, perhaps because of Sam’s interruption, or perhaps because he’d been so focused on making sure Cas knew he could handle it.  Maybe later he’d be able to piece together why the emotional fallout came now, but at the moment he was too deeply buried in it to analyze it.
understand if this little…interlude has taken you out of the proper headspace.  We can pause or discontinue entirely.  If you wish it, I will unbind you, no questions asked.  I will be neither disappointed nor angry with you.”  Honestly, this little speech was unnecessary.  Dean had safeworded twice in their time together—neither time because Cas had gone too far, simply because Dean found himself in a headspace that was very wrong, and knew he needed to cut off the scene before he sank deeper.  Both times, Cas had been immediately responsive, the very definition of caring and solicitous.
“So it was,” Cas says, delivering one last swat to each cheek before drawing back, “and that was a very good apology.  If I didn’t know better I’d actually believe you meant it.”
“What do you suppose we do with it?” Castiel asked, looking bewildered.
“No,” Dean says instantly, well aware of the flaw in this logic.  “You couldn’t have changed this.  All you coulda done was get you and maybe both of us killed.  Mich—”  Dean makes it halfway through the name before finding he cannot say it without his gorge again wanting to rise, so he cuts himself off and tries again, “—he’s been waiting a decade for the chance.  He wouldn’t have let nothing nor nobody stop him.”
he added hastily, “Scrabble.” Sam still looked a little doubtful, so Dean pointed at Cas, who was practically bouncing with excitement, “Do
Seriously, though, between
They kept to themselves all night, but more than once Ares felt his body heat closer and for the first time ever, it didn’t turn him off. He wanted to feel that body heat on top of him, fucking him into the damn mattress and when he woke up the next morning, he was palming himself without realizing.
“So when does Cas have some time off?”
recently, things I can’t really get into. I just don’t trust anyone else to protect him the way that I will. I would die for him.”
He learns early on in that store how easily distracted Dean gets. When they first walk in, he giggles at a giant stuffed bulldog and goes off on a tangent about how he’s always wanted one but his family wouldn’t let him. Then, he finds some chips he thinks look good and opens them right there to taste them. Of course, he hates them, but they still have to buy them and it doesn't stop him from opening up some cookies a few moments later.
Ares sighs and looks toward the bedroom. “Jask! I broke him, get your ass back out here or I'm leaving you!”
He climbed out and started grabbing their things, realizing too late he forgot booze.
He rolled a little closer and smiled to himself when Dean’s arms automatically wrapped around him. He snuggled in close and inhaled, savoring the hours-old scent of Dean’s soap and cheap fabric softener. It was something he didn’t think he’d ever get enough of.
He seems to be having the same thought, because his eyes rove down Dean’s body and it genuinely looks like he wants to say yes for a moment. “Non,” he says, but doesn't back away. “I prefer my partners to be willing, you see. So much more satisfying that way.”
Frenchie shook his head. “Non. I wish it was.”
“Hi,” he moaned, flattening out on his stomach then lifting his ass to take Dean deeper. Every thrust had him gasping quietly and fisting his hands in the sheet above his head.
P once again gripped his hair, this time maneuvering him so he could whisper in his ear, “let me ride you.” P flicked his tongue over Dean’s earlobe and bit gently, rolling it between his teeth until Dean thoroughly got the message and slid out, rolling over onto his back.
“Not for a damn minute. The only thing I regretted was waiting until you were bleeding out to tell you.” He laughed quietly, almost bitterly - rephrasing the same question. “How many times did
Cas didn’t answer for several seconds as he ran his fingers along Dean’s prostate. “Yes... come, sweetheart.” He bit down on Dean’s shoulder and continued stroking. Cas could tell he teetered on the edge for as long as he could but when he clamped down harder, he instantly painted those bricks white and they watched the evidence wash away in the rain.
Something about Dean is calling to him in a way he's never felt before, not in all of his millions of years. He wants to hold him, love him, praise him every minute of every day, but if he doesn't do something soon, he's going to lose him.
Dean’s eyes widen at his size, but he stands straighter and looks around for a guard. His stomach sinks when the only one present slips from the showers without a word.
“I don’t yet... is that normal? Should I feel somethin’? I mean my face kinda hurts. But... people are pissed and I feel nothing.” He looked down in deep thought.
Carefully, Jask eased them into the water and sat behind him, his arms wrapped around his shoulders. “I’m glad this is ours, then. Me and D don't bathe or shower together, we wouldn’t fit. Tried one time in the shower and I accidentally elbowed him so hard he bruised.” He trailed kisses down the side of Ares’ neck, distracting him from the talk of Dean.
Dean slams on the brakes and throws the car in park, then jumps over into his lap and kisses him heatedly. He wants to say thank you, but he can’t form the words to pull it off.
He made it back with a few minutes to spare, consumed with loathing for school dances as he ate his berry pie.
Dr. Montague raises his eyebrows. “Oh, Chuck? He… moved on. He didn't think this calling was the right fit for him anymore.”
Silence.
He gets what he wants after a hard smack to his ass. Victor slams back in, stroking Dean in time with his brutal thrusts. “Better. Not great, but I knew better. Now be a good little whore and come for me, I wanna feel this ass strangling my cock.”
Cas automatically turned on the ceiling fan and looked around for a tower fan, too. He was so used to doing that anytime Ares agreed to cuddle with him that it was just second nature, but he didn’t find a second fan. “Just one?”
Dean’s taken to a completely different part of the prison, this time by Frenchie, and they walk slowly like somehow they both know this is the end of the line for them. When they approach the barred gate blocking off Cellblock A, Frenchie turns to him. “The guards in there, they won't let visitors come.”
Cas glanced at his watch, but there were no messages. “Until Cole tells me they’re safely away from the hotel.” His eyes flicked on instinct to Dean’s crotch and he couldn’t help but notice that gorgeous full-body flush Dean always had after an orgasm. “It won’t be too long.”
Dean stayed down on his knees, pondering those two options and both seemed fucking sucky. “You think she could ruin me? Why would someone do that?”
He came, covering Dean’s hand and exposed chest, slamming back down. “Come in me, Dean. Fill me up, make me yours.”
“First of all, hands off. The food
“It’s not what you think. He said... and I quote, ‘if someone with a gun made their way on set, I’d need my bodyguard to actually protect me, not use me as a human shield to protect Dean’.” He smirked slightly, pulling his hand back and turning on the radio. “He wasn’t wrong, and I absolutely deserved to be fired for it.”
“I like them. It was kinda the only way I knew you cared. Damn contacts block good emotions
He edged a few times, fighting back real life thoughts as he got closer and closer to the edge before his mind drifted to that damn livestream - that he watched three times since - and how pliant Cas was when he lifted him and laid him down on the couch. Dean’s hand sped up when he remembered Cas’ scent filling all of his senses and he had never been closer to kissing his best friend.
“On it!” he calls from the bedroom, and Dean rolls his eyes at the fact that he was listening the whole time he was hiding.
“Look, normally for people like you and Cas, I’d suggest just going to the place you met but... I don’t get the vibe it’s the most romantic place. What about your first official date?”
“Dean, shut up,” Sam whispered harshly, snapping him out of it.
It was late, and Ares was working, so Cas made his way up to the shower and lazy stroked himself to the memory of the last time Ares fucked him. It was rare that they had sex at all, they normally stuck to hands and mouths to avoid their conflict of preference. But when it
It only took one of those drinks to have Cas feeling the warmth of alcohol throughout his entire body, and before he knew it, he was on the dance floor dancing with some cougar.
Cas nodded, not letting go. “Yes, but it was also based on you being in the closet. Since you’re not any longer, my guess is he found a way out of it.” He pulled back just enough to look at Dean. “You have nothing to be embarrassed about… or, at the very least… if
It's a mark of just how much self control Cas really has that he still manages to bottom out slowly. Too fucking slow, but once he does, Cas drops forward and buries his face in Dean’s neck as he rolls his hips to get even deeper. He sounds wrecked with every word, every breath, every thrust that makes Dean’s cock leak with need. “Per-perfect. Your ass is perfect, it's so much… fuck.” Cas’ shoulders pin his chest to the mattress as he reaches down with both hands to lift Dean’s ass, barely pulling out at all as he humps into him and growls against his neck. “Even better than I remember.”
Kissing his way back up Ares’ body, Jask slid his leaking cock over him and kissed him slowly, fully, until Ares could taste himself on Jask’s tongue. Warm, broad hands wound themselves around Ares, and in one fluid movement, Jask leaned back and flipped him over onto his stomach. “Mine,” he growled low, spreading Ares’ legs apart and popping open the lube again.
bodies well. I know you wouldn’t have trouble in the ladies department if you weren’t tied down, but imagine how happy Jo would be to see you taking care of yourself.”
Silence answers him, and Dean's confused for a moment when Cas disappears — until his legs are shoved apart and a hot, insistent tongue starts cleaning him up. Cas sucks the mess from his balls and leaves small, quick hickeys on the insides of his thighs as he finishes the job, then pulls back enough to spread Dean's cheeks and dive back in.
By Tuesday, he couldn’t avoid Charlie anymore. She caught up to him outside of Madbay’s psych building and cornered him against a wall. “Where the
To his surprise, Cas darts from the kitchen to answer the door and Dean follows. “You never answer the door... where the hell is Jask?”
Again, he's rewarded with a handful of whistles and catcalls that don't stop until Butcher threatens them.
He had work in the morning, so he didn’t watch too long before he was drifting off to sleep. Working at 5am every day was rough, but unless he wanted to roast in the summer sun, it was necessary with a construction job. Dean didn’t even try to make it to his bed, he slumped over in his jeans and passed out.
Dean tosses his head back with a laugh, thinking about how this day is already so much better than he expected. “This is friggin epic. Cas... I haven’t laughed that hard in years. Alright, lemme in your back door.” He follows, still chuckling as he walks.
required to wear contacts. Shit is distracting as hell, how do you deal with it?”
Three chapters today, so make sure you read them all. (26, 27, 28)
She stood quickly and crossed her arms over her chest. “I’m sorry, Castiel. I… should’ve called, but I didn’t know what to say. I needed to see you.”
Cas’ cheeks flushed as he thought about
“Are you sure, Ares? If you’ve never met them...” Dean offers a gallic shrug. “How would you know?”
The giant chuckles, gallic shrugging. “Funny. Name's Benny. And brotha, look around you. I'm the best you're gonna get in this block.”
Their waitress — Madison, by the name tag — nodded and scribbled it down, then took his drink order as well before turning to Dean. She tilted her head a little bit when they made eye contact, but smiled sweetly even as Dean attempted to hide behind his menu. “And were you ready to order, or did you need a few minutes?”
“Shoulda asked nicely, then. How am I supposed to believe you weren’t gonna steal and sell my boxers?” He sat down on his couch and eyed her. “Shouldn’t break into the Batcave, Becky. Let your friends know.”
“Damn. Like high school in here, huh?” Dean stands taller and sees he’s much bigger than Ishim. “Nah, that was a one time offer, guy.”
Squirming, Dean got to his feet and grinned cheekily. “Guess I’ve been pickin’ pie a little too often lately, huh?” He smacked Cas’ ass and then turned, dashing off to the bedroom.
“Great... friggin awesome.” Dean stands after Garth bolts and walks to lean against the wall, his eyes taking in his new home.
Ares nodded and chewed his lip, looking like he was struggling. “I see. I can... kind of relate.”
“I didn’t know it needed to be some big thing. I figured Jimmy would have told everyone and I happened to be talking to Gabe about it a couple weeks back, but I thought you knew. I’m homeschooling next year.” Cas rolled his eyes at the disappointed look on Nick’s face. “What? We can still hang out all the time. Don’t cry, marshmallow.” He teased, knowing that would get Nick to say something snarky back.
That seemed reasonable enough, but the problem was that it was Sunday, and any minute now, Dean would be waking up. They’d filled their Saturday with errands, cleaning, and nursing the hangovers they’d gotten Friday night. Cas was just thrilled he hadn’t tried to dance… or worse, done something stupid like kiss Dean.
“Right? I can’t believe I thought he’d survive for even a second. I was convinced he was the main character and he’d actually stick around.” Dean rolls his eyes and presses play, reclining their love seat with a small smirk. “This is what we’re doin’ today. Ordering in all the meals and watching this. I’ll still pay you.” He doesn’t even think about how that sounds like he’s paying Cas for his company, he honestly doesn’t care. He has enough money that it makes no difference to him, but he also doesn’t expect Cas to do anything for free. This is his livelihood, and Dean’s already fucked up one of his jobs.
Dean literally drooled as he sped up his hand, his eyes locked on P’s flawless ass and within minutes, Dean was coming. He let his head fall back and sighed before looking down at the mess. He snapped a photo, and sent it to P.
“Hey. You must be Dean,” he says as he holds out a bandaged hand. “I'm Jask. Jask Morningstar. Guess we're cellmates.”
Sonny nodded to Cole and the pressure left his arms as Cole backed away. “You’ll figure out soon enough that I did you a favor, son.”
“Fuck.” Dean whispered and kneeled before him, reaching up and gripping Cas’ boxers, his mouth watering with need.
Benny turned, seeing Dean just standing there. “You stepped in it this time, cher. That’s your best guard you pissed off.” He waved his phone in the air and then slid it back in his pocket.
“Yes, Ma’am.” He smiled, loving the sound of free periods with Cas.
His body was shaking slightly as he trailed his fingers over his own skin. “How do I look?”
Dean snapped him out of it as the director yelled that they needed to start over. “The fuck is the problem here? Shit was perfect like five takes ago! Ima need to
Pulling off, Cas hummed contentedly and stood up, reaching a hand out to Dean. “Come with me, you’re nearly eighty years overdue for a shower.”
“I know, I can feel it.” Jask pressed his fingers down to stretch him open and shuffled with his pants, then guided his slick, hard cock in above his splayed fingers. “Ahh, Christ on a cracker, Ares…”
Ares instantly opened for him and snaked one arm behind his back to grip the waistband of his jeans. “You sure? If you’d be more comfortable we could go inside the car, the windows are tinted at least.”
it's already started. “C’mon, big guy, don’t let me down and go easy.” He reaches down and grips his slowly chubbing cock as Butcher shoves in a third finger.
He huffed a laugh and shook his head. “Didn’t even bottom out. I was your age, too, so I get it, Cas. Don’t sweat it. I’m not goin’ anywhere, and we’ve got all the time in the world to practice if you decide you like it. And if you don’t, I’m cool with this staying the way it has been.”
J was already home, and it looked like he had just gotten out of the shower when he walked out of the kitchen to greet Dean. Before Dean could even comment on how adorably comfortable his boyfriend looked, he noticed something much more pressing. “Is that my friggin Zepp shirt?!”
Dean looked up and realized that wasn't a save at all.
“Oh go—d! Gonna— come!!” Dean leans into his hand, coming soon after all over the floor under the table.
which only served to reignite his embarrassment.
“Yes, of course. Everything. I can’t lie to him, that would hurt him more. We had a talk about how we’re humans and something might happen, but we promised to be honest.”
Lee claps him on the back and guides him forward, chuckling quietly. “We don't have cells here, we have dorms, but I get what you mean. Come on, we'll get the Devil to get those cuffs off you and get you settled in, someone else already dropped off your shit.”
“Yeah?” He grinned and pulled off his hoodie, along with his shirt. “Yeah, brought some lube. And a condom.” Dean emptied his pockets and kicked off his shoes.
“Good, then for now… you’re just a regular man, sitting down to eat dinner.” Cas glanced around what he could see of the diner and nodded to the menu. “And yes, you can eat all the pie you want… I certainly won’t stop you.”
They had to search a while for something that could be used for the marshmallows, but Dean found some old kabob sticks from last summer that would work just fine. Whoever got their groceries was awesome. They had everything they needed to make smores if they wanted, but they opted for just some hot chocolate and roasted marshmallows. Dean started some chili for later while Cas set up the fire and took a shower.
Dr. Montague coughs quietly and reads off a few things: the morning he caught the sunrise, finishing his cup of coffee before it got cold, helping a lost dog find its home, and lastly how good it felt when he offered a friend a free therapy session. “Of course, he’d never call it that, and granted... he was just this side of drunk, but... I like to think I helped him.”
The next logical thing to do was check social media, and to review the email Sonny had sent him detailing some of the more credible threats made against Dean. Neither sounded like appealing options, but he started with social media.
Cas dropped his jaw slightly and jerked his head back a little as Dean maneuvered the thing between his teeth. “Mmm, oatmeal creme pie?”
Jask got to his feet and chased Ares, lining his own body up behind his and leaning in to kiss his neck. “Want me to suck you off to take the edge off?”
The shed shuts the shed door behind them, casting them into shadow, but not complete darkness. “I've had better, anyway. But we're not here to talk about your subpar blowjob skills. I made you an offer. You can either give that ass to me willingly and you'll be rewarded with... what was it that you wanted? Twinkies? Those. And if not, I'll just take it anyway. So—” he stalks forward — “what will it be?”
The humor has a grin plastered on Dean’s face. “Yeah, definitely was an awesome incentive.” His eyes dance as he pulls his bottom lip between his teeth and looks around to ensure they won’t be overheard. “Actually, I think your incentive’s influence washed down the drain this mornin’... you should uh, refresh my memory.”
He shoved down his pajamas, gripping his fully hard cock and pushing his brother’s voice out of his mind. "Jesus... he's here in my house and I can't even... fuck..." He grabbed his phone and opened up the camera with a shaky left hand.
“I’m not punchin’ you. I wouldn’t never punch you.” He paused a second. “You wanna fuck again?”
Brady laughed, and that was probably the only reason the asshat was still around; he had a thick skin. “Ladies love my face. And my body. Do you know why?”
“No. I know him. We won’t.” Ares stared into his eyes, still playing with his hair. “I couldn’t anyway, not after I’ve had your delicious cock.”
Dean fingers dig into Cas’ sides and his hand slides over to grip Cas’ spent cock, running his calloused thumb over the tip and stroking while kissing up his neck. “Mine,” he repeats again, and the possessiveness behind it makes Cas whine whether he means to or not.
Dean keeps his fist tight around the base of his cock as he squirms, his body trembling with pure need and he can feel the flush overtaking his body while he waits.
“So, you’re not angry with me for assaulting your statue?”
“Name’s Dean, but that’s okay.” He winked from between his legs and placed one last kiss to the head of Cas’ cock before rolling off the bed.
Hesitation lined every inch of Cas’ face. “It was Sonny, he… Dean, it’s not great. Abaddon is furious, and the response from the social media videos that have been leaked…” He rolled his tongue through his lips and typed out something else. “It isn’t great.”
“Very rude, yes.” Cas leaned in to bite it but the fucker pulled the fork back. “Speaking of rude…” He couldn’t stop the grin if his life depended on it.
“I think the fan broke. It overheated yesterday while driving slow in the neighborhood, but not while I was actually driving on the highway. I hope it’s an easy fix. You look... wound. You good, Dean?”
killed. He tried once already, there’s just no other way it ends.”
Cas turns to face Dean and smiles widely. “Hi, you're on time today.”
“Don’t get shy, it was adorable.” He pocketed his phone and laid his head back, playing with the dog tags he always wore. Cas assumed they were his father’s, but never asked. It never felt like a good time for that discussion. “I’ve known you four years, and I had no clue you knew shit about bees... or anything that wasn’t breakin’ bones. What else do you like?”
“Official? What is there to make official? I pay him to be my chef. It’s already official. Paperwork and all.” Dean’s tone must annoy Missouri, because she slaps his head and turns to walk away.
Dean blushed even harder and shoved food in his mouth as a distraction.
"No! Hardly spoke two words to the guy."
Once they finished eating and cleaning the kitchen, Ares had a moment where he missed Cas.
Benny walks away to talk to a guard, and a skinny dude comes over and sits next to him to take his place. “Winchester, right? I'm Fitzgerald, but if you promise not to steal my cookies, you can call me Garth.”
“Are you okay?” he whispered, then gripped Cas’ legs and moved to drape them over his own, pulling Cas as close as he could. They ignored the other two when they made an
All the blood in Cas’ body went straight to his cock, and he jerked slightly from the suddenness of it. “So do it,” he said, barely thinking about the consequences. In a movement far more fluid than he believed himself capable of, he pushed down his pajama pants and stepped out of them, then settled on the edge of the bed with his legs spread wide. Running a hand over his panties to smooth the fabric and shift his length, Cas laid back and offered himself to Dean. “Come on them, then.”
“What’s that mean?” Dean’s eyes widened as he remembered he had a new pie in the kitchen, and he wandered off, forgetting that Cole was talking.
“Hey, it happens... I mean, I wouldn’t know, but... you know what I mean.” Dean finished the last bite and fought the urge to lick the plate and kiss Cas. “Delicious. Did you have one?”
He smiles a little too knowingly. “Sure. I guess something around here needs to be straight; it might as well be the whiskey.”
“Nothing much. I thought dating guys would be easier, but as it turns out they’re just as dramatic... Myself included.” Cas slipped on some ice and laughed at himself. “See, even that made me want to flip shit. I can’t help it.” They approached the bar and walked inside. “Ready to
Dean moved to keep him pinned with his body, pushing in as deep as possible before he sat there, kissing along Cas’ spine. “So perfect... and all mine.” He sat up to grip the back of Cas’ neck, snapping his hips forward.
Dean shifted before speaking. “Cause you make even the shittiest days better. You’re selfless and kind and funny even though you don’t mean to be.” He paused but Cas hoped that Dean not being able to see him actually helped. “You’re commanding and helpful and patient… You’re everything I’m not. I know I took you for granted when I had you… but when you were gone? Bein’ with someone else never even crossed my mind.”
“That balance is hard. It helps that him and I are the same age, too. You’re just more mature than us.” Cole chuckled. “I wish he had more friends though, he never lets his walls down anymore.”
Ares narrows his eyes at Jaskier, but turns back to Dean quickly. “In completely unrelated, not at all corresponding news, do you remember how I mentioned I met a grown man that didn't know how to work social media? Turns out all of the information on his Facebook was extremely outdated, isn't that funny? Poor guy doesn't even know how to log in anymore.”
dress again, if you wouldn’t mind. I just… didn’t want my softening cock hanging there if you decided I wasn’t what you were looking for.” Cas bit his lip and dragged his finger just above the elastic on Dean’s pants. “But since we don’t have to worry about that now…”
Thankfully, Jo spotted him pretty quickly and came running over, throwing her arms over his shoulders and hugging him. “It’s about time.”
So, Cas didn’t try.
Dean froze. He didn’t realize it was actually helping her relationship. It was easy to imagine being a burden or a strain on them, but hearing he was helping made him actually consider it. He’d never be happy... but if he could help her be happy... “Alright, Jo. W—” He took a breath. “Want me to propose at some public event?”
“Hooow...” he groaned, “how is it still so fucking good. Bite me, scratch me... fucking own me, Jask.” He was already sore, but not sore enough.
Jask tries to deflect, but Cas is on his feet and standing in front of Dean before it even registers in his brain that he moved at all. “Who did this to you?”
“I know who he is,” he cuts in. “That's why we're here, isn't it? To somehow force my hand into catering to hardened criminals?” The warden raises his eyebrows and Frenchie shuts up.
“Ready as I can be.” He looked around and pulled her to the side. “I can’t do this. We can’t get married.”
He laughed, not caring either way in the slightest. Cas grimaced apologetically at Kate as they passed her in the hall and disappeared into the bathroom, and the second they were locked inside, Cas caged Dean against the sink. “We’re terrible houseguests.”
Cas followed him down, smiling to himself with every step. “You know, you’re going to make someone a fantastic husband someday, if you ever allow yourself to be one.”
you could, I didn’t think you’d love
Jimmy laughed again. “No crying, I’ll deck you, too. I’m happy for you. Maybe soon there will be no more secrets.”
“Mmhmm.” Dean moved his hips in a circle, his heavy cock bouncing on Cas’ stomach. “Burns so good, Cas.”
“I'm not
“I think it’s fine, Dean. She showed no threatening behavior, there was no stiffness in her posture or anything at all that would suggest she wasn’t being genuine.” Cas leaned forward and took Dean’s hand in his. “I think this was a reminder that we both needed.”
Dean was still in his room but came out a few moments later in gray sweats and a red shirt. “Ah, come on!!” He motioned to Cas’ outfit.
Apparently, he did. Dean leaned in, pressing their lips together for the first time. He backed Cas against the shower wall as he slowly slid his tongue into Cas’ mouth, and it was undoubtedly the best kiss of his life.
They picked up speed, rutting against each other until they were both coming with loud, intense groans, and the table split clean in two. Dean landed hard on top of Cas, who let out a pained grunt. “De—”
“Can I...” He climbed off Jask’s lap and dropped to his knees, nuzzling his balls and mouthing at the fabric. “Let me taste.”
“What did your guy do when you had them?” Dean asked curiously.
Cas slid his hands around Dean’s body and kissed his jaw. “Is it weird how…
and Jask considered quitting his job so that would actually come true.
Ten minutes later, they were hastily running into the theater. Traffic had been worse than Dean thought, but the race was actually kinda fun. They grabbed some candy just in case and made their way into the small theater, which was completely empty. “Holy shit,” Cas said. “When was the last time we were the only people at a movie?”
Instantly, he made his way for the counter by the fridge. It was big enough to fuck him on, and they also had a bottle of lube stashed on top. He set him down and grabbed it quickly, then stripped fully as Ares did the same. “Bend over the counter.”
professional. “Right. So, you’re quite sure then, that his definition of commitment isn’t simply being honest about other partners, and
Ares looked pained as he nodded. “I’m so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you... I ... I’m falling for him, Cas.”
Dean softly ran his finger through Cas’ hair and hummed, his cock twitching with anticipation. “Uh uh.”
“You got it. Ima ride you so good, you think of me every day while you’re away.” Dean kissed him and grabbed the lube, sliding down his pants to show J he was hard for him, stroking as he approached again. “See what you do to me?”
“I never dated Benny. I just let him fuck me sometimes.” Cas shrugged. “My boyfriend’s name is Dean.”
“Well, the way I see it, you have two choices. You can either marry her, and nothing really changes, you still have to hide either way. Or, you tell the world who you truly are and walk away from fame.” He dumped the glass into the trash can and walked over to wash his hands.
“Ye—yeah. Fill me up! Come in me! Mark me inside and and out. M’all yours.” Dean holds his place so Cas can come deep inside him, his jaw slack from pleasure.
The look in Cas’ eyes was unreadable. “As long as you know that if at any point, you change your mind… I’ll understand. I don’t ever want you to feel like you're boxed into a situation ever again, and I’d never forgive myself if I was the reason for it. So if in six months, or another five years, you decide you want to go back to acting? I’ll understand, and I will support you. Nothing has to be permanent anymore.”
Cas answered on the third ring. “Dean? Are you okay?”
The next hour passed without incident, and when it was time for lunch, Cas made his way to the cafeteria. He hadn’t bothered packing himself a lunch and even the most cursory glance in the teacher’s lounge this morning had told him he wouldn’t find anything there.
Jask could sense there was something else behind the question though, so as he took his spot by Ares, he turned toward him. “Yeah, I do. Do you miss Castiel?”
“Don't care, I’ll just end up suckin’ you off in five minutes and taking a nap before I have to leave. Just… not
“Right there,” Jask says, laughing like he’s the funniest guy on the planet.
It didn’t happen often, but looking around and seeing orange, curious eyes everywhere was actually pretty awesome. “Can you tell us more about conscientious objectors? Was it a movement or was it just something people claimed to be because they didn’t want to go?” Cas asked curiously. For the first time, he didn’t have a witty joke or something behind his words, he wanted to
Ares looked away like he wasn’t sure how to respond for a few moments. “Do you miss him?” he asked, looking down at his hands. “That was a dumb question, of course you do. How about we check out the news? I haven’t had a chance to watch in days.” He stood from his seat and walked over to the couch.
Cas took a deep breath and nodded toward the tv. “I don’t know, but… we should see what motivates
He laughed out loud at himself and looked to the side to tell Dean what he just thought, but his face dropped when he realized he was alone.
Cas sighed and stayed where he was, shaking his head as Jask swatted Dean’s hand. “No! I want Mexican, you don’t need anymore meat. You want meat? Go find your…
Dean shrugged. “What can I say, I wanted someone to cry with me. Got boring doing it all on my own.” He grinned at him. “Thanks for the ego boost, though.”
“You want me to? You wanna be my pretty litt—
noise just to show P he was enjoying it, and then sucked him down again, setting a pace that would hopefully drive him crazy.
Time blurred as the weeks flew by, and Cas was still head over heels for Dean. He had unsurprisingly fallen more in love with the brat with each passing day. There were times when Dean was just that — a brat. But mostly, Cas had seen tremendous growth in him.
“Um... okay.” Cas moved, his body searching for more Dean. “First question, are you still angry with me for leaving?”
With a smirk, Cas nudged his finger inside of Ares and pumped it slowly, twisting to drive it further. “Will you miss my hands the way you’ll miss my mouth?” he asked, wrapping his other hand around Ares’ hard shaft and starting to stroke, alternating movements.
Dean wasn’t sure how he got stuck with Matt, but Jagger picked the damn teams so he couldn’t make a scene.
Dean stood up and checked out Cas’ face, slowly licking his lips. “Can your grace get rid of nerves? I dunno if I can do this.”
of those men died so we could sit here and make jizz jokes about them. C’mon, guys. Be better than that.” With that, Dean dropped his eyes back to the stack of homework, saying a silent thank you to every servicemember that ever gave their lives to a cause they believed in.
Cas laughs, pushing the box aside and tackling Dean back onto the ground. They get all tangled up in each other like they couldn't possibly be close enough, and neither is really sure of how much time they waste down there. Minutes, hours, days… it's not important. What
He was sure not even the Rifleman's Creed would save him this time, so he went on the offensive. Cas used his grip on Dean’s mouth to turn his head to the side and tilt it up so that Cas’ hot breath was blowing directly on Dean’s exposed skin.
Cas rolled over in his bed, staring up at the ceiling.
You can't go runnin’ around tossin’ lives upside down because of a
Dean smiled sadly. “Not gonna happen. I wish, trust me, but I can’t. It’s bad enough he comes here all the damn time. No way we could keep hiding it if he was living here full time.”
Cas bit his lip, wishing Dean would look up at him, but when he didn’t, he texted again.
“I don’t believe you. Show me.” Dean leaned down and bit along his neck. “Shit, Havoc.” He jumped off Jask and grabbed the pup to set him outside the room. “He shouldn’t watch this.”
Jask frowned
For a minute, it looked like Cas might’ve pushed him too far, but his teacher stabbed a piece of steak and held the fork out to Cas’ mouth. “Heard you’re a pretty big fan of meat. It would be rude of me not to share, huh?”
“I have a feeling you’d still pick me.” Cas smiled, meaning it with all of his heart. A year ago, he couldn’t say things like that confidently, but now... Dean made sure he felt loved every single day.
“That's funny. I've been here a long time, and I don't remember anyone ever making that joke.” He steps in further, nodding to Lee. “Do you have everything you need?”
Dean ran a hand through his wet, tousled hair and took a few steps forward as he wiped his hand on his jeans. “I’m Dean. Can I call you Cas?” Cas nodded, still dumbstruck at that beautiful smile - or maybe it was lovestruck? He wasn’t sure, all he
“You just buttered my insides, baby.” Dean jokes, leaning in to flick his tongue across Cas’ lips and then sits up. “But yeah, I’m starvin’.”
After a minute, an hour, what could’ve been a day, Cas pushed him a little, his pupils blown. “I’m still fucking hard, we need to st—”
Even as he thinks that, he knows it’s a lie, but he doesn’t have time to dwell because Cas walks in looking gorgeous as hell in a blue t-shirt. “Hi,” Dean says lamely, glad it’s dark enough in there that his blush is hidden.
“Am I? Or did you just sleep in?” Ares walked over and pulled his head back by his hair softly to kiss him. “Did you sleep okay?”
Sighing, Cas fixed his burger and stepped away from the grill. “Ironic. I’m usually the one handling
Carefully, Cas cleaned off every drop like that was what he’d wanted all along. Dean took a step back and leaned on the table to catch his breath. “Jesus, Cas... you’re... fucking amazing.” He pulled off the blindfold and dropped before him, sliding his tongue inside Cas’ mouth, chasing the flavor of blueberries and come.
Cas slowly worked the plug out as he leaned back on his knees to roll the damned condom on and grab the lube. His breath hitched in his throat at the beauty of Dean all vulnerable and wanting like that, and Cas threw reason aside as he lubed himself up and scooted forward to press his tip against Dean’s entrance.
“We will. You ready for bed?” Dean grabbed his phone and looked at the time. “Shit, yeah. I got work tomorrow.” He got up and stretched, his shirt sliding up his stomach as he groaned. “Let’s go cuddle.” He held out his hand with a grin. “Promise to keep it in my pants.”
Dean snorted at his brother, pulling Cas closer as Cas said, “Don’t worry, even if you
Cas finally ditched the damn suits and looked almost normal in jeans and a tight t-shirt, but not much could make those tatted, muscular arms less attention-grabbing. He leaned forward to turn the radio up a little louder and kept his fingers laced with Dean’s. “We need to head toward Washington, we’ll cross the border there.”
“Good, glad my services could be helpful.” He chuckled and sat down next to him to eat.
“Ehh, let it play and we’ll flip. Good choice.” Dean rolled down his window and nodded for Cas to do the same.
The jolt that made its way down his body answered the question for him, but Cas stood his ground and quirked an eyebrow. “I was thinking I’d just leave it there, it’s a good color on you.”
The answer to Dean’s
Cas steeled his expression and nodded once. “Of course, Dean. You’ll make an excellent Batman. It will be a physically demanding role, but I can’t imagine anyone better suited for it.” He rolled his tongue forward and pressed it against the inside of his teeth, already missing his barbell.
Within a minute of those thoughts, Cas walked out in some adorable bumble bee pajama pants and a black t-shirt, looking so damn comfortable Dean couldn’t wait to get cozy by the fire. “C’mere handsome. Alarm is on, Havoc went to the bathroom, dinner is on the stove, time to relax with your boyfriend.”
Dean was walking closer and holding his phone out for Cas. “My brother got a dog. Isn’t she cute?”
“Up,” he growls. “Switch me, now.” Cas pulls Dean off and flips them over, biting down his body and yanking his sweats down until Dean’s length smacks him in the chin. He wastes no time, moaning loudly as he sucks him and teases his hole. There's a mantra in his head of
Cas hesitated; he wasn’t sure he was ready for the last leg of this journey… but he’d run on Dean’s time for years and this would be no exception. “Let’s stay one more night, you and Adam deserve the time to catch up.”
“Long week? Let’s go out, you’ve been cooped up for days, Rocky’s?” Ares offered with a knowing smile. If anyone knew how it was to live with such a big personality, it was Ares.
Thank you all for reading, and see you soon 😉
“No one should be choking any chickens,” Cas scolds, but smiles slightly nonetheless. “That constitutes a violent crime.”
“No. Fuck that!” Dean shoved his papers aside, ignoring Benny who moved closer. “Get him back, Sonny. I don’t give a shit about your oath. You know him! He wouldn’t have done it just to do it. Fix it. I won’t have anyone else move in my house.”
Aunty Amara was pissed at him for ditching so many classes already, and after a thirty minute long lecture that ended with the usual ‘I’m not your mom, but I know what’s best’ line, they sat in an awkward silence at the dinner table. The fact that she tried to make steak was just sad now; no steak would ever be as flavorful and juicy as Winchester’s.
Ares’ bitch face is nearly as good as…
“That sounds unlikely. You’re stuck here.” Ares chuckled and relaxed in his arms. “Are you going to tell Dean at the meetup you want to stay after this is all said and done?”
Without realizing where he’s going, he sees a sign that he’s nearing the docks and smiles. This is probably his favorite place in the world, and he’s been to a few places that a lot of people would say are a million times better, but he doesn’t care. There’s just something about this gem being right in his backyard — so to speak, anyway. It looks as empty as usual, and he passes the main docks and heads to the furthest one from the main road, parking Baby under the oak tree and shutting her off. It takes a few moments of walking to find the dock, and he smiles to himself as he exits the shade from the trees, the sun beaming down on his face. There’s no one around for miles, and Dean lays back on that dock and stares at the sky, trying not to think about Cas.
The words are out before he can stop them, and he’s got his apron halfway off just on instinct. “You— what? Castiel?” Anna’s face is pure shock but she doesn’t seem angry, just confused. “Are you sure?”
“You feel so good,
Dean swore under his breath and shivered, nodding a little. “Yeah, yeah. Sure would… Ahh, fuck.” Cas managed to find that spot that drove him crazy and he thickened in Cas’ hand. “Fuck… right there.”
There were times when he missed his life, his space, and most importantly... Arthur, but he’d realized pretty quickly that he’d made the right decision. Sonny had gotten wind that there was a fringe group of fans that had been hatching a plan on social media to finish what Becky started, but that had been nearly three weeks ago and nothing had happened yet. Not that Cas would let his guard down about it.
Reluctantly, Cas leaned forward to take it in. His lips immediately closed around it and he hummed, sucking while trying to stifle a laugh. He swirled his tongue around the edges and pulled off, hollowing out his cheeks. “It’s a blueberry cock sucker.”
Dean watched him and chuckled. “Show me again. Like this?” He did it wrong, and when Cas reluctantly started doing it again, Dean quickly opened his camera to record him.
“Good. He isn’t one of those pretty boys that just lay there right?”
By the time his phone chimed with a message, he was already fed, showered and ready to start his Saturday.
“Yeah... He’s in my sixth period. He’s a little shit, too, but all those kids without parents are. His brother isn’t too bad, but even he’s an ass sometimes. I see the appeal, I do, but he might get your ass in trouble, D. He radiates trouble... Although, I’ve never seen him with pink eyes. Definitely a
Dean did as told, nearly shaking with anticipation. He was much more on board with this than he thought he would be, and couldn’t wait for Cas’ intense fucking eye contact while he fucked him senseless.
They all gathered around him to read.
“Alright.” His hand is still out and he shakes it at Cas. “Just take the money, and if you don’t want it tomorrow then whatever, but if you decide you still hate me, you have some cash. Just don’t— don’t out me on social media or some shit. Everyone knows I’m gay, they don’t need to know my kinks. I’d feel better if you took the money.”
“No, Cole is still in your employ.” Alistair opened the door for Dean.
But by nightfall, the realization that he was going home the next day was sinking in, and he couldn’t really fault the places his mind went.
“Things are good. Thinking about getting a dog. We’ve talked about it for a while, but my birthday is coming up and I want a damn dog.”
Cas grumbled to himself, wondering why he was so scared to actually say it. Whether or not Dean felt the same wasn’t really an issue, because
“Mostly,” Meg repeats, waving at Jask. “I should have known this would be a sausage fest.”
It was a miracle Cas didn’t explode right then from the way Dean’s ass tightened around him, pulsing and squeezing until Cas was forced to slow down. Not one part of him was ready for this to be over, so he rubbed Dean’s side and kept going. “Did that feel good?” He leaned down, kissing Dean’s shoulder as he pressed himself deeper.
His chest tightened at the thought. “What do you think, Dean?”
“Earth to Cassie.” Abbadon snapped her fingers in front of his face and he looked around to see every one of his friends looking at him.
Would he-
Thursday rolls his eyes, grabbing a bottle and tossing it to Dean. “There's a reason I sent you to the kitchens, Dean. You're allowed to have sex.”
The next few days are lonely — even more lonely than before. There’s someone in the cell across from him now, and honestly, he’s Dean’s last hope for human interaction. The guards here don’t speak more than two words to him and it’s really started to weigh. “Hey... pssst. Please tell me you know English.”
“That's my pretty boy.” He grips Dean's throat again and pulls him up, twisting the hand on his cock as he fucks him deep.
He swiped left and right for what seemed like hours before he found him.
“Whoops.”
For once, work actually occupied him, though. Usually, no one dared to bother the people he was assigned to guard — but every once in a while, he’d get some kind of crazed superfan or a jealous boyfriend that gets a little violent, but it doesn’t happen often. Luckily for him, this was one of the nights that it did.
“There’s nothing wrong with that, Ares. You don’t owe anybody anything, except yourself.” Jask didn’t want to push too far and come off seeming like an asshole, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d be able to make Ares happy in ways Castiel never could.
now, can you pay attention?”
Cas walked into the living room to be out of sight, but not out of earshot. He reminded himself that Dean had mentioned leaving Jask and didn’t want to jump to conclusions, but that didn’t sound good, and Dean had wanted nothing to do with him after they’d had sex. It didn’t bode well.
But Cas had been found out — someone in his garrison had told his superiors of their connection, and he was thrown from Heaven. Desperaged, Cas fucked his way through Heaven, Hell and Earth trying to forget… but it never quite worked.
“Good. Want you here
It didn’t work; someone had already taken it. The app suggested the same name with several numerical digits after it, so Cas hastily chose that one and continued, saving a Googled picture of a bumblebee to his phone to upload as his mandatory profile picture.
Without making eye contact, Cas gestured to the bag. “Is that lunch?”
He gathered his food as he waited for the response, curious about what Woody would come up with. He sat at the table closest to the wall and drowned out the students as he mindlessly picked at a french fry and opened the message.
Jask frowns, then drums a quick beat on the table. “I get it. Maybe you should think about giving someone a second date, huh? I mean, if your guy moved on, maybe you should, too. Don't torture yourself.”
give him the motivation to cash in one of his currencies when they got home. “This one.” He fished it out of his wallet and smacked it on the table. “You blow me with your hands tied behind your back.”
“How the hell do you think I found out about the tats and the tongue ring? He was walking around in nothing but shorts, playing with the damn thing. He tried more than once, but I told him I’m yours.” Jask kissed him again, grinding against him.
Dean kissed back, showing him just how much he missed him too, and Cas’ voice was probably the only thing that could have gotten his attention. He chuckled at how Havoc was pulling on his pant leg. “You better say ‘hi’ to him. He needs the attention, or he’ll die.”
He stops completely, holding out his palms and sucking in a breath. “There just... there is no good way to do this, and I'm sorry. But I don't want anything to happen here without you knowing... that is, without you understanding... I'm sorry. I'm not really good at this part, I've never had to do this before.” He looks around like he's going to find help in the shadows. “I'm an angel, Dean.
“Cause, Cas. Much like Dany never deserved Jorah… I never deserved you. When you decided you had enough, I let you go cause I figured you’d be better off. Just didn’t realize I was too damn selfish to follow through to home plate.” Dean paused, letting Cas process that. “But that still doesn’t count as your second, it was an extension of the first.”
Cas clicked his tongue. “Ares isn’t my type. Believe it or not, I’d be more likely to end up with Jask.”
“Yes! Oh my god I want to hug that little fat body!” She snatched his phone for a closer look. “I want a dog.”
“I know I just got here, but that shouldn’t even be a question,” Benny said. “Dean?”
Are we back on an even playing field since we’re both drunk? I'd be happy to repeat the performance for you,” he says as he grabs Dean’s crotch.
It took a second for the word to sink in, but even once it did, he assumed Dean was still half asleep. That didn’t stop his stomach from flipping and dropping right down to his cock, though. He chuckled, trying to play off his reaction. “I still might not put the gun down, but I promise I’ll do my very best not to shoot you.”
His fingers were shaking a little as he typed out his last response.
“I can do questions. Am I allowed to ask him some too?”
“Always am.” Cas walked down his steps and started his midnight trek home, his mind constantly wandering to Dean.
He was rewarded with a flick of a hot, promising tongue to his earlobe. “Yep. I’ll see you at five?”
“Nothing below the waist. Not yet.” Ares kissed down his neck again and sucked a mark, unable to stop himself.
It takes a nip to his bottom lip to snap him out of the spell, and when Dean starts trailing that gorgeous mouth down his frame, Cas thinks he might come then and there.
He reached up and gripped the back of Ares’ neck, pulling him down and darting his tongue into that perfect mouth. Tipping over, he groaned, covering his bare chest and the sides of his open shirt with his own spend.
“Close it out, Dean. None of it matters, and none of those people matter.” Cas gripped the steering wheel and placed a hand on Dean’s knee.
Ashton Charles — the douche that played Dean’s equally-douchey rival Rex — came out and smacked Dean in the back of the head. “God, Winchester. You really know how to bore a crowd.” He winked, grabbing a chair and flipping it around to sit backward as the room erupted in cheers. “Sorry, am I party-crashing?”
They found their groove as easily as they always did, and soon their bodies moved perfectly together. Both of them so desperate for release that the entire world disappeared around them.
Cas stayed where he was for several moments, until the front door shut and he knew he was alone. He sat down in a heap at the end of the bed and looked up at the ceiling. “Well, Ares… I’m trying. Not succeeding… but I’m trying.”
He thought about that a moment, knowing they did a lot for him throughout the day. “Um... a lot. I mean... I’ve been picking out my outfits and shit.”
“Me too.” Ares went on his tippy toes and nipped his ear. “But we can do something if you want.” He bit harder and darted toward the bedroom, but barely made it through the door before Jask was scooping him up and throwing him onto the bed face down.
“Don’t worry, secret's safe. For now. Tell Dean I said maybe next time, he leaves the hound behind.”
Cas picked up the utensil quickly and cleared his throat, feeling the back of his neck burn. “I apologize, Dean. I didn’t intend to edge you.”
Cas arched off the bed and swore loudly, then moaned Dean’s name. Not Woody’s, not some random incoherent word he tried to muffle…
Dean nodded with his eyebrows up. “Ehh... see. Delicious,
Cas nodded appreciatively and checked his watch again, setting an alarm for the morning before he forgot. “I’ll see you both bright and early then, you can sleep on the flight back.”
The door shut behind Dean and Cas, and Cas smiled at the sight of the bed. “And to think, I almost had to stay a night in my own house.”
He sleeps a couple hours in the late morning, but by 6am, he’s giving up. He washes up in the bathroom and heads straight to his theater room for a well-deserved marathon, and decides on the way there that that’s
Day two started out a lot like day one. Grey eyes, vacant expressions. He didn’t understand how anyone could be that bored when learning about war, but maybe Dean was the odd one out. By the time the bell rang and second period was about to begin, Dean was thinking to himself that he might need to rethink his lesson plan and find a way to get the students more involved if he wanted their attention.
Dean actually really enjoyed date night with Cas. He always hated dating, but dating your best friend was different. It was fun.
“I know.” Cas leaned in to kiss the top of his head and kept going as Ares ate. “I should admit this is a little selfish of me. I need to tell you something, and I’m buttering you up so you won’t get angry with me. A couple of days ago, we got an email saying we’ve been matched to swap with another couple, and I didn’t tell you. I’m sorry.”
of love?”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean beams and leans in to kiss him on the lips. “Still love when you come see me.”
Dean licks the corner of his mouth and frowns. Lee’s right, that doesn't sound like Cas at all — but before he can say so, Lee nods over his shoulder. “Found him.”
After a moment, he gave Havoc some food and nodded towards the door. “Let’s go.”
“Yes, I realized you weren’t fond of the L and T aspects of a BLT, so this one is bacon, egg, and cheese. Breakfast for lunch… is this better?” He slid the plate over and stepped in close.
Cas closed his eyes and tried to breathe, but the memories the mere mention of those brought up made him queasy. He swallowed and dug his nails into his palm in an attempt to keep himself grounded. “No one was hurt? Do they know who was responsible?”
Cas sighed, honestly relieved the search was over. He walked away from his adorable husband to find the woman in charge of the rescue, and paid the adoption fee after a lengthy conversation. They’d already done a home visit, but
“Alright... so get me his phone number. Or his address,” Dean requests hopefully.
this side of too muscular for Dean’s tastes, not that he should be thinking about students like that, but there was something about him Dean couldn’t quite move past. He seemed like a good kid, quiet even, and Dean found himself curious as to why someone like that would be friends with the likes of Abaddon.
Dean had no clue why he suddenly wanted Cas there. Cas would be next to Jody yelling at him, too. But for some reason, he still wanted him there. Everything felt better when Cas was there.
“For the record, I
“I know.” Dean cupped his chin and kissed his lips softly. “If you ever wanna just come home, just come. I’ll be here waitin’. You got this. I’m gonna miss you, this house won’t feel the same.”
“And I don’t have to suck him off? Like ever?” he asks in an unsure tone.
He frowned slightly,
“You’re on.” Dean walked over and held out his hand. “Shake on it, Betty. No backin’ out.”
And before his eyes, Ares squirmed. His eyes blew with lust, making the brown in half his eye nearly disappear. “Mmhm?” He gripped the counter behind him, holding onto every word.
He knows he doesn't have much time. Dean and Azrian will be done soon, Gabriel can't be trusted to be in charge for long, and he doesn't trust
Dean sat in his living room with Benny and Jody, planning the next charity event. They were boring, but basically in the damn job description of being a celebrity. Jo would be his date, of course, but all that did was remind him of his lack of
"Oh, shit." Dean cackled and then took a huge bite, moaning a little louder than necessary before talking with his mouth full. "That's up to me and how I plan my rounds. My next job is at 1:30 so I got just under an hour, but I can schedule them how I want. Gimme your phone so I can put my number in it." Dean wiped his hand on his jeans and reached out.
Cas raised an eyebrow and pulled his hand back, moving it back to Dean’s length. The lube was noisy, and allowed him to simply squeeze and let physics do the rest. “I put up with your brattiness the last couple of times because I’d wanted you so long I couldn’t help it. Now…” He pressed his thumb into Dean’s slit and flashed a small smirk. “You’ll ask nicely, or I’ll simply get back on the road.”
Cas couldn’t help but smile as he reached up to thread their fingers together, kissing along his back softly. “You’re so good for me, Dean. So damn good, sweetheart.”
The thoughts of his fellow Marines led him to one in particular, and he picked his phone up as he adjusted the tongue ring in his mouth and called one of his oldest friends. Two rings in, she answered. “Hello, Duma.”
Jask barked a laugh and reached over, guiding Dean’s hand to his cock. “Hell yeah, if you’re offering. I’ll take any part of you I can get,” he said as he rocked his hips up, sliding his length through Dean’s loose fist.
“I sent Michael to help him, he’ll be okay, Dean.” Cas tries to get up, but Dean grabs his arm — hating how vulnerable he's being, but the thought of Cas leaving again isn't one he likes.
“Zip it, dead boy. I’m already down here. Jagger, I’d like to ask your permission to propose to your son.”
He sits, letting the sounds of mountain life distract him as he stretches out his wings. Up here, the animals aren't shocked or scared by the sight of an angel — on the contrary. Within minutes of sitting down, he's got an audience of marmots and foxes surrounding him, and he chuckles to himself as one particularly curious fox swats the tip of his wing. “I can only hope Dean is as gentle as you are,” he says to it. “But something tells me that won't be the case.”
“Yeah, why?”
Their waiter brought them some lemon water and the positive affirmation he offered had Ares biting back a laugh.
Dean chuckled and placed a kiss in the corner of his mouth and then stepped away.
“Will you see me again?” Dean walks over and pulls him in for a kiss. “You’ll see me until you’re tired of me, Cas. And yeah, they’d like that. Jagger still got that grill out back?” He pauses and then touches Cas’ chin softly. “Hey, sorry about your dad. I... wish I was here for you.”
They got dressed and made their way next door, not bothering to knock before going in. Jask spotted Dean in the kitchen and headed that direction. “Food better be delicious, dickhead.”
“Are there other ways to be careful? I mean if I was anymore careful I’d be abstinent, and then I’d just be... Jimmy.” He teased, laughing when his brother shoved him.
“Well then... I could eat. Have you met anyone else around here yet?” Jask asks, spinning himself on the chair.
Ares walked around Jask, rolling his eyes. “Have I told you how hilarious your boyfriend is, Castiel?” He walked up and pulled Charlie into a hug.
“Oh yeah, okay this weekend we’re makin’ pie. You can pick the flavor, cherry or cherry?” He grinned innocently before biting his lip and looking down at Cas’ mouth.
“You fucked your math teacher?
He felt P’s hot come leak all over his stomach and the sounds he made had Dean fucking up into him feverishly. “Fu... gonna...” Dean groaned, slamming up as far as he could to fill up that perfect, tight ass.
Cas smiled as Dean made it out into the dark hall and pulled him in, ditching his plan to kiss him breathless in favor of simply hugging him. “Finally.”
Ares wrapped his arms around Jask’s neck and pulled him in for a sloppy kiss, practically crawling up his body when he wrapped his legs around him. Jask thanked his lucky stars for whoever or whatever made Ares get like that over a simple suit, and carried him toward the couch. If all he’d get was another jack off session with Ares looking like he did before, he’d still be happy about it.
It felt so fucking good that Cas didn’t even notice the car was approaching 100 miles per hour. When he did, he swore loudly and moved his foot from the gas, jostling Dean in the shuffle. “Off, I’m going to pull over. Take off your pants.”
“Yes. Why, are you tempted?” Ares stopped what he was doing and faced him. “What do you want to do?”
“Aw man, you gonna torture me? I can’t eat vegetables in the morning because they make me grouchy.” Dean grinned cheekily and took another bite.
blue eyes.
“The hiding sounds hard. You’re stronger than me.” Jask went to grab another beer but paused before reaching the fridge. “I lied. Your jizzy boxers show you aren’t that strong actually.”
“Let him... c’mon, Daddy Cas.” Dean held the puppy up and pouted his bottom lip. “Pweeze let me fart in your bed.”
“That’s impossible, Mr. Novak. No one can tell you how or when to move on. One day you’ll wake up and you’ll just...
To this day, Cain is the worst of the prisoners Castiel oversees. He's violent and angry and mostly kept separate from the others, but there's no choice — he can't be killed, can't be contained in Heaven without a legion of angels to guard him, and can't be trusted in hell. Here, with three archangels and Cas, they do their best to keep him as docile as possible, but it weighs heavily on Cas every day.
“Yeah...”
Alistair shook his head. “No, Ben still works for you, too.” He stopped outside of Sonny’s office. “Would you like to take another guess or would you prefer to see for yourself?”
Cas had never been more grateful for Cole in his life, since that was a much needed interruption. Cas stood, already regretting allowing himself to get too comfortable because it led to unprofessional slip-ups like that. “No, you’re not interrupting. Dean was just telling me how badly he needs to get laid, which is apparently still our responsibility.”
Dean hadn’t been laid in months - although it felt like longer - and he felt hornier than he did before getting some. He pathetically jacked off that night, missing P’s ass so bad he came in seconds and when he woke up the next morning, he had a boner.
Ashton doesn't answer for a long moment, then tosses his cards face down and stands up. “This is prison. No one has friends. Enjoy your cigs… and watch who you ask that many questions to, Winchester. It's not a good look.” He tosses the pack on the table and throws his hood over his head as he walks away, and though Dean tries to peek and see who he goes to, the fucker just goes back inside.
Jimmy blushed and looked down at his hands. “Uh… yeah. I guess since you were honest with me, I can be honest with you.” He scratched the back of his head as Cas prodded him, then said finally, “Abby, actually.”
“What about your boyfriend? Catch or whatever.”
He smiled when he saw Cas, unable to help it, but then rolled his eyes at the rest of them. “These assholes would have been lost without me.”
he says with a look back at Cas. “It's personally personal.”
Jask steps in this time. “He can't do that, either. But here…” He grabs a pen and a Post-It note and scribbles down Dean’s number, then shoves it in Ares’ hand. “Just… find a convenient time to drop that, yeah?”
Cas knew his brother was right, twins often were. He laid back on his bed and held the phone a little closer to his ear. “What if it screws everything up?”
Dean makes a mental note to watch Ash, but not in an obvious way. He takes his cards and his new cigs and goes inside for lunch, and after trading a few cigs for snacks, Dean makes his way over by Frenchie and leans against the wall near him, munching on a Twinkie with a grin. “Want a bite?”
Even Cas has to laugh when he sees it, and once they're all finished with the decorating, Cas uses his grace to wrap all the presents and places the ones that will fit under the tree. He ties a ribbon around the pool table and sets the turntable up with Led Zeppelin II playing, then nods to Michael. “Lift the lockdown and see to it that there's a Christmas feast waiting in the cafeteria.”
Gripping both of Ares’ hips, Jask let go, no longer caring how much noise they made. “Fuck, I can't” — his movements became erratic — “gonna” — with a strangled, choked off moan, he filled Ares up for a second time. It felt so good he was lightheaded almost instantly, digging his fingers into perfect skin and completely forgetting where they even were.
He knocks on Dr. Montague’s closed door. It's unusual for it to be closed, but when a tall, long-haired man steps out looking sated — Cas thinks he has a pretty clear understanding of what he interrupted. He moves quickly to the side in an effort not to be noticed, then enters the room once he gets an okay.
He chops another one off with ease, releasing an obnoxious
Jask leaned down and gently kissed his shoulders, rubbing all the spots he’d gripped too hard. “I hope you know I’m not leaving when the thirty days are up. I guess Cas will just have to get used to me being here.”
“It’s okay. You’re a great chef. If you change your mind... well, you always were stubborn weren’t you? No way you’ll change your mind.” She smiles sadly at him and touches his arm, and it actually gives him courage.
Not that Cas needed another reason to fall for Dean, but there it was, anyway. “We can talk about it tomorrow, once Jask and Ares leave. I’m fine.” He tucked his head against Dean’s chest and slid his arm down between Dean’s side and the couch, effectively pinning the poor man in place.
“Hey, if my heart wasn’t already taken... fuck it, I’m game. Montague is playing hard as hell to get. I don’t even know what my next move is there, anyway. Wanna see a pic? I stalked his Facebook, but he won’t add me.”
Cas grunted and moaned with each brutal thrust, his skin flushing and muscles straining. He quickly started rutting against the mattress, rolling his body and shivering underneath him. “Yours,” he gasped.
He felt more prepared this time for Dean’s cold shoulder, but it didn’t help the sting of seeing him for the first time that morning and not being able to touch him. He knew he was still being unusually quiet but he couldn’t help it, and when Dean started teaching he braced his chin on his hand and watched him. He hung on to every word, just for the sake of hearing Dean’s voice.
After suctioning it to the floor of his bathroom, he prepped his ridiculously tight hole and then propped up his cell phone with the camera on. He wanted Dean to watch everything, and when he first sank down onto his toy, he whimpered and moaned Dean’s name.
planning on keeping it in your pants, Coach?”
“Shut up.” Dean chuckles with him. “What behaviors is he takin’ about, anyway? I was a friggin angel in D.”
He spotted the glory hole before anything else, but it was less because of its obviousness and more to do with it being exactly the thing he was searching for. No one else was there yet, which gave Cas an opportunity to at least inspect the place.
There was no denying he felt better after, at least physically. Mentally, he felt like a dick, and regretted looking.
He was young enough to be in the Tinder circle and he sure as fuck wasn’t married.
He made sure to always wake Dean up happy; whether it was sucking him off, riding him into consciousness, or bringing him coffee or breakfast. Just some way to make sure his mornings were good and he associated that goodness with Cas.
“You just gotta let him sleep on your lap. You’ll get along, you’re both bulldogs remember? I’ll text you every day and let you know I’m alive, okay?” He ruffled Cas’ hair and turned to walk away.
Cas nearly takes pity on him, but he knows he'll be getting off soon enough. “Come on then,” he says quietly. “The sooner you eat again, the sooner you can come.”
That car had been his dream since he was in high school, and thanks to a lot of hard work, his dream had come true.
“Oh look, there he is.” Cas nodded toward him and visibly checked him out. “Isn’t he fucking gorgeous?”
"You wound me. Course I can."
“She was harmless, Cas. Shoulda seen Cole. He nearly broke her poor arm. She cried like hell, but the cops took her. They made me press charges.” He glanced at Cole who looked annoyed again.
“All of your sins?” Cas shakes his head, planting kisses to each side of his mouth. “I'm the Angel of Thursday, Dean. Consider them absolved.”
“I work Friday too, but I’ll probably beat you home.” Ares brought their beers and sat close again, his eyes on the screen.
“The contract has been signed, are you ready?”
“Uh...” Dean realizes just how close they’re standing and licks his lips slowly. “What was that?”
But liking Cas this much is risky. He can wise up at any moment and tell Dean to fuck off, and then what would he do? Sit at home with a tub of Ben & Jerrys and watch dateline documentaries? Nah, that’s not the Winchester way. He’s the gift here… right?
His mouth was almost better than his cock, and Cas came so hard in that shower it was hard to stay standing. They got clean in a hurry after that, but took their time exploring each other’s bodies under the water when they were done. “You know,” Cas said, “If I’m actually awake and you’re not a figment of my overactive imagination, I’ll be tempted to agree with you. This was a blessing, not a curse.” He ghosted his lips across Dean’s, unsure if the man would actually want to kiss him, even after everything else they’d done.
Benny glanced at him warily, like he was afraid Dean was gonna blow up again. “You sure?”
Amara decided to say something snarky. “Just a normal, civilized conversation. Something you'd know nothing about." She turned back towards Dean and smiled warmly. “No significant other for you, either?" Her voice was a little too hopeful, and it made Cas' stomach drop.
Dean chuckled and grabbed the lube, settling back between his legs and glancing up. “We got another date tomorrow so... it’s all yours sweetheart. For now, I get to see
“Holy shit,” Dean sighs happily. “Better every time and I always think it
“I feel the same, sweetheart. You’re fucking beautiful.” Dean leaned in to kiss along Cas’ ass, his finger working him open slow and deep.
“You're tellin’ me you’d keep all that a secret just to protect him?”
Cas didn’t open his eyes the entire time Dean washed up, wondering if he would wake him, but when he heard the door click shut, he sat up to rub his eyes.
that particular light shines.
“Yeah. Havoc is snorin’ like an asshole.”
He meant to storm out of her office, but he didn’t mean to storm out of the main door, and he noticed Cas’ flinch in his peripheral.
"So he doesn't fuck all of his employees?"
They listened to the coffee maker sputter for a moment and then Cas handed the cup to Dean. “You’re a grown man, and as such, I refuse to lie to you about any of this. You’re stronger than most people think you are, and you deserve to know what’s happening. The response has been overwhelmingly negative, Dean. I’m not sure where all of the supporters in our community are, but they’re unusually quiet right now.”
were listening to the new guy get his rocks off.”
Cas knew Dean was nervous too; his eyes gave him away, and even if they didn’t his actions would have told Cas. The possessive sex they had that morning might have been their hottest yet, and after Dean fucked Cas into the mattress and filled him with come, he leaned down to suck marks all along his back and shoulders.
Dean smirked, carefully pushing Cas off of his lap and standing up. “Good thing we didn’t leave then, huh?” He pulled Cas to his feet and guided him toward the chalkboard, pushing him face first against it and sliding two fingers back into him. The feeling of his warm come filling Cas up made him twitch, and he leaned in to suck on the back of Cas’ neck. “Spread your legs for me, sweetheart.”
Dean came back a few moments later, walking over to Cas still in the kitchen. “You okay?” He leaned his hip against the counter and eyed Cas, reaching out for the beer.
He stumbled to the bathroom and checked them out, laughing at how silver they really were. “Maybe I should cut myself off.”
“I mighta seen you a couple times.” Dean leans back to see him with a huge grin. “I thought it was adorable. I couldn’t stop lookin’ at you either, and then when I walked outside the patios light hit your eyes just right... I was a goner.”
“Cas...” Dean stared up at him in awe. “Thank you. I...” Havoc whimpered, causing Dean to chuckle and kiss his head. “M’sure I’ll love you, too. Just don’t poop on the couch.”
Cas knocked on the gym door and walked in when he heard the sound of rubber soles sliding on the court floor, realizing no one would have even noticed he was there.
“Yeah...” Dean leaned over with a small smile on his lips. “Cas... Am I free?”
He’d never know how much the smile lit up his face, and Dean found himself watching him more than the damn movie. He sang along to ‘What is Love’ hoping Cas would sing too, but he didn’t do much beyond a small head nod, and that was okay. Because he was still smiling, and maybe Dean would do just about anything to get the guy to smile.
The thought of Jask seeing Dean in a couple days made his stomach turn.
“What? No, why?” Dean walked in the room and picked up Havoc to lay with him.
“You always feel good, sweetheart.” Cas smiled and kissed him again. “Let me suck you off and then we’ll go back to relaxing. Stand up for me, sweetheart.”
“That’s a very long time.” He looks sad, but it isn’t pity. “You mean in person right? You see his face when you close your eyes, don’t you?”
He didn’t know if it was out of guilt or habit, but seeing Jask on his couch all comfortable did things inside his chest that he couldn’t explain.
“No one told him? Ah, shit.”
Cas kisses his cheek and raises an eyebrow at his friend. “There. You heard it from his mouth, hands off. I no longer have any problem telling you in the most possessive tone I can muster that he's
“Why would you care? You’re
After ten minutes of Dean trying to wear a hole in the floor, Cas spoke up. “Would you like to watch a movie or something? You have a home theater, and yet you never use it.”
“Videos? Of me comin’ out?” Dean pushed his plate away slowly. He knew there would be tapes... Why did it make him so nauseous?
Again, Cas looks confused. “Dean, I don't want you to pay me for this. You pay me enough on a regular basis that I can afford an unpaid day off or twelve.”
He let his mind wander freely to how he felt pressed against that counter, caged by Dean, tasting him.
“I don’t know if I like it yet, I’m still trying them all. How about you let me try a bunch tonight so I can find ‘my drink’?”
Cas sat quietly and absentmindedly glanced at his calendar. There was nothing there worth noting, save the reminder he had a meeting with Charlie at the end of the month to discuss the upcoming dance, but it was better than staring at the timid student in front of him.
“Good. Because I’m struggling not to lick every inch of you.” Cas snaked his hand around and gripped his cock. “Handsy... mouthy...” he slid his tongue behind Dean’s ear, “something tells me you’d like both.”
When the lockdown drill lifts, Dean walks out of his room with an irritated expression. All those alarms do is remind him of the night Benny died, but those thoughts are quickly overshadowed by the decorations. He was too young during his last real Christmas for him to remember it now, but even still, he has a feeling this would be better.
He nodded, snapping out of his thoughts. “He wasn’t the first and he won’t be the last. I don’t understand why Dean feels the need to keep putting himself in those situations. One of these days... someone’s going to end up getting more than just a couple of bruises.”
His heart leapt right into his throat.
He reached out to brace himself on the side of the stall wall. “There’s lube in my pants pocket.” Dean chuckled abruptly. “Dunno if you’ll need it, though. Been wearin’ this damn thing since you filled me up the first time today.”
Kate ruffled his hair and smiled sweetly at him. “Because I’m not Dean’s mother, but I am yours. Just eat your breakfast.”
be better than what they had? It was something movies only caught mere glimpses of, and they were living it.
Cas chuckled and took his arm. “Both our men are jealous ones. Their faces will be priceless.” Before they entered the room, Cas paused and turned toward Ares. “Jask is probably just scared because of what he witnessed with Dean and I, but he’s crazy about you. Don’t ever doubt that.”
A moment later, Charlie walked up and ruffled his hair. “Of course I did. You four are my biggest success stories. Where are the other two adorable morons, anyway?”
“It sounds absolutely breathtaking.” Ares nods, prompting him to continue.
The door clicked open, and Ares ruffled Sam’s hair on the way out. “Adorable, really. Times like these I remember how it’s possible you and Dean are related.” They slipped out of the vault and found themselves in a bigger room, with one other vault door next to theirs, and a regular door across from them. There were a few computers and a television, none of which were on.
“You always run your mouth like this?“
He cut himself off and moaned loudly, his ass clenching around Dean’s cock.
strung, buddy.”
Dean jogged upstairs and took a shower. Once he put on boxers and his apron, he made his way downstairs. “Alright, cover your eyes.”
questions until morning, but Cas didn’t care. Whether it was on purpose or not, he was finally going to be able to hold Dean.
He kissed Dean a few times as he packed his things, and part of him was sad none of those kisses woke him up, but he realized this was for the best. Dean shouldn’t have to watch him walk out again. He shouldn’t have to see Cas with bags in his hands. He needed this sleep, and no matter how hard it hurt, Cas could give that to him.
“Butcher? That his real name?” Dean takes another look at him and lets out an impressed
“And what about… the rest of it? I understand that you probably want to get off
“Got it. And then he told you to get your head out of your ass and fuck him yourself, eh, Ron Weasley?” Dean drank more alcohol as a distraction and drained the cup.
“Yeah.” He sits with Cas to eat, his eyes flickering between his plate and those blue oceans. “You ever get food not from here for yourself? Like a burger?”
He continued to speak about how having commitment and passion but no intimacy can often lead to feelings of insecurity down the road. One partner could crave intimacy that the other isn’t capable or willing to give, which can foster resentment, fear, insecurity, and even anger. If neither partner is willing to share in at least a shred of intimacy, there’s more than likely an underlying reason for that.
He sends a particularly strong pulse of grace through Dean as an indignant response, then presses him harder against the wall and slides nearly all the way out. “I'm not entirely sure if that was meant as a compliment or an insult, but either way. I didn't expect such a selfless man to be such a brat.” Cas bottoms out again, swallowing Dean’s response in a kiss and spreading his wings wider.
Over the last couple of weeks, he thought he’d gotten used to Dean’s absence. Nothing was quite as funny without him, or as bright, but he’d been able to get through the day in what he thought was relative comfort. But being next to Dean, breathing in that familiar scent, and having even that small amount of contact with him… he hadn’t been nearly as okay as he’d convinced himself he was. He’d just gotten used to the discomfort in his chest, and the sudden absence only brought to light how bad it had actually been.
They get to the office and Frenchie’s waiting inside, pacing and chewing the skin around his thumbnail. He walks over instantly, lifting Dean’s eyelids like he expects to see pits of darkness instead of irises, then steps back and clears his throat. “This is Warden Edgar. Warden, this is Dean Weench—”
“Yup.” Dean released a sated groan.
“Poor baby. You need a warm bath, and I’ll feed you pie while you sit in the bubbles.” Cas kissed his head and stood, holding out his hand. “Let me take care of you tonight.”
After he went to his room, he grabbed his phone to call Jo. He had no fucking clue what to say to her, but he knew they had to talk.
“Gag me!” Dean said way too fucking loud and then blushed profusely. “Shit... Sorry," he whispered.
“Sam?” Dean questioned, “Any ideas?”
Nothing could put you back in the proper headspace quite like the bite of a strap.
The next four strokes came quickly, Dean counting them off through gritted teeth as soon as he was able to drag breath into his lungs.  He knew from past experience that trying to space out his responses in order to give himself more recovery time did not go over well.  He could feel the searing line of each individual stripe in a way he knew he would no longer be able to when Cas was done, and Dean felt as though he might implode from the weight of sheer sensation.  Nothing could be more intense—at least, until the next stroke fell, carefully aimed so that it struck directly over the base of the plug, driving it sharply against Dean’s prostate at the same time the pain of the strike overtook him.
Dean turns back to Cas, prepared for another round in the newly-revived feud, and instead finds the angel staring at Stuart with an expression of horrified fascination.  A quick glance at the rat reveals the reason why.  He apparently cannot stomach the idea of wasting (what he at least sees as) perfectly good cheese, and is hard at work snacking on Sam’s leavings.  “Oh, gross, dude,” Dean says, making a face, “seriously, there’s no way you’re that hard up for food.”
“I thought,” Cas says, sounding about as put upon as he ever has (and that’s saying something, considering how often Dean has been known to stretch his patience to its breaking point), “you were staying out of this dispute, Sam.”
“Mmmm,” Cas says, consideringly.  “I like it.  It seems a large name for such a small creature, though.  Olympus was, after all, a mountain.”
Good.  That was good.
“You know it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rocks forward and back, forward and back, hands planted solidly against the wall, his back arched and ass presented for the pounding Cas is bestowing upon him.  And pounding is the right word.
But we will certainly deal with that little rebellion.”
Sadly, the top of his voice is somewhat less than impressive at the moment which means there’s a better than even chance that Cas isn’t going to hear him before Dean becomes a tasty snack.  And honestly, even if Cas does hear him and comes running out it’s quite possible that he’ll just become the second course.  Maybe not, though.  Punk has adored Cas from the moment they laid eyes on each other, and it seems likely that won’t change based on size.  Dean, though?  Well, he and Punk tolerate each other out of necessity.  That’s about the best that can be said of their relationship up till now and apparently, Punk’s tolerance only extended as far as the point at which Dean wasn’t conveniently bite-sized.
