“Maybe you could do something with both blues? You’re the artist, you figure it out.”
Steve did as he was told and sat on one end of the blanket, patting the spot next to him and in front of him so his boys could join.
The brunette dipped his index and middle fingers into the bucket of light blue paint and dragged them along the blonde’s cheeks. He placed one finger on Steve’s nose that left a spot. Steve smiled and dipped the same fingers into the blue paint and kissed Tony’s forehead before he drew lines down his face.
Tony beamed back at Steve and put a medium sized piece of fluffy pink sugar in his mouth. It started to melt a little around his lips as he spoke.
The first time you tried to cook.
The first time you held Peter and begged him to wait another year before starting school.
The first time Peter walked up the steps into school.
She began to nod when she realized that she couldn’t.
“Natasha helped me set everything up,” the blonde bushed nervously. Even after all that time being around each other, Tony could still render the captain into a state of serious anxiety. He was like a teenage boy dealing with his first crush. Well, in some way it was exactly like that, considering Peggy was the only other person Steve had ever truly had feelings for.
hard, right? Oh god, Clint was
One by one they looked away from the group to turn towards Peter, their breath hitching as they looked at the younger boy's state.
There were no happy moments between the Avengers and no cheery morning greetings.
"Pedestrian Ben Parker was shot and killed when Burglar, unknown, broke into their house. Pedestrian, Ben Parker, called out the robber but was, unfortunately, shot in the heart by said robber. (flip to page 3 for more info)"
"That's good to hear. I know a lot of people think school isn't the best thing in the world, which, they're probably right, but, it is important." Steve smiled, placing the pan aside and turning off the stove top. Just then, Tony walked into the room.
[Gotta go
find out about this. Not yet."
It was Peter.
But at this moment, he couldn't bring himself to fanboy over
The world didn't need Spider-Man.
Once arriving to said locker, Peter was relieved that he made it in here so far without being noticed, better yet, acknowledged. Opening the grey locker door, Peter placed his book bag inside and began to shuffle around for the correct books he would need. "Hey, Peter!" a voice shouted happily.
Rogers smirked. "As if. You should'a seen the shit I got into pre-serum. If it wasn't for Bu--" Steve's lips closed as he bit his tongue. The group notice this but didn't push it. "If it wasn't for my
have a point.
Peter gulped, almost forgetting about the assassin knowing his 'little' secret. From the way Romanoff was looking at the young teenager, she knew that Peter was slightly worried. "Peter," she said with a reassuring smile. "You know that I won't tell anyone. I promised you that, and I don't back out of my promises. Ask Clint." Parker didn't even need to ask the male, he knew, from the way Natasha presented herself, would never tell. But still, a lot of people were the same way. "So, you ready to go?"
"What Wade's saying is that while Peter is out there MIA, he's searching for the killer. He's playing
Looking up, Natasha took note of the red chafing makers under his breasts, on his sides, and under his armpits. "Jesus, Pete.." she whispered under her breath. "All right," she said a bit louder, "Hop up on the counter."
Slamming his bedroom door, Peter pulled on his black hoodie that Uncle Ben had gotten him. "Mister Peter," a familiar, British voice spoke. "Your vitals are erratic, shall I contact someone for you?"
"What are we going to do?" he asked, his voice shaky and filled with worry.
Anyways, carry on, loves! Xx
Parker, however, was making something a little more time consuming. His 'project', so to speak, was mincemeat pie. Though, it was mostly served during Christmas, Peter couldn't resist, seeing it was one of his all time favourites -- beside the turkey and all the different kinds of pie. Grabbing, yet another, bowl, Peter emptied the meat, pecans, apples, figs, brown sugar, lemon peels, and a touch of brandy. Stirring it all together, Peter set it aside into the fridge. While that set, Parker began to work on the fruit salad. Taking different kinds of fruits (kiwi, strawberry, grapes, etc.), the male began to work.
know that, either." Peter frowned. Walking into the classroom, the three took their designated seats towards the back. Ned to the right of Peter, and MJ to the left of Peter -- just like they did last year. Except, Flash was
The television was shut off by a shaky hand. Said limb belongs to his mother.
"Hey, listen here." Natasha growled towards the woman. "You are going to let him go into the changing room -- the
"Hey, Wade." Peter smiled softly at the masked mercenary who was now walking into the kitchen (where everyone happened to be at the moment). "I thought you were going to go and pick up Aunt May?" Peter then asked Tony. Stark's eyes went wide before grabbing the keys and running off into the direction of the door, shouting a loud 'shit!'.
a part of him reasoned,
Steve had... not taken it well.
“Yes, boss.”
, and grab the kid and run.
“Well, he was delirious,” Wilson said, sounding as if the words were being dragged out of him with pliers. He’d stuffed his hands in his pockets and stepped away to lean against the wall. “He kept asking for Galahad. Took the nurses a while to figure it out; Arthurian mythology isn’t really that popular here. Clint thought it was a hoot, by the way, so you should probably brace yourself.”
“I’m crying on the inside,” Tony snapped, and turned his attention back to the tablet. He didn’t want to spare any of his time and energy on this asshole. He had a lot to get through; Shuri and Jane had pushed through an update just before they’d boarded and there was a lot of new data to absorb. There was plenty to keep him occupied, even without the quiet ping from Vision letting him know that everything was OK with Steve.
“And it’s a very nice picture, Steve. I look very… majestic.”
Tony stared at the rainbow shake. “I’m not drinking an avocado-mango-berry shake.”
Tony opened his mouth to ask what the hell that meant, and… stopped.
He really hated aphorisms.
M’Baku coughed. “King T’Challa. May I speak with you in private?” He raised an eyebrow.
But maybe Barton would be. Maybe it got easier, this feeling, and the vice around Tony’s chest would slowly start to loosen. Surely it would; surely, as Steve grew up - as Steve
That, or Romanoff had organised it all before passing it on to him.
And here was Mordo, with the fervour and clarity of the martyr, of the religious zealot.
(Steve was smiling up at him, hair sleep-tousled and eyes bright. He was reaching up to catch a hold of Tony’s hand.
“Boss? You have a call,”
Human, then. Or at least familiar enough with Western pop culture to pass as one. “I’d respond appropriately, but, to be honest, you don’t especially seem like a decent fellow, so I’m afraid that -” He lunged forward, mouth half-open to try the unibeam on the lowest setting. “FRIDAY, uni-”
There was a weird expression on his face as he said it; if he didn't know better, Tony would have thought it
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “My dick is fantastic, thank you. It’ll take time for things to settle down after the surgery, obviously, but there is every indication that it was successful and with a bit of work, I’ll have full function back in that area.”
No wonder the guy had managed to get into the palace without the alarm being raised.
Tony had the unpleasant sensation that he was being mocked in some way he couldn’t quite pin down. His eyes narrowed. “You know, I’m still not entirely sure why you’re not trussed up like a turkey at Thanksgiving down in the hold. Why do you merit a seat?”
“I’m just sayin’. You want me to leave you here for a bit?” His eyes darted to the door before he could help himself.
At least they hadn’t dragged Maximoff with them; the last thing Tony needed was trying to fight an ECOWAS extradition to Nigeria. “There are guards,” Tony pointed out. “Many, many unfeasibly tall and broad guards. You’ve bottlenecked all entry points pretty effectively here; D’Artagnan either has to portal in and risk ending up in solid rock, or fight his way through the entire cast of the Gladiators. You could go and play hero with the rest of them, although God knows how you managed to con Vision into going along with that.”
Tony's mouth was moving without any input from his brain. “Okay, how do you even -” he pointed an accusing finger. “Why is this a pop culture reference you’re familiar with? I was stuck with Captain
One false move, and he could trigger a major conflict. Did the US even have a position on the Ossetian question? "FRIDAY, prepare a briefing for me on South Ossetia for the trip over. Recent events, key players, things likely to explode. You know the drill." How the hell had Rogers even made it into Georgia undetected?
He was likely going insane. He doesn’t know why the same thought kept coming back to him, circling around and around with perfect clarity:
? Why?”
Tony sat down at the desk, the pebble in his outstretched hand. “Locate audio recordings, Steve Rogers,” he murmured. The pebble beeped softly, the screen unfolding in front of his eyes, a list of entries appearing. There were about three dozen of them, spread over the weeks following Siberia, varying in length. Some were over an hour long; others, just a few minutes. There were associated files linked to them, photographs and maps that Tony recognised from the briefing packs, structured neatly in thematic trees.
He doesn’t know why Romanoff was so insistent on him listening to all of this. What, was this violation of Steve’s privacy supposed to make them even, somehow? Was listening to Steve be in pain supposed to
The kid looked at him through narrowed eyes, then seemed to relax. “That’s OK, I’m OK.” He looked back down at his sneakers and edged the tip of his right one over his left, making the Iron Men bump extended fists, mid-flight. “Thanks,” he mumbled.
That, or his temperature had also dropped to dangerous levels.
“I’m OK,” she whispered, almost to herself. “I’m in control. I’m in control. I’m in control.”
and a - a -
“Yeah,” he said, and looked at where Barton was staring fixedly at the tabletop. His chest felt like it was in a vice. He should leave Barton here, he should take
Christ, the last thing the world needed was another flare-up in this region.
Tony held the little black pebble in his hand and thought about playing the recordings.
Barton isn't having the best reaction to having his mind messed with - again.
” he heard someone say quietly, almost out of earshot. “
“This all Dr Foster’s work?”
First, he’d tear Barton a new one. Then, he’d figure out what to do with Steve.
Her hand landed on his shoulder as he knelt, his face turned away.
“You know, you really have a funny way of trying to get people to trust you,” he said. “You make bait out of everyone you’re trying to make peace with?”
, and everything else was just a little too slick to have been handled by civilians. The identities for Barton and Barnes were of actual people who’d worked for him previously; well, Barnes was, and he’d bet that Barton was also wearing the face of someone who had been on the Stark Industries payroll in the past. The airport was fine - Pepper would likely have gone for the same one - but the two cars flanking the limo were definitely over-kill. Tony hadn’t allowed that level of security since he’d first come home from Afghanistan, and maybe not even then. Pepper would have known that. Hill… Hill wouldn’t have cared.
“You sure did,” Tony agreed, smiling despite himself. “Wanna bring it home with you?”
Steve carefully drew the faceplate on as an exaggerated clown-frown. “You’re angry because the bad guy came and was a bully,” he explained. He paused for a second then added a goatee around the mouth slot, framing the frown with scribbled peach fuzz.
,” he whispered, broken-hearted. “I keep waking up and she’s not there, and, and, I’ll be good, I’ll be
"Yes, boss."
Shuri tipped her head to one side and smiled a little sadly. “I think you are enough like my brother to guess.”
his mother’s voice said, soft and low, the bundle in her arms wriggling,
, is linked to his mental state rather than his physical one. Half of him - the same half, so mad he is almost vibrating - wants to tell him that all he needs to do to make Tony feel better is
wanted to punch that pinched expression right off that bastard’s face.
. “The initial signs are that the surgery was successful and I am pleased with your progress. However, we need to ensure your body has sufficient time to heal from the trauma, not to mention we need to assess you prior to full release.”
“Nothing.” Mordo had the gumption to fucking
Barton shrugged a little helplessly. “It’s what we give to Cooper when he’s sick and we’re out of baby Tylenol.” He reached out and brushed a lock of sweaty hair out of Steve’s eyes. He looked up at Tony and his lips were a thin line. “How long has he been wheezing?”
Barton looked away. “Let’s talk about that later.” He nodded at the child in Tony’s arms. “Look.”
He ran a trembling hand through his hair, watching Steve shift restlessly in his sleep.
He arrived at the coordinates on schedule, sending a quick burst of data to T'Challa before he crossed into the South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast. The last thing he needed was T'Challa assuming a lack of communication from Tony amounted to a casualty and working his was down the contact list.
Steve is... not good.
Wilson leaned back, his shrug almost imperceptible. “Well, the offer’s open, if you change your mind.” He looked at Tony for a long moment, his eyes narrowing. “Stark. Why did you call?”
“Yes,” Rogers interrupts him, finally looking him in the eye. “I mean - yes. That -” he swallows. “That seems fair. I'll help with whatever you need. Whatever you want, Tony. Materials, access to scientists, secret research, whatever it is. Just tell me.”
Rhodey considered, watching Steve half-dozing against Tony’s shoulder, limp and compliant in his grip. “Nope, I think I’m good. I’ll wait until he’s been turned back for the rest of it.”
Oh, Tony was going to fucking
FRIDAY’s voice was staticky, the connection from the suit to the earbud clearly disrupted by something. “He is underweight, asthmatic, and vitamin-deficient. His body temperature was 35.5 C when he was placed in the suit; it is now up to 35.6 C and will climb 0.1 C every fifteen minutes if he remains inside the suit. He has minor abrasions on his legs and he is dehydrated and exhausted.” She paused for a moment. “You have been inside the base for one hour, eighteen minutes, boss,” she said finally. “The lead lining is disrupting transmissions, and I have not been able to contact the Tower or any other back-up. If the suit does not make contact with my main presence within the next two hours, forty-two minutes, my main presence will contact Vision to retrieve you.”
"So what are you up to today?" Steve asked before taking in a bite of the sugary breakfast.
"You said you wanted to see me?" he asked, his hands in the back of his jean pockets. Today, like any other day, he was sporting his usual baggy graphic t (and a loose sports bra, following the strict orders from Nat to not wear his binder), blue jeans (that didn't hug his hips), and his warn out tennis shoes.
"I think I get what you're saying, actually."
let Bruce tell Tony."
Looking around, he found himself in a random room. Upon further inspection, Peter's anxiety went away completely when he noticed that it was in Bruce's lab. It appeared that he was the only one in the lab, well, accept for the person who was holding his hand. Looking down, he found Natasha sleeping peacefully. Her usual straight posture was now traded out for a slouch, as she laid her head on the side of Parker's bed, her hand gripping his tightly.
"How are you joking in a time like this? Your
"Hello?" Peter tried to call out, his voice echoing around the white space, bouncing off one side to the next. "Is anyone there?" he tried again, his head whipping around to find someone --
much, but over his wounds, that shit
"My, look at the time." Natasha yawned herself, stretching slightly. Parker nodded, following suit with the yawn.
{Yeah, you's right.}
Taking off his mask, the merc looked around his workstation. Glancing over at the clock, he took in a sharp breath of air.
Bruce only nodded before turning back to the group. "What I'm trying to say is, that Peter has had people die right in front of him. Ben, May, and he thinks that he could've stopped Michelle's death. If I was in his shoes, all I would want is revenge, not caring if my life was at stake or not. When, and if, he gets his revenge, it's only a matter of time before his thoughts catch up with him."
(See the end of the chapter for
A silent tear went down Peter's cheek, his emotions finally catching up to him. Standing up, Peter began to pace on the gravely building rooftop, all kinds of thoughts making their way into his head. More tears came out as he became more hurt. Then, Peter stopped. Turning his head, he stared at the edge of the rooftop. Breathing in, Parker stepped up onto the railing, tears cascading down his cheeks and splashing onto the concrete.
“Alright.” Peter nodded, shaking his head, “I’ll be up for it-- I’ll move in with you guys.” he confirmed, a proud look on his face.
. And let me tell you, a hungry Deadpool isn't the best Deadpool.
Tony shook his head. "You don't know that. For all we know, we could have just seen MJ's killer, but we didn't because the camera was facing the fucking
Natasha, Loki, Wanda, and Tony.
“Ah, that’s right, you’ve lived with your aunt all your life, since your parents..” Tony trailed off as well, feeling the all familiar grief rush over him.
"Either really.."
May would shake her head and grab a rag, wiping it off of her husband's skin, playfully scolding him while doing so. Peter would watch the interaction with pure admiration in his eyes, hoping one day that he could find someone to care for him like Aunt May does for Uncle Ben.
"Are you sure?" Bruce questioned. "Once I cut it, it wouldn't even be able to be sewed back together -- it's in literal pieces!"
Parker huffed a breath, a light pink dusting his cheeks. "I get it! I'm going, Jesus!" With a handful of clothes, the sixteen-year-old marched towards the bathroom connected to his room and closed the door shut. The boy could have sworn he heard Loki's laughter whilst he turned the water on.
It has come to my attention that I have forgotten to mention that Wade IS aged down quite a bit.
That's when it clicked.
The room was silent for a moment as if they were digesting all the new information. After a moment, Clint spoke up.
"What?"
"Spidey?" Deadpool questioned, eyes flickering up to the brown haired teen (who was blushing a nice, bright shade of red).
worry at the way she was wording things. "What's wrong with Peter?"
doesn't make the
"Spidey?" a voice came out. It was a voice who he usually heard in a sarcastic tone, but this time, it was one of worry and pity. "What are you doing?"
Gasping. Peter was gasping for air -- that's what he was doing. But the air seemed to burn his throat.
Anyways, I'm trying my hardest to update more, and hopefully I can finally be able to work/finish some of my fics, but only time will tell.
The Avenger blushed deeply, his heart suddenly beating more erratic than normal.
I just wanted to say thank you for all your support. I've tried my best to reply to all the comments, but I've gotten so many (which was a shocker for me for some reason) that it's hard to reply to all.
"If he would've kept his mouth shut Peter wouldn't have run off and, and --"
He was currently sitting on his bed, his back against the headboard. His knees were pulled up to his chest, his two-sizes-too-large shirt swallowing his thin body. He ran a hand through his untamed hair, wincing as his fingers got caught in a small knot. "You know that's not what I mean." Loki chided, a stern look on his face. He was trying (key word:
Realizing that the masked mercenary was right, and that he could, after all, function without sarcasm for a straight second. Biting his bottom lip, Peter sighed and stared at the untouched glass of liquid. "Peter."
"How're you doing, Peter?" Steve questioned from his spot on the couch. Worry and that emotion that Peter hated so much spread through the man's body, it finally resting on his face.
Eyeing the clock on the wall, he realized it was too early to turn in for the night, plus, he has to go help around town tonight. This made him even more irratated. First, he's almost out of T, which barely works in the first place, it wears off so fast due to getting bit. Now, his binder is basically a heap of worn out shit.
"Ye -- " Peter stopped wide eyed. If it wasn't clear the first time, he definitely felt his stomach drop to his knees. Tears began to prickle in the back of his eyes. The walls were closing in on him -- not physically, but that's what it seemed like at the time for the young boy. "Ho -- How... Wha... N --"
to other people than himself.
Wade pretended to think, placing his pointer finger on his chin. After a couple of seconds his shook his head, "Nah fam."
So, Wade Wilson went fast.
Soon, the two pulled apart, Wade's lips brushing over Peter's one final time before he rested his forehead against Peter's, staring into those dreamy, lagoon coloured eyes.
Both their hearts were beating fast that Wade had trouble catching his breath. Peter couldn't get a decent one either. Wide eyes, Parker looked like he saw a ghost. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't--"
Whether it was snowing, hailing, raining, or whatever Mother Nature decided to throw at him, he would find MJ's killer.
Stark's frown deepened. "Kid don't... don't apologize..."
"Holy jingle balls."
"They/Them?" Natasha questioned, looking at Loki's appearance.
, it was the anger towards the sick
I’ve been spending more time with my family, too; trying to throw out my suicidal and impulsive thoughts. It’s worked a bit, but not the best method.
“Don’t you lie to me, young man.” May said in a playful, yet scolding, tone. Walking over and sitting down on the bed his nearly empty bags were on.
I'mma
"How about a different store?" he suggested, not really liking a lot of the options here. Nodding her head, Natasha took the hanger and the two walked up to the cashier. Paying for it, the two then left the store, careful to not run in to Amber again. Once out of the store, the two scanned the mall to see what other options they had.
“It is a limo, Mr. Stark. Things like these grab peoples attention, especially when it happens to be in our neighborhood.” Peter basically whispered, pulling his hoodie, that he decided to put on last moment, over his head to where nobody would recognize him.
From what Thor has been saying, Loki has been a great second in command, especially now free from his prison cell in Asgard. Sighing, Stark threw his head back into his hands with a groan.
What was that noise?
"Peter's Thoughts Start To Get The Best Of Him" FT. Deadpool, A.K.A. Wade Wilson
Shuffling back to his desk, the doctor pulled out a pair of scissors and walked back to the brunette. Cautiously, the male begin to cut Peter's binder off of him. A smooth line cut down the center of the fabric, revealing his chest. The doctor looked down with wide eyes. "Holy shit," he muttered as he slipped the rest of the fabric off. Bruce was staring at Peter's chest. Glancing over, the other's widen their eyes.
Tony smiled to himself, his heart thumping against his chest. "I love you too."
In which Tony Stark proposes an offer to a young Spider-Man.
Swallowing the lump in his throat, Peter nodded his head and started to stand up. Pulling the hoodie part back down, (it fell over his face during mid fall), his cheeks burning a soft scarlet. "Y-Yeah.." he muttered, his voice breaking an octave higher.
And it’s so frustrating! Because I keep disappointing you guys by not updating.
Wade?
Thor simply smiled as he sat straighter in his chair. "My sibling, Loki --"
"Mr. Stark's AI." Peter finished with a breath of relief. "Sorry, you just scared me." he laughed as he stood up. Walking over towards his new white desk, kindly gave by Mr. Stark, he opened a random drawer on the bottom and carefully placed in the newspaper clipping.
Heads snapped towards the god's direction. "Who?" the group muttered in response.
!" Ned whisper shouted loudly. Parker's eyes widened before clamping a hand over Leeds mouth.
Wade?
"Oh," Peter managed out as he stared at all the floral pattern clothing.
As soon as Bruce left, the sound of heavy footsteps began to get closer and closer. Eyes furrowing, he looked up from his half completed project. There, in the doorway, was a panting and dishevelled Clint Barton. "Oh my god I need to get into better shape."
Wanda let a tear slip down her cheek as it felt all too similar to when she lost her own brother. Vision sensed this and slowly, but comfortingly, pulled the witch into a hug, her cries of sadness and pain being muttered by the fabric of his shirt.
"So, you are Mister Wilson," Loki spoke, her voice even and not once wavering. "Deadpool right now, isn't it?"
Walking in, Peter and Natasha were overwhelmed by the amount of people shopping inside. If you didn't know the date, you would think it was Black Friday -- which, Peter despised with a passion. Not even two feet inside, someone had greeted them.
"Oh, uh," Peter stuttered before clearing his throat nervously. "It's going good..sir."
"You better hurry that sweet ass of yours, Spidey." Deadpool whined, bouncing up and down in the same place. Peter rolled his eyes, throwing on his blue and red beanie. Huffing, Parker walked out of Wade's bedroom and looked up to the male.
"Well, I know for a fact thinking on top of a roof isn't the best of ideas, especially when you have one to many to drink."
“Oh, Peter!” Aunt May shouted as he walked out the door,
Peter ceased up from beside of Loki. All the attention turned back towards Parker, looks of shock on all of their faces. Even Natasha showed signs of surprise. This was
The next thing he knew, both Peter and Ned were on the floor, arms wrapped around each other so tight as they cried and mourned their friend together.
"Oh no," Parker whispered with sudden realization.
Steve tilted his head, copying Tony's actions from just a mere minute ago. "The fourtee-- oh. Oh shi--"
Parker couldn't handle this, he couldn't handle the confrontation. Not now, anyways. Hands shaking, he backed up and took off towards his room, dropping something along the way, but he wasn't too concerned about it. Once to his room, he slammed the door shut, the sound echoing throughout the hallways of the large building.
Anyways, I’m getting off track.
. And I can't place my finger on what it is that makes you that way."
"-- Cut it." Natasha ordered without a second thought. It was time he got a new one anyways.
and a
"I'm here to free Bruce Banner and Clint Barton." Natasha spoke to the woman behind the counter. Nodding her head, the lady started typing into her computer before standing up. Grabbing a set of keys, the woman led Romanoff to the holding cell.
"I don't drink." Peter spoke plainly.
"I have no idea.." she muttered under breath. "This shit looks like something that was rejected from some fashion show." Once more, Peter laughed loudly. "What? It's true!" the auburn haired female laughed with him. Shaking his head, Peter stuffed his hands into the back of his jean pockets. Begging to walk around, he did find some clothes that
"Peter," Natasha spoke loudly, pulling him out of his thoughts. "Breathe, try to breathe. Please, Peter, try to. For me."
Not five minutes later and Natasha had parked the car and started to help Barton with grabbing Peter. Once more, a grunt escaped the boys mouth. Taking the back entrance, the three rode up in the elevator, and as the door opened, Nat cursed under her breath.
Barton rolled his eyes. "Oh, shut the hell up and come out already."
With that thought, a soft sob made it's way back from his throat and out of his mouth.
"When I got done packing, I went downstairs and found the two fighting. I tried to break it up, but before I could even reach the bottom step, he struck her with the closest thing near him. The police said he had fractured her skull and died before she even hit the ground. He got thrown in jail and I moved in with my aunt. Though that was literal
Barton clapped and followed after his friend. Standing outside the stall (that was occupied by Banner), he patiently waited, camera at the ready.
Natasha laughed -- not at his voice crack, but at the question. "Because I sure as hell don't trust Barton going by himself. I sent Banner to parent over him and all, but now that I'm thinking about it, Clint's probably already convinced Bruce to do something idiotic -- turning him to his dark and sinister ways."
Sorry if Natasha seems a little OOC. In my opinion, I think that Peter would break down her usual 'cold' exterior and bring out the best in her. I also see them having that 'mother' and 'baby' spider relationship, if that's a thing that makes sense. But don't worry, I know how some of you like the whole Wanda x Peter friendship -- and there will be more of it!
"A-Aunt May?" Peter called as he felt hands wrap around his midsection. Doctors and nurses began to flood the room, all shouting different things at each other -- but the young hero didn't hear. Tony tried his best to pull him out of the hospital room, but that was a mission itself. With his super strength, it was nearly impossible. "Aunt May!" he shouted as he tried his best to run towards her.
"Don't worry," Wanda whispered to him, her lips in a small smile. "On my first day here, I banged my head right up against a pole. To this day I think it left a mark.."
"I am not the man I was back then." he defended himself. "May I sit?" Glancing from the place next to him, and then back at the god, Peter nodded his head, moving to where he wasn't flat with the wall behind him. "Thank you," Loki spoke after a moment.
Stark rolled his eyes as he began to type quickly on his keyboard. "Doesn't really have the same effect of 'I'm in', but it'll do," Wade said after a moments silence. "Where's Thor and Loki?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Let's just say I don't mind using a human dick for a dildo and leaving the rest to the files." a new voice spoke from behind the group.
Peter's ears rang as he stayed stationed on his small bed. He was currently at Aunt May's. He was staying there until the landlord finally sold it to another person -- or persons. Mr Stark knew he would be staying there, and even offered Peter to stay there with him. But, of course, Parker declined.
Nodding his head, he thanked her with a thin lipped smile and left the room. Off to find Nat.
"Yeah, but how much time is enough?"
"That's not very gentlemanly of you." a soft voice spoke. Nearly jumping onto the ceiling, Parker whipped his head towards the unknown guest.
have his last name. If that satisfies your needs,
Eye widening slightly, Peter nearly choked on his food. 'Have they found out?' 'What gave it away?' 'Are they going to kick me out?' 'Will I have t--'
[Do you
"But... why?" he whispered out the question like it was suppose to be frowned upon. Peter heard, and felt, The Avenger sigh. Pulling away, she looked the boy in his eyes; her green eyes reflecting off of his ones of hazel.
The auburn hair assassin gripped the steering wheel as she turned right, pulling up to a high school. "It's Peter." she spoke. Barton's breath hitched. It would have to seriously bad for Natasha to get this worked up.
He would
Sam fanboyed over his graphic t, making sure to stick his tongue out, and flip off, Clint on the down low when no one was 'watching'. Rhodey was greatly happy with his handkerchief, and even Vision was slightly amused by the bell. Aunt May thanked her nephew for the new glasses case, complimenting the colour and painting choice.
“Coming!” he shouted back once more, throwing on a graphic t-shirt over the white bandage. Staying in his pajama pants, he basically ran down the stairs, nearly tripping on the last one as he entered the living room.
Peter's eyes widened. "Is that.. Is that Tony's card?" the assassin only shrugged, her grin getting somewhat bigger.
MJ is just a
"So, when are we eating? Because, I don't know about you, but I'm starving." he smiled under his mask, though no one could see it -- but the smile was clear and evident in his voice as he joke around, somewhat seriously. Parker chuckled under his breath before answering.
"Follow me, kid. I'll show you to your room." Stark smiled, placing his sunglasses in his suit pocket. Nodding his head, Peter followed Mr. Stark out of the room before he made a bigger fool out of himself.
"Cause it's true -- hey, are you watching the news? Turn it up,"
care about you, no matter what people may say or think. You are my number one, even if father says that you shouldn't be. You are my top priority, and you always have."
don't you even
Tired of having to go through the struggle of dealing with Flash every damned day.
To deserve to be who he was.
"As soon as Mr Stark gets back with Aunt May. Right now, I'm going to set the table, anyone want to help?" with that, everyone shook their heads no.
Sighing, he looked at his bedside table clock, seeing it read only Five-Thirty in the afternoon. Chewing on the inside of his cheek, Peter checked to see if Aunt May was home. When the cost was clear, he shut the door behind him, stripped out of his clothes, and threw on his Spider-Man suit.
"I'm interacting with you." the young, teenaged boy stated with a grumble.
Peter simply watched as they placed two metal things upon her bare chest, and he watched as her body jolted upwards, but her heart monitor stayed the same -- lifeless. Peter screamed, his voice echoing the hallways of the building, grabbing the attention of many staff members and patients.
Sam wanted to go and talk to the two boys, but Rhodey placed a hand on his shoulder, stopping him. Looking towards the other male, the older just shook his head, almost as if he was saying 'not yet'. Understanding to an extent, Sam remained still.
His black hoodie was up, covering his face. Even though they went shopping, Peter still refused to get rid of the item. His uncle Ben got it for him for his birthday one year. It was one of the only things he had left of him. Shaking the thought away, Parker carefully walked to his locker, keeping an extra eye out for the person who made his life a living nightmare.
to go back. And no, it wasn't because he didn't want to see his only friends, it was because off all the stress between schoolwork and Flash. Plus, Peter knew the moment he went back, Flash would start up right where they left off, and they did
Natasha looked towards the two, a spark of interest in her eyes as she noticed the way that Loki is caring for Peter. Some might say that he has taken the mortal under his metaphorical wing.
Growling, Natasha forced herself to not throw a right hook. Instead, she grabbed the shopping bags (from previous stores) and ordered Peter to come on -- and to bring all the clothes. Throwing them onto the cash register, Natasha payed for the stuff (telling Peter that she would just take it back if it didn't fit) and then left the store with a giant shout of; "Fuck you!"
"Peter, please. Listen to me. I'm trying to get it through to you that I'm not going to tell anyone." Nat said softly, her red hair to the opposite side of where Peter was pulled into. Soon, the young boy relaxed into the hug, hugging back just as tight.
After scrubbing himself for a good ten minutes, the young boy decided to jump out of the shower, and dry off. Picking up the clothes that were now situated on the sink counter, he dressed himself quickly, not knowing the exact time he would be leaving.
Sighing, Jacoby stood up and dismissed the group, going back to the middle and picking up the strewed balls. Ned walked over to him with an apologetic look on his face. "Oh, don't give me that, shit, Ned. You know I could beat him any day." Peter mumbled under his breath, huffing as he tried to discreetly adjust his binder.
"Y-yeah?"
"S-Sorry..." he muttered, wincing at how his voice sounded so -- so...
“Tony Stark.”
depressed — which is a big ass lie, but go off I guess.
let Stark know." Clint repeated.
"Somewhere that's cheap?" Peter thought aloud to himself, a confused look upon his face. Once more, Natasha rolled her eyes.
"You're right, Yellow. Let's go!"
Wade was interrupted as a pair of lips met his.
"Alright, let's eat!" Tony boomed excitedly as everyone started to carry food towards the dinning room, placing it all down on the kitchen table. Thanking Tony silently, Peter sighed a breath of relief, glad to avoid confronting the small embarrassing moment that Aunt May caught with him and Wade.
"And I said --"
were upset about the matter. I mean, who wouldn't be? An innocent kid getting beat to near death for absolute no reason? And don't even get started on the dead-naming, nor the transphobic slurs, comments, and nicknames.
Peter just shook his head, “Sorry, I d-don’t really know..” he trailed off.
"So we all know that Peter is going after Michelle's killer, correct? Correct." Tony spoke, his hands wrapped around a giant coffee mug that was half coffee and half something a little bit stronger.
Running a hand through his short, brown locks, Stark placed his head in his hands. "Peter is.. Peter is --"
Anyways, that sums up the chapter, so, hope to see you in the next!
His outer wardrobe shifted to. His once dark green tunic and black trousers shifted into a long, medieval type dress robe, the colour still the same. "And two," Loki spoke up once more, "Wade is Peter's boyfriend. Why have you not heard of this?"
Not a few minutes later, Uncle Ben would walk in, a smile on his face. His stomach would growl loudly, causing them all to laugh. Uncle Ben would take his spot next to Peter and May, a smear of some substance across his forehead.
Jarvis spoke through the intercoms.
It was Monday morning. The most dreaded day of the week, or, in this case, the first day back to school. His hands trembling with nerves, Peter swallowed what saliva he had left and walked up the stairs to Hell.
"It's New York, Wade. What do you expect?"
The older woman laughed. "You think everything I make is delicious, Edward." The boy shrugged.
"Thank you." Slowly moving Peter to where he was laying down on the couch, the mercenary placed his hands at the hem of Spider-Man's shirts. Looking up, the merc saw Parker chewing his bottom lip, drawing the tiniest bit of blood. Lifting his shirt up, he saw that Peter wasn't wearing his binder, let alone a bra. This was going to be way easier then.
From Tony and Bruce he had received new film for his Polaroid, Steve got him a portable record player -- saying it reminded him of when he was little. Wade gifted him some muscle soak, for when he had tough missions and needed a break, Thor and Loki had brought him a corded bracelet with a beautiful stone. The two said that it was one of the most finest gems on Asgard.
A moment of silence rung through the large space.
Rubbing small circles on the boys right cheek, Deadpool stared down at him as Peter's mouth parted. "Thank you," he spoke in a horse whisper, almost startling the mercenary.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter went into panic mode.
{Aweeeeee! You talk to him so adorably!!!!}
He just wanted it all to end.
"Yes, and his name is Wade. Do keep up." Loki spoke, her eyebrow raised and a small smug smirk pulling at her lip.
A loud noise came from overhead as the door to the vents swung open, a  tumbling Clint falling from the ceiling and onto the hardwood flooring behind Steve and Tony. Peaking his head from behind the couch, he looked towards the group. "Did someone say movie?"
"Morning, Peter." Steve greeted as the young Spider walked into the kitchen. Rogers was seated at the kitchen table. A bowl of cereal was on the place mat in front of him.
"Wan--"
Carefully unwrapping the paper, he then open the box. Parker matched his boyfriend's expression. Teary eyed, he laughed softly at the gift. It was two gold, matching necklaces in the form of handcuffs. Inside was a folded up piece of paper. Picking up the piece of paper, the young boy read it aloud in a soft whisper;
As he exited the room, he could hear soft laughter from the living area. His cheeks tinting red from embarrassment, he bit the inside of his cheek. "Now that," Tony chuckled, "Is how you make an entrance."
"HAH!" Clint laughed, "Told you so, asshole!"
"My apologize, sir." the voice spoke, "My name is J.A.R.V.I.S, Mr. Parker. I am--"
"Hello?"
Tony face palmed, mumbling something about 'Here we are with the formal thing again..'
Peter cracked a smile at this. Maybe he wasn't breaking their usual order after all. "So, Peter. How's school?" Bruce questioned, trying his best to make small talk, unlike the rest of the surrounding people -- they would rather just observe. The young, fragile boy almost dropped his fork onto the plate.
“I’m not allowed to hit your
. He found that thought oddly cheering. Sure, he might not be a part of it any longer (and certainly not if Steve stayed a child), but at least the others seemed to be getting on OK.
T’Challa was waiting for them when they get back, his expression grim. There was a full medical team arrayed behind him - two gurneys, four nurses, and two doctors in medical smocks bearing the crest of Royal Hospital Birnin Zana - which immediately converged on Tony and Steve the moment they had disembarked, Barton and Romanoff bringing up the rear.
Warning: brief mentions of suicide.
Barton raised an eyebrow. “The suit didn’t record it?”
And how it could be
He looked back at Vision, his gaze sharpening. He reached out a hand towards Vision’s forehead, where the Mind Stone glowed with the proximity; Vision clapped his hand on it and stepped backwards, panic on his face.
. “I’m not your fucking counsellor, Tony. Or Steve’s. There isn’t a magic bag of solutions I’m withholding for shits and giggles.” He sobered up abruptly. “Seriously, think about it, Tony. I get what Nat and Barton are trying to do, but trying to rush you guys into this isn’t gonna do us much good if there’s another blow-out.” He shrugged, helpless. “I - yeah, that’s it. That’s all I’ve got.” He glanced away at something off-screen. “Anyway, I better go; I should be able to go in to see Jim soon. I’ll get him to call you when he’s feeling up to it.”
Only a child would think of it in terms of fairness; he should know better.
“Sam, you have to quit worrying, I told you I’m fi-” The rest was too quiet, the words becoming inaudible as they moved out of earshot.
“And was it? OK, I mean?” Wilson had an odd look on his face, strangely neutral.
Numbly, he nodded. He should probably hand Steve over to the med team and be done with it - he needed to be there to talk with the others - but... well, he wasn’t too sure whether he’d be welcome at the briefing, if truth be told. Not if Barton and Romanoff were running the show. And Steve hadn’t let go of his death-grip on Tony’s undersuit, not even in his fevered sleep.
Tony flashed him a quick smile and set the water and food within reach of the suit. “I think you need it more than I do, given that you’re running around in a t-shirt. Eat if you can.” He retreated back to the pallet, wrapping the blanket around himself. It was… not the cosiest he had ever been.
“I wouldn’t know,” Tony muttered. He noted how closely Dhakiya was sticking to him, and the hospital porter that seemed to be following them a few steps back.
“I really have to get on to this, Barnes.” Maximoff was already inching away, her eyes on where Steve still had his face buried against Tony’s shoulder.
“It would be my honour, Steve,” Vision said gravely, still with that same gentle smile. He held out his hand. “Will you come with me?”
of bad words,” Steve said, muffled against Tony’s side, sounding beside himself with glee.
, because Tony had been at their mercy for two days and he was already ready to shoot himself). But...
put out to have missed all the excitement, but when it came right down to it, no one could agree on what to do. It was building up to a fairly full argument by the time Tony made up his mind. “If I go,” he said, and Lang paused mid-sentence to gape at him. “If I go, T’Challa, I don’t think it would be sensible to take Steve with me.” Not that he could remove Steve from Wakanda easily, of course, but the legalities of it didn’t seem the biggest issue at the moment.
Tony looked back at where the others were waiting. Romanoff had turned away to give him the illusion of privacy, Lang was looking at his watch, and Barnes… Barnes was just
(Yinsen stared up at him, the light fading from his eyes.
Rhodey shook his head. “A second flight so close isn’t advisable,” he said tightly. “I’ll stay put for a couple of weeks. Let the doctors here take a look. Do some more physio.”
“Steve,” he said helplessly, looking down. (He hadn’t even felt the kid grab a hold of him, let alone -) “Buddy, it’s OK -” He knelt down and gathered the child up. “It’s OK, it’s fine, don’t be scared.” The child was small and cold and rigid in his arms, his grip on Tony unyielding. “We’re not gonna fight, I promise.” He stood up, Steve wrapped in his arms. “This isn’t finished,” he said to Barton, who still had that same look on his face, worried and shamefaced in equal measure. “Don’t you think for one minute that I’m gonna let this go. This is too far, Barton. How could you?”
The swordsman did not take it well. He took one look at the red tendrils twisting from Maximoff’s wrists and his expression contorting with rage. The glowing shield crackled and spat energy as he struggled. “Another one!” He shouted, bracing a knee against Barnes’s abdomen and shoving him backwards bodily.
well, he hadn’t
"Cap?" he called out.
“And if Umar
“You said a bad word
Back at the hospital, Steve was just as Tony had left him, carefully propped up on the pillows and the face mask and cannula back in place. Tony paused outside of the room for a moment, watching him sleep through the glass.
Okoye touched his shoulder before he could step in. “Be careful,” she warned. “We do not know what he may have done.” She looked back over her shoulder, at where Minoru and Mordo were arguing, golden tendrils still wrapped around Mordo’s torso. “I will stay with them.”
In the hologram space, the arm schematic overlaps with the brace schematic and they tangle, helplessly.
“How did you sleep?”
(Barton had volunteered to come along mostly to act as a buffer zone. It was either that, or he wanted front-row seats for when Tony and Barnes finally strangled each other.)
neat. She’d doubtless signed off on it, but… Who had she sent as his escort?
“Hey,” Tony whispered, terror in his voice and his heart in his throat. “Hey, kiddo. I’m back.”
else. Tony was not as up to speed on Dr Foster’s work as he would have liked, but he’d read enough to be able to spot her logic and train of thought easily enough. And this was… not it. He skipped ahead to some the hypotheses laid out.
Comments are love.
“No, you didn’t,” Steve said, wriggling against him. “Put me down!”
(He’d like to think that he hadn’t judged the others a threat, that he hadn’t put Peter in any danger, but he knows better. Wanda had been there, and Barnes. There was no way to explain that away.) That they’d both come away relatively unharmed was more luck than design.
He brought the HUD back to the table and hoisted Steve on the table to sit beside it, so that he could face him more or less eye to eye. “Hey. Yeah, it’s gonna fly again, don’t worry. Listen, I didn’t say it before, but I should have. You’ve been very brave all through this, Steve. I’m -“ The words stuck in his throat.
Of course, he hadn’t expected Wilson to be spending time with Rhodey, either, so that was probably a factor. That is, if this thing was something recent, and not something that he was noticing just now. Bethesda, though… He couldn’t remember where Wilson’s place was, although he was fairly certain it was near DC. Had Wilson gone back to the US after the clusterfuck in Siberia?
Face still pressed against the cool table-top, he tightened his arms about his head, his heart hammering in his chest, panicked and rabbit-swift in the cage of his ribs.
“He didn’t go after the blood samples,” Romanoff said quietly. She looked up. “The attacker. He could have had any of the corpses. Or, if he wanted Steve specifically, he could have gone after any of the blood samples, if he was tracking the radiation. But he didn’t. Why didn’t he go after the easier target? Why not just portal in a bomb if he wanted Steve dead, why go in himself?”
At the pilot’s console, Barton was slumped forward, his body tense, his eyes moving rapidly beneath his closed eyelids.
“I’ll bet. You’ve got quite the shiner.” Barton grinned at him as he pocketed the penlight, the pinched look on his face briefly fading. “Your pupils look OK, though, so you’re probably not bleeding in your brain. You had everyone worried there for a bit, you know. Okoye almost cracked an expression.”
Tony didn’t answer, sliding into Wanda’s vacated seat.
These are not the extent of his choices, he knows that much. He does not have to stay here, frozen in fear, waiting for the impossibility to resolve itself, for the choice to be taken out of his hands. He does not have to say here at all. Surely that much is self-evident, surely it is
In some strange sort of way, he's actually feeling marginally better now that there is a physiological reason for his stomach clenching like this. He knows what this is. He's had this before. He knows what's coming.
“Right, you must be frozen.” Christ, he had to warm the kid up quickly. “I'm just gonna -” Still moving slowly, he started opening up the manual latches along the suit. He stepped out once it was open enough, shivered as the cold air hit him. It was freezing even in his thermal undersuit; Steve was probably risking hypothermia. “Sit,” he told the suit, and it obediently sprawled down on the ground. “Let's get you inside, okay?”
The two bedrooms were adjoining, one clearly intended for an adult, with a king-sized bed, and the other… not.
gonna help? Sorry to press you on this, but I have an unconscious seven year old and a fucking Death Eater who likes to chop up little kids after him, so if you’re not gonna be of any help I need to know now rather than later.” He ran of breath, panting. His vision swam again and he grabbed onto the shoulder of the suit to keep himself upright. “Also, I might throw up on you,” he said upon reflection.
“Tony? You back with us?”
Tony stood frozen, staring at the box. Then, "no," he said decisively, moving past her and a supremely unsurprised-looking Rhodey, Steve held firmly in his arms. "I'm in charge of him. I'll do it."
“This is such a bad idea.” Tony looked down at the papers and sighed. “Well, in for a penny, right?”
(But maybe he could trust her. Just a little. Just enough to help Steve.)
Tony shoved him off and pushed past Okoye to reach the cell door as it slid open. He had a repulsor six inches from Mordo’s face before Barnes rounded the corner and caught up to him, Wanda on his heels. “That’s close enough, D’Artagnan,” he snapped. “Back inside.”
Steve was fine. Steve was
And Rogers. Of course, Rogers. Just because Tony had Steve to look after, that didn’t mean that the question of Rogers went away. That didn’t mean that everything was magically solved.
The kid’s gaze sharpened and he brought the knife up again. “How do I know you're not a bad guy?”
Tony hummed under his breath. “That would be a lot more convincing if you didn’t have Barnes and Maximoff standing guard. And you haven’t explained
tl;dr - Mordo's willing to make the call to do unspeakable acts in the name of protecting reality, turns out the rest of the sorcerers, supreme or otherwise, are on the same page (at least according to him), Tony's wondering what the use of oversight is if the people in the room make a morally abhorrent choice to protect the world (and wasn't this what he was trying to get away from when he shut down the weapons division and limited it to his direct control), and yes, all this has done is muddy the waters that extra little bit re: the whole Accords issue that we'll pick up again a bit later on.
Having seen it in person didn’t make the images any easier to stomach. Tony looked away from the screen to where Rhodey was watching the slide-deck, his expression hard. The wheelchair was the same one he’d been using in the US, the one Tony had fiddled with a little; it was sleeker and more streamlined than the standard issue ones, and better cushioned for excellent lumbar support. The prototype of the braces Tony had designed was stashed underneath.
Barnes glanced back at the two of them; Tony’s torso turned slightly so that his shoulder was between the door and Steve, the child’s face furrowed in concentration. The amusement faded at the tableau, Barnes’s expression smoothing out into something unreadable.
Tony looked up at him somberly. “The enemy of my enemy, huh?”
“... right.” Tony turned to the screen, where T’Challa was lounging in a chair opposite the swordsman, looking for all the world as if he was on a yacht. M’Baku was at his shoulder, silent and menacing.
building was the facade for the Hong Kong sanctum.
“You’re back to walking everywhere the moment that mask is done,” he informed the sleeping child, and checked to make sure the aforementioned mask was within reach. His touch lingered on Steve’s forehead.
He had a whole list of things that T'Challa could have been calling about, alright. But this was nowhere near the top. Had Rogers told T'Challa to contact him? Did he even know that this was what T'Challa was doing? What the hell was Rogers doing out of Wakanda anyway? "...what?" he managed finally, sounding more bewildered than he'd like.
She shrugged and went straight to the large screen where the stand-off was displayed, Lang and Barnes at her side.
Steve looked up at Tony for permission, waiting for the barest hint of a nod before immediately starting to battle with the zips and buttons. Tony left him to it, stepping to one side with Romanoff and Barnes. “How’s it looking?” He could assume from her not-stabbed appearance that things were not currently on fire. “He come quietly?”
Beneath his hand, Steve stirred, making a quiet murmur of confusion.
“Believe it,” Romanoff said, moving to stand in front of Tony before he’d even managed to get his mouth open to reply. “We have a problem.”
“Prepare yourself; he looks worse than he is,” Wilson said, and pushed the door open.
“Where’d you go?” Steve mumbled, burrowing his nose into Tony’s neck. He yawned and hiccuped at almost the same time, his face creasing in displeasure as he sniffled and tried to find a comfortable sleeping position.
“So why are you carrying it out of if it’s such a stupid idea?” Tony asked, half-turning away. Steve was still too rigid in his arms and he hoisted him up a little, trying to position him in a more comfortable way. “You just finished telling me that there’s no risk, now you’re telling me that you disagreed with the plan? You can’t have it both ways, Barton. Why are you going along with it if you argued against it?”
Right now, that made a threat again the kid.
Something occurred to him. “Hang on. Why are you here? FRIDAY said she was calling for help.” He doubted that she’d neglect to mention to T’Challa if she’d dispatched someone separately. No, this must be the rescue he’d requested. So - since when was FRIDAY contacting Barton? Since when did FRIDAY know how to contact Barton -
Barnes stared at him blankly from his seat in the far corner. “What?”
Tony flipped him off. “I am vetoing that right this moment, Legolas, don’t you even think about it. You try to lift me and I will do serious damage to your manhood.”
They regarded each other in silence.
Barnes made himself meet Tony’s eyes, something flat and hard in his gaze. “There is minimal risk, Stark; Wanda and I can fight this swordsman. We can defeat him. There is very little danger, and… and it is what Steve would want,” he said, in the tone of a commandment, as if saying made it so.
. We didn’t know if you’d found a corpse, or if there’d been serious damage and we’d find both of your bodies, or...” He glanced down at where Steve was splayed out on Tony’s chest, the small face tucked over Tony’s shoulder. His expression softened. “FRIDAY sent me a copy of your conversation with her. D’you know how freaked out you sounded? You both needed rescue. What did you think was gonna happen when something like that kicks off, Stark? We fucking
“... right.” He’d probably been traumatised enough for one lifetime already. God knew how fucked up he’d be by the time they managed to turn him back into his adult self.
It turned out that
Lang didn’t bother introducing himself to Steve, patting the child on the head absent-mindedly instead as he fell into step beside Tony. “How are you guys holding up?”
A corner of Wilson’s mouth quirked in a brief smile at that, and he was gone. His footsteps seemed to cut off abruptly outside the ward doors, as if the soundproofing was excellent or - more likely - as if he’d lingered, waiting for something. (Someone.)
Everyone’s conversations paused. On the far left of the room, Rhodey was hip to hip with Wilson, who had a hand on Rhodey’s arm, beseeching. Lang had paused in the act of bringing them both coffee. To the right of that little group, Barton and Vision were arguing about something with a scowling Maximoff, who was nervously fiddling with her metal bracelet. And in the far right corner, T’Challa was discussing something with Barnes, who looked remarkably thawed for a corpsicle. Despite having braced himself for the inevitability of running into Barnes, Tony couldn’t stop the prickle of dread creeping down his spine as Barnes turned and looked at him, his mouth a flat line.
“I’m sorry, kiddo,” he said gently. “Yeah. That’s what that means.”
Steve shook his head, his eyes still on the foil-wrapped pallet. “Why don’t you put the suit back on if you’re cold?”
This had not been a terrible point, even if it
Steve. Tony shrugged helplessly. His heart thudded in slow percussion through his chest, low and pained, as if someone was tightening a vise around his ribs. “Quiet. I don’t know, I don’t really know… kids.”
“Shhh,” a woman’s voice said (who was it?) and a small hand fell on his brow. The darkness receded by inches, red light swamping his vision. “It’s OK. You’re safe. Sleep now. Sleep.”
“Yeah, well. Maybe. But whether or not Barnes said it, Steve still obviously thinks it. And Barnes…” Barton chewed his lip. “Something went down between them, anyway.”
Everyone turned to look at him at that. The woman on Barnes’s right tensed.
“He thought it was a Soldier,” Barnes said quietly.
Romanoff had been silent the entire time. She had barely made eye-contact with Tony since arrival, choosing to sit by Barnes at the back, frowning at the data. Tony would bet hard money that the whole lot of them had done their best to assimilate the data but it had been ultimately impenetrable, and they’d gone with a standard bag-and-tag approach. Sound in the short-term, possibly, but not necessarily in the long-term, not when they didn’t know what they were dealing with.
he thought bitterly,
he thought, his heart heavy. (He doubted there’d ever be a part of him that wouldn’t trade Barnes’s life away for the slightest possibility that it could undo what he’d done; that it could bring Tony’s mom back.)
fainted on a Lord, like a Jane Austen heroine. Well, it was one way to make an impression, he supposed. As long as Lord mountain guy didn’t want to evict him or Steve in response… He passed a hand over Steve’s hair, gently checking for any lumps or bumps. “Is the kid OK? Everyone else?” A thought occurred, freezing him. “Oh, God. Is Rhodey OK?” Fuck, he’d left Rhodey at the palace, fucking
Tony shoved him away - gently,
“No, there’s limited power, I don’t want to drain it in case there’s a problem. Just - send them to us, we’ll be waiting.” They didn’t have much choice on that front.
They’d have to test it out, somehow, but Tony already knew what they’d find. It was the only theory that fit all the facts. Steve wasn’t just a victim of the portal-creator. He was a direct link back to her.
Tony wondered briefly why all the medical technology wasn’t freaking him out. Well, either he just wasn’t as susceptible to panic attacks over modern technology as had first been assumed, or the medical tech had freaked him out enough when he’d been even younger and he’d become inured to it. He reached out and touched the mask around Steve’s neck. “That they do, kiddo. You OK with this thing? Know how to use it?”
He needed to get the kid to a medical centre and have him checked out properly.
The others filtered in mostly individually, availing themselves of a coffee or juice on their way to a seat, Barton sitting down in the empty chair to Tony’s right.
Steve nodded, his eyes wide.
“Well, now I don’t have to worry about telling you anymore.”
The first time we held hands.
“Shut up,” Steve retorted, but with the biggest smile on his face.
“Of course we do, kiddo,” Tony smiled, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist.
The first time we tried and failed to change Peter’s diaper.
The soldier pressed a loving kiss to Tony’s messy brown hair and mumbled ever so slightly, “It’ll be worth the wait.”
“Tony,” Steve blushed.
The first time Pepper had to come over to change Peter’s diaper.
“Come on, Peter say Daddy. Da-dee,” Tony persisted.
The first time our friends met Peter.
“You and Steve kissed?! Tony! Oh my god, I can’t believe you! I cannot believe you would do that to poor Steve. Why can’t you just keep it in your pants, Tony? It’s bad enough that you’ve basically slept with the whole city of Los Angeles, now you’re trying to put the moves on Captain America?!”
“You know, we’re bonding right now, Cap,” Tony said as he looked at his husband. “That’s what you wanted right?”
The first time I saw you waiting for me at the end of the aisle.
“Birthday boy, you get to sit first,” Tony smiled.
The first time you had to fix my shield and I had to make you swear you didn’t tamper with it.
Tony rolled his eyes and bounced Peter in his arms, “I’m on hold, actually. And I am spending time with my family. Right now.”
“Good,” Steve said with a small smile on his face. “Because you need to be you.”
Steve joined his husband on the floor and placed his hand behind Peter’s head so he could kiss his forehead.
“I also got Bruce to pick up some pizza, you know, from that pizza place that you love.”
“No, I will send someone there. Because this is something important we’re dealing with here. This is business that can determine the future of both of our companies in a very positive way, but only if you let me send Ms. Potts.”
The first time you proposed to me.
“Happy 94th birthday, Grandpa,” Tony whispered into his husband’s ear.
Tony moved his lips to Pepper’s ear and smiled on her skin, “We kissed.”
“Are you seriously mad at me over paint, Cap? If it makes you feel any better, I like the dark blue. Night Sky Blue.”
The first time we said our vows.
As Tony shuffled through the ocean of people walking through the S.H.I.E.L.D. lobby, Peter was still screaming, and if anything he had gotten louder. The car ride over wasn’t too bad, but the moment Tony had turned off the vehicle and got out to grab the baby, the crying followed in suit.
Halloween was only a few days away. It was one of Peter’s favorite holidays. This year, he wanted to surprise his dads with his costume.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah!” the six year old jumped up and down, clapping his hands. “Thanks, Uncle Clint. You’re the coolest!”
“Does it matter? They’re both blue. How much is our son going to care about the shade of blue on his walls? He’s one.”
“Are the two of you really secretly dating or are you lying just to push my buttons and give me a heart attack?” Pepper asked, trying to catch her breath.
The first time we got married.
“Can I take this thing off now?” Tony pleaded as a toddler would do to get out of time out. All Steve could do was laugh because he knew how desperate Tony was, considering he wasn’t very fond of surprises.
The first time you went to check on Peter and fell asleep rocking him.
“Yes. You have and you always will. I’ve already accepted that.”
The first time you asked me out on a date.
Steve couldn’t make out what the other person on the other end of the line was saying but he knew that Tony could care less now. He couldn’t keep his eyes off of Peter who was happily eating breakfast in his highchair.
The first time Peter fell asleep on the arc reactor.
It was Halloween and Peter couldn’t wait to put on his costume to show his dads.
“Tony, don’t you have something else to do? Go work on the stroller or car seat or something. Or don’t. Whatever.”
“I’ll call it an early day, and we can go out for ice cream.”
“You have absolutely no idea of how much I love you, Steve. So much it scares the hell out of me,” Tony sighed, mostly to himself before he looked to the blonde for reassurance.
“Okay, I’ll try not to be mad at you. Just tell me.”
Baby, there’s hardly any words I can use to express how deeply, madly, irrevocably, passionately in love with you and I always will be. For the past 18+ years, you have been my best friend, my lover, my partner, my husband, and you’ve always stood beside me. I don’t look half as good doing anything when I’m not doing it next to you. I have cherished every second of my life spent with you and our two beautiful children and I wish I didn’t have to leave you all so soon. I am so blessed to have three people in my life that love me, and have more importantly, saved me.
“I love it, baby. Thank you so much. It’s perfect.”
“Because you told me! You were all wacked out on Nitrous Oxide and you told me that you kissed Steve and that he was your secret boyfriend!”
The first time I begged for a baby.
“Just open the box.”
The first time you woke me up because of nightmares.
The first time we bought Peter’s things.
Tony leaned against the counter in the kitchen and ran a hand through his hair with the smuggest of smug looks on his face.
The first time we made love and you had the audacity to ask me for a sandwich.
“Can I ask you something?”
Steve pulled at Peter’s leg playfully and laughed, “Don’t worry, Pete. It’ll just be a few more minutes. Wanna help us set up the blanket to sit on when the fireworks start?”
I want you to know that it’s okay to love again. Grieve as much as you need, but not too much. I don’t want you to live the rest of your life lonely and sad. I want you to be happy, sweetheart, because you deserve the world.
The first time Peter said JARVIS.
All Steve could do was smile and try to hold back tears.
Pepper sat next to Tony, who was blissfully playing with her fingers, zonked out of his mind. Tony Stark was a grown ass man who fought against super villains and managed to stay alive in Afghanistan after almost dying, living off of nothing but a car battery, and he was still afraid of going to the dentist. He’d never tell anyone that he always brought Pepper Potts to keep him calm when he had appointments, no, he was Iron Man. People, especially Clint Barton, would never let him live that down.
The first day Peter went to school.
“I’m not like you, Steve. You’re incredible. You’re so good with him… I’ll never be that. I’ll never be you.”
“Wow! You look so cool! You’re the best Avenger there is!” Tony said as he got down on the floor, sitting on his knees, so Peter could see him.
Peter started to mumble little coos and goo goos and ga gas.
The first time we made love as a married couple.
“Thanks, Pete.”
“Your turn,” The blonde smirked as he hovered over his lover.
The first time I told you I loved you.
“I am ready to be a father,” Tony retaliated. “You don’t know how much I already love Peter. I just don’t think painting is this big of a deal. You’re acting like Martha Stewart or something.”
Live another 70 years for me, Capsicle.
Pepper pulled his hands away in fear that he would destroy the thing in his chest keeping him alive. As said before, sometimes, he didn’t know his own strength.
“What are you going to call yourself, Squirt?”
Steve took the brunette into his arms and gently brushed his hand along the small of Tony’s back. It was at that moment that Tony practically melted into his lover’s hands.
“Tony, please, baby, breathe. Take a deep breath and hold it in. You have to snap out of this.”
The first time we cuddled and you didn’t talk about how stupid and couple-ish it was.
Hawkeye stepped out of the elevator after it reached the right floor and placed Peter down onto his feet. He put all the bags of supplies on the counter and started to take them out.
“Are you having fun, Peter?” Tony asked, looking up at the 8 year old.
“Just don’t break any headboards and use protection,” Pepper muttered as she walked into the elevator, quickly pressing the button to the first floor.
The first time we told our friends about being parents.
Both men started to sound out ‘da-dee’, reiterating it over and over again. Their infant son looked at them and giggled before finally repeating his parents.
“Midnight Sky Blue,” Steve muttered, laughing and sounding a little more enthusiastic than before.
“I love you so much. I love our son,” Steve finally managed out, almost inaudible, as he exchanged a look with Tony.
Before he could get to Steve’s office, Coulson stopped him, “He’s in a board meeting, Tony. You can’t just waltz in here whenever you feel like it. There’s work that has to be done.”
“You’re the coolest,” the man replied before kneeling down to hug Peter properly.
I used to ask myself how I could’ve ever deserved you, Steve. You will always be my better half and you’ve always been so good to me when I didn’t deserve it. I guess I was just so scared that you would realize I wasn’t good for you one day and decide to leave me. I’d never stop you from being happy, but I don’t know how much longer I would’ve been able to live without you by my side.
The first time you told me that the best thing you ever did was make me a poppa (I thought you were extremely cute when you were trying to figure out how to say it).
The first time we watched a scary movie.
Without any hesitation, Tony jumped into Steve’s arms and grabbed his face. They were kissing, deeply, passionately, the type of kiss that made Steve’s heart skip a beat and Tony’s arc reactor glow brighter. Steve put his husband down back onto his feet so he could pull his shirt over his head. Tony was fidgeting with his own until Steve stopped him and pulled it off himself.
The first time Thor took Peter out for ice cream.
“I feel really pretty. Do you think I’m pretty, Peppy?”
With a delighted look on his face, Steve nodded and covered his eyes with his hands.
“How are you feeling, Tony?”
I remember the day you were born and Pop and I were so excited to finally bring you home and love you and give you everything your little heart desired. I’ve been blessed to have been able to watch you grow up and grow so very close to you.
The first time Peter and Clint invited us to a campout in the living room.
Clint chuckled and took a sip of his coffee. He really admired the way Peter looked up to his fathers. No matter what jokes Clint cracked around the two men, he really did think they were excellent superheroes and even better men. Tony had come a long way from being a drunken playboy who was unhappy all the time. He had become a wonderful father. Steve, on the other hand, they never had to worry about. He was walking perfection.
Steve walked up to them and wrapped his arm around Tony’s neck. He smiled at the brunette and then at the ginger.
The assassin smiled and walked down the hallway, “You can have the rest, Pete.”
The brunette grabbed the bag and tucked the present he had gotten Steve deeper down into the bag, hoping it wouldn’t fall out with the blanket. Once the afghan was in Tony’s hands, he gave Peter an end and they spread it out across the green grass.
The first time we decided to be parents.
With one swift drop of the last box in front of the door, Tony called out to Steve.
“Hey, Coulson, always good to see you too,” Tony muttered as he patted the agent on the back, juggling his still crying son at his side. “How have you been? Good? That’s great. Love the tie.”
The room was spinning. Tony could hear Steve’s voice, but the words didn’t make any sense. The world felt like it was crashing all around him, and there was nothing he could do to get out of it, to protect his baby boy and his husband. It was too much.
Clint handed Peter the bag with his costume in it and watched him run down the hall and into the bathroom so he change.
The man let go of the ginger’s head and sat back in his chair before he rubbed his eyes, mimicking a small child.
“Yeah!” Peter yelled. “But daddy, when are the fireworks coming?”
The first time Peter came into our roomand slept with us because he had nightmares.
“Cloud Blue or Midnight Sky Blue?” Steve asked as he nodded to both squares.
The first time I caught you talking to JARVIS about having a baby.
What can I say? I am so very proud of everything you’ve become. You’re grown from my little baby boy to my big grown son. You’ll be graduating high school this year and attending MIT in the fall. I wish I could be there, buddy. In person. I wish I could be there to watch you get your diploma and drop you off to college on your first day. Your Pop always said you’d follow in my footsteps and become a great man one day.
The first time I had to drag you out of the workshop.
The first time we talked about getting married.
Peter,
“Yes, you can take it off. And I mean the blindfold, not anything else.”
“Yes, I know Steve. He lives with you and the rest of the Avengers in the tower. What about Steve?”
The first time you came to bed willingly without me seducing you.
Steve sighed and kissed Tony’s cheek and then Peter’s.
“Holding Peter while you’re on the phone with some power-hungry businessman does not count as father-son bonding, Tony.”
Then Tony realized…
Tony couldn’t take the crying anymore. He just couldn't.
The first time we talked about the future.
Bonus: The millionth time we said ‘I love you’, because I try to remind you every day that you and Peter are the light off my life, that you are my soulmate, and that I’m not the greatest creation Howard Stark ever made. That was you, Tony. You.
Paige,
The genius was just sitting in his chair, looking around and humming to himself.
The first time you looked at me.
“Okay, open.”
The first time Peter said he wanted to be a superhero like his dads.
Tony grabbed for the bag next to him and pulled out a small crème colored box.
“Da-Da.”
On an impulse, which was normally Tony’s speed, he grabbed Peter’s diaper bag and headed to the elevator to go down to S.H.I.E.L.D. and have Steve work his magic like he always did. He just couldn’t take another minute of Peter’s crying.
Tony laughed and Steve had the biggest smile on his face when they saw their son come into the room. No wonder it had been a surprise.
The first time we met Peter.
The day you said you would marry me was the day I knew that you were mine forever and I was yours. I wasn’t scared anymore. It was great to finally be able to know that you really did love me and wanted me.
The dentist grabbed the billionaire’s folder of all his records, “Oh, we’re getting used to it, Ms. Potts. I’ll take Tony’s charts and bring them back to records. Whenever you think he’s ready, you can go up the receptionist and make his next checkup appointment so we know the procedure is making him feel better.”
“It’s okay, Peter, daddy’s got you, everything is going to be okay,” he continuously sang to the distressed baby, knowing in his head that everything wasn’t going to be okay, not without Steve.
“You know, we could just skip dinner and go straight to the bedroom, Steven,” the hero purred, still completely encapsulated by the blonde’s hold. There weren’t many times Tony felt completely safe, to be honest, but with Steve, safety was the last worry on his mind. There were nights when the anxiety was so terrible that Tony would wake Steve up with his cries for help, and every single time, Steve would take Tony into his arms and bring him back to reality. Tony thought for sure that Steve wouldn’t be able to handle his excessive attacks, because they were just that awful. Of course Rhodey had reminded him that anxiety and PTSD was a totally legit thing for Tony to experience given the circumstances he had gone through, and that his boyfriend would most definitely be able to relate. He fit so perfectly in Steve’s strapping arms and his head was nestled right under the blonde’s chin. Not being this close to him always drove Stark crazy.
Tony felt the flush crawling up his neck. All he could think about was Steve’s tear-streaked face when he'd clung to Tony in his fever-induced delirium, as if he'd been drowning. “Yeah, well,” he muttered. “Kids are easy. All he wanted was to get back to his Bucky, anyway.” If only Tony had connected the dots, had realised that of course Steve would be expecting
Tony thought, looking down at the towheaded boy cushioned safely in his arms. Steve’s mouth hung open in sleep, a whistling sound pushed out of him with each breath. Tony frowned. That didn’t sound especially healthy, and the last thing Steve needed was a bout of pneumonia on top of everything. And would FRIDAY have been able to pick up any bacteria that may have come back with Steve? If he had his child memories and none of his adult ones, that seemed to imply it was some sort of time-portal magic nonsense rather than de-aging magic nonsense. (Magic nonsense just the same, and Tony fucking hated magic, period, but at least he had a rough idea of what he was dealing with.) But that probably meant that the kid was covered in ye olde germs. For all Tony knew, he could have brought back fucking
a man."
A sleepy smile appeared on the young male's face as he quietly scooted towards the man. Sitting beside him, he curled into the other's side, his hands gripping the loose cotton of his shirt. Snapping his fingers, Loki summoned a blanket -- but not one from Peter's bed.
team?"
Raising an eyebrow, Tony looked unconvienced, but he let it slide as the lift’s doors opened, revealing a hallway. “Alright, come on.” he murmured, as he turned to the right and walked off. Peter scrambled to get out of the lift in time before the closed on him, but he managed, some how, and followed his new roommate. Rommate? Flat mate? Whatever you would call him. Nearly tripping, Peter turned the corner where Stark had, and followed him into a living room type of place.
Pulling the child towards his chest, he cradled the back of Peter's head as agonizing sobs ripped through his body, only being the slightest of muffled because of the god's shirt. "Shh..." he whispered softly towards the child, though it did no use. Frowning deeply, he looked up towards the others.
have his phone number -- whatever that is -- but I
Banner sighed. "I couldn't sleep, well, I
"Sir?" Sam repeated, "Oh, I like him all ready."
Clint's teeth were barred shut in such a way that it was surprising that his teeth
adorable.]
Once reaching his room, he closed and locked the door. Leaning up against the door, he took a breath, closed his eyes, and counted to ten, just like Aunt May had told him to do.
"Peter," a soft voice spoke. Nearly jumping out of his skin, the teenage boy looked up. Tears fell from his eyes as he stared at his mentor. "Listen, kid, breathe -- breathe!"
So, just to clear up any confusion, the last chapter was a 'Prolouge' (seeing that was the reason it was so short) and this chapter is the actual 'First' Chapter.
God, cliches, man.
Oh, this is going to be a looong day.
"What the hell, Wanda?" Clint laughed, looking at the girl with an amused expression.
Wanda's eyes widened and her throat began to close up slightly. "Oh, uh, nothing! Nothing! Just, uh, a gift is all.."
Collective sighs flooded the room as silence fell over them.
"W-Whose your father?" Peter questioned, yet again, towards the Goddess of Death.
Peter laughed and shook his head, "Not at all."
Stark rolled his eyes. "My apologies," he muttered sarcastically under his breath before speaking up louder. "By any chance do you know this Wade's last name -- that is if you don't have his phone number too."
{Wowza, gangbang much?}
Closing the door behind her, the assassin walked over towards the punching bag and let loose all her pent up anger. After what seemed like hours of punching, kicking, and shouting, Nat collapsed to the floor out of breath. Laying down on the cool mat, she looked up at the reflective ceiling. Her auburn hair was sprawled out around her, her chest was heaving up and down.
Pulling the mask onto his face, Spider-Man opened his bedroom window. Gulping, Peter looked down at the ground, he was pretty high up.
The corner of Loki's mouth turned up. "Yes, Peter, someone of high-importance. Whether you choose to believe it or not, you are the most cared about person in this building, except for Stark himself. You are, what some might say, regal."
?!" he shouted, grabbing the attention of multiple people in the isles. Stark sighed. "How the
“Peter, be careful.” She whispered, holding onto his shoulders.
"I just don't want to go out there and see them all..." he mumbled through the fabric of his shirt, which he pulled up towards his nose. "As soon as I step into the commons they'll start drowning me in their pity."
Upon reentering the living area, if that was something you would call Wade's littered 'living' room, Peter found a glass of water placed on top of a coaster that was on the coffee table in front of the 'broken' couch. "I hope they fit," Wade spoke up from the other end of the couch, his ankles crossed as he looked up at Spider-Man. "They're mine, and I don't know your size, so I kind of just grabbed my smallest set of pants and shirt." Scanning the young superhero up and down, Wade did have to admit that even though they were the smallest clothing items he owned, they were super huge on the young, teenage boy.
After saying grace, which Thor and Loki were slightly confused about, the group began to dig into the food; Thor, Loki, and Steve basically taking all of the mash potatoes. Rolling his eyes, Peter began to eat his well deserved meal. Under the table however, the young boy felt a strong hand wrap around his. A small smile appear on his face as he looked over at Wade who was acting as if nothing had happened. Squeezing Wade's hand reassuringly, Peter continued to eat with the rest of the group. That is, until Steve spoke. "So, I heard that Aunt May walked in on something she probably shouldn't have." Spider-Man choked on a piece of Turkey, eyes wide as Wade smiled smugly under his mask.
This is all his fault.
Thor and the rest of the Avengers sat in the common room of the Tower, watching as JARVIS played the feedback from Peter's room on the large television screen.
Michelle, somehow, was already dressed and sitting on the first row of bleachers. "Hey, losers." she greeted, nodding her head from where she was reading her book. It was a miracle that you could catch her without the thing. Parker and Leeds walked over to Jones and sat down beside her, waiting for their coach to begin talking.
I hope this clears up some confusion! If you have any more questions/concerns, please let me know!
-remus (@jupiduer)
Once Aunt May packed Peter’s clothes, she left the room, letting the young boy handle the rest. Bending down and pulling out a small black bag from under the bed, he unzipped it, and walked to the bathroom.
watch your damn language!" Steve sighed, rubbing his temples.
Opening the door completely, Natasha nearly banged her head against the wall. "ты, черт возьми, издеваешься надо мной,"
Tony's lips thinned. He should go, this doesn't concern him. Placing his sunglasses in his suit pocket, he turned to leave the room.
"No, no, no! LET ME GO!" he cried, tears splashing onto the marble floors. Tony's heart ached. "Please-- please, just let me go!" he begged, as he tried, again and again, to run towards May. But Stark didn't let him go.
Barely remembering the way, he stumbled into the room. "Star wars is better than Star Trek." Clint argued with a unfamiliar man.
His body was shaking. But he couldn't tell if it was from the cold. His grip loosened as that trembling made its way down towards Peter's fingers.
"Do you want an ice cream?" Natasha then asked, remembering how they haven't ate anything for lunch yet. Spider-Man simply shook his head no. Understanding that Peter just wanted to be left alone, Natasha dropped the subject.
"You have a problem with this, Steve?" Tony questioned, his eyebrow raised as he stood up to get his laptop, which was conveniently placed on the couch-side table.
The doors closed and not a second later, they opened again. This time, it revealed a different scenery.
"I said," Parker spoke louder this time, knowing full good and well that Thompson heard him the first time. "Leave me alone."
[I was going to say beautiful, but yeah,
"What the hell are
"You like it?" Tony questioned while leaning against the bedroom frame.
" Loki retorted. As he did, the prince's figure started to shift. His long hair grew a few more inches, long, loose curls started to form. The male's eyelashes started to grow a tad longer, a Loki's lips glossed over.
"If this goes wrong, I am blaming every single one of you."
The days at the tower were silent.
Reluctantly, Peter Parker followed Wade Wilson to where ever the hell they were going. Upon stopping in front of a wooden apartment door, Wade smiled sheepishly under his masked and turned around to face the young superhero. "It's a bit messy but," he spoke as he turned back around and opened the door to a random apartment. "Welcome, Spidey, to my bungalow." he spoke happily. Spider-Man looked around the small flat, a feeling of warmth and homeyness filled his heart. Although it was a little messy, enchilada wrappers littering the floor, as well with newspapers and random sticky notes. But despite the rubbish, Parker couldn't have been more grateful. As Parker stepped in, Wade closed the door behind him and cleared the couch to where the younger boy could sit comfortably -- though Wade swears the couch is broken, seeing he could never get comfortable on it. "Wait right here," Deadpool ordered before disappearing out of sight behind another white, wooden door. Upon reappearing, Wade held in his hands a pair of sweatpants and a baggy tshirt that had 'whatever sprinkles your doughnuts' in fade black writing. "Here," Wade offered, rubbing the back of his neck with his right hand. "You probably aren't comfortable with your suit on, so I thought I could lean you some clothes." Deadpool offered sincerely before adding a quite 'Shut up, yellow'.
doing here?"
?" Tony smiled, nodding his head as he placed a record onto the machine, music slowly starting to spill throughout the room.
ALSO; in case you may not know, I have created a Spotify playlist, and board on Pinterest, for the book! You don't have to look at them, nor listen to any of the music, but, I thought it would be a good way to set the mood and future plot for the book!
{When is there even a 'good' Deadpool?} Yellow questioned in Wade's head, a snigger coming afterwards. Wade rolled his eyes.
Slamming the random book shut, he looked down at his chest and pulled at his shirt.
Shaking his head, he continued his path towards the Tower.
Bruce Banner had to leave the room altogether, afraid he was going to Hulk-Out from the anger he felt when he looked at the teens. But it wasn't anger directed towards
Was he dying?
we're talking about, who knows what he would do if he got his hands anywhere
Romanoff huffed, opening the boys' locker room door. Once out completely, she let go of the door, letting it shut on its own. "Now is not the time, Clint. We need to get Peter to Bruce ASAP -- with out letting any of the others see him in this state."
Peter thought for a split second before pulling Wade off to a random store. "Let's get Aunt May's first. She'll probably be the easiest to get." Wade nodded his head in understanding and followed after his boyfriend. Walking inside the store, both male's got overwhelmed by the amount of people in such a small store.
fast]
“Woah, hold up a second, you can.. Understand, them?” Bruce asked bewildered, eyebrows knitting together as he tilted his head slightly to the left.
At first, his vision was blurry, but over time it became more clear. The pounding in his head still didn't leave, though.
"You'll have to do it then," he whispered out quietly, his voice cracking and hoarse from not talking.
"Are you fucking kidding
Wilson grumbled a soft
okay? I made them swear to it -- and they don't think differently of you, either. They still love you and consider you family."
Like before, Steve was the first to recover. "Bruce..?"
"Well," Wade thought for a moment, setting down the last dish and stepping closer to Peter, who was now blushing slightly, his cheeks red. "I'm here, apparently, because my boyfriend, Peter Parker, who is a real beaut, if I say so myself, invited me for Thanksgiving dinner with The Avengers, plus some." Peter's face was now bright red as hands found their way to his waist, pulling him flat against his chest.
Stark banged on the door to Peter and Ned's shared room. Of course, there was no answer. "Pete, Ned, come out and talk to us!" A moment of silence went through one ear and out the other. "Please..?"
See, once the young superhero settled down from his sobs, switching for a few sniffs and 'sorry's here and there, Wade decided it would be a good idea to forget about the current situation, even for just a second, and switch on something that would make him, Peter, happy.
I'm okay. Nothing major, I guess..
"I would never," he answered honestly.
"H-Hey, Mrs R--"
/////
He was trying not to cry.
A wave of silence washed over the room, it lasting for a couple of beats. That is until a soft voice spoke up once more.
Quickly swallowing the bite of apple he had in his mouth, Peter simply shrugged, "Nothing much. I needed to talk to Aunt May about something, but other than that, I don't really have anything in mind, why?"
But no one heard -- and no one came.
??" Clint whispered under his breath agast.
Natasha rubbed the bridge of her nose. "On second thought, just leave them there."
“I can talk to your incredibly hot aunt for you, but I need you to decide for yourself, not just on Aunt May’s decision, alright?” Tony said in a soft voice, worrying about the young spider.
Eyebrows knitting, he unlocked the device and went straight to the text messages. The first one he saw was from Ned.
in big, black letters.
Hey friends!
{Yeah, what he said!}
"What happened earlier today?"
"Mexican." Natasha hollered back from the couch. 'When did she get there?'
The billionaire continued to watch as the screen intensely as both Nat and Clint made their way to what seemed like the lab, both holding up a comatose Spider-Man.
"The camera was turned the wrong
"Don't forget Sam's, Rhodey, Aunt May, and Vision -- oh, and me, if you haven't already." Wade chimed in with a smile. Peter sighed, shit. He forgot about those, including Wade's. Though only meeting Thor and Loki once, as well as Rhodey, he felt obliged to get them gifts. Pulling the cotton Spider-Man themed gloves off and sticking them into his coat, (Wade thought it was a hilarious idea), Peter checked his wallet. He didn't have much, seeing as he barely had a job, well, an 'internship'. Placing his wallet back in his pant pocket, he looked back up to Wade.
It’s The Law.”
"Y-Yeah?" Wade coughed out as he stared at Peter's slightly chapped lips.
A stray tear fell from Peter's cheek at his aunt's words. "Why didn't you tell me?" he questioned, his voice laced with heaps of emotions. "I could have helped you get better -- I
"Edward is your name, correct?" She questioned towards the owlish boy, who nodded his head.
Peter smiled as his fingers moved across the small screen once more. "I guess it is."
"And you promise you won't tell anyone, either?" Peter then asked, which earned another head shake from Deadpool.
Tony scoffed. "Then please, by all means, share with the class."
. Like, literal shit. Cuts and dark contusions scattered his face. The bags under his eyes were so dark they could carry next weeks groceries, let alone the one that had a black eye. Dry blood stuck to his face, especially under his nose. He more of likely had a nosebleed on his way over here. His chest heaved in a weird way, and Wade deduced he probably had a couple of broken ribs, and with the way he kept shifting off of his foot, a sprained ankle as well.
May Parker was laying on a hospital bed of white, IV's and tubes running all over her body. A nasal cannula wrapped around her ears. Her face was abnormally pale, and she was way skinnier than the last time he saw her. Bags were under her eyes as they closed peacefully. The heart monitor next to her beeped in a steady rhythm.
Hobbling up, Peter winced and moaned as he opened his locker, quickly changed clothes out in the open (knowing no one else would be near), placed his closed in the locker, and sat down against the locker doors. Doing a quick examination over himself, Peter concluded that he had a few broken ribs, a sprained ankle, severe bruising, and possibly a concussion. He also knew, from the mirror on his locker door, that he had a bloody nose, a bad bruised eye, and cuts all over his face and cheeks. Plus, his other wounds from his binder on top of it.
"Gotta go!" she shouted, turning on her heal quickly and spinning face first into the wooden wall. "Shit," she cursed under her breath as she took off into another room, the palm of her hand holding her forehead.
"Thor and Loki should be here so -- well, speak of the devil." Clint raised an eyebrow as two gods appeared in the group.
He needed to be alone right now -- or at least that's what he thought.
"Thank you." the young boy whispered. Pulling out the two necklaces, Spider-Man put on his and then scooted closer to his 'partner in crime' and clipped Wade's on him. "It's amazing."
Walking over, Bruce stook out his hand following Steve’s suit, “Hi, I’m Bruce, also known as--”
Rolling his eyes under his mask, Wade grumbled mentally at himself, causing Peter to turn his head. "Thank you, Wade." Peter said sincerely, stepping over a piece of paper and sitting down gently on the couch, wincing audibly at the binder he kept on.
“That’s so funny,” Tony murmured into Steve’s ear as he held him closer. “Because I think it would look so much better on you.”
“Fine,” Tony replied, clearly annoyed that his perfect boyfriend was always so irritatingly perfect as always.
Your Husband and Daddy
“Thanks, doc. His teeth look great. Sorry about his behavior, again,” the small woman said.
The first time Peter started reading.
Oh, and Wade? He’s an okay guy. I give you my blessings. I know it took a long time for me to come around and give him a chance, but I’ve seen the way he looks at you, and when it’s not like a piece of meat, he looks like he really loves you. I know. I look at your Pop like that.
You are my soul mate, my world, and the love and light of my life.
“Are you going to finish yours, Uncle Clint?”
“Oh, shit. The phone. I’m still on hold.”
Do you remember when you were little, blonde hair a mess and blue eyes so full of curiosity, we used to sing to each other? You couldn’t go to bed without Daddy singing to you first. Don’t stop singing because I’m gone. I want to be able to hear that beautiful voice no matter where I end up in the afterlife. And when you hear our song, I want you to sing it at the top of your lungs. No tears.
The archer placed on hand on his teammate’s shoulder and grinned.
The first time we made love under the stars.
Peter grabbed Tony’s nose and giggled when his dad nibbled at his wrists, “I promise I will pay more attention to you and Peter, okay?”
“I guess I can just put it away for the future or something. Maybe we can paint another room in the house. It would look good in our bedroom.”
Peter started to coo and grabbed onto Tony’s shirt playfully like he had always done when they played. A grin formed on Tony’s exhausted face when he looked down at their beautiful baby boy. The brunette leaned his neck down to plant a soft kiss onto Peter’s nose, which made the infant giggle. Just like his husband had said, as long as Tony was mellow, so was the baby.
The blonde laughed through his nose and looked up at the gleaming colored smoke.
“Maybe so,” Steve chuckled. “But it’s too late to back out now. I’m too in love with you, Tony Stark. And I’m too in love with our little boy. Soon, he’ll be here with us and we can be a family.”
The first time you held Peter.
Tony sat down next to Steve and Peter plopped down in front, eating the rest of his treats.
“Okay, how about you ask one of your uncles or your aunts to help you out? Daddy and I usually help you but, if you don’t want us to see your costume, you’ll have to ask one of them,” Peter remembers his Pop telling him.
The billionaire looked defeated, like everything bad he had ever thought about himself had become the truth. He was a bad father. How could he ever take care of Peter?
Tony looked up and smiled, “You just did. And I thought I wasn’t supposed to talk.”
“Okay, Squirt. I’m going to go find the sewing machine. You stay here and finish your ice cream cone.”
The first time we told our friends about our engagement.
The first time JARVIS called me Steve instead of Mr.Rogers.
“Thank you so much for helping him, Clint,” Steve said. “He really loves and looks up to you.”
The first time Iron Man had to scare away all the monsters in Peter’s closet.
The man turned around and looked at his nephew, leaning against the counter.
The first time he came home with a drawing of his entire family (it’s still up on the fridge and it’s the best part of my day).
Steve’s large pale hand pulled Tony’s face to kiss him intensely. The fireworks were not only present in the sky, but between the two heroes as well as they had every time they kissed.
The first time we made love.
The first time you stayed sober for a big event.
“I want it to be a surprise this year! So, pop said I had to ask one of you guys to help me,” Peter replied, hoping his uncle would indeed help him.
“Well, I think your dads are going to love it. How about we go get the stuff we need to make a costume? Maybe on the way home, we can stop for ice cream?”
Peter’s parents walked into his bedroom and sat down on their son’s bed.
The shorter man slipped his hands under his husband’s shirt and started to finger the lines of his muscles.
The first time I kissed you.
What was Pepper supposed to do? All she could think about was the fact that she knew this insane secret she wasn’t supposed to know and Tony didn’t even remember that he told her!
Ooh, baby, baby, it’s a wild world; it’s hard to get by just upon a smile. Ooh, baby, baby, it’s a wild world, and I’ll always remember you like a child, girl.
Steve stood over the stove making breakfast as he watched his husband make his normal round of business calls in the morning with their infant son clinging to one side of his chest. Peter was playfully toying with Tony’s hair, the brown locks sliding through the gaps in between his fingers. Steve smiled as he finished scrambling some eggs and made their plates. Though Peter had his fingers caught up in his dad’s hair, he watched the world around him with big brown eyes filled with curiosity. Steve caught his son’s attention and made silly faces to get a giggle out of him. There was nothing Steve loved more than hearing his son’s laughter.
“Honey?!”
“Blue looks good on you.”
The three boys made their way to the sight where everyone was sitting around, waiting for the fireworks to light up the New York sky. Tony dropped the bag he carried on his back that was holding the blanket they were planning to sit on. Steve put Peter on his feet and started to pull out the blanket.
“The meeting was just about done,” the blonde said as he stroked Peter’s little head.
“Share it with me?”
“He’s a baby, Tony. He just wants your attention. And it’s not like we’re starving or clothe less or poor. One morning can be dedicated to your son and your husband, not some bigwig corporate boss.”
A list of Steve’s favorite first times from the beginning of his relationship with Tony until Peter’s first few years.
The first time we took Peter out with us.
The first time I saw you smile (really smile, not one of those fake ones you use around Fury).
The first time Peter called you ‘mama’.
The Captain blushed and bit his bottom lip before leaning into Tony’s face to bite the other end of the sugar hanging out of his mouth. After taking it into his mouth, he allowed it to melt away on his tongue before licking Tony’s equally sticky lips and kissing him.
I love you, Steve.
Tony managed to grab an empty elevator and hurriedly pressed the button to Steve’s office floor, the doors thankfully closing before someone else could catch a ride with them. He didn’t have time to deal with anyone else, he just needed to get to his husband and fast.
Steve grinned while Tony took the scenery in as his eyes analyzed the entire setup. The captain had set up a canopy with a glass table and chairs for them to eat, and there were even candles and string lights hanging from the tent.
“Listen to me,” Steve said in a hushed tone. “You are an amazing father, and you have to start believing that.”
Once they got back to the tower, Tony was talking normally again and the gas’ effect on him was gone.
“Do you and Pop really like it, daddy?”
“Daddy! Pop! Wanna see the costume me and Uncle Clint made?”
“I’m on the phone with a power-hungry businessman for Peter,” Tony quickly replied back.
“Aww, you don’t have to do that. We all look out for Tony around here.”
“Sure thing, mommy,” Tony mumbled, eyes glued to the phone in his hand.
“When you love someone, you do whatever you can to make them happy… to show them how much you love them,” Steve murmured into Tony’s ear before kissing the delicate skin of his cheek.
Steve pulled away and frowned, “Sometimes I feel like this is all a joke to you. Do you really care, Tony? Or are you just doing this to make me happy? Maybe you’re just not ready to be a father…”
“I got some champagne, mostly for you, because it won’t do anything for me,” Steve chuckled quietly, leading Tony closer to the set up so that they could sit down and have dinner together.
“He kissed me first! He’s my secret boyfriend, Peppy. I really like him.”
The first time I watched you turn down a drink.
Clint could feel two little arms wrap around his waist and he could feel his heart melting. Clint loved his nephew. A lot.
“TaDa! I’m Captain Man! Captain America, half Iron Man!”
The first time we got scared about being parents.
“Pop, do you want some? Daddy can feed you some too. I can share.”
Peter sat at down by the counter and licked at his chocolate cone, getting more of it on his face than in his mouth.
“You know that guy Steve?” Tony whispered slowly into her ear, one hand on her chin and the other placed on the back of her head.
With one swift push, the brunette slammed open the door and walked all the way over to where an extremely embarrassed and shocked Steve was sitting. Peter, of course, was still screaming like he had been for the past hour.
“Do not curse in front of Peter! What if he picks it up? He’s obviously listening to you,” Steve sighed as he took their son into his arms so Tony could grab the phone.
The first time we had a fight.
“Sure, squirt. But I thought you liked to make them with Cap and Tony?”
The first time we made love since we had gotten Peter (really made love and not just a quickie).
“Didn’t know you were into that sort of thing, Rogers. You know, being the human embodiment of apple pie and all.”
“Just checking up on Tony,” she lied, even though she should’ve just sold him out.
Tony looked back at her and swiped his flattened hand across his neck horizontally.
The first time Peter said ‘da-da’.
“Tony, you’re having a panic attack, you have to breathe. I’m here, sweetheart, everything is going to be okay.” Steve got down on his knees and took Tony’s face into his hands.
Steve laughed and told his son, “No, don’t listen to him, say Poppa.”
Steve took Tony’s face into his long, slender fingers and pressed a warm kiss to his lips.
“Oh yeah. Peter’s lucky. I think you fell in love with him faster than you fell in love with me.”
Tony watched Steve’s endless blue eyes as he spoke.
Tony walked over to her and placed both of his hands on her shoulders, smiling like nothing was wrong and like Pepper had gone batshit crazy, “Would I lie to you?”
Steve took his crying son into his arms and started bouncing him up and down to try to soothe him.
The first time we laughed until we cried.
“Peter, please, it’s going to be okay, you have to stop crying,” the brunette tried again in a hushed voice. Everyone was looking with concern on their faces while Tony practically pushed passed them to get to the elevator to find Steve. This was truly a nightmare.
Tony’s arc reactor just made the room a little more blue as he looked up to kiss Steve.
The first time we made love in the shower.
The first time we talked about Howard.
“I love you both so much, too. I can see it now. Our kid will be a genius,” Tony replied back before kissing Steve.
“Ew!” Peter shrieked which caused the two men to laugh. Tony loved that deep, sultry laugh that fell out of Steve’s mouth. It was the sexiest thing he had ever heard in his entire life, well, besides some of the dirty words Steve would moan in Tony’s ear during sex, which the brunette was praying he’d get to hear again tonight.
The same blue eyes glistened with tears as he pulled it on over his head. He covered it with one hand and held it close to his heart.
Tony giggled and kicked his feet around, unaware that he was a grown man and should not be doing so.
The first time we ever spoke (even if we were both really mean).
The first time Peter said ‘pa-pa’.
The first time we danced in public because by then you had taught me all the moves (and I found the right partner).
The first time we made love on the beach.
“In Peter’s room, sweetheart,” Steve called from the hallway leading to the bedrooms.
The first day your Pop and I met you, the first day we got to hold you, was one of the greatest days of my life and it always will be. I had learned to put your father first for the little while we were together before we adopted you, but not the way I felt I should do with you. As soon as I held you in my arms, I knew I had to protect you from all the bad things in the world. I knew I had to love you and take care of you to the best of my abilities. And I was scared shitless. I think your Pop and I both were, but as soon as we took you home and kissed you goodnight, we knew that everything was going to be okay. You and your sister are the greatest things I have ever done and I love you both so much.
“I am so sorry, my husband and I were trying to teach our son to talk,” Tony spoke into the phone.
The first time I drew you naked.
Clint smiled, “Of course, Squirt. I’ll definitely help.”
“YOU KISSED STEVE!” Pepper blurted out before going over it in her head.
“Steve, where are you taking me?” Tony inquired as his boyfriend lead him up some stairs, blindfolded he might add. It was their three month anniversary of dating, and Steve had decided to take it upon himself to do something special to celebrate it.
Steve,
Peter thought for a second before touching the the plastic circle in the middle that resembled his dad’s arc reactor, “How about Captain Man?”
“Peter can you say Daddy?”
“Even geniuses can ask for help sometimes, Tony.”
“It’s to wear with your other one. So you always have us with you. I hope you like it.”
At first, neither Steve nor Tony could believe they had actually gotten him to say it. They looked at each other and then back at Peter who was sucking lightly on his tiny fingers. They started to cheer and Peter continued to say Da-Da.
I've written about this
“Hey, Tony. Everything OK?” Rhodey squinted at him from the screen, rumpled and still half-asleep. There was a movement next to him on the bed, the bedlinen lifting as someone turned over and tugged the sheet closer to them. Rhodey made a soothing sound before angling the screen away so the other body wasn’t in view. “Gimme a sec.”
Possibility one was that the ritual was designed to work best - or only - with kids, and so they’d been deliberately turned back, and then dispatched.
RE: Rhodey, soldiers, Pep/Happy, priorities... Tony is very much not a soldier. And Steve is very much one. So when Steve chooses to put his family before his country (before - in Tony's view - justice), that's a major kick in the teeth to how Steve has portrayed himself to others in the past, especially Tony. I'm 100% sure that Tony would follow orders that he knows he wouldn't survive, as evidenced by New York. I'm also 100% sure that he wouldn't be able to give those orders to someone else. Maybe that changes further down the line, but to my mind, where he is at that point, that's not a thing he'd be able to do. So, while he acknowledges that he is not a soldier, and the other civilians are not soldiers, I think he has come to realise that there
So, yeah. Tony had figured out what they were doing. Admittedly not long before M’Baku had more or less confirmed it with his (rather admirable) attempt to let Tony know that something was wrong. (He
You could stay here, all of you. You could choose to stay and to help Wakanda rebuild, and to mourn your dead under a wide blue sky.
we catch him.” He looked at the child still hiding behind Tony and pulled out the smallest gun. “I assume you’re most comfortable with the suit weapons. Can he handle one of these?”
Clint... Clint is really not doing too well with seeing what was in that storage room, let's be honest. And he's
FRIDAY said. She did not sound convinced.
ready for something that drastic, not when there was still a chance of Steve re-aging to adulthood. But it was good to have options, he reasoned. Pep surely knew that as well.)
(See the end of the chapter for
He must be imagining things.
They reached the conference room before most of the others - who were presumably trickling in from other parts of the palace, so Tony didn’t know what their excuse was for being late - but the room wasn’t quite empty.
“Yes.” She climbed slowly to her feet, accepting Okoye’s offer of a hand up. “You try that again, and I will gut you.” She glanced across at Minoru. “Both of you.” She said it casually.
? No.
“What did you find?” T’Challa asked.
Edit: as someone asked - Nurse Ratched is a reference to One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest.
But Pep? Happy?
No, he fucking didn’t. Why was Barton there? Wasn’t he in - oh, wait. No. Hmmm. Siberia, Ossetia, Wakanda, the sword guy -
(No, that's not all of it; there's a lot in there to unpack. But plenty of time for all that angst to be slowly unpacked, eh?)
Hill smiled back at him, unfazed. If he didn’t know better, he’d think she was genuinely pleased to see him.  “Hello, Tony. Pepper made a persuasive argument on why my presence would be required. Congratulations on your new arrival.” Her gaze lighted briefly on the child asleep in Tony’s arms and then slid away, as if she didn’t want to look at him too closely. “I imagine it was a bit of a surprise.”
Peter's eyes widened slightly, a grin plastered on his face. "You like this song?" Natasha asked, looking away from the road to glance at the boy before looking back. Peter only nodded his head, humming along with the lyrics. Natasha grinned as well. "So do I," and with that, she turned up the volume ten folds.
“W-What? I don’t know what you’re.. You’re talking about.” Peter stuttered once more, still dazed by the fact that Tony Stark was in his bedroom.
Milliseconds later, the door opened to reveal a mess of auburn hair. Peter chewed the inside of his cheek when he saw who it was.
Opening the window, Peter climbed out of the small apartment bedroom, leaving the glass cracked slightly. Jumping off the small lift, he shot off his webs, swinging from one building to another.
Wanda sighed, sitting down in the chair Romanoff was sitting in previously. "I may not be as good at detecting lies like Natasha is, but I can tell when someone is lying majorly." Peter sighed, causing the female to frown deeply. "You can tell me, Peter.." she whispered softly.
That's who was being hurt when he decided to throw a hissy fit and not go check the situation out.
The elderly lady shook her head. "It's nothing of importance."
Peter shook his head, pulling the hood over him. "No," he ordered, his voice wavering. "I just need some -- some time. Could...Could you open the window, Jarvis?"
Peter rolled his eyes, a goofy grin making its way to his face. "I live here, Wade. I should ask you why you're here."
Peter has a choice. One that could effect everything.
Deadpool smiled a small, sincere smile. "Baby boy, you don't have to thank me for anything. I mean, I wouldn't do this for any 'ol person, but, you're different. You're...
For Spideypool, I strictly read Andrew's spidey, or fics based on the comics. Though this is based on Tom's Spidey, Wade IS aged down. In the comics, he is around 30-35ish..? I'm not sure of the age, but he's in his late twenties or early thirties I think. Correct me if I'm wrong, please!
The voice hesitated. "I'm afraid I cannot say, due to Ms Romanoff's request, sir."
Peter accepts Stark's offer and has a talk with Aunt May.
Natasha, however, was the most pissed. Her heart rate increased ten folds as her mouth went dry. Her jaw was clinched tightly and her muscles were tense. Her hands, that were now by her side, were balled into tight fists, her fingernails digging into her palms as they shook with anger.
The door soon opened to reveal Wanda, who, like usual, shrieked at the sight.
who killed Michelle.
"I did it to see if you would even care," she whispered softly, her eyes reddened as she looked at her brother. "I never meant to hurt you -- but I did and I can't take that back and I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, brother."
-----
{Oh, shut your mouth, White. We're dating, he just doesn't know it yet!}
"Move."
Sniffing, Loki whispered to her brother. "As you are mine."
"Holy shit, that's --- that's Peter!" he exclaimed as the two rushed into the room and sat the young teenage superhero onto the examining table. Once he was out of their arms, Barton rushed to close the door, locking it for extra manners, while Natasha ran a hand through her wavy, short hair.
"I'm concerned."
Nodding her head with two raised eyebrows, May stood up and left the living room without a word. Motioning for the older man to follow, which he did, they both walked towards his room.
