“Ugh, keep it to yourself. Still, he stole things from here. Someone has to pay up”. Tony threatened.
"But Pep! Come on I'm not even in my headspace. I'm an adult, women. I'm sure there are laws against taking away a man's coffee". Tony protested from his spot in the corner.
“Clind stool a car dad dodal it.” (Clint stool a car and total it) Tony said while almost shaking in front of his big sister.
As soon as he was done Pepper appeared in front of them. "This better not be one of you calling to complain about the other. Mommy is busy boys."
“it was…” was all that Steve could get out before his sister in law Pepper chewed him up.
“He’s in good hands. I swear Nat. I swear to God almighty he is in safe hands. Brucie made sure of it. He was there he even picked the doctors that will work on Bucky. Besides he’s...” before Steve could finish his sentence Clint budded in and said, “We all get shot sometime or another.” As soon as Clint was done talking, this time, Tony jumped on top of the kid and almost beat him to death. “ I’ll bucking dill da kid. You die donight” (I’ll fucking kill the kid. You die tonight) and Tony kept on hitting Clint when Steve pulled him away with one good arm.
"We'll talk about you and your tenth coffee pot later. But first what else did she write baby?". Pepper turned to look at Bucky.
"Scooch, I wanna sit". Tony stood there waiting next to the couch. When Bucky didn't move Tony rolled his eyes at him and kicked at Bucky's leg. "Scooch an adult is standing. Your Pops taught you manners, didn't he?"  Bucky let out a sigh and then moved to the side of the couch as Tony dropped himself next to Bucky. "So, my technologically illiterate teen. What seems to be the problem with your phone?". Tony took a spoon full of ice cream and dunked it into the coffee and started eating. Bucky blinked at him for a while. " We ran out of the coffee-flavored ice cream. And this is amazing as soon as you're allowed coffee, you should try it." Tony said dunking another spoon full.
“I married him for his looks. I’m a shallow girl.” Natasha winked at Tony.
Steve moved closer to Tony and helped him off his chair. “That kid is not someone’s kid. He’s Ducky’s. Goddamn chair! Damn it Steve I told you to change my chair. You want me to trip over this stupid chair”. Tony went off on an anger tangent.
"This is going to take ages! Do you know how many closets we have here? And at home." Clint said urgently.
"Hmmm, did you try out her underwear and looked better at wearing them than her? Girls frown at that." Tony said to Bucky thoughtfully.
"You're the biggest out of all of us" Clint looked at Bruce in bewilderment.
"Tell him he better make mine Irish and I'm coming upstairs". Tony chuckled at Steve's tricks in getting him out of the lab.
"But it's me, Right? Me? I'm the big brother." Tony kept saying as he waddled over alongside Thor. Clint was looking at the closet doors one by one thinking of all the goodies hidden inside. Bruce on the other hand was worried he has lost his paci forever. An hour later saw all four boys crammed and covered in chocolate in the closet in the middle of the common floor.
"Oh wow, you're just as bad as your baby brother. Did she ask to see those pictures, Bucky? " Pepper's eyes rolled back to the back of her head as she remembered all of the unwanted dick pics that Tony used to send her when they were dating. Sure, he did a series of them with his dick in different hats those were kinda funny. But not during the shareholders meeting in Japan.
“Oh no, you’re right on time to the hazing part of the evening.” Natasha said cheerfully. “Can I have a bread stick but like with no bread?”
"Shut your pie hole and tend to the other customers. I've done this years before you were born, and I'll be doing this years after I bury you". The old man took the prescription and then smiled at Steve and pointed to two chairs on the side. "Step into my office". The old man sat on the chair and then Steve followed suit. "Ok , from what I see you have some pills that are crossing over , maybe that's why you're getting the blotchy thing. Do you feel anything else when you take them?”
“Hey there, Clinton. How are the new aids?” Steve said then signed the question at Clinton.
Pepper dragged both Tony and Steve by the ear to the other side of the room and gave them both the death glare.” You have exactly one minute to tell me what exactly happened or I’ll toss both your asses out of the house. TALK” she said then crossed her arms over her chest.
“No more, Anthony, your heart stopped last Christmas because of those damn pills.” Steve warned and then went back to mopping.
"I leave you for five minutes, Five! And I come back to a disaster". Pepper said as she walked into the ER waiting room with the Natasha on her heel in her wedding dress.
“Jarvis, call up Steve. Damn teenagers and their puppy dog faces” Tony grumbled to himself A few seconds have passed and then Steve popped up on his screen” Man of steel he says. You’re the push over Steve, not me he says” Steve said while crossing his arms across his chest.
"Well... um just... don't do that again." Tony said after clearing his throat. "Say Uncle Tony? Did you know that it's mine and Bucky's anniversary today?" Nat said beaming with innocence as she walked towards Tony then leaned in and sat on Tony's lap.
“It’s the darn thief with his sticky fingers. Keep everything away from him”. Tony yelled at Steve while Steve just waved him off.
“They missed Tony but they were really pissed off so he sent his goons. They came at me with baseball bat.” Steve pointed at his arm.
"I never do that! It's always him doing it" Bucky protested.
The cuff dinged showing the high read on Tony’s arm. “Don’t tell Brucie, he’ll just yell at me for this.” Tony said after a while.
“Testing it. That’s all. ” Tony smiled at her and her gentle touch. “Why did you marry the bag-wet hair? When you could have anyone else?” Tony asked Natasha as she gently rubbed at the mark in his arm from the cuff.
Tony who was engulfed in the wielding stopped when Jarvis announced the entrance of Natasha to the lab. He asked Jarvis to lower the music. "Hey there beu...whoa whoa whoa , no teen angst and no making out. This is a place where we come to worship science you heathens." Bucky shot up from his spot as Nat sat up straight as if she wasn't just neck deep into Bucky just a few seconds ago. Tony frowned at the two teens on his couch. “This is my lab, you have like a billion places you two can hide out and make out. Not here" Tony chastised then crossed his arms as his wielding mask was now above his head.
“Brucie said your sugar levels are through the roof. Don’t look at me like that. If I ain’t taking the blue pills because of my heart, you ain’t getting those damn muffins.” Tony frowned back but as he was about to start the second round of arguing with Steve the bell rang again.
"Cousins! Cousins! Candy awaits. We can settle who the eldest is later." Thor suggested.
"Classified, huh. Fine. Let's hear the last order and add for the rest of the gang". Steve scratched his head then got up to look around the place for Clint.
Both men turned towards Clint and yelled in unison “Shut up Clint". And Clint had the decency to look ashamed.
Peter frowned but then handed the old man Steve's perceptions and then crossed his arms “You can't do this, you know"
Natasha chuckled, and then gave Tony a kiss on his cheek. “How are you feeling today? I see you’re wearing the cuff”. Natasha moved in closer and took off the cuff.
Steve walked into the pharmacy, took a number, and waited. He looked at the number and then looked at the long perception his doctor wrote him. He hates his new doctor, his old one is on vacation and this one took his place. This one is a pill popper; he hates pill poppers they always give him more than he needs. He sighed as he looked at his number; he has at least 20 people in front of him. He will wait, he doesn't mind waiting.
"Yeah, well you break your nose and let's see you keep it together." Tony said then frowned at Clint. "Look, I get it. She's away and you're scared. But you got the American dream upstairs and he's pulling all the stops for you."
Pepper looked at the side of the screen and frowned. "Anthony, corner five minutes. Go". She ordered.
"No need Jay. I'll keep you posted. Actually, do you mind patching me to Pep? Thank you". Tony ordered then turned to look at the puzzled Bucky. " The answer lays with the correct question. You need to understand the question before you can answer. Who else is better at knowing Nat than Pep? They're practically joined at the hip."
"You better have put in the blue pills this time Pete". The old man said.
"You...cry...sometimes" Clint sniffled.
"So no sea food. Got it" the old man winked again.
"With our kids nothing is out of reach." Jane said while  looking at the Thor who was laying on his back licking at the side of the candy wrapper, he had in his hands. This was the best plan ever.
"NO, Just don't touch my things!! Stop it man just stop this." Bucky yelled again and dove to save his phone but not before Tony reached it and unlocked it and pushed Bucky down with his other arm.
"He's was looking for Clint, but he started to brew a fresh pot of coffee. He says it will be ready in a few if you want to have a break from your work". Jarvis answered.
“I love you too baby, I’ll make it up to you I swear”. Steve said in his sleepy voice.
Clint was now wide-awake when he heard about the hidden candy bit. “I did see Nat hide things and I know Nat buys the good stuff. The extra expensive stuff. She really like those caramel covered chocolates. I wonder which closet has the candy ". Clint started to turn his head left and right as if this quick motion would decipher which of the closets has the candy.
Steve looked between the old man and the pharmacist and started to think." Um, shell fish, I ate that once and it made me blow up like the Pillsbury dough boy". He said then scratched the back of his neck.
Hearing ,well overhearing about the candy from Bucky and Natasha made him draw up a plan. Thor gathered his cousins around him after their nap. Bruce was in his onesie and rubbing his eyes, while Tony was fighting mighty yawn after mighty yawn; Clint’s hair was sticking up in all the wrong places and had scowl on. "This better be good Thor. Natasha said to nap at least two hours if I wanted ice cream and I want ice cream Thor. It is my right. I've been a good boy for two days now".
Bucky's head dropped to the floor. "No ma'am" Bucky then paused for a while then kept talking with a strangled voice again "but I thought it would be sexy? I mean I asked her to send me pictures all the time. I thought maybe if I...you know sent her some, she'll send me back... some" Bucky ended with his hands covering his face in shame, his Ma was talking to him about dick pics and his Pops boyfriend was in the corner laughing at him. Now he really wished the phone would zap him to another dimension.
“I didn’t get shot. He’s just imaging things again. You know how wild your brother’s imaginations gets. No no I wasn’t shot. I slipped and I fell and broke my arm and leg. But they say my dick is ok so we can honeymoon easy.” Bucky said to Natasha who was now sitting on his lap and started to make out.
"Thank you, it's cause I didn't hit him enough when he was younger. I should have let that bully kick him some more when he was younger, but I digress, So Steve this is what we will do". And the old men kept talking.
“Can I have the burger but with like no meat and no buns?” Bucky said.
"Umm no? We don't... what?? No dude..no and I have no idea what Pops sees in you. You're a nut case". Bucky said to Tony.
“I’ll listen to what that wacko says, when she buys something. She comes in and touches all my oranges, then walks out. She made me follow her for a whole hour. My hips were in pain and she didn’t even buy any”. Stark grumbled at Steve and then he put on a grin when he noticed his partner’s blue eyes, twenty years and his better half still looks sexy.
As Natasha was done taking the fifteenth picture of Tony in his cowboy suit and hat. “Yes, Buckaroo” and she squinted as if to read his nametag. “Buckaroo Tommy is it?”
Clint just looked at Tony's face and sniffled again.
Tony wasn’t exactly oblivious to what Natasha was doing, blatantly pulling on his heart strings and giving him puppy dog looks. He was the master of that look he used it a billion on times on Steve and yet.” Tell you what, how about if I gave you Happy for the day, and you guys take out the limo? Huh? Go out in style and class.” Tony offered and then his heart broke again when Natasha still had the puppy dog look still on her face. “The limo with Happy is a very good option princess. It really is the responsible thing to do here”. Somehow, Natasha’s face got more pathetic. “Fine, take my keys and go, I’ll square it with Uncle Steve. Just don’t get into any trouble, and I’m giving the keys to you not teen angst over there”.
"No! They must not find out. The older cousins they always foil our plots." Thor said to Tony in an intense voice.
Thor was visiting his cousins when he overhead Bucky talking to Natasha about the candy. The festival known as Halloween is around the corner and his mommy told him, that if he dressed up in costume and asked random strangers politely, they would give him candy willingly. A very strange custom indeed. Now Thor isn't one to question customs. Nevertheless, he was very excited at the idea.
"Noooooo! No!” Tony said as he moved further under the table. Bucky laid on the floor and tried to reach over with his metal arm to reach the hidden Tony. “Come on Tony, please? If I can only get you to the bathtub before Pops comes home. I can...”
Tony squinted at him, as Bill walked up and down the aisle. Tony’s face had a frown on it when Bill finally made his way to the register with his gum after he paid and left.
"No, it's not. And it sounds like a normal text to me baby, it doesn't sound serious. What was the last thing you guys sent to each other? And Tony honey I can see you reaching for Bucky's phone. Let Bucky answer please". Pepper asked and Tony dropped the phone in Bucky's hand and crossed his arms.
"Brucie bear? Your mommy tells you where they hide things?" Clint asked Bruce.
“You know his name is Bucky, Tony. He was my best man in my wedding”. Steve said to Tony and then checked on Tony’s legs and got out his blood pressure cuff and put it on Tony’s arm. “Relax old man. I need my better half alive, if I want to have a life.” Steve said then kissed at Tony’s forehead.
Clint just frowned at Steve. What a nosy dragon uncle Steve was, first food now his diaper. He kept the frown on his face and got up from his spot on the couch and back into his castle of pillows.
Bruce was now rubbing his eyes and then looked at his three older cousins. "Mommy told me that the big closet in the hall is where they hide everything. Did anyone see my paci? I was sure I had it here somewhere". Bruce looked to his left and right. All three boys looked at Bruce in surprise.
“I want so much stuff, I want to live here forever and watch you work for it Tommy”. Clint laughed again and then looked at the menu.
The hand that touched him in the place that demanded attention for a while now, was a complete surprise.
"Fifty-eight miles to the east from Yazoo City, sir," responded the armor.
"Stop waiting to return," Tony explained. "Stop looking back. Reed doesn't even know how he managed to get you here, how the machine works, and his head's too full of space and his emitters."
Instead, Hulk hugged Steve with both hands and jumped. The bullets were ricocheting somewhere, and the rocket whizzed by, raising the ground and throwing up the grass. Then, Steve closed his eyes, because the earth turning around him made his head spin.
"And you wanted to show them what you're worth?" asked Steve. The sentiment was familiar to him, he also got denied and rejected time and time again. Nobody was interested in problematic weak guys. Except for crazy scientists, it seemed.
is what you will end up in.
Now, he was talking too fast again, like he often did, his words getting meshed together, and just listening to Tony, alive and well, made it impossible for Steve not to smile. His facial muscles hurt, but he didn't care. He was listening to Tony’s voice, not really hearing a word he said, focusing on his pulse.
"Oh, that is surprising. But you're right," Stark inclined his head, either admitting non-verbally Steve's assumptions, or apologizing for intruding into the network. "After our first meeting, I was very intrigued by you and wanted to learn some things. And either you're the biggest mystery of the Barrayaran Empire, or your archives are a complete mess."
Bruce narrowed his eyes in anger, but Steve kept going:
Steve tried to relax and leaned back in his chair.
"Go away!" Bruce almost barked at him. "Right now, get away as fast as you can!"
Steve clenched his teeth.
He turned around, breaking a twig with his shoulder, made a step toward Steve, and the next moment red and gold armor fell upon him.
"A fundamental law of the universe, Captain Rogers. We are polar opposites, we came here together from another world, and we are obviously connected. The question is, what are possible consequences of that connection, and I don't want to risk it. Do you?"
"Let's go, Steve," he said, laughing. "Hank, I'll call!"
Steve squeezed his shoulders and kissed him. Now, in the slowly brightening light of the morning, without the adrenalin and anger making them speed things up, the kiss was different – slow and careful. Steve wasn't actually sure, what either of them were doing right until this moment – everything looked different in daylight.
"We're checking that," Wilson said shortly. "We need Miss van Dyne to answer some questions about Hank Pym's research."
"That your servant, under your orders, infiltrated an imperial replicator bank closed for the night armed with vials of substances with proved teratogenic qualities and tried to break into the nutrient supply system to insert there what he brought in."
"We saw each other in the morning," said Steve.
The old traditional room Steve found himself in looked like it belonged in the last century, just like him. There was even a fireplace. Tony already took off his jacket and threw it on the back of a chair that he was now occupying.
"And another thing," he added, simply, "you'll probably have to move in with me. Richard's neighbor will have to look after his dying cactus."
"What's he talking about?" asked Steve.
"Why?"
"Stop the car, Bruce. Do you hear me? Stop the car."
Steve rose from his chair, took an empty glass from the table and, finding nothing better, poured water from his flask. Banner took the glass with suspicion, looked it over carefully, moving as if he was going to smell it, before drinking. Steve grimaced.
The world was drifting away from him, like it does when you press your eyelids down too hard. Steve carefully got up, grabbing the arm of the chair to steady himself, and looked around.
For a moment, listening to those dry, distant words, Steve almost believed Bruce was right. He shouldn't have come, shouldn't have looked for this truth. Steve expected to hear anything – that Steve Rogers never existed, that the project was closed, that Erskin was killed and nobody came up with an idea for the armor, anything. The understanding that he wasn't the Steve Rogers who went mad and killed all those people didn't really help. What'd happen to him if Erskin wasn't killed? Would he also become a monster?
They stopped. The dust was settling down, and high grass was coming through windows – they rode into a field.
"Wait," Steve’s voice was commanding, as he interrupted Tony reaching for the wires attached to the monitors. "I was conscious the last time. I want to see everything now, too."
"Tony!"
Steve moved, with caution, but his body responded eagerly; he twitched his fingers, stretched till something in his back snapped. The pain was gone, only his muscles felt stiff, as if he spent too much time in one position. Steve stood up, tried to bend down and almost fell: his head was still spinning a bit. He stood still for a few minutes, and then strode to the shower, kicking off his shoes as he went.
Steve looked Stark over and said:
"I am, but not of medicine," Banner's face suddenly changed, "did you come to ask if I have a license to treat people?"
"Exactly. It's terribly important work."
"Got angry," Bruce gave a simple answer. He moved a bit closer to the burning log. The ground was cooling down, and it was getting drastically colder. "We should sleep. I want to leave at dawn. We'll have to make a stop to buy gas and food, and then I'll drop you off at the first city with a train station."
"No, I..."
He expected the trip to change something in his course of life, but not much did. As soon as Steve went back to work, the routine dragged him down like a swamp: the same things he had to do over and over again, the clients that all looked alike and Solomon's eternally hungry dog were all still there. In some way, Steve came back to the same life he was trying to run away from.
Steve carefully landed on the terrace and froze awkwardly when a myriad of ants scattered away from him. A brightly colored bird flew from one of the trees, and Steve noticed a butterfly on the petals of a huge flower. If he understood correctly, it wasn't just a garden on a terrace, but a continuation of Hank's lab.
"It's not that easy to be a hero," said Tony. "It's even harder to do something for others, disregarding your own needs. I think if I've started saving people – don't think I haven't tried – I would be deceiving them and myself. What kind of hero would I be?"
Walking around the mansion looking for Jarvis seemed like a bad idea to Steve, so he went to the library he discovered earlier. The sheer amount of books there made his head spin. Steve loved reading in his time, but the last few years, since the war started, his daily reading was military reports and intel on his opponents. Then, of course, there was also the manual for the armor that Steve learned by heart.
"I'll... have to think about it," Vorromanof nodded, slowly, as if moving underwater. "Later. When I process the fact that I tried to set you up with women who are five times younger than you are. Anyway, I don't know why Baron Fell told so much to his mercenaries, I would've went with 'find him and bring alive', but they knew why their employer needed you. I don't know what kind of contracts they had, but, learning that you disappeared from the planet in an unknown direction, they almost tried to kill themselves. Those are serious people, practically samurai."
Janet was quiet, Steve could only hear her breathing a bit faster than normal, while he put on jeans in a hurry and left his bedroom. At the stairs, he met Jarvis who told him that Tony didn't come back.
His last phone that died under Bruce's boot in Alabama was simple. It could send messages and make calls, and that was all Steve needed from it. With the phone Tony sent him, though, he could probably launch a rocket into space. Steve randomly pressed some buttons and it opened contacts with only one number: Tony didn’t forget to program his number in but was obviously too busy to send instructions.
"Name at least one reason I should trust you."
"Boss works with machines, not people," explained Happy.
"Taking a ride with the Iron Man," Barton grinned and adjusted the quiver on his back. "That'll be worth telling children."
Steve was watching him carefully enough that he noticed that Tony was left-handed. The scars on Tony's arm were almost gone, leaving behind only pale uneven lines. Even his fingers healed up almost perfectly.
"Why do you have the armor?"
"I'm already done," said Steve. He rinsed his hands under water and quickly snuck past Jarvis whose puzzled gaze followed him.
"How do you like it," asked Stark in the same smooth tone.
"What about the dog?"
"Hank was experimenting with subatomic particles that can enlarge or shrink an object after coming in contact with it. Rats, rabbits, ants. My bots. Of course, the effect is not permanent, but Hank's been working on that." He fell silent for a moment. "The particles had a side-effect. Some animals started behaving erratically, even aggressively."
"I can deal with pain," objected Steve.
"This is extortion!" Tony hummed again. "Deal."
Hank and Janet appeared next to them, but this time Steve noticed them faster: Tony's armor was good at learning things, and once it noticed something, it kept track of it and reacted faster next time. First, Steve saw them as just tiny dots on an insect, then, at once, they were their normal size, Hank and Janet, hugging him closely. Barton jumped, raising his hand with the bow, and swore.
It was already dark when Steve got back to the mansion. Jarvis met him at the door with a flower pot under his arm.
"I do," Tony shrugged. "That's a normal thing among scientists."
That seemed like a weird thing to say, to Steve.
"I'm king Midas," he answered. "Everything I touch turns to gold. So. I have an idea."
Judging by Happy's unperturbed face and Jarvis calmly passing by – without the vase this time – these rows happened quite often. Then again, Pepper and Tony didn't look like they were really mad at each other – Tony was smiling slightly, and Pepper looked like she was only trying to seem angry. It was very much resembling of a family fight, and Steve suddenly felt awkward, like he was peeping through a door. His own family gatherings ended at fifteen, when mom's health got worse.
"Listen," he said, softly. "It's true that I don't have a license. I'm not a doctor, but this place doesn't have any. And there's no landline, so people can't..."
“Better than you,” Loki answered, “sleeping on the ground isn’t comfortable.”
Tony effortlessly signed back “I have a kid at home. I figure I need to be a good example.”
Tony knew he wasn’t going to get anywhere with this conversation and if they kept going he might blush fire truck red. “So when did you hit Barcelona,” he asked as Steve and Bucky moved to get their things.
He let the cookies swirl in the air as Wanda tugged him towards the couch. “Tell me about magic,” she demanded.
Steve hushed him and kept his attention on the News. "Several of these Tweets suggest that the pair is living together in a house that Tony Stark built for them. However, this has caused some controversy as some ecstatic illiterate people are suggesting that the pair is sexually involved. This grotesque and inappropriate assumption has caused massive fights to break out on Reddit, Tumblr, Twitter-“
As the movie progressed Tony got closer and closer to Steve until he was practically in the other man’s lap. Steve did his best to ignore him even if the other man was watching him more than the movie.
Wanda didn’t try to put her smile back in place, but she kissed Vision’s cheek. “Peter,” she called.
Bucky shrugged. “You ever think about it?”
Steve climbed to his feet and marched over. Peter hovered at his heels. Steve shook hands with all of them. “Do you want me to take the picture for you?” Peter asked nervously, “I’m pretty decent with a camera.”
Sam beckoned Loki to follow and headed to one of the kitchens. He sent off a quick text to Steve.
When Sam went to check on Loki in the morning Loki was sitting on his bed with the blanket in his lap. “I want to return this to Steve’s bed partner.”
She appeared to be in her twenties. Loki grew in stature until he looked about the same. He picked up the children. “You should not have brought them here,” he warned.
Tony made a puff sound. “Don’t care,” he snipped.
He had known that Clint and Scott were coming to get Steve so he had wanted to scare them a bit to make sure they remembered what he had been. Bucky knew that who he once was wouldn’t have wanted to scare anyone, but that was then and this was now.
“Go back to sleep Baby,” Bucky answered kissing Steve’s head.
Steve pulled Bucky’s hands onto his waist and leaned into his fiancée's chest. He cleared his throat. “Bruce, Thor, this is my fiancée Bucky Barnes.”
Peter happily complied “thanks buddy,” he cheered.
He flopped over the couch. “What about Pepper,” Steve asked.
“Well that’s true, but it’s nice to see someone so excited to help people,” she answered.
Loki laughed. His blood pumping. This is what he expected. He knew this. “Try,” Loki dared pulling himself to his feet with all his grace, the grace that had been drilled into him the grace he had spent his whole life learning to weaponize.
Tony sunk deep into the couch cushions and began to tell Steve his ideas.
Each memory was precious and it would be these memories that he treasured until he died. The ones he escaped to when the pain became too much. The family who had truly adopted him with love and commitment when they had so many reasons not to.
Dear Tony,
“I like training magic children,” Loki answered, “and I like the idea of seeing you more.”
Loki laughed at that and so did Bucky with a kind smile. There was something to be said about the power of acknowledging how screwed you actually are. “That’s not the point. The first thing I remember wanting was Steve. Just to be near him and I didn’t care what he did after that, I just wanted him. And after that came small little realizations. I wanted stability, food, water, shelter, comfort, cleanliness, to have a home with Steve. Just the needs a person can have and are entitled to have that I hadn’t had. Once I got past wanting and realizing I could have all those things I started to realize I wanted things like freedom and personal expression, and the right to choose what I do with my life. It’s a working progress but I’m getting there.”
Both of them stared at him and Sam flipped them off.
When Sam arrived back at the Neighborhood from work and went into the Ranch house the next Thursday he headed to the kitchen to steal from Tony’s chocolate and coffee stash. Instead of coffee and chocolate, he found Tony and Clint yelling at Loki. Bruce was hovering in between the three men his eyes twitching hands held out towards Clint and Tony. “Hey,” Sam barked, “what are you doing?”
“Thor broke five,” Darcy pointed out, “we’ll help Asgard adjust it.”
They both took in a shaking breath and Loki quivered. “Sam,” he yelled.
Then a few weeks later Tony revived another letter.
She took a strawberry and floated a pawn forward on the board. Peter made happily delighted sounds and Wanda relaxed into the tornado that was Peter Parker. After Wanda beat him at chess and they finished breakfast they went around the house searching for things to poke at. It was a good morning. They ended back in the kitchen at lunch. “Alright,” Pepper announces walking into the room, “I have my evening cleared. Wanda are you ready to go out?”
Sam sighed. “Well, Wanda does hate being alone.”
Clint looked over her shoulder and laughed. “Why lacy and why white,” Sam asked as Tony groaned.
“I warned you off of Earth,” Strange growled, “I will make sure you stay off it now.”
“Good Evening  F.R.I.D.A.Y. Is Tony in his workshop?”
A couple of months went by and Peter was running around the compound after training. Vision was currently in town which was so cool! But his Dad, Uncle James (that was so cool by the way), and Vision were having an adult meeting and he wasn’t allowed in so he was exploring. “Hey F.R.I.D.A.Y Where is my Dad’s office,” he asked.
They hung up. “Thank you,” Daniel exclaimed at loss for words.
Fury laughed. “Remind me to get my story book out for you.”
Loki looked back at Sam. “I won’t leave without saying goodbye,” Sam assured him.
Sam had told Steve that he should spend the night but Steve had elected to walk back to the tower. Natasha was leaving for a mission in the morning and he’d like to see her off.
In Spain Clint and Scott were tipsy and a little drunk singing a very bad duet and it wasn’t even Clint’s fault despite being the deaf one, Scott just really couldn’t sing.
Fury’s eye trailed over to Loki. “And that’s the third.”
The two men nodded and Shuri waved off. A second later Pepper Potts and James Rhodes was on the screen sitting on a couch. For a moment both pairs assessed each other before Rhodey started to laugh. “Why do you both dress so old. F.R.I.D.A.Y screenshot this and put it in my blackmail folder,” he exclaimed as Miss. Potts hit his chest.
Loki shrugged. Natasha thought for a moment. “Let’s make snickerdoodles for Wanda,” she decided.
Lo looked like he wanted to argue, but he kept his focus on Sam. Sam leaned down looking at the board, making a large show of it. “Let me guess, green?”
Wanda sighed and turned into his chest nuzzling into his arms. “I missed you,” she murmured as he stroked her hair.
Sam obeyed and took a sip. “I’m making bacon and croissants because there are no super soldiers to feed,” she added, “if you want anything else let me know.”
They settled into easy conversation. At dinner, Shuri met Rhodey and scoffed at his mechanical legs. “We’ll fix this,” she announced, “it’ll be insulting if I don’t.”
“Pre-recorded theater,” Loki repeated with a frown, “but what happens to the artistry?”
The Niece thing apparently stuck. The waitress arrived. “Is that professor Mull?”
Sam flinched at Loki’s words. How could Thor have been so callous? Even if he didn’t know. Wait why didn’t he know?
Bucky and Sam crowded around Steve large shoulders blocking his view. “I’m not going through college classes again with you again,” Sam told him signing his name, “ that was torture.
Tony gasped. “Clint did the same thing,” Bucky noted with a chuckle at Tony's antics.
Wanda looked over at her. Right. They were supposed to go clothes shopping. “We’re meeting Peter’s Aunt May and Clint’s wife Laura for lunch and we’re going to be late. You’ve meet Laura right?”
Loki let Sam pick him up and take him away as he was frozen in terror.
“I’m not,” Tony repeated.
“Usually I join them,” Sam confessed, “and we meet here.”
Steve rolled his eyes. Bucky trailed his flesh fingers through Steve's hair searching his face for the emotions he knew Steve was hiding. “How are you feeling" he questioned when Steve refused to say anything first.
“I am aware of Barton’s children,” Loki answered, “but I was unaware that Stark had a child.”
Tony looked away. “F.R.I.D.A.Y scan the contents of the book,” he ordered, “and tell me what you find.”
Bucky groaned while Rhodey laughed. “I hate you,” Bucky muttered.
Loki scrunched his nose. “Yesterday you said that the meats on Asgard aren’t good for Frost Giants, does that extend to all meat? What kind of food is good for you.”
So the day passed quickly and so did going to college with Tony. Which turned out to be fun. He had no idea what he was doing. Not really, but neither had Steve so she wasn’t disappointed. “I don’t think college worked like this when I went,” Tony complained glaring at the admissions lady who had been trying to explain that they did not appreciate fake name on tours.
“Alright Cap, so how do we help this ray of sunshine. Oh gosh, he’s so pure I might barf.”
“Well ask any girl who has taken one of his classes,” the girl answered.
“Thanks, Dad!”
“Dr. Cho,” Tony corrected storming in, “I am a mechanic, not a doctor.”
“In the library,” F.R.I.D.A.Y answered, “crying over Norse mythology picture books.”
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand. “We’re getting a bigger bed tomorrow right?”
“Bruce,” Steve asked, “tell us again how Loki acted when you were with Thor.”
And before she knows it it’s a habit. When Pepper and Tony are to busy they go down to the living room and watch bad television even if all of it isn’t that bad like Say Yes to the Dress, and it doesn’t matter when Wanda starts going back to college because they go down after dinner and watch and talk about their days and it’s Wanda’ favorite part of the day.
Bucky gently set his knives back down, and then put them away. He laid back against the ground looking at the ceiling. “Hey Stevie,” he asked in English surprise Steve.
“Bye Papa Sam,” Dax added which sent Steve and Bucky into more laughter.
Rhodey is the best Uncle in the world, and Peter finds a series of framed letters in his Dad's office.
Do you remember the day I jumped out of a plane without a parachute? Yeah I know I’ve done that a lot. You know how you all like to lecture me about it how dangerous it was. I’ve never cared about myself though. I use to be ninety pounds soaking wet and sick more often than I was healthy. It always felt like the universe was trying to kill me off and the people around me seemed to agree. I always thought my life was short and I didn’t mind risking that for anyone else. Then I got big and I still didn’t mind. It just seemed like I would be harder to kill. Then Bucky died and I wanted more than anything to go with him. I left Peggy for him. She’s dead now. You should have been at her funeral too. Don’t think she didn’t tell me stories about you. But anyway me jumping without a shoot that was me resting fate, testing this body that still feels too large for me. I still wanted to follow Bucky.
Loki sighed a peeled away a few pieces slowly eating them. Then he abandoned it. Loki kept reading. Then he felt his stomach turn and rushed for the bathroom. He retracted his previous meal. Loki leaned his head against the wall. Right he had to eat soups first, and he was dehydrated. The Grand Master had only allowed him to eat once a week on Saakar. Loki got to his feet and slid out of his room. He stumbled in the hall and looked for a kitchen of some sort. All the doors were closed. “Are you trying to find Tony or Mr. Wilson?” The house temptress asked.
“Hey!”
She waited patiently. “Lo,” Sam called.
Sam rolled his eyes. Then Bucky walked in with grocery bags. Steve and Sam froze for a second. “Thanks for getting milk Buck,” Steve answered after a long moment.
He kissed the back of Steve’s head. “Good Night Stevie.”
“Not the point,” Gideon argued.
Loki looked down. “Did I choose wrong?”
“Whatever,” Clint said rubbing his eyes, “I’m going to go pick up Wanda and Vision. See you.”
The robot made another happy chirp sound and waves. Peter dropped a puzzle onto the table and instructed the robot to completely it. After a few attempts, it did. Waving its hand in joy when it finished and offering its fist for another fist bump.
The man stepped forward and shook his hand. “I’m Scott, Ant-Man,” he introduced cheerily “we fought at the airport!”
“Are you staying as well or just dropping Shuri off,” Steve asked.
Bucky sighed happily and stroked his fingers through Steve’s hair. Peter plopped down next to Tony. “You did real good,” Steve told him.
Steve smiled and rolled his eyes. “Clint and Scott are capable heroes,” he reminded Bucky.
“Anyways,” Chase said drawing Steve out of his thoughts, “the ice machine in the fridge leaks but other than that all the appliances work.”
Natasha watched them cook together and kept reading. Natasha, Sam, and Loki say down and had breakfast together. Sam heard Bucky yell as they finished and Loki looked towards the window. “That’s just Steve and Bucky getting ready for their morning run,” Sam explained.
Natasha drummed her fingers against the table. “We believe what you experience,” she told him, “but while Thor lacks common sense he has never been anything but pure of heart. We were very cautious about this.”
“Fine. I’m sorry about everything else.”
Sam nodded and finished putting the plates away. Then he joined Loki in the living room. Loki was sitting in the floor his legs crossed watching a breakdance routine on repeat. Sam sat against the couch. Loki doesn’t look at him, either entranced by the dance or purposefully ignoring Sam.
Loki gave her an unbelieving look. “You’re my best friend now,” she repeated.
She kissed his cheek and walked out to her car before driving away. Sam walked back into the house and found Loki laying on the couch. “I made apple pie while you were gone,” he announced, “want to bring it in here so we can eat it while you tell me how it went.”
“I don’t want guilt,” Loki told him turning his lips up into a cruel snarl, “or pity. I made my choices in life and I do not regret them. I want what I’ve wanted for centuries. I want your love and nothing else.”
“Jane has a Temptress?” Natasha asked, “and they aren’t together anymore.”
Steve snorted, “group therapy and weekly mandatory family dinners. I think that was the goal of that.”
Rhodey finally up and walking again took walks with Loki through the gardens. It was slow going for Rhodey, but Loki didn’t complain. He just made a lot of deliberate slow stops, and then acted like he didn’t.
Tony shut the book with a soft clap. “Odin was a warrior king,” Loki muttered against Sam’s chest, “a daughter did not satisfy him and when she grew beyond his power he tried to destroy her. Thor was born after as Asgard went to war against the Jotun. He would not make the same mistake with his son. But our mother Frigga while loving was a fiery woman. Odin feared what she would do if he harmed her beloved son. But he needed another warrior king, so he took from the Jotun what Frigga could not give him. Odin raised a frost giant as his son.
Thor grabbed the book and tossed it into the fire. Loki jerked. What was that supposed to mean? Thor came to a stop in front of Loki again collapsing to his knees. “Brother. You must forgive me. I never knew,” he exclaimed tears leaking down his cheeks, “I never thought. If I had I would have stopped it. I swear it. I’m sorry. Loki you are free. Never again. I swear it.”
“He’s Asgard’s version of Bucky,” Natasha noted, “small cute and tries to be emo.”
“He is currently sleeping,” she answered.
Wanda shot him a glare handing the cup back to Clint. Rhodey held out his cup to her. Wanda trotted over and took it taking a deep drink. “Thanks, Dad,” she exclaimed and joined Natasha.
“Yeah, he promised to show us how to do cartwheels correctly!”
Rhodey nodded to the bag and Peter fumbled with it taking the decoration paper out. Inside was three very large books. Peter pulled them out. “They’re from MIT,” Rhodey announced, “that one is from the advanced freshman chemistry course, and the blue one is an introduction to biochem engineering.”
Loki teleported to the vault Tony kept his book. His hand ghosted on the cover, but he would not look at it. Instead, he sent out his magic to search for Thor and found him at one of the houses in the Neighborhood, so he teleported himself there.
Her eyes drifted to him. “It’s fine Mr. Barnes,” she replied, “I’ve seen a lot worse form Rhodey and Tony, believe me.”
“Stark I live in a bar,” she sighed taking the flowers.
Jane blinked. “I- actually that would make a lot of sense.”
Sam took a second to process that sentence. Even when he had joined the Avengers he had not been expecting to have to talk about real actual magic and this just wasn’t his stick, but Sam ignored that and forced himself to think through what Loki had told him. “Ok so if your tethered you have to be tethered to something.”
They were watching America’s Next Top Model. Well, Clint was doing bad imitations and Wanda was on her phone looking at the internet and texting while Rhodey threw popcorn at Clint. “Hey, Dad can you pass the popcorn please,” Wanda asked as Clint plopped down next to her.
And the right cuff answered.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve. “I’m going to give you hell tomorrow,” he promised as Steve wiggled his way deeper into Tony’s arms.
“To much magic no control,” Loki noted.
Clint through his hands in the air. “You’re still my favorite scary chick,” he exclaimed.
Tony took out his phone and hit record. “Alright, kiddo go throw your Father the ball,” Tony ordered.
Steve mentally came up with a cover story to match Chase. The apartment was nice, very obvious kids lived here. Steve made the mental note that Sam and Tony would love the kitchen.
“Nah,” one of the boys answered, “we’re going to race home, but Sue and Jacque might want one, oh and Dylan’s Dad is picking him up tonight so don’t let him leave until then.”
She sat down as Darcy put her full body weight into Loki so he couldn’t escape. Well, he actually could, but the look Natasha had on her face told him that he should stay put. “I haven’t seen Lord of the Rings either,” Steve announced.
Jane nodded. “Not well, but I can get a message to him.”
Bruce looked relieved. “We’ve talked about this,” Sam sighed because they had a long team meeting about this “just because you are fucked up does not mean you can take it out on other people. Tony don’t act like you’ve been having good days lately and Clint I know this is scary for you, but this obviously isn’t helping any.”
Steve sat at the kitchen table sketching, watching as Bucky slowly cleaned his knives for the fifteenth time this morning. Neither of them had slept last night. Well neither of them need much sleep, to begin with because if the serum, but this was different. They were kept awake by nightmares. Sam said super soldier PTSD was different than regular soldier PTSD, but whatever.
Loki rubbed his arm. “Asgard fought many wars under Odin’s rule and Odin sent Thor to fight to punish me. If he had been there when I got married I suppose he would have pried deep enough to know. Frigga didn’t know either, but I think she chose not to know.”
“Why?”
“Sam,” Loki repeated “Sam?”
Tony,
“I was forced into marriage with my last two best friends,” Loki noted blankly.
Tony shrugged. The others signed and Tony felt relief course through his body. “How long until your plane takes off,” Natasha asked, “I can pull out one of the extra beds for you.”
“Not the point Clint,” Natasha sighed.
How did you say
“I...well,” Peter gulped, “umm.”
Sam rubbed the back of his neck. “I’m a bit caught up here,” he answered.
“Why don’t you let Steve do that,” Tony suggested, “Loki is stronger than he looks.”
“Loki.”
“Loki stop sulking and come join us,” Thor boomed turning and shuffling to the side.
Sam nodded. “Why don’t you go get the golf cart,” Tony suggested to Peter.
Loki nodded. “Two hundred years before this date I was in the service of the Chitauri. Unlike most races, Odin gave me to the Chitauri thought my mind was more beneficial to them than my body. I learned vastly in their libraries and I created business propositions and treaties for them. The Chitauri are a hungry selfish people, they drain their home world and then concur new plants to get their resources. Under my hands they were able to get these necessities without battle and when battle was necessary it was smooth, quick, and efficient.
“How do you like living with Sam,” Gideon asked, “not too boring huh? If he won’t take you out to do anything I’ll give you blackmail material.”
Loki inspected Sam. Who was kind. Who let him cry and grieve and didn’t ask too many questions. Who had a soft smile. “You dressed for the day?”
Shuri didn’t say anything for a moment before nodding. Sam flicked on the tv so Shuri would have something to watch while Steve drew. Steve loved live models, but it sucked to be one.
Bucky rolled over so he was draped over Steve. “I want to play Minecraft,” he announced.
Sam raced out of the room at Lo’s yelling and Natasha was at his heels. Gideon and their mother stood at the door with Steve standing behind them with an angry look on his face, which was alarming because he was supposed to be in Wakanda.
Peter blushed and stammered. “Hello, Colonel,” Wanda greeted Rhodey.
Everyone settled back down. Half-way through the movie, Loki fell back asleep with Sam brushing his finger through his hair. “What happened to him Sam,” Bucky asked.
Since it wasn’t Shuri Bucky flipped him off without missing a beat. Then he realized that Miss. Potts was there as well and felt ashamed. “Sorry Ma’am,” Bucky apologized.
Tony blushed. “Never mind. You’re assholes. I take back everything I said.”
“Yes, Good morning Mr. Parker. Mr. Stark,” Vision added.
“It’s one of Bucky’s gag gifts,” Sam answered.
It wasn’t like they spent all their time together. Bucky went to the shooting range with Clint a lot and Steve went out with Sam. But for the most part, they were together a lot.
“Not really,” Tony corrected him.
It was weeks of steady progress to Bucky after that. Bucky still wasn’t talkative, but he talked more. Sudden sly and witty comments no one was expecting. Joking with Scott and Clint and Sam. Going out by himself. Making food.
Loki looked up at the twinkling stars. “It’s important to take the chance to please your Mother,” he stated, “I wish I had pleased my Mother more.”
The next morning Sam is watching Loki sleep again. He had to wake him to remind him where he was going and who he’d wake up to find, but he also looked to peaceful to wake.
Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, AKA the Winter Fucking Soldier.
Tony set the Vodka back down. She sniffed them gently and handed them over for Bucky to hold. “I’m sorry to have left you so easily,” she told him.
“Oh poo.”
“Not about sex tapes!”
“No,” Sam answered, “but Loki won’t believe that until he tells Thor.”
Sam was out of bed grabbing his robe and running out of the room before she had finished. Sam found Loki throwing up over the toilet bowl. He pulled the other man’s hair back. Loki tensed, but he was too sick to fight him off. Sam held his hair and rubbed small circles into his back saying soothing words.
Sam felt his throat close. “Oh,” he stated, “I thought we agreed to drop this.”
Sam nodded. Peter nodded back seriously. And it was funny because Sam fit well with them and he accepted the challenge of keeping Wanda in the dark about herself with gusto. And soon the new atmosphere became natural. It didn’t get exciting again until the Black Widow arrived.
Being cold sucked. Steve could still remember how the water of the Arctic froze every bone in his body. He couldn’t take cold showers anymore and he had five space heaters in the winter to keep warm.
“Since when do you know how to work technology,” Tony asked.
Sam noted the look in his eyes. “Yeah,” he agreed, “you should have seen him six months ago. He was insufferable.”
“Why is some Lo sending you a picture of an eggplant?”
“Don’t drink that,” Rhodey warned not looking away from his conversation as Wanda levitated the coffee away from Clint.
“I do not want to hear about your sex tapes,” Peter exclaimed scrunching his nose.
“Thanks,” Sam answered.
And life was kind of easier after that except in all the ways it wasn’t. Because Clint had come and she was less alone and Peter freaked out and Clint had video calls to his family and wife and before Wanda knew it she was helping Laura unpack her new kitchen watching Clint’s kids who didn’t seem to mind Wanda at all, and Wanda kept watching reality tv with Rhodey and he came with Happy to pick her up from college and the three of them had Dairy Queen after and it was good.
She smiled at him her face laced with exhaustion. Soon she was away on her flight home escorted by Natasha and Sam was left in the quinjet with Bucky. “Natalia is still angry,” Bucky stated as the quinjet took off.
“Not those children,” Sam corrected, “Clint adopted an enhanced teenager girl this year. Wanda is eighteen and she’s coming home tomorrow. And Tony adopted Peter whose sixteen and he’s enhanced as well, but no one is really sure how that happened.”
“I am Loki of Asgard. And I am burdened with glorious purpose,” a sob escaped Loki’s lips, “and I am the whore of Asgard.”
After lunch, Sam showed Loki around his house excluding the room he had prepared for him. “It’s lovely,” Loki stated, “but it appears empty.”
She frowned slightly and reached forward rubbing his cheek. “You push people away when you are scared младший брат (little brother) and I should not have let you push me away when you needed me.”
As soon as it was posted Tony got to his feet and walked over as Shuri pulled Peter into conversation. He hurriedly started to drag her towards the house. Okoye looked slightly alarmed and braced herself but she stayed put.
“Dad” Peter protested.
Tony goes to the Vengers bar and is surprised by what he finds and Wanda just wants to come home.
“Call him,” Bucky demanded.
The next day was a bad day. So bad in fact that Sam had to leave the apartment. Which means that Bucky is polishing his knife collection, only talking in Russian, and is just staring at Steve. Which could easily mean he’s trying to remember why he hasn’t killed Steve yet or planning on killing anyone who even looks at Steve. Which means that Sam has to leave and the building goes on lockdown.
Sam didn’t answer looking away. “What do you mean you aren’t coming home,” she exclaimed, “I did not give you to the army for those years to not get you back home on the holidays.”
Wanda’s eyes looked over at Vision who smiled and Loki doesn’t miss it.
“Thanks, Anyways our first son has really bad Asthma and we’ve been meaning to move someplace with better air, we’re going to go to Ohio with my in-laws. Now it seems like we have to get out butts in gear. This place is to small for five people.”
“Time,” Bucky muttered.
Bucky rolled his eyes and put his lips against Steve’s ear. “Bucky, Baby, please. Please Baby. Let me suck you off. Want to make you feel so good,” he purred “Buck, Bucky, please please, want to get in my knees- and then the phone fucking rings.”
Loki was not hurt, he had known he didn’t have Thor’s trust but he needed to hear it. He nodded. “If you had asked me, I would have followed you.”
A video started to play on the screen behind them. “Oče!”
“Don’t lie,” Gideon scolded.
“I love you, I’ll see you in forty-five minutes,” Daniel told him.
Sam frowned questions written on his face before he understood what Loki was asking. Then he took in another large breath. “No, Loki. We couldn’t. We aren’t like that.”
Rhodey kept her pressed to his side. “Don’t apologize,” Rhodey told her, “that was rough and we all have some damage. I think we need ice cream. Happy what place can we get ice cream at this godforsaken hour?”
Lord help the fool that dared to call Bucky subtle Steve prayed.
"The face paint?" Stark raised his eyebrows and the pattern changed again, as if Steve was talking to a chameleon or a kaleidoscope instead of a Cetagandan. "Let's start with this, then, it's the easiest question."
There were a lot of children inside, some of them clearly very strange. For example, Steve could swear that the boy sitting on a windowsill with his attentive gaze trained on something outside was green a moment ago, but upon seeing strangers in the house, turned it the light brown color typical for citizens of Escobar. A girl a few years older was talking about something with a boy with slanted eyes, absent-mindedly twirling a strangely shaped battle staff in her hands. It looked dangerous.
Jarvis was half-leaning on the back of a couch, kept in place by something looking like a force field. Despite that, however, the ba didn't look like it was resisting, it didn't even move, just looked at everything with its curious cold blue eyes. It didn't resemble the Consul, or even his distant relative, it looked more like a part of Steve's family with its fair hair and blue eyes, its classically beautiful face and a vertical worry line between its eyebrows.
The track turned, but Bruce kept driving forward, right over the grass. Steve pressed his backpack to his chest. There were no safe belts in the pickup, and Steve kept jumping up on every bump in the road. The gun, even though it was wrapped in his clothes, kept painfully hitting his knees.
Steve noticed his pulse throbbing under his jaw, faster than was normal. The beats were regular and too strong, in the way they were never before. Steve pressed his fingers to it reflexively, as if trying to slow down the beating from the outside.
"What did you do?" he hissed frantically. "How did you do it?"
Inside, the flat looked almost normal, if you ignored the huge aquarium with ants along the wall. Hank Pym was definitely a passionate kind of person. The closeness of so many insects unnerved Steve, even though he was never squeamish.
Banner didn't ask any more questions. He either didn't really care about any of it, or was painfully polite. Or maybe, he didn't want to end up in a situation where frankness of one person called for the same frankness in another.
"Jarvis," said Tony, "this is Steve. I'd say you'll get along, but I don't like to share. Steve, have you eaten?" Without waiting for Steve’s answer, he addressed Jarvis again, "make us some snacks, we'll be in the drawing room."
Tony's face still didn't betray his thoughts. He shrugged, as if shaking off all the stuff that's been said just now, and turned away.
"Find out everything you can about him and his friend – just to be on the safe side. They could be connected to the case..."
"You already disturbed me," he said in a rough voice. "Just by coming here."
"Endorphins," Tony hummed. "I'm surprised at how collected you are, Steve. I was smiling like an idiot for two days after I tested the bots the first time."
"I have no idea." Steve shrugged. "He's just strange, even compared to the last Consul."
"Great. Wait for me, then." There was a sound of something clicking. "Shit. Pepper – you definitely need to meet Pepper – is showing me off to all these rich guys like a circus monkey. I hate this." Then, he repeated again, "I'm coming back in three days, Steve. Wait for me."
"I've never noticed our moons to be so... magnificent," muttered Vorbarton. He came to the festival accompanied by his wife, but she quickly found herself a group of friends among Vor-ladies and stopped needing his presence.
"Nothing," said Steve, after a short pause. "I'm feeling great, otherwise."
"He's swearing he's done nothing. That's maybe true, but his servant was trying to sabotage one of our replicator banks."
"I think we should go somewhere more comfortable. This corridor is too dusty. Serious conversations shouldn't take place among dirt and garbage." He nodded at Tony. "Bring him to my office."
From time to time, they exchanged a few words on neutral topics, discussed what was happening in the world. Steve turned out to be impressively knowledgeable compared to Bruce and for the first time in a while had a chance to tell something instead of just listening. Bruce was a strange conversationalist, he wasn't distracted like Reed, or patronizing like Ben, or charmingly sarcastic like Tony. When he wasn't reminded of where he was and what he was doing, Bruce answered all questions softly, almost kindly. But then, there were some moments when he winced, losing his smile, and tensed under some internal pressure.
As far as Steve understood it, there was no explosion, it was either a lie, or incorrectly interpreted information. The room was trashed by someone furious and inhumanely strong, by someone who could break an oak table and knock out plastic windows.
"This is remarkable," he said. "Fantastic. But now I have even more questions. Could we..."
"We caught the mercenaries. They were really from Jackson's Whole. They were so eager to cooperate it was honestly weird."
"You find it funny, Mister Rogers?" Faustus sank into a deep chair, clearly made some time in previous century, and put the cane on the table in front of him. "Yes, I know your name. Mister Stark told me everything."
"Sort of an advice I gave him," said Steve. "I'm happy for him."
But that wasn't what made Steve afraid now. He was still clinging to the possibility of returning to his old life, and he understood that changing himself now would also make him useless for his own world, in addition to how he already felt useless to this one. He wouldn't be able to pilot his giant robot anymore; he wouldn't be able to help his country win the war.
It was the third time they met, and still Steve didn't know how to react to Tony's words. He joked with a completely serious face and hid the important things under yet more jokes. Tony, while he'd shown himself as completely open person with no secrets, seemed encased in a kind of armor that made it impossible to see anything real in him. Steve caught himself thinking, though, that there was nothing impossible in this world.
"What now?" echoed Tony. "Now you sleep. I'd suggest you stay here, but you'll probably sleep for a long while, so... Try to stand up."
"That's the whole story," Tony concluded. "Have you ever done jigsaw puzzles? You're about to learn how to do a human version of it."
Steve wanted to say it was pointless, but he couldn't find his voice. They were surrounded: the black cars that he saw when he stood up were coming from all sides. Wherever they try to go now, they will be stopped.
"Never?"
"What are you doing here?" asked Steve. "No, that's not it. Are you already awake or still awake?"
Steve felt Tony's fingers pressing harder at his hand.
As it turned out, he didn't remember the way at all. The last time, the armor was leading him, half-conscious and dazed. Now the corridors seemed to form a labyrinth. Steve roamed the place for a while, discovered a kitchen, two dining rooms, a library and even a hall with weapons, and only then he found his way to the familiar doors that opened as soon as Steve came near them.
"She's a miracle," said Tony. "Especially when she's not angry and the business is going as it should. You'll become her favorite fast, too." He hummed. "Maybe, your evil plan is to take my place? You're already Iron Man, and if you charm Pepper, you'll have my company, too, in no time. Jarvis's already head over heels for you, and Happy will follow Pepper anywhere. You’re already half-way to having my throne!"
Steve frowned and carefully put his hand atop hers to draw her attention.
'And if it doesn't corroborate yours, you're in big trouble,' the commander's gaze was practically transmitting the message.
Steve decided not to ask if it was supposed to be an insult. The guard finally came to a compromise with someone, and the elevator's doors opened.
Steve turned around and looked at the canvas, with his full concentration this time, and felt a wave of irrational embarrassment at somebody else getting to see this.
"Decided to come back?"
"A lovely display of care. Bravo, Steve. Are we done?"
"So, Steven Grant Stuart instead of Steven Grant Rogers?"
"I got him out of the lab, but I couldn't take away his toys, you know. He's like a baby. The formulas calm him down."
While saying this, he was already taking off his jumpsuit. While staying with a ghem-lord on a tiny ship could be fine, staying with a ghem-lord who had a cold... Well, Steve could think of many better perspectives.
"If something goes wrong," Steve said, slowly, "if my neural system burns... don't even think of leaving me like that."
"That's what I thought," muttered Tony to himself. His face was twisted with a grin. "Could be worse."
"You're a doctor?" Steve asked, surprised. Bruce Banner shook his head.
"Nanobots." Tony let go of his hand and leaned on the side of the chair. "I inserted my nanobots into your reactor. It connects to your neural system, so the bots should've let you contact the armor pretty fast. The 'fast' part didn't really happen, but it works." He looked away and added, "sorry."
"Exactly. The fate of our Empire depends on it, however pretentious it may sound. It's the foundation of our society. The best genetic constructs and samples will become meaningless, if it's going to be possible to have a child from whomever and then fix all the imperfections after they become obvious. Including someone's genetic elements into the haut genome, our highest reward, by the way, will also stop making any sense. I can't explain everything, but trust me: genetic manipulation of an already formed human can completely destroy Cetaganda. So, it's quite understandable it causes such fear in those who know about it. The last consul learned there's a person serving on Barrayar who already went through the procedure."
"Three months ago," he said, uncertain. "Or about."
"I think," Steve told Janet, finally, "he stayed at work yesterday."
Steve frowned.
Steve ended up in the world that had particles that could miniaturize a person to a size of an ant; that had an eccentric guy who made an amazing suit of armor just because he got bored. It had a time machine, and internet, and newspapers on esotericism. And yet, Steve found it easier to believe Bruce was suffering from some kind of personality disorder than that he was sharing his mind with a deadly beast.
Steve took the bandages from the bag, rolled them out and pressed to Tony's hand, to the place he just pulled a piece of metal from. Tony's fingers started twitching: his tendons have probably healed.
Steve gave the metal suit hovering in the air a long look.
He looked tired, and Steve had an unpleasant thought that he probably ruined some of the man’s plans. Ben didn't really need to follow and take care of him. Steve was a burden. It was probably time he did something about that.
Tony tensed, his face, quite lovely and classically beautiful, turned sharp. The change was fast and noticeable - even his eye color somehow seemed cold and spiky instead of the usual warm blue. Ben noticed it, too, and stopped talking.
Of course, he was pretty tired when he finally got to the town. His backpack was pulling his shoulders, his hoodey clung to his back, but Steve didn't dare take it off. He was leaning on a tree when somebody called him:
"My mother is an haut-lady," he started, "of course, she lost the status after she married a ghem-lord, but genetically speaking, she's an haut-lady, and her behavior speaks to it as well. After my father died, she... I don't quite understand it, but I think, everything that reconciled her with the loss of those rights and privileges died with him."
"Maybe you just shouldn't be alone?" suggested Steve. "Maybe, you just need motivation? Somebody to be around so you'd have a reason to hold... the Hulk. Is that what you call him?"
"I guess," cautiously agreed Vorromanof. "It's a curious thing: while your ba was following the schedule, nobody touched it, but the moment it strayed from it..."
"This isn't even my birthday," he snorted. "Will I always have to break my bones to get access to your body?"
"Listen," said Bruce, "we can drive some more, go to the road, and I'll drop you at a next town."
"I got rejected again, well, you know," said Hank joylessly, "who knew the commission would react like that to talking about weaponry!" He moved his shoulders, and succumbed to Janet’s hugs.
'Colonel,' noted Steve. Strange or not, the ghem-lord's rank was clearly awarded for more than his beautiful eyes. Though they were, of course, worthy of attention: big and changing under a certain light from black to dark-blue or brown.
"I had some blood in my head, before," Steve bit his lip. "You're sure I won't hurt you?"
Unfinished ideas and images were swimming through his head: the armor, Tony, the reactor, nanobots, that resembled tiny metal bugs in Steve's imagination. It all mixed in his imagination, almost drowning his thoughts. To relax and get his feelings under control, Steve took a shower (half-absently remembering Tony in the shower and what he was doing and what it lead to). Then he dressed and looked at the paints again.
"Tony," Steve called in a quiet voice. "Are you okay?"
"Well, you asked," Steve said, hoarsely, and proved to Stark that yes, he was a man of action. He pushed into the pliant but tight body, biting his lips, expecting Stark to start screaming, and he'd have to stop, which was not at all what he wanted... But Stark made no noises unbecoming of a ghem-lord, only breathed out, quickly, as if preparing to jump from a great height, and pushed his sharp nails into the Captain's back.
"Ghem-lord Stark appreciates certain level of comfort," the ba shrugged. "This ship is equipped with state of the art system of water and air circulation."
"Baron Fell? Nobody heard from him in decades. He doesn’t make a lot of noise, just his weapons..."
"That's an order, soldier!" Tony suddenly barked at him.
"That's not wrong," Stark nodded. "But I am not guilty, and if you're not already sure of that, that's certainly what your gut tells you, isn't it? I just don't want to spend more time than I have to in this aesthetically displeasing room. May I ask what's being done to Jarvis? I'm not sure it can withstand being paralyzed all that well."
"It is," he said, after a moment's hesitation. Solomon squinted – either from the thick sweet smoke or to show that he didn’t believe Steve at all – but didn't ask anything else. "I wanted to buy a thing. But you're already closed, I'll come by tomorrow."
Steve shook his head. Banner sat opposite him and carefully put his elbows on the table.
"I'm an idiot," whispered Tony, not letting go of Steve's gaze. "I'm a fucking idiot."
They managed to catch a radio station, and the trip went slightly livelier. Bruce even cheered up, losing the look of doomed fatigue he was spotting before. Watching him now, Steve suddenly realized why he still hadn't left: Bruce had nobody, and you could feel that in the way he talked, in his actions, in his almost child-like surprise when Steve tossed him a chocolate bar. It was a small, pointless purchase that caused an undeserving amount of gratitude. Bruce was almost as much an alien in this world as was Steve, and it was unthinkable to leave him alone.
"Then I still have a lot to show you."
"The armor's not made for carrying passengers, but I can handle four people," said Steve.
"Are you hungry, sir?" he asked.
Tony looked frightened. He froze in an awkward pose, made a step back, but Steve, following an unformed yet thought, grabbed his wrist.
He couldn't even imagine why Tony didn't lose his conscience or how exactly he managed to at least partially restore his hand in such a short time, but, to be honest, he couldn't really care. Be it a miracle or just modern technology, Steve was too tired to figure it out, and the important thing was that Tony was relatively fine.
"Putting alcohol into tea?" the ba asked, horrified.
"Good job," he commented, looking at his bandaged hand. "You ever wanted to be a doctor? Oh, right," Tony gave him a crooked grin. "I remember. An artist, right?"
"I don't."
"Miss!" Wilson raised his hands. "Come down. We're worried about Doctor Pym as much as you are."
He raised his clouded eyes at Steve.
"Open empty space," he said dully. "I don't want anyone to get hurt."
Janet was saying something else, quickly and almost incomprehensibly, but Steve stopped listening.
"I was talking to Bruce."
"How far do those blackouts go?" asked Steve.
"She asked three times already if you are alright," added the ba.
"Can you imagine how boring their lives are?" Tony put his hands in his pockets and swayed on his heels. "I'm like an evening show for them. They love me."
After a few hours of explosions, intergalactic wars and laser swords (Steve belatedly understood a few jokes he heard before) his head started hurting, and the glasses uncomfortably rubbed the bridge of his nose. He was going to ask how to turn it off, but when he turned to Tony, he discovered him sleeping. His internal clock was probably insisting it's nighttime, and loud noises from the dynamics were quieter than nature's call.
"No, I'm... I'm with no company. I'm his friend."
Steve didn't immediately understand Barton meant Tony by that, and then he did, Steve barely kept himself from making a noise. He thought back on how it must've looked to everyone: Tony Stark disappears, the armor starts independent investigation. No wonder everybody took him for some kind of bodyguard: nobody knew for sure who was behind the mask, and Tony always was vague on the topic. Steve watched a couple of interviews he gave about it.
"Jarvis will close after you," he muttered.
"Breathe. Slowly. In and out, on the count of four."
"But Jarvis serves you."
"I see," said Tony. "Steve, can you imagine that I talked to a shrink? He did some Jedi stuff to me," he waved his hand in the air, "these are not the scientists you need. You work for me now. You're going to do everything I tell you."
"That's not mine," Tony said at the same time.
"I don't know you," she said with another smile.
"But it's boring as hell. Not to mention cramped as hell. Alright, a compromise: we stay here till the next communication from them, consider the news and then decide."
Already in his room, mindlessly typing on the keyboard of his laptop, Steve tried to make sense of what happened, but without any success, stumbling upon some sort of mental block from his own shock. All of it – the emotions, the heady mix of feelings and sensations – was just too much. There was some tune playing from the laptop's speakers, the soft melody of it drowning out the steady flow of his thoughts and soothing him. Steve didn't even register falling asleep.
"Got any requests?" Tony drove into the roadway almost without looking and pushed the gas. Steve expected the car to jerk from such treatment, but it started quite smoothly.
It wasn't visible under the face paint, but Steve knew that Tony's face that alternatively red and white, and then back again. He was clearly not capable of the answer, so Steve took the reins in his hands.
He lowered his bow, too, and was standing smirking with his hands crossed. The dim autumn sun was just starting to light his figure and clothes, making the cloth look dark purple.
"Let's find a log," Bruce sighed, getting out of the car. Steve yanked the keys out of ignition and followed him.
If he dropped the excuses, though, and was honest with himself, Steve just liked the protection the dusty gun offered him and the way it reminded him of the war.
"Relations like that were not accepted in your culture about a hundred years ago, which didn't stop them from blooming, especially among officers. The last half a century, they're not encouraged, of course, but are definitely not rejected," Stark smirked, still continuing his evil ministrations. "And I think, I'm making quite clear what I'm so interested in. Although, it's not just that."
"Beautiful," he said. "Your planet's very lucky, there's a nice view from here."
He quickly got ready, did some exercises (he'd prefer to go for a run, but was afraid of disturbing someone here) and went down to get breakfast. Nobody seemed to be awake yet, and, while he was sitting alone in the kitchen, a similar breakfast he had with Tony came to Steve's mind. It was a lot more fun despite the difficult conversation they had.
Interests of Barrayar are
"What do you need me to do?"
He held his breath and connected with it. The armor answered immediately, and Steve was filled with almost child-like happiness, because it felt right. The parts of it rose in the air, following his mental command, and the armor started building itself around his body, his shirt and pants got crumpled in the process, but Steve didn't care. He felt the familiar cold of the metal, got encased in a familiar, almost comforting darkness. Steve was finally home.
The haut-lady Mio's message read:
"I hope I'm not making a mistake."
"Thank you, but no," Jarvis's face grew softer. "I'm trying to save some valuables from perish."
He didn't manage to figure out who was behind it, in the end. The trace disappeared in the Hydra's lair. The same place Steve's formal life disappeared.
"The soldiers voluntarily locked themselves up in the same building with Doctor Richards?" Tony hummed. "The world will remember their sacrifice. If death from 'brain overload from too much useless information' wasn't a diagnosis before, it's about to become one."
"Okay," Tony easily conceited. "War secrets, and all that? But the war's over. More than that, the war that you came from wasn't the one that happened in this world."
Perhaps, Steve kept thinking, as he packed his things, he could've reached some peace if he just learned the outcome of the war in this world. That wish was, at least, devoid of egoism.
"And again, that gave me more questions than answers," Steve sighed. "Alright. Let's say, you bring me to your homeland, lay me at your mother's feet. What will it change? I'm not just a creature enhanced with unknown technology, I'm a project of her husband, who was, I'm guessing, declared deceased even before it all happened. How else would he get ahold of an Escobar secret identity and hide from the eye of your security services?"
"And the sheep from the goats," added the educated ba, turning off the comm. "My mistress..."
The woman went silent for a moment, and then asked:
Steve was going to look around, but got distracted by the sound of footsteps: Tony appeared in a wide doorway, leaning on the wall. He was barefoot for some reason and looked very tired. He was holding a silver thermos with the fingertips of his left hand and was shadowing his eyes from the dim light of a corridor lamp with his right, as if it was blinding him.
From where he was standing, Steve saw that the box was lined with soft black material inside, like the one used for eyeglass cases. There were two flasks there - one with some clear liquid and another with deep-red one.
"You need motivation? Just read crime news."
"Mister Stark, I'm..."
To his apparent regret, they didn't get stuck in the elevator. It was creaking, and they had to really pull the door to get it open, but it was still working. Steve didn’t notice them going through the corridor, but he did remember noticing one of the rooms opening with a corner of his eye and Pepper looking out. She watched them for a while and then disappeared again.
"Oh god," Steve groaned. "Please, Hulk, ignore him. And you!" Steve looked at Tony. "What am I going to do with you?"
The man moved, still slowly and half-awake at first, but then he thrown the blanket away in a quick move. He searched around himself, trying to find his crushed glasses, and then got up.
Steve reached the 'hot' area, went through the glass doors and stopped.
He felt as if he was lying in a giant iceberg. An icy prison was covering all his body, sucking away all his warmth and life. He tried to climb up, to breathe, but every time he felt drowning again, and going even deeper into the darkness and the cold. Somebody was calling for him, mindlessly whispering prayers and begging, and Steve couldn't answer. He froze, listening.
"Are you always like that? Surrounded the lab like there's been a gamma-radiation explosion! Then again, I do remember that time..."
"See!"
Steve's sleep was actually deep and calm, probably for the first time in a few months.  He woke up around sunrise, feeling cold, shivered and only then opened his eyes. He turned his head, squinting in confusion at grey morning light, thinking the blanket must've fallen off him during the night when he was tossing and turning. It happened before.
"Is that too crazy for a guy from the forties with a reactor in his chest?"
Next time he came to himself the first thing he felt was pain – in his wrists, in his chest, in his temples and all along his spine. Steve let out a stifled breath and coughed, the sound of his own voice making bright flashes appear before his eyes, as if all his senses were scrambled.
In front of the whole construction, another teenage girl was sitting down, not levitating, not growing horns all over her body, just meditating, seemingly, with her eyes closed.
The information, discovered by Jarvis, perplexed Stark: no Rogers, with a 'Vor' in the front or without, ever attended the academy.
The view of the city from the roof was marvelous, but Steve was more drawn to the helicopters - the shadows from their wide blades were drawing lines on the ground. If they had these machines during the war...
"You mean she volunteered? That's weird," Steve tried to imagine what could be going through a mind of a creature that resembled a human more out of habit than necessity and failed.
"Again? Jarvis, you understand her better. What does this koan mean?"
"I don't drink," reminded him Steve. He hesitated for a moment and then sat down next to Tony on the floor.
Steve didn't find it funny. He kept watching Bruce intensely for the signs of a new episode. There weren't any. Steve also didn't see any signs that Bruce was lying, and he didn't really have a reason to.
There was a mirror on the wall in an old scratched wooden frame. Steve was undressing, getting ready to go to bed and didn't think about anything at all, when his gaze fell on the smooth surface of it. Dim room lights almost overshadowed the glow of the reactor, but the shadows still put on display his scars and bones sticking out. Steve learned a while ago that he didn't look too small or skinny for the twenty first century, not enough to make him stand out, at least. Janet even remarked once that he looked like a programming student and all he was missing was a pair of glasses. But Steve was used to being ashamed of his body. He was used to thinking himself not strong and tough enough. It didn't have anything to do with the reactor – the reactor was just something he needed for his work, but now even that became something alien, ugly and completely useless.
Steve huffed and rolled his eyes. “I’m sorry for hurting you.”
Bucky was kind of obsessed with Minecraft. And this wasn’t some regular Tony Stark gaming system. It was a Wakandan gaming system connected to Shuri’s gaming system. Yeah she had better things to do, but she liked it sometimes.
“A court date,” Sam asked, “for what? The accords are cleared already.”
“Anything with food and family is a big deal,” Sam agreed.
Sam laughed. “Rylie had my heart in his hands the moment he saw me and he knew it,” Sam told her and he talked until his voice was hoarse.
“I appreciate that,” Steve answered, “I’m Derek.”
Darcy and Jane arrived with Bruce on their heels. Jane slapped him across the face without hesitation. The women besides Thor snarled but also laughed. Thor held out his hand to keep her back looking down at Jane with a crushed expression. “I’m sorry Jane,” he answered clearly still confused.
“I got a place,” Happy answered.
Tony nodded. “Of course,” he agreed.
“Don’t you already know it,” Sam tried to snark, but it came out more bitter.
Steve’s smile was happy and content. “Bucky really wants to be a dad huh,” Sam asked.
She let out a sigh of relief and then went to lead Sam about the whole mess. Four days later Sam was in DC again looking at the shiny courthouses. Bucky was to his left glaring at them and Nat was at his right face timing Loki. Sam was very done with the whole process. It had taken them from their carefully constructed routine and Sam wasn’t sure if that was good for Loki. It definitely left him with less support, but Steve and his mother were there with him for now. And Sam was aware that it was ridiculous that he was concerned with someone babysitting his immortal teenage son, but what frickin' ever. Whatever. He was just tired, wanted his marriage license, and wanted to go home.
“Now for the cool stuff,” Peter exclaimed and he dropped a few stones in front of the robot,“R5 can you give Ned a blue rock please?”
She looked into Laura’s eyes. “Thank you for letting me join your family, it’s- nice.”
All three men shot off and Tony ran in pursuit. Pepper chuckled by Loki’s side and Natasha handed him a gift-wrapped jewelry box. “Something pretty to wear tonight,” she told him, “Pepper helped get it.”
Screw You
“I want the full story,” she answered, “and then I’ll help you get in contact with Thor.”
It turned out Snickerdoodles we’re good. “Clint, Wanda, and Vision have arrived,” the House Temptress announced.
“You have a room in the ranch house,” Tony answered, “but you have a house on the property. I suppose you want to be there?”
He had already liked Peter from the airport fight, but this child was... “wouldn’t we all,” Sam agreed.
Steve watched him leave and then followed him into their bedroom laying beside the other super soldier on his bed. “It doesn’t,” he agreed as Bucky’s breath drifted off into sleep.
Rhodey sighed and then hugged the other man. Tony sank into the other man’s arms. “It’s going to be fine,” Rhodey coaxed, “and Pep, Peter, and I have your back.”
Steve’s frown deepened. “Okay now you really lost me, Buck,” he complained.
She playfully tugged on Loki’s braid and left. Sam managed to convince Loki to watch a dance-themed movie instead of just dance videos. After Step It Up 2 Sam yawned. “I’m going to bed,” he announced, “my room is the one down the hall,” he pointed to it, “I’ll leave the door open. Come in if you need anything.”
“I don’t care if you are dating,” she snapped, “I care if the family you built here is there for you. Family comes in a lot of different ways Sam and I don’t care one bit what you got as long as you’re happy.”
“And Who is visiting us this lovely evening F.R.I,” Clint asked.
“Good,” T’Challa answered, “she’s following your Twitter.”
She shrugged then turned her attention back to Peter. The next morning Rhodey was laying on an examination table while Shuri did things that Tony didn’t understand, for once. Wanda was sitting in the waiting room with Pepper and Peter. Tony was sitting in the room with them listening to the easy banter they had going. Shuri closed her windows. “The surgery should take fourteen hours,” Shuri announced, “and I’ll need a medical team. I can fly my team which will take another day, or I’ve heard that you work with Helen Cho and her team of specialist. They would also suit my needs. I need a day to explain and prep the procedure. Then I will meet with you Colonel Rhodes and explain to you what will happen if you agree to the procedure. With how long your condition has been stabilized your recovery should take about two months.”
Steve didn’t anything because he knew she didn’t want him to. Steve was a good listener. Even when he wasn’t listening at all. He would never tell anyone’s secrets.
“I think you should talk to them,” Peter stated, “and why are they all consider about me and know my secret identity and know that you’re my dad before it even happened.”
“Get in line” Sam agreed.
Stark,
“What is this,” Thor demanded.
Scott rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry. My boss doesn’t like that information to get out and he definitely doesn’t want a Stark to get it and I’m pretty sure you are the Stark/ Potts heir so I can’t say anything.”
Bucky wasn’t entirely sure how to respond to that. Tony sighed and leaned back into the wall. “And just so you know, attacking you was wrong, I don’t really blame you for my parent's death.”
Bucky didn’t react at first. “Steve is oblivious generally. I noticed he fell in love with Peggy before he did. At first, I was hurt and confused. Then she kissed my cheek and told me how adorable it was how hopelessly in love Steve was with me. That kind of made everything better. It was a lot of talking between Peggy and I before we figured out what to do.”
The smile drifted off of Wanda’s face. “Yes,” she agreed, “there was an incident with one of the professors and his inappropriate behavior to me that got me in contact with a few of the amazing women at the university, but this news channel already covered that story.”
He looked back at the two men, who were staring at him. The black man nodded towards the room so Loki forced himself in. He left the door open and headed towards the shower. It did sound good.
When Tony finished he wasn’t sure if he was laughing or crying. That was so much better than Steve’s first letter.
Bucky waved to a passing car. “That’s why you got confused as to who he is. That’s why the world did. I’m afraid we are a bit lost without each other. What Steve didn’t tell you was his own folly and maybe he didn’t even think to tell you, maybe he was keeping it from you, but even if he was that’s no easy situation.”
“What’s a bootleg,” Loki questioned.
Loki hummed, and Tony strolled in. Loki watched the small man stroll over to the coffee pot and poured a large cup. “Did Pepper take away your coffee supplies again?” Natasha asked.
“Oh leave him alone,” Natasha ordered, “you don’t want to make him hate us again. Or worse inflate his ego.”
For all their bickering Steve adored Furry, and Tony always muttered that Furry was an annoying Grandpa. Which meant that Tony would die for him. And really Nick had raised Clint out of his late teenager years and got Natasha through her twenties when she joined them. Bruce liked Furry because they were both well traveled and at core they both had the same kind of anger issues. Darcy called Fury “Colson’s Pirate”. After Coulson had died, Nick found that Darcy and Jane shared some of his grief. Bucky liked Fury because he couldn’t kill him and while he had put Steve in danger he’d also kept him out of it, but they had meet as the Winter Soldier and not Bucky so that was new.
“I dunno some mathematics classes, but he’s taking a lot of those social justice classes or whatever they’re called,” Bucky answered.
Rhodey sighed and took a long drink. “I’m reading them so I can get them fired from their jobs,” Tony stated.
“She is my niece,” Tony interjected.
Shuri laughed the three warriors gave him incredulous looks. “Your Mother would like to see it,” Okoye decided at last.
“We thought for sure you were seeing someone,” Dax added.
It was an easy joyful sight. Bucky tapped his screen taking another photo of them. “How did you get so addicted to Twitter,” Tony asked.
Peter sputtered. “Uh? Well...uh? I mean I have pepper spray now? And I haven't broken my thumb punching anyone lately.”
Rhodey nodded his head in agreement. “Wanda we’ve talked a lot about this already and if we didn’t want it. We would have stopped you, but we haven’t.”
He put his head on his knees. “Not that I blame Peter for saying things like that.”
Tony doesn’t talk about Captain America or the other missing Avengers, and Peter doesn’t ask. He figures it’s a hard topic.
Tony looked away. “I found someone to give me lessons,” he answered blushing.
“Do I not have access?”
So yeah everything worked out. Sam finished putting the French toast on a plate and took Natasha’s outstretched hands. They swayed around the kitchen a little drawing Loki’s attention who watched with a small smile. As the music picked up so did Natasha and they swung into a couple of moves that looked easy but had taken to much practice to learn.
Bucky smiled. “The internet.”
“It's better to be safe than sorry,” Tony exclaimed.
Tony sighed. “Yeah,” he grumbled.
Tony stomped his foot. “Jesus! You’re like some traumatized baby kitten begging to get out of the rain. How am I supposed to try and hate you when you’re adorable?”
Peter sat shocked for a moment. He had met the man a couple of times, he was Tony’s best friend after all, but he was busy so they often missed each other and the times they had meet it had been quick looks and waves.
“Look at the picture,” Sam ordered.
Sam and Bucky relaxed. “He’s a wonderful kid,” she gushed and then be her lip, “you don’t think Steve will mind that...”
Loki rolled out of bed. “I will leave you to finish getting ready now.”
Cap let the letters fall to the ground and pulled Tony into his arms. “Oh we’re touching now great,” Tony muttered.
Tony looked up from Peter’s suit and gave Steve the once over. Then he leaned back and whistled. “Damn you look fine. U! Make sure you get a shot of Cap’s ass. The World really should thank me for this.”
Sam bit his lip. “I think Loki might have a really fucked up past as well.”
Sam: ...do you want the photographic evidence listed by date or what?
Wanda is a sad anxious mess, Natasha is a Mom, and Mj is a badass.
Natasha recognized it as Sam buckling down for a long fight. She had seen him do it time and time again and she hoped that it wouldn’t lead to his downfall and feared the day it did. She leaned her head against his chest and they waited.
Shuri made a disgruntled noise and looked over at Tony. “Will you call Helen Cho, or do I need to organize my medical staff?”
“Bucky!”
Natasha nodded pulling herself and Peter out of the tub nustling him close to her chest. Wanda got up from where she was sitting in the hall and followed them to Cho’s lab in the house. Wanda plopped herself on a chair in the waiting room with a look that said she was listening for when they would need her and she was going to stay out of the way till then.
Rhodey passed her a paper. “Here you get anyone that has any dirt on this guy and call this number,” he offered, “Tony likes information.”
Natasha snorted laughter. “Put the recording in my funny files,” she ordered.
Loki nodded and slipped away. Sam waited a few seconds before following him. From the kitchen, Sam heard Loki squeal and Natasha soft rumbling in Russian. “Oh Lo. You’ve changed. Let me look at you.”
The robot beeped and rolled towards the stones. It studied them before picking up the blue one. Then it looked between Peter and the person behind the camera before marching over to the camera and setting the stone down.
At Steve’s silence, Bucky rolled to his side propping up his head to mirror Steve. “You have that stupid look on your face again,” Bucky noted.
Peggy chuckles and Steve smiles at the memory. Yeah, Toni looked like she was doing her best impression of a lobster at the day ended and she was miserable the whole way home. It was good memory. He hands over the first plate to Peggy.
