A glint of determination gleamed within Mr. Singer's eyes, and he leaned forward to set his elbows on his desk.
students of my prestigious institution?"
"Would I still be allowed to be a part of the anti-bullying club if I murdered Alastair Knight?"
Bright, big, blue eyes— wide and horror-stricken, peered into Dean's as the boy gasped. Dean had always been quick with his reflexes, so he held his pocket knife up to the boy's throat. The boy's lips, pinky and plush, made for sucking cock and cock
"Dude, I'm not gay, I'm just—"
"About Alastair."
Castiel frowned.
"Hmm," he hummed, "-keep them. I'm not doing this so you delete the pictures. I just couldn't bear to see the bruise. It weirds me out."
"Would that make you happy?" Castiel asked, and pulled Dean down against his chest.
A shudder wracked Castiel's body.
"Why are you asking me that like we're strangers or something, of course you can, Cas."
A rustling of fabric caught his ear, and he turned his head to the the side to watch a woman, their school-nurse, Alex, walked in through a door of curtains. She glanced up at Castiel, and sent him a warm smile.
Meg flustered for a moment, and tried to cover up her embarrassment with a cough as she stepped aside from the front door to Castiel's house. Castiel lingered there for a moment, neither of them acknowledging the silence between them, before Castiel spoke up.
"Don't come any closer, I'll kill you, and do the exact same thing you said you'd do to me—"
"I think that's when I fell in love with you, Cas. I just didn't know what it was for a long time. I wanted to hate you so bad, cause you were perfect. Perfect grades, perfect life, rich parents. But I didn't know you then, and maybe I still don't, but what I do know is that, hating you is hard, impossible even."
The sound of his name brought him staggering back, and he blinked away a tear as he sat up on the bed. It was Dean, his eyes wide and concerned, much to Castiel's confusion.
"I— I thought of the first time here— both of us—"
"Alright. Much better. I just— I think it's because I saw Gordon and Nick."
(See the end of the chapter for
— feels nostalgic," Castiel sighed into a smile, and Dean panted against his ear, mumbling a soft
Anna considered it for a moment.
"Man, I was so close to passing out. These days, all I've been doing is talking back to adults." Castiel snorted, and Dean chuckled, brushing a hand across Castiel's forehead and pressing a kiss to his face.
"About what?"
"I know. And I love you anyway."
Silence settled across the line.
Bobby paused for a moment, a bit taken aback at the answer.
Castiel let out a low groan, and the noise had Dean's cock perking, but he ignored it in favour of shoving the boy down on one of the chair at the dining table, and fetched a rope out of satchel, working quickly as the boy tried to push him, resist him, do anything to rebel against Dean, but Dean secured the rope firmly around the boy's chest, stomach, and legs.
, Dean wondered, as he glanced between the two of them. "Hello, Mrs. Novak, Mr. Novak. Castiel has told me much about the two of you."
"Wha—?"
"Your maid let me in, I rang the bell
"I suppose, yes. Of course, I'm exhausted, but I'm fine."
"No, no— Dean, I, I was being irrational. You were standing up for me, you were defending me, you fought with my mother
"Dean, just leave them alone, please—"
"I trust you, Dean."
"Why? You're all alone, and that fag friend of yours, Winchester, he isn't around to save your ass, is he?" A disgusting, wicked smile spread across Alastair's face, and Castiel felt a pang of fear course through his body at the realisation that—
"How, Ben?" Dean breathed out, voice exasperated, "-How do I even tell him? I don't even know if he likes me back."
"Thanks Bobby, but—" Dean mumbled, and let his eyes wander across Bobby's face. He hoped to hear those words from his father someday. But he realised, making the people you actually, truly care about
. And at prom last year, after the dance, he came over to my house. I told him I was tired, and that I didn't want to do anything, but then Nick and Gordon came over with him, and…"
Dean snapped back to the present at the sound of Castiel's voice.
"Parents? Fuck, how old are you?"
His heart pounded in his chest, the rhythm of it amplified in tune with Castiel's quick, shallow breaths. His gut ached, a lingering unease rising at the back of his stomach. Absently, he reached out to press his hand into the wall to steady himself, letting his eyes flutter shut as he focused on breathing in deep, measured breaths.
"You have a problem if I fuck with you, you have a problem if I don't."
"Of course sweetheart." Dean's nimble fingers slid Castiel's trousers down to his thighs, before hooking under the string of the panties Castiel had worn,
"I'm alright," Sam sighed on the other end, "-doing some worksheets. Are you driving?"
If only he hadn't left. If only he would have stayed, if only he would have been with Cas, maybe none of this would have ever happened. How could he have been so fucking
"He does deserve it. Let me get it cleared with HR." Dean laughed, and watched as Castiel went red in the face. Though he wasn't much into alcohol, Benny had dared him to do a round of tequila shots, and Lord, who would have expected the nerd to down eight shot glasses full of tequila in seven seconds flat? It was impressive, if anything, and only made Dean wonder what other secret sides of him his nerdy secretary had hiding up his sleeve.
At that, Castiel opened his eyes, and Dean watched him as he stared up at the ceiling.
"Won't argue on that. Guy's got these big, round eyes, tiny hands, cute smile."
For the first time in weeks, Dean lit up a cigarette.
They rid themselves of their clothes between a frenzy of hands and limbs, until they were tied up once again, only this time, naked. Sure, Castiel had seen Dean naked before, they'd showered together, even went to third base, and Dean also had a habit of walking around bare-chested at Castiel's home. But the way he looked in that moment, submerged in arousal and greed— with his green eyes hooded, his lips parted and waiting, and his caramel-blonde hair wildly tousled— It was a sight to behold. The moment Dean had stripped, Castiel had found it hard to even tear his eyes away from his boyfriend's body for a moment. Thick, dense muscle every where you could possible see— a taut, defined stomach; strong, rigid biceps; toned thighs paired with lean calves, robust shoulders and back, but then again, beautiful as always, his thick, large cock that hung heavy between his thighs, almost waiting to be touched and worshipped.
"It's alright, erm, I don't mind," Castiel sighed, "-Anyway, I should be leaving. Have a good day Sam," A beat passed, "-Dean."
"Why don't you pick it up for me then,
But watching them. It was nice. It wasn't always that Sam got along with people Dean's age. Right as Dean thought to turn away and let Sam and Castiel speak alone, Sam caught him sneaking, and called him out. As expected, Castiel's eyes snapped over to him.
And maybe, that's exactly why it hurt. Knowing Castiel couldn't say it out.
Benny had noticed it too.
Castiel smiled and nodded, "—yeah."
sat at, with Castiel squeezed between Dean and the wall. And come on, Dean liked squeezing the guy into the wall. It was a bit fun toying with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not at all."
That was surprisingly easy, Castiel thought, and nodded.
"How did you know that was in there?"
"What else, Cas?"
The Castiel from the past would have tossed his phone aside, slipped into his bed, and cried himself to sleep. He would have blamed himself, instead of taking responsibility, and he would have wallowed in his own misery, he would have been irrational, hoping Dean would call him first. He would not make a single effort to change the circumstances around him. But Dean had, in some unexplainable way, taught Castiel to be brave, taught him to go get what he wanted, and if it wasn't given to him, to snatch it. Dean may not have thought of him as a role model, but he was to Castiel. If Dean had been in Castiel's shoes, he would have driven out to Castiel's home to apologize, to pacify Castiel, to make it up to him.
"Like what?"
"You fucking bast—"
"Cool, is he alright?"
Dean paused.
"Do you wanna' grab a bite after school?" Dean asked. Castiel seemed to consider it for a moment, before humming.
"I'm not," Castiel grinned, and turned to Dean. "My father loves classic cars, Dean. I don't remember if I've mentioned it to you. He thinks he knows everything about them, but father," Castiel smirks, "—I can bet my life on the fact that Dean knows more."
With an exasperated eye roll, Dean sat up, and found himself right in Castiel's space. Just a few inches more, and goddamn, he'd be able to taste him, to kiss him. Castiel might be a good kisser, maybe. Or maybe not, since he might never have had practical experience before. Besides, his lips were too chap for someone who was used to kissing. Chapstick. Chapstick would do him good.
"Winchester? Never thought I'd see you here. But I'm glad you came. Party's just getting started. Wanna' join?" He taunted. Dean glared at him for a moment, nostrils flaring and teeth clicking, before his eyes flickered to the side where Castiel was watching him, a strange mixture of shame and guilt in his eyes as a tear streamed down his face.
"Woah, you're a pistol, huh? I did not see that coming," Benny gave a low, incredulous chuckle, and Castiel simply shrugged. He knew the beer would hardly have him drunk, but it would get him buzzed, and that was more than enough. He was ready to make mistakes. He was ready to risk his sanity, his dignity, and perhaps, even his virginity if he found someone hot enough.
NOTE: The next chapter will be from Dean's POV but it will pick up from the scene where Dean walked away from Castiel. The next two chapters all happen in the same course of time.
It was a nickname.
Castiel sighed, and grabbed his History workbook with him as he slipped out of the empty classroom, and sneaked his way into the emergency staircase, where he climbed up to the abandoned third floor, the same place he had taken several of his OnlyPics hits, and discreetly, pulled his phone and earphones out of his pocket. He decided to go to the terrace, which was attached to the third floor. The terrace was Castiel's favourite hideout, since the railing was made out of solid concrete, and when Castiel sat huddled against it in the corner,
Castiel wanted to lean in, but he didn't.
"What else did he do, Cas?"
"I need a favour from you."
"Fine, I'll control myself," Dean sighed, and watched as Castiel's face brightened.
"Go— go slower— you're— you're hurting me—"
"You're the strongest person I know, Cas. You don't even need me, but I'm still going to be here for you, 'kay? And there's no refunds on that. I'm here to stay, like it or not."
, I do carry through with my promises. Little Cassie here would know better than anyone else, wouldn't he?" Alastair laughed, "-after all, I did promise to hurt him until he begged me not to. And
Dean let his hands glide around Castiel's back, feeling shameless as ever, as he grazed his nails down his warm, firm back, and watched as Castiel struggled to keep his eyes open. "D-Dean—" Castiel gasped, and Dean watched as he moved away, much to Dean's surprise, and rolled over to face the wall on the other side.
Meg and Castiel exchanged a glance, before nodding.
, the way Castiel licked his lips, he
Dean snapped his head up at Benny's words, sending him a confused, peering glance as he tried to figure out what Benny meant, when at last, Benny cleared his throat, "-I mean, you should tell Castiel you like him."
Sorry for the late upload, I had some things going on in my personal life.
Castiel visibly relaxed. He rubbed his hand across his face, and turned to Anna. "After school, meet me in the library. And anyone else who wishes to join us. You don't have to actively try to fight the system with us, but the presence of your support is much more appreciated than you realise."
"What? What's your fuckin' friend want at eight in the morning?"
"Feels—
It was Gordon Walker and Nick Morningstar. Gordon had bandages tied around his hand, while Nick had a bandage wrapped over his nose. Their bodies were loose, eyes solemn and turned down— but they seemed to notice Castiel. And the moment their eyes met Castiel's, Castiel found himself standing at Benny's farmhouse, begging Gordon and Nick to do something— to stop Alastair, to stop hurting him, to let him go.
Benny stared at him for a moment, before sighing, and eventually, a laugh rumbled past his lips.
"Fuck, right there—" Dean gasped, and pulled Castiel down on his cock, keeping his face buried against Dean's crotch, nose brushing the trimmed bush of pubes. Castiel choked for a moment, and tears welled at the rims of his gorgeous blue eyes as Dean felt his cock twitch inside Castiel, before he yanked the younger man back, and watched Castiel's freshly fucked face staring up at him.
"Dean?" Castiel asked, and waved a hand before Dean's face.
Next came Calculus, where Dean flicked him in the head once, before laughing out loud.
"I know a place. Pretty cheap. Good food," Dean continued, and Castiel hummed along to the song, Simple Man by Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Dean tapped a finger at his thigh, basking in the quiet between them.
Dean hummed to himself, "—that's the fun part."
"Cas, just take a breath, man, okay? Calm down. I'm not mad, I mean, I was, heck, I even thought of calling it quits—" Castiel froze at Dean's words, unable to hold back a round of tears as he buried his face in his hand.
"You don't have to say anything, Cas," Dean whispered, hoping to keep his voice steady, hoping to keep his tears at bay, but the next moment, his vision was blurring, his jaw was aching, his lips quivered, and before he knew it, a sob rolled past his chapped lips, accompanied by a tear, "-I'm so sorry—" He croaked.
"He's just my friend—"
"So your dad, he hasn't always been so cold?"
"Burgers. I like burgers."
"Listen up kid, I need a place to lay low for a couple hours, 'kay? And I'm gonna' crash here, so do whatever you want. If you call the cops, I'll slit your throat and make a run for it so don't even try." Dean growled out, and watched as Castiel nodded.
I love you
"The principal is the highest, right, Mrs. Billie Berry. She's also on the City Council." Anna mused, and the three of them exchanged a look.
"That's your dream, mother, not mine— did you even bother asking me, once in my life, what it was that
"So, you planning on going home or back to class?"
Castiel wanted to shout at him. To grab a book, and smack it across his handsome, chiseled face. To claw Lisa out of his lap and push her away. To tell Dean that he—
Castiel cursed his stars.
"Winchester."
"S'okay, Andrea and he are thinking about calling it quits anyway. She doesn't get him, man. My guy deserves better."
Thick, slender fingers threaded through Castiel's hair, simply brushing his scalp, and he felt his tears dampen the fabric of Dean's shirt.
"He said he never wants to see me again."
"Please, I—"
the first time in his life, he was once again reminded of just how capricious, selfish, and vile people became in the greed for power and respect. God, Castiel would rather lose all respect and power, than turn into such a horrible human being. He let his eyes roam out the window of Mrs. Berry's office.
The rest went silent, and Castiel studied Dean. Dean seemed to be uncertain. His passive, hooded eyes roamed across the floor, and for a moment, Castiel could see the regret and the contempt in his eyes. Unable to watch Dean like that, Castiel reached a hand out to Dean, and squeezed their palms together. Dean stared up at him, considering something. Castiel could see the gears crunching in his mind.
The kiss wasn't urgent or rushed in any way— but heated, simmering and threatening to teeter on the edge of something new, something the two of them had never done before, and yet, Castiel was ready, he had never been more ready before. He wanted it as it came, he didn't want to think, he didn't want to consider the consequences and he didn't want to wallow in doubt— he knew Dean would make him feel good, and that was all he needed.
Anna bid them goodbye, while Meg and Benny simply laughed, yelling out
"But you like it, don't you?" Dean growled, almost scornful, and dug his nails into Castiel's chest, watching as the man under him groaned and rocked on Dean's cock like a paid man-whore.
Castiel snorted, and let himself be pulled into a hug as Dean wrapped his arms around his waist, and pressed a kiss to his neck. Castiel felt his skin dot with a shiver at the touch of Dean's warm, gentle lips, and it seemed like Dean knew just what he was doing as he pressed another trail of kisses down Castiel's neck and shoulders, down to his collarbone.
Castiel smiled, and Dean felt his heart skip a beat as he loosened the tie on his uniform, rolled up his sleeves, and rummaged through the shelves.
Dean would have laughed. If he wasn't so stunned.
him. Occupying Dean's thoughts however, was what Castiel would consider a win in this unspoken charade of favours.
"You know, there's a reason I love torturing you, Novak. The look on your face? When you're being absolutely humiliated, absolutely suffering— it makes me feel so happy," He gave a content sigh, and Castiel remained silent, simply listening, "-here's what I want you to do."
As quietly as he could, Castiel tiptoed his way up the flight of stairs leading to Dean's room. He was careful enough to not make a sound as he climbed up, only pausing when he had reached the door to Dean's bedroom. With a deep breath, Castiel clicked the door open in the slightest, and glanced inside for a glimpse of Dean. Dean, as Castiel discovered, lay on his side passively staring at a wall, awake but unmoving. He seemed too engrossed in his own thoughts, and Castiel felt guilty for ever letting things get to a point where Dean would be hurt. Castiel slipped into the room, and made sure to press back to the wall so as to not alert Dean.
"Bobby?" Castiel gasped, eyes flickering from Dean to Bobby, since he probably didn't know Bobby was Dean's surrogate uncle. John and Bobby had been friends ever since they were in college, and it was Bobby who had recommended Dean to join the school he worked at.
Absently, Castiel reached a hand out to squeeze Dean's shoulder, not knowing if it would help or if Dean would brush it off. Surprisingly, Dean leaned into the touch, and his eyes fluttered shut as he breathed in a deep breath.
Warning: Mildly graphic rape threats ahead. Reader's discretion is advised.
"Oh," He feigned surprise, "-shit, my bad."
I am ashamed of how obsessed I am with this fic ahahaha. I was supposed to update this chapter on 20th, but I couldn't resist doing it earlier. Next update however, will be on 21st of February. Big things coming up for our boys. Stay tuned.
"Don't keep it in, Cas, let me hear em'."
"You won't ever leave, right?" Castiel asked, childish, as it may have been, round eyes peering up at Dean, who brushed some hair away from Castiel's forehead and sent him a vague smile.
Waking up was disconcerting. Having been used to sleeping alone and awaking to a cold, empty bed, Castiel faltered at the realisation of having Dean's legs entwined within his thighs, and Dean's chest pressed flush against his back, with the sound of his steady heartbeat thrumming in his chest. Perhaps, somewhere over the course of the night, they'd ended up tangled within each other, but Castiel wasn't complaining. In fact, with the way he'd been resting his head against Dean's arm for God knows how long, he didn't even have the right to complain. It took him a few seconds to compose himself, before the events of the night before came staggering back to him. He paused in his tracks, eyes wide and mouth hung open, as he recalled Dean's words, their confession, and the— the kiss. The kiss Castiel had so unabashedly stolen from Dean's lips.
Dean rubbed a hand across his face, and Bobby hummed in thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
A beat passed. Castiel sobbed with a hiccup. "I was scared."
"Please what, Cas?"
"Professor— please— your cock— I need it."
Dean slammed Castiel against the door of the bathroom, and crashed their lips together. Whatever Castiel had to say faded away on his tongue as he moaned, and wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, reciprocating so deliciously, as if he were made for Dean's touch and nothing else. The kiss was rough— with Dean biting at Castiel's bottom lip, and Castiel shoving his tongue against Dean's in the most inarticulate of ways. Spit drooled down their faces, they panted for breath, gulping and swallowing down each inch of each other's mouth like they were quenched.
"But Cas—"
"C. The answer is C."
I love you too baby
he cursed to himself, eyes wide as he flickered them between Anna and Castiel, as if caught guilty about something. But having his boyfriend and his ex-girlfriend in the same room, discussing about Dean and Anna's inappropriate texting habits was not something Dean had ever, ever expected to sit through. "And after we broke up, I got a text from Alastair with the exact same nudes. It was a blackmail."
"Still. I want to be with you always, Cas."
"If it isn't the wittle fag."
"Dean?"
Castiel sighed and fished his phone out of his pocket. He was going to leave, go home, and sleep. He didn't want to spend another minute here, especially since his fit with Dean had ruined his mood, and all he could do was cry, all he
TW: Blood, oral rape, violence.
A while later, Dean jumped off the bed and rummaged through his wardrobe to find a t-shirt for both Castiel and him, and Castiel took it as an opportunity to explore Dean's room. They usually spent time in Castiel's room, and in contrast to Castiel's bare and white room, Dean's was a controlled mess of a room. Band posters, stickers, piles of clothes, vinyl and tapes at the corner, books, anything and everything Dean owned was on display. Castiel grazed his hand down Dean's bookshelf, before gasping at the sight in front of him. Leaning back against the shelf, was a dusty but solid brown acoustic guitar, and Castiel turned back to face Dean with a wide-eyed, pleading look. It took Dean all of two seconds to catch on, and he simply shut Castiel out. "No, no, I'm not. Not at all. I haven't played in months, and no."
"It won't hurt any more, okay?" Dean whispered against his lips, and their foreheads pressed against each other as Dean rocked his hips, fucking up into Castiel's tiny, fluttering hole. Castiel clenched around his cock, and Dean soothed him, murmuring a string of assurances into his ear as Dean sought his own release inside Castiel's tight, teenage cunt.
"Of course not."
"Dean," Castiel said, and held his hand out for Dean to hold, "-let's go back."
Cas meant everything to Dean now.
"Thank you," Dean said in a breath, and couldn't believe for a moment that he'd said it, but it was too late to turn back, and Castiel's eyes had already lit up, but Dean simply turned away to avoid him.
Silence had settled between them for a few seconds, before Dean watched Castiel lean in, and press a kiss to his lips.
"Dean," Castiel gasped, "-make me feel good, baby, please—"
"She didn't want me with you. Said she'd consider me dead if I stepped a foot out."
Tears rose at the rim of Dean's eyes, and his gut seemed to drop as he saw a pair of guilty, pain-stricken blue eyes staring up at him from against the wall of Benny's farmhouse.
Dean looked excruciatingly hungry. Animalistic. Predatory. Like he wanted to rip Castiel apart in half. Castiel was down for it. He'd love to be ravished by Dean on any given day. It seemed today was his day. Dean gripped the edge of the desk to balance himself, as he pushed up to his feet, and locked eyes with Castiel. A beat passed between them, before Dean cleared his throat.
can be strong," Meg whispered, "—and uhm, at junior prom, Alastair he uhm, he— he—"
Next update date: 20th March.
"What? No, I— I didn't— I swear—"
His chest ached, but not in pain, in yearning.
If there was anything that had changed, it was the mood in the room. Naomi's presence had dwindled the comfort Dean had been basking in. Once again, he had started to doubt himself and be uncertain. And everyone seemed to have picked up on the mood, because Michael, who had been laughing a mere few seconds ago, had gone strangely silent.
"You're putting
Castiel watched, eyes teary, as Dean clapped Meg on the shoulder, and pulled away to rub a hand across his own face. Meg seemed
Alastair, who Dean found slouched against a counter feeling up a woman who tried to push him away.
"My, look what we found," Alastair laughed, baring his ugly, yellow teeth out, and Dean clenched his fist, already feeling exasperated at the sight of him, "—Winchester and the fag, with their clothes all rumpled. Is the nerd a good fuck, Winchester? Bet he is. Bet he's a screamer too. It's always the quiet ones."
"No," Castiel croaked out, ignoring the pounding of his heart, "-no, I don't."
"I— yes," She breathed out, and Dean stepped before her, letting her cower behind him as he stared down at Alastair.
The voice sounded too familiar to be comforting, which Castiel realised the moment he turned around. Of course, the only person with a deep voice, second to Castiel, had to be Dean Winchester.
"I am. I'm here for Dean."
"Bobby," Dean let out a dry chuckle, "—what world do you want to hide me from? A world where my mother died when I was four, or the world where my father gets drunk off his ass and beats me up every week? Or the world where I have to work to my bone at dad's garage to make money for myself and Sam? What world do you want to hide me from?"
"Anything you want, baby."
A smile spread across Meg's face, and Castiel rubbed a hand over her shoulder, before letting it fall away, eyes travelling blankly over the space between them. Meg sniffled, and settled back against the couch, rubbing her hands over her face to compose herself.
"No, I mean… " Meg chimed in, "-what happened on Friday, I know what it was. After that, how have you been?"
"I'm better than a stripper. Or so I've been told."
"I dare you to give Winchester a lap-dance. Bet you'll chicken out in a second flat."
"I'm sorry for leaving in the first place."
. Castiel arched off the wall, grinding his ass down to lather his insides with Dean's fresh, hot, come, and Dean almost groaned at the feeling of having Castiel's ass use his cock. Loud, filthy squelches filled the air as Castiel kept fucking himself on Dean's spent cock. It was quick, dirty, fast, and every thing Dean could ever imagine.
Castiel chuckled. Something about how Dean's eyes gleamed in the sunlight had him entranced for a moment, and he couldn't help but stare at Dean. "I don't think you are."
"At least they'll give people confidence to say things, yea?"
"I know it's too early to think about but—" Castiel paused, and let his eyes scan the rest of his room in bids to not meet Dean's eye, "—do you have anything in mind for the future? I mean, senior year is ending in a while, we have colleges to apply to. Things are gonna' get crazy for a while. Would you still be with me?"
Castiel watched, silent and observant, as Dean settled the guitar onto his thigh, and brushed his fingers down the strings hesitantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Is it about Friday?" Mr. Singer asked in the softest voice, and Castiel snapped his eyes up to gape at him. He glanced at Meg for a moment, before turning back to Mr. Singer.
"—no, I'm alright," Castiel sighed into the headset, "—yes, keep going. I see a new route open—"
Castiel turned to him, incredulous and flustered, before turning his eyes away, towards the rest of the group. "Erm," He started, "—Dean and I will be leaving now. We'll talk to Sam about the website. See you guys on Monday."
Oh, right, and Dean had the nasty, purple bruise on his face that his father gave him. And Castiel had helped him cover it. Was that when Dean noticed the kit? Hm.
Castiel sat at his desk in the first row, nibbling at a pen between his fat, pink lips, eyes tracking the way Dean paced from one end of the room to the other, his voice resounding through the speakers at the very top of the classroom, where he continued to ramble about Vonnegut. Inside Castiel, something shifted in his gut, and he clenched his hole, mouth dropping open as he felt the large, cock-shaped plug thrust into his prostate. Dean's come, fresh from the morning when Castiel had woken him up and bounced on his cock, squirmed inside Castiel's stomach.
"Of course I am," Dean hissed, "-don't want people to think I slept with a cocksucker."
did not watch it. Castiel saw right through him, but went along with it anyway.
"God, I wish I'm not dreaming."
"What can I say Bobby, I'm amazing," Dean quipped, earning himself a dry glare from Bobby.
"Never, Cas."
"How did things go? With you and Novak, I mean." An expectant gleam shone in Benny's eyes, even under the dim, neon lights, and Dean wondered, almost sardonically, how things would have turned out between Castiel and him if he had even half of the hope in himself that Benny had in him.
, Dean wondered as he felt his lips quiver,
"Let's go do those
"You brought these here so I could study sooner?"
"I love you."
"How old are you?"
Mrs. Berry seemed unconvinced.
Silence settled between them for a moment, before Dean sighed, "-you don't want me here, do you?"
"In love, I mean. Could it be that Winchester here went ahead and found himself a girlfriend?"
"Deal."
"It's Castiel," Dean panted after a few moments, once they were outside the farmhouse, on the porch where Castiel had turned his back to Dean not more than a few minutes ago, "-Alastair he— Alastair has him, Benny he's going to—"
"Mhm?"
Dean raised an eye brow. "Look Novak, I don't know what the fuck you smoked before you came in here, but have you heard yourself? You want me to fuck you? Novak, I'm straight. And even if I wasn't, I barely know you. Also, do you realize how insanely stupid and random this is?"
Mr. Singer nodded, and helped Castiel sit up. He stepped off the small bed, and allowed Mr. Singer to help him out of the room. Alex smiled, and told him to take it easy and not exert himself. She also issued him a note, and told him to come back down if he felt weak. After bidding her goodbye, Mr. Singer and Castiel made their way up the staircase, until at last, they reached Castiel's classroom. But Castiel didn't enter just yet. He and Mr. Singer lingered out the door for a few seconds, simply waiting.
"Dean."
Castiel smiled, and let his fingers play with Dean's hair, curling them and brushing them as Dean rucked his shirt up to his chest, and kissed his navel.
Like Meg, Castiel felt himself fall victim to his anxiousness. He fidgeted with the hem of his shirt, and pressed his legs together. He didn't mean to, but his shoulders tensed up, and he realized he was being too silent. Meg wasn't saying much at all— her eyes were glued to the ground and Castiel knew just why. Opening up to a stranger, an adult at that, was
Castiel begged himself,
Dean was angry— but more than that, he felt pain.
. Castiel raised an eye brow at him, and Dean shook his head slightly.
And before Castiel knew it, he felt the pressure of his orgasm spearing through his cock, and he came with a loud cry of Dean's name and Dean's lips on his shoulder. "That's my good boy," Dean cooed, and pulled out of Castiel's ass.
When he shut his eyes, he could still feel it on his skin.
Both Meg and Castiel nodded, and rose up from their seats.
Look, Castiel knew Dean had given Bobby an overview of what had happened, but he never expected him to reveal it down to it's detail. And if Bobby knew about the rape already, why hadn't he asked Castiel before? On Thursday or Friday? Why had he remained quiet and acted as if it didn't matter. Castiel knew Mr. Singer was one of his most respected teachers, and Mr. Singer himself knew that.
"Did you stay up late for these too?"
Before he could move however, Castiel was yanking him down in a tight, crushing koala hug, with his thighs and arms wrapped around Dean, not allowing Dean a fraction of mobility, and he couldn't help but yelp as they crashed to the floor.
But then again. It was his fault.
A wave of warmth had coursed through Castiel at the sight of his parents talking to him, talking about him, asking up on him— and he had let himself go. Castiel had spent another hour speaking about Dean, about how he had a difficult childhood, and yet, how he managed to be so kind, so loving, so gentle. And Castiel had talked about how Dean was his first friend, his very first best friend, how he and Dean had no secrets, how Dean was a smart, bright boy. Castiel had even mentioned how Dean loved classic rock, and his father had perked up, hitting Castiel with
"That's alright. Dr. Sunders, this is Dean, my boyfriend."
Dean in that moment, nevertheless, he rolled his eyes, and slapped the workbook against his face, trying to suppress the heat rising at his cheeks. Dean didn't budge, simply tossed the workbook aside, and took another drag of his cigarette. It was strange watching someone smoke from up close, but with the intensity in Dean's eyes, it seemed too natural for him, as if he'd been doing it for ages.
He had
Nothing could have prepared Dean for what followed.
"All yours."
Benny rubbed a hand over his palm, and shifted back in his seat, fidgeting with his hands for a moment before turning back to Dean. "The other day, on Friday, when I took Cas home, I helped him settle down. Water, some food, but he didn't eat much. I helped him change his clothes, y'know, they were torn everywhere, and erm," Guilt flashed in Benny's eyes, and Dean felt his breath hitch at whatever Benny was going to say—
"So I'll see you Thursday, and oh, I've got your number, I'll text you, okay? And let me know if you need anything. Maybe there's something you can't ask Dean, I could help you with it." She smiled, and Castiel walked her to the door.
"Alastair, let go of me—"
A strong hand gripped his jaw and thick, slender fingers dug into his skin, almost leaving a bruise, compelling him to look up. It was Alastair, and his face had inched closer to Castiel's, so close Castiel could smell his stale, disgusting breath, and he winced at the pain stinging his skin.
"Oh?" Alastair cocked a brow, a challenge evident in his eyes, "-is he yours then? Are you a fag too, Winchester? God, have you been one this whole time?"
Dean groaned, and ripped one of the packets open. Castiel watched, awestruck, at how Dean sucked in a breath through his teeth, and jacked off his own cock for a moment before slipping the condom on. And when he finally turned back to Castiel again, he was smirking slightly. "You liked watching me, didn't you."
Castiel squirmed away, trying to swat at their hands with a slurred
Castiel hopped off the bed, and Dean sprang up to help him down. It irked Castiel for a moment, that Dean was being a wee bit
"Okay, Bobby," Dean nodded. His eyes roamed across the mess of binders on his desk, before settling on a picture frame at the corner— it was John, Mary, Ellen and Bobby, along with Dean, who was simply two years old and sitting on Bobby's shoulders with a broad grin on his face.
we talk to Berry. Otherwise, it wouldn't be as threatening to them as it should be. And we need someone to lead us. Without a leader, there will be no order." She sighed, and let her eyes wander across the rest of them.
"You heard me, ma'am. Do you need me to repeat it?"
"Another fight?" Castiel asked, as if exasperated, and his shoulders drooped as he moved aside to let Dean in. Dean swallowed nervously, and followed him inside wordlessly.
"Daddy, harder— please—"
"Physical Graffiti is
"Mrs. Novak, please, a small gift from me." Dean held the gift-basket out for Naomi, who paused and studied the basket, before turning her gaze up to Dean. She was quite tall for a woman, but shorter than Dean who had touched the six-foot mark already. A ghost of a smile lingered at her lips as she accepted the basket.
"And I'm his friend." Dean growled, but in hindsight, what he failed to realise was the way Castiel stared up at him, disappointed and weary. But Dean had been wound up now, there was no going back without a bang.
, this was wrong, this was so, so, wrong. The boy was just seventeen, for fuck sake, and Dean was nearing twenty-six, there was a stark gap in their age, which God, Dean shouldn't have found hot. The boy was inexplicably gorgeous, and begging for a cock in his pussy, shit, how could Dean keep holding back?
for Castiel. But what he didn't know, was that Castiel was
Silence followed Dean's words for a few seconds, before Bobby sucked in a breath, and his face flashed with regret.
he was. Calm, bright, steady— he was everything Dean had ever needed, would ever need. He was everything and so much more. For him, Dean realised, he would change. He would give up anything and everything Castiel hated, and he would try to be the man Castiel deserved.
Their last lecture for the day, a free period where they were allowed to do whatever they pleased, Dean missed Castiel the most. Somehow, he found himself standing on the terrace, the one where he and Castiel often listened to music alone.
Dean wondered how long until he scared
Castiel had found the perfect book in the library for Dean. He had told Castiel once, that he was a fan of Vonnegut, and that he had been wanting to re-read Slaughterhouse Five, but back then, the book had been issued to someone else. It was a Friday, anyway, which meant Dean could finish the book over the weekend. The moment Castiel had found it sitting vacant at the issue counter, he'd used up his coupon to issue it for Dean. Dean would be so happy, Castiel thought, and made his way back to the classroom, where they had a recreational lecture to relax and let loose.
"I won't. I won't call the cops. Don't hurt me. Please?" He asked, voice barely a whisper, and with those wide, cerulean eyes gazing into his, all puppy-eyed and pleading, Dean couldn't even bother lying.
Mr. Singer hummed with a quirk of his lips, and glanced down at his wristwatch.
Meg snapped her eyes up to look at Dean, before turning to Castiel.
Naomi gasped at Dean's tone, but refrained from commenting. Michael, a silent spectator so far, decided to continue being silent, never saying a word back to his wife.
"Fuck," Dean hissed, and his hazy, apple-green eyes stared up at Castiel, who panted in Dean's lap— trying to regain his breath.
"So," Mr. Singer started, "—I want you to know that I'm not to be mentioned in this at all, under any circumstance. I'm going to give you the information you need, but if anyone of you opens your fat mouth and says I helped you, I'm gonna' fail you on Calculus. Deal?"
Unable to say another word, Castiel only held onto Dean tighter.
He never should have left Castiel alone. Drunk, slurring, dazed— how could he have been so
Silence lingered between them, before Castiel sucked in a deep breath, and fluttered his eyes up to meet Dean's.
"So messy, professor," he hummed, as he felt Dean pick him up and set him down on the desk.
Castiel trembled for a moment, before leaning his face into Dean's hand, rubbing his cheek against Dean's palm. Dean crouched down until his face was an inch away from Castiel's, and curled his hand around Castiel's jaw, eyes tracking every single bruise on his once radiant face.
"Sorry, I don't speak fag."
"I have known Castiel for a lifetime—"
"We wanted to apologize."
Maybe it was an act. Maybe Castiel was just trying to score brownie points with Dean, in hopes that Dean would suddenly undergo a change of heart and delete the pictures from his phone. But he wouldn't. He realised just why Castiel was being so kind to him. It had to be an act.
"I guess," He trailed off, and Castiel watched as his thick fingers dealt with the cotton ball delicately, soaking it with disinfectant, and bringing it up to Castiel's face. He slowly dabbed it against a bruise under his eye, and Castiel stared down at Dean, who on the other hand, was fixated on the bruise.
Dean was silent. Not a single word slipped past his lips as he turned on his heel and walked away, just like that. A second later, however, Castiel felt him pause a few feet away. Waiting.
"No. I'm not mad at you."
"Alright, class, pens out, let's get some notes down," Ms. Barnes said at last, and Castiel let his eyes wander over to her, blinking back the urge to cry. Absently, his eyes wandered down to his wrist, and he rubbed the sleeve of his uniform over his pulse, before glancing back up at Ms. Barnes.
Right, and Castiel didn't want to be a bother to Dean.
Over the course of his long, decade-spanning career as a sales professional, and now, at the age of thirty-four, the youngest President Sandover Inc. had ever seen, there were a rare few moments where people ended up fazing Dean. As a people's person, he had always been able to identify someone and guess their mental reasoning, which was the basis of why he was as good as he was at his job. A few boyish grins here, a few warm informalities once in a while, a few compliments and attention to detail, and Dean knew he had his client wrapped around his finger.
and Dean could do nothing but watch as Castiel broke down, spit drooling down his chin, tears streaming down his face, and his voice growing hoarse each minute.
Without another word, Dean slipped back into his seat, pointedly avoiding Castiel's eyes, and Castiel noticed how being with Alastair had caused him to shift his demeanor so quickly. From soft and funny to cold and brutish.
Dean's face faltered, and his mouth dropped open as if to defend himself, but the words never came.
It didn't take Castiel more than a second to give his consent as he nodded, and shoved Dean's face lower between his thighs. Instead of going to town but, Dean simply stared at his hole for a good, solid few seconds, and it flustered Castiel to know Dean was simply studying him.
Castiel looked up to meet Dean's eyes, and he couldn't help the heat that crawled under his skin as he groaned, "-I look so bad in it."
Finally we see Dean confronting Castiel's mother.
music? If so, then yes."
It was strange to admit, but Castiel couldn't get enough of Dean's possessive side. It was the thrill of knowing Dean was ever-so-slightly obsessed with him, and that Castiel, to his credit, was somewhat obsessed with Dean too, that had Castiel's gut tightening with arousal. Dean didn't show it that often, at least not in front of Castiel himself, but the traces of it that bled into their conversations, they were enough to get Castiel's heart racing.
Dean's hands in Castiel's hair must have hurt—
"Good boy, my sweetest boy,
Two days later, he posted a picture of himself. Not his face, simply his chest in a button-up shirt, with his suspenders still on his shoulder, but a few buttons at the top were unbuttoned. He'd considered tossing his phone into the nearest sea, and never looking back, but hours later, when he finally mustered up the courage to read the comments on his picture— his jaw dropped to the floor.
"The table's been set. Let's head on down."
"Very much, sweetheart, it's cute as fuck." Dean let his eyes trail over the fort— comfy, airy, convenient and cosy. Distantly, he could recall a time, quite a few years ago, when Sammy was around six years old, and he was ten, where they would build blanket forts in their bedroom and spend hours reading DC Comics, watching movies, playing board games— and when dad would come home from work, they would giggle and invite him in. Dad hadn't always been cold to them. Dean remembered the way he would hand both Sam and him a handful of candies, and they'd eat them all in their pillow fort.
A beat passed.
Should Dean have stayed? Should he have grabbed Castiel and told him he wasn't leaving? And that he would always be there for Cas, whenever he needed Dean, that he wouldn't let a single thing hurt him? That he would always think Castiel was the most beautiful thing in existence, and that nothing would ever change his mind? Or how every single night, he prayed silently for Castiel to be happy, or how he would love to listen to Castiel sing along to Metallica for the rest of his life, even if Castiel sang it completely off-pitch and toneless, or that he would stand up for Castiel, that he would rip apart every single thing that ever bothered Castiel?
"I think I'm adorable."
He could barely manage to keep it in for a day, and to live with something like that for a whole year, to pretend you're okay, and that you're not hurting, to pretend you're fine and to come to school and see the face of the very person who ruined you— Meg was strong. She was brave, fearless and everything Castiel wished he was.
"Just close them."
Castiel's mouth hung apart— confused, hesitant, incredulous.
"Son, I don't think you can do anything to change that. Just be with him, hold his hand, and don't let it go. Stay with him, for as long as you can. Don't be the one he wants, be the one he needs. If you're right, and if those brutish men really did do that to Castiel, my god," Bobby rubbed his eyes, "—I can't imagine the pain Castiel must be in. Do his parents know?"
"Only you would worry about a scratch on my face when your own is covered in bruises, Cas," Dean whispered, and watched as Castiel's eyes softened. A pink blush spread across his face, up to the tips of his ears, and he looked away from Dean, fidgeting with the hem of his black, threadbare t-shirt.
And strangely enough, Cas was
"Sam, could you open the door? I don't want to ring the buzzer and disturb your father."
"Here," Castiel said, and rubbed some ointment over his cheekbone. The gel was cold but soothing, and Dean furrowed his eyebrows at the sting of the bruise. Something lay over his skin, and he opened his eyes to find Castiel focused on to his cheek, pressing a bandaid onto the bruise, "-I don't know if this will help at all, but something's better than nothing."
Dean paused at that. "Did you not want to?"
, Dean was only human. How could he resist Castiel's ass when it looked like one of the juiciest peaches he'd ever seen?
"But, I am being honest with you."
Maybe it was time to move on.
Which is why he let out a soft sigh, before setting his phone down on the lid of the toiletseat, and starting the video recording. He unbuckled his zipper, pushing his uniform trousers down until they pooled at his ankles, and bent over the wall, sticking his plump, jutting ass out and reaching back to spread it open, revealing to the camera the tiny, green plug nestled in his glistening, pink hole.
"We're gonna' need a teacher on our side too, it will never work out unless we do."
Silence settled between them as Dean gazed into Castiel's eyes.
Dean chuckled. Dry, pathetic, hysterical.
, but the second he caught a trace of the voice on the other end, he felt his gut tighten.
Castiel and Dean glanced at each other before breaking into a smile.
Castiel stared at Dean. Dean stared at Castiel.
his mother had said to him once, when he'd ended up in a bicycle accident with his foot fractured,
And Castiel didn't even need to be told, because he was mumbling a string of
"You'll be too late."
"I'm not joking, please, just Cas, why won't you—"
"My account on OnlyPics," Castiel started, and felt Dean's eyes glance at him from the side, "—I never meant to start an account. I found the app by coincidence, and I got obsessed with it. Maybe it's this, no-strings-attached validation that it gives me, but—" Tears stung Castiel's eyes as he stared out the window, "-but I just wanted to be noticed. To— to be important to someone. My parents they, they try to care, but they don't. I don't have any friends, and at this point, I'm too tired to make any. But sometimes, just sometimes, it feels good, when people— when people
"—and I made sure to humiliate him in every way possible. It was pathetic, honestly, how much we hated each other. I made him cry too," Dean sighed, "—but then I guess, things just sorted themselves out. I found out Castiel was a Zeppelin fan, that sealed the deal for me, honestly. Plus, come on, he's cute as fuck, and anybody who thinks otherwise clearly doesn't have eyes."
"About what's been bothering you?"
"Cas."
What a sight he was. Castiel Novak, class nerd, with his ass spread on camera, asshole fluttering with excitement.
"Must be one helluva' friend. Do I know him? Or her?"
Before Castiel could correct him, Dean was yanking an earphone out of his ear, and plugging it into his own ear.
"Mhm, hell yeah."
, Dean just knew he was a slut. A slut who would take anyone's cock with his legs spread open.
"The children here, all rich, spoiled brats, they have nothing to lose. Nothing to be scared of. But I did. I realised, either you merged into the scene, or they tormented you for as long as they could. Alastair, I mean. I noticed how he treated the outcasts. How he treats you. I didn't want to be treated that way, and so I thought— If I don't want to be the one getting tortured, the only option I have is to
At this point, he didn't know who needed to be held more— Castiel or himself?
Their eyes met for a short, heavy moment as the two of them panted for breath. Castiel eyed the finger before leaning in and sucking Dean's come clean from his finger.
"Huh?"
Dean snapped his hips into Castiel one last time, deep and hard, and came. Inside him, Castiel felt Dean's come bloating up the condom with his thick, warm, and heavy release. They stayed like that for a moment, simply breathing in each other's breath, resting their face against each other, before Dean pulled out, slow and steady. Castiel felt his hole begin to tighten as Dean backed out of it, inch by inch. Castiel squeezed his legs shut once Dean was out, and watched as Dean tied up the condom and tossed it into a bin beside the bed.
Mr. Singer smiled. "And thank you, Mr. Novak, for deciding to stand up to the injustice around you. Not a lot of people would be as brave as you are."
, and turn back to the screen.
(See the end of the chapter for
, he really shouldn't have, because Dean was two seconds away from losing his conscience, and Castiel absently biting down into his plump, wet bottom lip was
A loud cough a few feet away brought Dean staggering back to the present, and he glanced up to find the librarian, Mrs. Mosely, staring down at him with a sassy look in her eyes.
Castiel grit his teeth. Every ounce of regret inside him had now laced with anger— sheer rage, and he locked his jaw with a gulp. He realised, never before had he despised Dean as much as he did now. Class rivals or not, Dean had always been someone Castiel thought would stay away from him, but here he is, right between Castiel's thighs,
"Dean I— I'm so sorry— I stayed up late to finish it, but I must have been too tired and, I'm sorry," He mumbled, and hung his head, lips trembling, "—I won't do it again, I'm sorry—"
Dean grumbled, and sat up, rubbing his groggy eyes with his clean hand, reaching to the side to wipe his hand on a tissue at the sidetable. He swung the covers off his body, and walked out into the shower, already feeling his dick harden again. Fuck high libido, man, fuck puberty in general. Cursing to himself, Dean hopped into the shower, and stepped out exactly fifteen minutes later with his hair washed, teeth brushed, and face glowing. He felt good, and a glance at the clock showed him it was somewhere around eight in the morning. He ambled down into the kitchen and fired up the stove, grabbing himself some coffee from the Keurig before grabbing a few eggs from the fridge. Sam would be up soon, and he'd need his veggie breakfast (eugh) before he went off cycling around the neighborhood with his friends.
Both of them had gotten quite close the past few days. To the point where touching became almost casual, and the teasing was a regular part of their conversation. Castiel wouldn't admit it out loud, but Dean's cockiness was somehow attractive, and he'd some times find himself flustered at the things Dean would say.
"The calculus homework? You messed it up on purpose, didn't you?"
Before shoving Dean away.
Mr. Singer faltered, and he was struggling to speak, when at once, he shut his eyes, and rubbed his hands over his face.
"Maybe not now, but some day, if I ever struggle too much, I'll start therapy, okay?"
Castiel couldn't even help the wet laugh that rumbled past his lips.
His fingers tapped on Castiel's name before he could even reconsider, and Castiel picked up on the second ring.
"Want more?" the man growled, and Castiel whimpered softly, hoping not to attract any attention towards them— but it was a lie. Oh, how Castiel wished everyone would watch him be fucked by a stranger's hand, how he spread his legs open for a stranger like a dirty little whore.
"You know I've been reading up on some things about people who, erm, people who, people who went through the same thing you did—" Dean started, and Castiel noted how his voice dropped, "—and they said, most of them at least, said therapy helps. I mean," Dean looked up at Castiel, and in his eyes, Cas could see resolution, "—you're rich, Cas, you can afford a good shrink. Maybe talking about it will help you. Even if it helps in the slightest, it's better than nothing, don't you think?"
"Me too," Castiel whispered, and crumpled the front of Dean's shirt in his hand as he tugged Dean down for a long, wet kiss. It felt magical, and cheesy as it may have been, time seemed to stop for a few seconds as they kissed, their hands still wrapped around each other. It made Castiel realise once again, how much Dean meant to him, and how he craved to be with Dean always. Their eyes met, and Dean's bright green eyes regarded him with a strangely fond expression as they dived in for another, brief kiss. Castiel pulled away first, and Dean groaned in protest, only causing Castiel to chuckle and push him away.
The air around them changed, more charged, more intense now, and Castiel almost felt a lump rising at the back of his throat.
"P-please, j—just—"
"Cas, I, I'm in love with you, s'what I'm tryna' say."
would anyone like a pen? Dean knew Castiel was trying to seduce him, the fag that he was, Dean knew very well how Castiel must have fucked his fingers thinking of Dean's words. He knew Castiel must be thinking that Dean had misunderstood him, when in fact, Dean had figured him out the moment he'd first spoken to him on the restricted area of the school.
"Mr. Singer, we had something to talk to you about. It's a somewhat long discussion, is now a good time?"
Dean was straight, he always had been. Girls, smoking, booze, cars, rock music, sexual humour, charming grins— the perfect, (unfortunately heterosexual) bad boy of Lawrence High. But he was so much more than what he showed others. If they were to study Dean, they'd find a boy, scared, hopeful, kind, gentle— trying to hold onto people, trying to make them feel the love he never got to feel. A strong, supportive big brother, a patient, selfless son. And most of all, a friend. Cocky, arrogant, smug— of course, Dean would never be able to change that, and Castiel never wanted him to, it was an attractive arrogance of knowing what he was worth, and yet, under that facade, was just a boy trying to find someone to understand him.
Dean wanted to say, but instead, "—dating anyone?"
How he wished he could turn time back.
A soft sigh slipped past Dean's lips. He pushed his jacket down and let it fall to the ground. With soft, focused steps, he walked over to where Castiel lay, and carefully slipped onto the bed next to him. "Cas," He whispered, and brushed his finger over Castiel's jaw to turn his chin to the side.
"You fucking brat," Dean growled, right against Castiel's ear as he yanked his head up by a fistful of hair, "—all you think about is yourself. Don't you think you should be begging for daddy's cock the moment he gets home?"
"Mr. Singer wants me to re-do it," He said after a moment, and Castiel blinked his teary eyes up to look at Dean, who pushed himself off the couch, and turned around to meet Castiel's eyes, "-you know what that means?"
a man so bad before.
"Good night, Dean," Castiel whispered, and it took Dean a solid few seconds to compose himself.
Castiel's eyes wandered down to the floor as he fidgeted with the hem of his cardigan, an action Dean had noticed Castiel do every time he was nervous, "-well, I had to, I mean, but I swear, there's no mistake, not in a single one—"
"—He should be brave, righteous. Someone who understands people, makes them feel loved. I want him to lean on me sometimes, when things are too hard for him. I like honest people. And I like men who aren't afraid to be vulnerable."
Dean nodded, although absently, as he reached down into his pocket and swiped through his phone, staring wistfully down at the picture of Castiel laughing. It didn't fail to put a smile on his face, and he rubbed a thumb over Castiel's face on the screen. If Benny was being honest, and then again, he had no reason to lie, had Castiel really— had Dean been too late? Was what Dean saw not all? Had there been something more? There had been quite a gap between Castiel's call and Dean finding Castiel on Friday, had things escalated quicker than he expected them to?
The realisation of
"God, Cas, you're so tight—" Dean whispered, and Castiel clenched his hole around Dean's cock. Not a second after, Dean let out what had to be one of his loudest groans, and Castiel felt his pace stagger. Dean opened his eyes and caught Castiel staring, only to dive down into a kiss.
The smile curling at Castiel's mouth vanished the moment he noticed a text from Sam.
"And what'd you say?"
"What can I say? It's not everyday that I see such bright-minded men walk into my room." He sneered, and watched Castiel lean back in his chair.
once again.
"Didn't he tell you? I thought you guys were together."
"Well, I usually take a smoke after school, but I saw you sneak in here, so I thought I'd come with you." He answered, and Castiel hummed with a roll of his eyes.
"Dean," Castiel said quietly, as if waiting for Dean to say something.
"How'd you guys even get together? Didn't you hate each other or something?" Meg snorted, and reached for some ice-cream.
Meg's eyes lit up.
In a fit of rage, Dean punched his fist into the locker beside him, and heard as the metal rattled under his fingers. Behind him, Castiel let go of Dean's shoulders, and watched Dean with a dim, dejected expression in his eyes.
Castiel swallowed, and felt his shoulders tense up. Dean was here. Which meant there was a high chance of Castiel bumping into Dean. But on the bright side, the farmhouse was dim, only lit by coloured lights, which meant maybe Dean wouldn't recognise Castiel. And why did Dean tell Benny about the slap? Was Dean always this open with Benny? Or was he this open with all of his friends? Had Dean told Benny more about what happened between Castiel and Dean? Castiel hoped not. It would draw unnecessary attention towards them, and it was no secret that rumours flew faster than lightning at Lawrence High.
"Thank you." It was an odd thing to say, but hey, the entirety of this was an odd thing to do, but in that moment, with Dean grinning down at him so lewdly, it felt like the right thing to do.
"Of course," Castiel blushed, and turned his eyes away to hide his face.
Dean pulled away, and fixed everyone in the room a charming smile, "-thank you for being with us, gentlemen. It was a pleasure meeting you. I'm afraid Mr. Novak and I have some things to discuss in private. I hope to see you all again soon." And with a courteous nod, he held his hand out for Castiel, who stared at it for a moment, before slipping his own, warm calloused hand into Dean's.
Silence washed over them. Castiel hiccuped softly, trying to catch his breath as the tears in his eyes poured down his face and onto his thigh. He felt Dean drop to a crouch before him, and not a moment later, there were broad, gentle hands cradling his face. "I'm sorry for not answering. I was mad, Cas, I really was. And I was tired."
"Don't speak, don't move. If you try to talk, if you try to run, I'll slit your throat, and we're so fuckin' deep in the woods, ain't nobody's gonna' find your body if I dump it in there somewhere. Clear?" Dean growled, and stared into the boy's wide, round eyes. The boy nodded, and let out a whimper, which god-fucking-damn, went straight to Dean's cock.
"Sometimes," She gulped, "-when you've been through something terrible, it becomes easy to spot when someone else has."
"Oh, it's goin' to get a helluva lot messier in here, sweetheart."
Bile rose at the back of Dean's throat, paired with a
"Cas." Someone, no,
"What's wrong?" Castiel asked, eyes glinting with mischief, and
"I dated Alastair throughout junior year. I liked him, at first, y'know. He was badass, he was ruthless, he was—"
Once they'd resumed their breath, Dean zipped himself up, and helped Castiel into his clothes. They sat on the floor of the library huddled together. Dean laid his head against Castiel's chest, and Castiel ran a hand through his hair.
"I'm in love with you, Cas, and you better fuckin' accept that. I'm not playing, and I sure as hell don't have time to dance around the bush anymore. I just beat up three guys with my bare fists, got punched and scratched, had the shittiest night, and I'm not in the mood to keep counting rose petals about whether you love me or not. So please, I need an answer. Just a word, a sound, anything."
Castiel raised an eyebrow, hope flourishing through his glacial blue irises, "-hmm."
Was Dean kind? To Castiel? Well, that was for Cas to decide. Gentle? Up for Cas to decide. Smart? Eh. Funny? Somewhat.
"Unfortunately for you, I am," Dean sighed, and pressed a kiss to Castiel's hands on his face. Castiel snapped his hands away, and Dean tried to hold in a laugh.
"I—" Castiel flushed red, and Dean felt his skin raise with goosebumps, "-uhm."
"I love you, Dean. I really do. I keep thinking of what we used to be, you know. Back at the terrace, listening to music, talking, laughing. Things were great. And then Alastair—" Castiel swallowed, unable to say the word lingering at his tongue.
"Thank you, Dean."
Kneeling against a wall, his black turtleneck torn from the shoulder down, and his grey trousers unbuckled and unzipped, was Castiel, with Alistair pressing his crotch into his face. Even from a distance Dean could see clearly, the exhausted helplessness spread across his pale, glowing face, which was stained with fresh, blue bruises at the cheekbones and at his jaw.
"It's okay, we don't have to psychoanalyse each other, okay? Let's just eat some fucking ice-cream and do shitty teenager things. We'll be in a better place in ten years, who knows."
Castiel whimpered, and raised his ass higher till it brushed right over Dean's cock. Dean grabbed him by his hips, and pressed his large, aching cock against Castiel's tiny, slick hole. With one hand on Castiel's hips and the other guiding his cock inside, Dean sunk into Castiel. Sinking into Castiel's tight, wet heat, and the feeling of holding onto his peachy, ripe ass when fucking into him was a luxury Dean was blessed enough to experience every, single day. The slide of his cock inside Castiel, when he was down on his stomach, was something Dean would never give up for anything. Even when they had missionary, the grip of Dean's hands on Castiel's hips, the pressure of Castiel's legs around Dean's neck— it was nothing Dean had ever felt before. Pure, unadulterated ecstacy.
Castiel hummed, and sat up on the desk, folding one leg over the other as he swept his finger through the come stuck on the desk, and pushed it past his lips. Dean watched hungrily as Castiel swallowed his own come. Unable to keep his hands to himself, Dean brushed his fingers through Castiel's hair, and Castiel leaned into the touch so pliantly, it had Dean flushing with affection.
"Was that all you wanted to ask?"
"I thought you were on Alastair's team, Masters."
"Whatever you're having, just with some pie."
For a moment, he simply drank in the moment.
"You don't have to say it if it's too hard. We understand, Anna."
"It's true," Castiel added, "—Sam is one of the best students in his class, with the highest scores. A diamond waiting to be cut."
"Dean," Castiel whispered, trying to hide the trembling of his lips, "-I love you too. I never said it back last night."
"Please, Mr. Winchester, it's eleven in the morning, aren't you a little too stoked about drinking this early in the day? I've heard day-drinking stems from immense stress. Sandover underpaying you for working overtime?"
Castiel sat still for a moment, simply gaping at the business card in his hands. He felt his throat tighten at Dr. Sunders' kindness, and in a soft, low whisper, wished her a
This fanfiction is very dear to me, so there is absolutely no chance of me abandoning it or leaving it incomplete, however, I will need some time as personal life is getting intense.
Dean snapped out of his thoughts, and sent Castiel a vague, half-hearted smile.
But then again, Dean was wary. Was the boy alone? And if yes, what was he even doing out in the woods, all-alone, surrounded by nothing but the silent, eerie woods? And if not, who was with him? Where were they?
Benny froze at that, much to Dean's surprise, and his eyes flew wide.
"Last year," Anna started over, "—near the end of the semester, Alastair started texting me. We were paired up on a project in our biology class so we shared contact information. We started texting, it was alright. I knew he was dating Meg, so I didn't probe much. We talked a bit, and then I started dating Dean, which didn't last long, but you were a part of Alastair's gang," Dean's eyes stooped down to the floor in shame, and he felt Anna's gaze pierce through his skull. Castiel's eyes stared at Dean, and Dean could feel it. He just didn't know what it was within them. "—I erm, I— I don't think I should continue." Anna whispered, when a sharp voice came up from Castiel.
"You need a reason to be proud of your child?" Dean asked, almost dumbstruck, and all eyes on the table snapped to him.
"I hate meeting you like this." Dean whispered before a kiss, when Castiel pulled him in by the neck once again. And yet, in the back of his mind, he felt a pang of regret at Dean's words. He wasn't fond of their trysts at the library either, partly because convenient as they were, they left a gaping hole in Castiel's heart when they made him realise how all he could do to see the person he loved with his body and soul, was visit him a few times a month, illicitly at that. It was suffocating. The thrill of it had worn off, and Castiel would give anything to live a day where he could walk outside, hand in hand with Dean.
best. I mean, come on, Jimmy's riffs? In each song? Impeccable."
"Wait till I get you alone. You'll have to beg me to stop."
"And let me have my fucking beer, okay? Who do you think you are? My friend? My boyfriend?"
"Well, you bought me cheeseburgers. It couldn't have been better."
Silence infiltrated their conversation, until Dean sighed, and dropped down to the ground, huddling his knees to his chest as he rested his head against the tree. Benny dropped down next to him, and sat with his legs crossed, facing Dean with a fond smile on his face, which for the record, Dean hated seeing.
Dean lingered at the stairs for a few seconds, simply watching Castiel stare out into the sky.
"I, uh, I dated Alastair for about a year because I thought he was cool, and badass, and my type. And I thought he cared for me, but he didn't. I was naive, stupid, desperate. And the tipping point was at junior prom. Uhm—" Meg swallowed thickly.
Dean wanted to call out, to go after him, but a hand on his arm stopped him. He glanced up to find Michael shaking his head gently. Naomi seemed slightly ashamed, which surprised Dean, because honestly, who would've thought the bitch had feelings? But she buried her face in her palms, and Dean heard her let out a small sob. Michael made no move to console her, and Dean almost felt bad for her. Instead, he knew what he had to do.
Something inside Dean tugged at him for a moment, and he couldn't put a finger on what it was as he swallowed his words down.
Dean stared at Benny, eyes lighting up with enlightenment with each passing second as he let Benny's words soak into the depths of his mind.
Crying, Castiel stumbled into the classroom, and tried to school his appearance in front of the others, when at once, a hand clutched at his shoulder. It was Benny, Castiel's classmate, and Castiel sent him a vague smile.
"Yeah," Dean cleared his throat, still looking away, "—someone like you."
"Those are serious allegations, young man, do you understand the intensity of your words?"
damn hard to keep it in.
"Will there be booze?" Castiel sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Right, yeah—"
Castiel stared at Dean for a moment, before turning to Meg, "-that's exactly what we wanted to talk to him about. Dean, baby," Cas smiled, pulling a flustered Dean in for a kiss by the lapels of his jacket, "-thank you so much."
Dean seemed so invested in Meg's story. It was because it resembled his so closely.
Dean's eyes snapped over to see who it was. It was Anna Milton, a thin, scrawny red-head he had once had a fling with. But she was a good person, and Dean was glad she was standing up.
Dean was quiet for a long few minutes, and he'd gone oddly rigid. His hands had frozen, and his shoulders had become tensed as he stared passively at Castiel's stomach. Castiel couldn't find it in himself to speak, however, since he felt he would be breaking the glass-like silence between them. It wasn't until Dean turned his head up, that Castiel noticed the controlled horror glinting in his wide, ivy green eyes.
Because not only did most of their colleagues know that they were fucking in the bathroom, but also for one, glaringly obvious reason.
"Am I
Before he knew it, Dean was coming with a ferocious growl, and instead of pulling away, as Dean expected him to, Castiel sputtered some of his come out, eyes going wide, and swallowed the rest of it.
Next Update date is uncertain, but the update will surely be there. Sorry for leaving you guys hanging, and just as a side note, the next few chapters will really see the resolution of the Alastair/Castiel storyline, after which, the main focus will shift onto Cas/Dean's relationship. Thanks for bearing with me.
Meeting at the library had become one of their routines, since no one ever checked the corners of the library, it was too vast for that, neither did anybody frequent it on a Wednesday afternoon, leaving both men alone. Pretending both of them were strangers was easy. They would avoid each other's eyes, would avoid each other's paths, and would leave the library at different times, with different books, never the same.
Castiel grinned, hooking his arms around Dean and pulling him down in a tight hug.
Sob after sob.
"Now I want you to trust me, alright, baby, and I'm going to make sure you feel good, 'kay?" Dean's voice was soft, coaxing, and Castiel was answering in the blink of an eye.
Castiel left the room with a smirk, and as offended as Dean might have been with Castiel's taunt, he couldn't help but smile.
Novak did in his free time, they wouldn't be able to look him in the eye anymore.
The pictures he posted these days, however, were not as plain as they were before. With time, Castiel had become comfortable on OnlyPics, some may even say far
Castiel nodded, and turned away towards his house, only for a hand to grip his wrist, and he turned around to meet Dean's cold, inscrutable eyes.
"You tell your boyfriend not to come in for the week. Tell him to get as much rest as he can, kay?" Bobby sighed, and with one final clap to Dean's shoulder, rose up from beside him. "And don't worry about his absentee record, I've got connections. You just tell him to take some time off. And don't act like a fuckin' knucklehead with him, use your mind and control your anger, ya' idjit."
Tears stung Castiel's eyes, and the hair on the back of his neck rose as he thought of the next, plausible situation— a situation he could never fathom going through. A situation he would never even wish upon his staunchest enemies. A situation where Alastair ra—
"Are you blackmailing him?"
With a sigh, Dean sighed, and shut his eyes. The bed shifted next to him, and he wondered what Ca—
Castiel paused. "Because it's true. I always need someone to stand up for me. I'm weak, and I can't face the people who hurt me. Instead, I punch the people who try to protect me, and I hurt them and push them away—"
"Okay, shut up," Dean sighed, and slipped off the stool, obviously trying to stifle his smile, as he walked to the sink with his empty dish. Castiel followed after him, and they rinsed up the dishes in silence, before making their way into the bedroom again.
Castiel's eyes met his, and Dean tried to let the words in his mind come out of his throat, but they simply wouldn't, and all he could do was marvel at Castiel.
An unlikely tremble had made its way to Bobby's lips as he shook his head, and let out a deep sigh. He pulled away from the table, only to rub his hands over his face, as he tried to control his breath.
and pulling away.
"Good. I'll have the bottle." Castiel plucked the bottle ( Hennesy? Corona? He couldn't tell in the dark, not that he could tell the difference between either under normal circumstances), and grabbed an opener. He flicked the cap of the bottle, and flung his plastic cup away, pressing the bottle straight to his lips and guzzling down a mouthful of bitter, shitty beer.
A butter knife.
"Just the
"Truth is, I'm not. Absolutely not. Heck, I don't even know what love
She stared at him, faltering for a second as she heard her own words thrown back at her. She glanced at the group for a moment, her wide eyes studying them with intent, before she sighed, and pulled out a notepad.
Castiel to become his personal slave. It wasn't half as bad as Castiel assumed it would be. For starters, Dean never spoke to him in class, only taunts and insults, which Castiel was thankful for. After class, Dean would lay down a stack of notebooks and binders on Castiel's desk, and send him a charming grin, one that made Castiel want to rip his guts out, and the only instruction was
"I know. But not tonight. Tonight I need to be with you."
, I couldn't stand it. In the morning, when I talked about you, mom seemed so happy about it. And I thought, hey, you know what, maybe you could be the thing that brings my family closer to me— but I was wrong. I realised how selfish I was. I mean, fuck, how could I even think of giving you up for them. My family has never been close to me, and it never will. But that doesn't mean I'm allowed to hurt you or push you away. You are my family, Dean. And I don't want to lose you." Castiel let out a small breath, and felt Dean's thumbs wipe away the tears at his cheek.
Castiel snorted, obviously amused at the fact that Dean had changed his demeanor almost instantly, and that his voice had lost the bite it always had to it. His eyes roamed across Castiel's face, but Castiel knew he was listening to the music; that he was listening to the lyrics, he could read Dean's face like an open book.
"Cas—"
Dean to come back.
"Castiel loves me."
I miss you too, baby.
Dean squeezed into a t-shirt, and tossed one over to Castiel, pointedly ignoring Castiel, before giving in with a sigh, and walking over to the shelf. Their eyes met, and Castiel sent Dean a pleading look. Dean seemed to consider it for a few seconds, before groaning, and grabbing the guitar from beside the shelf. Castiel grinned, and led Dean over to the bed, where both of them sat down at the edge.
That only had Castiel laughing more, and he slapped a hand over his mouth to refrain his laughter, lest John hear it. But Dean pulled his hand away, and curled it around his head. "I like it when you laugh. Every time you laugh, I feel like I'm falling in love with you again."
Maybe he was sick. Maybe he was crazy.
"The more we stall talking to Berry, the more we lose out on time before Alastair is back. It's now or never," Castiel said, and turned back to the monitor. Another confession came in, and Castiel clicked on it to read it.
"I love you too, Cas, of course I do."
Castiel continued, barking and hissing into the headset as he stared at the screen, completely oblivious. Dean on the other hand, dug his knee into the couch beside Castiel's plump ass, and the other foot remained grounded on the floor as he grabbed Castiel's sharp hipbones with his rough, sweaty palms, and yanked Castiel's hips up.
Standing at the Novaks' door, Dean composed himself, trying his best to put on a smile but failing each time he was reminded of what Benny had said to him that morning. He rung the buzzer, and stepped back. The door opened a few seconds later, and who would greet him but Cas? And said Cas was clad in nothing but Dean's flannel t-shirt, which Dean remembered losing at Castiel's home on Saturday, and to match with the red shirt, a pair of short, black tights. And nothing else. He looked as tempting as he did adorable, and Dean burst into a smile on instinct.
"You're not going to— you're not going to stop me?"
"Of course, baby, anything you want."
"Great, come home safe. I'll handle dad."
Silence came oddly loud after that. Benny had gone quiet, seemingly drinking in Dean's words for a second. On his face, Dean could see doubts and questions, and yet, Benny didn't let a single one slip out as he staggered back a few steps.
"Tight cunt," the man panted into Castiel's ear, and Castiel realised, the man was touching himself, beating his large, red cock to the sound of Castiel moaning.
"There are things you don't know, Dean, things Meg and I talk about in private. And look, you're my boyfriend, I get it, and you're worried about me, but I can look out for myself, and for the first time in ages, I have a friend— please, just, don't take that away from me."
"Well, if you think I've changed my perception of you, you'll be happy to know that I haven't, and that I still think you're an asshole."
begging to me."
They parted a few moments later, and made their way back down to the library where Anna, Meg, and Benny had fallen into casual conversation. At the sight of Dean and Castiel, the three of them turned their eyes up. "Sorry about that," Castiel sighed, as he pulled out a seat for him and Dean.
Dean felt a smile curl at his lips, and he nodded.
"Why would you think that?"
"Cas," Dean breathed out, and walked over to Castiel, who leaned against the railing of the porch, "-please, I'm sorry, I just—"
"Dean, the bruise on your face the other day. It was your father, wasn't it?"
Another moan spilled past Castiel's lips, and he let his eyes roll to the back of his head as he arched his back into the man's disgustingly perverted touch. The hands at his cock slid to the waistband of his jeans on his back, and thick, long fingers dipped inside.
"Don't make me threaten you. Be ready at eight, Monday. I'll honk twice." With that, Dean turned away, and slipped into his car. Castiel watched him through the glass, before smiling and turning away, walking up the path to his house. At his porch, he paused and watched behind as Dean's car pulled out of his driveway and drove onto the street.
"Hey," Dean hissed, "—don't remind me. That was hot, so hot. God, I think I'm gay. Or bi. Or whatever. But you have to let me do it again, please."
"I'm sorry daddy," Castiel panted, rocking his hips back against Dean's fingers and fucking himself on them like a useless bitch, "—please, I need your cock, daddy, please fuck me, please—"
"See Novak," Dean chuckled, "—it's senior year. Stakes are high. I'm losing out on assignments, and I really can't afford that, y'know? So I thought, hey, why don't I just go ask the little fag in my class to do my work for me? But then I realized, you're not just a fag, you're also a fucking bitch, and that you'd never agree to help me out. So I had to do a little twisting here and there, and see? Now you can't refuse me."
"No, you haven't. Before we were friends, you were always so rude, and cold, and I know it had to do with erm," Castiel gulped, and felt his face drop, "-with Alastair, but the girls? The whole playboy thing, where you'd sleep with a new girl every week? What was that?"
The song came to an end, and Castiel scrolled through his playlist. Dean in the meanwhile, crushed the butt of his cigarette against the concrete floor, and turned to Castiel, who glanced up at him once before shaking his head.
Quietly, Dean waited for the boy to stand still against the counter, and snuck into the room. The boy made no effort to move, until at last, Dean creeped up right behind him, simply watching as the boy spread some peanut butter on a piece of toast, and brought the butter knife up to his mouth to lick it clean. Dean watched, entranced, as his pink tongue rolled around the knife, and swirled every last drop of it into his mouth, before he set it back on the table, and turned around.
"Eh, I don't even know if I'm applying." Dean said after a while. "I mean, I'm already eighteen. Once I graduate high school, I'm just gonna' join dad. Look, I love the work he does, okay? Cars, antique, classic cars— but I've got some large scale renovation ideas going on for that place. Maybe I'll broaden it out, get a few more people, shine up the place."
Finding clothes that would fit Dean proved to be much more taxing than Castiel thought, because the only pants he fit into were Castiel's old sweatpants that had gone too lose from being washed over and over again. Of course, Dean being Dean, and also a bitch, he decided to roam around Castiel's house shirtless. Whatever, Castiel was thankful for the eye candy.
Silence spread over the table as every one tracked Castiel. Around them, the music pounded on, loud and unending. Castiel turned around, grabbed a shot of tequila, and downed it in an instant before turning back to Dean.
Just like that, Castiel was falling back down on the bed, covered in semen and sweat, and Dean fell back down against him.
was a blow.
"Cas—" Dean said, his voice low and gentle, as he nudged Castiel away and guided him down to sit on the bed, "—how did you come here?"
Feeling risque, a bit aroused, since his parents weren't home yet, Castiel decided to click a picture, a more
Monday came soon enough, and Castiel and Meg were all jittery with the thought of having to open up to Mr. Singer. Sure, Dean had given him a background on what happened to Castiel, but saying it out loud himself— Castiel wasn't sure he was ready for that. And if the way Meg was pacing outside Mr. Singer's cabin during home room break was anything, she was just as nervous.
"I'm not picking a fight, Castiel," Naomi quipped, "—I'm merely empathising."
"On grounds of physical, mental, and verbal assault of students and minors. Emotional manipulation, blackmailing and threatening, cyber-bullying, and
"Shut up, I'm not kidding."
Something changed.
"Dean, Dean, Dean—" He started, cutting over whatever Dean had to say, trying to keep both of them calm, "-Meg isn't Alastair's girlfriend. She's his ex, okay? So don't call her that. And two, she's not a bully just because she hung out with Alastair.
can do a better job at keeping your son happier than you do—"
"Dude," Sam called out, "-how'd you end up with Cas?"
His voice was filled with sadistic pleasure.
, maybe?
A few choked groans slipped past Alastair's mouth as Dean let him go, and he dropped to the floor— like a bird with its wings clipped. Someone grabbed Dean from the back, it was Gordon, and his fingers dug into Dean's shoulders before moving up to his neck, and Dean grit his teeth together as he gripped the fingers on his neck, and snapped them to the side.
"I love you too, baby."
"Sure, you can call me naive, confused, or even disillusioned for saying that, but Dean is my present and my future. I want a place for him in my future, much more than I want for you. And he's right, mother. He was right, about every single thing he said. And I still shut him out, that was my fault. But I'm going over to make things right. Unlike you, I really do take responsibility for my mistakes."
"For a minute, I thought it was me too. I troubled a lot of people, Cas. I was a bully. And I'm sorry, I truly, deeply am. I'm trying to make things better, and I swear, I won't be the person I was before ever again. For you, Cas. For us. For our future."
He brought it to his lips and yet, he couldn't find it in himself to touch it.
"Good, I'd kill myself if you liked me."
"Lame, give me a valid reason."
"Fuck outta' here," Benny gasped, "—that ain't true."
An unexpected smile crept at Castiel's lips, and he nodded. Dean seemed mature then, with an odd, wise maturity Castiel never expected to see from Dean. They stood quiet for a moment, before Castiel turned away.
Castiel snorted. "I said,
Dean's fingers brushed against the bruise, light as a feather as he snapped his eyes up to meet Castiel's. "Benny," He whispered, and fished the keys to the Impala out of his pocket, "-drive Castiel home."
"Please do, Anna."
"And? We're alone now. What are you thinking?"
And so, for the second time in his life, Castiel Novak fell in love with Dean Winchester all over again.
Mr. Singer hummed, and leaned back in his chair. His eyes wandered along the room and Castiel could see he was engrossed in deep thought. His eyes settled on Meg for a moment, and he furrowed his eyebrows.
Castiel licked some ice-cream off his spoon, "-mhm, the thought did cross my mind an
Castiel and Meg were talking about some pop artist whose music had been blowing up, but then the four of them felt a figure approach them, and they looked up at who it was.
did it bite. Dean was rooted to the ground for a moment, unable to catch on to the backhanded comment, but when he did, he felt another pang of anxiety wash over him.
"I was a nobody," Meg started, and both Dean and Castiel turned to her, "-in junior year, I found a group of friends, if you can even call them friends, that is, since all they wanted from me was my father's money. But you know, I was so desperate to keep them with me that I kept up with all of their wants. After a while, they realised that money could only get them so much, so they moved onto chasing boys. Each of them was dating someone popular in senior year, but I had no one. And then there was Alastair."
The feigned innocence, the stuttering, the reluctance— Dean knew it was an act.
"Dean is in his room," Sam whispered, and Castiel smiled.
"I felt you follow me."
But then Castiel started bobbing. Slurping. Moaning. Licking.
"Come for me, baby, you were so good, so good for me. Let it all out, sweetheart," Castiel purred at Dean's ear, brushing his hand through Dean's hair to soothe him, when at last, he felt Dean's pace falter and he paused.
Castiel nodded, and rubbed at his eyes, breath shaky and hands trembling. Dean let out a loud sigh, and pressed a kiss to Castiel's head, before pulling away and gazing down at him.
"We need a protest. How about a peaceful protest? You know, like Gandhi said, truth and non-violence." Dean suggested, and Castiel quirked a lip. The others hummed.
"I think you dropped something, Mr. Novak."
"What a tight fucking cunt, made for my cock, weren't you baby?"
"Fliers, discussions. Look trust me, apart from Alastair and a select few people in our grade, nobody likes him. The plan is to create an anti-bullying club, form a class forum, and let people come forward with their statements. We can have some be anonymous as well." Castiel said, to which Dean hummed. They turned into the familiar lanes of Dean's neighborhood.
"Benny had a party, and Cas came over. We had a fight, he thought I didn't love him, he told me to leave so I left. I got this, I got this call, and it was Cas. I thought he wanted me back, Bobby, I was so happy, but then, then there was Alastair speaking, and the call ended, and Benny and I tried searching for Cas everywhere, Bobby, but when I did, it was too late. He was crying, Bobby, his clothes were torn, his face was swollen up— they beat him up so bad, and I couldn't be there to help him— Benny said he was bleeding between his legs that night— it was," Sob after sob shook Dean, "—it was all three of them, Bobby, and I wasn't going to let them go. I couldn't— they hurt him too much—"
"I just wanted to help you, Cas," Dean whispered, and let his arms slide around Castiel to pull him into a tight, crushing hug, "—I was too chicken to say anything last time, but I didn't want him to get away with it again."
Castiel went silent for a few seconds, and Dean let himself smile wider.
"Uh, I did? Oh."
With his heart pounding in his head, Dean swiped up, relieved to know and realise that Castiel had called him first, which meant Castiel
"Gordon and Nick? You think they were the trigger?"
"Wait— what?" Sam gasped, and Castiel heard him shuffling around from the other end of the line. "You're at our door?"
Shame and hurt, and indescribable pain caused a strange nausea to bubble in the pits of Castiel's gut, and he stumbled backward, letting his feet carry him away as his vision blurred. The moment Castiel turned around the corner, he let out a broken sob into his palm, and let a fresh round of tears pour down his face.
"For fuck sake," Dean growled, and before Castiel knew it, there were hands gripping his hips, yanking him out, and Castiel stumbled back, sitting on his butt, grinning to himself as he watched Dean crouch down and reach for the pen. He must have found it, because he pulled back and shoved the pen into Castiel's hand, "-loser," He grumbled, and Castiel noticed the swollen bulge in his jeans, but decided not to comment.
Their eyes flicked down to each other's lips.
Dean swallowed down his guilt, and Castiel watched with pride in his eyes, as his face flustered, and he turned away, averting his gaze towards the other side of the room, as he spoke about Billy Pilgrim, and the credibility of his memories. Castiel smiled, and slouched back against the seat, tapping his pen against the desk with a soft, thrumming noise audible to barely anyone but him. He waited until Dean had turned back to him, to let the pen drop the the floor.
Castiel shut the door behind him, and wondered whether or not he should reveal his meeting with Meg to Dean. He did not want to keep secrets from Dean, but the things Meg had told Castiel were personal, said under the acknowledgement of their mutual respect for each other's experiences, so no, perhaps he could ask Meg some day for permission to tell Dean.
"Talk might be an understatement. But yeah, and he's told me what a cool guy you were, and I was like, y'know what, he should come over too, so, Novak, wanna' come?"
For a moment, all Dean did was stare at him. He watched as the afternoon sun glinted across Castiel's face, and set his ocean-blue eyes ablaze with their gleam, of how Castiel smiled with his cheeks pushed up into his eyes, of how every single thing that was good and pure and beautiful in the world was nothing in comparison to Castiel. Of how Dean wanted to hide Castiel away in the warmth of his arms, and keep him there for the rest of his life. Dean watched and wondered, how Castiel Novak could think he was ugly, when to Dean, even the universe seemed to fall to its knees outshone by Castiel's beauty.
"Where do you want it next, sweet'eart?"
Dean shifted for a moment, and Castiel watched as he struggled to do something with his hand, before holding out a plain, silver band ring. The one he always wore on his ring finger. On the few occasions Castiel had asked him about it, he'd said it was for opening beer bottles, but Castiel knew there had to be more to it.
Dean stood silent, hoping to let John's words fade from his mind as he hummed in answer, and threw some bacon onto the pan.
"How'd you get in?" Castiel asked, pausing their music to study Dean, who was dressed in his usual flannel, a brown canvas jacket, jeans and boots.
"Novak, boy, please do. Are you feeling better?" Mr. Devereaux asked, his eyes tracking Castiel as Castiel walked into the class.
how wicked they looked. "-are you still wearing them? The panties?"
"—right, so what Castiel and I decided was to create a group of every single person who had ever been hurt by Alastair, verbally, physically, or sexually, like some freshmen and juniors too, and file an official complaint to have him suspended."
The moment they stepped into the library however, Castiel realised they weren't alone. Seated where their group had been seated before, were two men. Castiel paused, simply studying them, only to realise they were none other than Gordon Walker and Nick Morningstar. They sat with their shoulders hunched and the faces hung down, not speaking, as if waiting for someone. Gordon glanced back for a second, only to do a double take at Castiel. His eyes widened, and he nudged Nick to look back. Silence had washed over the library, and yet, Castiel could feel the sheer anger seething from Dean as he nudged Castiel behind him. Dean was ready for a fight, already rolling his sleeves up, but Gordon held up his hand in defence.
"And just because she called you one, you turned into one, right." Castiel snapped, his wide eyes glaring down at Dean. "You just keep thinking of yourself, Dean, every damn time, it's always me, myself and I. It's never about what I think, what I want. I'm sick of it, god, I'm sick of you." But before Dean could even retort, Castiel was sighing, and turning away from the table. Without a single glance backward and a barely suppressed sob, Castiel dashed out of the dining room, and disappeared around the corner.
"I'll see you tomorrow, Dean," Was all he said, before scampering out the library, leaving Dean alone and dejected, wallowing in his own insecurities.
"Like," Castiel thought out loud, and Dean watched him with narrow eyes, "-like meditation, yoga, exercise, jerking off, I guess, who knows."
"It doesn't matter how good you are to me, Novak, don't fuckin' suck up to me at school. I'll beat the shit out of you."
Mrs. Berry sighed, and motioned for Castiel to take a seat at her table. Meg sat down beside Castiel, and Anna, Dean and Benny crowded around them as Mrs. Berry wrote away at her notepad. Dean squeezed Castiel's shoulder, and Castiel sent him a soft smile. Mrs. Berry reached for her intercom, and pressed it to her ear. "Tessa, tell my driver I'm going to be late."
"But uh, Meg," Dean started, "-don't mind me asking, but, erm, you and Alastair? How'd that even happen?"
"What's up, man?" Benny chuckled, and clapped Dean's hand in a firm shake.
"—fuck, look to your left—" Castiel growled into his headset, and hissed, annoyed at someone on the screen as he tapped away furiously at his gaming console. Just Dean's life with a boyfriend much younger than him. With a deep breath, Dean stalked forward, careful steps carrying him towards the edge of the couch, where Castiel had his legs held up and floating in the air. Dean leaned forward, and nudged the headset to the side, enough for Castiel's attention to be drawn to it.
jealous they can't get what I get."
The next chapter will be lighter and fluffier, I promise. Update date: (Although I tend to go off schedule) 14th February.
Dean. Dean was Castiel's rock— his pillar, his support. Dean was the hand that had pulled Castiel up every time he'd fallen. Everything they had been through, right from the beginning, they had always found a way to pull through. Surely, they could find a way out of this as well, right? They would pull through this too. Castiel would make it up to Dean, he would apologize a hundred, no, a thousand, a hundred thousand times, if he had to, but he would bring Dean back. Absently, Castiel reached for his phone, and the moment he unlocked it, he was greeted with a picture of Dean.
"C'mon, dude, are you going to keep denying it just because you don't want to be labelled gay? Or bi? I don't know what you are, but if I was in your place, and I was so in deep for a boy, I wouldn't give two shits what people thought of me if I got to be with him."
"Novak's not the type you can
"I am advising him." Mrs. Berry cleared her throat, and sent Castiel a sharp glare.
"Ah yes, Novak, Masters, and who'd y'all get with you? Dean and Lafitte. That's it? That's your team?" Mr. Singer asked, and Castiel sighed.
Their eyes met for a single second, and Castiel pushed his tongue into his cheek. This was fun. This was hella' fun. Watching Dean having to take the bait helplessly.
If only his classmates knew this is what
"Better than Picasso, baby." Castiel snorted, and felt Dean chuckle beside him. Benny and Meg were talking quietly about something in front of them, and Castiel nudged Dean in the side to catch his attention. He tipped his head over to the front, and the two of them watched as Meg and Benny laughed about something. Castiel smiled, but to his confusion, Dean frowned. "Benny's taken, man. He's with Andrea."
Dean let out a staggered breath. His fists curled, his jaw tightened, and he felt his chest ache with nausea at the thought that—
"Dean, why are you being so rude?" Sam's words, his raised voice, the teary, puppy expression on Castiel's face, it brought Dean crashing back to the present, and he wondered why he was being so touchy this morning.
Ever since, Castiel had become, what some may call,
"You know all I need to do is press
"Good," Dean nodded. And after a beat, added, "—and now that you're single, how about a date with a real man, huh?"
With a deep breath, Castiel rose up from the bed. He pocketed his phone and wallet, and grabbed a jacket to pull over his shoulders. Passive blue eyes stared down at the floor as he trudged out the room, not caring about a single other thing, as he walked down the staircase, into one of the corridors leading towards the front door. The sound of his parents' argument grew louder, until at last, he walked past the dining room, where Michael and Naomi were screeching, almost at each other's throats. Naomi seemed to have caught sight of Castiel, as she padded out of the dining room and into the corridor, a few feet behind Castiel.
"God," He hissed, "—that disgusting piece of shit. You guys, you guys are brave as shit for standing up to him," Mr. Singer sighed, "—are you the only ones?"
Without a second wasted, Castiel pinned Dean to the door, and dropped to his knees, his vibrant baby-blues staring up at Dean with such indecent arousal, it had the bulge in Dean's pants growing bigger. Nimble fingers unbuckled Dean's belt, and unzipped his trousers before digging inside to pull his cock out of the confines of his boxers. The flesh was heated, throbbing, and wet at the tip. Castiel leaned in, his taut, round butt jutting out deliciously as he kneeled before Dean, and at last, swirled the tip of his tongue over the bead of pre-come at the slit of Dean's cock.
They walked into the living room in silence, before settling down at the couch, and Castiel watched as Meg pushed off her leather jacket to reveal a loose, black tank-top. She spread the jacket across her knees and turned to Castiel.
"Drive safe, Ben," Dean croaked out, before watching as both Benny and Castiel disappeared down the stairs. Dean would much rather have driven Castiel home himself, oh, he would have given
"Seventeen."
And that's how it started.
"It's alright, it was just a few seconds."
It never failed to leave him speechless— watching Castiel's hole swallow his cock so hungrily.
Castiel seemed, much to Dean's horror, unfazed by the warning.
A minute must have passed at the most, when Castiel felt a finger poke his shoulder. This time, he refrained from giving into Dean's antics.
"You don't look fat, you
"So," Dean asked, a bit abruptly if anything, "-how are you feeling?"
Benny gulped. He was scared. As he should have been.
If there was anything he had learnt, given the course of time over the last few months, it was that time waits for no one. And Castiel had almost let Dean slip through his hands over a silly misunderstanding. It was Dean who had salvaged their friendship. And now, it was Castiel's turn to return the favour.
It took him a few seconds, but the lightest trace of a smile pulled at Castiel's lips, and he broke into a grin.
"You don't want to know, Cas."
Should Dean have said something?
"What?"
"And if I don't?" Castiel asked, as he stood up, although out of balance, not that anybody cared.
Castiel felt his bottom lip tremble, and yet, he bit the inside of his cheek to refrain the tears welling up at the pools of his eyes. He forced out a smile, and nodded. "Thank you, Mr. Singer. I appreciate it. And uhm, Meg and I— Meg and I wanted to talk to you about something along the same lines."
Said boyfriend, however, was lying on the couch on his stomach, a headset on his ears, and a console in his hands as he propped himself up on his elbows. Instantly, Dean's eyes wandered down his body, where he was wearing Dean's loose, Black Sabbath t-shirt which slipped down his shoulder and revealed his tempting, glistening neck; paired with what Dean decided were the shortest, tightest, flashiest orange panties. Just the sight of Castiel's ass had Dean growing tighter in his trousers, and
With quiet, light steps, Dean tip-toed towards the kitchen. He promised himself to sneak a glance, and if it was someone bigger than him, he would make a run for it, but if it wasn't, he could threaten them to let him stay for a while.
, that Dean spoke up.
Alex sighed, set her notepad down on a desk next to Castiel's bed, and walked over to him. She pressed a hand over his head, and spoke to him gently. "A vasovagal syncope or, more commonly, a vasovagal attack, is when you have a sudden drop in heart rate or blood pressure, and you pass out. Usually, it has a trigger. And more often than not, it is a stress-induced trigger. So, can you tell me what you remember before you lost consciousness?"
For a moment, he froze. No. No, he did not just fantasize about— about— about fuckin'
Next to him, Castiel went pale.
For a moment, they simply tried catching their breaths.
A sudden vibration in his hands caught him by surprise, and he glanced down at his phone, only to find his screen lit up with a picture of Castiel, a picture he'd taken one evening in the car with Castiel. Castiel was digging into a hamburger, and his cheeks were rosy, his hair was a mess, and his eyes gleamed in the twilight sun. For some reason, Dean had wanted to capture the moment forever, and he'd pulled out his phone to click a picture. He would never add the fact however, that Castiel had flicked him in the head right after.
"'Course I can. So, I'm in?" She asked with a snort.
"Dean, ah—" Castiel gasped when he felt Dean's teeth graze his nipple. On instinct, he rolled his hips against Dean's body, and watched as Dean stared down at his sweatpants for a moment, before glancing up at him.
"Oh," Meg whispered, and the table went silent. But then, it was Castiel who spoke up.
"You know what, maybe I am. Are you?"
Lisa rubbed a thumb across Dean's jaw. Castiel remembered how it had felt under his own skin. Soft, but dotted with the slightest of stubble.
. Castiel liked it.
A single beat passed. Their eyes met. It was an unspoken acknowledgement.
echoed through the room, rising above the music, the feeling of Alastair's skin rippling under Dean's knuckles and at once, Dean let out a strange, thrilled laugh.
comfortable.
If the fucked out, blissful, ecstatic expression on Dean's face was to judge by, he had enjoyed just as much as Castiel had.
Perhaps he had been
"On Friday, I— it was the three of them, but, it was their fingers. And Alastair forced it into my mouth. There was this bottle of beer I had with me, and they emptied it, and shoved the thing inside me."
Sweat dripped down Dean's brow at the sight of Benny's wide eyes. He felt helpless— as if Benny knew something, and he wasn't telling Dean, as if there was something big, something terrible that he had kept from Dean, and now that he mentioned
Alastair watched him, but Dean turned away from him, instead letting his feet carry him towards Castiel. Each step Dean took closer to Castiel only curdled his blood, and he could see, clearer now, how Castiel's lip bled, how his teary eyes were swollen from crying, how his jaw was dotted with blue and purple bruises. Dean reached out, and Castiel flinched.
Castiel let out a broken sigh, before rolling onto his stomach on the desk, and tucking his knees under him. He reached back and pulled his ass open, and Dean once again found himself awestruck at the sight of Castiel's fucked, swollen hole.
"I know you love me," Castiel whispered, and pulled Dean's earlobe between his teeth.
"What is it with you and that boy? Castiel, you're just an eighteen year old, for God's sake, don't ruin yourself over a boy. You've got such bright dreams, you're going to take over our business—"
"I think you're the coolest person I've met."
Castiel considered it for a moment, "-hmm... Queen, ACDC, Lynyrd Skynyrd... Mm... Pink Floyd... Oh, Aerosmith—"
"Dean—" Castiel warned, but Dean simply levelled Naomi, who seemed aghast by now, with a demanding glare.
it was.
"What are you talking about?" Castiel asked, trying to compose himself as he tried to push Dean's arm away from his chest, but in vain.
inside you soon."
, Castiel knew he'd crossed a line, but then Dean crouched down to grab the pen, and Castiel rocked down on the butt-plug, feeling an unexpected stream of fresh come drizzle down his thighs and underwear. He gasped at the moisture of it, before looking down to gouge Dean's reaction.
This time, Dean wouldn't let his fear win over him. This time, he would fight tooth and nail, with blood, sweat and tears, to show Alastair his place. To defend Cas.
"I, I don't know—"
Dream-Castiel asked, as Dean imagined sliding those panties down his silky legs.
"Well. I have some time to spare."
"My hands," Dean grinned smugly, as he turned around to show Bobby the bruises on his knuckles.
"I— I think I'm going to die— tell— tell Sammy I love him— and my car— tell my Baby— tell her I love—"
"He was bleeding between his thighs, he wouldn't even sit down without wincing."
Speechless, Dean nodded, and snatched the bottle of beer out of Benny's hands to press it to his own lips. He winced, but swallowed a huge gulp, and with a hiss, handed the bottle back to Benny. His head pounded, but it felt rejuvenating, and a newfound vigour seeped into his movements as he clamped a hand over Benny's shoulder. His breath grew heavier, shallower, and he felt a determined smile spread across his face, "-Ben, I'm gonna' find Cas and I'm gonna' tell him I love him. Right now."
"Cas, I wanted to tell you something," Dean said, sucking in a deep breath and preparing himself.
But then why was Castiel's face the only thing he could see every time he thought of love? Or the first thing he thought of every morning? Or the last thing he thought of every night?
helping.
from their librarian, Mrs. Mosely. They winced, before breaking into a quiet chuckle.
Early surprise for my lovely followers. 🥰
Castiel let out a disappointed sigh, before turning his eyes down to his book. Things hadn't always been this way. At the start, at the very start, Dean had been the sweetest, most gentle person Castiel had seen. He helped everyone with their doubts, helped them write good answers, and even extended deadlines if the time called for it. Never shouted, never argued. He was sweet, funny, kind and with a heart of gold. It was why Castiel had fallen in love with him in the first place. Watching how knowledgeable, how well-versed he was with what he taught— that was just a bonus.
"Baby," Castiel mumbled, and slipped a hand across Dean's jaw, drawing Dean back to the present, "—you're thinking too hard. Stop it. Stop second-guessing things. They're going to love you. They're going to have to, because I love you, and you're my choice. It doesn't matter what they think, okay? They're just my parents, and when they realise I'm happy, they'll come around. They are a bit intimidating, but don't let it discourage you, alright Dean?"
After a few moments passed by, when at once, Dean held his hand out in the space above them, simply letting it hover there, and Castiel stared at it blankly for a second. He turned to study Dean, whose eyes were passive and mature, so tender and yet rigid— it was as if Castiel had fallen in love with Dean all over again. Absently, he reached his own hand out to slide it across Dean's. Castiel brushed his fingertips against the raised skin, where he knew John bad beaten him years ago. Dean seemed to blink out of his trance, and he turned his hand around to clasp Castiel's, with a loopy smile on his face.
Dean let out a breath of relief, and turned back, only to have John call out for him. So, Dean ducked his head back into the living room.
"Mr. Novak has also called in sick, he will be absent till Thursday, please do take care of your classmate when he returns."
"Yeah? Aw, you made a wittle mistake? Are you gonna' cry now? Want me to kiss it better? Fucking idiot," Dean growled, and walked away, into the living room. Castiel followed after him, dejected and quiet, and lingered at the doorway, simply watching as Dean groaned, and lounged back against the couch, making himself comfortable.
And the realization dropped in the pit of Dean's gut like an anchor-bound ship.
burgers you've ever tasted. I promise."
A chuckle rolled past Castiel's lips, and he nodded, before grabbing Dean by the hand and leading him to the bathroom. Fortunately enough, they did end up finding a spare, packaged toothbrush, and brushing next to each other was slightly awkward if nothing, until Dean, impatient that he was, ended up snorting and laughing, and Castiel couldn't hold back either. Yes, there was toothpaste foam on the mirror from them having laughed, but they wiped it off before stepping into the shower.
I have been reading every single one of your comments, and some of you have commented on my other works as well. I simply wanted to say thank you so much for your never ending support, and although I do not reply to the comments, I see each one and feel extremely grateful to each one of you. So much love to every single one of you, especially to the names I have been seeing for quite long. There aren't many, but the few that are regular make my heart full of love. 🥺💕
"You stained my favourite panties," Castiel pouted, and slumped down. The next moment, his eyes went wide, and he gaped at Dean incredulously, before his gaze narrowed at Dean.
The scent of petrol and leather seats, the sound of the distant cars racing down the highway, the sight of trees dissolving into thin air as they drove away. Dean next to him, his hand in Castiel's, an old love song on the radio, an open window, a cool breeze, and nothing but time.
"Didn't peg you for a classic rock guy."
"Skip school for the week, I'll get you notes for every lesson, every day," He said, and Castiel smiled.
Softly, the drift of slumber began to tug Castiel away from the present, and he found himself falling to sleep. But the warm touch of Dean's skin to his own persisted throughout the night.
"It wasn't Dean." Anna said, loud and clear.
of things," Dean grinned shamelessly, bastard that he was, and Castiel chuckled. In an instant, Dean was dashing them up to the bedroom.
"Can I help y'all?" He asked, eyes scanning both Meg and Castiel's faces.
"And you think I can? C'mon, let's get you some ointment, and hey, have you had anything after lunch? It's been a few hours already, I'll cook you something."
Only one person knew the truth.
"I'm not—" Dean, in fact, was blushing. Benny rumbled out a laugh, and turned to face Dean with his thumb swiping through his own phone. Dean's eyes swept across his phone, before he turned back to his own phone.
How could he just leave? Maybe if he hadn't, Cas wouldn't be screaming, maybe Alastair would have never found him, and maybe they'd be back to the way things were.
The crowd shuffled again, and this time the man pressed into Castiel completely shamelessly. He leaned his face into Castiel's shoulder with a dirty, sly grin, pressed his crotch against Castiel's, and held onto Castiel's waist with his broad, warm palms. His breath stunk of alcohol and cigarettes, and he sucked in the air Castiel had let out. Disgust coursed through Castiel's body. Disgust, shame, fear. In the man's green eyes, was a brazen lewd expression— predatory almost, as if he wanted to rip Castiel apart into pieces.
Castiel loved him. Castiel told Dean he loved him. And the next moment, he told Dean to leave, and never return. Because hey, when did things actually go the way Dean wanted them to? And not to mention, Dean had stood there, as stupidly as possible, and watched Castiel cry, not even made an effort to console him, save for the selfish hug, which Castiel pushed him away for. Dean should have been more caring, more understanding. He should have listened, and maybe he shouldn't have left.
Castiel liked how they felt on his skin.
"But you like it, don't you?" Castiel shot back, just as sharp, "-threatening me? It gets your dick throbbing, doesn't it?"
In the evening, Castiel would walk by Dean's house, deposit the notebooks in his younger brother, Sam's hands, and be on his way. On the brighter side, at least Castiel was getting himself some revision, even though it may be under the obligation of writing the same answers twice.
The song ended, and Dean's eyes fluttered open to settle onto Castiel. "-what else do you listen to?"
"You don't have to keep it in anymore," He whispered the words prompting him to think of Dean, who'd said the very same thing to him two days ago.
Dean faltered for a moment, eyes flickering between Michael and Naomi, before he gathered himself. "My parents, well, my mother passed away in a fire around sixteen years ago. So, it's been my dad, Sam, and I. My dad doesn't work much, he's a automotive mechanic, in essence. Sam is my younger brother, he's a freshman. But he's one of the brightest kid I've ever seen. Math, science, literature, law— he just soaks information like a sponge."
—" Dean mumbled, as Castiel sucked at the tip of his blushing, fat cock. He only pulled away once, a string of spit hovering in the air between them from Castiel's mouth down to Dean's cock, only to vanish when Castiel looked up at Dean.
"Mhm," They hummed in tandem, and Dean quirked his lip, "—we didn't get along at all. In fact, I'm pretty sure Cas would have killed me, if he had the chance."
"May I come in, sir?"
"Yeah, and sulking. Said something about you slapping him or sumthin'."
"If you come on my desk, I'm gonna' have to make you lick it clean, Cas."
Before Dean knew what to say, Castiel turned to walk away, but it seemed as if Dean's body reacted before him, and he held a hand out to grab Castiel's wrist, pulling Castiel closer to him.
How could he forget Dean Winchester was a bully?
"Oh, for sure." Meg winked at her. Anna blushed, which caused Meg to blush, and Dean, Castiel and Benny were left to wonder. Dean slung an arm around Castiel's shoulder, and pulled him in for a slight hug. Dean leaned into Castiel's ear, as discreet as possible, as the others broke out into conversation.
"I had nothing better to do," Castiel admitted with a chuckle, and watched as Benny led him through the crowd with a hand on his shoulder.
"More, more, daddy—"
"Erm—"
"Dean," Castiel breathed out, and Dean could almost
Without another word, Castiel swung the door open, and stepped out of Dean's car with his backpack slung across his shoulder. Dean stepped out, although Castiel realised he had no need to, and met Castiel midway. They paused for a moment, unable to speak, and Dean leaned back against the hood of his car.
I know there's a hundred ways this chapter could have been better, but I did my best to put this out for you guys without delaying too much. The deadline was 5th March, and I'm a day late, sorry about that. The next chapters will be more positive, and pick up on some loose threads in this story. I have a rough idea of what I want in my mind, let's see how it all pans out. On the brighter side, there will be a lot of sexy time coming up between Dean and Cas, so stay tuned for that!
"It's uh, it's nice to be here." She said, a bit sheepishly as she sat down.
"I didn't do shit, Cas, I just—"
inside, Dean realised— Castiel needed him. Castiel needed him to be his rock, his pillar— someone he could lean on, someone who would be there no matter what. And Dean would be right there for him, every step of the way.
A pause ensued between them.
"Alastair," He growled.
"I have to study for my own—"
Dean paused to consider, "-kay."
Hands, too many of them, slid across his body, over his chest and his waist, and Castiel felt strange, felt
"What the— Anna, the hell are you talking about?" Fear caught Dean's words in his throat. No, this wasn't supposed to happen. Castiel— Castiel looked at Dean as if he'd stabbed him in the chest with a knife. "Anna, you're not saying I—? You know I would never—"
"Glad you're quick on the uptake. Where's your room?"
"D-Dean— o-oh— ah—
"Enough, the two of you—" Michael growled, and rose up to his feet as well. He stood taller than his wife, and yet, shorter than Dean by an inch or two. He trudged over to Dean, and clapped a hand across his shoulder. A small but genuine smile crept at his lips, and in his eyes, Dean could see honesty, a contrast to Naomi's foxy eyes. "Son, it's a pleasure to have you here. Don't let her get to you. Have a seat."
Yes, some of the comments were a bit teasing, a bit lewd too— but all at once, Castiel felt rejuvenated. As if he suddenly had something more to live for than books and video-games. Something he looked forward to each morning. His parents were corporate slaves with barely any time for him, so it never made a difference, they would never care for what Castiel decided to do with his life. OnlyPics gave Castiel a new purpose.
Perhaps they both did.
"You're gonna' pay for this, Winchester—" Alastair gasped out, and Dean laughed a proud, hysterical laugh as he stomped a foot onto Alastair's ribcage, and leaned down to meet Alastair's helpless, wide eyes.
"It's not wrong, y'know. It's very natural to fall in love with people. And I'm sure Novak isn't what he looks like. Like you, who would've thought bad boy Winchester would be blushing over a little gay nerd?"
"Dean, I don't know if you've been reading a little
nose for himself. The way Alastair hugged his chest, Dean preened at the fact that he'd managed to break at least a few ribs. Slouching at the side of the wall, was Gordon, holding his bleeding, contorted fingers to his chest. On the ground a few feet away from Alastair, lay Nick, with his nose broken as well, bleeding down his lip and chin.
"Of course, baby."
"That is exactly why I'm saying you've been strange," Castiel snorted, and felt Dean narrow his eyes at him, "-okay, I'm sorry, I meant to say, you've been a bit, well, how do I put it,
"Stop pretending to be my friend. I know you don't want to, and I don't mind, I really don't mind, go back to the people you used to be with, Lisa, Alastair, I don't care—"
"Like a sixth base." Meg and Castiel chuckled, and silence washed over the rest of their conversation, until at last, Meg spoke up again.
"Plenty of it."
"I look fat."
Until the doors slid shut.
Mrs. Berry faltered at that. Her composed eyes seemed to widen at that, and she leaned forward on her desk with a grimace. "What did you just say," She breathed out, her eyes flickering from Castiel to the others, as if to verify if she actually heard what she heard. "I— what?"
"Cas, what're you—"
"Sorry. It's all we had."
"Thanks buddy, you're a real one."
"Mhm," Dean hummed, and squeezed Castiel in his arms, "—at least I have you." He fluttered his eyes open, and gazed down at Castiel. The two of them shared a tender look, before Dean leaned down to press his lips against Castiel's, sliding his hands under Castiel's shirt and over his warm body. But that was that. He never pushed Castiel on, and simply lay snug next to Castiel. Castiel smiled, and curled his arms around Dean.
Inside the kitchen, though, he found—
Sam stared at Dean for a few seconds, before breaking into a grin. "Heck yeah."
Seething, red rage succumbed Alastair, and his sidekicks, the dispensables, they charged towards Dean with heavy steps, a look of sheer wrath in their eyes. Behind him, Dean felt Castiel pulling him back, mumbling over and over again in a feeble voice, "-Dean, let's go, let's just go, Dean, please, Dean—"
Dean was silent for a few minutes, before he clicked his tongue, and mimicked the movement of Castiel's head by letting his own head rest against the concrete. With their eyes shut, the only scent of smoke in the air, and Led Zeppelin blasting through their earphones, both boys sat quietly for a moment, simply drinking in the silence.
Seated together on one of the loveseats, were Naomi and Michael Novak.
Castiel was a disgusting slut who loved having his ass fingered by a stranger's fingers.
The class settled into a low murmur, and Castiel let out a sigh. "I'm done, you guys can leave."
The past few days, Dean had acted too distant. And stranger was the fact that not once had he threatened, annoyed, irritated, or blackmailed Castiel. Not once. He would sit at the far end of the class, and he would be by himself, writing notes, answering questions, asking doubts— it was as if they never knew each other. But Castiel knew something was wrong, and he could read it in Dean's eyes.
"I'll see you tomorrow, okay?"
P.S: Thank you for the lovely comments on the previous chapter! 🥺
, as Castiel grinned, and cupped a hand over Dean's jaw, pressing his nose against Dean's cheek as they rocked against the table.
"Just say the word and I'll make sure they can't speak again." Dean whispered, reaching for Castiel's hand, and Castiel smiled.
Rough and quick, that was how they usually did it— but today, Dean seemed different. His eyes were softer. They were not crazed with lust, but with passion, and Castiel had learnt to distinguish between the two already. Dean didn't grab Castiel by the back of his neck, the way he always did when he was letting himself loose, but this time, he cradled a hand across Castiel's jaw, not pushing him down, simply guiding. And Castiel found himself melting at the tender touch as he sucked at Dean's throbbing, red cock in his mouth. His startling green eyes gazed straight down into Castiel's, not allowing Castiel a single second to look away. Castiel felt small, smaller than he had ever before as Dean stared down at him.
Castiel's eyes rolled to the back of his head as he dropped his mouth open, and reached down to clasp a hand at Dean's shoulder. "O-oh—"
"About?"
"Is it because something bad always happens to me when you leave me alone?"
"No, not really. I mean, he was quite decent when we were younger. But as we grew older, when we started making choices of our own, some of which didn't please him, we kind of grew apart. Dad used to be in the Marines, but after he retired, he got into starting the garage, and slowly, he got into alcohol too. We didn't know how to stop him, and he wouldn't listen to his friends. They left him to himself, but we couldn't."
When Dean let his thoughts return to the present, he watched as Castiel turned away from him, lying with his back to Dean and face to the wall beside his bed. Dean couldn't see his face.
"I thought you just, just liked me—" Castiel mused, eyes floating across the room, before settling on Dean again.
"I love you too."
"Then I want it to be."
Castiel went silent. There was nothing for him to say. Gordon took his silence as an incentive to continue. "Novak, in my life, I've never done something like this before. And even if I had, I wouldn't have been punished for it. A few broken bones and a heck lot of time to reflect made me realise— I hurt you. You meant nothing to me, and I meant nothing to you, and yet, the amount of irreparable trauma I've left you with, it's too much for me to even fathom. I tried putting myself in your shoes, and I was minutes away from slicing my neck open. To you I'm a monster, and I won't refute that argument in anyway."
"My mom's gone, Cas. And even if she wasn't, she would be proud of me for being with someone like you," Castiel watched as Dean's bottom lip trembled, and his voice grew softer, more broken, "—she'd love you."
"Is that understood?" Dean asked, a low, desperate growl to his voice.
"Am I sure," Dean laughed, "—am I sure?"
He set his spoon aside, and thought of what to say, before realising there was nothing he actually could. Every time he thought of it, he could see nothing but Castiel's swollen, miserable face. The fear in his eyes, the pain, the agony, the guilt— Castiel said he was alright, said he wanted to move on, but even then, it had only been three days, and he knew the type of person Castiel was, meaning he would be thinking of it even now. Every morning, the thought haunted Dean— how he hoped he would have never left; how he hoped he could have been earlier— how Castiel would never have gone through what he did if Dean had been there.
"Well, at least the
Maybe Castiel never should have invited Dean over. Maybe he shouldn't have been to hasty and rushed into it. Despite having promised to Castiel to be on her best behaviour, Naomi had ended up doing exactly what she had vowed not to. She had been so convincing in the morning— almost had Castiel fooled right through.
"Cas, I—" A tear rolled down Dean's face as he locked his jaw, and tried to compose himself, "—Cas, you— why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"Cas?"
Dean stilled for a moment, letting the word wash over him for a moment, before shuddering and nodding.
"Oh— oh fuck," Castiel hissed, and panted against the wall, writhing and squirming in Dean's arms, before the all-too familiar ding of the elevator had both men snapping apart like a rubber band.
Slowly, Castiel reached out and grabbed Dean's hands, guiding them up to the buttons on his shirt. Dean kept his eyes on Cas the whole time that he unbuttoned the younger man's shirt, watching as a sliver of skin peeked through Castiel's shirt.
Next Update: 15 June.
Right as he was sifting through the crowd to reach to a tiny, red
And if Dean made sure to put the boy's lacy pink panties on display while he was at it, well, that was his business. No harm in simply watching, right?
And that arrogance, boy, that arrogance got on Castiel's nerves. He sucked in a breath. He was right, and he knew it.
After Saturday night, Castiel had stayed over at Dean's place. He had gone home on Sunday morning, packed a bag, and returned to Dean's place. Naomi hadn't spared him a single glance, pretending as if he were invisible, and Castiel had in turn, given her the same treatment. His father on the other hand, had tried to convince him to stay home, or to at least contact him from time to time, even though Michael had a conference to attend in Belgium for a week. True to his word, Michael had begun to become more involved in Castiel's life, texting him to check up on him, calling him every night and so. Castiel may not show it, but the fact that his father was taking such an effort really did warm his heart.
"Bobby, he's trying to move on, we all are— and I'm trying to be there for him every step of the way," He sighed, "-we talk everyday, we meet often, we spend time together. We're close, but, but, I still can't reach out to him. It's like he's here, physically, but mentally, emotionally, he's somewhere far away and I can't do anything to bring him back. He says he's fine, and that he's healing, but I know he's lying. He's not fine, Bobby, and I don't know how to change that."
Dean Winchester was trouble. Pure, unadulterated trouble.
"Everyone cool now?" Castiel asked.
"No," Dean smiled, "-in fact, it hurt like a bitch."
"I have time. But let's not waste it on formalities, just get to the point, Novak."
"It's always been fun for you to humiliate me, hasn't it? Right from the start, with my OnlyPics, and now this? I knew you were cruel, but I never expected you to take it this far—" Castiel cried, chest heaving and jerking with each sob, as he clamped a hand over his mouth to muffle his sobs.
"Ehr— erm, I'm here to, erm—" Dean gulped, before mumbling a soft
"Fuck," Castiel cursed, and Dean rubbed the sticky head of his cock against Castiel's taint, before watching it slide inside. This time, he didn't wait for Castiel to adjust to the pace. He went rough, holding Castiel down with strong, broad hands, basking in Castiel's pained, breathless moans, and pounding away at his tiny, pink hole.
"Dean," Bobby whispered, "—what happened on Friday?"
Castiel smiled, and this time, he felt it tug at his cheeks so genuinely, he couldn't hold himself back as he pressed a kiss to Dean's lips. Dean in turn, smiled the widest, and wrapped his arms around Castiel. They pulled away for a brief second to look up at each other.
"It's erm, it's a bit late, so I'll drop you home. I know where you live, so..."
Dean quirked his lips, and reached for Castiel's hand so he could swipe his thumb over the ring glistening on his ring finger. He leaned in to press his lips to Castiel's, but a knock on the door made him pause, and with an annoyed sigh he turned to the door.
"Jesus, Novak," Dean chuckled, "—I woulda' never expected this from you."
Silence spread across the room, and both of them simply lay with their eyes shut. But moments later, Castiel felt Dean's arm snake under his waist and curl around his side, and then Dean was pressing into his shoulder, wrapping around him like an octopus. Castiel chuckled, and ran a hand down Dean's back. "God, I'm tired."
"You… You don't think I'm ugly, right? Just because Alastair—"
The door to their classroom clicked open, and in walked their homeroom teacher, Ms. Barnes, who taught them English as well. She set her binders down on the teacher's desk, and with her glasses set on the tip of her nose, turned to the class.
"Well, I didn't peg you for an asshole, but here we are."
"Eh—erm, we should uhm—" Castiel stuttered out, face searing with heat, as he hung his head down, trying to hide the pinkness of his cheeks and his ear, hoping Dean wouldn't be able to see him, but Dean seemed just as embarrassed.
He paid no heed to them, in fact, he hadn't cared for the sign for the past three months, ever since he'd discovered how convenient and secure it was to roam around the empty halls of the third floor, look at the world in a way no one else had before. Apparently the third floor was going to be converted into another floor of classrooms for students, but due to a budget cut, the school never got around to finish the renovation.
is on board, and we can get this started, what say?" She looked over at Castiel hopefully, and Castiel grinned.
but I don't think that will work that well."
"You can touch, if you want," Castiel cooed, and reached back to hold on to the edge of the sofa, grinding his hips down on Dean's lap as if he were riding him. Bouncing and humping Dean, and shit, he had to have felt the bulge of Dean's cock. Dean tried an experimental thrust upward, and watched as Castiel's mouth fell open, and he shut his eyes in pure pleasure.
Dean's footsteps were heavy and slow as he climbed up the stairs, and snuck into the terrace. He let his bag fall to the side, and walked over to where he had been sitting with Castiel a few days ago. Castiel paused at the corner for a moment, not wanting to surprise Dean, because hey, who knew what Dean would do if he was frightened, punch someone maybe? And Castiel was not in the mood to be
How he desperately wished he could have changed his past, how he could have asked Dean to stay, and perhaps, Dean would have stayed, and they wouldn't have to go through what they did the night before.
"Novak's fine. Says he wants you to meet him as soon as you can."
"I missed you too, baby."
Somehow, deep, deep,
"Dude, really? Me too, I mean, I'm a Zeppelin fan, have been for years now. And yeah, Aerosmith, ACDC, that's all good stuff."
Not that Castiel blamed him. He was still surprised at his own actions.
Dean seemed to settle at last, as he nodded and reached out to pull Castiel's hands into his own. He pressed a kiss to Castiel's knuckles, and Castiel smiled. Their eyes met, and all they did was stare at each other for a moment.
Castiel swallowed thickly. Goosebumps had begun to dot his skin. Dean stared up at the ceiling blankly.
And Dean was right.
out of Alastair. Stepped on his ribs, punched his nose off, ruined his jaw. There was so much blood. He broke Nick and Gordon's bones too, their fingers and their ribs," Meg chuckled, "—as much as the bastard annoys me, I wanted to go over and hug him, thank him. I couldn't stop smiling about how Alastair was lying in his own blood."
"Hey, it's alright, Meg, you're fine, they're not going to hurt you now, okay?" Castiel whispered, stroking a hand down Meg's back as she crumpled the front of his shirt, and nodded, before pulling away and rubbing at her swollen, red face.
Dean froze at that, his eyes going wide as he fumbled with his words, before looking his jaw and hanging his head down. Castiel tried to hold back another round of tears, but they fell anyway, pouring down Castiel's round cheeks.
Smoke fumed out Castiel's nose as he paced the wooden flooring of the porch, before he heard Dean's frantic, loud footsteps patter against the floor. Lo and behold, there he was, in all his leather glory, trying to be Castiel's knight in shining armour (or flannel, whatever), by policing how much he drank, pretending to care for him, yadda yadda yadda.
Their eyes met, and Castiel quirked the side of his lip in a vague smile, watching as Dean studied him for a few seconds. Castiel slipped down next to Dean, and their thighs brushed. Once again, Castiel had been sandwiched between the wall and Dean, and yet, he found it more comforting that anything. Dean let out a loud breath, and with the cigarette pinched between his fingers, carefully loosened his tie, and unbuttoned the top of his uniform.
Although Castiel didn't know why Dean's silence irked him so much, he wanted to find out if Dean was alright. On Monday, sitting with Dean with a single pair of earphones plugged into their ears, it had shown Castiel a side of Dean he had never seen before. A side of Dean he
"Remember that time I came over, a couple of weeks ago, when I asked you to tutor me?"
A woman walked into the elevator, speaking animatedly on the phone. She smiled at Dean, before turning around and facing the door. But everything she'd been speaking faded into white noise as Dean turned to stare at Castiel, who kept his eyes glued to the door.
Regret washed over him almost instantly. Not only had he fantasized about a man, which was disgusting, by the way, but he'd fantasized about Castiel fucking Novak, who was the biggest fag Dean had ever seen, and yeah, Dean hated the guy, hated how he was all reserved and pretentious, never talking to anyone, never hanging outside school, never straying away from his work— it was a fuckin' act, and Dean knew it always had been.
Bobby rolled his eyes, and slipped down on his chair, pulling out some binders to get to work. Dean reached for the door knob, before a sound from behind him caught his ear.
"Dean?"
Without wasting another second, Dean phoned Castiel. Castiel picked up on the second ring.
"Don't you think you talk too much?" Castiel asked, and turned around to meet Dean at last. His face was pink, eyes were wide and dilated, and his lips were slick, as if he'd been licking them over and over again, and ah, he just licked them again—
"No, of course not. You look cute, y'know."
"What're you gonna' have?"
"Not the first time you've caught me when I was falling," Castiel grinned, and Dean trailed his eyes up to Castiel's big, round ones, somehow filled with adoration.
It was Anna. Her eyes looked to Dean first, before glancing at the others. She sent them a smile, and they smiled back. Castiel pulled out a seat for her right next to him.
, before trudging back over to the bed and climbing over Castiel.
Castiel's lips twitched in a vague smile, and Dean let his thumb brush against the corner of Castiel's lips.
"Did you understand?" He asked with a sigh, and Dean, cleared his throat and shook his head. Castiel groaned, and leaned into Dean's shoulder to grab the book out of his hands. Their fingers brushed, and Dean froze. Castiel though, seemed to be rambling about something quite nonchalantly, as if the spark when their skin touched hadn't bothered him at all. Dean blinked dumbly at Castiel, who for some reason, laughed, and instantly, Dean's mood went from a ten to a zero.
"I'll do your half of the project, in return."
These days, Dean had changed somehow. He was relaxed, not as tense or defensive as he used to be around Castiel, and he had a knack for pulling Castiel's leg in class, which seemed to have considerably decreased in the past few days. Dean was studying diligently, and he was making notes, answering questions, raising doubts. Watching Dean change was as beautiful as watching a butterfly break through its cocoon. What's more was that Dean had given up on smoking. Although Castiel had advised him on several occasions to go slowly, Dean had insisted on going cold turkey, and be what it may, Castiel was proud of him.
"You're really fine, right Cas?"
All he could do was weep silently, as Dean vanished behind him, somewhere into the crowd, leaving Castiel alone and boiling with anger and regret.
Watching Castiel study at the school library was as boring as could be. The boy barely deviated from his work, kept his focus on his books, and ignored Dean's insistent pestering. It had been an hour already, and the only reason Dean had ever agreed to come with Cas to the library was because he'd promised Castiel he would be a better person two days ago, and apparently, being a better person involved studying. Dean sighed, and twirled his pen around in his hand. He glanced into Castiel's notebooks and saw pages filled with neat, round handwriting, pencil underlines, formulas, highlighted key words, post-it notes; in his notebook, a giant dick with three hairs sticking out from the ball sac.
"Good." The conversation died down, and the air had turned sour. Castiel wished desperately to say something to break the silence, but he wasn't as skilled with conversations, and everything he could think of Dean already knew.
was the real one. Which is why, when school ended on Friday, Castiel watched as Dean grabbed his backpack, and slipped out of the classroom. Castiel followed after him, and noticed how Dean sneaked into the emergency stairwell, instead of the staircase leading down to where their cars or cycles were parked. Usually, Dean would hop into his black, classic car and be on his way home. But that did not seem to be the case today.
"Sounds more than good."
." Dean bit out, and Castiel held a hand out to hold him down. Castiel appreciated Dean's passion for this cause, but his short-temper could end up sabotaging this conversation.
They were at Dean's house that evening, working on their project silently, when Castiel seized the moment.
Dean, it would have to be for this true, lighter side of Dean, not the one he'd showed Castiel before.
"I think things were out of hand before we even came in."
"Cas, buddy, listen to me, I can expl—"
People were speaking, laughing, having the time of their lives, but Castiel could only catch traces of their conversation since the music drowned out most of the other noise. It was dim, and technicolour lights drenched the farmhouse in a modern, pop ambience. Castiel trailed his eyes over the entirety of the foyer, which seemed to surpass almost an acre, Castiel thought, although it wasn't actually as long as an acre. Bodies dotted each inch of the foyer, like a club, if Castiel was being honest, with people grinding against each other, drunk, high of their asses. He was sure he caught a glimpse of someone giving head to a man in the corner, but he wasn't going to question it. The air smelled vaguely of weed and heavily of alcohol.
As they pulled onto the main street, a comfortable silence settled between them, and Castiel let his eyes wander out the window, simply watching people go about their lives. And yet, Dean's words resonated in his mind, stirring around thoughts and questions, and Castiel wanted to ask Dean some more, pry some more, but he had no right to.
Dean slipped a hand down into Castiel's unbuttoned trousers, and thumbed over the slit of Castiel's leaking cock, causing Castiel to let out the softest of whimpers as he rocked against Dean. Castiel unbuckled Dean's slacks, and the moment he freed Dean's cock out from its confines, Dean broke their kiss and pushed Castiel down on his knees. "God, Cas," He gasped, holding onto the door as Castiel gave a few testing licks at the tip. "Fuck, I haven't been this hard in ages."
"Dean—" Castiel choked on his own voice, unable to say another word as he stared up at Dean.
It was futile now, living in the past. Castiel would never tell Dean what they'd done to him— especially after last night, after Dean had confessed, no, declared his love to Castiel with such exasperation and intensity, finding out the person he loved had been raped in such a vulgar way, it would shatter Dean. Castiel would never tell him. And eventually, he was sure the horror of it would wear off and they could go back to the way things were. Castiel didn't have to make a big deal of it. If it had been his mother, that's what she would have said.
—" Castiel moaned around his cock, and Dean grabbed him by the back of his head, throwing a quick glance downwards to watch the heavenly sight of his large, fleshy fat cock slide between Castiel's swollen, shiny lips. And what was even sexier was the fact that Castiel kept rocking his body with each bobbing of his head. Damn it, Dean cursed, he shoulda' had a dildo for Castiel to fuck himself on. The man would look
(See the end of the chapter for
"Please, no, please, please, please, Alastair—" He screamed out, hoping someone,
Castiel flushed pink at the memory of the words in his mind and with a silly laugh to himself, slipped into his house.
"I'm sorry," Castiel croaked out, "—I never should have asked you to come over. It's just— I don't know how to tell you— but my parents, they just seemed so enthusiastic about it. I thought maybe for once, for a change, my mother was coming around and turning to a better person. But I was wrong. I was wrong for bringing you over. I hurt you, and I know my mom did too, and I'm so sorry, Dean. Please— just don't leave me, alright? I know you were right, I know you were looking out for me, and I overreacted. The noise, the fighting— I couldn't stand it anymore. Dean, I'm sorry—" Castiel let out a sob, and tears threatened to spill down his face as he pouted, and stared up at Dean, hoping Dean would accept his apology.
"Why'd you come after me?" Castiel asked, his voice a broken whisper.
And Benny— Dean couldn't tell why Benny was this
At last, the door creaked open a smidge, and from within, Dean caught a trace of Castiel's bruised face. Castiel gasped, and let the door swing open at once. Dean stared at him. Castiel stared at Dean. He watched as Castiel's weary blue eyes roamed across his face, studying the few scratches Alastair must have left on his skin, and for a second that their eyes met, Dean let out a shaky breath.
"Yeah, not tonight. Tonight I ain't sharing you with anyone." Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's forehead, and Castiel almost melted. "I honestly didn't think you'd be up for it tonight. Thought you'd want to wait a little longer. I know I would have if I was in your place."
School ended about fifteen minutes ago, and Dean, Benny, Meg and Castiel were down at the library. For a while, they were simply settling in, with Benny and Dean animatedly arguing about who the sexiest person on Dr. Sexy was.
Meg sucked in a loud, deep breath and pumped her shoulders before straightening up and looking back at Castiel. She shifted closer to him, and he could see she was trying to speak, trying to string together words, the same way Castiel had been on Friday night with Dean— unable to explain himself, and yet wanting nothing more than to scream his thoughts out to the world.
"Me? Suck up to you? Oh please, Dean," Castiel laughed, his eyes crinkling at the side, "-I have standards."
"When I was a kid, about eight years ago, Sammy and I would always build pillow forts, and when dad would come home, the three of us would sit in there. Dad barely fit, I mean, half of his body would be outside the fort, and his head would be inside," Dean laughed, and felt Castiel's fingers play with his hair.
"I want you inside me, Dean," He said, as sincere as he could. Dean studied him for a moment, before pulling him up by the shoulders as if Castiel didn't weigh a thing. Castiel found himself seated in Dean's lap, their bare, twitching cocks brushing together, as Dean brushed a few strands of hair away from Castiel's forehead, and smiled down at him fondly.
. Honestly, the whole thing was cute as shit, and Dean couldn't wait for a moment longer as he followed after Castiel, and jumped into the mattress, grabbing Castiel by the waist and pulling him close.
"Excuse me?" Meg's eyes snapped open wide, and she glanced between Castiel and Dean. Castiel sent her an assuring look, before walking over to reach for her hand.
. Meg would say something, and Anna would laugh like it was the funniest thing she'd ever heard. Meg would tie her hair up into a bun, and Anna would so conveniently lean forward to pull out a few strands of her hair, and then roam her eyes across Meg's face and mumble
And he couldn't do that.
Castiel broke into a smile, and Dean felt something inside him rejuvenate. As if it had been lost, or perhaps even
He wanted to forget, he really did. He wished, so desperately, that when he opened his eyes, the pain and the hurt would disappear, but it never did.
A few days had gone by since Dean had met up with Castiel and the gang, and spoken to Bobby about their plan. For the past two days, Sam had helped them set up a forum online which allowed people to submit text entries either with their name or anonymously. And for the two of those days, Castiel had been minutely checking each and every detail. Thankfully, Sam and Castiel seemed to have similar tastes, because the website turned out absolutely great and working. But that wasn't all that went down in the past few days.
Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting—
"Alright then," Castiel mumbled, "-let me know if you find someone."
how could Dean hold back when Castiel was being
"If this is the standard of brilliance at Sandover, I'm sorry but I might have to reconsider our partnership." Castiel twitched the corner of his lip in the slightest of a smirk. Dean gave a tight grin, trying to hide the fluster on his face, and nodded to himself.
you?"
date they'd go to the book fair.
"Why do you keep doing this?" Dean asked, his voice unexpectedly exasperated as he clutched his head in his hands.
It was unmistakably Alastair, and Dean clenched a fist as he listened.
With a smile spreading across Dean's face, a newfound vigour in his movements and spirit, Dean jogged across the field, heart pounding with excitement and nervous anticipation, stomach and nerves tingling as he pushed the door into the gym open, and ran across the room, never stopping, never looking back, and into the corridor of the school, which was abandoned and empty. Castiel was at the library, all he had to do was go up to him and say it. Just say it.
A fresh, hot pump of adrenaline coursed through Dean's body as he grabbed Alastair by the collar, and thrashed him into the wall behind. Dean curled his hand into a fist, and unleashed it on Alastair's face.
"With all due respect, ma'am, do
to be by Castiel's side right then, but time was of essence, and he for once, had the opportunity to pay Alastair back for the years he'd spent kissing his foot, for all the times Alastair had threatened Castiel, for the taunts, the teasing, and for— for hurting Castiel. Even then, the sight of Castiel on his knees, clothes torn and disheveled, and his eyes begging for an end to his misery—
"So, you mean…?"
It was a Friday, and still, the group had made no progress. People would appreciate the club, but never participate. And Castiel was seething with anger. Dean could see it. There were a few minutes left to recess, and if Castiel couldn't find people today as well, he would only have a week left to deal with Gordon and Alastair.
Castiel's mouth fell open. Okay, so he hadn't expected Mr. Singer to
Tears welled at the rim of his eyes unbidden, and he tried to blink them away while Dean was asleep. He shoved his palm into his eyes to rub away the tears, only to feel another drop of tears roll down his face.
He was Castiel's classmate, although they never spoke much. Far too many times Castiel had lost his cool in class because of Dean Winchester. Class delinquent. There were about a hundred rumours floating around about him, about how he'd been to juvenile detention, about how he'd slept with the principal's daughter, and the likes. Castiel never understood why someone like Dean ever enrolled and got into an elite, private school like Lawrence High, but well, apparently, Dean had decent grades. So, yes, Dean may as well have been Castiel's rival.
"A bully?"
Warm, wet, inviting— Dean almost felt a spark crackle between them as their lips met— hasty, impatient, desperate. The last knot holding Castiel in place slipped undone, and Dean hooked his hands under the boy's thighs to haul him up in his arms as their lips met in a flurry of heat, kissing, sucking, nipping, moaning. Dean's feet swayed from side to side, before he crashed Castiel's back into the wall behind them, and heard the boy let out a broken gasp.
Sure, a chill ran down Castiel's spine at the sound of those words, but he willed himself to remain silent, simply staring down at Dean.
I'll call you after dinner.
apart. But today," Dean gulped, and cradled Castiel's face in his hands, letting his forehead rest against Castiel's, "-today you can't hold me back."
Inch by inch, Dean thrust right in, until he was buried to the hilt, his balls slapping Castiel's taint as he stayed buried in Castiel's ass for a moment.
Something in Mr. Singer's eyes softened, and he stepped aside to allow both students in. Castiel noted how Mr. Singer studied his wristwatch, before shutting the door behind them.
Anna smiled, and nodded. She looked down to her hands, as if gathering her thoughts, and they let her. After a few moments of quiet, she spoke up, her voice wet but heavy.
"—he was bleeding, Dean, between his legs."
Castiel hummed at that, before closing the binder, and tossing it on to the table. "Revise it? I suggest renewing it from the start. Even an amateur could do better."
A moment of silence passed between them, before Bobby sighed, and clapped a hand over Dean's shoulder. There was something wise, something proud in his eyes, although Dean couldn't realise why Bobby would ever be proud of him. If anything, Dean wouldn't be surprised to see disappointment.
Before Dean could ramble on about his
Dean chuckled at that, and Castiel caught him staring for a few seconds. Castiel's face flared with heat, and he tore his eyes away from Dean's apple-green ones with a shy grin. It wasn't until Meg cleared her throat that both Dean and Castiel turned to her.
"—I see you, and I know that the things you do for fun don't define you, okay? Don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Not even me."
Dean leaned in for a fraction of a second, before letting go of Castiel and staggering back a few steps.
Their eyes met, and Castiel looked to Dean in a silent urge to come back to him, which Dean did.
Bobby clapped him on the shoulder, before turning away, and Dean watched as he walked away, but paused for a moment, "—oh and kid? Keep the PDA down at school."
Castiel had punched Dean.
It carved itself into the walls of Dean's memories.
"I don't, I don't want to talk about that," Castiel stuttered, his voice wet and low, and Dean noticed how he turned away, not meeting Dean's eye. Dean wanted to know more, though, even if it was selfish of him to. He wanted to know if Castiel was fine. He had the goddamn right to, because he loved Castiel, would always love him, he would do or give anything just to see Castiel smile the way he always did— light, carefree, toothy; something so unrestrained about his happiness, something so contagious it helped brighten Dean's mood as well, Dean wished it would return. He wished Castiel felt happier. And he deserved to. Castiel deserved every, single joy in the world, and Dean would die trying to find it for him.
"For the next month, since I'm feeling generous. But if you fuck up, just know my fingers are
"You been hangin' with this homo a lot lately. What, you been tryin' out some ass? Got tired of pussy?" Alastair laughed, and his two sidekicks, Nick and Gordon, laughed in accord. Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head.
"All bad, I presume. Not that we blame him." Naomi sighed, and rose up to her feet. Dean faltered, but the gift-basket in his hand reminded him of its purpose.
He was blushing.
"The desk, Castiel, lick it clean."
How wouldn't he?
"Yes, sir. Along with Gordon Walker and Nick Morningstar."
"It did. I bled for a few minutes, but not anymore. I got a check-up this morning, I just have to take some meds for muscle pain. And then there's Dean, he said I can't come to school for three days at least."
Silence settled between them— no, in truth, Nick and Gordon were laughing, but the ringing in Dean's ear had drowned it out. Castiel gulped behind him, and Dean felt his fury rise higher every second.
"Why not?"
"Thank
And so, Castiel did. But Dean wouldn't pick up. One call, two, three, four— Castiel called him eighteen times. But not once did Dean pick up. Not once did he return a call. And that had Castiel scared. Either Dean was sleeping, which was the milder scenario, or he was furious enough to not bother responding, and Castiel hoped it was anything but the second scenario.
And something in Castiel had just flipped in the morning. He had tried to be brave, he really had, but he wasn't sure he could look Gordon and Nick in the eye anymore. No, he couldn't. Because every time he would, he would be reminded of the ruthless way they stole his body from him, and against his will, used it like a mere playtoy.
The train came to a gradual halt, and the man sent Castiel a wink before expertly slipping away, into the crowd, and out of the compartment. Castiel had no time to even process what he'd just done, before he felt the crowd glance at him with strange, vile looks.
Dean wrapped his hand around it, stroking it deliciously before pushing a thumb between Castiel's legs. Castiel faltered, his mouth dropping open in pure ecstasy as he fell back against the desk, and spread his legs open wide for Dean. Dean cursed, and felt an insatiable hunger take over him as he stared down at Castiel's gorgeous, perfect pink pucker. It quivered when Dean brushed his thumb over it— greedy for a cock to swallow— and Dean's breath hitched the moment his thumb slipped inside and Castiel let out the loudest moan Dean had ever heard.
"I— what happened to me?" Castiel asked, feeling a tell-tale thrumming of an oncoming headache in the back of his head.
"God, look at you Novak, pretending to be all goody-goody, all smart and pure, but really, you're just a bitch, aren't you? A bitch who likes to get fucked in her tight, little hole like a whore." Dean pulled his fingers out, rolled on a condom, slicked his cock up, and pressed the head to Castiel's hole. Castiel gasped, and let out a loud, breathy moan. Dean was big, hung like a horse, and throbbing when he filled Castiel up— so deep, so good.
Dean quirked his lip, and slipped out of his seat and over to Castiel. The two of them stared at each other for a long moment before Castiel sighed. "What is it?"
Castiel laughed at that, and thankfully, the tension between them had seeped away. "Alright then," Dean clapped his hands together, "—I'm gonna' fuck you good enough to make Michael question his masculinity, yeah?"
He should have known better. He should have known better than to fall for his mother's facade. And sure, Michael had been a good host, decent at the very least, but then the moment Naomi had laid her eyes on Dean, she had gone stern.
"No, it's not."
How he wished life could be this way forever.
"Dad," Dean called out after a few seconds of lingering at the door. The only response Dean received was a disgruntled hum. "Castiel and his parents want me to come over for dinner. Mind if I go? I'll stay the night at his place."
Dean felt a drop in his gut.
"At junior prom," She started, and Castiel's eyes snapped up to meet hers at the realisation of what she was getting into, "-Alastair, Gordon, and Nick—" Castiel could see it was taking her so much effort to say it out, "—they sexually assaulted me in my own bedroom. Last Friday, at Benny's house party, I realized what happened to Castiel, and I—" She sucked in a heavy breath, wiping away a few tears with her thumb, "—I wanted to make sure he was alright. That he wasn't as alone as I had been."
Back in class, Dean tried concentrating, but he simply couldn't. In his mind, he kept seeing the sight of Castiel, being used and violated, and he couldn't bear it.
"Because it has to be someone."
Anticipation of Dean's touch, of Dean's lips, of Dean's hands. Of
Dean considered for a moment.
"Did you miss me?" Castiel asked, mischief lacing his voice, and Dean smiled.
Benny sucked in a loud breath, and pushed his tray away. "Maybe he's scared, Dean. I mean, it's only been a few days. Wouldn't you be scared in his place? Besides, you went psycho over what you saw, he's probably worried about what you'd do if you found out what actually went down."
"Eggs are burnin'," John yelled from the top of his lungs, and Dean's eyes widened with panic as he scampered into the kitchen and saw the light puff of smoke floating in the air. All the while, John sat stock-still, reading the news, completely unfazed, and Dean opened up the window clear the smoke out of the kitchen. Whatever. He'll have these for himself. He'll make Sam a new batch.
"Fuck," Dean groaned, and just to annoy Castiel, for the drama of it all, let out a pained cry.
Dean gulped. "What?"
"It's not your fault. I asked you to leave, even when you didn't want to. It's not your fault," Castiel smiled, and though vaguely, it was reassuring. Dean swallowed nervously, and let his forehead rest against the top of Castiel's head.
Castiel snapped his head around to find Dean's eyes glued to the way Castiel's ass was spilling out from the small seat of his chair, and he froze for a moment, realising Dean had witnessed it— the fabric brushing against his taint— and he'd gasped too. Which meant he'd been as surprised as Castiel.
Dean sent him one last wave, before turning away and onto the main street. With a loopy smile on his face and a skip in his gait, Castiel ambled over towards his house, but he paused in his tracks the moment he noticed someone waiting at the front door. It was a woman, judging by her brown, shoulder length hair and her curvy waist. A black leather jacket hung on her shoulders, and she stood with her arms folded across her chest. As Castiel approached her, he felt an odd feeling of somehow
"Anything else, doctor?" Castiel asked, as he buttoned his shirt up. Dr. Sunders, a sweet, young lady in her early thirties, smiled down at him, and ran a hand through his hair. Castiel hadn't planned on spending his Sunday morning in a hospital, but Dean had insisted on getting a physical check-up after what had happened on Friday.
Mr. Singer's eyes roamed their faces for a moment, before he smiled in the slightest, and nodded his head slowly. "That would be an apt statement, yes. So I do know everything that happened on Friday. And I'm sorry I couldn't bring it up in school. The conversation Dean and I had was strictly out of school hours, so neither him or me are liable to record those statements as valid during school time. But I just— no one should have to go through what you went through, son," Mr. Singer's eyes stared right into Castiel's, and for a moment, Castiel could feel this immense affection and wisdom coursing through him, coming from Mr. Singer, and he hung his head down.
"I'm not hungry."
And with that, Dean dashed up the stairs to call Castiel and confirm his arrival.
Once again, Castiel grabbed Dean's hands, and led them down to the buckle of his trousers. Dean quickly unzipped Castiel's pant, and slipped his broad, rough hands inside, down the bare, naked curve of Castiel's ass, and boy, if it didn't feel
Maybe he didn't.
"Sure, dad."
"I don't think I've ever seen someone so horrified before."
11th February, 2021.
"That so, boy? Well, in that case, I should just break every bone in your body, shouldn't I? And this—" Dean laughed, and stepped on Alastair's crotch, watching as the colour bled from Alastair's face, and he gasped and choked on the floor, "-you wanted to fuck Cas till he was
His jaw ached with how tight he had locked it, and he clenched his fists, trying to hold back a scream. He wanted to punch something,
"Cas, sweetheart," Dean whispered, and got up on his knees to pull Castiel into a soft, warm hug. He felt Castiel crumple his uniform shirt in his hands, and the wetness of his tears seeped into Dean's shirt. When Dean shut his eyes, all he could think of was the pair of guilty, pain-stricken eyes he'd witnessed on Friday, and his own legs threatened to shake under him as he held onto Cas.
to be with you, it's, it's terrifying, and, and all-consuming."
"I want to see you come on my cock, Cas. Could you hold on a little longer?" Dean asked, a soft, tender grin playing at his lips. And with Dean smiling down at Castiel, almost like an angel, how could Castiel even be angry at him. He nodded, and pulled Dean down into another kiss, this time shifting the spotlight onto Dean's cock as he rose up to his knees, and pushed Dean back on the bed in his place.
With that, he tossed his phone aside, and sat up on the bed, pulling on a pair of sweatpants that clung to his ass, and sauntered down the stairs, into the kitchen. Right as he ducked into the fridge to grab a piece of chocolate, the doorbell rang.
Castiel slumped down to the floor on his knees in front of Dean, and watched with heavy eyes as Dean rolled of the condom, and jerked his cock off in front of Castiel's face. Castiel adjusted his glasses, hoping to put them away, when Dean's hand grabbed him and stopped him.
"You want me to be your slave? To do your assignments and essays for you while you go sleep around with whores?"
"Or would you like to come on my face? I'd wear my glasses for you, and you can come on them as much as you'd like. I promise I'll lick every drop clean, boss, can't have your come wasted away, can we?"
Dean grabbed Castiel's hand in his own, and leaned into the touch, "-s'my job, Cas."
Benny had a point. He really did. And now that Dean thought of it, he was right. Why should Dean care what people thought of him? Or of Castiel? If anything, it would be better if people knew Castiel belonged to Dean, they'd trouble him less at school that way. But then there arose the question of
Tears streamed down Castiel's face. A disgusting, rough hand slipped under his trousers, and into the back of his pants, and he couldn't even tell who it belonged to at that point, when at once, he watched with absolute horror, as Alastair stepped back.
Dean could almost hear the pounding of his heart within his head.
Castiel sighed, and turned to watch the crowd behind him. The walls seemed to shake with every beat of the bass, and the people on the floor, dancing, grinding, laughing— enjoying themselves, didn't seem to care for the rest of the world as they lost themselves in the high of alcohol, and perhaps even drugs. It wasn't as if Castiel was against drugs or alcohol, he simply didn't care for it much. But he did have his other addictions though, like OnlyPics and Dean. He was sure they were just as worse as weed and alcohol.
A warm hand drifted up Castiel's thigh and pressed into the small bulge in his sweats. Castiel caught Dean's eyes, and nodded, although hesitant, but in his heart, deep down, he knew Dean would never hurt him. With how cautiously and gently Dean pulled his pants down, Castiel realised he was right. His small, pink cock sprang up, throbbing and leaking, and he watched as Dean eyed it for a moment.
"You're not alone, Castiel. I hope you feel better soon."
we do."
"That was fun. God, that was fun." Dean chuckled, and joined Castiel at his side as they walked out the classroom.
"Fine. But don't you dare post that video, I swear, I'll kill you—"
This was all he said at the end. "Just get the lube or whatever. And condoms. And if we get caught by a teacher, it's on you, 'kay?"
"No, no, he didn't shout at me," Dean smiled, and let himself relax under Castiel's gentle gaze, "—he said he'd heard us, and that he'd report Alastair to the authorities."
Their eyes met, and Castiel decided to tease Dean by holding his gaze, and sucking the back of the pen into his mouth. Dean did not falter, although his eyes lingered on the pen for a few seconds, before he turned to face the others in the classroom, and continued to discuss the symbolisms in Slaughterhouse Five.
"I know. Thank you so much, Castiel, but I'd like to get this off  my chest."
Right as Dean was darting through the corridor toward the backside of the farmhouse, something firm crashed against his chest, and he glanced up to see Benny, whose eyes were blown wide.
"I know— I know I promised, but I can't focus— and you, well, you have been more productive in this past hour than I have been in this past
"Dean, please, just stop hanging out with Alistair and his gang of crooks. You're not a delinquent. Stop acting like one. You're better than this." Sam sighed, utter disgust on his face, and Dean watched as he dashed out the door.
