Kayla grabbed the vest and stuffed it into her backpack, "yeah I am just going to take this with me so we don't have you running around with a vested dog without passing your test."
John laughed and gave Sherlock a playful shove, “That is an awful way of convincing me to be your flat mate.”
Hiram raised his hand and the brothers all stopped laughing. “You know this means a lot to Aithne, and I’m not to thrilled about them seeing each other, because despite only seeing each other once, they seem to create some strange challenge to causing disaster and they kept upping the ante but Aithne has done a lot of growing up so I can trust her to make her own informed decisions.”
Sherlock struggled to find his cock, he traced his hand down his front in an attempt to find his cock, but he was so disoriented from being so full that he could barely figure it out. His arms was feeling incredibly heavy. He was actually starting to feel a little bit dizzy. But he managed to find his cock, he started stroking, he was struggling to breath around the silicone cock, but it felt so good. He felt his orgasm about ready to hit, and he drove himself to fuck himself harder on John’s hard cock. He suddenly saw stars and the world turned a bit dark, he felt like he was made of jelly. He could feel cum dripping down his stomach. But the orgasm was secondary to all these other sensations he was feeling. He could still feel John roughly driving his cock into him.
Sherlock picked up the phone and called the morgue, “hi mike, can you please confirm to my friend John that I legally obtained the head that is currently residing in my fridge.” He squirmed uncomfortably as more pre-cum leaked from his cock.
“Ah the internal mechanism broke, and it is welded shut so you can’t open it to repair it. I think I have a solution, go upstairs and change into a short sleeve shirt of natural fibers,” said Sherlock. Also bring down your box of model making supplies and sandpaper.
Mycroft sighed, "caring is not an advantage." He feels like this is just asking for trouble, Dr. Hunter seemed to be a little too happy to work with Eurus almost sentimental. And sentiment was dangerous especially when it involves someone with the capabilities of Eurus.
Ella looked at Sherlock with a bit of amusement, "okay how about this John you see that silk screen over there? Yeah I just use it to cover up the xerox machine. If you feel comfortable just stand behind it. Will that work for you, Sherlock?"
I miss being able to cook whenever I want,” Said John, crouching down to kiss Sherlock again. “Do you hear me loud and clear Boy?”
Sherlock took a deep breath, “I actually don’t know John, I know I want to touch you, but I also find myself wanting to know so much more, I want to explore all the data I can possibly get about you.”
Mycroft shot a look at John and Sherlock, "simple, Sherlock doesn't know when he needs help. I found him in enough crack houses and dark alleys to know he is never good at knowing he is in trouble."
"Foil," called out Mycroft he looked around and noticed Andrea staring at him amused. "So how long have you been married?"
"But Girl, your little fire stunt is why I can't get a full phalloplasty and I swear to g-d if you put your legs on my desk, I will call the IRB on you so fast," snipped Blaze.
Mycroft and Andrea emerged onto the roof, Ella stood next to a group of teenagers in the middle of the strip. "Mycroft, are you fine with us just using the jackets, I mean I think we both are in fairly decent clothes for the rest of this task."
Ella reared back a little and so did Mycroft. They both rushed as each other, Ella did a quick inward jab narrowing missing Mycroft's own foil and swiftly tapping Mycroft's vest, as she rolled the rest of her body away from him. A red light flashed.
"Nah fuck it, the stupider people, the people who were so wrapped up in other people's business and lives that it was just sooo boring. Most people are boring, it is what people survive and how they cope that makes them interesting. Aithne liked putting people back together, she liked seeing them become boring and happy. Not that she wasn't happy, she was happy she loved her life and looked forward to the future. She smiled if this offer came to her 5 years back she would've dropped everything to chase after Eurus. Trying to find that level of intense affinity for another person was a major driving force in her early life, she always thought it weird given that she has a twin, one would think having a twin would do that, but no her twin was always more like her brothers than her and honestly Blaze was rather stupid before he figured his shit out.
“I’m sure you do,” Said John, as he slammed the door, and he immediately started packing his meager belongings.
Sherlock pulled back, “permission to suck your cock, Captain.” His hand already drifting down to John’s zipper.
Ella raised her eyebrows, "Sherlock you prize yourself on your observations, I wouldn't think a feeling without lack of evidence would affect you in such a way."
Sherlock was absolutely gleeful to be having so many dogs. He knew he probably should pick one. He handed the two of the leashes to John, and proceeded to walk with Bosco, for the walk up the block. Bosco's ear movements amused Sherlock because it was all the flop of Beagle ears trying to sweep the ground to increase the scent  but was also twitching and moving much like a corgi trying to hear everything. He thought that it would be pretty good for when he had to track someone or something down but at the same time he was compact enough to take places with little effort. The got to the park. Sherlock nodded and turned to John, "I like Bosco, I think he will be good at sniffing things out while also staying alert. But I am going to still try the others."
Sherlock instant perked up at the request and nodded vigorously in acknowledgment of the request, “Yes Captain.”
Sherlock lifted his head to make room for John’s hands. He watched as John took off his shirt and saw for the first time John completely naked. He noticed the scar on John’s shoulder. “I was trying to deduce what sent you back.” He leaned closer to take In more detail, “there was an infection wasn’t there, so what was originally a clean shot had turned into something unmanageable, and it affects your ability to work as a surgeon.”
“Well biting someone during a time of a pandemic, especially for a disease that was transmitted through spit is especially frowned upon. He bit some posh mum who tried to start a conversation with me, that women was obnoxious and I guess she thought given my coat, my being a bit overwhelmed by the situation at the time, and Ro’s Patagonia jacket, made her think that I was a posh parent like her forced to do the groceries for the first time in forever. Well she had three very loud boys in tow with her,” said Sherlock as he leaned back onto his pillow, and stretching out a little bit.
John and Sherlock sat listening against the door. “Well it looks like you made quite the impression on William’s friends again,” said John as he kissed Sherlock on the tip of his nose. As they sat at the door, John was pressing some ice packs on Sherlock’s knees, since they got bruised from the impact of flying to floor to spare William some embarrassment.
John smiled and reached for Sherlock’s shoulder, “come here.” He kissed Sherlock, while pulling him closer, he ended up with a lap full of Sherlock. John smirked when Sherlock bounced when John started licking and sucking at his neck. He pulled back and held onto Sherlock’s hand directing it to his cock, he wrapped his other hand around Sherlock’s cock and gave it a long slow tug. He brought his fist up and down a few times, and eventually Sherlock started matching John’s movements with his cock. John kept a firm grip on Sherlock’s cock, but as the friction built it got harder to keep up the pace. John spat down on Sherlock’s cock.
"I accept the wager," Mycroft smirked, this is probably going to be a decent match, he was taller than her by three inches, and she didn't seem too much younger than him.
John raised his hand to Sherlock’s face and was amused when Sherlock leaned into his touch, he gently stroked his thumb across Sherlock's lip. He smiled when Sherlock tongue darted out to lick his thumb. He moved his hands to start running his hand through Sherlock’s wavy hair. John temporarily softened his voice but still held a lot of authority in it, “Sherlock are you are aware of the traffic light system? Basically green means go, yellow means slow down, red means stop. I may occasionally ask you for a color, and you respond in such, but also know you can use yellow or red at any time. I don't know but you come across as a very act first, ask later kind of man, given how you got on the floor in the first place. So I am just going to do what ever I want and i am going to put a lot of trust in giving me a color if you need to, basically everything is yes until it is a no. Do you understand the system and is the yes until no agreement okay with you?”
"Yeah missing out on what many people consider an important factor in whether one should or should not do a thing can probably do that to a person. Or it could've the 5 years of life in a children's institution followed by intensive attachment parenting by someone who by all means is not a good parent to use such a tactic. I mean let's be real Mycroft, there can be many factors in one's strangeness," said Aithne laughing. "Also Mycroft, don't tell me to be quiet, I don't take kindly to being silenced, it makes me stubborn and when I am stubborn it clouds my judgement, and let's be honest you don't want me with clouded judgement for this decision."
“You mister posh pants use a wireless charger! Rosie’s phone doesn’t have wireless charging capabilities and I just don’t like them,” snapped John.
Andrea and Ella watched Mycroft move around Ella's offices, they were waiting for Mycroft to crack the code, excited for what was next.
Solomon nodded in acknowledgement, "since you mentioned stairs, I am going to have to send one of my interns out for the training since, well" he gestured at his chair. "I know Kayla is on that side of town, so she would be the most convenient. I can send her, your address as soon as you settle on a meeting time. It is getting close to feeding time, so we should head back."
“It looks like I did,” replied Sherlock, “and apparently it cool that we still like each other.” He changed into some more conventional clothing.
“Yes, it is, I think you both would be interesting together. He’s someone I know from the lab,” replied Mike.
“John, Moriarty had snipers trained on you, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson, if I didn’t jump you would all be dead,” explained Sherlock as he measured John’s inseam. He cursed himself when he started to feel a slight blush spread across his face as he accidentally brushed the back of his hand across John’s cock. “I didn’t want to leave you, but I would do anything to keep you safe.” He gasped when he felt John touch the side of his face.
Kayla smiled, and continued writing in her note book. “Hey Sherlock mind if I come up, so that we can go over the notes. I mean, you did really well today, you and Toby are a great team, she is pretty intuitive for what you need so far from what we have witnessed, but I am definitely going to have to work with you and Toby to see how she can best help you when you are facing issues in particular the suspected seizures, but we can’t know our plan of action until you know your plan of action for the seizures. Otherwise, lets try seeing if we can do a training at a place where you actually have to interact with people because that bit there with the kiosk was ridiculous. So was there anything you felt the need to improve on and do you think Toby has helped you do somethings to day that you otherwise would’ve struggled with tot the point that you would consider not going through with the task.”
"Well you did try to kill her, too and in sooo many different ways," said Aithne laughed and a loud snort came out.
Mycroft nodded, “i’ll make sure it happens.” He started his car off slowly and drove away following the law perfectly. He started laughing, he may lost control of many things in his life today, but he can still put up a fucking traffic light.
"No John you both don't have to have your own dog, you can share it," stated Ella. "I mean between Sherlock's issues with isolation and over stimulation and you nightmares, I think the right therapy dog can fit you both. I can get the paper work started, so that you can get a therapy dog. And if your landlord objects, then I can get all the required legal documentation you need."
“I think we will, also i think we proved that it is going to take a lot of effort for you to end me,” Replied John with a cheeky grin on his face.
Kayla laughed again, "maybe you can show us the apartment at least to put Toby's stuff away, and then we can hit up the shops so that I can see how you navigate public spaces with her. Hey Sherlock can you bring out your clicker, that way you can practice marking out where she is and isn't allowed to be in the apartment. Also since you are the second floor, Do you want the first floor to be an acceptable place for her to be?"
Solomon shook his head, "no most of these guys are dogs that haven't gotten along with any of our current clients, I am sure we will eventually find homes for all of them, but sometimes we will drive them out to other regions to see if any of them get along with folks out there."
"She is Dr. Aithne Hunter. She runs a re-entry program call Maureen Russo, essentially they take people who have been in institutions for an extremely long time and gently helps them re-enter society outside of the institutions. You know her twin brother actually, he was your roommate first year of university. And he was in your house share for the rest of university as well. Not sure why they all kept you on because apparently you didn't get along well with any of them," said Violet.
Kayla nodded in agreement, "okay is there any particular reason why you don't like going to the shops?"
“Promise me you’ll tell me if you don’t want to do a thing okay, or if you don’t like something. You may take whatever I’ll give you, but you do deserve to like what I give you,” Said John, smiling at Sherlock.
As they left the store, dad had a look on his face like he was about to break out in laughter. Dad turned to him and said, “Samson, if your mac breaks again, maybe we should consider Samson Chromebook.”
The bedazzled twink nodded in agreement, “yes, I’m a make up artist, completed the MAC and Bobbi Brown programs at Academy of Freelance Make Up, I usually do fashion week, photography shoots, TV make up, and of course formal events if they got the coin. Go ahead touch me, this glitter is so set that it won’t move unless I want it to, but yes definitely Kyrolan. Babe, you got one hell of a set of eyes on you.”
Solomon sighed, "yeah that's what I get for trying to do my own garbage. Anyway what are you looking for? Service dog, therapy dog, blood hound, or just a pet? We don't do the last two options though, and if that's what you are looking for I can show you some excellent adoption groups and great trainers."
Sherlock nodded and took on the Mastador, he felt it really pulling him and he thought that maybe he would take a bit of work, he looked around the park. There was a pond and it was filled with ducks. Bopper looked like he was scanning his surroundings, Sherlock thought that he would make a great watchdog and would probably be very loyal, he liked that about Bopper, it was very easy to feel safe with Bopper. He looked around and noticed Solomon and Golem were just resting by a bench. And Rosie and Mrs. Hudson were looking at the flowers.  Sherlock smiled, for once he was just seeing what was in front of him, he didn't feel like he had to look at every possible detail just in case something went wrong. "I like Bopper as well, I feel like he can take on a lot of the background noise, like I can really focus on important details and not get consumed by the background noise. But there is one more dog, this is going to be a hard decision."
Sherlock was still bouncing on John’s slowly softening cock, and he was amused at how quickly John shut up at the introduction of Sherlock’s continued stimulation to John’s highly sensitive post orgasm cock. He pressed on despite the fact that John started to wiggle uncomfortably under Sherlock. He started to feel really close to orgasm at this point, he reared back and started wanking away at his cock, he enjoyed the John’s rather adoring look, and he was overcome with the need to kiss him or mark him. His started to cum and he covered John’s chest with a rather spectacular amount of spunk, some even managed to John’s face, and he knew he was going to have to cum all over that face someday. “Mine,” he said as he started smear his cum accross John’s chest. He leaned over John and started kissing him again.
Blaze shook his head and took a deep breath, he sat down in his chair and Wolf sat next to him. “No the other things were not helpful, they were awful, i’ll call Dr. Paulo and i’ll do it in front of you or Wolf, so that you can be sure that I made the call.”
Mycroft sighed, “tell me something I don’t know, I could always just run the facial recognition but that will take ages I want something to narrow it down.”
"You purposely triggered John, so as to trigger Sherlock, I almost feel like you are the one who needs to slow down in this moment. Remember last week when Sherlock asked to put down some boundaries on just how involved you can be in observing him. You violating his privacy in terms of accessing his case notes is worse than just not backing down when he asked, this is crossing a boundary that doesn't need to be crossed. It isn’t even a matter of respecting your brother at this point it has become a matter of respecting the law,” said Anthea, even more worried for her boss. She hoped he would at least see this as some what wrong.
Sherlock pulled off John’s hand and turned around. He opened the condom packet and rolled it onto John’s cock and poured some more lube over it. “Hold yourself for me.” He lowered himself onto John’s cock and gasped as he got to the hilt, he stayed still for a minute as he got used to John’s cock. He barred down on John’s cock squeezing his internal muscles around John’s cock. He smirked as John threw his head back in pleasure he took in all of John’s details, he added it all to John’s room in his mind palace. As soon as he adjusted he started to ride John at an intense bruising speed, that occasionally made John wince but Sherlock pressed on. He started to play with John nipples switching between licking them and pinching them. Sherlock smilrked every time he made John gasp and at times scream.
“Yeah Wolf, definitely do that and gag him if you have to, because last thing we need is for him to make yet another outlandish announcement of donation or declaring war on the American Healthcare Act or whatever travesty the republicans will come up to undo the Affordable Care Act. I mean yes he means well, but we really can’t afford to offend too many politicians, we want that ADAP and Ryan White funding to be as protected as possible,” said Scott with a tone that suggested joking, but his face said I am so fucking serious, gag him if you need to.
John slightly shifted awkwardly because something about this felt a little wrong but since Sherlock consented to it and it was his idea than it had to be okay. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes and started to take a piss. He could hear it hitting the porcelain of the tub. He opened his eyes and looking at Sherlock as if trying to ask for reassurance.
William glared as his dad before dramatically turning around and stomping his  way back to his room.
“Yes, and it is bloody inconvenient that we were banned it was the closest grocery store and we were banned during the bloody quarantine. We had to get delivery because we couldn’t just sent out Mrs. Hudson and your brother was too busy to work his magic. And your homeless network got shelter in placed, so there wasn’t any quick way to get groceries. You know what, you never told me what you got us banned,” said John. He sighed and ran his hand through his hair, “Okay Sherlock, what does that have to do with Ro being trans?”
Aithne huffed and quickly planted her feet on the ground, "other than the current conversation, you know I haven't done anything that warrants calling them right? I mean I don't make my colleagues edit the EHR when shit goes wrong. And I thought you said you liked your front hole too much to even consider phallo."
Mycroft tilted his head, “I am neither confirming nor denying that as my intent, but do if you please share what you observed that made you make that deduction?”
John was having a hard time keeping up, but his height made it easier to squeeze through the crowd, but the cane and limp was the thing that really troubled him. John swore the crowd was literally parting for Sherlock. He couldn’t blame them for parting, he did kind of blame them for instantly closing rank once Sherlock passed. That was some real ableist shit. He saw Sherlock take a sharp turn into an alley, and by the time he took the turn. No one was in Alley, he started to cautiously scan his surroundings hoping to find Sherlock. Suddenly he felt a set of hands on him. He swiftly grabbed them and shifted his center of gravity downward to throw his attacker over his shoulder. His attacker was on the ground John leapt on top of him to pin him down. He was about to throw some punches when he realized he just threw Sherlock. He froze and mentally kicked himself, this probably killed his  chances of finding a flat mate in Sherlock or even getting into Sherlock's pants. He couldn’t even get himself off of Sherlock, he was so panicked.
Molly watched him get out with a look of exasperation, “Sherlock! Remember to give back John’s phone! It is rude to keep people’s possessions without their permission!” She held out an envelope, “And you can't just read your own test, we are actually trained for that! You aren’t and you don’t even fill out your paper work for your cases, so what makes me think you are going to do the follow up paperwork for your labs. Also here sign this so you can get your money!”
Sherlock quickly looked at his phone with furled eyebrows, the look of confusing was rather amusing. “Harry, I take it there is something you know that we don’t know.” The phone moaned again, Sherlock whispered to John, “Irene Adler seems to have gotten ahold of the photo we just took.”
John laughed, “Violet, Siger, that is a very generous offer, but I am not sure I am ready to take you up on the offer. I mean not now you know, maybe after me and Sherlock settle more into the idea of being an us, you know.”
John laughed, "yeah I don't think we need a fourth criminal mastermind coming for you, I mean how many enemies can one man make?"
Sherlock rolled off the bed dramatically and he got back up taking off clothes and heading to the shower.
“And same for the fishnets, I always wanted a pair but I am too tall for anything I find in the shops,” said Ryver.
Sherlock came back to the room holding Rosie, “John we’ve only been together officially as a couple for two weeks and you are already talking with my parents about marriage?”
Uncle Rudy sighed, “okay roofs are okay if no one is looking upon them. You know maybe toss in some of the parks and bathrooms known for cottaging if you must, but again please be careful. I won’t always be around to bail you out.”
Violet stopped staring at Sherlock and looked at John, "I believe so, one of primary school teachers was trying to decide if he was day dreaming or having seizures. We didn't look too much into it though because he seemed fine."
"I don't like crowded because it is too much info, and I can't pick what to focus on. Some times it is so distracting that I loose track of important stuff or I get so focused that I end up in a place with little knowledge as to why I am there," said Sherlock.
"And I decided to return to therapy, much as I started first going to Dr. Thompson as a way of feeling closer to John, I realized that I also just didn't know how to handle things myself. And it just made things easier, I mean it almost makes me wish I actually continued going to the therapists after I got out of residential treatment when I was younger. I can imagine that I might just be a different person now. Ultimately she was the one who did have us slow down a bit in our whole reuniting time period because she was worried that in our rush to find each other again. Rosie would be neglected or we would just create a cycle of blow ups. And we both agreed that if we couldn't navigate it ourselves in a conducive way, we would need an outside party," added Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded and looked at the collie-lurcher mix, Toby looked to be rather fast. Sherlock thought Toby was constantly scanning the path a head of them. He liked that because again he just liked being able to let the dog make the decision on some sounds. It was working like a filter where he didn't have to process too much info that way. He turned to John, "I like this one too, he seems focused but also aware of his surroundings. I can't decide on one."
Siger smirked, "maybe Eurus and her could've made great friends. Then again if I am remembering that day right, I think they were the only ones who got along, they spent it playing with airplanes. Mycroft got stuck in a tree getting away from the oldest twins because Mycroft made some mean remarks about them being dyslexic. Sherlock got in a fight with Blaze over Cluedo, and that really left a mark on Blaze because that was the first thing he yelled at Sherlock when they realized they were going to be roommates at Cambridge, Sherlock didn't recognize him of course, but Miriam and Hiram did tell us it was probably for the best that we didn't jog Sherlock's memory when it came to Blaze because it helped with the whole trans thing. Of course Sherlock deduced it by day two, at least it wasn't when they were in a group, lord knows he was more tactless back when he was younger. Oh g-d why do we know that much about those kids?"
Ella nodded, and internally she thought that the way that the physical contact was initiated and acted out was a good sign for the couple, they seemed like they were both mindful of how they interacted with each other and boundaries were set so far. She thought for a second and said, "Sherlock, it is okay to mourn the time lost to trauma, and it is going to take a lot of time to break down the walls you built to protect yourself from what you faced in the past. But you have made so much progress, and that progress deserves to be acknowledged. Yes what happened to you and your sister has indeed shaped the person you are today, and some of that experience has lead you to finding more complications and brought some dangerous people into your life, but you have started to acknowledge that, and that is a big thing for any person, especially because you lived with this for so long, but also remember you are no longer alone, you have people who love and respect you. You are very brave not only for what you've gone through but also how you are facing it."
John blushed and found himself struggling at what to say, “I wasn’t talking about marriage, your parents were.”
“Be a good boy and don’t touch your captain,” said John as he guided Sherlock’s wrists so that Sherlock had his hands resting behind his head.
“Oh Pretty Boy, you are absolutely smitten, we’ll just let you be, go and do some domestic for your man,” Said Kate as she started nudging Irene and Jeanine off the stoop.
"Hello John, Rosie is already upstairs with Sherlock, he came looking for you, but when I told him what was going on, he just took Rosie back up to your flat," replied Mrs. Hudson.
“No he isn't actually an employee of ours, and he would make a terrible tester. He wouldn’t even make it through his first testing session, his name is Sherlock,” said Mike with a smile. “He would be so judgey and if not the he would probably keep accusing the client of lying on the screener, he is also someone who really, really, really shouldn’t judge.
"To me that feels weird but I am not going to stop you," said John with a large smile spreading across his face.
John Watson sat in his chair a little too smug, for a man who was plastered all over social media gagging another man with his cock. He didn't really care, he was out of that shitty little bed sit and the smartest, most gorgeous, most infuriating man he has ever met, wants him as a flat mate and possibly fuck buddy in a centrally located apartment in London, maybe more he’s open for that, he doesn't know what he did but he is going to need to thank someone. That person was probably Mike.
John pulled his fingers out of Sherlock and  swat his hand away. He pulled Sherlock flush to him, “if you want this cock, boy.” He thrusted against Sherlock for emphasis, and tightened his grip on Sherlock’s cock, “I want to hear you beg.” He started to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt but out of frustration he tore the last few buttons off. He started kissing and biting at Sherlock as more skin was revealed.
John was walking at a leisurely pace back to his bedsit, he knew it would be rather ridiculous to move in with Sherlock, after knowing him for less than a day, but given that he might actually get kicked out of the bedsit for getting caught with a visitor he might not have a choice. He wasn’t complaining the address is amazing but he wasn’t sure what it would actually look like but at least Sherlock was interesting. He actually felt pretty good and given that he spent the past couple of weeks seriously considering eating his gun. This might not be the worst thing to happen, and Sherlock was ridiculously gorgeous and he was still baffled as to why Sherlock even chose him, but he decided not to dwell on it.
Sherlock took the offered drink and started to take small sips of the electrolyte water John offered him.” He smiled at John, curious of what he had in store for him. He let himself get wrapped around by John’s arms. He felt safe, which wasn’t always a feeling he had access to, but he had it now and that’s all that matters.
Sherlock nodded and leaned into John’s hand when he reached out to pet him. He wiggled his tail happily as John continued petting him. He never had John touch him this way and he found that John’s touch was rather addictive. He found himself wishing that he could have John touch him in other places as well.
Violet's eyes narrowed at Mycroft, "we went to visit all the neighbors and not one of them had a bug, we used an anti surveillance device to sweep it, nothing was found. Sure there was plenty of CCTV cameras lying on public property but none of them was in their houses. We are dealing with more surveillance than the normal  family."
Sherlock looked al little bit taken aback, as he realized the effect this might be playing on John, “I’m sorry, I can just um… move if you want.”
John nodded only more intrigued by Sherlock, “you work with a lot of the new doctors, and I am a lot older than him, and I remember being a new doctor why not pair him up with one of them?”
Sherlock was surprised and wasn’t sure what to make of the following events as John rolled a condom on to his cock and had slick poured over it. He was pulled up into a sitting position, and John started kissing him in a rather sloppy manner that was one step away from being fairly unattractive but was currently that of someone rather enthusiastic. Sherlock also noticed that John was definitely naked from the waist down which was a new development given that he definitely felt fabric the entire time John was plowing him. John pulled back and held the brown bottle to Sherlock nose. Sherlock wasn’t exactly sure where this was going but took a deep breath from the popper when John told him to. He let out a shout as John lowered himself onto his cock. He found the sensation to be rather intense and he was surprised at how tight it could be. Sherlock wasn’t one to top people, Irene would even go as far to say he was a bossy bottom, whatever that meant, he just knew what he liked and wanted out of sex, and topping wasn’t exactly it. But this was good, this was interesting, the warmth that was initially fading was renewing and the urge to touch and be touch came along with it. He gasped as John rode him furiously, he wasn’t quite sure what do with his hands, he tried reaching for John’s spent cock but John knocked it away. He placed his hands on John’s thick muscle thighs and appreciated their definition, he grabbed onto John’s asscheeks and spread them, rubbing his finger along john’s stretched hole. Sherlock smirked at the gasp John made, he leaned forward and started to nuzzle John’s Beard, taking in that musky, sweaty scent and he kissed a trail up from John’s neck and started kissing John again. His hands drifted from John’s ass to his shirt. The poppers was making him crave some skin to skin contact and John’s insistence on keeping on his clothing only hindered that effort. It was frustrating, so he started to unbutton John’s shirt, but John grabbed him by the wrists.
Mycroft paused for a moment and said, "no we are just having a conversation, sometimes stronger methods of persuasion are needed for these things."
"You don't need to duel for the pay raise, I'll just tell the administration that you are due for a pay raise and probably a title change if the treasury fights it," replied Mycroft, feeling a bit uncomfortable that he wasn't aware that Andrea was earning only as much as any other agencies executive assistants, she had to put up with a lot more than anyone else. "Okay what do you want to replace that part of the wager with?"
Sherlock and John looked surprised at the request but hugged Sherlock's parents. When they pulled away from they were surprised to see Violet crying.
John sighed, and held Sherlock tightly, “Okay I guess, but just so you know you have to clean all of this up.”
"I'd say with me, but I highly doubt John would allow it and we have an agreement that we are to make decisions of that magnitude together," said Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded, still with the dildo in his mouth. Smirking at the reaction John had as it slid in and out his throat with the nod. Sherlock was someone who was open to different levels of sex ranging from soft passionate, overly sentimental sex that one could refer to a “making love” to absolutely filthy fucking and right now it looked like Sherlock wanted it filthy. Sherlock took a deep breath when John finally let him breath again, but at that same moment John shoved his cock all the way in, not letting Sherlock have a chance to adjust. “Finally,” thought Sherlock, he spent a lot of time in the past couple of weeks for John to go in harder, but much to his disappointment John always held back.
“Yeah who can forget, your temporary prosthetic failed and that’s how the extended family all found out not all of you made it back from Afghanistan,” said
“You saw the usual example of what happens just a few minutes ago,” said Sherlock, “do try to keep up. How do you feel about the violin? I play it to help me think, I figure flatmates should know the worst part of each other first.”
“Are you telling me, my incredibly patient landlady is also a recreational pharmacist?” Said Sherlock who slightly swayed as he stood looking at them from the bottom step. “Why am I even asking? The idea of her growing pot in the basement is a pretty decent explanation for the utility bills.”
They found Sherlock curled up on the couch, he was staring blankly, his mouth occasionally made some chewing motions. John walked over to the couch and offered a hand, "hey Sherlock are you okay?"
"Sherlock, I'm sorry," said John trying to figure out what to say, he wasn't even sure if Sherlock could hear him. "I was having a dream, one I haven't had in years. It was a flashback from when I was a kid." He realized that he probably shouldn't approach Sherlock until he was calmer.
John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, “Hey, wait Mike Stamford? Oh it’s me John Watson I think we were in school together.”
“Oh Sherlock, I don’t even keep the stuff in the house. I don’t want the temptation to be after all,” replied Mrs. Hudson.
Violet looked at Mycroft with a touch of concern, "Mycroft, you have been protecting us since you were young, you had to shoulder the burden of knowing Eurus was still alive for all this time. You apparently have a huge amount of influence in global affairs. But after all that what else do you have to protect us from?"
John saw what Sherlock was doing, and he was mildly mortified that Sherlock would rather pass out than ask him to stop, but he knew Sherlock was only doing this to follow the rule to stay quiet, and quite frankly John found that incredibly hot. The idea that Sherlock was willing to do that only made this situation hotter. Well he might as well speed things up to save him or maybe he should just keep that early promise to cover him in cum. He slapped Sherlock’s hand away and wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s throat but he didn’t hold down, he gave Sherlock a few seconds to recover. And when he felt Sherlock was ready for it, he quickly grasped the sides of Sherlock’s throat, compressing both carotid and jugular veins for a few short seconds while he fucked his throat rather violently, he smirked at the look of bliss on Sherlock’s face. He suddenly pulled out and let go of Sherlock’s throat.
Billy smirked, “yeah I think that is Harry Watson’s big brother, Harry’s that one butch who keeps falling of the wagon and showing up at the queer 12 step Program to argue with Clara, her ex... but you know I think they both need to be in CoDA, their whole break up to make up thing is really affecting the group. Yeah the brother, Johnny or Jamie is his name if memory isn’t failing me, used to come swooping in and drag her out,  don’t know what happened to him, lately, but I’m guessing he was shipped out. Harry tends to go on about how he is a doctor and how their parents love him more than they love her.”
Siger sighed, "Mycroft, that reaction alone suggests that you know exactly what we are talking about. So maybe you can humor us a bit on the idea of maybe laying off Sherlock on the whole spying thing, we just want to see what behaviors change for him. I mean we understand why you do it, but at the same time maybe it is time to let go. He hasn't gotten the fancy of any criminal masterminds lately and I think he needs some privacy in order to grew a bit more. Also from what I heard it is going to be in the ICD 11."
Mike stared at Molly for a few seconds and looked at the line of folks waiting to get tested. “Who?”
Sherlock snapped at John “Oh come on John I asked for...” John managed to stop Sherlock midsentance by aiming the stream right in his mouth. Sherlock swallowed some but let the rest drip down his neck and chest.
John frowned at the alcohol comment, but was rather annoyed to see that was yet another thing Mycroft took account of.
John shrugged his shoulders, " I don't know Sherlock if you can keep human body parts in a fridge next to food we ate before Rosie came along, I am sure you can let Rosie sit in a shopping cart."
Mycroft was striding his way out of 221 Baker Street, when he literally tripped over John and Rosie who was sitting on the front step. Mycroft tripped and was sprawled out on the bottom of the front step, he scrambled to get on his feet.
Sherlock groaned against the ground, he was trying to push himself up, but was struggling not because he was in pain but rather because he just felt compelled to stay down and let things happen.
John smiled and delivered a light kiss to Sherlock’s lips, he opened the door to the veteran’s housing and took a very specific set of steps on the entry rug. He turned around to look at Sherlock who was copying the exact steps.
"My partner's big brother knocked over an end table while his parents where asking us why we utilized so much therapy. He knocked it over with the specific reason of triggering me, so as to trigger him," said John.
“No,” said Sherlock, “we’re grabbing some specimen containers from the lab, don’t worry, they are brand new nothing has been in them yet.”
He started to eat the fruit salad left for him and consume all the water as well. He suddenly felt the urge to go to the restroom so he got up only to realize that John rope work made that fairly impossible but he did have to appreciate that John used silk rope. He didn’t want to upset John by destroying his handy work. So he straddled John who was gently snoring, and ground his hips down over John’s cock which was already semi hard. “Daddy, wake up I need to go potty.”
Sherlock sighed, “Yes William, that is a solid argument, and I grant the motion.” He gestured at the paper, which William gleefully signed.
Aithne looked at all the files, "i already stacked them in order of who I find most compatible with the current house down."
He just wasn't sure if he was ready to go back up there. He knew that Mycroft had every right to be wary of him, but he felt like at this point it shouldn't be an issue because he was mindful of his actions and he now knew to get himself out of situations that set him off. There was risks, and more than one person has given them warnings about continuing on as friends at first, but they really thought they were to better together. At least he thought they were better together than apart, he couldn't speak on Sherlock's behalf. He regret what happened that day in the morgue with the Smith incident, and he regret the amount of times he hit Sherlock on the day of his return. He at the time thought it was justified and he knew Sherlock thought that as well, but they knew better. He was worried that he would slip up, and it made him scared because messing up now meant messing up so much more.
John looked at Sherlock, and turned to Ella, "I can start recording the info for you Sherlock if you want me to."
Sherlock leaned into his Daddy’s face, “it was too much but it still felt really good. Maybe you can give your darling boy a treat and I will be willing to take on something even thicker.” Sherlock gasped because his Daddy laughed and he could feel the vibrations against his ass in a rather pleasing way.
“Marriage is up to you, it would make giving you parental rights for Rosie significantly easier, and of course I want to marry you, I mean we are practically a common law marriage at this point.” John read through his messages, “apparently folks at the Yard is asking if today was our first kiss or was it sooner and what exact date because there is a pool. Lestrade is begging me to say it was today so that he can get the full pot but Sally and Anderson says that if I say last night they gets to split with Lestrade. Gregory says that his daughter really wants to do a summer abroad at CalTech and apparently his daughter wants to do a summer study abroad at CalTech and the pool total would cover tuition and some spending money. Also what thenhell is Folsom Street Fair?”
Eurus stood there in mild shock, that was unexpected, nice to see some surprising things, that was indeed rare.  She smiled at the idea of getting out, but where would they be sending her. It had been quite some time since she was allowed near a computer and the last time she had unfettered access was when she was given access to Twitter for her brother. The IT man was spectacularly unpersuasive, he was not pleasant to everyone. Most of the times the solutions he barked out without even looking at the computer was correct. Apparently he was autistic from what he told his co-workers when they made fun of him for not understanding a lot of stuff people apparently just know. She had some what she guessed was empathy for him because she understood that on some level. Also go Mycroft for hiring a bunch of disabled people, she laughed she wondered where he snatched all these folks from, was all the deaf and Hard of Hearing folks like that since birth or are they former soldiers who acquired the hearing deficits, they never interacted with her long enough for her to glean the info.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand tightly it kept him grounded in the moment. They both took a deep breath together.
Mrs. Hudson muffled yell was heard... “Sherlock! John! The soundproofing is terrible, and I have my bridge game here.”
A very naked Sherlock on all fours, pulled off the rather large dildo he was sucking on, it was attached to the mirror with a rather audible pop as it exited his mouth. “Oh hello John, I knew you were coming home soon, just wasn’t expecting this soon.”
Everyone in the room looked around, sure all of them saw the videos since it was all over all the social media feeds for all the folks who were friends with folks who attended the PrEPare for the Future party. None of them wanted to admit it because well that would be awkward.
“I better take care of that,” said an older man who was about the same age as Hiram who had silver hair and an amazing beard, he was tall and broad and had fantastic muscle definition for a man his age.
"But what about Eurus?" questioned Siger. "She does seem to be making progress despite her start, I was talking with Philip, Marsha, and Paul and they all have their different theories about how to best get her into a spot to be at least be able to leave Sherringford. I mean they all have different ways, but I mean it would be nice wouldn't it?"
Sherlock rolled on to his stomach and sighed. He was blushing because he really wished John didn’t just hear all of that.
“Not a problem, John, you know I love you,” said Sherlock, he looked at John and smiled. He kissed John on the top of his head.
John smiled, “and I’ll invite Harry over for dinner, I think it would be good to have Ro talk with Harry; just to see that there are other trans and gender non conforming folks in the family.”
Mycroft looked at Anthea... wait he means Andrea. Oh g-d he hope he didn't do that with anyone else... who is he kidding, he probably has. He felt a slight twinge of pain. "Sorry Andrea, I'll try to do better."
Mrs. Hudson and Rosie finds themselves in front of Sherlock. "Sherlock, dear, are you okay?" Asked Mrs. Hudson.
John nodded and smiled, "okay Violet, Siger, Mycroft and Sherlock, you each get three terms you want for the contract. And when we reconvene, we take a vote about whether or not the term is agreeable or not, and if there is any adjustments needed to a term to make it work, then we can tweak it to be either acceptable or scrap it completely. And none of the terms of the agreement can single out a person by name."
Yup... this is a happy world of Sherlock where Moriarty barely has a chance to exist and that's okay.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what John had planned for this scene, but he trusted John. When they first started doing this they tried to negotiate every single step, but found that form of consent didn’t work out too well for him. So it caused them to be at a bit of stop because of it, and that frustrated Sherlock. He ended up trying to look for help, but found nothing that appealed to him in terms of negotiating consent. One day, Irene surprised him with a text because of all the places Sherlock had to place an order for some well made sex toys it had to be the shop Irene’s wife had to work at; and sure customer confidentiality is important in the businesses catering to certain tastes, but somethings are just too juicy to keep to themselves. Irene at first just ran commentary on Sherlock’s purchases but eventually it evolved to her giving them advice and further more it lead to Irene started playing mediator because well despite him not liking it she did have a point on John and him having a communication problem. Eventually John and him settled on their idea of Consent was “yes until it is a no,” and so far it was what worked for them.
“It was a precaution, nice to see you are having a verbal day. Also how are you doing, sister dear?” Replied Mycroft.
Scott groaned and dug his hand into his pockets and pulled out his phone and dramatically started firing off e-mails, “fucking Blaze, now I got to call legal to review anything he signed in the past two months,” he muttered under his breath.
Kayla nodded and wrote more in her notebook. "Okay well I better start heading back to the college, see you tomorrow." She waved good bye at Sherlock and pet Toby on her head. "Also, you can't have her out with a vest by yourself until you past your test." She removed the vest and Toby flopped over on her side. "You did a good job today, time for belly rubs!"
"Actually John I was wondering if I could just go in with my pants on," said Sherlock with a slight grin.
Violet laughed, "I'd  love for Eurus to come out sometimes too, but I swear to g-d if you listen to Philip you better be willing to listen to Christina, because she seems to be his better voice of reason, you know she stopped him from making that experiment from going out of hand that one time. I mean Paul could be helpful in getting a better read on her. Sherlock probably used his work, do you ever see him practice faces until he gets the right one for what he is about to do, I bet you he got it from his work. But Marsha, I like Marsha, I think she would be the most practical out of them all. But I mean Mycroft did really cock it up by isolating her this whole time. I don't know what kind of recovery there is for such an experience. Especially given how she was before this whole ordeal." Violet frowned staring into the fire.
John looked around the hallway which was empty and ran to the toilets, the restroom appeared empty when he entered, he walked amongst the stalls until he saw a flash of shadow moving, John nudged open the stall door. He was greeted by a Sherlock standing on top of the toilet looking absolutely naughty. “Okay why are you standing on the toilet?”
Aithne had a long day, and she was about to have a fairly long night as well. Her siblings are over for dinner and stories need to be retold. And across the atlantic, Mycroft has to make a visit.
Sherlock and John could be heard from the other line. "Ha, looks like we know which one we are taking home." There was a brief ruffling to be heard as if the phone was getting picked up. "Hey Mycroft, it's me John, sounds like you are busy, mind if we continuing this call some other time. But thanks for calling Sherlock almost wanted to take all the dogs, but during the call one of them really rose to the occasion. Feel free to come by for tea later, I have some words for you."
Mycroft looked at the fingerprint patterns on the key pad, it was too much info to make a consideration. He pulled out a device that could crack codes for any swipe card. The safe obviously had a key card bypass, so he swiped it.
John was embarrassed, “sorry Sherlock, I know you were having a good time, but my cock just had to cock it up. I know that this really isn’t you area, and you probably unwelcome it, so I am just going to make my way out. I’m sorry.
“No, so Afghanistan or Iraq?” Asked Sherlock, as he caught his breath from the whole altercation. The Twink was making all kinds of flirty looks at Sherlock, but Sherlock was now completely focused on John, and being on the receiving end of such singular attention was absolutely breath taking for John.
The family had just finished dinner. John, noticed how restless his son was with homework, and smiled, it was time. He gave William, a large slice of cake, which made William light up. “Chin up William, you’ll get through homework, just fine, you have WILL power.” Dad wouldn’t stop laughing.
Mycroft nodded at Ella's observations, "well I have indeed studied and mastered to a level of competency multiple forms of fencing, are you challenging me to a duel?"
"Yes, I am. You win, you get to ask me 20 open ended questions, I am not going to show you my notes because knowing you, you are going to deduce more than I want you to know from my note taking, and you are probably going to deduce somethings wrong but I am going to assume you are like your brother and terrible at taking the news of being wrong. If I win, Andrea gets a raise and the guarantee that if she is to be on vacation, she is truly going to be on vacation, she won't be bound to returning just because you made some international incident and you need my lovely wife's amazong deescalation skills, but to compensate you for your rash decision I will allow you one open ended questions and four yes/no questions," replied Ella.
Sherlock was in absolute bliss as John touched him, but was immediately disappointed when he felt John slightly pushing Sherlock away from his lap. But it caught his eye, John was fighting an erection, which Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
Sherlock smiled he didn't really expect himself to ever experience this level of intimacy and to have these sorts of bonds but here he was and he felt that he really couldn't go back to before all this happened.
John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, “he was five at the time, what could a five year old do that would get you banned from a Tesco?”
“I am glad to hear that our cook didn’t cock it up this time. But next time I suggest you try the crepes, some of the combos, are an absolute stroke of genius. But be careful with any of the cream filled crepes, if you aren’t careful you can leave sticky white stuff everywhere and no one wants to clean that up when they least expect it,” said Molly leaning a little close to John and Sherlock.
John let out a load moan, and with his good arm, he pushed Sherlock into a sitting position. “Come on Boy, don’t make me do all the work, make your captain a very happy man.” He rubbed Sherlock’s ass and gave a little pat to encourage Sherlock to move.
He wanted a fix but his brother was using his new found power to just about stop all of his sources. He couldn’t even make his own stuff because the last time he tried to cook up some meth, his brother took all his lab equipment. He didn’t even like meth he was going to barter if off for some cocaine, if he had any luck, and he usually did because all the dealers knew his stuff was high quality.
“I knew I recognized that leather clad ass, it has been much too long William! “ Said the rather muscle-ly hairy fellow with graying hair. He was in leather chaps and had a bar vest on, and was puffing away at a cigar.
One of my things when I was an altar server, was working funerals where the deceased were outed as queer. But I remember one time this stuffy bureaucrat tackled the Partner of the deceased because the bureaucrat thought it disrespectful to the man’s position at work for him to be outed. Especially when the cause of death was an opportunistic infection typical of HIV/AIDS. I’m glad this isn’t as much of an issue these days.
"Well I'll fax you my plans, I just need to fill some program business to work on this week. So expect next week to be the time we come for the evaluation. I mean this is a Saturday and I would like to not get yelled at by HR again for over working. Have a nice evening," and with the Aithne hung up on Mycroft.
“What do you know about this man?” Said the man in the suit, tossing him a folder with a pic clipped to it.
"I mean mother does allow him to play with men," said Blaze, "she probably allows it so that she can feel some kinship with her favorite authors."
“Oh you are the very best boy, always wanting to please your Daddy. I love you darling.” John smiled as Sherlock arched his back and came as cum struck the wall of the shower. John felt his piss being sprayed back at him and found that to be a rather satisfying feeling.
"The children are obviously tired we can either go one more bout or we can leave, and I accept that I loss," said Mycroft.
He bent down to pet her head and she leaned into his touch. Sherlock smiled and headed to the stairs and Toby ran upstairs.
Sherlock braced himself on all fours, squaring his shoulders and arching his back slightly. His moans only got louder.
He decided to adjust his cock so that he wasn’t going stab Sherlock in the eye should he get any harder. He tried to shift it so that it would just get trapped in the elastic of his waistband, but since he was so hard, it just aggressively refused to stay in place.
“Sherlock, it sounds like you spent a great deal of time looking that up. But really brother, we both you know that out of the three of us, you are the least diplomatic one. And really distraction as deflection isn't really a tactic that works in this family, we are rather good on focusing," snipped Mycroft.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” asked Sherlock as he pulled up his website he turned the leather daddy, “happy now, it was you!”
“Girl with that limp, I am willing to bet good money that he did,” Kate broke into giggles as Sherlock limped towards them with a punchdrunk look on his face.
He ran back up to his room, grabbed his tinker box and brought it down to the kitchen. He got into a flow as he gently pulled apart a bike chain as he wrapped it around a ball baring, he used a zip tie complete the loop. He started to spin it, in hand, he found the balance absolutely perfect. He kept it going for as long as he could when suddenly he was shaken out of his flow. Papa gently shook him, and he noticed a smell he previously missed. It was smoke he looked at the source and saw it was the pan he used for the play dough.
Sherlock blurted out, "you can hold onto the dog and Rosie and I'll walk ahead of you because you usually are following me anyways, but I'll slow my pace to make sure you can keep up. Or in other settings both of us hold Rosie and we take turns with the dog. Or we get one of those really well trained dogs that keep to their owner's side and the dog becomes a non factor in hand issue... wait a service dog needs to have its leash held at all times."
Sherlock looked up at John and smiled, “Rosie doing just fine, she already had dinner, and we’re just playing with her to tire her out for the night. She did have a bit of an exciting day. How are you doing?”
Papa  just sighed, “Jawwn, you really waited a whole year to use that one.” Papa got up dumped his dish quite haphazardly in the sink without bothering to rinse it. He flopped on the couch rather dramatically and descended into his mind palace, his face a completely blank slate.
John laughed because while the tub was free of any color, the multiple rinsing of Rosie's hair only proved that the color was going to be there for quite some time. “I think you already have a set of skills that kids will think is cool, I don’t think you have to build a whole set of new ones. Yet I have to admit I like the hair color."
"Yeah life would be boring otherwise," said Andrea as she texted Mycroft the pertinent information. She smiled as she sent off the text.
Sherlock looked up at John with a look of satisfaction. He tried to get up but he staggered a bit but his hands never left the position John demanded it be in. His legs were shaking from the strain of being on his knees in such an uncomfortable spot, his trousers were ruined not just from rolling around in the alley but also from the blossoming wet spot on his crotch. He gasped when John poked at the wet spot, but started moaning as John started  lightly stroking his rock hard cock through his trousers. “Please Captain I want to really feel you,” begged Sherlock.
"Mycroft, I didn't, I, uh, i uh, I am trying to handle the things I can on my own. Why are you asking?" Asked Sherlock, he sounded distressed and was genuinely surprised that his parents tried talking to Mycroft. The phone sounded like it was dropped.
“But seriously, William will would it be chill if I ask your papa about how he did that corset,” said Willow still very much preoccupied with what greeted them at the door.
Sherlock came back up with a pair of gloves, a butane torch, and a flint striker, “Watch as we science our way to a solution.” Sherlock did a slightly dramatic wave almost looked like he was about to turn on the torch right there in the door way but he seemed to have change his mind for the better before he continued on to the kitchen.
John smiled at Sherlock, he tilted his head up in hopes of getting another kiss. He overjoyed as Sherlock returned to kissing him, this time it was so much harder and so muck hotter. He hissed as Sherlock deepened the kiss occasionally nipping at John’s lips. He was being overwhelmed by Sherlock who making quick work of John’s clothes, he moaned as Sherlock started licking and sucking at John’s neck, and was rather touched at Sherlock delivering a feather light kiss to the scar on his shoulder.
“I swear you better not be dialing any murderers or criminals with it,” replied Mrs. Hudson as she handed over her mobile phone.
“Oh it is very good Daddy, but I had a very hard, hard, hard night and I know I misbehaved but you know you love giving your bestest boy a treat,” asked Sherlock as he bounced on his Daddy’s fingers and tongue.
John offered Sherlock his hand. Sherlock took it,  John placed his other hand over Sherlock's, and gave him a look. Sherlock sat up on the couch and John sat next to him, still holding onto Sherlock. "Sherlock I want you know, I won't ever leave you. And you mean so much to me, I'd rather not have sex ever again that go on without you. But if you want to have sex, we can work up to that together. And I know you have a hard time believing me when I say I am going to stay, but you are an important part of my life and Rosie's life. I am going to stay."  Sherlock pulled John closer to him on the couch, and John looked at Sherlock before leaning his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock placed his head on top of his.
Sherlock ran a finger through the mess he made on John’s shirt with a smile, “I’d say sorry for the mess, but you are partly responsible.”
John sighed, "Sherlock who wants a clown accused of murder or a magician accused of stealing at a kid's party."
"Two points Ella, zero points Mycroft," announced Andrea. As Mycroft and Ella took their spots and took stance. Andrea raised her hand, "Allez!" She called out as she dropped her hand.
John turned around and grabbed Rosie from Sherlock's arms. "Sherlock, are you okay?" He gently grabbed Sherlock's arm.
John sighed and walked even faster, when out of no where a man came out of no where and slapped Sherlock’s ass.
“Well please don’t make fun of John, the triage folks are already telling us the line is ridiculous long and waiting room is completely full. And honestly I don’t know John’s capacity to take a joke these days just yet. So save the teasing for after the clinic is over because we cannot stand to loose any doctors,” said Mike. “Half of you are on standby for should they need more testers on deck, because we can’t be giving PEP out to folks who are already preliminary positives, because that can create the potential to eliminate entire drug classes if their form of HIV becomes resistant to the meds in the PEP cocktail. Otherwise just proceed like it is your usual rotations. Molly, you are on standby if we need forensics in okay, do we know who is going to be the detectives on standby?”
Sherlock took a deep, gasping breath. He was intrigued by John’s methods and he definitely wanted to know what was going to happen next when suddenly he felt a sharp tug of his hair and John’s cock breach the back of his throat again. He swallowed and reveled in the fact that he barely had enough space to breath through his nose, he could feel his eyes water. He was already feeling the slight burn that came from his body screaming at him that maybe he needed oxygen, and his body decided to waste the precious oxygen on moaning around the cock down his throat. He felt the short thrusts continue, he relaxed his jaw to let John thrust freely down his throat. He felt focused, a lot of the surrounding noise and distractions were completely shut out at this moment, he rarely ever felt this peace sober, and he wouldn’t mind feeling it again. Well that was a new thought for him, he rarely repeated sexual partners and here he was contemplating not only having more play time with John, but also letting John move into his flat; he hoped he wasn't going sentimental there. He started to feel the familiar throbbing that meant that John was starting to cum. Sherlock increased the suction, and suddenly he was being held down again.
John took a closer look and saw that the ropes did indeed shift around and was adding pressure to places his boy shouldn’t have been experiencing it. “I’m sorry, darling boy, let me fix that.” John quickly cut some ropes allowing his boy to get immediate safety while also making sure that the lengths were still of use. He lowered his boy to the ground gently massaging his limbs to increase blood flow.
William looked at his friends and started laughing, all the teens started laughing along with him. They all gathered around the table, and started to eat the pizza.
Rosie practically spent most of her day with Sherlock to the point that the people at Rosie’s day care was confused when they met John at parent’s night because everyone thought Sherlock was Rosie’s dad. Sherlock was always doing kid safe experiments and playing with her. John even laughed a bit when he came home from the clinic one day to see that Sherlock actually got Rosie her own lab coat and safety goggles. He isn’t even bothered by the fact that Sherlock is who Rosie first runs to when she is upset. Hell even right now the reason why they were even able to go undercover for the case is because Sherlock’s parents are taking care of her out in their little cottage, and she enjoyed being there because she could make a big mess outdoors and no one would mind. Sherlock’s parents were nice and almost normal but they both had those moments where you could see where Sherlock and Mycroft got some of the less pleasant parts of their personalities, but it didn’t seem to show up with Rosie around, maybe time softened them up or maybe guilt, but hey free overnight child care. But still as much as they were already a family he found himself longing for more sometimes. It kept him up sometimes, just wondering if him and Sherlock could ever be more than just best friends raising a kid together.
“Oh...” Said John, “So you never did this with anyone?” He took Sherlock’s hands into his, “we can take this slowly, no need to rush.”
Sherlock laughed, “we’ll see about that, maybe we can get it post valentines, your dad does love a deal.”
"Mycroft are you going to try to or do better?" Said Ella, a light smirk threatening to break across her face. She knew that the question was slightly antagonistic.
His Papa was in a corset, fishnets, and a tricorn hat. He was swinging a cutlass, and paused as he stared at the open front door. Upon realizing that it was his son and friends, he immediately dived to the floor to hopefully spare William any more embarrassment.
John smiled, “see now that wasn’t so hard, now when Molly returns, I want you to say that.” They sat in companionate silence with John resting a hand on Sherlock’s hand until Molly came back.
Sherlock took a closer look at John’s phone. “Well you have that hand tremor. My phone doesn’t have the scratches.” He handed John his phone.
Sherlock blushed, which bothered him because he didn’t blush, Sherlock was above such emotions like embarrassment.
After John was done cleaning, he checked on Sherlock who was still sleeping rather peacefully. He went to the kitchen to make Sherlock a snack for recovery. He sliced up some watermelon, strawberries, pineapples, and pomegranate. After the kind of play they just had, Sherlock was going to need all the fiber he could get. He also knew that all those fruits had the potential to be aphrodisiacs. He found that amusing. He grabbed a couple bottles of water, and entered the room. He smiled to find that Sherlock was still sleeping but rutting against the sheets. He released the ties pinning him down because he knew that Sherlock could risk hurting himself when he was having his dreams. John joined him in the bed and closed his eyes for a nap of his own.
William leaned back and said, “I’m sorry dad, I know it wasn’t right to bite, but sometimes I hear things and just make my mouth slam shut and I know I should control myself but I forget and wait. I mean I’m sorry dad, I will try to do better.” William sighed and hugged his dad.
“Nah at this point I am guessing we need to add another three,” said Athina, “if you are going to take 7 years to take tell a story, the end better be a good one.
Solomon laughed, "yeah that tends to happen. Okay so is there a particular activity level you want out of them?"
"Yeah, I think I just like making you feel some guilt, but hey you apologized. And I do believe you do run an ethical project and honestly I am not a person who can use that threat, because lord knows my way of running our company raises more eyebrows than your program.  But for real though it's true if you weren't so off your kilter, mother probably would've had the chance to spread all her irrational shit on to all of us, you definitely took on the brunt of her control issues." Smirked Blaze, "I mean dad signed my paper for hormones and surgery without her even noticing and could you imagine how much she would've tried to stop it, if she wasn't focused on you, because of the flasher incident. Oh and when Francis joined the Army, she didn't even have a chance to stop him, because she was busy arguing with the school because they were trying to expel you for breaking the jaw of Up-Skirt Seb. And when she found out at his freaking college graduation, Scott wasn't an English Lit major with a minor in the physical sciences, but rather a pharmacology degree with a minor in lit, she was about to lash out so badly at him, but the call came in that you pushed that kidnapper into the path of a train. Too bad you calmed your ass down before Athina could do what she wanted completely unfettered."
Sherlock inspected the cakes available,  holding them up for Rosie to see if she has a preference toward one or the other.
The battle in the living room came to a halt, as half of the participants went running off to the kitchen. “It looks like your dads came out of the cave of shame,” said Phineas as he gently nudged William while smiling.
A flash of purple comes running out of the Speedy's, it's Kayla, "hey Sherlock, Solomon just realized as soon as you left, that we actually need to train you to get to you to pass the test. I mean yeah we get that PTSD dogs are really helpful but the current governing bodies don't cover them. There are pilot programs for it, and we are working on it. Ugh I mean where I am from it was acceptable, to just let you go and we come and train you. But, blah, blah, blah we don't want you getting in trouble. So yeah we need to remember not to assume that you are going to be all good, especially since you don't have an ID booklet. Yeah right, before I forget," She pulls out a patch that says "in training" and she pats it onto the Toby's vest. "Well at least it was good to see that you managed a cab just fine. Did the cabby give you any trouble? Was Toby able to maneuver the taxi even with all of you in there?
Siger thoughtfully wrote down as many terms he wanted, but was planning to pick the top 3 after he thought out all possibilities.
Sherlock's breathing slowed down, he looked up at John as he continued petting Toby. He took a deep breath and exhaled, "John are you okay? Waking you up took a lot longer than usual."
“I’d say I’d be more mindful of how I talk to you in the future, but we know that would be a lie, Sherlock,” said Mycroft quite dryly.
William smiles at his Papa, “that’s brilliant, oh he is going to love that.” William paused and looked at his dad, slightly worried.
John laughed, "that sounds terrible but also it seems to be a decent back up plan. Was that what your parents did with you and Mycroft? Because as far as it goes I've only seen your parents as pleasant people."
"Help me find someone to take this off my hands," said Paul as he took his engineering bag off his back and opened it. It was filled with an impressive amount of booze. "I don't know I kind of went into a bit of zombie mode and I bought the alcohol while on it. And I am having hard time throwing it away."
Well yeah there'll be some soft core smut in this chapter. I mean in my opinion soft core, I don't know what other's think.
it might actually still be in the yellow for me,” Said Sherlock with a slight shrug. “I know I liked playing with your ass, but I am still not sure how I feel about putting my cock into you.”
“You’re bored aren’t you, your brother said that’s one of your triggers,” Wiggins said as he started searching his pockets. “Here’s the ticket to get in, you need it more than me. But heads up, if you use cocaine and get caught and I loose my spot in the Norvir study.”
Molly was about to approach their table when she saw John and Sherlock’s little interaction, and while she was coming to yet another realization that she seems to just keep going head over heels for all the gay ones. She felt a little sad, she let herself a single lip wobble before perking back up for her job. She let the thought mill over in her mind for a bit, but really no she had no reason to be surprised when she thought of it...the line between club kid and gay was a bit too thin. She felt the urge to tell someone, she ran over to the work phone a dialed the first number she could think of. She waited a minute and the phone rang.
“They got nothing to be ashamed of, they’re interesting,” replied William, as they both ducked down at the last second as Asa, tried to make one last dive at them.
John grinned and said, "Rosie is a very curious and, at times, mischievous child, like all 2 year olds. She was snooping around our stuff, and found Sherlock's letter box, and she happened to leave a bunch of them out.  And after reading the words he wrote I knew I had to tell him that I felt the same way, and this past week has been great, I almost wish I said something sooner."
Sherlock maneuvered John into his bed, he took the time to strip off the rest of his clothes, he was amused that John didn’t ask the same level as nudity of him during the encounter, but that was probably because Sherlock didn’t give him permission to, next time he would have to remember to allow John to strip him as well. He got into bed and held John in his arms. He observed John as John drifted off into sleep, he saved all of John’s details from the length of time it took for John to shift into a comfortable position, to how he smelled of tea, sweat, and hospital antiseptic, to how their naked bodies slid together. He pressed a kiss into the back of John’s neck and whispered against John’s skin, “mine.”
“The one that had the bush... America! Or they could be upset that he’s American I haven’t really been able to figure it out. As for inviting people from the scene is kind of inevitable, I mean really, it is where I know the most people outside of any familial or work sense. But I am going to invite some some of my secondary school mates as well, I mean I am sure they would just love any excuse to visit San Francisco, because we all know they all probably have the free time. They’re a foppish bunch of guys with more dollars than sense, still love them though... except for Dorian, he never ages and is pretty much human teflon. At this point I think I only keep up with him to watch the inevitable train wreck to catch up with him.”
John looked puzzled, "no, it isn't so much taking care of, it is more of a keeping track of thing. I mean I only got two hands. I feel like if I have an empty hand I am missing something. But I am sure the configuration is possible."
“Oh come on William, why you being so cold?” Said the man leaning into Sherlock’s personal space. “Oh right you are using that sissy as fuck name, Cher was it.”
“Babe we don’t got brandy. Also Sherlock, I know you drink to go totally off your tits and dance, so I am just going to call it a draw and make you two Long Island Iced Teas, because I remember your whole blue drinks are easier to drug conversation. We might as well save you the trip to the bar,” said the bartender with a smile.
"I just want to make sure my brother is going to be okay with this new development in his life, he doesn't need more suffering. He really deserves someone who loves him for him and not some idealized version of him and doesn't make him flinch at sudden movements," said Mycroft. "I just want to see what Dr. Thompson is thinking with all of this and what did she see when she decided to help them navigating being together. I am not going to get it out of them, that's for sure."
"Nice use of I-statements, Sherlock. But other than past behavior is there anything John has done that makes you feel like him leaving you because of a lack of sexual intimacy," asked Ella.
“The rings are perfect, I am sure dad will love them,” replies William once again throwing his arms around his father. “Ooh and also some chocolate.”
Sherlock was making small gasps and looking more and more tense, with each thrust against the sheets.
“When I was away, I got hurt really badly, and some injuries take time to heal,” said Sherlock, as he measured John’s shoulders and sleeve length. He knew that John was highly suggestible at the moment, he figured he could be as honest as he wanted because he could easily make John forget.
"Well I went to Oxford for college, and I was on the fencing team. I am just going to assume that you did martial arts of some form to get into the kind of work you do. And given that you carry an sword umbrella one could assume some form of fencing was one of your martial arts, because the only kind of sword that could possibly fit and umbrella unnoticed would be the ones found in the forms of fencing," continued Ella.
They were more than half way there when things really escalated. The ride was already a bit frieghtening for the siblings their mother kept narrowly avoiding car accidents. It was almost like she was trying to get into car accidents but pulling out at the last second. Francis and Scott were already trying to plot a way to take control of the car, but they couldn’t think of a way to do so that kept them all safe, especially because Aithne was forced to sit in the in the front next to the driver seat. Their saving grace ended up being the fact that their mother ignored aithne’s timer for using the toilet. Aithne begged her mom to stop for a restroom. Their mother told Aithne to hold it, despite the fact that CIPA meant that Aithne was not physically capable of knowing that she was holding it.. Their mother immediately stopped the car at the gas station they were passing by. She screamed at Aithne a whole litany about how terrible and disgusting Aithne was and the only people who would ever love her was her family. And she got out of the car to grab Aithne. She left the key in the ignition and slammed the door shut. Aithne immediately locked the car after mother got out of the car. Her brothers all took to locking the doors after they noticed what happened. Aithne turned her siblings and smiled. Their mother was banging on Aithne’s window demanding that she unlock the car. The siblings debated on whether or not they should drive off, the decision was made for them when their mother started throwing bricks at the car. The gas station attendant tried to calm her down but it just wasn't happening. Francis started the engine and pulled out of the station, praying that they had a decent amount of gas to get back to Cambridge.
Toby continued barking and pawing at Sherlock. Toby rears back a little and launches herself at Sherlock knocking him slightly off balance.
Toby already leapt into action, she was pawing at John, who noticed Toby, and was able to find himself being able to ground himself in the moment and he sat back down and started doing some deep breathing. Toby next moved on to pawing at Sherlock, and Sherlock was also able to bring himself back to the moment without further prompting. Rosie was a bit confused, at the situation but relaxed when she saw her father and Sherlock relax. After Toby got a sense of the situation being deescalated, she padded up to Mycroft and just started staring him down.
"Eurus is a human, and I feel that you not using Eurus's name is your way of distancing yourself from all that her being her has brought up," replied Sherlock. "And yes regrettable things happened with her as well, but we can always improve on how we work with this."
William ran around the kitchen as Sherlock put the latest details of the case into his mind palace. William knew that when his Papa was like this, William was free to do whatever he wanted because it would need a fairly large explosion to get him out of his trance. He climbed up the counter and grabbed the cream of tartar, flour, salt, oil, rose water, and various food colors from the pantry. He pulled
“Yeah I love London too, it’s a shame I can’t stay here anymore, there isn’t really way of staying here on an army pension,” said John choking back a sob, mentally kicking himself because he doesn’t know why he is sharing that with Sherlock.
John knew Sherlock cared for Rosie, and it was to the point that Rosie spent more time with Sherlock than he did, he was the one doing most of the teaching Rosie how to walk and talk and eat and he even did the potty training. Sherlock tackled all of those tasks the same ways he tackled any case, with an absurd amount of focus and care. He knew ruining things with Sherlock, meant ruining things for Rosie. He didn't want that, especially because his entire support system for Rosie came from people he knew because of Sherlock. He couldn't jeopardize that. He hated how Mycroft rattled them so easily just by knocking over an end table.
"John maybe you should give reading the night time story a try?" Suggested Sherlock. "You know for every time this book or any of the ones involving thiders. Thspiders... spiders are chosen."
“Well yes it is, you can’t really trust cellphones to keep photos from encounters like this?” Said the second officer smiling.
John shook his head and back into his Captain voice, “No sherlock, I want a verbal answer, that is an order.”
“Girl, bye,” replied Blaze as he continued down the hall to the foyer of the house blowing yet another raspberry.
I don't know my dad taught me welding and soldering at around age 9 and 10... he taught me how us a power drill at 3... it didn't go well. Um basically I lived a childhood that gives me a wild idea on what age is appropriate for some skills.
John smiled and started to quickly untie his handiwork. “Darling, are you going to be a big boy and go by yourself or do you want me to help?”
“Your best days are the days where we are facing a complete and utter shit show, those days where the preliminary positives just don’t stop coming, and the ‘drama’ just takes over the line,” replied Mike, “you’re the kind of guy who needs to be standing next to the train wreck, to actually feel something, nothing wrong with that, so put away that looks. Sherlock can at times be the train wreck himself, but he is always going to be trying to fix other people’s train wrecks. You’ll get along and even if you didn’t you’d probably stick around out of curiosity.”
Sherlock took in that info, and he though that was the contributing factor as to why he didn’t take off his shirt.
She picked up her phone and paged the day program coordinator, Crystal. She was a good second opinion on this topic.
Mrs. Hudson gave them a slight pout. "You both would tell me if it was to happen right? You aren't just going to elope, right?"
“I am pretty sure it will be,” replied Ms. Hudson, “the sound proofing is quite terrible, and you are rather loud just by yourself. If you get a live in boy toy, I am going to have to invest in better headphones.”
“Okay Billy, time to tell the Ice Man what his dear brother is up to,” snapped Mycroft, as he pulled off the sack. Mycroft really wasn’t happy to see that Wiggins made a bit of a mess of the sack and his car trunk, he didn’t want to think about how he was going to have to explain that to the folks who clean his car. Mycroft realized he was going to have to improve on his delivery of folks in future instances.
John frowned, “I take it people were always rude to you because of the whole deduction thing, and you probably don’t have any idea about how to be polite, because it has all been deleted.”
"Well at least it is in the place on the couch one should be sitting on, growing up he preferred to be between the cushions, we could search the whole house and not find him, only to sit on the couch and hear him squawk," said Violet with an amused smile.
Sherlock eventually awoke, and he felt a little bit peckish. He noticed the assortment of fruits on the nightstand and gave a small laugh at the pineapple. Apparently people say that one’s cum tastes better after consuming pineapple, he hoped that meant that John had plans fitting that. He sat up to start his snack, but winced, it was starting to hit him just how hard they went with their earlier activities. Still he thought it was worth it, there was just something about being doing all of these things with John that brought him joy. He knew John tried his best to be a good man, and he knew full well that good men probably avoid having filthy as fuck sex, where dying is very much a possibility, but John was more than willing to explore that aspect with him. He loved it, having that ability to push such a good man to do such things; but to be fair he already knew that John was willing to kill for him.
“Biscuits and finger sandwiches are plated. We are all going to just keep all the other stuff as is until need be right?” said John,
Harry accidentally did a spit take of their hot chocolate, much to William’s displeasure. They immediately apologized to William for spraying him and his computer with cocoa.
Sherlock looked at John, “oh, but that’s only one data point, let’s get three.” He darted out of the flat and started knocking on the door of 221a. “Mrs. Hudson, we must ask you a question!” Yelled Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at John with a bit of surprise, “that’s a new reaction, never had that happen before.”
Sherlock kept his lips open and holding the condom so that John’s efforts would complete the task of rolling on the condom.  He was struggling to get a breath as the long, thick cock filled his throat.
“So back to Eurus?” Said Athina, “I mean so you are just going to visit her and see if you can bring her to Maureen Russo? Like don’t you have to have approval from the other staff members?”
“Fuck i know at least one reason why my brother likes you, your cock is ridiculous,” Said Mycroft while gasping for breath.
“It’s all fine William,” said Sherlock, as they opened the door to the flat but we must hurry if yo I want the kitchen free for dinner. Is it okay if I put the dough and slime into containers?”
John nodded, and removed his boxer briefs, his boner made a smacking sound as it hit his stomach, he hasn’t been that hard in ages. He sat up, and smiled at Sherlock who was still awkwardly kneeling on the bed. “How about you take off your underwear and come over here?”
Ella looked at her wife, slightly impressed with the bet she put down, because that was going to be bound to make Mycroft super uncomfortable and possibly agitated which might just make this match rather easy to win. Also it could probably do wonders for two folks on her caseload and like any one in social services who doesn't love when a problem solves itself in a fairly satisfying mannerisms .
Mycroft roughly put down his cup of tea. "If it doesn't have a ICD code, I am not going to say it exists. It doesn't even have a DSM5 code. If the medical authorities say it doesn't exists, well I am just going to have to agree with them."
Sherlock just stared at John, even more perplexed by the man. He got up and walked to the edge of roof, “I always did love how London looks at night.”
"So may I ask why you are implementing the use of a therapist so much? I mean you both always got on like a house on fire front the very start, I mean you even moved in together the first day you met, but now you have to use therapists to work things out. Why the effort?" Asked Violet.
"You know damn well I am not having a good day, tea time with the parents is rarely a good time, they are just so tedious to deal with," said Mycroft. "Let me in, John may not have had an alcohol binge in a while but I am sure you have some strong stuff lying around, for the stressful days. And today has been so trying."
“Well we can just keep that option open, maybe you’ll need it as an office, all good couples have a bit of space,” Said Mrs. Hudson as she bounced down the stairs and opened the door.
Mycroft was sitting on another chair tapping his umbrella against his leg. His terms were written with speed, so he had to wait for the rest of his family to finish.
The older man leaned over close enough to Sherlock that they were nose to nose, and whispered, “if it helps, my name is John. And I would really like to know the name I am going to be shouting when I cum all over your face.”
Toby was trying her best to wake up John, whatever John was dreaming of seemed to have an extremely strong grip on him.
“Okay can we get to the task at hand,” said Mike, a touch exasperated at Bryson's habit of hitting on all the cops who came their way, and he really wouldn’t like Lestrade getting scared away because since Lestrade started allowing Sherlock to work cases his risk assessments was showing positive behavior changes. And that was exciting.
"You got kicked out of the Old Guard society because you refused to stop wearing tutus with your leathers, and to top it off when it came to a formal leather event you paired your leathers with a vintage 1950's cocktail dress," said Aithne, "and with that you seriously tossed your primary partner's credibility as a good Dom down the drain."
Jeanine sighed, “okay true enough, but it is the Clara with the Alcoholic girlfriend who fights at the 12 step group and my usual bar gig.”
Veteran Marine, First Sergeant Joey Mendoza was an odd man who was overly enthusiastic about working as a social security administration agent, he took a lot of pride in making sure that the Social Security Branch he was in charge of was working at maximum proficiency he knew the POMS with deadly accuracy and it was to the point that people specifically traveled to his branch for it. But initially he was prepared to be a lifer for the Marines, but he lost a leg when he hit by a large piece of shrapnel from an IED, luckily it was a below the knee cut. He had his black, wavy hair cut high and tight, he had dark brown eyes and was tan. He had scattering of visible scars that came from the attack that retired him, but also had some from his youth. He was short in comparison to his fellow marines, but he more than made up for it in strength, he was certainly bulky in muscle but he was still soft in some parts.
Sherlock jumped up to his feet, "that's not fair Mycroft..." Sherlock just stared off into space, his finger gently twitched, his eyes fluttered. Toby who was napping by the fire runs up the Sherlock and starts barking and pawing at Sherlock.
“It definitely was, and... wait why am I telling you this?” Exclaimed Sherlock, a slight blush developed on his ridiculous cheekbones.
Sherlock quickly went over the topics they talked about recently and realized his mistake. “No overnight guests?” Said Sherlock as he wiggles against John.
John nodded, “um I know this is awkward but out of the usual types to come through the RV what kind is he?”
Sherlock awkwardly scratched at the inside of his wrist, “I just got out of rehab, this visit was prompted because apparently I almost died, I haven’t been sober this long in quite sometime. I can’t put that responsibility on you, but I mean if you want a round two, that would do a lot for the boredom.”
Violet and Siger stared at their eldest son, wondering what kind of life he lived for that to be a rule for him. "Mycroft, I know you are concerned, but did you know extreme surveillance and hovering behaviors can change how a person navigates the world?"
Joey looked around at the family he was about to marry into. He leaned up to Francis, “so does your dad do this for all your siblings whenever he feels the need?  I thought that was just a thing you do for big events.”
John rather shocked at Sherlock’s fairly gentle display, he thought judging by all the body parts in the kitchen that Sherlock wanted to produce it with scientific curiosity, this was not what he expected. He knew he was absolutely going to stay because in that moment for the longest time since leaving the war, he really felt alive. “We’ll be great together.”
Sherlock nodded, “you are the first person I kissed who I actually liked, when I said that this really wasn’t my area, I was telling the truth.”
I honestly thought to leave this story at chapter one, but given that our last event I had to deal with a naked woman in a Sherlock coat... got to love kinky geeks. But I figure it was a sign to do a chapter on a debrief meeting.
Mycroft sat in his house alone, he didn't really let it bother him, alone was good in his opinion. He didn't mind that people worried about his preference to be alone, he just wished they didn't wear it so obviously when they talked to him about it. He never thought himself to be lonely, he had other pursuits in life, he was just for the most part alone doing things. It was just easier for him that way. He didn't mind though he just didn't like to be asked. He sighed as he went through the events of today in his mind, and he just didn't like it, he lost control too many times and he found that unacceptable.
"Yeah I get it Blaze, the fact that we got a pill that reduces your chances of getting HIV by 99%, 20 years after the peak of the epidemic is amazing. Can't wait for the shot to hit the market, because my job would be so much easier for some patients, I mean just have them come in once a month, get their invega, depo, and PrEP in one visit, so many of my clients would be happy with that. But we really should include dad on the Google Calendar, I mean it really helped in cutting down the amount of parties we found our siblings at," replied Aithne as her laughter does down. "Maybe all of you should just keep tabs on Grindr or whatever apps you are all using to ensure you don't accidentally over lap fuck buddies."
He got out of the building and started walking in the direction of a nearby park. He walked to the park and started walking in meandering circles focusing on every step and regulating his breathing. It was moments like this where he regrets just how easy it is to be set off, how could something so simple help with such a complex emotion.
"But you wouldn't have it any other way, I'll just get things ready for this confrontation," said Ella as she stood up and walked to her wife and kissed her on the cheek before leaving for her study.
“Boys stop that,” snapped Hiram, “but seriously Aithne, no one likes being kept this long with a story.”
John really should’ve known better than to leave Sherlock alone with something as intense as sounding. He also knew that Sherlock would just be insufferable if he was to let Sherlock go unpunished for busting a load all over supper. So he had to give Sherlock some sort of light punishment that fit the crime. “You know boy, I am not even going to call you boy, that was disgusting, not even human. So stay put, pet.”
Sherlock looked over at John, he wasn’t sure what kind of patch John was talking about because since his return, he went back to smoking cigarettes and the occasional vape pen. He looked at John with a slight bit of terror. It was one of his anti-nausea patches, the ones he was prescribed because even though it has been months he still has some side effect of the beatings he got from when he was away.
John stood in the middle of the sitting room with Rosie's easel hanging out in the front of the fire place. He was waiting for all the individuals of the Holmes family to write down the terms they wanted to use for the family contract that they were planning to use for the next three months.
Sherlock immediately launched himself onto John’s cock and started bobbing his head up and down John’s length but with not nearly the same finesse. He event tried to swallow John’s thick cock to the root, but he couldn’t quite get to it, but it felt so good on his mouth. He found himself moaning as he kept swallowing down John’s length. He eventually found himself with John’s hand buried in his hair, trying to pull him off.
“I am not even going to bother asking what the offer was, do you know any good raves tonight?” Said Sherlock tapping his fingers against his leg.
Mrs. Hudson was frowning at a bag of unidentifiable tidbits, “you know what I agree, I’m out, but I’ll bring up some tea.”
John turned to Sherlock and slipped Sherlock’s jacket off, it was rather heavy and he was rather surprised how Sherlock was functioning at all with all that leather. He felt Sherlock trying to remove his trousers by gently nudging them down. He moved on to removing Sherlock’s pants which rather quickly dropped to the floor as soon as it was unbuckled. John found himself gawking at Sherlock when he realized that Sherlock was wearing a rather appealing leather jock strap. “Sherlock, that can’t possibly be comfortable.” .
Sherlock scowled at John, “I did not factor that in.” Sherlock filled a pail with clean water and gently poured it over Rosie’s head, revealing a pastel rainbow disaster upon what used to be blond hair. “Oh… I’m sorry, but you have to admit she looks quite trendy.” Sherlock started laughing. “She will be the absolute talk of the playground tomorrow.”
Mycroft sighed, he really didn't like Aithne, but he also already told his parents of the plan. Maybe Aithne would say no. He looked at his phone and saw that Anthea texted him an address, and short profile on Ella Thompson. It even included the layout of the building, if there was one thing he liked about Anthea, it was that she was fast, efficient, and didn't let her opinions cloud her ability to do her job. Well there was plenty to like about her, she wasn't boring, and she seemed to be pretty above human entanglements he never heard of her in all the ebb and flow of gossip that happens in any office, and he liked that.
Sherlock shook his head, took a deep breath, "I don't know if anything I hate repeating myself, maybe we can do a thing where I tell you but like John can hear everything but like it isn't eavesdropping because I want him to hear it?
Basically this has just been what I've been working on these nights, I just moved out for the first time in my life. It is a bit odd to be able to leave work and not be going back to a place where I have to work very hard to persevere. I mean I think I have made some decent progress in dealing with my own CPTSD. But yeah writing this tends to help in stopping me from getting in fights whenever someone says things to me that sets off the neuropathway that says "this is the phrase that is always used before you start getting screamed at, are you going to fight, flight, or stay for this one." So basically yeah it is has been a bit weird.
Sherlock chuckled, "no it was coming from Mycroft's trust fund, he certainly earns enough money not to care, but I also pick the kind of stuff that makes you feel bad for repealing the charges in the moments he does care." He turned to Rosie and looked her in the eye. "Rosie, don't ever charge to cards that don't belong to you and don't spend other people's money without their permission, okay?"
John managed to pull out a packet of lube from his pocket, and opened it up with his teeth. He drizzled it over his cock and smoothly pressed his way into Sherlock. “One,” he whispered as he pressed a kiss against Sherlock’s back. One hand moved to Sherlock’s hair, and he sharply tugged, getting a gasp from Sherlock. He was completely in Sherlock’s ass, when he reached forward and tugged on Sherlock’s cock. “Two. Three. Four. Five.” He paused between each tug to add a little weight to the action.
John swallowed, “About two weeks now, I mean we always danced around the subject, but even more so now.”
rubbed raw and turning a rather nice shade of red which only made the sight of his cum coming out even more fascinating to watch. He gathered some of his cum and gently inserted it back into the hole, which caused Sherlock to let off some soft moans. He wasn’t sure why but he wanted to explore it further, so he dipped down delivered a broad lick to Sherlock’s ass. He found the taste of his cum, the coconut oil, and whatever made Sherlock sherlock, to be rather decent, he laughed at the rather ridiculous sounds Sherlock was making in response but he was glad to see that Sherlock seemed to be having a good time. He got up and kissed Sherlock on the side of his head, and rolled into his back.
John was absolutely in awe at the display of submission before him. He took a deep breath, and just released a stream of hot piss down Sherlock’s chest, he eventually aimed the stream at Sherlock’s face. John could feel his cock give a twitch of interest at having another go, but the sun was rising and the options for another scene like this is definitely a lot riskier at day light. He felt a warm wave of affection at the fact the Sherlock was enthusiastically tried to swallow his piss. When he was finally finished taking a piss and Sherlock swallowed the final gulp, he laughed. “That was the most ridiculous thing I have ever done.”
When Sherlock only had the tip in his mouth he swirled his tongue over the tip of John’s cock, he almost wished the condom wasn’t there, maybe with time they could be fluid bound. John volunteered on HIV prevention so either he doesn't have any STD/STI’s and is regularly tested and well versed in safer sex or he is HIV positive and probably in treatment and is undetectable which means his chances of spreading HIV is incredibly low, to the point that some agencies have made the argument that an undetectable person with HIV cannot pass on the virus. Sherlock didn’t really mind the latter, he was already on PrEP, it hasn’t happened in years, but he figured it was a decent precaution if he was ever foolish enough to share needles again, also this wasn’t the first time he sucked cock in an alley way... and maybe he had gone to a few...okay more than a few circuit parties and did what one does at a circuit party but not anymore. Fuck, sucking a cock in an alley seemed to be part of his yearly Pride festivities. Sherlock’s mind was getting away from him. His brain was getting too much info at once, whoever was running sound check was starting to loose part of their hearing there is a high pitch sound emitting from the speakers and a lot of the younger passersby have been complaining of the sound. The cigarette butts on the ground hinted that there was at least 5 different people who regularly use this spot as a smoking break spot. He smelled the smell of dangerously over filled portable toilets. He...
I don't know back when I taught nine year olds, some of them were already talking of dating each other. The amount of times I had to deal with small children kissing is more than I care to remember... like those were 11 and 12 year olds. The 9 year olds were firmly just in the hand holding and spending all their time together realm. I mean I was already getting an inkling of my queerness at 9, so yeah that was a thing.
"Nothing at all, I think I actually feel a lot better. Maybe I can make it back home," said Paul. "How do you do it anyways?"
“Wait you went home with him!” Said Irene with a little jump, clapping her hands together, she was rather excited to see Sherlock in such a manner.
“Is that the dildo you made last month?” Said John with a slight pause. He cleared his throat. “The one from my cock.”
It was the morning debrief, for after Pride, Mike looked at his team rather pleased. They met and exceeded their numbers, they passed out enough free condoms that the guys at the clinics would be freely able to move amongst the office space again. Sure there was a little spot of scandal but in terms of clinic scandals it wasn’t a big slight at all. It was well recorded though and oh boy did it do nothing in dispelling the stereotypes involving the earlier marketing schemes of PrEP. They just had to go with that particular shade of blue for the shirt didn't they.
Sherlock groaned and clenched down on John’s cock, which caused John to groan. Sherlock was just delighted with everything so far, he really hoped against all hope that he wouldn’t ruin tonight because he wasn’t sure what this was, but it wasn’t boring and it didn’t have that slight twinge of guilt and shame all the other things that bring him joy tend to do.
John felt a little bit bad because he was a dad of a toddler for crying out loud, he shouldn’t be lusting after his flat mate. Sherlock did surprise him though, with just how much he threw himself into helping John with Rosie. Sherlock asked them to move back in when Rosie started having tantrums every time they tried to leave Baker St to return to their old town house. John initially resisted because he didn’t want to cause Sherlock any more pain, because he was slowly starting to realize just how much Sherlock sacrificed for him, at times he felt like Sherlock made it his misssion to keep John happy and alive, and he wasn’t sure how to return the favor. He was exceedingly happy to be back at Baker St, and Rosie seemed so much happier as well.
“That would be good,” replied Sherlock, he smiled, “can I take him shopping this weekend for a whole new wardrobe? I know how you feel about clothes shopping but I am more than happy to take Ro to the shops.”
“Don’t forget at that point Francis and I came stumbling into the wedding with a bunch of cops chasing us,” said Joey with a slight frown.
The Hunter siblings all looked a bit somber, mental illness wasn’t exactly a stranger to them. Blaze had schizoaffective bipolar disorder, and he was until recently med stable but one can’t blame a person for Med burn out which could even happen to those in the business of making medications. Aithne knew she grew up as someone who was concerning for a lot of medical care providers and she did her best to assuage their fears, she never really bothered with updating any diagnosis because she felt that a diagnosis won’t help her at the moment, given how her field often shunned those who were clients themselves, she wanted more than anything to prove to those folks that there was life after institutions. Francis and Scott both had their own bits of neurodivergence, that as they grew older they learned to work with what they had, and both felt lucky enough to have people be considerate to their needs, they knew most people didn’t get that chance. Athina had her anxiety disorder, it was managed.
“Oh you are such a good boy, aren’t you Sherlock, I bet you just love pleasing people, you pretty boy,” John said with a smirk, as he felt Sherlock’s nose touching against his  pelvis. He relished the feeling of Sherlock’s struggle to breath. But he could just feel Sherlock slightly bob his head in an attempt to get even more of him in. He leaned further forward and planted his hands firmly to the ground to get more leverage his body over Sherlock as he slowly started to fuck Sherlock’s throat. John grunted as he picked up his speed, he enjoyed the vibrations of Sherlock moaning around his cock.  He suddenly pulled out of Sherlock’s mouth.
“Well the recovery was quite fantastic,” Replied Sherlock shifting his hand so that him and John can have their fingers laced together.
“It was easy once you see where the ligaments met the joints, it was all a matter of picking the right pressure points after that,” said Eurus with a bit of a smile, “but I mean I can’t possible be the first person to do it.”
John looked at Mike with slight confusion and a weird slurry of emotions taking place in him, he knew Mike spoke the truth it just wasn't a truth he liked. He took a deep breath and just stared down Mike until he felt that eye contact probably should be broken, but he didn’t.
“Don’t worry he won’t call you ‘daddy’ but he might have other choice words, don’t take it personally though he does it to everyone,” Mike laughed. “And he is actual in because he is interested in the mobile lab set up, he probably wouldn’t turn down the incentive too. I mean there is a reason why he is looking for a flat mate.” John grabbed his cane and stepped out of the RV with Mike and into the Pride festivities. “Hey Molly, can you take over for John while we meet up with someone.”
“Hey Johnny, are you on the pull? Don’t worry man I won’t tell the house clerk, so who is the lucky gal? She looked a tall one, I bet she is a real looker there, Three Continents. Don’t deny it man, I obviously saw two shadows in here,” Said a rather tall man in boxers and a white t shirt.
“Don’t be stupid John, of course I know you are currently clear of any STIs, that’s why I let you cum in me,” Said Sherlock.
John shrugged his shoulders, “I am doing a lot better, the walk helped, I also bumped into one of the guys from group, and we talked so that really helped.” John sat down on the floor with Sherlock and Rosie and Sherlock added John to the rotation of the ball. “How are you doing Sherlock?”
Josephine smirked at her twin’s comment, she was a very pregnant woman, wearing a well cut business suit, that seemed out of place with her level of pregnancy. She was light  tan with pink undertones, she had straight black hair that was cut into a strong a-line bob, every move she made seemed to be calculated to create the most potential. She met Scott while Joey was in the hospital, she came running up to Scott to warn him, that their parents were coming and that Francis needed pointers on how to deal with them. Scott found the sentiment adorable, and asked her out to dinner. They ended up getting married as soon as she was done with Hastings law school. She was a medical copyright lawyer, and ended up working for Geneticorp, after a short stint at another pharmaceutical company. She knew that as far as it went a good chunk of their family really never liked Joey to begin with but that got worse after he came out. But if anything it was nice to know which relatives were truly ride or die for them. She didn't really like how things got after Joey came out, because they placed all the expectations and responsibilities on her. She didn't resent him for it but she realized that it wasn’t fair, because by all means children should be children not be extra parents.
“I see what you’re doing, and yeah he did only mention cocaine, no I didn’t point out to him that there was plenty other options for you,” replied Wiggins with a chuckle. “Try not to fuck this up for me.”
Everyone at the table gave a light laugh, “Frankie dear, they used to say the sun never sets on the British empire, so talk around the word more,” replied Joey
Aithne shook her head, "no. But answer me honestly, your brother if given a chance would you in good conscience get him out of his institution and bring him to your home?"
“Ooh I haven't done this in a while,” said Blaze as he gleefully tried to kick the chair out from underneath Aithne. The chair stayed still, Blaze howled in pain.
John smile and nodded, he went back to Paul, "okay that seems to be solved, any other things you need Paul?"
Mycroft groaned, of course he remembered them, he had a stern talking to about learning differences that day. "Of course I remember them, was Aithne the one who punched Sherlock or the one who got eurus's airplane stuck in her hair and didn't scream when Eurus ripped out quite a bit of it while trying to retried it."
John smiled because he never got to touch Sherlock this way. He sat down on the bed and motioned for Sherlock to rest his head on John’s lap. Which with much his delight, Sherlock did. He went on to stroking whatever hair he reach of Sherlock as it stuck out from the hood. His other hand started to drift down Sherlock’s shoulders and occasionally Sherlock’s chest. He found the experience to be rather gratifying and he didn’t want it to end. But the proximity of Sherlock’s face to his cock might’ve stirred something up because he eventually found himself trying to force himself not to have a hard on.
Sherlock found himself facedown and ass up with John just pumping away him. His throat burned from the scrape of the dildo as it was pulled out. He smiled against the floor, he was being used thoroughly by John, and he fucking loved it. He felt John bounce him up and down his cock, like he was a fucking Fleshlight and he was just letting it happen. He certainly didn’t feel bored, but he could feel that John was probably getting tired, and the fact that he got slammed against the floor confirmed it. He groaned as John started to fuck him with long, hard strokes that knocked the breath out of him. And John kept going, Sherlock could only lean back and enjoy the sensation before suddenly feeling a sharp pain in his shoulder, as he felt himself get filled with John’s cum. He felt John slump all over him like he too passed out, Sherlock raised a hand over his shoulder, gently resting it on top of John’s head. “Can we put all of that in the green column?”
Sherlock twitched, he didn’t seem to get why everyone insisted on calling him by his first name he didn’t like the name William it made him feel off like it put forward an air of normality he just wasn’t capable of sustaining henceforth the move to using his middle name. He felt it was just more fitting for him. He waved back at the scrawny man, he certainly looked a lot more healthier since he last saw him, “hello Wiggins, I’m surprised my brother didn’t scare you off.”
John nodded in acknowledgement of Sherlock’s words, his throat suddenly getting dry, “I don’t need to do that, I don’t want anyone else, I want to help you get to whatever you want out of this, and I wasn’t lying earlier. I’d rather go there rest of my life with out sex, if it means I get to spend the rest of my life with you.”
"Crap, really? I mean I though she was dead after the fire. I rather liked her. I mean I'll give it a test run, but if I can't establish boundaries with her I may have to say no, but I really want to give it an effort because I rarely ever liked people at that age. And in terms of people, she was one of my favorites when I was a kid. That liking people shit was hard as a kid. Dad was always trying to convince her parents to organize some play dates when we were kids, I really thought we could've been friends, but her parents would always dodge the question. My dad was convinced that she died in the fire, and after a while I believed him too.”
John was completely distracted by the man, he was only standing around with a clipboard and he made that look good. If that was Sherlock he was going to have a hard time doing anything in the apartment.
Sherlock crouched down to take Rosie into a hug and carried her, "no we are not getting a young puppy we are going to get an older puppy. All dogs are puppies if you want to call them as such but we are going to be getting an older puppy, a responsible puppy. The puppy is going to be doing an important job in keeping us all safe." Rosie nodded in understanding. Mrs. Hudson looked at them concerned. "Oh Mrs. Hudson the dog is not a guard dog, it will be a service dog. It's to help with the nightmares and other daily issues we face." Rosie looked at them a bit concerned, "it's okay Rosie, everyone has nightmares, but sometimes folks can have a really hard time waking up from them, so this big puppy's job will be to help wake us up from nightmares. It will also be there to help with other things, as we will discuss as time goes on."
Sherlock looked at John, and nodded, he got up and walked to his room. He closed the door behind him, and slid to the floor, and as much as he didn’t want to, he cried. He didn’t want to loose John, but he wanted to make John happy, no matter what it cost him.
Sherlock took a deep breath, as he mouthed at John’s crotch. He was struggling with trying to open John’s fly with his mouth. He backed up and stuck out his tongue, and gently lifted up the tab of the zipper, which he pulled managed to get between his teeth. Finally with the trousers down, Sherlock looked up at John rather amused at his underwear, they were a rather expensive pair, but Sherlock knows his underwear, and that color for that particular brand was retired years ago. The company used the color again but not with their original logo, so John was wearing some rather old underwear, maybe it was a hold over from before he shipped out, or maybe it was his special occasion underwear. Sherlock guessed that maybe John was really good at taking care of his stuff. He sucked at John’s cock through the fabric, enjoying the salty, earthy smell with just hint of bleach. He reached up and pulled down the waistband with his teeth, exposing John’s rather spectacular cock. Sherlock stared at it with an absolutely joy.
John stood up and offered Sherlock his hand, they both were a bit awkward in their steps to the bed room, given that John was starting to deal with the discomfort that is drying cum in one's underwear, and Sherlock was trying to walk without something setting off his overly sensitive lower regions. Sherlock got into the bed in a manner that lacked his usual grace, and John sat on the edge of the bed and watched Sherlock.
John and Sherlock had a really long day... do leave comments and kudos please. I do love me some validation.
“Okay all done, that wasn’t too bad was it?” Said John, watching Sherlock’s reaction In the mirror he looked incredibly relaxed. “How do you want to cum?”
Sherlock sighed a breath of relief, he really hated saying the word “penguin” and "spider" was the bane of existence when it came to story time.
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically into the mattress. He couldn’t decide what he wanted more, as he spent time alternating between rutting against the bed sheets or raising his hips to allow John to penetrate him even harder. He screamed into the pillow as John pinned him down completely as he slammed his cock into Sherlock continuously. The angle change combined with the force of John’s gave way to a different kind of pain, one that was rather confusing in how he was supposed to react to it; but eventually the pain gave way to pleasure and Sherlock’s screams turned to a muffled moan.
“I can stop it if you want,” said John, slightly embarrassed, he felt a slight, blush, which just added to the embarrassment. What grown ass man blushed? He thought to himself.
“Danny, if you don’t stop I am going to your fan-fiction.net account and forward your most dreadful stuff to the entire office,” snapped Anthea. “And don’t deny it I’ve seen it all, you got some weird taste, nothing illegal, but oh boy do you have some weird tastes,” said Anthea trying to stay straight faced, but a slight smirk was appearing.
Blaze smiled, "of course you did, you were always an act first, think later kind of girl. I'm not going to stop you, but I am so not digging you out of any hole you build with this one. I am guessing you can't keep her at Russo though, would she be staying with you?"
Sherlock pulled out some flip top lab specimen containers and a couple of rubber bands. “Okay William, when we head back up, grab your tape collection. We are going to make some self closing containers.”
John started laughing, “great idea, but awful execution,” he smiled at the look Sherlock gave him, it made him look ridiculously young, he looked hopeful but also there was little bits of ‘did I do something wrong’ cracking through. John took a deep breath and rolled off Sherlock. He took a moment to put himself in the right head space and went with the voice he usually used when he was giving orders back on the base, “Private what the hell is wrong with you? What made you think you lay hands on a commanding officer, you deserve all the pain you are feeling right now, stand with your back against the wall.”
Sherlock smiled, "John I already know where the get the dog, a service dog trainer I proved innocent of murder owes me a favor."
“So I had to intervene, and well given that I have a bit of a record, she tried to capitalize on that, so she tried running to a cop doing beat patrol in hopes of him believing her. So I had to back off and she bolted for the church,” said Aithne, she said that as she chewed at the inside of her cheek, a habit she knew she had to break because she never knew when she pushed it too far.
John was flush against sherlock, thrusting his cock between Sherlock’s ample ass cheeks. He enjoyed the feeling of the water released against his cock. “Oh you are the very best boy in all of existence.” He kissed Sherlock’s neck before turning on the shower. He started to soap both of them down and making it a point to rinse the stall with the shower wand. He smiled as Sherlock leaned into him as he toweled them both off before heading to the bed again. He gently added some lube to Sherlock’s hole but only that. He went to get more fluids into Sherlock to restore all the loss of electrolytes that the enema caused. “Drink up darling.”
"I don't know half of it was, i didn't really like Astana, we looked exactly alike and she was normal, and I wasn't. If anything Eurus was just someone who didn't make me feel weird for wanting to ruin her existence. I found that comforting," replied Aithne, avoiding her brother's gaze.
Ella laughed, "you know for someone who carries a sword umbrella, I am starting to think you won't be too good at using it, also for someone who looks so put together  as obvious through most of your outfits you are a rather sloppy fencer. You have some poise but when it cracks, it really cracks."
Rosie looked at the two of them, "cake?" Which for any young child seems like a reasonable response to having to deal with a complicated tea time.
John pulled almost all the way out only to snap his hips right back in. He made sure to hit the prostate the best he could, he also admired how Sherlock looked in the mirror; as much as John worries about Sherlock’s weight he found himself absolutely enthralled with being able to watch the outline of his cock making its way up Sherlock’s hole. If he didn’t actually know medicine he would swear he was rearranging Sherlock’s guts every time they fucked because he could just see the length and girth of his cock making it’s way. Yet to combine the motion with Sherlock gagging on a model of his cock, he almost wished it was possible to position Sherlock in a way that he could also watch Sherlock’s throat spasm around the model of John’s cock. John hit Sherlock’s spot all over again sending long strings of pre-cum flying.
Sherlock pulled back to take a breath, he then softly scrapped his teeth along the skin of John’s ass. He changed it up between gentle nips and harsh bites he wanted John to feel his work for days. He sometimes would dive in just lick more broad strokes at John’s hole which caused John to push back onto Sherlock with a loud moan. Sherlock pushed in even deeper with his tongue.
“It has been a while, John,” said Sherlock, “I mean do you want to wear an ill fitting suit at your own wedding.” Sherlock was trying to keep a neutral expression, the last time he measured John it was for a case, but that was before the ... er... they don’t really talk about it. They don’t talk about a lot of things.
"Well at least dad saw that and then signed all the necessary paper work to keep her dead and now I'm here being highly worrisome to others because of how I phrase my own narrative of my own personal experience of being trans," said Blaze.
He paused and remembered how short the previous night was, and decided to join Sherlock in the pleasant misery that is a cock ring. He rummaged through his bag and found one of those disposable cock rings he had because some of his peers thought it funny to give him one before he left the hospital.
John groaned and pulled Sherlock's hair, and thrusted wildly down Sherlock’s throat, “well we can’t have you passing out but we can get you real close.” He pulled out and let Sherlock take a deep breath, only to gag him once again. Sherlock made some sounds that in a weird way made John feel a bit of affection for him. The way Sherlock was willing to give him so much and let him do whatever to him was rather intoxicating, the idea that someone so gorgeous and brilliant was willing to let his broken, imperfect ass degrade him so much was absolutely mind baffleing. It was almost like a dream. He gasped as Sherlock pressed a slick, gloved finger against his perineum as Sherlock deep throated him once again. “Boy, you are fast.”
Francis laughed, “yeah I tried to explain what happened to the cops and I got arrested for ‘resisting arrest’, like the fuck was that about.”
“You would be surprised, the right leather can be quite soft,” Said Sherlock still struggling to free John from his skin tight trousers, and dropped to his knees for a better look, and with that he finally sprung John free from his trousers and John’s rather impressive boner straining against his underwear. Sherlock wasn’t sure why but he just felt the need to press his face right against John’s junk.
Sherlock jerked upward into John’s grip. His hands flew up to John’s shoulders and John grunted in pain at just how hard Sherlock was holding on to him.
“Holy Fuck,” Molly exclaimed, “I didn’t know you can do that combo of words without a hint of sarcasm.” She turned to John, “I don’t know what you are doing with him, but keep it up.”
Mycroft scoffed at Toby, "it was necessary, we all didn't need Mummy and Father, spreading any doubt of the red for therapy, which makes no sense because Father is friends with a bunch of psychiatric researchers and they both want me to put the other one in a program to get her out of jail."
"Blaze, you wanker, that group is all about following the rules, they don't tolerate breaking the rules. Also I really don't need to know about the ongoing adventures of your ass," snipped Aithne.
John tested tools he had heating and cooling to see if they had hit the desired temperatures and was satisfied. He looked at Sherlock who finally relaxed with a bit of affection. He smiled and pullled on a pair of surgical gloves. He swabbed an alcohol pad over Sherlock’s right thigh. He smirked at just how much Sherlock arched at the sensation. He was now confident that the plan would work. He pulled a scalpel out of a steri-pack and gently cut a fine line along the side of Sherlock’s hip, he was careful to adjust the pressure as Sherlock tensed and writhed against the restraints. John heard a light slap and turn to the sound. He found that Sherlock’s cock was extremely hard and making an audible slap against his stomach with each breath. He found himself with the overwhelmed need to laugh. He stepped away from the table to give himself a moment to compose himself. He was glad that Sherlock couldn’t hear him.
John looked between the head and Sherlock, “I mean I guess, do you have any one I can call to confirm that was how you acquired the head.”
Mycroft was rather lost in thought, not giving much thought to the chase he was in the middle of. The cops on the other hand had backup, back up that Mycroft just wasn’t paying attention to. Mycroft took a tight turn down a narrow street in hopes of shaking them. And in that moment, he realized that he was trapped. He wasn’t exactly sure how he was going to get out of it, because he wasn't in the mood to do any damage control. He sighed and stopped.
John squinted to look at who was yelling at them, he recognized him, Sebastian the man who hired them for the bank case a few years back. "Can you not?"
"Hey Sherlock, is this what getting in trouble looked like in your house growing up? Because I am still expecting stuff to get thrown at any moment," whispered John. They still haven't turned on the kettle, they really didn't want to go back to sitting room anytime.
"Okay given that we did kind of cock it up with sending you home with Toby right away, let's pretend that didn't happen and do this properly. So ultimately until you and Toby pass the Public Access Test, you can't bring Toby around vested without me or Solomon or any of the other trainers with PAWS. Again I am only 20 minutes away by bus, so if I am free and you really need me to be around with you, I can do that. Just a heads up, try not to call me in for any cases. I am not particularly screamish but I also don't have much luck with cops. I really don't like being around cops," said Kayla.
Sherlock nodded and gave a look that tried to convey, “Do whatever you need to do to feel safe.” Sherlock turned to Mycroft and replied, “I have changed and I think I should give it another try because things have changed…”
“Yeah the fact that you tried to set fire to me while I was wearing safety gear for the dirt biking probably went far in minimizing the damage. Funny thing is I am more annoyed that you totaled my dirt bike, than the hospital stay. I mean could you imagine if my sport was something with a lot less flame retardant safety gear?” Said Blaze.
And as if Rosie knew the exact thing to do in that moment, she started licked the handle and rubbing her hands all over it and the handle and licking her hands.
Sherlock leaned back and spread his legs starting to gently touch himself through his trousers. He would occasionally touch his cock and gently grip it, he was panting and bucking in the air as he did it.
Aithne looked at Crystal, “that would be nice but remember I have lecture on Wednesday and Fridays and we have interns to supervise on Mondays and Thursdays.."
Sherlock shot Jeanine a displeased look, but drank the water offered to him. “I’ll keep that in mind then.” He turned around and started to strut towards the dance floor, the crowd parting slightly for him.
"I. I.. I..." stammered Sherlock. His eyes started flittering back and forth and his fingers started twitching.
Sherlock shrugged and pulled Rosie a bit higher in his grip, “I am doing quite well mum, I haven’t gotten in any trouble lately and while I haven’t been doing to many cases these days I have found other ways to occupy my time.” He was still holding John’s hand.
Sherlock came in shortly afterwards and looked at John in the bath. He opened his mouth and paused, "John don't get angry but I just realized you are naked under that layer of bubbles, and my mind did just indeed hit the new things quota for the day."
"My softness is just a bit of benevolent capitalism that benefits vulnerable populations and fucks with our rival companies," replied Blaze lazily waving his hand in the air. He gestured to his sister, "when you go soft, you treat dangerous people like poorly trained puppies and hope to fix them,"
John swallowed, “didn’t you say you’ve had enough physical contact tonight, you don’t have to do this for me if you don’t want to.”
“Please... Captain more...” said Sherlock through gritted teeth, his erection bobbing between the two of them. His cock leaking even more as John milked him, it was a delightful torture but he was totally done with it.
John sighed, but he quickly turned to smiles as he saw William and Sherlock proceeded to melt the seams, and taking apart the car. Sherlock showed William, how to screw the pullback motor back into place. John thought it all adorable to see William and Sherlock repair the car that was until, Sherlock taught William how to use the flint striker to light the torch and now John was terrified. “Sherlock, are you sure that is a good idea?”
He jumped off the bed, and nudged Sherlock with his foot. “Boy, get up!” He didn’t want to be too soft on Sherlock because he noticed he seemed to drift off when he was, he found that with being with Sherlock and giving the man what he needed had to be a balancing act of caring but also a bit of roughness and domination. He bent down to see if Sherlock was okay, he seemed to be just fine maybe a little stunned from the drop but physically fine.
"Dad, you don't have to do this!" Yelled John. John yelped as his dad grabbed him by his wrist and started twisting it. John wrenched his arm out of his dad's grip and tackled him.
"Ella, you'll probably want to stop with the comments, he isn't fun to deal with when he is angry," said Andrea keeping an uneasy eye on the two of them.
Solomon nodded, "Perfectly reasonable."   Solomon pressed a buzzer, "no."  Bosco leapt off the table. Solomon whistled once and clicked the clicker twice. Bosco leaped onto the table and padded up to John and licked his face while pawing at him.
Molly was curious about that stare down happening between the two of them. She nodded as she finished writing the order down, “Okay, I’ll be right back with your orders.”
He took the steps up, to his bedsit contemplating whether or not show up at 221 B with all his possessions throwing all caution to the wind or maybe just checking out 221 and deal with the uncomfortable shit that was getting over the fact that he was indeed caught with another man in his bedsit that was specifically for veterans but hey they can openly serve now... so what was veteran’s affairs office going to do about it. Okay he was probably going to have to take to showering at the gym if he was to stay, but no he thought to himself, just take the chance and move in with Sherlock even though he does feel like a figment of his imagination.
He hopped on a train to East London, knowing that had a high concentration of raves therefore probably making his search significantly shorter. As he sat he heard a familiar voice, “hey William!”
"John, our family has two settings, calmly talking things through to some satisfying ending that may or may not actually work and some of our relatives did occasionally turn to fencing to solve issues. Why would anyone throw stuff in an argument? And why do you expect it?" Said Sherlock looking at John concerned.
"My name is not Anthea, you've been calling me the wrong name for the past 8 years, and you never bothered to call me my actual name," said Andrea, who was standing on the landing of the stairs next to the front door. "You are the only one who calls me Anthea, and for the first 2 years I kept trying to correct you, but it never stuck. You're literally the only one in the entire department who does it and we aren't sure if you are doing it because you are just obtuse or you are being so consumed in whatever head game you are currently playing to notice."
“Maybe she dropped it, kids drop things Sherlock,” John sighed at Sherlock shaking his head in denial. “Rosie is also a kid, she is bound to drop things.”
Kayla laughed, "I feel like I was spoiled back home, in Oakland even our regular grocery stores had honey from our region. The farmer's market and some of the fancier shops you were able to pick which neighborhood you wanted the honey from. I'd just go with the pasteurized one at least it is hasn't had any added sugar, the others have things added to it, so you stuck to only one kind of sugar."
Sherlock was a little taken a back when John suddenly impeded his ability to breath. He closed his eyes to really take in the sensation, when he felt some cold glass being pressed against his face.
John let go of Sherlock’s hips and hugged him, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as well, they kept kissing switching between gentle nips and rather sloppy open mouth kisses. John slowed down his thrusts as he felt himself about to cum, he delivered shallow thrusts as he came hot spurts of cum into Sherlock.
Sherlock threw himself forward, holding John tightly, wrapping himself around John’s waist, his face embarrassingly close to John’s private areas, he made an undignified sound as John fell backwards and his shin grazed across Sherlock’s rapidly stiffening cock. Sherlock let off a little moan.
John quickly placed his hands on the table, and Sherlock picked up some utensils and grabbed the plates of food. He started cutting the sausages and other other items into bite size pieces.
But there was no denying she did set fire to her brother as a child (the investigation shows that she apparently threw a molotov cocktail at her brother while he was riding his mountain bike, the safety gear he was wearing bore most of the trauma, but he still had some scarring. the incident was enough for the Hunters to still place their daughter into a psych hospital.), and it was just too close to the time, Eurus drowned Victor and hurt Sherlock, what if they had some kind of shared delusion. The fact that Aithne and Eurus stayed in the same hospital ward, did indeed trouble him. It seemed that after the fire at the hospital, the Hunters took full custody of their daughter, her mother even gave up her career temporarily to try out some methods used on children with detachment disorder.  Which was not something Aithne seemed to like according to doctor’s notes, but she apparently got to a level of functioning that allowed for her to go to a mainstream school.
"You know what Mother, Father! This is the easiest thing for me to do! I mean if I didn't keep track of all of you how would I know when you need trouble or when trouble is coming for you? I mean is it so wrong to keep track when the danger is real. It isn’t paranoia when the threat is real,” snapped Mycroft at his parents.
John got up and gently parted Sherlock’s ass cheeks. He was relieved to see that despite a bit of swelling, there wasn’t any tears, but the look of his cum just spilling out of Sherlock was fucking fascinating. He felt the need to take it in in all possible ways. He ran a finger along the riim of Sherlock’s hole which was
He tucked that thought away for now because he was most definitely sure he wanted to research that experiment rather thoroughly with John in the future. He was a bit surprised by just how much he was leaking, and it was from a quick look definitely different from the previous emissions, he was definitely going to have to research that. He placed his hands on John’s head and tried to guide him over for a kiss, Sherlock had to lean forward for lips to meet, the kiss quickly started to deepen and soon Sherlock felt John’s tongue exploring his mouth. Sherlock started to match John’s movements.
That sound got John’s attention, he looked at down at Sherlock, and he sat back up. John pulled Sherlock closer to his leg, “Sherlock it’s all fine,” said as his foot started to trace along the outline of Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock scowled, "how does this always end up in the rotation? I purposely put the books in an order so that when I grab them in theory we won't have to tell the same story every day for a week. But this one keeps jumping it's place in line. I really hate saying pengwing...pengweens... penguins." He sighed.
Sherlock was moaning rather loudly, and taking in the sensation of being penetrated. He already felt rather sensitive to the point of mild discomfort because he already came but the pleasure he felt from John made the discomfort practically disappear. At the same time he could feel the coil inside him begin again but in a new way, he wasn’t exactly sure if he had a refractory period but maybe coming from penile stimulation and coming from anal stimulation are two different things.
"Which ever you want dear? I personally don't care for dramatic confrontation, but really you are the one who has to work with him in person, as far as it goes for me, he is just a family member with control issues, probably based in childhood trauma combined with a touch of neglect whose control issues are now inflicting harm on the people he cares about henceforth making his control issues no longer sensible because it is counter acting why he started having them in the first place." said Ella shrugging her shoulders.
Both John and Sherlock looked at Molly and nodded. John said, “yes everything is delicious and the service is absolutely wonderful, isn’t that right Sherlock?”
But Sherlock managed to solve it and all the guilty parties were tucked away for the legal and academic systems to deal with. To top it off they both had to go undercover for this whole case and he wasn’t really having it with the whole get up he had to wear to fit in. Sherlock on the other hand looked absolutely gorgeous like always. John awkwardly shifted in the weird fatigue and motorcycle gear get up, it really left nothing to the imagination and he was pretty sure he caught Sherlock staring a few times, deep down he hoped Sherlock liked what he saw. Then again Sherlock did pick the outfit for him... so maybe just maybe Sherlock felt something of sorts for John.
Sherlock realized what was happening and he started moaning rather loudly. He always loved John’s piss but they never tried this before. He fucked John’s fist again while he worked his hole to tighten around the tip of John’s cock. He felt like his hole was ready for another round. “Daddy, it’s so warm! I want you to do this all the time.”
“Well yes, that would be ideal, I can’t have you getting me kicked out of there,” said John staring at Sherlock.
“So the numbers will talk to me again, I miss hi... Uh the numbers I want the numbers to talk to me again. He... uh I miss the numbers. They help with work. Yes the numbers help with work the new discoveries, the lucky ideas all come from the numbers,” replied Blaze waving his hand in the air.
Sherlock sat down next to John and smiled. He pressed a quick kiss to John’s cheek, a rare public display of affection that was initiated by Sherlock that was more than just the holding of hands.
There is some bits of homophobia and casual transphobia that occurs in this chapter, but I didn't mark them off because skipping those bits means you skip a lot of important parts of the story. It's long but it does have a happy ending full of supportive families.
Scott sighed, stood up, grabbed the back of aithne’s chair, and pulled really hard, “finish the fucking story!”
“I don’t really care, my place is nearby but mind you it is a bed sit with a strict no overnight visitor policy. And it is a veteran’s housing, so I don’t know how that might affect things for you,” Said John, he knew it was probably a bad idea and he was probably fueled by a touch of the urge for a bit of self sabotage, but he couldn’t bring himself to care.
Joey nodded, “I am the oldest of 5 sibling and my parents both have 8 siblings and don’t forget all the aunts and uncles and god parents. I’m Filipino, our family events can get huge real fast, also if I was marrying a woman we would staring at a list of at least 300, so be grateful for that. Also you already dealt with that issue before with Scott and Josephine’s wedding, I for one don’t have nearly as a great relationship with the extended family as my sister does.”
Sherlock shook his head, “John, we still only have two data points. Mrs. Hudson can you keep an ear out for Rosie? We’re going to take a quick step in Speedy’s.” He dragged John out the door and into Speedy’s, “hey Amir, is it okay if I ask everyone a quick question and who ever answer can have their meal added to my monthly tab.”
John pulled Sherlock into a kiss, “and I am more than fine with you trying to figure out what you like.” He pulled out two towels and handed one to
rode John without hesitation. John swore that Sherlock’s ass was going to leave him with a bruise but he didn’t care.
"Boy, you know my crazy terribleness saved all of your asses," said Aithne as she leaned back in her chair and raised her leg.
Sherlock held John’s cock on his mouth a little longer as he felt John soften up. Eventually, he pushed himself up and allowed himself to be held by John as they both caught their breath. Sherlock pressed a kiss against John’s mouth, “so... we are going to have to do that again sometime soon.”
John and Sherlock tried to stifle an uncomfortable laugh, but quickly regained composure. "Who wants tea?" Said Sherlock in hopes of causing a diversion. John raised the tray of sandwiches and pastures. Rosie raised a biscuit.
Sherlock laid on top of John, unable to move easily because of John’s tight grip and also because he was thoroughly impaled on John’s rather large cock. He smirked as he squeezed down on John’s cock, and moaned because it only added more pressure against all the right places. He moaned as he firmly planted his feet against the bed and tried to move up and down John’s cock the best he could, but he couldn’t move too far in John’s form grip.
The post that inspired this ficlet: https://kitten-kin.tumblr.com/post/190894728833/john-will-your-bed-isnt-made-in-fact-i-dont
Sherlock was bored, bored, bored out of his mind and yet things were so overwhelming, the sounds of London seeping through his window and try as he, he paced back and forth in his flat occasionally dramatically flopping down onto the couch. He decided that he needed to get out of the flat and get in the thick of the all the stimuli that is London.
Mycroft started laughing, and then he shot a look a his parents. He had a fairly neutral facial expression but something about how he looked at them conveyed a lot.
John quickly pinched Sherlock’s nose, “Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are downstairs and we don’t need Rosie hearing her daddies fucking nor do we need Mrs. Hudson getting all the juicy details about our sex life together.” He was amused by the strangled sound of Sherlock trying to catch his breath but between the dildo and John’s efforts, Sherlock was not going to get enough in. The look of panic on Sherlock’s face only made John feel more aroused and he still wasn’t comfortable with the idea of just how much pleasure John got out of making Sherlock suffer. There was also something about the fact that Sherlock trusted John that much that soothes that discomfort, because it couldn’t be that bad; if the rough treatment was something Sherlock asked for, because these past couple of weeks Sherlock was getting increasingly bratty and complaining about how John just wasn’t being rough enough, but the fact was John had to make himself ready for being like that with Sherlock because he was still appalled with himself over beating him the morgue that one time.
“So are either of you inviting anyone from the service to the wedding?” Asked Hiram as he peered closely at the color scheme on the board... of course scarlet and Navy blue was going to be the main colors, he knows it's a silly thing to fuss over but he did wish his kids were a touch more creative when it came to such things, but really just because they met at a war zone doesn't mean they have to go with the colors of the US Marine Corp and the Royal Army. He didn’t exactly enjoy the gold and dusty rose combo for Scott and Josephine’s wedding, the color scheme was a nightmare to buy for. “Also is anyone from the scene coming because at this point I imagine the seating chart will be hilarious.”
"Andrea, your boss has yet to correct your name, despite you trying for the past ten years. I doubt having my permission for anything is going to stop him from trying to get my notes," said Ella. "What does he want? Do he want people's PTSD notes to see where to send them or to find whatever pressure points they may have to change their behavior. Does he need to Black Mail someone?"
Sherlock looked at the interaction between his parents and Mycroft, he felt a little bit of childish glee but ultimately he was curious to see where all of this went.
John tried to not show Sherlock how much the pen tickled, “just let me see the place, I am not going to make any promises.” He pulled Sherlock closer and kissed him. “Don’t cause any more trouble than you need to.”
Sherlock who removed his button up shirt before getting Rosie into the tub was just in his trousers and undershirt was giving the distracted child a bath. He turned around and smiled at John, “oh don’t worry i’ve tested out the recipe, it doesn’t stain the tub.”
Willow was telling anyone who would listen that she got on blockers, and as Papa accompanied William and some of the other kids on the under ground, he listened intently to all Willow had to say. Sherlock raised an eyebrow when he heard Willow asking William, why he asked her for her legal name and birthdate? He smiled when William quietly explained to Willow why he asked, and Willow pulled him in for a giant hug. She promised William that she wouldn’t tell a soul, but asked if she could give the names for some of the other girls in the group who needed the same help. While Sherlock was pleased to see that his son having an altruistic turn for his crimes, he knew he had a lot to teach William on the skills needed to break the law. Sherlock was very much up for the challenge, but now he was wondering if they made nitrile gloves for someone as small as William, he couldn’t have William getting caught over something as silly as fingerprints.
Mycroft made a face as he snuck up behind Sherlock’s associate and draped the hood over him to drag him into his car. He hated having to do the leg work for things like this but given how new he was in his career he didn’t want to owe anyone favors. He hoped against all hope that this time the man had some incontinence pants on this time.
Sherlock’s attention suddenly peaked, he looked up and turned immediately John, “okay you have my attention but do sips count?”
‘Oh okay, Violet and Siger, please come in and join us at the sitting room,” said John, as he motioned to the couches.
Andrea laughed, "maybe I should just give him our address, and knowing how impulsive he has been lately, he'll just show up. And do this like an intervention."
"Well we don't have much space for a spectacularly large dog, but otherwise we want a dog that can take public transit and taxis fine, but not too small." Said Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled a sad smile, “I think I am going to have to agree with you on that front.”   His head eyes drifted to the clock, only 2 hours had passes since the incident in the tub, 3.5 since their bit on the couch. A lot changed since this morning and it didn't bother him, it didn't bother him that a lot changed in the past couple of weeks. Time passing often meant things changed but there is something about how fast things could change. He thought about how much he panicked in the bathroom, he hurt John, and John had his moments. It was just odd how fast things can go from blissful to intolerable. He didn’t know what to do with That feeling he tried to sit in that feeling and figure out why it bothered him now when it used to not bother him. There was at times where he felt that the the middl point in the swings between bliss and pain rather boring, he couldn’t identify what about it made him feel bored. It was only now that John and Rosie was back in his life in a full time capacity did he realise that the balance didn't have to be boring. He understood what Ella and the other doctors talked about when it came to extreme moods affecting his ability to function but it killed the boredom. He hasn't really felt the boredom as strongly as he used to and for that he was grateful, but at the same time he always wondered when it was coming back.
“Sebastian, I am obviously alone in here. So mind your own fucking business,” Said John hoping that Sebastian didn’t lean on the curtain, which Sherlock some how managed to wrap himself in successfully.
John blushed as he picked up the hose and started rinsing the mess Sherlock and him caused. He knew that he was most likely on the edge of something special.
“Can you dress up for me, Daddy I want to see you in your uniform. Daddy, I think being in your full captain glory will make me behave,” replied Sherlock as he pressed his hands together pleading.
The older man took one more firm thrust against Sherlock’s ass while gripping at the outline of Sherlock’s cock through his trousers, “show me the way.” He whispered to Sherlock as he loosened his grip on Sherlock.
"I mean that is how john and I came upon the agreement to what it would take to move back in together. So I have found that this solution has worked in the past. I agree to this solution," said Sherlock as he grabbed some paper and pens off the mantel.
Sherlock looked at the cake, it was like the one he was just holding up for Rosie until Sebastian showed up. "I don't know, I really don't like not knowing things."
Violet shrugged, "I think whatever it does for him, works until he is surprised, but he never liked surprises did he? Do you remember how much trouble he had with that mind palace? At first we all just thought he was just day dreaming, but he was just thinking, and the doctors wanted him medicated, I mean he just needed time to catch up with his brain, they thought it was seizures. Apparently Hiram had trouble with Aithne around that time too, she apparently tried to set fire to her twin, and a good chunk of her research is based around the aftermath of the experience. Aithne apparently had this delusion that she was not her own person, and had to lash out at her twin, Astana, to free herself, but it ended up with their mother employing some rather intense attachment parenting techniques that apparently exacerbated her more. Also who the hell calls their kids fire and water and expect them to get along. Turns out she also had CIPA, but they didn't find out till she was older, they found out the age most kids with it die, Moira thinks it played a part in why she was so prone to hurting her siblings and other kids, she probably didn't know that what she was doing was hurting them."
John was wearing a black shirt, dark jeans, and a tan cargo jacket that reminded Sherlock of an army fatigues, and it made him really want to see John in them someday. John was pulling Sherlock along as fast as he could and when they were well away from the bedsit, he stopped looked at Sherlock and started laughing Sherlock joined in on the laughter. And with that John pulled Sherlock down and delivered a light kiss to his lips, “darling, you were very good back there,
“Well I hope you don’t plan on doing it again any time soon, because mummy and father have an idea and although I advise against it, they are persistent,” said Mycroft, his nose wrinkled in disdain. “There will be someone coming to talk with you soon, be as honest as you possibly can with her, and do feel free to talk about your time here.”
"Your brother was right, there isn't many places that can take her, also it might be a wise idea to have her in an exceedingly different place, that way she can't slip into any old habits or patterns without making an extreme effort to make it happen," said Siger. "I mean we can visit her, maybe rent a house in the area while she is in Program there. I mean family interaction is part of the program, and we can be there the entire time, and you can make time to visit. We have a few friends in that area with access to university labs, maybe they can give you access privileges, that way to you don't get bored. Maybe if John
John grabbed the dildo and tapped it on Sherlock’s lips which instantly parted. John watched them both in the mirror as he slowly pushed the dildo down Sherlock’s throat, he found the outline of the dildo going down Sherlock’s throat absolutely arousing and it only made him thrust into Sherlock at an even more punishing rate, John could see Sherlock’s stomach move with each thrust and he could make the outline of his cock moving through Sherlock’s body and that was fucking hot.
Sherlock started to bounce on John’s dick occasionally adding a hip roll or two to change it up. He was enjoying pulling sounds out of John, and felt like he could do this all day long but the cock ring was starting to hurt and he didn’t know if he should tell John because this was the longest erection he had without the aid of drugs, and he felt a twinge of shame at that fact, but that was all behind him now. He felt john’s hands on his waist force him down, and he found himself nestled in John’s lap.
“That was John, he is great, I want him to be my flatmate. Sorry Jennifer. I need to stop something terrible,” Said Sherlock as he watched John leave.
John couldn’t believe he had the chance to do this, he was overjoyed that he got to this and could feel Sherlock’s balls twitch against his chin. He knew Sherlock was close to cumming. He felt Sherlock’s hands trying to push him off as he started to taste the first bitter drops of cum, he shoved Sherlock’s entire length down his throat and swallowed down all of Sherlock’s release. He pulled off Sherlock and rolled onto his back.
"Holy fuck, what kinda dark family secret lies there? I mean that long of a stay and the fact that you managed to get this number which just smacks of you having some connections that just hints of money or power or both. I mean I am going to have to get all case notes and do an in person interview before I give you an answer. But the house could always use more residents who pay fully out of pocket, maybe even a few trustees," Dr. Hunter laughed. "Also what's her name, I mean if you got this number than you know I was in an institution myself as a kid for almost a year, but a fire happened," she sighed. "I may have been in a place with her," asked Dr. Hunter.
The man in a suit frowned, was he being that obvious, “okay fine, you are rather correct on the big brother thing.” He sighed, “the name is Mycroft, and I would really like you to accept the offer.”
Sherlock nodded, “I’m glad we are together too, but what this is, is more than I was expecting out of my life.” He got on the sofa next to John and laid his head on John’s lap, while raising his legs on the couch.
“So it came my time to shine,” said Blaze, “but she fucking punched me in the chest  two months after top surgery revisions.”
John was confused, he was sitting in a familiar kitchen, he heard a sound of something crashing. He ran towards the sound, it's his dad he was throwing stuff and screaming again. "I didn't raise you to be like this!  No daughter of mine is going to be a fucking dyke!"  His dad was standing over Harry who managed to find herself into a corner, she was trying to shift out of the way but dad had her boxed in. Dad started kicking her, John rushed over and tried to pull his dad off Harry. "What are you doing John? Are you going to defend that freak?"
The teens added the contact points and plugged the cords in on both Mycroft and Ella and backed away.
Sherlock snipped back, "you are not allowed to ask that question by law, and I already got your medallion number, so if you don't want to be reported for violating the law, I suggest you just get us to 221 Baker Street, and ask no further questions."
"Yeah judging by the report of what happened over at Sherringford, I am sure you had some sibling relationship development over a coffin," said Violet smirking into her cup of tea.
Sherlock nodded and sat back up on the couch, John sighed already missing Sherlock presence. “John, I’m okay if you feel the need to get your fulfillment elsewhere, and I am working on it, I want to share that part with you eventually.”
Kayla looked at Sherlock, "okay crowded, how does being crowded make you feel and what makes those feelings more tolerable."
As Mycroft ate his lunch, he looked at the file he received about Aithne Hunter, he didn't really like the idea about her meeting Eurus. Sure she looked great on paper as she is now. But her NHS mental health record was troubling. Does someone really outgrow conduct disorder. And she had a history of setting fires, wetting the bed, and injuring her siblings, like that was two out of the homicidal triad, wasn't it. Also hurting humans is probably above killing animals, he sighed. The bed wetting was related to CIPA, but you couldn't blame the fires and beating her siblings for that. For Christ sake she set fire to her twin sister... who is now her twin brother and judging from their phone records and social media pages, they seem to get along great, like better than any set of siblings should. And she also seemed to have a good relationship with her two oldest brother and younger sibling too. Most of that improvement seemed to go into the fact that they all seemed to have moved as a group to San Francisco. Their father worked in the JPL at Cal Tech, and he a really high security clearance because of it, the kids were are on good terms with him. None of the siblings seemed to have a good relationship with the mother who teaches at Oxford. Hmm... looks like Aithne spent time in the same children's ward as Eurus, just before the fire that shut it down. Maybe they spent time together there, maybe they even worked the fire together. He didn't like the idea that someone one could actually be scheming with Eurus this whole time.
John laughed, "Sherlock, I am not mad, but that really can't be comfortable." He tilted his head in the direction of the quickly drying spot on Sherlock's pants.
Sherlock pushed through and bent down to untangle the lead, but Toby figured it out before he had to start. Sherlock started to laugh.
John nodded, and looked out at the crowd, “I might as well enjoy the festivities, do I need to get rid of the the company shirt?”
John wasn't sure where Sherlock was taking him, he just knew they were going to get a service dog. I mean they didn't even talk about it they just came out of Ella's office and knowing it was going to be a thing. Sherlock certainly seemed enthusiastic about it and he wouldn't doubt that he would have help in caring for dog and if anything it probably was a good thing. but service dogs take time. John saw that they were closing in on a large brick building that said "PAWS: People Animal Wellness Services". He saw Mrs. Hudson and Rosie standing out front.
Sherlock leaned against John’s chest as John held on to him. He felt John’s cock still hard in him, and it was getting a little bit uncomfortable, so he rolled off John and delivered a quick kiss to John’s lips before getting off the bed, John was about to say something before Sherlock grabbed John by his legs and positionsd him to sitting at the edge of the bed. He dropped to his knees and proceeded to start licking his cum off of John’s boots. Sherlock moaned as John started running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He started to untie John’s boots and reached up to pull down John’s trousers and pants. Sherlock grabbed another condom off the bedside table and quickly removed John’s condom and rolled the second one on with his mouth.
