Tony was currently out to lunch with Pepper, idly observing the bustling on-goers of Manhattan from his spot on a classic bistro's rooftop terrace as they discussed SI investment plans and future projects.
“Ngh,…god. You’re so fucking tight.” Tony drawls, leaning over to kiss Steve as he makes sharp, quick jabs with his hips, each one hitting Steve’s sweet spot dead on.
Tony knew where this was going, it was something he used to tell Steve every morning once upon that previously mentioned time.
Now he’s a guardian, the sole guardian to this blonde, blue eyed newborn in his arms. He never actually imagined this to be a real possibility back when he’d signed the paperwork that Jane shoved under his nose during the first months of her pregnancy. He signed the papers as a courtesy, a gesture, but never did he believe that he would actually have to be more than ‘Uncle Tony’ to the baby.
Tony’s fingers continue their rhythmic dance, ignoring the way the muscles beneath them have gone taut.
But even as he awaited the answer, Tony’s hand made quick work of stroking the length he knew better than his own penis.
Smiling, the Commander complied with the request. In one graceful move he removed his shirt, exposing a truly exquisite collection of muscles to the human eye.
With the Winter Soldier safely away hibernating, Steve was left to contemplate for the first time a future where Howard Stark was alive.
Finally they reached the motel, a worn down, seedy looking place, two stories with a few staircases that smelled like piss. He’d rented a room at floor level ahead of time, it had iron bars in the windows and an extra lock on the door. It was the kind of place whose main clientele probably consisted of druggies and hookers but thankfully also meant they were the least interested in calling the police if they saw anything fishy. Steve got out of the car and opened the passenger door, catching Tony’s unconscious body as it fell against him. Steve lifted Tony onto his arms, closed the doors, locked the car and walked the few steps to their room.
When the first batch of Curriculums vitae came though, Steve dutifully looked through the pile in Tony’s office. He flipped through the pages one by one.
This time it was Steve who snorted out a laugh while Eliza turned the brightest shade of red Tony had ever seen on her. Ultimately it was Steve who took pity on the girl and steered the conversation back toward safer ground, thus allowing Tony to gather his thoughts for later. Their easy conversation continued for another half hour before Eliza politely took her leave. She hugged Tony hard when they said goodbye, relief written all over her face and suddenly Tony wondered how long she’d been fearing his reaction.
Tony was not an idiot, he could hear the wind beating snow down on the roof. He knew there had to be a blizzard and if he tried to run he’d only die from exposure.
It sounds like such a well-rehearsed line that it’s almost automatic. Tony cannot believe his ears. Steve had sacrificed everything to have his own children, it had been the driving factor behind Steve’s infidelity, the cause for their breakup, the reason for his marriage to Peggy.
Finally she finds the account she wanted to snoop into the most, Steve Rogers. She recognizes him from the other pictures and she knows right away that he has to be the ex-boyfriend. As invested as she is, the project comes to an end rather abruptly. No, she doesn’t get caught, but rather she realizes rather unceremoniously that Steve Rogers is married to a woman by the name of ‘Peggy’ and they recently celebrated a ten year anniversary.
From their reflection on the window Steve could see Pepper stiffen and shrug off Tony’s gentle hold on her arms.
Loki’s comment is all venom, but not at Tony. Tony manages a smirk despite the accusatory glare Steve pins the dark haired man with.
Edwin Jarvis, a tall, slender man in a suit was carrying a tea tray into the dining room. How utterly ridiculous, pondered Steve, that this man who’d been so integral to Tony’s upbringing would be bringing in the tea. Steve stood before the only man he’d ever been sorry not to have met and stretched out his hand.
The end of the twentieth century was everything Steve thought it would be. They were invited to at least a dozen parties and went to only one. They stood there on one of the top floors of the Empire State building as thousands of people in the streets shouted and partied like the end was coming. They drank champagne and danced and kissed until Tony’s eyes grew heavy and Steve asked Happy to take them home.
Siggy nods but she cannot help the mischievous little smile that worms its way to her lips. She hadn’t said anything before on purpose, that much is obvious.
On one hand, Howard being alive provided him with the opportunity to steer Tony away from Obadiah Stane, on the other hand however it also meant splitting Stark Industries. It was with these thoughts weighing on his mind that Steve accompanied Tony to dinner at his parents’, where all the common topics were poked at and argued about. All through the evening, comments about Tony still going to MIT even though he could stop at three PhD’s, to Tony still not being involved in SI, rang on. But out of it all Steve knew only one hurt Tony, Howard's miserable observation that Steve was still ‘babysitting’ when there were more important things he could be doing.
By the time Sigrid is ten, Tony’s sense of time is lost to chaos. His weekdays are all about homework and dinner and movies and snacks and weird kitchen experiments concocted in the minds of children with a love for fire and explosions. He gets plenty of work done (he thinks, after all they haven’t fired him from his job yet) but by the time school is done it’s a mad dash to get three kids fed and homework done before Vivi comes to pick up her two terrors. The only times when Tony is actually alone is during those short hours spent alone in his office, working. Any other time is spent either in the company of a child (or children) or with Vivi and/or Stephen.
“I’ve gotta start breakfast” He stopped at the door frame but didn’t turn to see Tony’s nakedness. “Feel free to make yourself at home”
From their home fifty stories above ground, Steve looked at the buildings and houses that had crumbled down, not that many considering the magnitude of the quake and aftershocks not to mention, no loss of life. The tower which was earthquake proof, had served as shelter for thousands of New Yorkers.
It was all coming so easily. One smile, one look, one arm on a shoulder and they were all smiles and trust.
“No one’s ever loved me as much as you.” Tony tells him sometimes. He always says it with such wonder in his voice, as if he can’t understand it.
“Look I know this isn’t what you wanted but they’re here, they’re hurt and they need our help, so shake it off!” Tony admonished. They were rushing to the tenth floor’s medical centre where the doctor was apparently done nursing Bucky’s wound. Steve had called Fury right away but Nick told him to stay put, Natasha, Clint, Coulson and Maria Hill would handle Pierce.
This was how Steve wanted to end his life, with his husband by his side. Determined to not drag this on, the Commander got to work.
Steve held Tony’s jawline in his large palms, crushed their foreheads together in a sort of dramatic non-kiss.
It hit him more when he realized just how much Tony had shielded him against the politicians of the world who wanted the Avengers hung from a tree because of ‘unnecessary loss of life and destruction of public property’ every time they were deployed.
Everyone said the same thing; “Any day now…” as if that any day wasn’t Tony’s death, but Steve didn’t mind, because that only meant that his own ‘any day’ was fast approaching too.
He could play it now, have them all looking over his shoulder as Alaska’s face filled the screen but he didn’t want that.
Hours later, Tony awoke in convoluted layers. His head throbbed, his mouth felt dry, he was warm…and finally, he was naked. With that last bit of knowledge, Tony forced his eyes to open and take in his surroundings. To his utter shock the first thing he saw was Steve’s sleeping face.
It wasn’t because Tony didn’t want children, on the contrary, he probably would have liked to have one. It was because Tony knew better than to bring it up.
Steve could sue Dr. Blake, yes. But what good would that do? He’d just get a slap on the wrist and be on his merry way, free to hurt others like his Tony. No…Steve has to do something about that.
When Christmas Eve arrives, Steve fears Tony might just combust with excitement. They’ve invited a small group, just five friends but the food has been expertly catered and their home, professionally decorated because Tony refuses to go near the tree ornaments in fear that he’ll break one. All the preparation has created a frenzy of excitement that reminds Steve of a Christmas movie.
Squeals and laughter broke through several conversations as Tony blew a raspberry on the baby’s stomach. A second later, Tony was off to greet his guests, a smiling baby at his hip.
The food is consumed in a frenzy of noise, voices talking over each other, food being unwrapped, a myriad of conversations carrying one over the other. It doesn’t take long for Vivi (dressed and ready), to come downstairs to grab a bite to eat herself before leaving for her shift. She leaves the children with hugs and kisses, Tony with a big smooch to his forehead and a mysterious conversation with Stephen that is whispered too low for anyone to hear. All Tony knows is that when Stephen walks back into the living room, he seems particularly interested in watching Steve.
‘Just go along with it for now. Make him trust you, get him to stop the meds and then run.’ It was a solid plan, a good plan that would buy him time until the weather was better. He needed to get used to these surroundings, if he tried to run now Steve would have the element of familiar ground in his favour. He’d probably find him before Tony made it to a major highway. ‘Find a phone, call SI,’ but no, he thought, doing that would just give Steve time to grab him and run somewhere else. Steve had always been a strategist and the likelihood he hadn’t thought and come with different scenarios was unlikely.
Steve, his wonderful, beautiful husband would say yes if Tony wanted it. But that didn’t mean Steve actually did. In fact, he didn’t want much to do with children. Steve tolerated Alaska, could hold her for short periods of time and make her fall asleep, but anything more than that? He took a step back. Tony did all the heavy lifting when they babysat her and when all was said and done and Alaska was back in her parents’ loving arms, Steve always looked happier for it.
Tony watched Eliza the same way a worried parent watches over their teenage daughter at a school dance. He wasn’t aware of it, of course, but every other person in the room was. The girl was currently trying out her newly-learned seduction skills (courtesy of Natasha) on SI’s head of marketing. She had come a long way from the Regime-brat who’d almost landed on water and Tony suspected it had a lot to do with Steve’s mentoring. He appeared to be carefully grooming the girl for something, but neither Eliza nor Steve was admitting to anything.
“I love you Tony, I love you and I know I hurt you but I just want a chance to make things right again. I want us to have a chance at being happy.”
Tony savoured the smooth taste of the amber liquid on his tongue, the rich taste of spices coating his whole mouth and making it tingle pleasantly. He took another hefty sip and set the glass down. “I’ve done worse.”
Tony palmed himself through his jeans, more turned on at the sight than he would like to admit. He unzipped his pants and let out a sigh as the strain of a metal zipper against his cock was relieved.  He stumbled to find the bottle of hand lotion on his desk, fishing his dick out of his pants and started jerking himself off, eyes glued to the screen as Steve continued to take a beating.
He didn’t mind helping Bruce out, especially on a project as fundamentally important as his artificial tissue synthesizer, but when science didn’t involve welding things and blowing shit up Tony Stark had a very short attention span and they’d been at this for hours already.
“Well too bad, I do.” Steve said, his voice firm and unyielding. “I’m trying Tony, I really am, but you’re not making it easy. Why do you hate me so much? What have I ever done to you –“
“Call it a trust building exercise. Now can you get off me? Your knee is crushing my nuts.” He grunted.
He tried to get a hold of his repulsors but his whole left side was damaged and unresponsive, and it was impossible to steer. Not that he’d be able to if he could get a hold on it, considering his external video feed was cut off and he was just staring at a black screen.
Steve feels a dribble of pre-cum dribble out over his fingers and swipes his thumb over the head, earning a cry of pleasure and another sharp thrust from his partner.
Just like that, the tension mostly ceased, although the two men continued hovering in each other’s faces, staring each other down like it was a death match. Tony was the first to break the silence.
Also, shameless plug for anyone who's interested, I opened a Ko-fi shop for my art and will soon (eventually) be accepting commissions so if you're into that sort of thing check me out @ https://ko-fi.com/catland
“If there’s ever something I’m uncomfortable with you’ll be the first to know.” He says mischievously, winking back at Tony before heading out.
He starts pumping his cock, slowly at first, his grip firm and steady. Mr. Stark's eyes are fixed on him, and Steve can't find it in him to look away, holding eye contact as his fist moves rapidly up and down his shaft, the wet sound of skin slapping filling the otherwise quiet room.
After cleaning himself up Steve made his way to the conference room and was immediately assaulted with explosions of glitter and party horns the second he opened the door. He stood frozen at the doorway, completely dumbfounded by the hundreds of phallic balloons and party decorations littering the entire meeting area. It looked like someone’s trashy bachelorette party.
Steve let his eyes slide close, relaxing against the shower room wall. He rubbed around his nipple, swiping the pad of his thumb over the little nub. The shock of just how good it felt surprised him a bit. Steve gasped, trying to stifle a moan, a spurt of precum drooling out of his cock at the rush of endorphins. He heard Tony let out an almost predatory growl over the phone.
“Uh, yeah, that’s me.” He says, stepping closer to the guy and extends his hand in greeting. “Steve Rogers.”
After a brief hint of tongue Steve pulled away, much to the genius’ disappointment. Tony would protest if his brain could reboot fast enough to handle a thought, let alone an entire string of coherent words.
Tony’s heart leaped in his chest at the confession, and suddenly he felt like a kid on the playground after his crush just admitted that they
There was a deafening roar from outside and the whole ship rattled as something smashed into the side of it, and suddenly there was a Hulk sized hole in the side of the airship.
Steve let out a quiet moan and bit his bottom lip to stifle the sound, letting out a soft grunt as he worked his hand up and down his cock.
Still a bit high from climax, Steve clumsily reached for his pants and slipped them on, pulling his shirt back over his head. He was curious to know what kind of roles Tony thought he could play, but he decided to save it for later.
“Just finished some training rounds with the others, I thought maybe you might want to go grab coffee or something?”
Steve really didn’t approve of Tony drinking while on medication, but if he just had the one drink than he’d refrain from stirring up the inevitable argument. If anything, hopefully it would just knock him out so that he could catch up on some decent sleep.
“Did I ever mention how much I hate reptiles?” She said in disgust as she climbed up its neck, shooting at its beady yellow eyes with her widows’ bite while Iron Man flew up to the opposing flank and shot a barrage of repulsor beams into its side, but the creature was barely affected by the stings. Instead, their attacks just seemed to be pissing him off.
The spaceship rocks heavily again, the metal frame that he’s using to anchor himself peeling back with a loud squeak. Okay, well his options are definitely running thin, but he has to get out of here, that’s for sure.
Steve turned his head to look at him, a small smirk playing on his face as he ducked his head down. “Yankees.”
Tony snorted and reached for a cracker that looked like it was topped with some sort of aromatic goat’s cheese, prosciutto, and something red – tomatoes, maybe? Or peppers, he really couldn’t tell.
“Well this is…quaint.” He murmured, struggling to find the least offensive way to describe Steve’s favorite diner as he fiddled with the tacky red and white checkered table cloth.
His grip is tight, Steve can feel a slight stinging in his scalp at the pressure, but Tony isn't pushing him away so he takes this as a go ahead to start sucking. That earns him a groan, and Tony spreads his legs apart and pushes his hips up into the warmth of Steve’s beckoning mouth. Clearly he has no objections.
Once Steve knew for sure that Tony was alive and breathing normally his concern quickly fades into outrage. “Are you nuts?” He hisses through gritted teeth. “You jumped out of a
Tony was down in the Bio-engineering lab with Bruce, exchanging genius ideas with the lovable doctor.
He should maybe be looking at the camera, but something about the other man draws him in like a moth to a flame.
But his dislike of the national hero wasn’t only due to their first head-butting on the Helicarrier when the Chitauri invaded.
Steve made a face, glancing over to one of the monitors that showed a very raunchy picture of him next to a line up of four others, his name taking up the #4 slot.
Now it was Steve’s turn to blink, because honestly Tony had rejected every other offer of comradery he’d ever made so he hadn’t expected this time to be different.
Bucky stopped him. “It's fine Stevie. I’m still getting used to it.” He smiles, reaching up to touch Steve's shoulder. “It's great, really. I feel… more like myself now. Thank you.”
Natasha and Clint were still out salvaging heaps of twisted metal and busted circuit boards, making sure that every last piece of possible catalytic robotics was safely delivered to the Damage Control Storage facility, because the last thing they needed was for some pedestrian to get their hands on this sort of destructive technology.
With a lot of effort Tony manages to tear himself away from Steve’s mouth, getting out of bed and walking over to his closet to pick out some clothes. His back is turned towards the bed, giving the blond an incredible view of his perfectly rounded and evenly tanned butt.
Hala tries to over power him, but Steve, the master tactician, knocks her legs out from under her, knocking her down and sending her weapon skittering across the square.
“Don’t feel like you have to rush out of here. I have an automated lock system, so you can leave at any time.” Tony says before he disappears into the bathroom for a second, but then pops his head back out and looks at him. “Oh, and before I forget. I know this probably isn’t the best morning after experience for you, but any chance I can get a rain check on that ass?”
The ceremony was short, symbolic, beautiful. Beside Tony stood Rhodey, beside Steve stood Pepper. When Steve finally looked over at the guests he saw Happy, Yinsen and even Nick Fury. Peggy Carter sat on the front row, a wheelchair by her side more for comfort than for necessity. There were over a hundred faces, all here in either obligation or pleasure just to see Steve finally marry the love of his life. It felt right, felt real.
Steve had fantasized about this moment for a long time, he’d thought about all the different ways Tony could react, how his eyes would look, how his mouth might curl. But much to his surprise and infinite pleasure, Tony’s eyes widened just a bit and his mouth formed the syllables of his name so softly that Steve almost missed it altogether.
He never thought his dick sucking skills would turn out to be one of his greatest work assets, but hey, use what you got to your advantage he supposed.
“You’re late.” Steve said, his tone dry but not offended, like he already knew Tony wouldn’t bother to show up on time.
The toddler waddled over to put the toy in the box and that’s when Steve noticed the strangely familiar outfit that the teddy was wearing.
“Uh, just reading emails.” He said quickly, shutting the laptop and set it aside as Bucky walks by him.
Aside from the jar of dick shaped lollipops that were on the front desk, it kind of looked like a fancy hotel.
“Ya, I don’t think that’s a possibility Cap.” Tony said, eyes darting frantically around the collapsing spacecraft for an escape plan.
Steve bristles at the insult and frowns, pulling his hand back. He hates bullies, and this indignant asshole was definitely giving off the ‘preys on the vulnerable’ kind of vibe.
Besides, he did have some things to pick up at the studio so if Tony’s not as into him as he thinks, he could always play the ‘just stopping by and thought I'd be nice' card.
The computer's video software popped open, briefly flashing the Stark Studios logo before the screen faded to black, revealing Steve standing in the middle of a large, empty room, arms drawn up over his head with thick leather straps keeping him tethered to the ceiling. The rope was just long enough for Steve to touch the ground, but he had to stay on the balls of his feet to keep from dangling, showing off the powerful mass of his muscles as he strained to keep his balance.
Steve rolls his eyes, picking at his food before taking another bite. It's honestly not that bad. Beats some of the stuff they used to have to eat back when they were living off of food stamps.
“Oh yeah, I’ve heard of you. You’re that new golden boy that Stark signed on.” He said, pointing at Steve. “Think you’ve broken records with how many fans you got in just a few months, now I know why.”
Steve moans heartily at the filthy words. The request makes his dick throb painfully, jutting out against the front of his jeans. He’s never been so turned on by someone barking orders at him, but fuck, just a few dirty promises and he’s already so hard that there’s barely any blood left in his brain.
“Because we’re a team, Tony.” The super soldier answered simply, breaking Tony from his train of thought. “I’m not asking that we become best friends over night, but we should at least stop hating each other. All of this pointless arguing really brings down the morale. I need teammates that I can trust, and who trust me in return.”
Tony's wearing an ear piece, so he can't hear the other side of the conversation, but whatever the other person says has Tony viciously rolling his eyes, turning his head to give Steve a look as if to say ‘can you believe the shit I have to deal with?
He slips back into the underwear he borrowed from Tony this morning, reaching down for his pants and shoves his leg in. He nibbles on his bottom lip. “So, what are you going to do about your movie if you can't get a replacement?” He asks.
Tony gave another shrug, favoring his drink over the complex dish of beets, carrots and some sort of fake, meaty substance.
There was still a teeny bit of bickering, which was inevitable with two strong personalities living under one roof, but it wasn’t nearly as catastrophic as their previous fights had been. Mostly it was just arguments over who got to choose the film for movie night, or Tony criticizing Steve’s inability to adapt to modern day tech.
Steve quirked his lips and countered with, “I met you for coffee, on my day off, just you and me. Is this a date?”
Steve chokes out a loud gasp, a violent shudder running down his spine. He’d never been into the whole ‘Daddy' kink, but something about the way Tony says it, voice rough and strained with flaming desire, is what tips him over the edge.
Tony exhaled loudly, breath coming out heavy through his nostrils. “I spent all this time building up this image of you. Resenting you, hating you…” He shook his head, looking down at his hands. “Turns out you’re just a nice guy. A controlling dick at times, but generally a nice guy.” He took another breath and exhaled. “I spent my whole life hating you because my dad was so disappointed that I wasn’t like you. I wanted to hate you, but then you showed up, acting like Mr. Perfect and actually somehow got me to like you, and I just…I wanted to keep hating you.”
“Do I look like I give a shit about morale, Stark? You pay me to direct, not to coddle your little gang of thespians.” Fury scoffed.
I know it's been a while but I'm not dead! The last few months have just been crazy busy. Between flooding, renting a new apartment, getting a new job and now having to plan a wedding surprisingly I didn't have much time to write but things have died down a little so I hope I can finish this fic soon.
Seeing his friends’ disgusted faces as they tried to wipe away the stinking sludge made him especially glad not to have participated in this particular fight.
At his command, his scale-mail popped open like a piñata, letting him suck in a breath of dusty air as rubble rolled off of the useless, dented, smoking Iron Man suit.
“Nice try Stark, but I don’t give up that easily.” He said, lifting himself off of the stone counter top. “You and I are going to learn to get along with one another. Even if it kills me.”
“Now if he puts the moves on me…well, that’s a whole other story.” He added with a smirk just to rile her up.
Steve glanced back to see Tony rounding the corner and marching towards them with Pepper tagging behind at a distance.
“There was this one girl. Back before the serum. I must have been in my early 20s.” He began, all shy and innocence.
“You said you need me, right? Well if you leave him alone I’ll come with you.” He continues, slowly inching his way between them. “Just let him live and I’ll go quietly.”
He hadn’t told Bucky about his new job. He’d always been overprotective, ever since they were kids, and he had a feeling if the other knew what he was doing to make cash he wouldn’t be too pleased.
“What the hell was that, Tony.” He hissed, fists clenched at his sides. “I gave you distinct orders, which you blatantly disregarded. Do you have any idea how much damage you caused?”
It was a low blow that stung at first, but honestly, turning into the Hulk put a great deal of strain on his body, so he wasn’t too bummed out about sitting this one out.
Even though they’d more or less made nice after defeating Loki and his weird army of alien-robot creatures, the two heroes were far from friends. Barely allies.
His inner tangent was interrupted when he felt a body stir beside him in the comfortable nest of blankets, followed by a throaty groan as arms snaked their way around his middle, tugging him closer to their source.
Tony’s the largest Porn Tycoon in New York, he imagines it wouldn’t be that hard for him to find someone to fill in. But then, again he’s not the CEO of a prestigious porn company, so what the hell would he know?
Steve startles slightly at the sudden gruff voice, whipping his head around to see a rugged looking man with dark hair and a heavy five O’clock shadow. That must be his co-star.
“Woah there Cap, easy. You don’t want to rip open your stitches.” A voice said, and Bruce hurried over to him, placing a hand on his shoulder to steady him.
Hala narrowed her ruthless, violet eyes at him. “I’ve disabled every last ounce of your inferior technology, Stark. Your suit won’t be coming to rescue you now. You are at my mercy, so I advise that you cooperate.”
He didn’t mind it, even if it made his job twice as hard by reminding the toddler every ten minutes ‘
Him and Obediah had a history, one that he was not too proud of. It wasn’t a secret that his dad made Stark a household name through weapons manufacturing and supplying the US military with some of the world's deadliest artillery. He later learned -- after being abducted and left to die in a shitty dark cave -- that SI hadn’t just been selling guns to their side. When he found out that Stane had been dealing under the table he shut down the whole operation and decided to ruin his father’s legacy by trading weapon contracts for cheesy porn scripts.
Steve looked like an entire truck-full of cement had been raised off of his shoulder. “I promise, I’lI make it up to you. I'll get him to apologize, and I’ll make sure he doesn’t just barge in here again.”
The Kree soldiers immediately turn their attention to the Hulk, seeming shaken initially by the enormous green beast, but ready to fight for their empress.
A thousand dollars was a big lump of money to someone who was struggling to make a dime. That alone would be enough to cover his half of the rent and probably next months too. Not to mention if that was just a signing bonus, who knows what kind of cash this gig offered. Maybe he could even afford one of those shiny, state of the art WakandaTech prosthetics for Bucky.
Steve smirked victoriously, arms uncrossing so that he could rest his hands on his hips in triumph. “Probably not, but it will get me off your back for a few more hours.”
Disregarding the risk of infecting his laptop with any number of malware and viruses, Steve clicked on the hyperlink, immediately affronted with a page full of thumbnails that had all sorts of images of salacious visuals in an attempt to get people to click on the videos. Like every porn site, a pop up window assaulted his screen in a matter of seconds, showing a video of a gorgeous redhead dressed (or not so dressed) in a scanty leather getup, her perky breasts hanging out of an intricate chest strap as she dragged her tongue seductively along the length of a leather crop with a caption that read ‘Sexy Russian Women'.
Steve was about to leave him be, knowing that Tony needed the rest, but his eyes caught a flash of skin as Tony’s t-shirt rode up, exposing a bit of his tanned stomach. The soldier’s gaze lingered on the patch of flesh for a bit longer than what was probably considered appropriate, but he managed to tear his eyes away.
“I was probably 18. Shocking, I know, but I wasn’t always this dashingly handsome.” Tony flaunted, which earned a dramatic eye roll from Steve.
“See? Look at that. Told you the kid had it in him.” Tony said rather smugly, patting the director on the shoulder.
“Yeah, but you’re hot now.” Tony interjected without any filter, as if that was supposed to make Steve feel better, which it sort of did coming from a man who’s dated just about every good looking guy and gal around.
that question.” He shot back, making no effort whatsoever to keep his own voice down. Bucky’s eyes quickly shifted from fiery anger to concern. ”Really Steve? Porn?”
It wasn’t unusual for the rest of the team not to see him around for days, even weeks at a time. Everyone close to him knew that he had a tendency to be act like mad scientist.
Hooking a finger around Steve’s belt, Tony gave a small tug to which the soldier immediately acquiesced, closing the distance between them by a few more inches.
That was just how Tony worked. Locked away in his laboratory, listening to hard rock and heavy metal -- basically any music that was loud and obnoxious, and just lost himself in his work.
! What they were doing right now was probably a huge HR nightmare. Besides, the man was a successful billionaire, as if he’d want to sleep with someone who literally got paid to fuck strangers.
Before Steve could get another word in, Tony had hung up on him, leaving him standing there dazed and confused, wondering why Tony needed him to go to the Burke Rehab center.
“Hey, hey! It's fine Darcy, I know him.” He told her. She gave him an incredulous expression and rolled her eyes.
Just when he started to think it couldn’t feel any better than this Tony wrapped his fingers around his dick, stroking him firmly while his tongue continued to flick and curl against his hole.
As corny as it sounded, Steve had really been looking forward to a lazy morning with Tony, having fun beneath the sheets and then maybe grabbing some coffee afterwards like…well, like a date. Now that he thinks about it, he suddenly realizes how ridiculous that idea sounds.
This wasn’t the first time he’s stood at the feet of a delusional, power crazed dictator who wanted to use his brain as a weapon. Even knowing how it turned out the last time, the answer was simple.
Steve saw the brief pout cross over his son's face, but he obeyed without throwing a tantrum, which Steve was infinitely grateful for because Peter was as stubborn as him and Tony combined when he wanted to be.
Steve gave a bashful smile. “The serum ah…helped. I’ve definitely got um…a lot more requests since then.” He said, that lovely flush creeping down his cheeks to spread across his throat. “But the war, being an Avenger….suppose I just haven’t found the time. Or the right partner.” He said, shrugging his shoulders.
All Steve could do was close his eyes and bare it, counting down the minutes until the Scene would end. Rumlow’s pace was brutal, and as the seconds ticked by Steve was starting to realize that breathing was starting to become an issue. His airway was too tight. He couldn’t get enough air in through his nose, and his lungs were starting to burn from the lack of oxygen.
Steve chases his mouth, kissing him a few more times before Tony painfully pulls away, leaving one last searing kiss on his lips.
“Good dogs beg for their masters.” Rumlow growled at him, forcefully feeding his cock into Steve’s mouth.
“Not entirely, but I do find it weird that you guys are so chummy now.” She pointed out, poking at her zucchini noodles. “Before you wouldn’t shut up about what a pompous asshole he was.”
“You know I wasn’t always Captain America.” He muttered snidely, clearly a bit embarrassed by Tony’s reaction to his lack of sexual prowess. “And ladies weren’t exactly lining up to ‘dance’ with a fella whose 100 lbs soaking wet and suffers from chronic asthma attacks, if you know what I mean.” He said, swiping the flask from Tony to take another drink, even if the only lasting effect of the rum an intense burning in his throat.
“So sensitive.” Tony cooed, and Steve could feel his lips quirking up into a smile against his skin.
Steve is completely naked aside from his socks. It’s a little bit humiliating considering Tony’s still wearing everything save for his suit jacket, but part of him kind of likes the power play of feeling so vulnerable. He might have said something, but then Tony’s mouth was on his chest, tongue traveling down the line between his pecks before detouring towards a nipple and suddenly all coherent thoughts were gone.
“Oh, for fuck sakes…” Tony hisses, twisting his body around to grab at his phone. Steve rolls off him, biting back his disappointment as Tony angrily jabs at the answer call icon.
Tony lifted himself up off the bed, his hand grasping the back of Steve’s neck to smash their mouths together, launching a fierce attack of teeth and tongue that Steve readily accepted. He pulled back with a sucking kiss, moving both hands to cradle the sides of Steve’s neck, tugging at the bottom of his kiss bruised lip with the pad of his thumb.
Swallowing thickly, Steve begins by running his hand down his chest, mindful to keep his face towards the camera. His nipples get hard when his fingers drag over them – he wasn’t kidding when he said he was sensitive, so he teases one of the nubs
Before Bucky could get another word out Steve burst in, holding his hand defensively between his friend and the front desk.
The doors opened on their own, announcing his presence. The office was huge with floor to ceiling windows that only made the space look even bigger. The furniture was minimal and modern, only making the space feel more expensive. There was a glass top desk in the center of the room and a man sitting behind it, scribbling what looked like product designs on the mess of papers strewn atop the desk in front of him.
Tony shot the ex-con a murderous glare before glancing over to see Steve by the kitchen sink, wearing neon pink rubber gloves and scrubbing grease out of a frying pan while the rest of the team sat around the table eating breakfast. He still didn’t quite understand why Steve opted to do the dishes when they had a perfectly functional dishwasher.
Steve chokes, voice sounding pained as blood seeps through his fingers where he's putting pressure on the wound.
Steve hesitated, biting his lower lip as he mulled it over, the promise of cash was a tantalizing wager in exchange for his dignity.
If you asked Howard Stark what his greatest accomplishment was it wouldn’t be his multi-billion dollar company, or his incredible technological advances and it sure as hell wouldn’t be his overwhelmingly disappointing son.
(Please forgive any spelling or grammar errors. I proof read the whole fic but I was eager to post it so I might have missed a few)
“Well, good to know you weren’t just going to leave me hanging. Guess I’m not that much of a pain in the ass.” The billionaire huffed.
The man was arrogant – he threw a right hook to the side of the bag, insubordinate– another punch to the center of the swaying sack, selfish, an uppercut this time --
“New job, huh?” Bucky said, brow wrinkled. He sat up, setting the half-empty bowl of junk food aside to focus on Steve. “What exactly is this new job if yours anyway, how can we afford all this?” His eyes narrowed on Steve. “You didn’t join the mob, did ya? Or are you selling drugs on the side?”
Peggy just pursed her lips together and shook her head. “It’s fine, Steve. He was older than I am now. We can’t all live forever.”
Too lazy to grab the lube in his drawer, and honestly a little nervous the camera might get a flash of his face if he moved too much, Steve sucked two fingers into his mouth instead, licking between them. Spit wasn’t the most efficient lubricant, but the added imagery of him sucking his fingers might act as a little incentive to get a few more donations out of his viewers. He’d never really been good at the whole sultry thing, but apparently he was doing a good enough job, earning him a few more bucks from the act.
Rumlow sneered at him, taking his silence as compliance. He reached behind Steve to unclip his harness from the suspension. The young blond could barely get his footing before the other man grabbed his hair and roughly pushed him down on his knees.
Steve nodded, glancing up to the third-floor window. The lights were off, but there was bright, blue flashing light seeping out of the tiny window. No doubt Bucky had fallen asleep in front of the TV again. His hand was poised on the handle, gripping it but making no effort to push the door open. The evening had been nice. Really nice. He didn’t really want it to end just yet.
Steve knew it was ridiculous, if he really did end up signing on there would be a whole room of people watching him jerk off and fuck strangers, this was just the tutorial level.
The diner was just some hole in the wall nestled between a corner store and a coin wash. Not exactly the nicest establishment, but the food was good, the atmosphere was quiet, and the owners were nice so Steve usually came here when he found some time to himself.
Steve wrinkled his nose. “No juicy details please, I don’t think my innocent ears can handle the vulgarities.” He said half serious, which earned another laugh from the brunet. “You don’t have to recount all of them, I’ll settle for just one.”
The next morning when Steve came down from his bedroom, Tony was no longer passed out on the couch. Steve figured that the self-neglecting brunet had probably retreated to either his bedroom or back to his workshop to finish upgrading his armor.
Steve threw another robot over his shoulder into the ground as it made a grab for him, smashing its torso in with his foot, and then reached his hand out to catch the red white and blue disc flying towards him. Natasha and Clint zoomed over him on their Hoverbike, and Steve shot them a two fingered salute before jumping into the real action.
Tony ignored that jab and just smiled. Their breakup had really taken its toll on him, and while he was mostly over the heartbreak of having the best and probably only woman he’d ever loved walk out on him, it was nice to see her again.
Tony gave a surprised smile, like Steve’s gratitude for some cake and a bit of champagne was completely unwarranted. “Its nothing, really. You worked hard, you deserve a little compensation.”
As anticipated it wasn’t a gun that Stane had tucked away, but instead it was a manilla envelope. Tony eyed the folder, confused for a second and then scoffed.
Bruce was sitting down, hunched over on the couch, noise canceling headphones strapped to his head as he wound down with classical music. His usual post-hulking out ritual.
That being said, the tension between the two alpha dogs was still far from being water under the bridge. They still got under each other’s skin more often than not, but at least they could co-exist in the same building without breaking into a fight.
Muttering something, Tony pulled his car keys from his pockets and handed them to Steve, using the car to steady himself as he shuffled towards the other side.
“Yeah but, did you want to? Be romantic with her, I mean.” Tony made sure to phrase his words carefully so as not to embarrass the poor soldier.
Their outing was going great, Tony was actually having a lot of fun, but the whole time Tony’s thoughts couldn’t help but drift back to what Pepper had said to him earlier at lunch, about him wanting Steve for more than just amicable companionship.
“So you’re a model now?” Bucky said, letting that sink in for a moment with a bob of his head before going back to lounging on the sofa. “Guess that’s not too surprising. Always knew that pretty face of yours would make us some money some day.” He teased.
Steve hesitated for a moment, biting his bottom lip. “Actually, I was going to ask if you wanted to have lunch with me today.”
Steve swallowed his tongue and quelled his own rising temper. “No, I’m not going yell at you. Your actions yesterday were reckless and impulsive, but your plan did work.” He said, surprising himself with how gentle his words came out. Judging by Tony’s expression, the other was just as shocked.
“Come on. You know I can handle it” He purrs, moving to straddle Tony’s lap, the office chair creaking under their combined weight.
After the debriefing, the super soldier made his way down to the gym, taking his frustrations out on the rough textiles of the Kevlar punching bag. His anger was so built up that he’d already torn the seams of the sturdy leather with his punches, spilling a steady stream of sand on the floor. He was punching with such ferocity, that his knuckles were red and bloody beneath the gauze.
“So much for your elaborate bonding attempt.” Tony muttered, folding his hands over his lap as he swiveled on the bar stool, back facing the counter. “Maybe Doom crashing our lunch date was a sign that you and I were not meant to be.” He added in mock exacerbation, shoulders deflating dramatically as he gave Steve a jesting pout.
“I'll leave you to it then.” He says, slipping into his shirt and quickly does up the buttons, making a mental note to sew back the ones that Tony popped off.
Steve let out a small groan, arching his chest into Tony’s touch. For such a sensitive part of his body they often went neglected so even the light brush of Tony’s thumb swiping over them sent electric pleasure straight to his dick.
Tony shot a look at his hat and raised an eyebrow. “You do know that the Dodgers play for Los Angeles now, right? Not Brooklyn.”
Sorry for the delay! My life's been pretty hectic lately so it's been hard to try to find the time to right. Originally I was going to make the chapter longer, but I decided this was probably a good spot to post it because the rating is going to change for the next chapter and I understand that not everyone is into the M or E rated fics so you have been warned! Also we're almost at the end of the fic, so hurray! Just one or two more chapters left. I think this will be the first ever time I've actually finished a work that wasn't a one-shot so any comments and feedback would be greatly appreciated! <3
Steve studies him from his side of the bed, propped up on his elbow and feeling a bit awkward after witnessing the losing battle of that argument.
“It is a nice spot.” Tony agreed and walked over to hop onto the hood of his car, sprawling out along the elongated front of his cherry red Corvette.
“As delightful as coffee sounds, you’re very warm and I’m strictly opposed to letting you get out of this bed.” Tony mutters, trailing his lips from the base of Steve’s neck down to his shoulder blade as his hands move over Steve’s chest down to his abdomen.
If Tony didn’t know any better he could have sworn that Steve was just waiting for him to make a move. And who knows, maybe he was. Tony was never known for being too shy to cease the moment, but this was
She quickly flipped through the papers before clipping them to her clipboard. “Perfect. If you'll follow me I'll show you around the studio and then I'll take you to Mr. Stark's office for the taped interview.”
Steve hovered around for a few moments longer, arms crossed over his chest, not making any comment as the brunet struggled to get the floppy squares of beef ravioli to stay on his spoon long enough to make it to his mouth.
He was being ridiculous. If he had any sense of self preservation then he should just turn off his phone and focus on something else, maybe go swim a couple laps in the pool to take his mind off things.
Tony’s entire body tensed up on instinct, fingers twitching, ready to hit the emergency button he’d installed in just about every reachable corner of the studio. He didn’t honestly think that Obediah was stupid enough to bring a gun to his office and take his company from him by force, but PTSD was an unpredictable son of a bitch.
Steve forces Tony to take a break from working. Tony decides to let go of the past and get a fresh start.
He wasn’t a finance major by any means – he could barely fill out his own taxes – so when Stark Studios offered him 12% of the profit made from his videos as well as a 7% cut of whatever merchandise they sold with his name or face on it he had no idea what those no numbers meant.
“Its my new job, I get a lot of bonuses.” He said between bites of tuna mayo, knowing Bucky wouldn’t buy it.
Well, for the most part he was just acting as a human satellite for the Bruce to bounce his thoughts off of, while occasionally imputing his own little bits and pieces.
The young girl wished them a good day before returning to her post and Steve tried not to notice how her tiny skirt just barely covered her behind.
As he was flipping through some contracts regarding their new sex toy line, Tony’s attention pulled from the work as the email notification chimed.
He reaches out to touch one of the whips, grazing his fingers along the long strands of thick, black leather.
Tony spent the next couple of days hiding away in his workshop, working on improvements for his newest armor. Considering what happened to the last one, he needed some serious upgrades.
Aware of the camera pointed at him, Steve knows he has to play things up a bit more. He supposes this is where his limited experience as a Camboy comes in handy. He spreads his legs apart wider, planting his feet on the ground, exposing himself completely.
The sight of Steve licking his own cum was the last thing he could handle as Tony found himself coming just a few seconds later, the fingers on his other hand digging into the meat of his thigh as he bit his bottom lip to keep quiet.
“I see you’re just finishing up, how was the shoot?” She asked, eyes very briefly jumping up and down to take in his physique, making him fight the urge to blush.
He could feel a warm touch on his shoulder, and when he glanced up he was looking into Tony’s concerned, chocolate eyes. For a brief moment he thought that maybe he had suffocated and this was heaven, but then his senses all came flooding back at once. He sucked in a final, long breath, nodding his head.
Just a few short moments later, he heard the whoosh of his glass doors opening and saw a very strong faced Steve Rogers walk into his laboratory, clad in a pair of low hanging sweats and a damp t-shirt.
Tony thought as he stared at the closed door, his legs heavy as lead as his body refused to budge from that spot.
While Tony’s engrossed in his phone call Steve lowers himself down in front of Tony's chair, sliding his palms from the brunet's knees and up thighs. That gets his attention, but he still doesn't say a word to Steve, just shooting him a curious glance. There's some chatter on the other end of the phone line and suddenly Tony snaps up straight.
“Oh yeah?” A perfectly executed innocent smile tugged at the corner of his lips as he slapped the two halves of his sandwich together. “Well I am his favorite tenant. Maybe he’s giving me a break after I helped him put up all those shelves.”
God, he was being pathetic. Why would Tony care about some half-assed nudey pic? Tony could see every inch of his body in glorious HD whenever he wanted. Or rather, if he wanted to at all. He was halfway across the globe, probably sitting in some fancy business office surrounded by beautiful people and drinking expensive sake. Like he would care about some dumb picture.
“Look, I know Rumlow’s not an easy guy to work with, but we've got a deadline here. Can’t you convince the kid to sign back on?”
The blond takes a sip and forces a straight face as the alcohol burns his throat. He's never been one to drink, but the warmth that spreads through him as the booze sinks in does help ease his nerves.
She was probably the sole reason his company hadn’t gone belly up while he’d been off gallivanting with strippers, gambling, and drinking himself into a coma.
Tony scoffed, leaning back further in his chair, balancing the flimsy seat on its two back legs for a moment before dropping forward. “I don’t know if you noticed Cap, but you and I aren’t exactly friends.”
Time was crunching down on them with moving day just a couple days away. Tony had wanted to hire a crew to handle everything, but Steve had insisted they pack up their personal things themselves.
“You’re really not making this easy.” Tony sighs, eyes still fixed on the patch of light, dirty blond hair peaking out from the top of Steve’s boxers.
Maybe it was the fact that he was feeling slightly inebriated from the whispering vapors of the rum, but his gaze couldn’t help but drift to the soldier’s backside as he watched Steve’s climb into the driver’s seat.
“I’ll give you a few days to think over what’s more important to you; you’re company or your precious fuck boy.” He laughed.
I am absolutely terrible at writing dramatic and interesting fight scenes, so be warned. I am not that great with elaborate dialogue.
Steve swallowed hard, swiping his thumb over the head of his cock and pressing against the sensitive glands until the tiny pearl of clear fluid spilled over his fingers, dribbling down his shaft and over his knuckles.
They made it to the Stadium with a few minutes to spare before the game started, shimmying their way into their seats. Steve was a bit surprised that Tony didn’t have his own specially reserved viewing box, considering how the man tended to flaunt his money, but he sort of liked how they were sitting among the regular folk, nestled comfortably in some prime but standard middle row seats. It reminded him of when he used to go to games with Bucky.
They stay like that for a solid few minutes, breathing heavily as they both come down from their orgasms. Tony’s the first to move, lifting himself up off of Steve with a grunt and flops back in his office chair, boneless and panting.
Tony didn’t like art, or rather he didn’t really have an interest for it, but something about touring the exhibits with Steve made it an enjoyable experience. Like how Steve went on about how he'd actually met Picasso on one of his USO tours in France and that the man had actually offered to paint him.
Tony, completely aware of Steve’s eyes glued to his backside and absolutely unashamed of it, saunters towards the adjacent bathroom. He pauses in the doorway, turning to look back at the gorgeous blond hunk sprawled out on his bed. The look on his face is like a kid on Christmas day who just go the best toy in the world only to have it taken away from him.
Steve reached out and pulled the billionaire into a loose hug, one arm locking around Tony’s shoulder as he moved his other to gently touch Tony’s lower back. “Thank you.” He whispered against his hair, the words tight and laced with an undealt with pain, but sincere.
Steve shifted in his seat, fingers tightening around his shaft as he slowly slid his palm up the length. He shuddered at the drag of friction, gasping at the tingles of pleasure.
That caught him a bit off guard. He expected Tony would be too busy when he got back, or that he might want to unwind and relax after his business trip. Then again, he probably wanted just wanted to fuck.
The blond might not know Tony well, but if he didn’t have the urge to do something reckless than at least he wasn’t a complete bore. Tony seemed to notice the look on Steve’s face and shot him a warning glance.
He glances over to the display wall, admiring the art pieces. Their tasteful and look like they cost a fortune. Steve doesn’t peg Tony as an art guy, so he figures he must have hired some interior decorator. Steve likes more traditional styles of art himself, but the sharp lines and bright pops of colour on a monochromatic background are nice to look at. He’s distracted by the art, so absorbed in It that he doesn’t even hear the click of shoes behind him.
After cleaning off and actually managing to get his clothes on Steve was ready to take on the day. He’d had time for coffee and an early lunch with Natasha before it was time for him to head off to his shoot, which he wasn’t really looking forward to. At this point, he’d mostly gotten over being camera shy, but dealing with Rumlow after their last encounter had left a deep pit in his stomach.
The woman approached Steve slowly, leather whip in hand as she looked him over, much like a spider would observe its prey before striking.
He was pondering the idea when he heard the sound of a notification, one message lighting up his inbox. It wasn’t unusual for him to get a DM from time to time. Mostly they were from other users asking to meet up in person or tell him how attractive he was, and of course there was the occasional hate mail from time to time. He should honestly just ignore and delete all messages, but Steve had been raised to always give people the benefit of the doubt so he read it none the less. That, and the gnawing curiosity of what people had to say about him.
Steve grins widely in victory before leaning in to kiss him. Tony returns to kiss briefly before pulling away with a heavy sigh.
He didn't doubt that there was probably some sort of compromising evidence about him inside of that envelope. He’d been a victim of the tabloids since he was a kid and had been in more scandals through his teenage years than most celebrities had been in their entire lives. If Stane was trying to strong arm him into handing over the rights to his dad’s old patents then he was going to have to try harder than a few incriminating photos.
are?” She choked on her water, dabbing at her mouth with a napkin, somehow without smudging her lipstick. “You hate art.”
One of the attendants walked by to pour some fresh lube on the machine's dildo, making sure it was good and slick, and with a quick warning they were filming again.
Peter had a lot of toys, something that was sort of inevitable with a wealthy billionaire father and half a dozen aunts and uncles who wanted to spoil the only baby on the team (Nat was surprisingly bad for that), but he’s pretty sure he would remember if someone gave him a Captain America bear.
Taking advantage of her trap, the Kree general gets up, pulling her weapon out of Steve and kicks him to the ground. Just as she's about to finish him off Tony speaks up.
Tony didn’t really think much of his newfound respect and devotion to their leader, but the others were clearly picking up on just how friendly the two were becoming.
“Oh shut up, that was one time.” Bucky huffs, throwing himself onto the couch, half landing on Steve. The blond laughs and shoves his roommate off before scooting over to give him some space on the tattered loveseat.
Steve falters, hands clutching the base of his sweater as he tries to work up the nerve to take it off.
He can hear Tony’s breath stutter, his perfect, suave composure broken for just an instant but Steve takes it as a victory.
Tony continued watching the screen with fervor, eyes following the diamond tipped edge of the leather whip as it trailed up the length of Steve’s creamy inner thighs, moving its way up and caressing every dip and curve of rock hard abdomen. Tony focused on the muscles jumping under the touch of cool leather, completely captivated by the Adonis-like figure.
Sam gave him a quick thumbs up before he headed off to the showers, wondering what this oh so important conversation Tony needed to have with him was all about.
“Go back to school, get a degree. Or, I don’t know, work on that art stuff you always talked about.” He said, his tone softer this time. “You should get as far away from this industry while you still can.”
The group came to the mutual consensus of going out for Thai food, but just as Tony stepped out to join them Steve interrupted.  “We’ll catch up with you, I’d like to have a word with Tony. In private.”
Steve’s lips twitch into a smile, chest still heaving from the second earth shattering orgasm Tony has given him. “Guess I’ll take that as a compliment.” He says, sitting up and sliding off the desk to grab his clothes. He can feel Tony’s come trickling down the backs of his thighs and wonders if he can make it to the showers before there’s too much of a mess.
Tony had sent him a reply, accompanied by a photo of his own; sitting in front of the Tokyo skyline, coloured orbs of light distant and fuzzy in the background, his dress shirt half unbuttoned with a lascivious smirk playing on his lips.
The man had been his dear friend in the war, and Steve could not forget that, but he didn’t doubt that Howard had been a terrible father.
Steve, maybe a little obscene, leans back against the countertops, fully aware of the way his abs ripple as he stretches. “I know.”
Steve’s mouth was as hot and eager as it had been the first time, maybe even more determined now that doubt no longer clouded his mind. One hand firmly gripped the back of his neck, as if Steve had the asinine thought that he might try to squirm away from the soldier’s hold.
“The conqueror of giant lizard people lives!” Came a snort of laughter that belongs to agent Barton, who was sitting at the edge of the barstool, shoveling cereal into his mouth. “And here we thought you were going to stay in your hole and sulk all day.”
“You will not stand in my way.” She hisses,  launching herself at Steve with a battle cry, slicing at him with the spear.
“Well then, maybe if I’m lucky some of Steve’s good habits might rub off on you.” Pepper teased, giving him a sliding glance, but decided not to push Tony’s buttons too much.
Tony followed Steve up the stairs, his feet dragging with every step. Being away from his work made him realize he painfully exhausted he was, and considering his last pot of coffee had run dry a few hours ago, he was basically just running on fumes.
He imagined he should feel dirty, ashamed, or more scandalized by the fact that he’d just had sex with his
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but maybe you need to take a break? Reenergize those neurons before you short circuit them.” Tony hopped out of his seat and grabbed his jacket.
“Fuck, you’re gorgeous.” Tony groaned, trailing his hand over the perfectly etched marble of Steve’s abs.
Tony glanced down towards his feet and crossed his arms. “It’s…complicated. Sometimes she forgets, but sometimes she’ll remember. It’s like you said, she just…resets.”
“What, for real? I know Captain America’s supposed to be all wholesome and virtuous, but you have to have gotten some tail.”
Peggy looked at him, her smile wide and glowing as if she were reuniting with a long lost lover. “And I thought I’d never see you. I heard stories of the soldier who was found in the ice, but I thought my granddaughter was just being imaginative.” She laughed, a sniffle in her voice as a few tears rolled over her cheeks. “Oh, Steve. It’s so wonderful to see you again. You look exactly like you did 75 years ago.” She reached out and cupped his face, and Steve leaned into her touch. “I wish I could say the same for myself.”
Pepper eyed Tony curiously, dark charcoal lined eyes narrowing on him, making him feel like he was under some sort of interrogatory spotlight.
A low whine was punched put of him as the man inside his ass started fucking him raw, fingers digging into his hips as he pummeled him.
Steve let out a throaty chuckle in response, wiping some excess batter onto the front of his apron. “You know, you should come with me. The folks at the church are really nice, and it might do you some good to spend time with us elderly.”
“No, no. I'm fine, just ah, spilled coffee on my lap.” He says quickly, fingers tightly grasping at Steve’s hair.
Tony wrinkled his nose in disgust as the slime covered armor peeled off of him. “Jarvis, send my armor to the workshop for a full decontamination.”
“Kitchen's all done but we might need to get some new dishes – by the way, remind me never to make Dum-E or U help with packing ever again.” Tony walked in rambling, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
Steve barely catches the director saying something and feels the man behind him stop his brutal thrusting to pull out. He almost whines at the loss but feels a tap on his ankle and gets the hint.
Next chapter is out so enjoy! And I just want to say that I have no idea how the porn industry works, this is just how I imagine it.
“You were a most excellent participant my brother! I look forward to experiencing pleasure alongside you on our next venture.” He says proudly, grabbing Steve by the shoulder to pull him into a rough hug.
Steve sets his own coffee down and walks around the desk until he's right beside the other man. Tony, confused, raises an eyebrow at him but doesn't ask and instead continues arguing over the phone.
“Mm, you’re a saint.” He practically moans, gratefully taking the coffee and rewards Steve with a peck on the cheek.
Steve fought the blush that threatened to spread across his face at that last comment. “Even if she was interested, I’m not really looking for a date right now.” Steve muttered, glancing down at a small, white cat with yellow eyes that jumped up next to him, rubbing its face against the back of his hand. He gave the cat a gentle pat.
Tony smiled faintly at the teddy bear, reaching a hand up and gently placed it on the toddler’s back. “You know, I almost threw this thing in the trash when I grew up.” He said, nodding down at the teddy. “I wasn’t the nostalgic type, and I figured I’d never have a kid to hand it down to anyway.”
Tony reached into the inner pocket of his jacket, pulling out a small metal container. He unscrewed the cap and brought the canister to his lips, taking a long swig before extending it towards the blond. “Want some?”
This time instead of a text notification, his ringtone started going off, the electronic jingle echoing through the locker room. Tony was calling.
“Um, no, I think you covered all of it.” He laughed, and the nervous tension must be radiating off of him because Pepper gave him a reassuring look.
Pepper watched with exasperation as the infantile robotics engineer left the terrace. She supposed it was the best response she was going to get. Asking Tony not to sleep with someone was like asking a fish not to swim. She couldn’t expect the impossible.
Of course, going from struggling to pay rent to practically throwing money away drew some suspicion from his best friend and roommate.
Tony huffs, smiling over the rim of his paper cup. “Still, seems like an awful long way to go to blow a guy. I’m thinking maybe I should sweeten the deal, don’t you think? You know, considering you’re already here and all.”
They weren’t exactly announcing their newfound comradery to the world, but they weren’t keeping it a secret either.
Peggy remained silent as if she hadn’t heard him, a vacant expression in her pale, blue eyes. As a few moments ticked by without an answer, Steve shifted uneasily in his seat. More silence passed, and he reached out to gently touch her wrist.
“But wait, before you go.” Tony spoke suddenly, making Steve snap his head up. “I don’t want to scare you away, but this industry eats up hot, young people like you. I hope you know what you’re doing.” He says with what almost sounds like understanding.
Brown and blue eyes snapped towards him, Steve looking guilty and Tony feeling both betrayed and suspicious by the sudden bail.
He saw the brunet waiting by the front desk. Tony turned when he heard the automatic doors and the look of elation on his face just made Steve even more confused. People weren’t usually so happy to be in a hospital.
Steve exhaled, wiping some of the sweat from his brow. “I take it you haven’t come here to defend Tony’s reckless actions?”
He pokes at the meal suspiciously, tasting a bit of it. It has the consistency of canned dog food and tastes overwhelmingly like hot sauce. All in all, not the worst thing he's ever put in his mouth.
Part of him is relieved Tony doesn’t want to kick him out of his bed, and the other part is screaming at him that this probably isn’t a good idea.
“Fuck, no wonder you're in such high demand, that ass should be illegal.” He sighs, reaching for a tissue to clean off before tucking himself back in his trousers.
“Right, Steve! Hot, blond sex god with the gorgeous pecs – well actually, we already have a guy here who calls himself a sex god, his name's Thor, but you're like, the classic boy next door type. Anyway, don’t listen to me, I'm rambling. Have a seat. Can I get you anything? Coffee, water, whiskey on the rocks?”
Steve had never been one for casual relationships in the past. There were a few hook ups here and there, sure, but typically if he liked someone enough to sleep with them he expected more from the relationship. Then again, that was before he'd signed on to be a porn star.
Steve crouches on the back of the hover bike, bracing himself, eyes locked on Tony as he continues to cut through the air. Natasha weaves through a few buildings until Steve can get a clear shot. When they’re close enough, he jumps, propelling himself forward, arms tightly folded against his side’s for maximum momentum. Steve reaches an arm out and catches Tony`s bicep and yanks, pulling the brunet tight to his chest with one arm locked around his waist, his body curling around him protective, the other holding up his shield to protect their faces.
All it took was parting with a vintage Harley that the billionaire never used anyway, because duh he was a billionaire and he could just buy another. That, and he never really had a thing for motorcycles anyway. Cars were much flashier, and Tony Stark loved to overcompensate.
“Oh Tony” He whispered. Tony was curious, of course he was but the last thing Steve wanted was Steve Rogers anywhere near his husband. “I really would rather we didn’t… he’s not me Tony. We’re not the same at all and I know you feel an obligation towards him but trust me when I say you shouldn’t. SHIELD has him set up in an apartment in Brooklyn and soon I’ll get Barnes out of storage for him. They’ll keep each other company.”
He makes her sit down and have some dinner despite her protests, and when the kids join them at the table Siggy and Harley retell the story of the broken beaker and their easy friendship. Two hours later and much past everyone’s bedtimes, the tired family of three finally drives home for the night.
Immediately her eyes widened, recognition setting it so quickly that he could have been family even if they’d never met.
After a few minutes of easy chatter and more pictures of Alaska’s new baby daughter, Steve spotted Eliza chatting with a few of the younger recruits. She looked beautiful in her long elegant gown, her hair up in a high bun. Eliza was aging as gracefully as the finest post-utero enhancement geno-therapy could allow (a standard for all Regime military).  Holding on to her arm, stood Rogers looking the very picture of a devoted partner.
It didn’t bother Steve. He tried to answer as truthfully as possible because the questions about Tony were always the easiest to answer. He didn’t mind telling Tony it hadn’t hit him until many years after losing him, didn’t mind talking about how reluctant he’d been to believe it could have been love.
Steve didn’t lie. He told him about the mirror dimensions, explained how he’d come here from his own volition to try to make a difference. He left out more than he mentioned, didn’t care to include how this dimension was in fact, his tireless creation. Howard for his part hung onto every word, couldn’t tear his eyes away from his old friend.
A month ago, just a month ago Tony had laid down on this exact same couch and violently sobbed onto the shoulder of his best friend Jane. The same best friend whose corpse the police had just dropped off to be cremated not three hours ago… the mother of this perfect newborn in his clumsy arms. In just five weeks he had both lost his best friend AND the love of his life. And now? What now?
“Looks to me like he understands responsibility perfectly well. Maybe he just needs a little more trust and support to prove it.”
“But Grant, ya can’t leave! Ya’re one of my best janitors, no one else can handle the Robotics floor! Those fuckers are crazy.”
And finally, after eleven years there’s the truth. He’s always suspected that something along those lines had occurred, but he never actually thought that all the unanswered emails and messages and calls had been directly caused by Steve. Hurt bubbles up in his throat, that old feeling of being wronged coming back to the surface.
He didn’t know much about Steve’s dimension. What little he knew came from Steve’s nightmares and bits of information he’d pried off Eliza.
Being the brilliant tactician Steve Rogers still prided himself in being, he got to work right away. At first Tony’s response had been hesitant, but with endurance Steve eventually got Tony to talk about his days in boarding school, about his relationship with Howard and Maria, about why Rhodey was his best friend and finally, why he didn’t want to be involved in Stark Industries.
Tony begrudgingly agreed, but only after Steve reassured him that he wasn’t going anywhere. He would still go to board meetings and factory visits and creative meetings. He would still help with some of the paperwork and push food into Tony by any means necessary. So the hunt began.
He can figure it out when he actually has to, but for the most part it’s just one other thing he never thinks about. It occurs to him one day, while making Arlen a sandwich that he’s actually still in his mid-thirties despite the fact that he could have sworn he was hitting forty. He’s simply led a very busy life, from skipping ahead grades, starting College early and being in a committed relationship for so long to even becoming a father, he’s simply been really, really busy.
“What he wants, I never would’ve been able to give him Bruce. I’m not a woman, and Siggy isn’t his.”
It wasn’t until he was back at the tower that a thought crept up the back of his neck, something that could only come from twenty-nine years of knowing Steve.
Stark Solutions both owned the patent and controlled the metals used to make the armours, no one else could source them not to mention knew how they worked. This, plus the promise to ‘donate’ an armour piloted by James Rhodes to the US Military, finally kept the sharks at bay.
Daybreak found Tony sitting on the floor of his bedroom, in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows, staring out at the horizon. The light eventually awakened Steve and Tony heard as Steve’s thick arm reached to touch the left side of their bed, heard rustling as he sat up to investigate where Tony might have gone. He heard Steve exhale as he most surely spotted him sitting on the floor in front of the bed. He felt the vibration of Steve’s steps on the hardwood, felt him stop just shy of a step.
Hours later, as they lay in bed together watching the day’s sun set, Steve ran careful hands over Tony’s skin. His eyes catalogued every line, every spot, every vein. Years back such close scrutiny would have made Tony feel self-conscious, these days however he understood it as a sort of foreplay. Regardless of how Tony chose to view it, the Commander’s satisfaction at watching Tony’s body change before his eyes, under his touch, was too great to describe.
For who else in the world would look so utterly fulfilled rubbing lotion over Tony’s sagging skin? Who else would take such pleasure in helping pick out Tony’s outfit for the day and then help him dress? Who else could look so utterly enchanted while gently scraping stubble off aged cheeks with a razor every morning?
They shake on it. Old-style. Deep inside Steve has always liked Johann, liked his no bullshit approach to the business and liked that he keeps his ass out of trouble.
There was such love and adoration in those brown eyes, such utter trust. Steve stared in awe at all that was reflected and more. Unable to resist, he got on his knees, both hands holding the desk chair’s arms to effectively trap Tony in place.
Large, warm palms wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, his clothed chest pressed against Tony’s naked back.
But just like a state affair, Steve knew he now had to focus on maintaining control. Give a government too much control and they might rebel, give it too little and they would most certainly rebel. It was a balance, a balance of managing Tony’s highs and lows, a balance of letting the genius do what he needed to do and reigning him in when he was about to overexert himself. Steve found the challenge easy, enjoyable, fun even. He liked setting clear boundaries for Tony and enjoyed the power that came from it, he even liked the fact that he could make Tony feel terrible with just one word.
The three terrors are quick to obey and they walk back to the living room with a look of accomplished mischief in their little faces. Tony can already hear them telling the others all about it. Finally, after more time than is customary, Tony opens the door. The sight that greets him is a shocking one that much is true. The faces before him are surprising, yet at the same time, the first thing that hits him is disgust at the wall of pure scorching heat right outside his door.
Steve nods, his focus solely on the beer in front of him. He looks like he wants to say more but is holding back. Tony hopes it stays that way, there’s nothing that Steve Rogers can tell him at this moment that would make anything better.
Tony would never have thought that it was possible to sneak so much boasting in a single sentence before this very moment.
No. He did not wish that on anyone, least of all his love. The Commander knew that he no longer had a soul. He’d lost it in a battlefield, somewhere between bashing in someone’s skull and starving entire cities. Steve’s soul was now Tony’s soul and although the old Commander could not die from old age, he wanted his soul to have that last rest which had been denied to it for so long. When Tony died, he would carry them both with him and Steve would ensure his own body, his murdering, scarred body was disposed of.
It took him a second but eventually Tony turned his head to look at Steve, a puzzled look on his face.
“Ha, ha… I’m thinking a Balbo, maybe start with an Anchor, y’know, like the one we saw in that magazine when we met with Dr. Pym last week?”
It’s such a Tony thing to say that Steve can’t help the watery chuckle that leaves his lips. This is how they were, how they’d always been. Steve could get so caught up in something, in an art piece, in a project, on a technicality, that he’d lose sight of everything around him. It was Tony who’d always brought the world back into perspective. Tony who always challenged him to see the whole picture and gave him new inspiration.
Even Pepper and Rhodey had issues from time to time, especially with Rhodey’s health deteriorating so rapidly. Everyone had issues, fights, problems, everyone except him and Tony. They were the perfect couple, the exemplary couple. Him and Tony had been born to be together and Steve had done everything in his power to make sure that they were.
Steve did wait, two long weeks to be exact. Howard eventually brought in Peggy Carter and her tears upon seeing him were real. For his part, Steve truly was pleased to see her like this- healthy, vibrant, strong. She asked him a hundred questions all of which he answered as truthfully as he dared. He told them both that there was still a Steve Rogers buried in the ice somewhere but that he was not meant to awaken for another thirty years.
Steve didn’t bother refuting that claim. Tony for his part treated Pepper with both the weariness reserved for wild animals and the familiarity of a direct family member. By the second week he was both terrified of her “She poked me with a letter opener Steve, a letter opener!” and highly impressed with her “Did you see their faces? She caught error after error in those finances Steve, we have to launch a full internal investigation!”
‘I wonder what you would have thought of all this Tony. Surely you would’ve seen the progress in it.’ He often thought.
“You have an amazing son Howard and he will grow up to do amazing things, but right now I know he needs more support than you can give him.”
She was exquisite. Steve lost himself looking at the woman who had stayed loyal to him to the very end. She’d fought battles with him, fought wars for him, broken him out of jails and medical centres. Natasha’s loyalty had never wavered and thanks to her he’d been able to rebuild a nation.
He’d told Tony about his past, told him everything and yet Tony’s untainted image of Steve is unshakable.
“If I could do it all over again, I would stay with you. You don’t know how many times I’ve wished that I just would’ve stayed at the Academy with you and our friends. But I was so young, and so confused… I thought I was doing the right thing and look at me now, I didn’t even finish High School Tony…”
He wonders what would have become of him had he not had Siggy to look after. He wonders if he would have spent that first birthday without Steve alone, drunk and crying in his empty apartment.
“Yeah, I’ve been bouncing it back and forth with Peter. I think it’s ready for Shuri to take a look.”
“Tony, I know this is gonna be hard to understand but I didn’t do this for money. There will be no ransom, this isn’t about that, this is about me fixing the biggest mistake I ever made. I’m trying to make things right Tony, I wanna try to do right by you this time around”
A tiny smirk works its way through Tony’s lips. But instead of answering he leans in to press his forehead against Steve’s.
“You want me to tell you? Fine! Yes you WILL live forever, no, you will NOT die by natural causes, nor will you AGE. If this is too much of a problem for you boy, you can pick up your shield, throw it up high and this time… don’t catch it.”
There were so many familiar faces yet not a single one had ever recognized him. He’d stared right into the face of Sam Wilson, his High School best friend and not seen even a flash of recognition. It didn’t surprise him, he’d worked hard for that anonymity.
“You’re being stubborn, just use this toilet. I still have to shave anyway and you know how long that takes with this shitty razor”
Most days Tony felt like wrapping a blanket around the girl and ushering her out towards a garden to go play with her friends, which made absolutely no sense.
Steve’s cottage in Northern Maine was above all, remote. Along with the cottage he also owned fifteen acres around it to guarantee privacy. He’d bought it, in cash, direct from the owner using his gains from a weekend trip to Vegas. He’d brought six months worth of pay to a high rollers table and left with enough to buy his cottage and furnish it like a king. He’d worked on getting the cottage ready for a full year, everything from fixing the heat and roof to adding an extra room to digging a pantry cellar. He’d done everything on his own, years of working construction jobs for cash finally coming in handy. The cottage was fully stocked with eight months worth of food and enough medicine to cure a plague and kill a moose.
Decades ago, when the old government had still been around Steve had been forced to attend court-mandated therapy sessions. The old broad, Dr. Pancovich would always ask him the same kind of questions which he then had to try his best to answer. Maybe if he got Tony to open up to him about his own feelings, Tony wouldn’t feel the need to drown anything in alcohol in the future.
At twenty-two Tony looked far too young to be CEO of one of the biggest companies in America and Steve knew it was starting to bother him more and more. Rinsing his razor Steve turned to look over at Tony who was examining his face on his side of the mirror.
Steve was mad, Tony knew he had to be. He hated leaving Tony alone with either Bucky or Cap, couldn’t stand the thought of them being anywhere near Tony without someone else there, yet his sweet perfect husband was not fighting him for it.
“No… You were my best friend, it wasn’t until many, many years later that I realized how much I loved you”
The battlegrounds in his dreams belonged to the ones of his youth. The faces he saw in them were faces of a past that now existed only in a different reality. Sometimes he dreamt of Natasha, of her hair bursting through, like blood across a cloud of dust from the distance. Other times he dreamt of old battles, of gunfire being traded between the Hydra Regime and the resistance, the scent of gunpowder and the burnt smell of laser guns.
“Sweetheart, could you do me a favor please? Could you go upstairs and ask your Aunt Vivi to order some food for lunch?” Siggy turns to look up at her Daddy’s face. Her eyes are teary but she seems to be holding up pretty well.
He kissed the top of Steve’s nose playfully, his smile much too radiant for the hold Steve was keeping on him.
Dr. Banner gives them theories and options and treatments. Tony listens carefully, nods and asks questions. He discusses medications, monitoring schedules and even diets. And while Tony looks calmer the longer they’re there…
“The Commander authorized me to leave the tower a couple of weeks ago. He is confident in my training and abilities.”
“You don’t need tears right now.” Steve excused and Tony’s returning smile told him he was forgiven. “I love you so much. You know that right?”
But Tony doesn’t know about Steve’s newfound dark little hobby. He doesn’t know that Steve has learned how much pressure it takes to push a knife through a human ribcage, doesn’t know how good Steve has gotten at this.
The following month a yearly tradition known as the Avengers Gala followed. It was actually an annual reunion that nowadays looked more a retirement home party than the boisterous drinking gatherings they used to be. Tony (with just a cane for support) walked in, back straight and proud to greet the newer Avengers and speak warmly with the older ones he already knew. The founders, as they were called, were highly regarded in the hero hierarchy and the newer recruits glimpsed shyly at Iron Man and Commander with respectful awe.
It’s been a long night already, an exciting one certainly but now that the adrenaline is subsiding, Steve feels mostly just exhausted.
How Steve savored Howard’s sharp inhale, his repressed anger. How he wanted Howard to push the subject so he could truly unleash High Commander Rogers upon him. But Howard’s survival instincts must have seen the determination in Steve’s eyes because suddenly Howard pulled back.
This was his love, his husband, his Steve. This was the man who had been with him through the worst and the best, through sickness and health, the man who would be with him until death, indeed, did them part.
It must work, because Tony’s still there. He’s still happy, and funny and brilliant. He still tells Steve that he loves him every single day and still listens to Steve ramble on about how stupid everyone is.
“Did you know about this?” Asked Tony the moment Eliza’s car cleared the property gate. The question drew a strange reaction from Steve, his eyes clouded with what could actually be panic.
Immediately Steve’s eyes went to Tony’s chest looking for signs of the Arc Reactor… incredibly enough there was nothing there. The glow stayed with the iron armour, it wasn’t part of Tony. Steve tasted relief with its sweet nectar. They hadn’t been able to use a fragment grenade, not a Stark, not a Hammer not any of the other ones because they’d had to bust into a US military base, guns blazing. As a result Tony hadn’t gotten shrapnel in his arteries which meant there’d been no hack heart surgery and the recovery time from any other wound was quick enough that Tony had had enough time to get right into making the armour.
“Alright, drive safely” He handed Steve’s credentials back to him, not even bothering to look at Tony whose cheek was squished against the side of the travel donut.
The frenzied call caused Steve to bolt out of bed at what turned out to be five twenty eight in the morning. He ran to Tony’s locked room, expecting the worst and found the room a meat freezer, Tony shivering on the bed under a blanket.
“Agent Fury found him, I can’t tell you where but he said that by the look of it they hadn’t taken him out from there in a while.”
It wasn’t ‘fan-girling’, rather it reminded him of the way people behaved when they met the Dalai Lama or the Pope. Months ago, Eliza had confessed to Tony that growing up she’d always had an 8 ½” by 11” portrait of Iron Man hanging by the head of her bed. She said she always ‘prayed’ to the Saviour Iron Man to give her more wisdom for her tests, or more patience in her training. She’d said this with the shyness of a child, all big eyes that refused to meet his.
“SO! Stevie, are you finally going to tell me what’s been keeping you so busy you don’t even have time to text me?”
Having an audience she cares about kick-starts Siggy’s dignity enough to drag her up from her Daddy’s lap and onto a standing position. But she stays close, choosing to stand with an arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulders instead.
Looking away from his desktop for a moment, Steve focused on Tony hunched over the keyboard of his own desktop at home. The young genius was coding what would come to become JARVIS. He’d been working on it for years now, on and off. It was taking longer than the original JARVIS because of SI. The first time around Obadiah had taken care of all the menial matters of running a company, now Tony took care of that personally which left him with limited time to work on JARVIS. This was why Steve’s New Year’s resolution had been to implement the right people on the right jobs, to get Tony focused on inventing and innovating.
“It’s given me a reason to live.” Tony finally replies and he hates how true it really is. If it hadn’t been for Sigrid, Tony never would have survived Steve.
The death of Edwin Jarvis hit Tony as hard as Steve knew it would. With his health in decline, they’d moved Jarvis to a luxury care facility months ago, but eventually there was nothing they could do but be there while the elderly butler joined his wife in death. After the funeral Tony was a mess, he clung to Steve as he cried and cried until his voice went. He walked around their Malibu home, unable to sleep for long or eat much until Steve eventually coaxed him into bites of food and naps. Then Steve pushed Tony to go through the boxes of stuff that had belonged to Jarvis, his personal possessions which had filled his suite at the care facility. The photo books brought both the most pain and the most healing. There were hundreds of pictures of Tony growing up, Jarvis always by his side. The later photos always included Steve, right by Tony’s side and those brought a special pang to Steve’s heart.
Steve is proud of himself throughout it all. Not once is he short with his love… or angry… or annoyed.
“Tell you what Steve, you feel free to trust and support my son any way you feel he needs it and we’ll see whose approach was more successful.”
Tony extended his hand, a kind smile framed by his neatly trimmed beard. Eliza looked outright scandalized at the sight of the hand and immediately looked to the High Commander for confirmation. Steve nodded and slowly she lifted her trembling hand to slide it into Tony’s.
“Look around us Cap, we’re a ticking time-bomb. That’s why we need this, so innocent people don’t get hurt. There’s more at play here than you think.”
Once, a year ago Clint accused Tony of that exact same thing and he’d fervently denied it back then. This time around however, Tony was no longer so sure.
Funny, he thought, how this woman’s son moved with the speed and jerkiness of the blue-collar when both his parents had such time and leisure in their bodies.
Steve puzzled over the question. Wondered if Tony thought Steve was going to leave him… then it hit him.
“Hey, no peeking! You’ll get your say on it after I’m done and before you ask, Pepper needs it asap.”
“I’m pretty sure you have a private jet at your disposal, plus what’s wrong with moving SI headquarters outside New York? California is America’s technology capital anyway so it’d make sense.”
Steve sees the moment Tony finally spots him in the kitchen. He gets to witness the delight that fills his lover’s face and the smile that breaks through. He also sees the exact moment Tony remembers Steve’s injuries.
“Thank you. Now who wants me to carry her? Yes, you do! Yes you want uncle Tony to hug you, don’t you my little puff pastry?”
Steve had no doubt in his mind that Vision despised him, but he also knew he would do everything in his power to make sure Steve made it onto the other dimension safely. If only for the pleasure of being rid of him once and for all.
Time had always been a spiteful mistress to the Commander. It gave as much as it took and while it seemed to take more and more from Tony with each passing year, it gave it all to Steve. Eventually the day came when the still brilliant genius could no longer do much without help. From sunrise to sunset Tony needed help, whether it was with bathing, combing his hair, dressing, or getting down the stairs, Tony needed help. It often frustrated Tony, being a captive to his own body, but it would have frustrated him into depression had Steve not been the one doing the caretaking.
Tony exhales. Bitter acceptance in a puff of air that says ‘of course, why wouldn’t it be?’ without words. Suddenly exhausted, he lays down next to Steve and allows himself to suckle on the comfort that his lover freely offers in his arms.
Despite the daily medication. Despite the plastic mugs that sometimes clatter on the floor. Despite the bruises on his arms from when he misjudges a distance and hits himself against a door frame… he’s happy.
“See, that’s where the trust thing comes in. You trust me to keep my word and I trust you to not be a creepy kidnapper anymore.”
Tony began nuzzling into the softness of Steve’s T-shirt, his voice heavy with curiosity which he knew fully well Steve would accommodate.
Overall, Steve found himself in quite a great mood. With Tony now inheriting SI and Steve there to support him, Tony could change the future of Stark Industries for the better. With that in mind Steve focused on looking sufficiently bereaved and thought back to the day they buried Pepper Potts.
“Tony and I have been together for twenty-six years Captain. There is no truth of mine he doesn’t already know.”
The Commander’s eidetic mind was meticulously organized. It was a place that stored a century’s worth of information, intel, details, schedules and images. It was a space of order, a place of little feeling. The only exception to this rule was Tony Stark.
The kids are buzzing with excitement as they get out of the car. Whispering to each other all the way into the polished elevator.
“High Commander, it is my honour.” She answered and there was no doubt in Steve’s mind that she meant it. Her eyes were glossy but her resolved remained unmoved. This was someone who’d dedicated her life to serving the People's United Country of the Americas, someone who’d sworn loyalty to the High Commander.
“Yes, once you’re in we’ll collapse the connector and it’ll be its own mirror universe to our own… except much younger.”
They grin at each other, mirror expressions of love. They’re both good at this, at speaking without words. Steve gets what Tony is trying to tell him, that he’s going to be ok so it’s ok for Steve to go and have a hobby. That having an outlet for all this rage that doesn’t involve violence will benefit him.
“Nope, we’re about ten minutes away from getting drunk enough to giggle and people will hear us out there.”
No matter how much time passed, Tony’s favorite fantasy remained the one in which Steve Rogers kneeled in front of him and begged Tony to forgive him, begged Tony to take him back. The fantasy always ended with Tony kicking Steve right out of whatever room he imagined himself to be in. He’d always meant that fantasy, had in fact seen it as a sort of dress rehearsal just in case. But never in his wildest dreams could he have imagined just how much Steve could have destroyed himself. The man Tony had gotten to know in however long he’d been in this cabin for, was but a shadow of the man he’d once known. A tortured, warped shadow but it was still Steve.
Impressed at the pronounced formality Jarvis took the Captain’s hand and looked him square in the eyes. What Jarvis saw there obviously surprised him, probably because he did not expect to see so much respect in a stranger’s face.
“Nah, he hasn’t earned it yet. Maybe in a few years… maybe.” Half of her reply is muffled by his t-shirt and he realizes right then and there how exhausted they both are. He rubs her back soothingly, enjoying their moment of quiet before they head back inside.
Tony was beautiful like this, creatively fulfilled, feeling like he was part of a team of geniuses all working together to better the world. For decades, Steve thought he would never see Peter Parker again. He thought him lost in the frenzy of multi-dimensional creation, then one day ten years ago, he appeared. Peter was all grown up, the owner of a PHD in bio-engineering in his own right. It turned out that Ben Parker hadn’t died in this reality and so Peter had simply gone on to lead a normal life, (well as normal as any genius could). He’d actually been the recipient of several SI scholarships along the years so he’d always been somewhat affiliated with the Starks in one way or another. Steve just hadn’t bothered to search.
For the first time since the creation of this dimension, Steve could see the hands of something other than himself shaping what was to come, and he felt powerless before it. Stark Solutions had created a water purifying system that was both extremely easy to use and easy to transport. He pitched it to the US military as a low cost, easy to use solution to an ongoing water purification problem. The military accepted, but they wanted Tony and Tony alone to do a live demo to the big shot Generals in Afghanistan to make sure the purifier worked under those conditions. Tony accepted. Steve hit the ceiling.
“Perhaps I could stay at a hotel and come back tomorrow?” Suggests Thor, his gaze focused on Sigrid.
The word hit Tony’s consciousness like a freight train. It visibly numbed him, made him pale and he shrank into himself until tears finally rushed to his big brown eyes. Forty-three-year-old Tony would have said something back and gone to hide in his workshop. He would have locked himself in and not come out for days while obsessing about how he could make things right, how he could fix this. Nineteen-year-old Tony simply allowed the tears to fall on the spot and quietly sobbed out a “I’m s’o s’orry Steve”
Steve paints an intimidating sight standing like this; red faced, tight lipped… coiled. Finally the kid’s self preservation instincts make him back away until he’s far enough to dash down the building stairs like a man who’s seen a ghost.
“Who am I kidding? You volunteered to be shot full of experimental drugs and something called ‘vita’ rays like a hundred years ago. Your survival instincts aren’t the sharpest Steve.”
While Steve Rogers is all about Manhattan now, he didn’t start out that way. He’s Bushwick born and bred and like any good 90’s Bushwick boy, he knows where to go looking for trouble…
Tony’s eyes strayed from his laptop to focus on watching Steve get the necessary ingredients out to start on his cake. No, they never talked about certain things because they didn’t need to and if they did… Tony would think about that tomorrow.
“My whole life wasted because I just couldn’t let go of a childhood friend. A friend who had no trouble tossing me aside for his own happiness… I know I hurt you Tony, I know I hurt you so bad you’ve been scared of falling in love with anyone ever since, but I’ve been hurtin’ too baby. I’ve been in hell for over twenty years.”
Both Steve and Jarvis worked around the moods, made their best to keep him talking about it and keep Obadiah away from the grieving man. Unsurprisingly Steve and Jarvis made a good team, together they got Tony to eat, to sleep, to cry and eventually to smile. As the days passed Tony began to stabilize, to heal, and the anger that had been simmering beneath the surface began to boil to the top. This anger finally exploded two weeks later when Stane was finally allowed to visit the new heir. He spoke about the company, about how important it was for Tony to continue his father’s legacy, and that was the moment in which an enraged Tony Stark assured Obadiah Stane that SI would cease weapon production effective immediately.
Rhodey visiting meant free license for Tony and him to get into all sorts of ridiculous trouble. Steve liked it that way, understood the importance of Tony acting his age as long as Rhodes was there to rein him in. They’d go out to clubs, dance a bit and come back to the house around two or three in the morning. This time however, when Tony returned, he smelled like a woman’s cheap perfume and there was lipstick in his collar.
As it was, his presence weighed heavily on Tony’s interactions with the team, not that Tony himself noticed it. For him Steve was just being Steve, his husband had rarely left him alone in over twenty years so why would he start now? For Tony it was normal to joke with Steve, to be constantly in sync with him, to count on him for his opinions. To the others, Tony seemed warm, funny, considerate but as untouchable as the sun. They could bask in his magnetic personality but if they got too close they had to worry about Steve.
“I can still do the work Peggy wanted me to from there and I’ll find some work in the area to tie me over.”
It was left up to Tony to explain that no, Steve wasn’t a Hydra clone and no, he wasn’t from the future and yes, Peggy did know and yes, Fury did know, and yes he really was a Steve and yes, they were married to each other, and yes, it was legal… until Tony too took his leave to go look for his husband. When Tony finally found him, a cell phone in his hand and what sounded like Happy on the other end, Tony simply smiled.
When Tony told Steve he wanted them to have a party to celebrate their 20th anniversary, Steve was touched. The fact he said it while Steve was buried deep inside him, Tony’s arms wrapped tightly around his broad back, his voice rough and gasping, probably helped secure it. By the next morning Tony was already throwing around ideas and asking JARVIS to compile a list of venues.
And he’s not lying, Steve truly feels at peace. It’s as if his sanctuary continues to drift further away from the rage that infects the outside world. With Tony, Steve is at his best. Outside, Steve could not be worse.
Steve’s rosy lips broke into a smile, his blue eyes lifted from the page to look at Tony’s drowsy ones.
Decades ago, a court-appointed psychiatrist told him he had ‘repressed homoerotic feelings’ towards Tony Stark, but now he understood it went far deeper than that. Tony was not just some homoerotic fantasy, he was… everything.
Exhaling the panicked breath of air he’d taken, Tony forced his lungs to breathe normally again. He moved his head closer and closer until his forehead was pressed against Steve’s and his manic eyes were focused on Tony’s.
There’s groans of disappointment but mostly it’s a chorus of “Ok Mr. Stark.” He does his best to smile confidently, to look like this is nothing out of the ordinary, but he can’t fool them. He certainly can’t fool Siggy who is staring at them all as if she is seeing ghosts, or Harley who is downright scowling at the newcomers. He keeps the smile frozen as Shari stops to hug Siggy, keeps it as Siggy whispers something to Harley that has him shooting upstairs like a bullet.
“We are as different as night and day. You have never known a day’s suffering in your life. I know you think you know everything, but you know shit and I’ll be there to remind you that you know shit for as long as you live.”
Tony’s off-key singing had Steve covering his mouth but Tony continued with the next verse undiscouraged “Everything's coming up sunshine and Santa Claus” giving up, the rare sound of Steve’s laughter bounced off the walls of their living room. “Everything's gotta be bright lights and lollipops!” Steve was holding his stomach as he folded forward “Everything's coming up roses for me and for you..”
His Tony never complains. Not about being cold, not about sex, he’s not even picky about food. His Tony is meticulously organized and so brilliant he puts everyone else to shame. It took Steve a while to get his head around Tony’s job, but now that he understands it… it fascinates him. As an Environmental Engineer, Tony gets to use his incredible mind to get around the laws of physics and even nature itself.
Eventually Cap caught on, tried to stay clear of Steve and consequently away from Tony. Steve liked this, thought it healthy and was infinitely pleased when a newly restructured SHIELD sent both Cap and Bucky to Washington under Sharon’s wing.
Eliza wasn’t this warm with everyone, in fact she wasn’t friendly with anyone except him, as far as he knew. With Steve she was all military replies and straightforwardness, with the Avengers she was efficient but silent. She only ever let down her guard around Tony and because of that he found himself being protective of her.
The guy’s nose crunched beneath the weight of Steve’s knuckles but he kept pounding until the bloodied man chocked out, “Stop, please stop!”
Tony’s eyes closed again, just like that. One moment awake, one moment asleep but Steve continued smiling down at his beloved’s face. It was nighttime anyway, and they both needed to get some rest. Gently, Steve settled beside his husband for the night. He curled up against Tony and fell asleep almost immediately, his warm hand holding on to fingers badly angled from arthritis, soothing the stiffness.
Tony was still very much floating in clouds of marshmallows by the time Steve finally got enough of his wits about him to turn off the spray and wrap Tony up in a large fluffy towel. Once cocooned, Tony melted against him, his cheek coming to rest against the exposed flesh of Steve’s clavicle that the baggy t-shirt left uncovered. Tony now smelled entirely of soap, and Steve held him in his arms with a sense of possessiveness he hadn’t allowed himself to feel.
She smiled despite knowing she shouldn’t, but what could she do? He was still Steve, a much more precise, calculated soldier but it was Steve Rogers through and through. He’d done what was necessary and now the world was safer for it. She would just have to be cautions around him, try to remember she was talking to a Captain America who had gone through hell and had had to do things he wasn’t proud of, like her.
As usual, it took a while before Steve finally squeezed in next to his husband. For although they all loved Cap, when it came to conversing the founding members preferred Steve Stark. Perhaps because even though Steve looked unchanged, his world revolved around the same issues and challenges they faced.
The first time Siggy Foster knowingly and purposely does something bad is when she’s ten years old. Yes, she has been called to the office of the school Principal and Vice Principal before, and yes, she has had a few mishaps in science class, but there had never been anything purposely sneaky about it. Her first real, deliberate misdemeanour comes in the form of catfishing. It’s a team effort.
“I know what I’m doing seems sick and wrong, I know that Tony, but this is the only way I could think of where you’d give me the chance to prove myself worthy of you! I can take care of you and love you and cherish you. I can feed you and spend time with you like I always should’ve done! I’m just trying to buy myself some time until you realize what you’ve been hiding for twenty-three years Tony!”
They dragged the iron armour (Arc Reactor attached) right back with them to Malibu. SHIELD took Yinsen at first, but they released him to Tony’s care within the week, after which Tony offered the man a job at Stark Solutions. “Just until you figure out what you want to do. Take as much time as you need, I’ll be right here and you’ll be working with some of the world’s most brilliant minds to solve issues that are close to your heart.”
“Naw, I already warned them I’ll be offline most of the week. They know how to escalate things if needed.”
“You must be starving, I made you something. I know it’s not your favourite, it’s just some eggs but I wanted to go easy on your stomach after all the sedatives”
Realizing what he’d done, Steve pressed soft kisses on Tony’s forehead, nuzzling the hairline with his nose.
There’d been an unorthodox practice at SHIELD for many years now, one known only to Director Nick Fury and Steve Stark. It’d taken Steve a few years to get Nick on the same page but eventually he’d gotten on board. In 2010, there had been over 250 Hydra agents posing as SHIELD agents, by 2013, that number had been cut down to 18. It was after all, common for agents to suffer causalities on missions… it happened. The fact that it happened to Hydra sympathisers more couldn’t actually be confirmed, after all, it was the law within Hydra for agents not to reveal their allegiances even to each other.
He remembers her eyes and her hair and the feeling of baby Sigrid sleeping in his arms. He remembers the heartbreak and the loneliness until Tony too is sobbing in Thor’s big warm chest. They hold each other until they’re staying upright through sheer shared effort and stay there till they finally feel some semblance of control.
“Why don’t we all sit down. Can I offer you anything? How about some water? Ice water? Siggy could you help me with the drinks please?”
“The heating in this room must be acting up. I thought I’d fixed it but it’s probably something else, I’m sorry Tony”
Tony needs more help than before, especially when doing anything that requires strength in his hands. Like a warden, Steve is ever vigilant. He buys a slip mat for their bathroom, installs a handrail just in case and listens in carefully every morning for signs that Tony might have slipped in the tub. When breakfast time arrives, Tony minds the stove while Steve chops… same for lunch… same for dinner.
‘All up to me,’ Tony thought. If that was true then there was hope still, he could lure Steve into a false sense of trust and comfort, make him lower his guard enough to leave an opening for Tony to escape. He just had to wait it out.
He’s wearing a loose fitting shirt (surely one of the many he got in Nepal) and casual pants that make him look more like an exotic magician than the owner of this stunning view. The contrast of the minimalistic, professionally designed interior and the hominess of his attire seems so singularly out of place, that Tony is smirking by the time the kids are done greeting their Uncle.
“He’s still out of the country. I heard he’s not coming back anytime soon.” Time had turned Natasha into a major gossip and the glint in her eye made him smile with delight.
Tony was pink in the face, his fists balled up tight, a picture of righteous fury if Steve ever saw one. He could hear what was left unsaid, knew the question he wasn’t asking. Why wasn’t Cap like his husband?
Then came the day the White House ordered the Avengers to maintain the peace at any cost, even at the loss of life. The day when the President ordered Captain America to fight hungry, homeless, angry American citizens to protect the status quo. That was the day Captain America died, the day Steve Rogers realized the world was not as he had thought.
Even back in his Avengers days, the suit had mostly taken the hits, anything else Steve had always been there to deflect. But a slash on each arm was not what it used to be back in his thirties. Nowadays his body took longer to recuperate, and that drove Steve half mad. Dr. Cho and Bruce had given Tony the green light to go home, leaving instructions with Steve as to how to take care of the stitches. That had been a week ago and Steve had not let Tony out of their apartment since.
The moment Tony finally confessed to Steve how much he despised designing weapons, was the day Steve felt something inside himself break wide open. Tony went on and on for hours about all the changes he wanted to implement to SI. How he wanted to dump the entire weapons sector, how he wanted to concentrate on technology and telecom networks and AI’s. Tony spoke on and on about the future he envisioned for SI with the excitement and hope of an entrepreneur until his throat was dry and his voice hoarse. That night, after sucking Tony off in bed until the genius was too drowsy to complain, Steve did something he rarely ever did. He picked up the sleeping, naked genius and walked to the armchair by the window of their bedroom. He sat down with Tony settled cross ways on his lap, his head resting over Steve’s heart, his calves hanging off the armchair’s side. Their bedroom window overlooked a park in a mostly quiet neighbourhood. Steve liked to sit on that chair to have his morning coffee after his run. Tony was usually still asleep then, so he relaxed while looking out the window and listening to Tony breathe.
The white haired woman twitched as if she’d just been jolted away from deep thought, dull eyes resting on Steve’s face. “Steve?” She breathed out.
When the two arrived back at Avengers Tower, Steve helped Tony hobble his way towards the elevator, letting the injured man use him as a crutch to take the pressure off of his wounded knee as he escorted him to medical.
Tony’s scanners zoomed in on the piece of tech, readying his automated targeting system as he started to charge the Unibeam. “You wanna see who has the better tech? Take this!” He said, focusing the suit’s power into one concentrated repulsor beam.
“I know it’s probably not what you’re used to, but it’s nice.” He promised, resting his elbows on the table top
Ooh-kay, so this was a legitimate porn site. A legitimate porn site that he'd actually been offered a job to work at as a freakin' porn star.
“So most of the shooting is done in the studio, though we are looking to expand upstate.” She explained, sliding her key card into the access panels as they passed them.
With his free hand, Steve curls his fist around the base of his cock, stroking himself at the same time as he plunges his fingers as deep as he can. The angle is weird and it isn't enough. His fingers can't reach his prostate so he strokes himself faster, squeezing his fingers tighter every time his hand slides over the tip of his cock.
“What? Are you okay?” Steve queried, a flash of panic coursing through him at the urgency in Tony’s voice
He reached into the envelope and pulled out a stack of thick paper. They were photos, which wasn't surprising,  but the person in the photos wasn't what he was expecting to see at all. They were pictures of Steve.
“Tony, that is not the plan. Do not engage. Do you copy? I said do not engage! Stark? Damn it!” He shouted, finger pressing into his com on the side of his helmet, but Tony wasn’t responding.
“Buck!” Steve shouted, grabbing at his friend’s shoulder to hold him back from launching another attack while Pepper hurried over to help Tony.
Steve woke with a jolt, jerking forwards and immediately regretting that decision when there was a sharp stab of pain in his left side. He let out a hiss through his teeth, hand instinctively raising up to touch the tender area, feeling a thick barrier of gauze under his palm.
They’d been inching closer throughout their display of dominance, almost nose to nose now as they stared each other down. Tension was growing rapidly, and it was just a matter of time now until that thread snapped and the two Avengers were at each other’s throat.
Back at the compound, the team made their way into the tower, covered in gross lizard goop as they shuffled into the lounge room.
Tony gave a nod, both shocked and a bit proud of how accepting Steve was. Then he wrinkled his nose, glancing at Steve out of the corner of his eyes.
Even if it was just a sprain, it was nice to know that the super soldier was making sure he got from A to B without falling over.
He let out a cut-off gasp, back arching and hips bucking into the brunet’s touch as the pressure quickly built until he was teetering on the edge of bliss. He came with a quiet grunt, spilling all over Tony’s fingers, coating them in streams of sticky white.
I wasn't going to end it here initially but the chapter was already long and would have gone on for quite a bit longer so I figured it was a good place to cut. Also I just wanted to get a chapter out since it's been a few months... Thanks to everyone who left comments and Kudos, it really helps make me want to write more so if you're exited for the next part please keep giving this fic some love!
Usually when people were trying to get in his good books it was because they wanted something, but Steve was far too righteous and selfless to want him for his money, that much was clear.
There was no gag stuffed in his mouth this time, which was a damn shame, but the band of black silk fastened over his eyes still painted a pretty picture.
“What are you talking about? I have an extensive and impressive art collection, of course I love art.” Tony defended.
Steve stared at the screen for a long time, contemplating the decision before finally clicking out of the window.
Steve was about to click out of the website and forget anyof this happened when his eyes caught some flashy text in the bottom corner of the screen.
Steve wasn’t good at expressing emotion, and by the looks of it Tony wasn’t either. He was at a loss of words for what he could say to Tony, but then he remembered Natasha’s wise advice about getting him to see Steve Rogers, not Captain America.
Steve didn't want to come off as obsessive or clingy because they had one night together, but in all fairness the aching morning wood that he'd been left with to handle on his own should be enough to warrant an impromptu visit to Tony's office. Not that Steve necessarily feels like he’s owed an orgasm – after all he was still 1 to 0 with Tony (2 to 0 if you count his first day), but Tony was clearly interested in something with him, and he definitely wants to hop on that train before it leaves the station.
Tony noticed a familiar green hooded silhouette standing at the forefront of the iron battalion and recognized the villain immediately as Victor von Doom.
“I still can’t find a way to stabilize the tissue once it’s extracted from the synthesizer.” He muttered mostly to himself, flicking the fleshy goop off of his hands. “Maybe if I increase the amount of keratin in the synthetic tissue and decrease the elastin, it will strengthen the fibrous structure of the epithelium…”
With Tony’s deadline approaching in just a couple weeks he figures an early start was probably a good idea, and it doesn’t hurt to get to know the people he’s working with before he fucks them.
Tony hummed in response, leaning around Steve so he could reach out and scoop some of the batter dripping down the lip of the bowl onto his finger, ignoring the glare that the blond was sending his way as he tasted it.
After however much time he spent unconscious, Tony groaned, neck straining to lift his head with the dead weight of the Iron Man helm. He gave up when he could only raise his neck a couple centimeters off the ground, letting his head fall back against the concrete.
Steve let out a muffled stream of incoherent curses as the robot continued to fuck him, fingers curling into his palms until his nails left crescent shaped dents in his skin. He moved his hips as much as he could with the leather straps keeping him tied down, humping the air with tiny, shallow thrusts, desperately trying to find some relief.
“Look, we didn’t exactly start off on the right foot, and I didn’t exactly give you anything that would change how you thought of me, but I’m really trying to make amends for that, to get you to see past the suit.”
Steve smiled, leaning in until his lips were a hair’s length away from Tony’s. “Only if you promise to let me take you out sometime.”
spent the last 10 years gathering from auctions that you took down to hang up your stupid posters?” Pepper countered.
“So Captain America, eh? Never would have seen that coming in a million years.” Pepper muttered, tilting her head slightly to the side, ruby red lips quirking upwards. “What was it that you called him again? Something about being an overly glorified show horse with a stick up his ass?”
Tony smiled in the friendly way people did when they saw something heartwarming, turning his head to the side when he caught Steve’s face in the corner of his eye.
“Hey, you caught me, right.” He chokes out, his voice strained but surprisingly calm for someone who almost fell to his death.
Mr. Stark let out a snort. “Yeah, you're in. And call me Tony, Mr. Stark makes me sound old and I really don’t need to add any fuel to that fire."
“Not here.” He explained. “As much as I’d love to have sex on Fury’s desk, don’t think I forgot that this is your first time.” He said, flashing a charming smile. “I’d be doing a disservice to my country if I didn’t do this the right way. Let me take you to bed?”
When the Avengers Initiative was proposed, Tony knew it was a bad idea. Getting a team of brash, cocky hot-headed super heroes to fight together and defend humanity was one thing, but getting them to behave in a civilized manner outside of battle was a whole other challenge.
“It’s a celebration. You made it into the front page of the Stark Studios web page for top 5 favorite porn stars.” Tony explained to him, handing him a flute of bubbly clear liquid that looked like champagne. “I know, the décor is a little extra. You can blame Darcy for that.”
He’s only wearing his jeans, which are undone and riding low on his hips like something straight out of a pinup poster. It’s not like he intentionally went shirtless just to play dirty, he just couldn’t find it, that’s all.
“I'll send you the contract tonight, but don't feel like you're obligated to sign it. If the terms make you uncomfortable – even just a little bit -- feel free to decline. It’s not a big deal.”
“You mentioned a granddaughter… guess you managed just fine without me.” He murmured, taking a seat by her bedside. There was no anger, or even disappointment in his voice. He was glad that Peggy had settled down with someone after the war.
There were dozens of pictures -- some printed off his own site, some of Steve in his personal life, some of
Lucky for him there was no fracture in his leg, only a mild sprain that would heal within the next few days. Dr. Cho had instructed him to stay off his leg during that time, warning him that putting too much strain on it would only make it worse, but Tony, unable to stand still for too long at a time, ignored that advice.
Steve could have very easily gotten away if he really wanted to -- it’s not like Tony could overpower the soldier’s super human strength, but Steve stopped fleeing at the resistance, turning his head back to look at his captor with curious baby blues.
“True.” The CEO concurred. “But that’s no reason for misconduct. What’s got your britches in a knot this time, Captain Ahab?”
Tony lifts a hand up to cup Steve’s head, bringing him in for a steamy kiss. Steve reciprocates immediately, tilting his head just slightly so that he can slide his tongue past Tony’s pliant lips. He moves the hand that’s not currently wrapped around Tony’s cock up, pressing his open palm against Tony’s chest and pushing him down onto his back while he moves to straddle him, getting a bit bolder.
Bucky turns down the TV just as Steve starts walking into the kitchen, a bowl of Funions nestled in his lap. Even with a fridge full of fresh fruit and vegetable Bucky insisted on living his life like a domesticated raccoon.
Steve scoffed at that. A dry, humourless laugh. “And how am I supposed to get Tony Stark to respect Captain America?”
Tony walked into the common kitchen area, making his usual trip to the coffee machine but his route was blocked by a bulky super solder wearing a white apron, and the counter tops were amess with half a dozen bowls filled with some sort of chocolatey looking substance.
Steve stood outside on the busy streets of New York, looking up at the looming building with the words ‘Stark Studios’ etched in large, silver letters on the exterior.
Mr. Stark didn’t seem convinced, but he flicked his wrist at Steve either way to signal the go ahead. “Whenever you're ready.”
The rest of the team had immediately caught on to the fact that the eruptive nature between the two team leaders seemed to quiet down as of late, which came as a shock to all of them. All of them except for Natasha of course, having known early on about Steve’s elaborate plan. Though she did seem a bit surprised that the short tempered soldier had actually managed to get Tony onto his good side.
And it’s not like he had a shortage of friends. The rest of the team got along with him just fine, and a whole bunch of other people practically worshiped the ground he walked on. Literally. Steve even had friends outside of the Avengers, like Will Samson, or whatever that guy’s name was. Tony couldn’t understand why he was so hung up on gaining his affections too.
The liberal billionaire rolled his shoulders. “Well, yeah. I mean, we’re not in the 1940s anymore. You don’t go to jail for being gay. I mean, there are still some people who think it’s an ungodly sin, but for the most part people just go on with their own business.” He said, furrowing his brows at the other. “Don’t tell me they didn’t brief you on this when you came out of the deep freeze?”
The blue woman sneers at him, a wild rage in her eyes. “My business is none of yours.” She shouts at him, flicking her hand.
After a dozen or so spankings, Steve was finally begging for mercy. Tony was about to beg himself, ridiculously close to coming after a short few minutes.
“Mmm?” Steve hummed, only half paying attention to the conversation as he quickly makes himself a sandwich.
It doesn’t take long after that. Steve feels the first shot of cum hit the side of his cheek, prepared for it but still taken by surprise as it starts dripping down the side of his face. He opens his mouth, tongue lolling out to catch any stray spurts as his face is painted by streaks of translucent white.
Something about quantum ion projectiles and magnetic propulsion fields… Honestly, Steve probably had a better chance of understanding him if the genius was speaking Chinese.
“Iron Man, you are not setting a bomb off in the middle of the city, that’s insane.” Came the authoritative response in his ear.
Steve’s head snapped up, looking at him analytically. “What’s wrong with her? What is this place?” He demanded.
“You’re late.” The genius said, hands in his pocket with a grin on his face. Normally he was the tardy one, but he always showed up on time to meet with Steve. “You know my time is worth a lot of money. You just blew like, three thousand bucks, Cap.”
“Yeah.” He whispered, tucking his phone between his cheek and shoulder so he could grab the bottle and keep stroking himself at the same time.
Sam snorted, cracking a wide grin. “Uh uh man, this is different. Besides, you’re ditching me for an older, much richer man. Gotta say I’m a bit hurt that I ain’t good enough for you.”
“Yeah, yeah… I’m fine.” He said, expelling the last of the fog from his brain. He was about to ask Tony what he was doing back so soon when Rumlow, naked and seething, stomped forward, looking like he was about to hit Steve again.
The dramatic eyeroll Steve offered him at that remark was a given, though Tony was caught off guard when he felt the hands on his waist dip lower to cup his ass through his jeans.
Steve never came off as the bigoted sort, but he supposed not everyone was perfect. Considering the time he grew up in – where bible thumpers preached about how the sanctity of marriage was between a man and a woman and all that crap, he wouldn’t be surprised if Steve was a little off put by the sight.
Banner was just as much the mad scientist that he was, albeit a bit less destructive. You know, when he wasn’t turning into an enormous green rage monster.
Steve settled for the tissues, figuring he could just wash off whatever remnants of his session at home. He wasn’t about to use his boss' personal washroom to clean cum off himself, even if he'd just gotten off in front of him.
That’s not a complete lie. Thor’s hot, it’s hard to complain when you’ve gone 240 lbs of pure Adonis pumping into you and Steve did enjoy the sex even if big, bulky brutes weren’t typically his type.
“Oh my god Tony, I am so sorry.” Steve said frantically rushing into his office. He was by Tony’s desk in just a few strides, reaching out to cup the side of his face.
He set the box upright and started putting things back inside, struggling to make everything fit neatly a second time. Peter was helping him for all of 30 seconds before getting distracted. Again.
She gave a slight nod of her head and hummed, eyes drifting closed briefly. “I married after the war. Had a son.” Peggy turned to him and smile fondly. “I named him Steven.”
Mr. Stark gives him a questioning look but reaches over and grabs the whiskey along with a second tumbler and hands it to Steve.
“You’ve been staring at me for five minutes straight now, I thought I had something on my face.” Steve smiled, fingers brushing across his chin. “That, or your brain finally short circuited.”
Once again, the machine began to pump un and out, this time at a much slower pace. It still felt a bit weird, but not as bad as before. Tony stuck around by the cameras just as promised, acting as a familial crutch for Steve to direct his gaze. Steve knew it was odd, seeking comfort in a man he had only just met – the same man who was his
The elevator doors open and Steve immediately hears Tony arguing on the phone with someone over the phone.
“But still Steve, all this stuff…I know I’m not very useful right now but you really don’t have to do all this. I can pay you back.” Bucky said dejectedly.
“You’re not the only tech savvy one here Stark. I had people look into this guy -- find out his full name, his background, where he lives.” Stane listed off, eyes flicking across his computer monitor. “Did you know he used to serve in the US military? His friend did too. Apparently he took an early discharge to help him recover after an accident. How noble.”
“No, you can’t change what happened in the past, but you don’t have to let it affect you like this.”
Steve makes a face as he sees what Bucky’s holding -- two bowls of some chunky looking brownish-orange mush on top of what he imagines is some soggy, overcooked rice.
Noises spill carelessly out from his open mouth, soft, desperate moans echoing in the empty space around him as he rockets towards the peak of orgasm. Messy spurts of milky white paint his freshly cleaned skin. He’s going to need another shower before he goes in for his shoot, but right now he can’t bring himself to care.
Rough, calloused fingers gripped his jaw with bruising strength, forcing Steve’s chin up so that he had no choice but to look into those cruel, dark eyes.
He hit the concrete, hard, skidding across the ground and leaving a long groove of broken asphalt in his wake.
“Yeah, but all this time I thought you were playing it up for the cameras.” He said, giving some love to Steve’s other nipple, earning another sharp gasp in response to the pinch. “Turns out you’re the real deal.”
Could anyone blame him? The man was a freaking Adonis. Erskine wasn’t kidding when he had labeled the super soldier as ‘the peak of human perfection'. Not only that, but looks and impeccable physique (and unwavering stubbornness) aside, Steve was an absolute sweetheart. There was no way anyone who spent more than five minutes with the guy could resist that slice of apple pie. Besides, even if he had a sense of self-restraint in the first place – which everyone knew he didn’t, Tony Stark was a sucker for a hot blond with a big rack, and boy, did Steve Roger’s have a nice pair of bulging pectorals.
“Calm down, I'm not gonna press charges on your little guard dog.” Tony muttered, gently pulling Steve’s hands away from his face. He dabbed at his swollen lip with the ice pack, then winced at the sharp sting and dropped it again. “He's not the first person to punch me in the face and he probably won't be the last.”
Eventually Fury must have gotten sick of talking, or maybe he’d caught on that none of them were really paying attention because he cut the meeting short, dismissing the team.
He dressed himself in something proper, but casual – just a white button up with a charcoal vest thrown over top, accented by a single gold chain dangling from his left pocket.
“This isn’t working. This thing’s skin is composed of extremely compact calcium carbonate. It’s like shooting at a damn mountain range, our attacks are barely making a dent.” He said into the com, narrowly avoiding a roller coaster cart as it was flung towards him. “We’re going to need something more powerful. Anybody got some C4 on them?”
I have not uploaded in almost 2 years. I am so sorry if you've been looking forward to an update, I just couldnt get the chapter to fit together so I got frustrated and abandoned it for a while. I always reach a point where I feel like no one wants to read my fic and I get stumped, so if you want me to finish this comments and kudos are definitely appreciated.
He imagined Tony dressed in his fancy business suit, the one that probably cost more than his rent, getting off on the sound of his voice. The mental image was enough to make Steve bite back a moan, tightening his grip around himself.
The mistress hummed, tiling her head as she slid the cusp of the leather up the middle of Steve’s chest, dragging it tentatively along his jaw.
Debrief dragged on as always, not that Tony was really paying much attention to the play-by-play. Instead his thoughts were filled wet lips and desperate kisses, Steve’s hand dragging along his neck like it had before. That kiss had been more intense than some of his flings, and that was saying a lot. Maybe it had been just a spur of the moment thing, or a release of tension. Tony was very intimate with the consequences of strong emotions, but somehow he doubted that it was that simple. He’s kissed a
At first Tony hadn’t exactly handled it well, their breakup reigniting his destructive tendencies that led to him drinking way more than was healthy for him, but they still kept in touch throw emails and phone calls and the very rare lunch date.
“So not just waiting for marriage?” Tony teased with a quirk of his brow, which stole a smile from his companion.
“Probably.” Tony muttered, not looking up from the delicate circuitry that he was fiddling with, soldering a couple wires together. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m going to.”
In just a few short minutes, there was a tray sliding towards him with tasty looking hors d’oeuvres littered across it.
“Look, Stark’s not the easiest man to get along with. He’s a hot-heated, self-righteous and destructive little bastard.” She started off, but then her expression softened. “But he’s not a bad person once you break through his armor and actually get to know him.”
“I'm not saying you wouldn't be a good fit, but you're still new, and this role is not for amateurs.” He says, then stops himself when he sees the offended look cross over Steve's face. “I don't mean it like that -- You're great, really. I mean, the ratings prove what an asset you’ve been to the company, but this is some next level stuff and you're not exactly a seasoned pro. I just don't want you doing anything you might be uncomfortable with.”
He opened the email, expecting another gross comment from a ‘fan', but already he could tell that it wasn’t just another perverted message by the body and length of the message.
Tony was poking at some trendy, Vegan dish that was all the rage on Instagram as Pepper typed away on her phone, probably answering a dozen emails in the span of a minute.
"You know, if you need someone to talk to, I studied psychiatry for a few years before joining up." He offered. “I’m not a legit therapist, but I did volunteer work for AA if you just need someone to listen.”
Tony’s own ledger was more than a little impressive. He was a sex crazy bandit, or at least he had been in the prime of his playboy days. He’d more or less mellowed out by now, ever since Pepper had left a burning, unfillable gap in his heart where the arc reactor’s cold, metallic glow now resided, but he was far from a saint.
Steve doesn’t flinch, standing his ground. “If you don’t want to work with me then just say it.” He says coolly, wondering what the hell this guy’s problem was.
Whether it was dealing with evil and destructive monsters, or separating Thor and Clint from fighting over the last Poptart, peace and quiet was hard to come by around here.
“Perfect.” Tony chimed, slipping the gag back into his mouth and fastened it, not as skull crushingly tight as the other guy had. “Relax. Just look at me.” The billionaire added, retreating back towards the camera.
“Why?” He asked, as if trying to fathom why a wholesome, straight-edged guy like Steve seemed so desperate for his friendship.
Tony stared at the title with curiosity, absently rapping the ball end of his pen against the glass-top desk. He loved producing porn, and as much as he prided himself in the content he provided for the public he usually had Pepper, or one of his other assistants approve the footage. Working in the porn industry, Tony saw other peoples dicks more often than he saw he his own. Not that he was really complaining, as far as jobs went he had a great one, but they uploaded dozens of videos every week, it’s not like he could personally view and critique each one of them. He was a busy man.
“Thanks for tonight Tony, I really appreciate it.” He said with a smile. The party was nice, but completely unnecessary. Steve didn’t need the recognition, but the fact that Tony felt the need to throw him a celebration for his little achievement was a nice gesture.
The last few weeks had certainly been a learning experience, and while Steve doubted that he would win an Oscar with his acting skills he could definitely put on a show worth watching.
“I’ll be sure to have Pepper leave you a voicemail.” Tony said contemptuously, pressing the button to call the elevator.
The diner that Steve had in mind was only a few blocks from the tower, so instead of taking a car they decided to go on foot That was one of the great things about living in the heart of New York City, most places were within walking distance from the tower.
Mr. Stark's expression goes from professional to intrigued, and Steve would swear that he could actually see the man's pupils dilate before his eyes. “This is about you baby, you do whatever you want “
Steve gave him a final, gentle pat on the arm before turning around with a deep breath, carefully making his way back into the hospital room.
doing porn, but to actually have someone reach out to him and actually offer him a job at an actual porn studio?
No one else has shown up yet, so Steve takes the opportunity to look around and familiarize himself with the space.
Steve started blankly at the message, mouth slightly agape as he read it over again to make sense of it, as if he hadn’t understood it right the first time.
“Actually you two should go ahead. I’ll stay here.” The doctor interrupted, eyes shifting between the two team leaders as he took off his coat.
He’d known about Tony’s daddy issues from reading his file, but anyone with half a brain could tell that Tony’s relationship with his father had been problematic just by looking at him. And now hearing this, how Howard had just abandoned his legacy in favor of searching for him…
The way he's positioned makes the angle awkward. He has thick fingers, but he just can’t reach deep enough to hit his sweet spot.
-- don't call  the police.” He begged, words spilling from his lips faster than Tony could give a lecture on robotic engineering. “I know he shouldn't have hit you, but he only did it because he has this compulsive urge to protect me, especially when I don't need protecting. If he gets any notice of disorderly conduct they'll take away his veteran status and he’s already gone through so much, so please --"
He made a dash towards the front desk area, hoping to deescalate the situation before anyone (mainly Bucky) got arrested. It wouldn’t be the first time one of them had to bail the other out of jail for disorderly conduct. A criminal record was the last thing Bucky needed interfering with his stance in the VA.
“Anyways, so how’s this whole friendship thing playing out?” She asked, perfectly manicured eyebrow arched in what appeared to be sheer curiosity.
Apparently there was no such thing as starting off easy in the porn business, because for his first gig Steve was strapped down to a bed, spread eagle with a silicone dildo attached to some machine placed between his legs. There were leather straps fastened to his thighs to keep them open, and with his wrists bound above his head he could barely move an inch.
Assuming Tony wouldn’t mind, Steve just snags a pair of his and slipw them on, fully intending to wash and return them. They’re a little snug over his ass, but he’ll take that over the chaffing of going commando.
Bucky stretches out the prosthetic, stiffly maneuvering his fingers into a fist. “Still feels a little off, but I guess that's expected.”
Tony and Steve try to see eye to eye over lunch, but they get interrupted when the city falls victim to another invasion from our favorite iron dictator. However, there is some progress to their relationship.
His breathing picks up as he tips closer to the edge, tiny noises of pleasure slipping past his lips. Steve's eyelids begin drooping, mouth slightly parted in a completely wanton expression as he feels the pressure in his abdomen start to tighten.
“I mean, I know you have work tomorrow, but I can put in a word with your boss, he and I are on pretty good terms--"
There was a little awkward moment of silence as the two superheroes twiddled their thumbs, neither one really knowing how to strike up a conversation with the other.
“What’s all this for?” He asked, taking a step towards the table. He noticed a tall, chocolate cake with ‘Rising to the top!’ written in thick, bright pink icing, the outline of a half-erect penis drawn crookedly next to the text with globs of white frosting shooting out of the tip. Very classy.
Doom looked confused for a moment before realization hit him as a huge, green mass of gamma radiation and muscle crash through the side of a sky scraper with a loud roar, picking up his robots and tossing them around like they were little rag dolls.
Steve raised his eyebrows, humming as he scrubbed at a few plates. “Well your breakfast is cold by now.”
Steve offered a hesitant smile, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “If it’s alright I think I’ll stay here a bit longer. See if I can make any progress with her.”
“I’m not trying to tease or make fun of you or anything, really, I’m just curious. I mean, what about agent Carter? Everyone thought you two were a thing. The Captain America exhibit even talks about your romance.” Tony inquired with genuine interest.
A giant lizard creature ripping the tapered top off of the Drop Tower, it’s huge, lashing tail taking a good chunk out of the Cyclone as it let out an ear piercing shriek.
“No cameras.” Tony growled, and without warning he thrust and twisted his hips, catching Steve off guard enough to flip him over onto his back. “Tonight, you’re all mine.”
He doesn’t acknowledge with an answer and instead steps forward, hands already going to work on Tony’s belt, unbuckling the metal and tugging the leather tongue out of the loop.
“You don’t say anything, just party with us.” Tony told him as he came up to stand at his side, clinking his own glass of champagne. “You earned it.”
Tony looked at the hole that the Hulk had punched through the wall and cursed under his breath. It was suicide, but honestly so was staying on a collapsing air vessel with an angry Hulk, so it’s not like there was a sane alternative.
Steve folded the paper into his wallet and tucked it into his back pocket, double checking that his pants were zipped up before he left the office.
“Hm? Oh yeah, of course you can put your clothes back on. There are no shoots planned so I guess you’re done for the day. I’ll have Pepper send you some contracts I think you'll be good for, you can take a look at them later.”
Tony sucks in a breath through his teeth, head lolling back against the headrest of his chair. His thighs are clenching, and Steve can tell he's desperately trying not to make a sound. He watches intently as Tony's lips fall open, threatening a moan, and then quickly close again, teeth biting down on his bottom lip to stifle the noise. He glances down and Steve locks eyes with him, the tiniest hint of a devious smirk on his lips before he takes him in all the way, gagging slightly as he forces him further down his throat and swallows around him, muscles squeezing Tony’s cock.
Rumlow snorts, moving to step around the 6’2 wall of defensive muscle in his way but then stops right beside Steve, turning his head and leaning in slightly. Steve tries not to cringe away at the acrid smell of cigarettes as hot, moist air tickles his ear.
The small boy made a happy sound and scurried over to grab another toy but wound up tripping over a big stuffed animal and tumbled, falling into one of the stacks of boxes and knocked them over.
“Okay buddy, next one.” Steve said, setting down the empty box so that Peter could put things in it. Since Tony was busy packing up the kitchen, which meant sharp and potentially dangerous Items in the hands of a toddler, Steve was in charge of watching the baby.
It was now or never – free fall and hope to God someone caught him, or go down with the ship. Out of the two choices Tony knew which one to chose.
Steve feels the impact against his back when they hit the side of a building, crashing through the tinted glass window at full break-neck speeds.
Taken aback, Steve sputtered for a moment before regaining his composure. “No, no I’m not. I’m Steve, I’m here for uh…the position?” He said, struggling to find the right way to put it.
Steve tensed for a second, then visibly deflated, looking away like a child caught scribbling on the walls with marker. He sighed heavily, knowing he couldn’t argue his way out of this. “How did you know?”
There was a brief pause as Mr. Stark seemed frozen in time, but then he lit up, dropping the papers and pen onto his desk.
Less than a minute later, pieces of the Iron Man suit were flying towards them, molding seamlessly around Tony’s frame. So that’s what he’d been working on last night. Tony’s helm clicked into place over his face, the eyes lighting up in an electric blue.
“Don’t sweat it Cap. Adrenaline is a complicated thing. Happens to the best of us, it’s not a big deal.” He said dully.
He couldn’t believe how quickly his day had gone to shit. First he had to deal with Rumlow, now he had to deal with getting clocked by some guy in his own building? At least his day couldn’t get any fucking worse.
“If you don’t have any questions then I think we’re done here.” Tony dismissed him, returning to his work.
“How about you give me an IOU and I can collect payment in the morning?” Tony chuffed, offering him a lazy kiss.
The old woman reached both hands out to cup his face, crystal eyes watering. “Steve. Oh, it’s really you. I can’t believe it.” She wept.
Steve didn’t reply to that, but there was a small grin stretching across his face as he made a grab for the jacket that was hanging behind his chair.
He’d missed a chunk of it, too busy seeing stars to pay much attention to it, but now Steve was untied and on his knees, Natasha’s catsuit pulled down past her thighs to expose her juicy bits while the blond went down on her. Tony turned it off and closed the browser.
A deafening screech pierced through the air as the Hulk tore sheets of reinforced metal from the hull, literally ripping the vessel to shreds.
“Steve usually makes you a plate, but most of the time you don’t come out of your hole until way past noon so you never notice.” Came Natasha’s sneaky reply, green eyes shining at him disapprovingly.
Tony narrowed his eyes at her and scoffed, sitting back in his chair. “That’s why you wanted to meet up? To give me a performance review?”
He’s been fucked so many times now there’s barely any resistance as Tony slides right in, bracing himself with his hands on Steve’s thighs.
When Steve got his first pay cheque from Stark Studios he was certain that someone must have made a mistake in calculating his wages.
He decides to drop by work later in the afternoon, stopping by the local Starbucks to grab some coffee before heading down to Stark studios. Thinking that he might come off a little strange bringing coffee in for Tony on his day off he grabbed a few extra lattes to hand out so it didn't seem as obvious that he was only going there to see Tony.
Before Tony could finish his threat, Bucky reared back his metal arm and swung, punching Tony square in the jaw.  Tony reeled back from the force of it, stumbling back and clutching at his face.
Steve laughs. “You can't cook and you suck at cleaning. You'd make a terrible housewife.” He points out.
Tony was quick to get on his feet, standing firmly between Steve and the angry man. He was shorter than Rumlow by a good few inches, and smaller in size, but he radiated a powerful energy that screamed
They really shouldn’t have been surprised. At this point after going up against creatures from other universes, immortal magical beings and armies of world domination-obsessed super robots, nothing came as a surprise to these heroes.
Steve sucked his bottom lip between his teeth, letting out a groan as he gave the base of his cock a squeeze, bucking his hips into his fist in a search for more friction.
Steve was at a loss for words, extremely flattered and more than a little shock that he was one of the top actors on the site now. Sure, he knew he was a good-looking guy, but Stark Studios was a huge company, and to get a spot in the top 5 in just a few short months seemed completely surreal to him.
Tony looked down at the cracked screen of his wrist watch as he heard the scratchy voice, bringing his wrist up closer to his face.
Steve hears the hum of the hover bike and jumps onto an upturned bus, using it as leverage to catch onto the flying vehicle, perching himself on the back of it, ready to pounce. Natasha, like the borderline mind-reader she was, seems to understand his plan without exchanging and presses on full throttle towards Tony.
Before they could strike up another conversation the sound of heels clicking against linoleum caught his attention, and Steve turned around to see Pepper walking towards them.
It was haunting to think about how Steve was probably the oldest person here, counting all the years he spent frozen in the ice. And yet physically, he looked younger than them all, including Tony himself. The ladies definitely didn’t seem to mind Steve’s youthful appearance, asking him to reach over and grab something for them, or pick up something that had fallen. Basically just any excuse to watch his muscles flex.
“Steven, hi, my name is Pepper. How are you today?” She asked, very friendly as she held out her hand. He shook it, still a little dumbstruck by the whole situation.
“Hey!” He shouted, holding the base of his arm by his elbow to absorb some of the shock as he fired a repulsor beam from his gauntlet. The energy beam shot Doom right in the back of the head, his body going rigid as he slowly turned to face them with an expression of malice on his metal mug. “Shouldn’t you be bothering Richards or something? I thought he was your greatest nemesis, stealing your girl and all that.”
The bed he was sprawled out across was soft as a cloud and smelled faintly of lavender jasmine detergent mixed with sweat and sex. It took him a good second to realize he wasn’t in his bed, and after the initial moment of panic from waking up in an unfamiliar setting he quickly relaxed, remembering the night before.
The late summer day was quickly waning once they’d reached the hill top lookout just on the outskirts of New York City. Tony parked the car in a patch of dead grass off to the side of the dirt road.
“I’ve received confirmation that the island has been fully evacuated.” Came their Captain’s commanding voice as he shifted the plane into autopilot and grabbed his shield, making his way to the back of the airship. “Avengers, our job is to take him out while keeping him as far away from the city as possible.” He said before jumping out of the plane, freefalling down until he could reach out and grab onto the scales.
The post-mission tension between them normally fizzled by now, but even still Tony wasn’t about to accept Steve’s breakfast offering, still just a little spiteful over last night’s argument.
It was a quiet day in Avengers Tower, which where precious days due to how rare and far between these moments of pure, uninterrupted noiselessness were.
He hadn’t told Bucky that he was trying out for porn – the guy was stressed enough as it is, and could be a total mother hen sometimes. He was still trying to ingrain in Bucky's thick skull that he wasn’t the same skinny, sickly kid he'd been in middle school, Steve didn’t need to give him any more reason to worry about him.
“You know, everyone seems to think we're dating “ Steve blurts out suddenly, the confession coming out of nowhere and completely catching the billionaire of guard. “And I was thinking, if you maybe want to go out sometime? For dinner maybe, or a movie.” He adds, his tone almost shy.
Hala stood abruptly, spear in hand as she snarled at him. She looked like someone with nothing to lose. “You and your pathetic accomplices do not threaten my armies.”
Steve didn’t really want Tony to leave his side right now, but he understood that there were probably some very important legal things that the CEO had to deal with right now regarding what just happened so he wasn’t going to hold it against him.
Tony pulls out his Starkwatch, ready to send out the Assembly Alert when a spear shoots out at him out of nowhere, smashing into his wrist and setting off a spark, nearly slicing off his hand.
A few of you were wondering when Rumlow will make an appearance since he's in the tags and well...voila! Not the greatest character introduction, but some actual plot in on its way. Thanks a million for everyone who waited patiently for me to update and left kudos and supportive comments, your feedback really is what pushes me to keep writing the story.
Steve winces at the resonating hurt in Bucky’s tone, feeling a wave of guilt. He felt awful for lying to his best friend, but Bucky would have never been okay with him doing this sort of thing. He was overprotective and stubborn, always thinking that he had to be the one making the hard decisions. It had been that way since they were kids, and for once Steve wanted to be the one taking care of him.
“Come on, I know a nice organic coffee place that has cats running around the place. You like cats.” The brunet encouraged.
The brunet gave a laugh, licking the chocolatey goo off of his finger. “Ha. You beat me by one second.”
The blond laughs deeply and gives him a slap on the back before strutting off without any speck of modesty.
Steve grins widely and reaches over to grab one of the pillows, tossing it at Tony. The brunet ducks behind the door with a laugh just before the pillow makes contact with his face.
“I like spending time with you Tony.” Steve says, sincerely, and Tony feels like the arc reactor might explode in his chest.
Steve’s parental instinct took over, even if he could tell Peter didn’t have a scratch on him. “Oh, Peter. You okay?” He asked, hovering over the baby.
Woopsie cliffhanger. This chapter has been about 60% done for the last year and half, I've just kind of been too busy/lazy to update. I was kinda gonna let it die but every time I got a comment about how people were upset that this hasn't been updated for a year I felt really bad so I spent the last week forcing myself to finish it. Turns out guilt tripping works! There is one more chapter left to this story and I will TRY not to go a whole other year between updates so feel free to continue bullying me until I post.
Despite the last few months of obscenities, Steve still found himself blushing at the crassness of Tony’s words.
When they pulled up near the tower, instead of turning into the building Tony kept on going straight. Steve took note of this, glancing back at the tower as they drove further and further away from it.
The next morning, Tony zombie-walked his way down to the communal kitchen space, his body instinctively heading towards the thick, rich smell of hazelnut dark roast out of habit.
Steve was standing less than a foot away from him now, close enough that if Tony reached out he could touch him.
No wonder the last guy quit. Less than thirty seconds of conversation with this jerk and Steve already wants to throttle him.
“Oh fuck! Fuck. Please. Please fuck me, I need it so bad. Pleeeease.” He whines, tears pricking at the corners of his eyes. He doesn’t care that he’s begging, he’s far too desperate to get railed to worry about his humility.
“Let’s gossip like two frat boys on spring break.” He said, and the look Steve gave him a look that showed that the blond still wasn’t catching on. Tony rolled his eyes. “Discuss conquests? Swap stories about our greatest sexual exploits? Come on, I thought you were in the army. This is how two fellas bond, isn’t it?”
Steve shrugged. “Yeah, you know. I go to a studio, they take pictures of me doing things, sell them to a company to use for marketing and then I get a paycheck.” He went on.
Tony continues to stay anchored in place, and Steve sees him bite the inside of his cheek, obviously staving off the urge to pounce on him. It’s a little cruel, teasing him like this, but Steve figures if he leaves Tony wanting more then this might not end up as a one off.
Tony let out an unenthusiastic huff, arms crossed over his chest as he tipped his head back in the chair he was sitting in. “Yeah, sorry Brucie-bear. I’m a genius robotics engineer, not a biologist so I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He muttered, feeling the tendrils of impending boredom start to take over his mind.
The walk there was mostly spent in silence, aside from a bit of small talk about Tony’s latest project which Steve only pretended to hold an interest in because honestly, he had no clue what the hell Tony was talking about.
He rolls his hips, teasing Tony’s cock for a few moments, earning some very pleasant gasps out of the billionaire to fuel his efforts.
“Yeah, sure thing.” He said, grabbing the can from his friend and waddled his way towards the kitchen while also making an effort to conceal the still prominent boner that was rather uncomfortably chafing against the front of his pants. He wasn’t exactly too thrilled about getting cock blocked for some processed beef and salty, vaguely tomato tasting paste , but he wasn’t about to leave his friend to suffer defeat at the hands of a tin can. “Here.”
“Well, I don’t immediately want go home and drink myself into a coma, so I supposed I’ve had worse company.” He mused, which earned a small smile from Steve.
His hands move up to cup Steve’s jaw with both hands, swiping the pad of his thumb across Steve’s kiss bitten lips.
Steve acted on impulse, pressing his fingers against the com as he sprung into action, dashing down the street, hopping over debris and toppled cars.
Once the brownies were done and packaged up, they made their way to Steve’s old church house. Tony looked over the shrubbery, eying the old fashioned looking church building. The establishment looked like it was from the early 1900s, with chipped brownstone bricks littered with vines and ivy, and a white spiral tower with a rusty bell inside. The building might have once been architecturally impressive, but it looked like it hadn’t been properly maintained in decades.
Steve barely had a chance to nod before the doors closed and the elevator shot him up to the top floor. He used the few seconds of solitude he had to calm himself down, taking in steadying breaths.
Natasha shrugged, giving him a sly, sideways smile. “Well, you are sort of forcing yourself on him.”
Startled at the sudden reality check the two heroes quickly withdrew away from each other at the voice, turning their heads to see Natasha straddling the hover bike. She stared at them in bemusement, but the smirk in her eyes was evident despite her stern expression.
Steve slipped the neon gloves off and set them on the counter, catching Tony in the hall before the grumpy billionaire could make his escape.
He prods at his hole with one finger, spreading lube over his entrance as he circled the rim. He hasn’t been fucked yet today so there isn’t much give to the muscle. He carefully slips one finger inside, tipping his head back to let out a breathy moan as his ass swallows the first digit up to the second knuckle.
Sorry it took so long! Lot's of things getting in the way of writing at the moment, and that included some pretty severe writers block, but I managed to get enough to fill up a chapter. I'm thinking there will be 5, but that could change depending on how long it takes me to get to the conclusion (and how much porn you want Steve to go through). As always, Comments and Kudos are greatly appreciated! They help feed my motivation to actually get stuff written, so please leave me a word on how you like the story so far. Next time, Steve is going to be exploring a few more partners ;)
Biting his lip to really play up the innocent Christian boy angle, Steve’s hand skates over his stomach, skirting around his now half hard dick to instead give his balls a squeeze. He gives a small moan that cuts off shakily, then tilts his head back and let’s out a louder moan, playing it up a bit. The whole time Steve’s hyper aware of Mr. Stark's eyes on him, and the thought is enough to make him instantly hard.
Steve hissed, tipping his head back with a long, throaty moan as his ass was breached by a thick cock while another one pressed against his lips, spreading pre-come over them before gliding over his tongue to muffle his cries.
Surprisingly, the first one to give into this insane plan was Banner of all people. He’d mentioned something about not being able to escape the S.H.I.E.L.D’s watchdogs no matter how hard he tried, so he might as well learn to live among them. Honestly, Tony just thought that he missed social interaction. Natasha agreed to join the team, saying that – her words exactly, ‘it’ll be easier to babysit you morons if we’re living under the same roof’. Tony didn’t know the spy very well, but he figured that was code for ‘easier to monitor this reckless band of destructive, testosterone driven maniacs for S.H.I.E.L.D’. Once The Widow was in, it didn’t take much convincing for her irritating other half to jump on the bandwagon. Even Thor stuck around, though he sometimes disappeared to Asgard for whatever Demi-godly duties he was needed for. Tony still had no idea how he so effortlessly crossed dimensions the way someone would walk from one room into another room. The rational genius called it witchcraft, just so that he didn’t have to admit to not knowing the science behind it.
“Cap!” Tony called out when he saw Steve fall to the ground, taking out the robots that were shooting at his teammate. “That’s it.”
Tony made a face, arching an eyebrow. “Breakfast, what breakfast?” He asked, confused when Steve set a plate of perfectly cooked eggs, bacon, and a couple slices of toast in front of him. He was the perfect soldier and an excellent housewife, geez, the serum really did give him everything. “Since when do I get breakfast?”
Steve had to physically restrain himself from rolling his eyes and scoff at the petty worship, he did want these peoples money after all, but it was kind of hard to keep his boner when all he could picture was a group of middle-aged, lonely guys desperately getting off to him on the other end of the camera. Still, the rent had to get paid somehow, so he just closed his eyes and pictured Leonardo DiCaprio.
So yeah, Tony might be irrationally pointing the finger at Steve for his major daddy issues, but could anyone really blame him?
Steve had almost forgotten about the whole reason he came here in the first place, holding the cheque between his hands like some sort of holy grail.
With a glass of what looked to be bourbon in hand, Mr. Stark rolled his office chair over to the tripod that was stationed directly in front of him.
“Those two men. They were kissing.” He stated bluntly, his face stoic, which was only fueling Tony’s apparent discomfort.
Steve kept up the cock tease, panting heavily as he stroked himself, but when that didn’t earn him any influx he decided he needed to up his game.
He heard the voice and scrambled to sit up, slamming the laptop shut as he hastily looked around the room for his discarded jeans.
Steve doesn’t like that their morning activities had to be rescheduled, but man, it’s to be upset when he got to stare at an ass like that.
Steve choked out between whips, stomach bright red from abuse with welts striped over his pecs, dusty pink nipples pert with arousal.
At the thought of his friend in danger, Steve slapped the doctor’s hand away and climbed out of bed, completely disregarding the pain. “I’ll be fine. Those aliens, took Tony, we have to go save him.”
The silence stretched between them as they shared a tender gaze, and then it suddenly hit Tony like a freight train.
Steve let out a howl, the cry subdued by the red, plastic ball between his teeth, arching his back against the pile of cushions he was draped across. The stimulation was quickly becoming too much, and Steve could feel the sticky pre-cum that had dribbled out of his cock and dribbled into his navel. He was close, so close it ached and yet not close enough to reach his climax. His dick was flushed a dark red, bobbing desperately in search of any touch that could give him the final push he needed.
“You mean in a ‘I wanna put my tongue in your mouth’ sort of way?” He teased, deflecting the heavy emotional side of the conversation with humor as he tended to do.
Tony didn’t dare say a word, not sure what he could even say to that. He knew what it was like to lose someone you loved, and he knew that no words could possibly make it feel any better. After some time it was Steve who finally spoke up.
Tony shrugged. “Guess I just got to know him and realized that he wasn’t the self-righteous bastard I always built him up to be.”
Steve groans and rolls his eyes. He hates when Bucky does laundry. He never puts anything away so its always a gamble whether the clothes were clean or not. He picks up a red long sleeve and gives it a whiff, deciding it smells clean enough and slips into it.
Tony downed the rest of the shot in less than a minute with a sharp exhale, sliding the empty glass across the bar to resist pouring himself another. He was self-destructive, but he didn’t really feel like spending the whole night puking up the chemical cocktail brewing in his belly.
Steve wobbled onto his feet, gently holding his gut as he started making his way across the room. “No, but I’m going anyway.” He said defiantly.
Any semblance of the shy, boy-next-door persona he seems to give off is promptly tossed out the window as he launches a full-on attack to Tony's mouth, vicious and bruising and just what they both need. Steve’s been riled up all day, and clearly so has Tony.  His hands move to squeeze his boss’s ass while his tongue presses into Tony’s eager mouth.
Steve glanced down and noticed the dents in the can where Bucky had probably gotten fed up and just slammed it against the counter in an attempt to open the damn thing. Steve huffed put a laugh because that was exactly the kind of ridiculous idea that Bucky would have.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Well, yeah. I thought it might be a good way to get to know one another. Maybe put a stop to our endless bickering.”
The scene has him on his back, sprawled out on a big, cushy bed with one guy between his legs and one guy fucking his mouth. He’d never been in a three way before, let alone as the centre of attention. Steve thought he would be nervous or overwhelmed by the constant pumping in and out at both ends, but all he can think of as he’s being double teamed is
“Usually people call me the impatient one.” He chuckles, taking his dear sweet time and driving Steve crazy.
Tony huffed in defeat, slipping the Iron Man gauntlet off of his arm and stood up. “Fine.” He muttered, deciding that he could squeeze a five minute break into his busy schedule, if only to quench the Captain’s insistent nagging.
“I have a scene today.” He said a bit dejectedly. He didn’t want to brush Tony off, but he did have a job to do.
“Jarvis.” He grunted, tiny pieces of pulverized concrete rolling off his suit from the movement. “Status.”
“I’m fine Tony, I promise.” He said gently, soothing his rubbed-raw wrists. He was a little shaken up from the situation, but Steve knew that it wouldn’t last.
The room is fairly large and mostly empty except for the filming equipment and some intimidating gear that Steve has barely any clue what it’s even for. It has something to do with bondage probably, but that’s as far as he can figure out just by looking at it.
He threw his shield with a heavy grunt, watching it ricochet off of a lamp post and then bounce through the crowd of robots like a life sized game of ping pong, exploding them on impact. He caught the shield when it bounced back towards him, trying to search the crowd for a week point.
