Steve blinked. "What?"
Happy and Peter were just staring wide eyed at what just happened.
He cleared his throat. “Come in.”
"Peggy, I don't feel like talking.."
The Alpha growled and hands quickly went to the boxers, tearing it away.
"Uhm yeah she is...Wait what do you mean she took him? And they're both gone? Where did they go?" Sam was impatient at that point and his mind was just full of questions.
“Where are you taking me? Why aren’t you bringing my friends?” Steve looks at him warily.
Pietro sighed as he drives through the street. "He's..a bad man Wanda."
"For God's sake Romanoff!"
“Bad idea boss. The nurse will call the cops, investigate and dig us up.”
Steve choked on his own breath. “W-What?!”
Steve blushed and Bucky smirked at that. He always knew how to make him go red in embarrassment. Sam just looked pissed and Wanda was just trying to figure out who this man was to Steve.
"Get myself an Alpha?" He gave her a look as he was wiping the dishes to dry.
“At first. Not gonna lie it took a few guards, nurses and doctors to pull them away from the door. I think they should be at least patiently waiting outside.”
"Pietro, what's wrong you're scaring me.." Wanda looked at him in worry.
“I put something in your water remember? That pill is supposed to trigger your heat.” He said darkly. “Perfect time to breed you with our pups.”
“I want him to come to me willingly.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Steve, just take a deep breath alright? Nice and slow."
Bucky went to opens it and his eyes sparkled in interest. He pulled a long chain where there were cuffs at the end.
"Okay, cool!" He opened and typed in seriously.
"Tony, for the love of God get inside the car!"
Steve looked at Natasha confused and surprised. "Nat? H-How?" He then looked at Bucky and back to Natasha. "How do you two know each other?"
“Long story. To put it simply, this guy apparently was supposed to kidnap Steve but accidentally kidnapped me by mistake and Steve negotiated with that scary Mafia to let me go!” Peter’s hands were everywhere as he motions around to explain it.
Everybody’s eyes are wide open.
"I think it'll be great."
"No. I'll come to you. Meet me at Central Park in 15 minutes."
“That’s exactly what you and basically the whole society meant. You think Omegas are weak and fragile.”
Bucky smiled as he was slowly sliding the tip in his hole. "God, this is heaven."
"Who's Barnes?" Sam looks confused.
Happy gave Steve the see-what-i-mean look. Steve just smiled and turned towards the boy, Peter. At one glance, he knew this boy is an omega. It made him felt at ease. Omegas when around each other always gave out a comforting feeling as they were all gentle and caring in nature. "Hi Peter. Hope we could get along."
Sam and Wanda nodded. Tony and Bucky just kept quiet and did they’re own stuff.
Steve gasped and whimpered. “N-No! Ah!” It was a foreign feeling but yet there was a spark that made his body tingle in pleasure. “Hnggh..”
"He will always be with you Steve. I know it."
"Peter that is not okay." He said sternly. "You should never let them do that to you. Did you tell your teachers?"
"Okay let's keep this going. Peter, you know the drill. Show him all our works and tasks and guide him well. If you guys are done and got some time show Mr Rogers-"
"I don't need a bodyguard. You forced Sam and Peggy didn't you?"
"Don't call me that." Steve said pissed.
.....
"The hell did you do Tony?" Happy looked at Tony in disbelief.
It's not like Bucky was surprised anyway. His Omega has always been a brave soul that would always be a hero to anyone in need. Always defending the underdogs.
"How do you know his name is Barnes?" Sam asked.
"Been doing that for years."
Sam and Wanda looked doubtful but calm enough to listen to her as Peter just shifted uncomfortably due to the tension in the room.
“Oh dear God, 5 then!” Tony shook his head. “Sorry Steve-.“ He turned to look at Steve who seems to be a little confused, looking above.
Steve felt a little tingle. He didn’t know whether he should go in or not.
“Fine, you wanna know curious boy? This guy beside me is his childhood friend and Stark over here is Steve’s new boss who both apparently are obsessed with your friend and are fighting to claim him.”
Those fair milky skin that was asking to be bitten and bruised especially that smooth unmarked neck. That well toned and fit body will feel so good against his body. And that smell...warm cinnamon roll and sweet vanilla that made him intoxicated in such a good way. Something in his body tingled with a burning sensation. It then struck him. He is the one.
Steve snaps his head back at Bucky. "What?"
"Peter?!"
"Wait, so how far are you now?"
"You think I don't know that?"
Steve shook his head. "It's fine. The fact that we even have a place to stay is good."
Bucky ignored his complain and took long and quick stride to their room. He was going to kick the door until Steve squirmed around. "Wait! Put me down first."
“Millennials.” Tony muttered.
“I just got here! And I wanna see Steve!”
"Tony leave him alone and plus, we also have a huge meet up with an important investor from France-"
"Sshhhh calm down."
"Look kid what do you want me to do?!" Wade exclaimed tiredly as they were in a car drove by one of Bucky's men, to send them back.
Steve slowly opened his eyes, fling at the blinding lights entering his eyes. “Ugh..” He groaned. His head felt a little dizzy but he still tried to sit up. “What happened?” he mumbled.
“Exactly, there’s a possibility that most of this is unused. Peter do you remember anything that we could narrow it down?”
James nodded and stared into space.
“Peggy, did you hear?”
“Which you know you can’t handle it if it gets too hard. Steve, this is serious. You can’t overwork yourself. You keep trying to do everything but you and I both know that it will take a toll on your body. You think you can do all but you-“
"No! No! It's nothing! Really! I mean I know how it feels when you always feel, you know...overpowered." He looked down then looked back up to Steve to give an assuring smile.
Steve pushed him away quickly. “No! The flowers are still here cause it would be a waste if I just throw it out.” He looked away shyly.
Bucky harshly tears off the panties and throws it on the floor.
"H-Hey Nat." He smiles shyly.
“Same here sis.” Pietro gave a tight squeeze before letting her go. Steve and Sam always find the twins so adorable.
Yeah, Steve will enjoy this moment cause he is with his two best friends
Pietro groans."You're fucking with me right?! You don't know where he is?!"
Steve just didn’t know how to react. Part of him despise the situation he is in but yet he felt grateful for what the Alpha has done.
"Hold on, I think I can try to locate details about any mansion an hour from here. I know a bit of programming and hacking. Do you have a laptop?"
"I know I am the one for you as you are for me."
“Damn, Steve. I’m sorry. Should never forced you tell when you’re still uncomfortable. I just needed to know so that I could help.”
Bucky was ready to attack but somehow Rumlow hold his shoulder.
"Yea that's the one." Pietro said as he got out the car. Tony and Happy followed right behind with Happy getting reading with a gun.
“I needed a job with better pay so I could pay off my student loans quickly. Stumbled upon the ad of the company, I knew I had to take it.” Steve shrugged a little. “Long story short, the CEO tried to claim me on the first day.”
Natasha's eyes brighten. "And I thought I was the only one!"
Bucky nuzzled his face in Steve's neck and breathed deeply. "I want to breed you Steve..." He whispered
He sighed again as he stared at the flowers.
"You're not going to let your Alpha wait." He said lowly, his mind clouding up with lust.
Tony Stark smirking with his smoldering eyes. “Hey, blue eyes.”
"Your metaphors are quite questionable."
"Wait, we? Since you work for Stark...he's involved in this isn't he?" Sam glared.
“Uhm, yeah thanks, I am in a hurry to the hospital but of course me being my clumsy self.” He laughed awkwardly.
"Bucky!"
"Steve, when we reach there....I want to explain to you. I just hope you'll understand. I owe you that." Natasha looked pleading at Steve who was just staring at his lap for a long time. He then just gave a slight nod and looked out the window.
A dark-haired man in an expensive suit walked out of the driver’s seat of the luxurious car and everyone knew it was Stark. Tony walked passed Happy and the other agents and stopped in front of Bucky and Steve.
Steve turned to her. "Is she worried about me again?"
“Is this a private hospital or…”
"If we do, we'll die for a good cause." She said as she fills up her gun.
"Bucky-"
“Stark sent you Hogan?”
Happy rolled his eyes and sighed.
"What no! He's my mate!"
“Oh yeah I bumped into him on my way here. He works with Steve.” Wanda motioned towards Peter.
“Oh, just…you know a little nervous. This is very new to me.”
"I-I was just trying to make you feel good. Ah!" He whined when Bucky hit a certain spot.
Bucky growled, eyes going dark when he saw the cab going further and further from his sight. "They're in that cab."
Steve looked away, trying to control his tears from flowing out. “I-I need to think.”
“Yeah he’s our boss. Steve and I are in the same department.”
Tony looked like a child got caught for eating cookies but shrugged it off. “It’s an essential room.”
Tony glared and clicked his tongue at her.
"Omega...why is there a mark here?" He growled in his ear.
"I-I'm not crazy..." Steve sobbed. Sam and Peggy quickly went to each of his side.
Steve smiles as he looks around the terminal. It looks the same as it did when he came with his mother once, when he was a child. His mother rarely brought him anywhere since he was a sickly kid.
"Look! You are vulnerable as much as you hate to admit it. You don't see it but you're walking around all confident thinking you don't need anyone to protect you but in reality you're just letting those hungry Alphas eye you like a piece of meat just waiting for the right time. The fact that you are one of those rare male omegas is making alphas crave you even more. So, sorry if i'm too protective of a friend that doesn't want to see her friend being mounted savagely by some random shit ass alpha."
Steve felt himself boiling. "Sir-"
Bucky clicked his tongue as he grabbed Steve's chin. "You shouldn't be like that to your Alpha, doll face."
Few days passed and it was now the weekend. Steve sighed as he was getting ready for his part time job. He was ready to head out when his eyes stumbled upon the roses in his vase in the living room.
"S-Shit..Stevie...baby"
"Next time, it'll be your face."
"Become mine Steve..." He looked into Steve's blue eyes.
"Excuse me?"
"You only obey me Omega!"
Licking his lips hungrily. “Oh Stevie…”
“For goodness sake Tony! How could you hit Happy?!” Pepper said as she wiped the blood coming down from Happy’s nose.
Steve looked around the office and sighed in relief, after finishing the work. Quickly packing his stuff, he immediately walked towards the elevator. While waiting he just stared on the floor.
She cleared her throat. "I will need a raise."
“What Sam meant is that..” She said as she glared at Sam for his poor choice of words.  “You need someone to protect you. It’s good that you’re independent but just take a look back on your life. Being brave didn’t help did it?”
“Well, he did help me out one time during an event. He was nice but that’s about it.” Steve smiled a little.
"And they'll be with you right every second." Peggy continued.
Wanda just looked amused at the situation unfolded. “Well I did not see that coming.”
“Don’t worry. We’ll help if it’s not enough.” Wanda said assuredly.
"You."
Sam looked at him and Tony. “Wait! You work for this dude?” He pointed at Tony which Tony gave him a look.
"A little bit of dealing with exports, trades here and there." Pietro shrugged.
Peggy nodded. "Well, it's your choice. But have to warn you, you're stuck with me and Sam for the rest of your life and we will be very enthusiastic about it."
"Whatever it is. Barnes wants you dead. Better walk away while I'm being nice. I have had enough of blood on my hands. You do know that when you do this, he will go on a spring killing on the rest of us."
“Pre-celebration? Wow, you really like him Tony.” Happy smiles.
“The doctor said he’s fine but! He needs rest.” He looked at both Alphas and sighed. “So please. Don’t bother him. He’s stressed out as it is. Let him sleep for now. No Alphas for now. There are guards at the door if you dare to even try to sneak in.” He glared at both.
Happy and Rumlow sighed. Here they go again.
“B-Bucky?”
Pepper nodded. "I see. Well Stark's men are securing the perimeters in Manhattan looking into all the neighbourhood. I'll wait here just in case he comes back."
"Please, I promise I'll tell you everything but right now I'm in a middle of-"
Wanda hugged Peter. "It's okay! You've been through a lot and any details about Steve's whereabouts is helpful right now."
Peter looked at her nervously. He never knew a sweet girl like her would have a dangerous streak. He unconsciously went to Happy’s side for support.
"Exactly, Steve really needs to be protected." Wanda exclaimed.
"It's cause I'm worried about him too that I don't want to add my sister to the list! Please just trust me on this."
"What?! Nat just tell us! Don't go on your own."
"I may have scented Steve during lunch just now.." Tony slowly explained to Happy.
Peggy sighed. "Okay then." She sat beside Steve who was looking outside the window in a daze. His side profile is so beautiful yet sad at the same time. He was not exactly the same sweet and shy anymore.
Bucky shook his head of the memory and stared intensely at a picture of Steve. "I'll claim you without fail my sweet Steve...."
Natasha looked at her in amusement. 'Now that, is a badass chick.' She thought.
Steve bit his lips and looked at them cautiously. “He kinda asked me to marry me him..I mean of course it was not serious. Kinda like the slip of the tongue mistake.”
"How did Steve get tangled up with that asshole?!" Peggy exclaimed.
“He’s mine.” All James really wanted to do is rip that billionaire Alpha in half and burn him alive. He is trying to keep himself calm but it was really hard when this Alpha clearly wants to have Steve and he simply would not allow that. “We go way back, right baby doll?” Bucky licked behind Steve’s earlobe that made the Omega shiver.
"What do you mean?"
Pietro who was in silence the whole time voiced out. "Let me follow you."
Steve shook his head. "N-No..He..promised he'll come back. He never breaks his promise."
"That's what you get for slacking." Rumlow muttered.
"Steve is missing! And that Stark is behind it."
I hope I can update the next chapter soon! Stay tune!
"I know sweetheart. But you can't be depressed like this. It pains me to see you like this. I know for a fact that Bucky would hate it. He knows you would want the same for him too. He wants you live life to your fullest. Always be happy."
Happy crossed his arm. "Explain Tony."
"How did you end up in this?"
“Just say it Tony.” Happy said impatiently.
"Maximoff. Long time no see." Rumlow sighed and put the gun down.
Tony sighed and sat back down again. He is just praying that his Omega will be alright. His phone suddenly rang and picked up the call.
Tony leans in closer. “Why? Because you are a phenomenal artist.” He said sincerely in the gentlest tone which moved Steve.
“Mr. Stark, please..let me go.”
Steve was shaking under the intense gazes. He desperately wants to run out of the apartment and hide, but he knew he can never run from the situation.
Steve blinked. “W-What do you mean?”
Steve sighed as he goes to the kitchen to get water. “Wanda, isn’t your brother waiting for you at home?”
"Look! I don't exactly know which room. But I know he is in there!"
Natasha sighed. "Look, there's no time. I feel bad enough for hiding this from you guys and I'm really sorry. But I'm not gonna risk anyone of you guys since you guys matter to Steve the most."
"ARGH!" James threw the glass towards the fireplace causing the fire to grow bigger. He massaged his temple to calm down. Those big innocent blue eyes..before they would always look at him with such tenderness, admiration and adoration like he was a hero. Now, it just looked at him with tears welled up in fear.
“Damn it.” Tony was right on his heels.
“Of course, Bucky would kill them if you said yes and those bodies of Alphas would never be found. What we’re surprised is that you accepted this one.” Peggy said as she plopped down besides Steve helping him to find an outfit.
“No, it’s not. An Omega should never be treated like this. Everyone should be treated equally.”
Steve grabbed his wrist, a little panicked. “You’re not leaving me, right?”
Steve cuts her off with a sad smile. "That's exactly it. You don't know how it feels. The feeling of losing the other half of you. Your soulmate. That star in your life that you depend on to guide you."
“It’s settled.” Tony walked in like the powerful influential man he is.
Steve gulps. He did not like where this is going but pushed the feeling away. "Yeah, that would be me. W-Where is-"
Steve trembled, suddenly remembered what happened. “I-It just happened…”
“This is the thing I wanna avoid! Ugh..” Steve stood up from the bed. “I’m gonna get dressed.”
Pietro looks at her weirdly. "What's wrong with Steve?"
"He applied for a job there and got it. On his first day he got harassed by that CEO." Natasha said.
Natasha blushed a little. "Look, that is considered a bonus if it really does happen. But I'm really serious about her artist friend though, when she introduced me to him. Steve Rogers. He's mad talented. His paintings are one of a kind. He gives you this different perspective of art and beauty."
Sam scoffed. "So Nat was lying..all this time."
"Guys, enough! Pepper do you have any leads?" Happy turned to Pepper.
"M-May I help you sir?" Steve tried to be cool but his voice betrayed him.
"Oh, right he hates you."
“Let him rest.” He said calmly.
“I thought I told you to take it slow. The roses would be enough for now.”
“Huh?” Pepper pulls away.
“Come on Tony, spill it.” Natasha smirks. “I know this dinner is not the only thing you’re serious about.”
Steve laughs a little. "Still surprised that you managed to convince me into this."
“I-I want to go back.” Steve said softly.
“And robbed me of my freedom?” Steve looked at him sadly.
"I h-hate you.." Steve pants. His body felt as if he was on fire, craving the Alpha's sensual touches, making his mind in a haze.
"Yeah!" Wanda quickly went to her bag and pulled her laptop, giving it to Peter.
“No, Steve! I’m basically trying to tell you that you don’t have to prove so hard to the society that you’re more than your Biology. Just be you. I know it sucks cause there are still uneducated people around but like it or not, you are an Omega. I’m not saying that you should act like one. Hell! I think you’re amazing that you don’t stick with it. But you still can’t change the fundamentals…you know…the Biology part. Forcing yourself on heavy duty things can and will take a toll on you. Please Steve, I don’t want you to get hurt. I’ve seen you go through enough of shit during our university days and I don’t want that to happen again.” He sighed.
Bucky smiles adoringly. "You never change huh?" Steve looked at him weirdly.
“Tony! What the hell are you doing?!” Pepper screamed.
Steve was just speechless at that point. Bucky may be tough and rough but he is still a nice guy at heart. Never in his right mind he would think that Bucky would be involved in this sort of activities.
"Too bad, you're missing out."
“They’re..both outside. But don’t worry, they are not allowed in here. There a few guards outside.”
“T-Tony..”
Pietro sighed. "It's complicated. No one can defy that man without consequences. He is not the worst man I've met but..When I said he is a bad man, he is bad. People who work for him have to be loyal. I mean betrayal is like a death sentence I guess."
"Ow!"
"Will you just take a sec to look at these paintings! I can assure you they're amazing. Keep in mind that this is coming from me."
Bucky quickly pinned both Steve's hand on top of his head. He buried himself between his neck and collarbone as his other hand tugged on his collar to expose the skin more. He places wet kisses as much as he can and starts to suck.
Thor smirked. "Didn't force them but I think they took it very well."
'Fuck..Barnes is going to cut my head off.' Natasha sighed as he looked out the window.
Steve felt a little relief at that. Maybe he was overthinking. Being in a big city and noticed by a giant company in the United States and all.
"Careful Steve, you're going to be dead tired with her around."
He sighed again. Damn it, he would not stand not knowing his precious Omega’s wellbeing right this very second. He pulled out his phone and went to speed dial.
Steve smiled at the scene. He is going to miss the 4 them hanging out in a while.
"My God, suck it up." She sighs as she skillfully open the door with a tool and got inside.
“Check.”
“Candles?”
“Barnes?!” Pepper exclaimed.
"Your...club?" Steve looked at Bucky confused.
"There are some buildings where we meet to deal with Barnes' people. Maybe we could find something there."
“Steve…why do I smell an Alpha on you?”
"Yeah we will follow you." Sam joined in.
Pietro and Natasha looked at him in horror.
“What in the world just happen?” Peggy exclaimed.
Well, Natasha had a point. He never lets anyone go near the floor of his collection, not even his trusted people like Happy, Natasha and Pepper. The room means a lot to Tony. A lot of the collection was admired by his late father. He may not have the best childhood but he does want to keep some parts of what his dad love.
"Just put me down please."
James growled inwardly. "You don't get to tell me what to do Romanoff." With that, he slammed the door to his office.
Steve nodded eagerly. "We should."
"Please! We need extreme help from Mr. Stark. He has all the advanced technology and everything that will help search Steve faster. We need his expertise." Peter was desperate at this point and continued. "Steve could get really hurt. Please...he's the only friend that understands me despite the fact we just met."
Tony glared. "Now why would I do that?"
“No!”
Natasha smirked. "Like you just want to eat him up." Tony growled, clicking his tongue.
"JARVIS, pour me a Scotch."
"It's not that simple."
Bucky turned to Steve. "Thank you so much for the dinner tonight baby. It was a really nice gift of us hanging out together." Bucky places wet kisses on Steve's neck, tracing up to his lips.
Steve glared. "I have a name, you hormonal Alpha." He spatted rudely, shocking both Peter and Happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, then that should be enough."
"Welcome. I mean, you guys are practically married anyway. You guys have been literally acting like one." Sam shrugged.
Tony groaned, banged his head on the car window and looked at Pietro next to him. "Reach that friend of yours yet?"
"Yeah..okay." He took a deep breath to calm himself.
"Yeah well, most of them just tell me to always wear suppressants especially when nearing heats. My school is literally 85% Alphas and Betas combined. As much as they would love to help, it couldn't be helped that Omegas just attracts Alphas." He shrugged. "But I know I shouldn't complain that much, I mean there are even Omegas that have been through physical harm, sexual harassment and even..rape."
Tony abruptly sat up, chair falling behind him. “Ome-I mean Steve – I mean- Mr.Rogers-“
When Bucky entered, he did not expect to see someone he thought he fired with an unfamiliar youngster.
"Romanoff, have you set up my meeting with Steve Rogers?" He said seriously.
"Hey, to be clear they practically volunteered."
"It's my idea for wanting to him to have a solo moment."
"Well, you're practically going to leave me for  a few years."
“T-Thank you!” Steve gives out a small bag that he has been clasping on.
“That is actually pretty smart and cool.”
Bucky smirked and leans down to whisper in his ear. “That’s more like it sweetheart.”
"Again. I agree with her." Cause really, Natasha is a scary woman.
“Nah, you didn’t do anything wrong.” He pulled away. “Come on, you need some sleep buddy.”
"What's he like?" Tony asked eagerly. As much as he loves the paintings and drawings. He can't help to be more interested in the artist behind it. Even Happy is amuse at the desperate tone in his voice.
"There was just something...dark about him." Peter shook his head. "I don't know but I know he's going to hurt Steve. I still lack in experience, I can't do it by myself."
“And don’t worry about your friends. They’re in good hands.”
Tony was just as stunned, mouth agape. It took quite a while as they were in trance until the door to the elevator was about to close. Tony immediately stopped it with his foot.
"Are you freaking kidd-"
Natasha could pick up his worry and tries to calm Steve down. "Steve please, don't think too much about it-"
"Just Steve would be great. "
"Seriously? You're literally doing all of this and yet you won't tell me what is going on? You are not making my worry reduced."
Tony melted at the sight. He reluctantly let go of his arms and sighed.
“Huh? Oh! Mr. Stark! I’m sorry-“
“Are you telling me he is alone?” He said lowly.
“He is suffocated by your strong pheromones. Omegas could not handle those type of heat sometimes. It can be a shock to them especially when it’s sudden.” Happy was walking away with agents helping him to carry Steve.
Nat raised her brow in amusement and turned to Tony. "Well, well, well, seems like someone has crush on the shy Stevie..." She whistled.
“Check.”
"Who. Is. It.?" He gritted his teeth as he look deep into his eyes.
“Well, you are Tony Stark.” Steve smiled as he looked at all decades of prototypes. “At least these stuff are in good hands. They do need someone like you to keep it safe.”
Wanda sighed. It's not like she could blame Pietro for not telling anything.
“Tony, are you kidding? You were 7 when you built this. You built a mini bulldozer on your own that needs to be powered by solar energy. And the fact that you were smart enough at the time to know that the beach is always Sunny and would give you the solar power to charge it, so that it would move under the Sun for you to build your sandcastle easier is super cool.” Steve looked at him. “Wow, they really weren’t kidding about how genius you are.” He looks at him in awe.
I MISS YOU GUYS AND I AM SO SORRY FOR THE HIATUS! Assignments are stacked and I have to set that as my priority (though fanfic will always be my life priority hehe). God I miss writing Mine all Along. I had to re-read it to know the flow again. For this chapter, can I just say @ floklo…I LOVE YOU AND THANK YOU SO MUCH MY LOVE!
Hey! I'm back I just edited a few things! If you guys have anything to say plz do give me your feedback. I would love to hear what you guys have to say!
“You know what don’t answer that either.” The Alpha threw his hands in the air, exasperated.
“Hogan, there’s still a place right in Stark Properties?”
“Thor Odinson. He was one of the famous representatives in our faculty, remember?”
“Try us.” Peggy challenged.
Bucky stopped but continued slowly. "I'm gonna guess Romanoff told you everything about my line of work?"
Bucky' roamed his eyes all over his body from head to toe. "I love it doll face.." And Steve smiles innocently and blushes so hard at his Alpha's comment, happy that he could satisfy him.
“Ah..ah..Hnnggh” Steve pants heavily.
Bucky smirked in between kisses. "Your body says otherwise." He continued to the other side of his neck and tug his shirt a little until he froze.
Steve followed the instruction and felt slightly better, especially with the young Omega soothing his back. "S-Sorry, you shouldn't have seen that. I reacted very unprofessional."  He sighed.
Happy sighed in relief then looked at Peter. “And you will go home.” He said sternly.
"What?" He gritted his teeth.
“You do know I can kill you off right now, right?” He growled.
"Life tends to give you shit." He answered lazily.
"We know buddy." Peggy smiles and pats his shoulder.
"Seriously..is everyone having smoke bomb with them now...." Happy managed to take his flashlight and light the way through the smoke.
“Well, I want you to pack your things and come with me.”
"Steve, do you want anything? Sam is at the grocery store, I can call him if you want-"
Sam rolled his eyes. 'Great. Just great.'
"Keep me updated on Steve."
“No, I’m the one who should. Please, let me make it up to you. I’m so sorry. I know it really surprised you.”
"I don't think it would be any use considering those two Alphas are powerful and influential. Can you believe that one of them is Tony Stark, the cocky billionaire?"
Bucky clawed the sides of Steve's hips, making him whimper with blue eyes begging the Alpha to stop.
Tony with a shaky breath looked deep in the blue eyes. “Steve, you have no idea what you do to me.”
Thor looked at Sam and Wanda. "Remember all the events that I lead? I was in charge of the funds so I had to find a lot of sponsors. And somehow I got contacts from friends who knows that Stark guy and from there, he sponsors most of our programs."
Wanda nodded and followed Pietro out the door. "I'm gonna call Sam to see if he could reach Steve or Nat."
Natasha rolled her eyes. "If he can make a Beta like me to want to eat him. I'm sure you would mount him the moment you see him. And Tony I've met him. He's not like other Omegas. He's a gentle soul."
Steve nodded to which Natasha smiled. "Go rest okay? You need it."
The Alphas got out of the club as soon as the cab drove off.
DOUBLE UPDATE WOOO
Steve blushed. "I just want to make sure everything is perfect". He whispered.
Steve grabbed his arm and soothes him. “Hey, it’s fine. Don’t worry about me.”
Tony just finds all his behaviours so cute that his chest felt so warm. "Yeah, well I kinda mean it that you can't live here anymore."
Now that he thought about it. It brought the question on why he let the Omega know a very deep part of him so easily. He had not realized it until now. He just felt the need to. Heck, he is ecstatic that he shared that part of him.
Steve gasped and happily runs to the door. Peggy and Sam gave each other a look.
“But-“
"Well, yeah but Natasha told me that she would sometimes come over to accompany him."
Well Bucky can never say no to Steve especially when he is pleading so sweetly to him.
Tony yanked his arm from Happy harshly to go after Steve.
"Yeah, I can do this." He said confidently.
Tony pulled his hair in frustrations. He knew he screwed up but he can't help it. There was something about that beautiful Omega that just draws him in and couldn't even think rationally.
"I was taught to not eat berries off the bushes."
“Steve..” Tony gave a playful look at Steve to which the latter blushes.
Double update!! Let's welcome Pietro, Peggy and Clint!!
Steve shook his head vigorously. "N-No..please.." He pleaded, curling himself into a ball.
"Then we'll help too." Wanda said as she grabbed Pietro's arm.
"Tony!" Happy went to his side to analyze the wound.
“Sam Wilson. A year older than Steve. Went to the same university at Stanford. Met at club activities a lot. I made a few researches and it seems like they’re always glued together. Natasha probably didn’t notice him since he graduated first and that’s when you found him and asked Natasha to spy on him.”
“O-Oh God…Bucky..” Steve rolled his eyes as the Alpha’s tongue skillfully licks and flicks his nipple.
“Steve, I’m so sorry! I don’t know what came over me. It was such a sudden-“
Peggy grinned evilly. "I knew I liked you from the moment Steve introduced you."
Tony ran to Steve’s side to check up on him.
“Damn it.”
Without looking up, he readily took a glass and asked a question. "What would you like sir?"
“Sam, do you have a hammer?”
"Yeah you guys would."
Steve looked at him in disbelief. "Are you-"
"Indeed. Though I won't deny that sometimes he seems to be able to protect himself. He is a very determined thing isn't he? I'm always impressed at how capable he is in handling those situations. When I want to step in it seems like he settles it."
Before anyone could react Happy bolted his way to the Omega and grabbed Steve tightly. The Alphas were furious but before they could say anything he held up his hand.
“That does not mean you are not the greatest artist.”
“I insist. Can I call you Steve?” He says with such a sweet and polite tone that Steve just nodded.
Natasha raised her brows. “Really Tony? Do I need to remind you what happen today?”
"Thor!"
"And I'm not going anywhere with you either Bucky." As he turned to him.
Steve was trying to keep himself calm of what's to come. The room was dim-litted as well but he could still make out the fancy victorian decor and furnishing. But something about the room made him feel goosebumps.
Pietro was running for his life, making unknown turns here and there through blocks. He was so grateful that his years of experience in spy training paid off. He knows the Alpha is furious by now and will haunt him down and kill him off.
"So, what's the plan here?" Clint asked.
Clint thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Whoever the hell that woman is could be dangerous. She works with Barnes! Steve probably doesn't know the danger he is in."
“Oh, she can go?” Tony looked Happy. “By the way, who the hell does she think she is?”
Steve's eyes were wide open at the statement and thrashed his head. "No! Bucky you're not thinking straight..ahh!" Steve gasped as he felt a hand slides through the back of his jeans. The fingers smooth over his globes, massaging it. With his free hand Steve was trying to pry Bucky's hand away.
"Yeah, don't think that's a good idea Tony." Happy agreed. "All three of us will meet him tomorrow."
The Alpha in the room did not seem to be pleased that someone has stolen the Omega’s attention. He cleared his throat which made the rest focus on him again. Steve felt uncomfortable with the sudden change of mood from the Alpha. Why did he seem a little upset? He did notice that he was unconsciously cowering beside him.
They both walked towards the gallery they were in minutes ago like it never happened.
"It's him isn't it? Stark." He said with such disgust and venom that Steve knew a war is about to happen. And this time it will involve blood.
"Uhm, do you need any help?" A very friendly guy, slightly shorter than him asked.
"Stark Industries."
"Hey, your paintings will be awed by everyone. And I'm sure Bucky would want you to do this. I know for a fact that he would be the one to drive you there so that you could showcase your art to everyone."
It kind of startled Peter. "O-Oh uhmm.." He said as he was trying to concentrate while on the screen while answering him. "Well, been doing this since I was a kid I guess...Been into coding and programming ever since my late parents bought me my first computer. Curious with how it works and all. Wait why do you wanna know? And why am I telling you this?" Peter shook his head and continues to work on the codes.
“Mr. Stark please…” Steve pleaded.
Wanda was silently praying, hoping that this will work. Sam patted her back while whispering soothing words that it is going to work.
“That’s…Tony, w-why? Why me?”
They reached Grand Central and Peggy squealed. "Oh my gosh, we're here!"
"Look, we gotta try. We'll stop if it goes wrong."
"Yeah that poor Omega!" Happy was furious. "I'm not gonna lie Tony, but I thought you were better than this. Well, you're definitely an asshole but I know you won't do this kind of thing."
Tony smiles. “Come, I would like to show you something.” Tony slides his hand around Steve’s waist. Before Steve could say anything, too stunned that he was being ushered or maybe being dragged to an elevator by basically the one of the most influential Alpha in America to date.
"Then why are you still not claiming him?"
Happy and Pepper looked at him, worriedly.
Sam felt heartbroken at the sight. He completely detest everything that came out of his mouth just now but after calming down and digest Wanda’s suggestion, he thinks that it could work to protect Steve from those 2 Alphas.
“What? That is some accusation there Romanoff.” The Alpha didn’t even lift his eyes from the glass that he is currently swirling around.
Steve looked blankly at his pile of clothes. Why did he accept it? Suddenly, Bucky’s face emerges in his mind. Sadness was plastered on his face and Peggy and Sam knew they shouldn’t bring that up. Both Betas comforts the Omega with their soothing scent as Steve lets out scent of distressed.
“Don’t worry, I won’t bite.”
"That is basically the whole damn neighbourhood."
"No clue. Pietro kinda has a hunch. Steve and Nat didn't pick up. It's not like 'em."
“Sir, Miss Romanoff is urgently requesting Mr. Roger’s and your presence in your office.”
Natasha sighed and pats his thigh. "Look, it's okay. Don't think about it to much alright? Get some rest."
"Pietro is not picking up!" Wanda whined.
“Even if it’s only for a few hours?” Steve asked softly.
“You’re going into heat Stevie.” He smirked and wipes some sweat off of the Omega’s forehead.
“What!?”
Natasha looked at him confused. "Wait, why are you apologizing for?"
Tony was definitely boiling by then that even Happy could feel it radiating around. “Let. Him. Go.” He growled. He let out a very heavy pheromone of a furious Alpha wanting to fight.
"Wait, pfft! Me? Jealous? Please!"
"I mean you did have a crush on Steve when you first met him." Peggy smirked.
"Owww! Stop! Ugh!" She slapped his hands away and glared. "Do that again and I will punch you."
"Well, it's pretty serious. You know our new guy in the Management Department?"
"Look let's drop it for now. I'll tell you later. Where's Steve? Is he alone at his apartment now?" He asked concerned.
"Absolutely not." Sam and Wanda said, unhappy.
"Exactly, I'll give you 2 options. Either you quit or you continue but only serve me in this very room. You're forbidden to go around doing other jobs at the club except for serving me."
“You know what don’t answer that.” He clicked his tongue.
"But Nat! It doesn't make sen-"
"God, what is the Omega Protection Programme doing?! All these Omegas are still being treated terribly." Clint exclaimed.
Sam smirked. He was not one of those people who would just obey any Alpha’s command. It was kind of an unspoken thing where Betas and Omegas are obliged to listen Alphas as they are considered superior. He had always thought that it was bullshit. “Honestly, I would like to see you try.”
"By doing what?"
"Well maybe you don't know him that well. There is a saying that you can't judge a book by it's a cover."
Most of them gave disgusted faces at Peggy.
Happy nodded. "I agree. His skills and deliverance are top-notch."
Steve whimpered under the touch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t talk to her like that Stark.” Natasha growled and stood next to her. Peggy may or may not have blushed at that.
Sam and Wanda nodded until a knock was on the door. Steve quickly got up to get it, trying to run away from the situation. He opened the door to find Natasha holding Panda Express plastic in her hand.
"Stop this please." Steve whispered.
"When does he start?"
"We're gonna reach there in a few minutes okay?" Bucky kissed Steve's hand and rubbed it gently as if it was a delicate flower.
“Holy, what kind of hospital is this?!” Wanda looked around the hospital.
Pepper nodded as she search places with the given information on the modern hologram screen. Wanda and Sam were just awed at the technology in front of them. “Alright, so I am searching for any property that Barnes or his father might have purchased temporarily or permanently in the whole New York.”
“Correct. Now may I ask, what intentions do you have with Steve?” The Alpha looked at him seriously.
Steve blushed at her comment which Natasha chuckled. "He said that you are his Omega and he wants you to be protected at all times. Not going to lie most of us would never even thought that he had a heart."
“I think you kinda know the gist, beforehand right?”
"Thank you Nat."
"You know Mr. and Mrs. Barnes are coming back from their business trip next week . They want to discuss about the wedding. Mrs. Barnes especially wants to take me out to find the perfect suit and bridal thing or something. Since you're my maid of honour, can you come with me and help me out?"
“Well, I guess..”
"Shh, it's okay.You don't need to explain for your action. I'm the one that has to." She took a deep breath and notice that Steve was staring at her. She cleared her throat and gently caressed her fingers against Steve's hand.
Steve reluctantly shook his head.
Happy mentally groaned. He is gonna have a sore back at this rate.
"And lastly, here is the management department. Basically your office. These 2 weeks are busy for us so many will be out stationed. You're only left with our intern for now. Still in high school but mark my words he's a great kid. Well, minus his..uhm..overly energetic self."
“Sam!” She went to Sam and hugged him smiling.
“I’m glad you’re alright doll face.” Bucky’s sultry voice turned Steve’s leg into jelly that doesn’t know if he could stand up straight any longer.
As if the Heavens heard him, the elevator opened and revealed Happy, Sam and Peggy. The two best friends looked relief and happy when they saw Steve but immediately frowned when they could scent the smell of distress from Steve.
Natasha snaps out of it and smiled. “Well, I got to give credit to your friend Peggy too for reaching out to me.” She motioned towards Peggy and winked. Peggy looked away, blushing.
"Well, maybe the way you put it seems like you're trying to buy him like some property."
"Oh, just making sure that my Omega is protected and of course to have a drink while I'm at it." Bucky smirked.
Happy sighed for the hundredth time.
"Why do you think he is running away huh?"
Bucky smirked as he murmured against Steve's nipple. "Your instinct is reacting to me Steve."
"Have you not seen your boss' true colours yet? Don't you know what he did to Steve? If we ask for his help, I know he will take advantage of it one way or another and he will take Steve."
Sam and Peggy were also right behind them, not liking what the Alpha is doing to their Omega friend.
“You promised!”
“Uhm…what’s happening?” Wanda looked at Sam bewildered.
Bucky growled and pulled Steve closer to him that Steve had to hold onto Bucky's shoulder. "God I know baby. But I just can't live with the thought of you being surrounded by hungry Alphas when I'm in the army."
“Check or not?” Tony growled at Natasha.
The Alpha ignored the Beta, too focused on the beautiful in front of him. He took a step forward towards the Omega. "You submitted to me Steve..." He smirked, arms extending to reach him.
“Come on, I think it is time to talk about your show. Let’s go to my office.” He said hurriedly to hide his embarrassment.
“Look, Steve. Do you still want to go to that job with a boss that harassed you?” Sam looked at him worriedly.
Pietro looked at Sam and smiled. “What’s up Sam?” Pietro and Sam hugged.
"Tell me what I didn't get? You changed.. you were not-"
“Mmmhh-please Bucky stop.- mmhhh” Steve could not get a word when the Alpha kept invading his mouth every chance he gets. Tongue swirling, making Steve’s head spin in the most pleasurable way possible and Bucky knows it.
Pietro felt the heavy air and tried to lighten up the mood. "So, how was the meet up with your friends just now. Seems like you were pretty enthusiastic to go. What did you guys do?"
Sam sighed. “Steve, that was not was I going to say.”
"For heaven's sake Bucky! He is a child!"
Happy seemed please to see his friend/boss melting because of Omega Steve. “Well, you have to sort out that tomorrow yourself, alright?”
“I’m not a baby.”
“See, I don’t know him that well too but he seems respectful.” Wanda looked at Sam.
"Tony calm down! I may be a Beta but I can smell his fear. It was strong."
"Look you heard it too. He is dangerous and slick. We don't need anymore innocents in line."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you alright?” A beautiful red head helped Peter up.
Peter nodded. “Don’t worry Miss Potts. Well, the thing is it was a mistake.”
"Someone that you do not want to get on his bad side."
"You guys may not like this idea but I think it will be faster and easier, if we ask for Mr. Stark for help-"
“Actually, according to Sam, it’s because of Alphas.”
Bucky melted at his adorable Omega and pulled him in to kiss him passionately. He lets go when Steve was out of breath. "Of course sweetheart. And I expect you to wait for me like a good little Omega. You're going to welcome me home and give me a special  present in the bedroom, right Omega?" He smirked.
"Steve's favourite place has always been Brooklyn since he was born and raised there. If Nat was the one taking him then I don't know where she could be. I mean we barely know her apparently." Sam scoffed at the last sentence.
"No-"
Steve could not even look at the engraving letters on the grave. His face was stained with dried tears, lips trembling. "T-This is not true." He shook his head.
“Mr. Stark please, I-I don’t think this is a good idea.” Steve continues to walk away from Tony to which the latter quickly stood in front of him.
"Oh shut it Wilson."
“Yeah, plus I don’t want ruin your night. Need to get back anyway.” Sam said.
Bucky laughed while Steve blushes so hard that he was like a tomato.
“Because I want him and I want others to know that as well.”
Bucky's eyes darken and he automatically lets out a strong pheromone to dominate Steve.
"Peter, let's go. This park is dangerous of hormonal Alphas." Steve grabbed his wrist and quickly pulled him away from the scene.
“Actually, I did plan on coming here to surprise both of you until I got your text. Good thing I booked an early ticket.”
'He's cute-shut the hell up Wade he is a kid damn it!' He sighs. 'God, what's wrong with me?' He cleared his throat as he starts to speak softly. "Where'd you learn all this kid?"
"Oh hell nah! Stop your mushy and bedroom thing in front of us." Sam said in disgust
Steve just looked at him in disbelief. "Is this your nice way of kidnapping me?"
Rumlow even stood behind him to block him which made Steve nervous.
"I..have a proposition." Steve bit his lip. He didn't know why he would offer this but he had no choice.
Bucky fisted his hand till his knuckles were white. He hates the thought of his Omega going alone but he knows how stubborn his Omega can be when he makes up his mind. And he is not going to let this chance of his Omega submitting to him willingly pass up.
“No. You don’t test me.”
Natasha whistled. "I hope so. Been trying to get her for a year though."
"I can't! He is mine! I will never let him out of my side anymore."
During lunch, Peter brought Steve to a food truck at a park not far from the Stark Tower. "This taco truck is the bomb! You should try the shrimp oh wait the beef is good too but surprisingly the vegan ones are great too." Peter kept on rambling about the food.
Steve was speechless. "Bucky...but you were going to forcefully claim-"
“Kid?” Tony looked confused and raised his eyebrow.
“Thank you for helping me out.” Steve smiled and then frowned. “Oh, God the bills. I’m so sorry, my mind was blanked just now..I-I forgot to tell you-“
"Look. Honestly, I can't tell you but since I don't trust Stark with Steve and you seem like a good friend of Steve. Well, he kinda ran away from the club when Tony and Barnes suddenly showed up."
"I guess so. Still nervous though."
"Yeah.. about that. He's not exactly on board with it. I mean at least not yet."
Peggy sighed. "God, how could this happen again."
“Bucky, w-what are you saying?” Steve whispers tiredly.
Peggy and Sam were automatically in protective mode.
"You don't get it!" He looked at Steve.
"You are not going to hurt a kid Bucky! I won't allow that."
"I can't trust him-"
"But Steve and you would be in danger." Wanda said worriedly.
"Long story." Pietro answered this time which made Sam looks confused.
"Well yeah, but I can't help but wonder what you do since you keep sending chunks of money to me."
Steve and Sam looked at her in shocked. “No!”
“Step away from the Omega, Barnes.” Happy said.
"How?" The rest looked at him in eager
Sam looked at him attentively. "Wait..you-"
“Oh, you must be Sam Wilson. Right this way.” The nurse leads the way and the man was right on her heels.
"How could you not tell us Nat?" Nat could hear the pain in his voice.
Steve's eyes widened and gasped when he remembered the hickey Tony gave him. "A-Alpha..." He whimpered in fear.
Thor laughed. "Well, no Omegas should ever be treated like that. All of us should be well respected."
“Who do you think you are?” It was Wanda who was sounding to piss someone off.
"Nat, I tried. He is very persistent as you can see. And you know him...he doesn't like it when he does not get what he wants." He whispers.
“I just want to apologize on behalf of Tony especially for what he did. And basically, what you’re going through today.”
"What? That you've been lying to me this whole time?!"
"He's missing?!"
“Please Sam. Don’t go there. You’re going to get hurt.” A well-known fact in the society that Alphas are always and will always be on top and there is no stopping them to win. Alphas have the upper hand in terms of strength and no one could overpower them. Usually death was at the end of the rope if it turns brutal. “It’s all my fault.”
“Well, it’s not if there’s a lot of proof.”
"Yes and the red haired girl named Natasha Romanoff took him with her. I'm going to assume she is a friend of yours too?"
"Oh, I've seen him once. He has a slightly long hair, blue eyes. And definitely has looks that could kill." Well, that fit the description of James Barnes.
“Pietro has a night shift this week anyway. Told him that I’m gonna have a sleepover with you and he’ll pick me up tomorrow. Now, spill.”
why hello! so sorry you had to wait so long! Assignments and with the Covid-19 outbreak and all. Please stay safe everyone. Since we're in lock down I might be able to update frequently i hope.
Steve laughed. "Sure mom!" He got up and went to the kitchen to put wash the mugs. After that, he searched for his phone only to find its battery died. He wanted to make a call with his landlord to talk about the situation that Tony put him in. He just sighs thinking about it. Plus, he also needed to call Sam and Wanda to make an excuse of why he might not be at home. They tend to make a 'surprise visit' to hangout which Steve knows they just want to make sure he is okay. It always warms his heart to how sweet they are.
“Yeah!” Peter agreed.
“Steve! Where the hell have you been?” Sam looked at him pissed. “You’re supposed to take a day off today.”
Steve sighed as he wiped some glass. "I don't know if you can tell, but I'm working."
"I want you to help me save my friend from whoever that horrible Alpha is!"
“But I need to know names.”
"Believe it or not it's our talent."
"I don't know yet but lately I feel like he's not in his right mind especially after both your encounter together. It didn't feel good, I want to take you far away from him. And that's what brought us now."
"Come on let's go in the car."
"Not all of them are bad Steve."
Natasha had the same expression ever since she saw him. “Maximoff?”
Steve raised a brow and laughed a little.
"Well, if she's so nice why is she working with a person like Barnes or Bucky or whatever his name is." Sam scoffed.
Tony smirked. “Well, remind me to give you a bonus then.”
Wanda looked behind him to see if the Alphas followed him and sighed in relief when she saw no one.
“Cause it’s true. I’m gonna call someone to send you home.”
“You know, you should be grateful that I’m not ripping your head off right now.” The Alpha with the long hair growled.
Bucky trapped him against the wall and caressed his cheek lovingly. "Because I want you Steve. I love you." He rests his forehead against Steve's as he lets out a comforting scent. "I love you baby."
"Lets be honest, we're Omegas...of course we go through shit but I'm grateful I haven't gone through those really worse experience like some Omegas unfortunately went through. I just usually get cornered and catcalled...a lot." Peter just stared at his food.
Tony swiftly wrapped his arm around his waist tightly and nuzzled his face in the crook of his neck, scenting him. His mouth opened, teeth almost scraping the skin.
"Hngh! God! Ah! Ah! Bucky!"
"He can do that?" Steve asked.
Steve didn't know how to react. "I-I don't-"
"You will promise to not harm Nat right?" His voice was soft and slow to try and not anger the Alpha.
"Guys, come on my cousin just texted me." Sam rests his hand on Steve's shoulder. Steve looks up at all buildings and skyscrapers, smiling.
"You only went out for groceries you idiot." Peggy rolled her eyes.
“Steve. Do you know them? Who are they?” Sam asked seriously.
“Really?” Tony asked almost hopeful as he stared at Steve who was looking around the machines and gadgets, intrigued.
“Hnghh..” Steve started to thrash around a little. He slowly opened his eyes and blinked to adjust the lighting in the room. “Ugh..” He massaged his head. He suddenly remembered the incident earlier and Sam visited him. “Sam..” He looked around the room a little panicked. He doesn’t know why but his body was reacting on its own. He started to sob and getting out of the bed.
“Steve…” Wanda slowly approached Steve who looked away from Sam and the nurse.
"What sort of trades? But knowing Barnes, must be a lot of weapons."
Steve bit his bottom lip, scared and shook his head. "No."
Steve gave a mild gasped and blushed so hard that redness was spread all over his cheek.
She sighed. “He’s still working too hard huh?”
Peggy tilts Steve’s head to check for any bruises. She then whipped her head at Tony. “What did you do?”
"Yeah...we kinda bump into Stark's people and found out. They didn't have him."
Wade sighed. "Kid, let's go. We're both dead at this point. So, there's no poi-"
"With Barnes." Pepper cleared her throat.
But it was because of Steve, she feels a sense of calm and belonging. When she meets Steve and his circle of friends, she felt like a normal person.
"Well desperate times calls for desperate measure."
Steve was shocked. "W-What?"
Bucky loves the view he is seeing. His Omega panting, and begging, skin blushes in reddish pink through the heat and arousal, eyes glistening as it was pooled with tears, lips red and trembling. The collar around his neck is everything he dreamed of; his Steve, his Omega chained to him for life. His thought is making him go wild.
Tony was stunned. “What the….Steve!” He bolted out of the elevator to see no sign of the cute blonde. “Damn he’s fast. God he’s something.” He sighed. “JARVIS, please monitor Steve Rogers going down the stairs and report to me immediately about his safety. Immediately.” He said sternly. Every fibre in his being is screaming to chase down the beautiful Omega but he knew if he did, it would make him uncomfortable and the matter worse. But he could not afford to let him go home alone especially it’s going to be night soon. Why was he alone at this hour? Why would anyone let him be alone? He at least thought that he would be with that Parker kid.
"Yeah,..until you get so star-struck by a picture of him. Yeah, I can't trust you with him alone. Who knows what you will do to that poor thing." Nat said firmly.
"Ah! Ow..please it hurts."
Wanda hold Steve’s hand. “He’s right Steve. At this point, I don’t think I can sleep knowing that you’re practically in danger everyday.”
“You don’t know that. So please, just leave it to me. I ‘ll clean my own mess.”
“Y-You don’t know where you are huh?” Happy looked at him.
"I kinda know Barnes, eventhough I deal a lot with Natasha. But still we've delt with some business. I think I might know how to save Steve. It'll be even better if Natasha teams up with me too."
"Why do you want me to help you?" Wade looked at him tiredly.
"Okay, too much!" Happy closed his eyes and opens them again. "Peggy would be jealous. She seems to have a thing for you too." Happy gives her a playful look.
Bucky smirked.
"Then try harder." With that she rolled her eyes.
“Apologize.” Steve said sternly but his eyes were pleading.
"W-What? I uhm.." Happy and Natasha gave him a look.
Nat groaned in frustration. She knows Tony is going to fuck this up.
"Just tell her I'm fine."
"Well you better start to familiarize with him. He just likes it when people you know....see him like this kind of rock star."Happy rolled his eyes.
He wished he was an Alpha. Maybe if he was one, he could have claim him and be with him, protect him and support him. Of course, he was only a mere Beta. It was only a matter of time till Steve found himself an Alpha that will always be with him. Also, knowing Steve, he hates people being protective of him 24/7. Taking advantage of the time he has, he will stay with Steve until he found his mate.
As he gets near the park his heartbeat speeds up rapidly. 'You can do it...It's just Bucky.'
Natasha rolled her eyes. "Plus, please confess to him like ASAP. The team complained how you're always on a freaking rut just thinking about Steve. Your rut ruins their mood."
Wanda tilted her head and looked utterly confused, wondering who the other people in the room were.
"Well Steve was not entirely on board with this. But, they kinda want Steve to have this like Alpha-guardian-but-not-a-real-mate-thing going on with Steve."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Spill. Now.” Wanda crossed her arms as she comfortably sat on Steve’s couch, crossing her legs.
Steve looked weirdly at Wanda and went to the living room. He looked at his reflection until he saw a reddish pink mark at the side of his neck near his ear. “No…”
“Look, it was nothing. It was a slip of the tongue.”
The rest looked at Tony since he has been with him the whole time. Peggy went to Tony, angrily huffed. “What did you do to him?”
"Steve."
“Yeah, everything is here.” He placed a huge hard treasure box on the floor of his office and went out.
He snapped out of his trance when he felt hands moving around under his shirt against his skin. "B-Bucky stop!" He tried to unlatch the roaming hands but the Alpha was back hugging him so tightly it was almost impossible.
"Fine." Wanda kept quiet and looked out the window. Her phone suddenly rang and picked up. "Sam."
“I need to make sure he accepts me.” Tony walked towards his desk and sat on the table, crossing his arm.
Bucky scoffed and looked at Tony. “Wow you really should train your workers better.”
"Y-Yeah.." Steve quickly hung up and puts the phone on the table, shakily. "What did I just do.." He whispered.
He murmurs against his skin.
Steve looked up at Sam in horror. “No! That is the one thing that I wanted you to be on my side!.” Steve looked at Sam as if he betrayed him.
"Wow." Was all the Alpha said as he was awestruck by the beauty the Omega holds. If only the Omega knows how good he smells to the Alpha right now and how he is making him crazy. Tony took off his sunglasses and still stares at him. He could not believe how the Omega is even more beautiful in real life. The eyes are bluer and gosh... his lips are pinkier.
Pietro nodded. “Same.” He looked around and saw a familiar red haired.
“Wanda?!” Steve smile wide and sat up.
"You're not the boss of this place. You don't get to call the shot."
"Now that I think about it, I don't really know. I mean he is just very reserved that he does thing without saying much. He's always busy meeting people. Heard from my late mom that he helped flourish the young entrepreneurs in New York with their businesses."
Tony growled.
James raised his brow, face turned dark. “Belongs to Stark?” He scoffed. “I think you got that one entirely wrong Hogan. Steve has always been mine.” He growled.
Tony gave a breathy laugh. “Then, can you explain why do you still have the roses I gave you this morning.” He motioned his head towards the flowers at his living room behind him.
"Stark Industries."
"He doesn't like it when people see him this way but it can't be helped that he looks the part. Law enforcement sees him as the Mafia. You never heard of it in the media cause he is good at covering up. But the police have been keeping an eye on him."
"Of course I trust you. It's them I don't trust baby. They will take advantage of you when I'm not around." He growled.
That put Steve out of his daze and pushed Bucky away. "Stop!" He breathed heavily. "You did that on purpose..." He whispered.
hey2 im back. this chap is just gonna be on buck and steve. anyway stay tune!! comment n subscribe
“Well, I just want this fantastic artist right here to get comfortable with me.” Tony smiled at Steve who the latter blushed, looking down at his shoes.
This just proves to Natasha of how a pure soul Steve is. She immediately holds his free hand. "Steve, no! In fact, you have all the right to be mad at me. I hid this from you. Don't you ever think that you need to apologize for something like this."
"Do you know what kind of business he does?" Natasha asked as she took a sip of hot chocolate.
"Hun, there's nothing to be sad about. Just be proud of who you are. Just make the best out life as you possibly can."
"JARVIS. Search for Steve Rogers." he said as he drank his Scotch.
“I-I hope you you’ll enjoy the breakfast.” Steve dashes out of the office without leaving a word.
"Why are you doing this Bucky..." Steve looked away.
"Steve!" Peter hugged and sobbed in Steve's chest. "I-I was so scared.."
Sam shrugged her hand off and glared. “Can’t you see it Wanda? That Stark is taking advantage of him, trying to mark him, own him! I’m not letting that happen to Steve!”
“Promise?”
The latter rolled her eyes. “Check.”
Happy nodded. "Yeah, I think that might help." He turned to a corner and stopped. "Is this it?" He looked at the almost abandoned building but with few light on.
“For the love of God Steve! Do-“
Wanda smirked. "Yeah we tend to be over the top."
"Steve come on let's go." Bucky said as he walks towards him. "Get in the car."
Bucky nodded. “Did they have any sort of relationship? And I better hear no.” He growled.
"Oh, sorry that we hold you up. Thought you might be free on the weekends."
"Oh, it's you." Tony almost rolled his eyes when he saw Wanda standing, crossing her arms.
"Me?"
Steve manages to pull away and hold the Bucky by his shoulder. “Bucky! Please, you’re not thinking straight! Stop! Please!” He panted and one of his trembling hand cups Bucky’s cheek to soothe him. “Please…” Steve tries his best to resist but whatever Bucky put in his water earlier must be very strong as he couldn’t think straight anymore.
"What? Why?!" Tony looked pissed.
"Stevie.." Bucky said in almost disbelief. "Doll face please, tell me where you are." He pleaded.
Rumlow gave him a look. "You think? There were literally 2 Omegas on the list and Steve Rogers is Barnes's Omega while the other is Peter Parker who works with him at Stark."
She widened her eyes when she remembered about Steve's part time job. She was too preoccupied with other stuff that she forgot all about it. It also dawned on her about what Rumlow said a few days ago.
"Hey hey no flirting with the minor!" Wanda said which made Peter blushed 2 times harder.
Tony laughed a little as he shook his head. “None taken. I only collect technology stuff though. Since, they’re something relatable to me.”
Pepper cleared her throat. "Are you sure James Barnes took him?"
Sam scoffed. “Trust me. Even I still couldn’t digest the situation. Long story short, these creepy Alphas are after Steve and hell no I’m letting that happen.”
“Natasha you have only one simple job and that is to make Steve quit working for Stark.”
Tony was going to say something until Happy just gave him a look.
“N-Nothing.”
“Will do, sir and it was nice to finally meeting you Mr. Rogers.”
"Yeah...he is really beautiful." He looked at Steve's photo on his tablet again. Gosh those blue eyes really draws him to him.
"So Steve, don't worry. We'll let you have the easier mixing for the drinks for tonight alright?"
Tony ignores him and cleared his throat. "So what time do I meet him?"
Peter gently broke the hug as he hold her hand. "But I don't really know the exact place since I was kidnapped in a super dark tinted car. Even he doesn't know it since it was one of that Mafia guy's people who drove us. I'm so sorry that I don't know the exact location. But I do know it's in this big ass mansion, an hour and a half drive from here."
“Oh, you guys are more than welcome.” Natasha smiled. ‘
The Alpha growled and pulls out, strings of saliva trails around. “Why are you suppressing your moans?”
Peter looked at her confused, wanting to ask more but they reached the hospital. They walked through the lobby and pushed the door towards Steve’s ward area. Peter paused on his move when he saw 2 familiar faces.
“Check.”
"Hey, calm down. I think we should stop-"
The shy act made the Alpha purred in satisfaction to know that he made the Omega like that. On instinct, he took the Omega's hand which made the latter gasped and kissed it so tenderly, taking in all his scent and masking it with his own. He could not control it, the moment he saw him, the Alpha in him overpowers. His Alpha was marking his territory.
Sam grabbed his collar.  "Oh, you are coming with us!"
“Wait, how did he survive during high school?”
"Our room of course sweetheart." He whispered and kisses his ear, making him jolt in surprise. When they reached the door, Barnes finally opens using his thumbprint.
"For God's sake Tony, he could be hanging out with his friends! Like any normal people would do!"
Steve looked confused. "I thought Miss Potts-"
“It’s not nothing if you’re sent to a hospital! The nurse on the phone told me that you fainted due to stress. Damn it, I knew you were working too hard again.”
, place of opportunities especially known for its arts and history. People can be whatever they want. Steve has always dream of being a famous artist in New York City. Bucky have been so supportive and planned to bring Steve there. A walk in the Central Park, dancing in the streets of Times Square (he loves theater ever since he was a kid) and a sweet kiss with Bucky on the Empire State Building...
"Hmm..." She nodded seriously. "Do you think I can have both of them-"
Steve smiled. “It’s okay Peter, I’m fine. I can take care of myself. I really do appreciate though.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Steve, when I laid my eyes on your work, I was blown away. It was impeccable. Thank God I found your work.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Trust me, I'm sure he can handle it better than anyone. He's an Omega too, he can provide comfort better. Omegas are calmer among each other. Give them time."
Now Steve was even more confused. “W-What?”
Steve sighed as he remembered the event with Tony a few days ago. He shook his head as he heads out of the apartment, not forgetting to lock it. 'Just forget bout what happen and focus on doing a good job at bartending. You need a huge tip, Steve.' He thought. He hopes tonight will make him forget about all the problems he has been facing lately with Bucky and Tony while focusing on the new job. But of course fate always have something in store for him.
Happy and Pepper looked at each other and just nodded. They knew better than to make the Alpha angry.
"I-I just can't Peggy...I feel like I could not do anything anymore. He is all I could think about! Why?! Why did he leave me like this...we're supposed to be together til the end of the line." He sobbed. Peggy cupped his cheeks and sighed sadly.
"Guess, we have to find out won't we..." The Alpha said darkly as he places trails of kisses on his back which made the Omega let out a resisting moan.
"You can't do that!" Steve was furious. He couldn't believe how controlling Bucky could be in his life.
Tony sighs. “It’s nothing, let me talk-“
“Really? A little stressed?” She looks at him like he was crazy.
“Ugh, since when have you the matured?”
“Mr. Rogers I apologize on behalf of Mr. Stark. He should not ever touch you like that.”
He literally counts the seconds and when it was on the 19th he storms in the room only to stop in his track, mouth dropped.
“Mr. Barnes, all I ask is for you to step away from Mr. Rogers over here. He belongs to Stark.”
Sorry it took so long. Lots of work to do! But yeah here it is
Bucky just stared at him in amusement especially intrigued towards the watery blue eyes. “Righteous as always.”
“You’re not the alone buddy.” Natasha smirks as she stares at Tony. “I’m wondering myself why you’re so serious about this one dinner. You never care what goes into stuff, just leaving everything to Happy or me. As long as you show them your wealth and you’re done.”
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
Tony blushes in embarrassment. “Oh, that’s uhm… a solar bulldozer that is supposed to lift sand.  Something I built when I was a kid cause loved going to the beach back then to build sandcastles and figured I wanted something to help me build it efficiently. Don’t mind it, I-I was 7 so it’s not that good.”
Peter shook his head. “I-I’m sorry, I really don’t.”
“Hey Angel.” He spoke almost so softly as he run his eyes up and down Steve’s beautiful and sinful body. “Missed you doll face.”
"Of course it's Mr. Stark! He can do everything and anything. He is he coolest Alpha I've ever met. He never treats me differently which is so cool. Not saying that he is different than most Alphas, I mean he is still obnoxious and self-centered but I think he has a big heart. A lot of rumours always say that he was this evil guy making weapons or whatever and some heartless playboy but I don't really think so. Or at least to me." He shrugged. "He just wants people to follow his way but overall cool. I guess."
Natasha shrugged. "Yeah. I thought it was like any other mission but getting to know you was like a breath of fresh air. It felt like I was having a normal life, I get to meet really cool and genuine people through your circle of friends. Felt nice to be normal."
"Is Barnes going to hurt him? I mean...you told me that he loves him right? I'm sure he's not going to do anything."
“I’m very concerned about that too. What did you do to Mr. Rogers that made the Omega panic like that?”
“Steve..” He dived into Steve’s neck giving him licks and wet kisses.
“Just like the person who invented it.” He smirks and winks at Steve.
Peggy shrugged. "She's basically like a mother to you. Why won't you follow her though?"
Wanda raised her brow at him playfully. "Thor, we want you to protect him not court him."
“Cause….” Somehow he didn’t want to remember the last time happened to him.
"What's wrong?" Sam asked.
Steve giggled and smiled warmly. "Really appreciate it Sharon."
"Uhmm, what's going on?" Natasha raised her eyebrows, giving Bucky a look of confusion.
“How do you explain that Peggy!?”
“You’re one heck of a smart kid then. Come on, let’s go back to work.”
Even Bucky never told him anything about his father that much since he himself did not understand what he does for a living. All he told him was that he meets a lot of people. And also saying that he was a douchebag at Bucky for giving him a hard time. He had to take care of his family when Mr. Barnes was not around and Bucky never fails express his full hatred towards the man, seeking comfort from Steve to which he reciprocates with his delicious apple pie to make Bucky happy.
"I want you to come with me." Tony licked his lips as he stared deep into his eyes.
"Have you heard of knocking?!" Bucky glared.
“I wouldn’t even if you didn’t ask me. Sleep Steve. You need rest.” He patted his legs gently.
With that, Tony and Happy were shocked. Tony’s protective instinct became even heightened knowing that his Omega was vulnerable and alone all this while. If only he could’ve met him sooner, Steve could have everything now and be safe with him.
“Okay, Tony what the hell just happen?” Natasha storms in the office after they send them off at the entrance.
“Oh, you’re not going anywhere near him.” Bucky glared and growled at Sam who raised an eyebrow at him, challenging him.
"Oh, yeah. I forgot that you don't know what he does."
"T-The room is done but I just need to get ready for a bit."
Nat puts her hand on his shoulder. "Steve please. You have such a raw and different outlook of art that is really spectacular, it shows in your work. It deserves to be known."
"Call me selfish but I don't want anyone to have you except for me."
"Damn it, I'm sorry baby but I don't think I can." He hugged his body and flipped them around so that Steve was under him. "Now this is a very familiar sight."
Tony ignored both of them and focuses on Steve. “Steve, please. I’m sorry; it just slipped my stupid mouth.”
Happy nodded. “Thought so.”
“How?”
New wave of tears came from Steve as he started to lose hope.
"Fuck it. Tear the whole Manhattan down. No one is stopping until they find him." He growled.
Steve walked inside and the first thing he sensed was danger. He looked straight ahead and saw the Alpha. His pheromones went straight to his nose. Eyes widen in shock. Why was the Alpha here? There could only mean one thing. Before he could do anything the Alpha stood up abruptly, chair falling backwards in the process.
"Which apparently I have failed due to your annoying persistence. And just to be clear, I am not a terrible mercenary! Also, for the last time it was an accident!"
Wanda sighed. "Fine. I'll wait here with her. You two should find him."
"I can take care of myself! It's Steve that I'm worried."
He gulps as he was met with the steel grey blue eyes from a distance. If it was possible he could see how those eyes shine in adoration as he saw him and smiles adoringly (which Steve will never admit it made his heart beats faster) when Steve gets nearer.
"Oh yes! We're talking!" She said a bit too sternly that it surprised Steve a little. Peggy bits her lip trying to hold her tears. "Steve I know...I know you are hurting so bad. You're numb. I know you feel empty and probably dead inside like half of your heart is not functioning. I probably would not know how you feel-"
"Guys you know what I mean..And of course we are! You guys have been with me through thick and thin."
"Dude, ya better start talking before I punch you." Sam growled at Wade.
“Damn it, Steve. I really think you should be placed in a bubble.”
Pepper motioned him to calm down. "That's what we're trying to find out."
"I really think we should make some sort of special stage for him to showcase his paintings. I know it'll hype up the event and buyers, onlookers and even viewers watching television would appreciate art. Our goal for the exhibition for the art gallery will be a huge success!"
Steve sighed and smiled a little. "When can I meet her then?"
"Have you, ever experienced something like that?" Steve asked carefully while looking at Peter in concerned.
“Мой Омега, просто позволь, своему Альфе позаботиться о тебе.”
“I’m going to kill that son of a bitch.” Sam growled.
“It looks good on you.”
Steve rolled his eyes. "Oh and by the way. This will be my last day. I got a job."
“No, no. You don’t have to say sorry. It’s not your fault. The fact that you’re trying your best to help me is enough.” Steve smiled a little.
Peggy rolled her eyes.
That caught Tony's attention and immediately looks up from  his tablet. "Stevie? Shy?" He unconsciously growled at the red head since she sounded close to the Omega. Cause really, she's more of a female Alpha than a Beta. That's why Alphas tend to be wary of her. "How do you-"
, he knew it will go nowhere with his two protective best friends.
Steve mentally cursed. He did not like where this is going.
Steve nodded. "I-I know...but I just...can't help but feel like he's still out there you know. When I first heard the news, I just didn't believe it Peggy, like I know he is still alive. Well, until they gave me his necklace. I just didn't know what to feel anymore." Steve took out the tag from his pocket and stares at it.
And Steve was sure he heard the name correctly which caused him another headache due to heavy confusion.
"Yeah he works there as a bartender. Didn't you guys know that?" She looked at them weirdly.
