Gabe held his hands up with an impressed glint in his eyes.
Dean sat up, wincing.  “Oh yeah!  Where the hell are Bert and Ernie?”
Dean licked his lips, he reached over, bypassing his hand to put his open palm on his chest, pressing him back.  Castiel’s eyes went wide as he laid back.  “No kissing,” Castiel whispered.
“Yeah,” Dean moved to slide his toolbox out of the way and grab a table leg.
Dean leaned in closer to him.  “Bobby said he and Rufus are here on business.”
“Gary’s wife,” Garth nodded.
The three of them turned the table over with ease, centering it on the right side of the large kitchen.  As the other two moved chairs into place around it, Dean put the final screw in.  He was sure Cas had gotten ten times hotter since the last time he saw him.  Or had his memory of the guy faded over time?  Either way, he seemed much more relaxed than the uptight brother of the groom that had stressed every detail and was (in general) not interested in the bachelor party.  They knew each other a little, but Dean already knew he was going to do his damnedest to make this visit count.  It was kinda mind boggling that someone could look so good decked out in a suit, flustered and nervous; yet rock a pair of jeans and t-shirt with effortless flair.
“Not like that,” Sam scowled.  Castiel exchanged a disgruntled look.  Gabriel could be so Gabriel sometimes.
“I never woulda got here without you, Dean.”
“No one is stealing, Mrs. Golden,” the aide assured her.
“So, when the going gets tough, you’re gonna bail on him?” Dean asked, knowing it was mean.
He took the soft bear, handing it to Dean.  Dean smirked, sticking it under his arm.  “Gee, thanks.”
*******************************************
Luc giggled again.  “You get junior there to sleep, and I’ll reward you for your hard work.”
“She was so spunky,” Gabe grinned sadly, looking toward the closed casket beside Melanie.
Sam lived in the house across from his.  They were small houses in a crowded neighborhood full of big old houses that were mostly now converted to apartments.  The neighborhood was in town, just two blocks from downtown shopping and half a mile walk to school.
They all walked to the local park the next evening to watch the fireworks for the Fourth of July.  The park was crowded with kids, teens, families, and vendors.
“I’m six,” he answered.  He glanced over his shoulder and up to the right, grinning.  “Weems says I’m gonna swim like a fish soon!”
Bobby nodded reluctantly.  “This is nuts.”
“I’m up!” He yelled, flinging the covers back and jumping out of bed.
“There’s a bake sale at the local fire department next weekend,” Cindy chipped in.  “We’re raising money for the statue of Mayor Harrington!  You fellas should bring some cupcakes!”
“Alright.”  Cas grinned again, happiness flooding from him.  “But I do love you.”
Everyone had been outside all day having a cookout in the Winchester’s backyard.  Dean was cleaning the grill and Castiel had offered to take the trash to the curb.  The others were all in the basement.  He had been lost in thought, sitting on the curb when Dean had snuck up on him.
Cas gave no inclination of being swayed, so Dean rolled his eyes and headed into the house to look for the stairs.
“Your neighbors sure are friendly.”  Cas turned to him with a teasing grin.  “Look at you.  So domesticated.”
Jody rolled her eyes.  “Fine.  I wanted to see how she made out.”
Dean smirked.  “You stayin’ here tonight?”
“I’ll catch up with you guys in a little bit,” Dean announced, getting to his feet.  “You got money, Sam?”
Mahoney gave the couple the briefest glance.
A pained look crossed Bobby’s face as the others nodded gravely.
Neither said a word as they washed off and redressed.  They wiped the door and floor clean and both flinched when someone jiggled the locked doorknob.
“Oh now, don’t get all wet,” Ed smirked.  “They were old.”
“Please, God,” Gabe laughed.  “I wanna be there when you ask!”
Gabe winked, Fred taking the ace with a grin to Gabe.
“Yeah. Help! I’m trapped in the Twilight Zone!  Send reinforcements!”  They both chuckled at that.
“Claire is a damn good vampire slayer.  That’s what she was talkin’ to Daniel Elkins about at The Roadhouse.”
“No!” Dean laughed.  “Just the one picture.”  He chuckled as Dean pulled him along, continuing their walk.
Castiel followed Dean to the grill.  The three men standing there clammed up immediately at their arrival.
“He may feel like he owes us for disposing of the body and helping Fred,” Cas said.
Two long minutes ticked by and Dean was fairly sure Cas had fallen back asleep, giving him a little more bravery.
“Hi,” Dean grinned, taking in Cas’ furrowed brow and intense eyes, reminding him of how intense he looked during sex, and oh, great, now a dreamy little sex memory curled his thoughts, made him blush and surely broadcasted his train of thought easily enough.
D) Pam looked like she wanted to gobble them all whole.  AND she had just slapped some man’s ass.
And in front of Dean.
Dean thought about it.  “You moved across the country to be here with us.  You can look at that two ways.  One, you’ve moved.  You can easily move again.  Or two, you already moved once.  Make her move here.”
Dean smirked, watching for Gabe’s reaction.
Cas looked caught between feeling like he needed to correct Gabe and not really wanting to.
Dean tipped his chin, pushing Castiel’s head up.  His mouth ghosted his neck but did not touch his skin.  The need drove him to grip Dean’s hips, his fingers seeking skin beneath his shirt.
He watched as the screen lit up in an explosion.  “How’d you do that?”
The next day, he went to school.  He walked with Gabe and Sam, who stayed side by side, saying little to him.  He knew Kevin and Chuck had been filled in on what had happened.  His lonely day continued with detention over lunch for not having homework done.
Castiel exchanged a look with Dean.  Dean huffed a laugh, getting out.  He let Castiel in, not breaking for a second as Castiel rubbed against him to squeeze into the seat and slide over.  “Hey, Jo.”
“Dean!” Sam called from the backseat.  “Is Charlie coming?”
Castiel looked back down at his bagel.  The beach.  With Sam and Dean.  It made him nervous just thinking about it.  Sharing a room with Dean could be...interesting.  They had slept in the basement at the same time, many times, but that was different.
“Straight, Sam.  I know you’re unfamiliar with the term,” Dean smirked, tapping his cards into a neat stack.  There was no jump in his jaw or extra gleam to his eyes.  Dean had a shitty hand.
Dean winked, kissing him.  “Fell in love.”
“I did!  I picked Van Halen for Bobby, Kansas for you, Led Zeppelin for Uncle Dean, and Katy Perry for Dad.”
Life was good.  What could be better than Charming Acres, the safest town in the USA?
“See you then.  Call if you need anything,” Cas said.
Before Cas could step away, Dean’s hand seemed to touch his longer than necessary.  Quickly picking up on the hint, Cas took his hand with a confident smile and a smooth grasp.  Dean’s cheeks flushed a little, but he laced his fingers in his easily.
“When we got to Rhode Island, Cathy killed my partner.  It...killed me to kill her.  A part of me died that day.  I wronged my partner.  I wronged that woman.  That’s on me,” he jabbed his chest roughly.  “I quit hunting.  Became a priest.  If I hadn’t turned to God...I woulda sold my soul to bring Cathy back.”
Dean nodded at his own thoughts, scrubbing the grill extra hard with a frown.  “Trust me.  You’re not.  He just doesn’t sound like the right guy.”
“Very good!” Madge cheered.  “Aren’t the berries just divine?”
“Monday.”  Luc winked at him and walked toward the parking lot.
She rolled her eyes, but didn’t push whatever it was.
“Me too,” Charlie chimed in.
“I like it,” he grinned.
Dean spit the screw out into his hand, licking his lips to hastily look half put together.  “Hey, Cas!”
“There’s a door,” Cas said, pointing.  This door was wood, like the rest, but looked rather mundane.  It certainly didn’t appear to be locked or off limits.
(See the end of the chapter for
Madge huffed her way out of the living room, returning much more happily with the one face all of them had not wanted to see.
Cas sat back, amused.  He handed him a dish of green bean almandine and went back to his conversation with Sam.
Bobby glared at him.  “You can’t MOVE the body.”
“Fuck!” Castiel gasped, clutching his chest and dropping the bag.
A laugh of elated disbelief punched from him as his stomach clenched.
“Yeah,” Luc nodded.  “Set of lungs like me too.”
“I think there’s more.  There always is, with the quiet ones.”
“Shut up!”  Castiel laughed.
“You aren’t going to puke, are you?” Dean asked, looking in the rearview mirror nervously.
Dean, Gabe, and Cas nodded in understanding.
“Wayne Whittaker!” Sam and Gabe said together.
“Fuck no,” Cas scoffed.  “If Sam comes, she’ll be nice as pie.  You need to see how she talks to me!”
“Okay,” Olivia said, looking equally as terrified.  “Kat’s been sick for a few days and Nay just called me and said she had some kind of seizure or something and then went unconscious!”
Cas is developing a winking habit.
“Everything is just right,” Marion assured him.
“What?” Sam guffawed.
Castiel shivered in the hot sun.
“Meet back here at dusk,” Bobby said.  “If we’re gonna be stupid, we might as well be smart about it.”
Castiel blinked, he must have yelled out or made a noise or something, breaking the silence of the night.
“You’re missing the show.”
“Night,” Castiel and Gabe called, heading in their own front door.
He crossed the street quickly.  Behind his house, his hands shook with adrenaline at what he had just said.  He couldn’t believe he could talk that way to Dean!
“Oh, it was the least we could do.  You guys went to so much trouble,” Sam said.
Dean stammered slightly.  “I, I...okay,” he whispered.
“Look at ‘im!” Dean laughed.
“What!” Dean said, startling slightly at getting caught.  “I was just...daydreaming, sorry!”
“Scooby is the star of the show,” Cas grinned.
“Do you?” Dean grinned harder, putting his arms around him, kissing him deeper.
Dean laughed again, shaking his head.
He covered the salad and put it in the fridge before going to the living room to wait on everyone.
Dean’s shoulders stiffened.  “No.  I gotta go get a quick shower.”  Even as he spoke, he started heading toward the back stairs that went up from the kitchen.
Castiel bit his lip when Dean looked up at him.  “Are you coming to bed?”
“I’m gonna fuck you.”
“Where is she?” Cas asked, worrying about the young girl he had met at the back door.  She must be terribly frightened and alone.
Castiel smirked.  “So are you.”  He reached out to put a gentle hand to Dean’s purple bruise by his eye.  Dean grabbed his wrist but gentled his grasp.  Castiel turned his hand, sliding it into Dean’s hand.
“Why not?” Sam laughed.  “I got game!”
Dean’s eyes darted away, not that Cas was surprised.  One thing he DID know about Dean, was that his relationships were not long lived.  But now that he understood (or hoped he understood) him better, he knew his next moves might be his most important yet.
“Not today,” Cas grinned.  “But soon.  When we both feel like it.”
Gabe chuckled as Cindy and Justin blinked back at them cluelessly, smiles still plastered.
It was 2am and the neighborhood was quiet.  It was a Thursday night, and he was surprised to see Dean, Benny, Charlie, and a few others hanging around Dean’s car.
“Rough day?” Sonny asked, arriving at the table with her head cocking to the side enough to make her ponytail swing.
Dean’s shoulders slumped.  “Yeah.  Me too.  And Sam’s freaking out about it.  This kinda shit isn’t good for him, ya know?”
“I can’t decide if you’d be hotter as a monster killer or a cowboy.”
F) Fred knew about the body!  And Bobby had barely covered it up in front of Donna in time!  And had Sheriff Mills caught any of what Dean was saying?
Dean nodded.  “Then you gotta get out there a little.  The world’s not as scary as you seem to think it is.”
He did love Cas.
“I meant every word,” Cas said, turning his head to rest his chin on Dean’s collar bone, giving his lips easy access to Dean’s neck.  He could see one corner of Dean’s mouth tilted into a smile and felt his happiness in the light strokes to his back that retraced their path to toy with the back of his hair.
“Gabe was telling me about them,” Dean said.  “He thinks Deb Frieling was sneaking down here to see ol’ PJ.  Said she wasn’t too nice to Linda or Maddie.”
“It’s Dr. Mahoney that is a bad man, Marion.  That’s why I talked to your daughter about getting you a different doctor.  He’s evil.”
“It is,” Gabe nodded, slowing the play time to move frame by frame.  The window lowered and Mahoney moved closer, stooping to the window.  Wayne leaned just into the window enough to be recognized as he handed the doctor something, which was quickly pocketed into the white lab coat.
“Slow down,” Cas chuckled, stroking him slower inside.  He watched in awe as Dean’s body slowed instantly, spreading, and relaxing.  “God, you’re perfect,” Cas murmured, kissing Dean’s knee.  He added a third finger and watched as Dean fucked onto him slowly, eyes squeezed shut and body loose.  “So perfect,” Cas said in awe, kissing down the inside of his thigh, spreading with his fingers until neither could take any more.  He pulled out, nibbling the inside of Dean’s thigh as he put his own condom on.  Dean’s eyes were open now and watching him, anxious and eager.  He stroked his own sheathed cock several times to adjust the condom, added lube and met Dean’s eyes as he lined them up.  Dean nodded and he pressed his way inside, both breathing out as he breached the tightest muscles at his rim with his swollen, leaking head.
“I don’t know!” Cas laughed.  “Nor do I care!”
“But...you want me.”
Castiel realized how well he was doing talking to Dean.  He wasn’t even nervous.  He wasn’t even blushing.  Maybe his de-sensitization bullshit was actually doing more than fuel him with masturbation material.
As the rush of endorphins left him, he kept a constant play across Dean’s chest with his fingers.
Dean looked away, his jaw clenching.  “He actually touched you.  Grabbed your ass and offered to ‘take you upstairs’, Cas!”  Dean stood up abruptly, his anger winning over again.
His entire body felt electrified, extremely sensitive to every new touch.  He pulled his mouth back from Dean’s hot skin, watching his own hand stroke and feel Dean’s torso and arms.  As he gained confidence, his range and intent increased.
“Dean, you need to get down to the foyer.  Crowley brought you something.”
As he stuffed his wallet in his back pocket, he pulled the front door open.  To his surprise, Sully stood there with a plate covered with foil.  “Hey,” he said, opening the screen door.
He tried not to indulge too much in the nirvana of Dean’s sweeping tongue, the pressure his mouth created, the noises he made, and the alluring bob of his head. If he let himself, he could come right now.  Waking up to a horny Dean was mind blowing.  But he could tell by the sway of his ass, and the fact that it was still perched into the air, that this was not Dean’s endgame.
“No.  Maybe.  I’ve wanted to tell you.  I just...”
“I...” his eyes got that star-struck look they get sometimes, and he fidgeted in his seat.  “Then we can eat in the room.”
They all looked up and saw him going through the motions of removing his keycard and wallet.  His face looked sadder than Sam had ever seen it.
“Hey, Fletcher, sorry for using bad words.  I just burnt the, burnt my mouth.”  Days like these were why Dean lived a solitary life.  He’d done nothing but blunder his way through this morning and he’d barely started it!
“At the Carrigan’s?” Rufus asked with some surprise.
“Let’s just hope that W doesn’t stand for Winchester.”
Castiel mulled that over.  He was not a toy to be played with.  That is, unless he wanted to take that route.  It was his choice, after all.  He could fuck around with someone without getting his hopes up.  Other people did it.  So could he.
“Sure did.  Bastards,” Bobby growled.  “It takes some heartless monsters to poison defenseless elderly folks.”
The hurt in Dean’s eyes hurt him to the core.  “I was wrong about Dorothy.  I’m so sorry.”
Dean raised his eyebrows waiting for Sam to put his thoughts together.
“Mahoney,” Bobby swore.
They all told him about it while the bottle went around.  Castiel got into his pajama pants, brushed his teeth and got onto his mattress.
“Are you sad?” Fletcher asked.
“Want to unpack?” Cas asked, knowing the hour was late, but hoped the task would put Dean at ease.
*********************************
“What?!  No!”  Dean wiggled and shoved against the ropes, Sam doing the same.  Ed moved around to grab his head as Madge shoved the channellocks into his mouth, getting the intrusive metal to clamp onto one of his molars.
“It’ll be alright, boss,” Charlie winked.  “We got this.”
“Is...” Dean was next on the conspiracy dumping wagon, “is that what’s making Kat sick?  And Naoki?”
By the time Sam came up the steps, Dean was leaning against the arched doorframe of the big living room, staring at the mess of a pool through the large glass windows.
After getting a grin in response, he leaned against him and took in the shock of the feel of Dean’s body against his as he opened his mouth for more.  Dean followed easily and Cas felt quite sure all the kissing he had done in his life had never even prepared him for the rush of lust and awe that flooded him now.
“Other than this werewolf mess...nothing new.  Tackled a nest of vamps in Kentucky.  They had a whole neighborhood going.  They took over the houses, killing the people every time someone got curious.”
“Right,” Sam said.
“Night,” Castiel answered.
Cas shook his head.
Ed’s bright eyes locked onto Sam’s expectantly.
“Yes,” Cindy said, her smile returning a little more dully than usual.  “We’ll drop him off on Friday morning around ten and pick him up on Sunday evening.”
Bobby slammed on the brakes, kicking up loose stones and the dirt plumed, settling around them as the six men stared at each other.
He heard Mary and his mom go to bed.  He heard Sam and Gabe in the living room.
Cas had intended on getting into the bed to wait for him, debating boxers or not.  But all he could do was watch Dean work quickly and efficiently through the beveled glass.
“Dean,” Cas said, holding his grip on his hand.  “I am not eating tacos for breakfast.”
“Thank God!”  Sam laughed harder.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, stumbling along through the front door.  “You’re too fuckin’ cute.”
Dean laughed hard at a particularly crude verbalization of Rainbow Bright that Gabe had just texted him.
“Fine, fine,” Crowley relented.  “I’ll purchase some jeans and flannels so I can blend in with the yocals.”
“I thought you got busted!” Kevin yelled, everyone shushing him.  “You were gone forever!”
Dean nodded, hoping Gabe knew this Sheila.  “Spouted it like a fountain.  Said his grandma overheard Dr. mmm...something Irish -”
“They’re home!” Sam squeaked.
“Nnnnn,” Dean all but growled, holding back what appeared to be a whopper of a blast.
“Makin’ me crazy,” Gabe whined.  “Swear I’m gonna get loud if you don’t hurry up!”
Dean stared at him, his glass untouched.
“Her husband and her son had gotten bit.  We learned real quick how ta hunt zombies.  And then we hooked up with The Roadhouse.  That’s where hunters meet.  I shoulda brought you all straight here instead of the bar.  And of course, it was a busy night.  Claire, Alex, and Kaia coming in fresh off a hunt didn’t help matters.”
“Now...help your old man out of bed.”
“Me too.  Can’t have Gertie growing up with a mayor like Chip.”
“Okay!” Sam backed up quickly, not wanting to open that particular can of worms with two children that weren’t his own.  “Parents get sad too sometimes,” he attempted to explain.
“I just wish I understood what happened to him!” Deb choked out, sniffling again.  Sam nodded with perfect sympathy.
“What?” To say Dean thought Cas was reacting poorly was an understatement.  “This isn’t a friggin’ rescue sanctuary we’re running here, Cas!”
Castiel eyed Sam carefully, knowing he could outreach him.  Dean and Gabe were the shit-talkers.  Sam and Castiel just tended to get on with the game.
The Starks still crowned the end of the road in their sprawling, beautiful home, still married and still filthy rich.  Maggie still complained about Don to her bestie, Sue, but the pair were happy and in love.  For the moment.  The fall of Chip’s empire had not been gobbled up by the Starks, however, letting others in town start businesses of their own, sharing the wealth.
The Roadhouse was a shady biker bar.  The kind of place Dean loved.  It certainly felt more familiar than the polished charm of Charming Acres.  He wanted to like the place, but there were a few red flags popping up already:
“I’ll add it to the list,” Sam shrugged, flipping to a list of what seemed to be random words.  He added ‘tea’.
He went to their small kitchen, which was currently a mess with remodeling, and started a pot of coffee.
Dean flinched hard when the door opened.  Luckily they were both on their backs and covered by the blanket.  “You boys awake?” Mary asked.
They laughed again, Garth slapping his knee.  “Sam!  You crack me up!  Well, at least they sound entertaining!”
He had two missed texts.
Dean scoffed.  “This is me relaxed, lady.”
Sam was still frozen.  “A guy?”  A grin crept onto his face.  “How’d it go?”
“Where will we camp?” Cas asked.
Sam watched him, an eyebrow climbing hesitantly.
Castiel nodded.  “So, that was...”
“I’ll see if I can find Gabe and Chuck,” he said, getting to his feet.
“Honestly, Mary, I don’t know how you tolerate so many kids hanging out at your house all the time.  It would drive me crazy!”
Other than Garth and Sully (okay, Rufus too), they weren’t going to miss anything about it.
“I see you never made it back to the Dowling House.”
As night fell, Dean settled onto the front porch swing, Cas manning the windows in Sam’s bedroom.
“Camille specifically said it was a basement door,” Sam argued, looking for hidden doors like they were in a Hardy Boys novel.
Dean nodded.  The crowd was so thick, with people gawking at the fireworks, that they couldn’t get four steps without stepping on someone.
“Yeah, Dean-O,” Gabe grinned.  “What’s with the charity?  Afraid we’re gonna starve down here?”
The two officers sat at the bar, Sonny bringing them both coffee.  She was talking to them quietly when Chip came through the door of the kitchen.  He made a beeline for the police, Sonny stepping out of his way.  She kept moving with her coffee pot and several mugs in her hand.  It was the worried frown that had Gabe more than curious.  Usually the robots didn’t actually frown.  He lifted his hand, catching Sonny’s attention.  She came toward them, Sam watching her just as curiously.  “Second thought, I’ll have some coffee,” Gabe grinned up at her.
Cas swallowed, glancing down before meeting his eyes again.  “She also asked me about Carl Stevens and Wendy Goodson.”
“You never told him?” Cas asked, facing the road now.
“We best hit the road then, woman,” Bobby grinned.
Dean grinned a little.  “Roll over.”
“Fuck these people.  They don’t own Christmas,” Dean argued, shifting uneasily as he banged on the door.
Castiel looked up suddenly.  “The video is the same date as the death of a Margaret Tumey.”
The End!
“Okay, Velma,” Gabe, Sam, and Dean quipped, laughing.
Castiel settled his thoughts and stilled his mind.  He pulled Dean’s hand, putting it on his side.  Though he had a t-shirt on, he could still feel every ounce of heat and every flex or move his hand made.
“I don’t give a shit how I get to the police station.  I can’t wait to get there.”  He met Chip Harrington’s eyes over the roof of the police car.  “I’ve got SOOO much to talk about.”
“See?  Harmless.” Crowley grinned.
“Dirk.  I should have known,” she snapped.  “Looks like you can sit in detention all next week.  And no attending graduation.  No school events.”
“We are,” Cas said, as if HE were difficult to bear.
Cas cleared his throat.  “I can finish it, Gabe.  Go get ready.”
Castiel sighed in exasperation.
“I know,” Dean said, both hands covering his face before he rubbed at his eyes and dropped his hands back to his lap.  “I just -“
“Mm,” Dean hummed.  “We won’t need to go very far.”
Across the street, Castiel spotted a pleasant looking restaurant called, Good Graces Cafe.  “I’ll take you there for our next date.”
“You left town?  Where did you go?”  Sam sat down at the table, watching Cas with amusement.
“Cause of death?” Sam asked.
Cas nodded in agreement.  Dean leaned in to kiss him.  The kiss was just ramping up into something more when Castiel’s phone rang.
Sam laughed at Gabe’s devilish grin.
“Afraid your asses will become one with the couches and I’ll have to water you guys like house plants.”  Dean pulled open the lid to the nearest box.
“What?  They’re there!”
Dean smirked.  He wanted to say yes, because Kevin got all nervous and flustered around the man.  He acted as if he placed a fork wrong, Crowley would chop a finger off.  “No, no Crowley tonight.”
Castiel laughed, grinning at the crinkles around Luc’s eyes as he laughed too.
A row of motorcycles lined the porch and the small parking lot in front of the restaurant/bar was fairly full of old cars and trucks.
“No!” Sam glared at him.  “That’s not what this is.  He needed a reality check.”
“Hey, Mom,” he answered quietly.  “We’re gonna stay over at Sam’s.”
The ‘free affirmation’ landed on hostile ears.  Dean glared up at him, making Castiel bite back another laugh as the waiter turned an unperturbed smile onto him.
“So, we have some plans,” Jody announced.  “Brandy is moving out to Garth’s house in town.  And Bess.  Brandy wants to get to know her dad more.  Garth offered.  And Bess will be staying to help her learn about being a wolf.  When she turns, her and Bess will move back to Indiana with the pack.”
Castiel drug a breath in, watching how Dean’s eyes sparkled with what he guessed was mirth.  “Right.”  He took another breath, letting his arm relax.  Their forearms lay together, joined by their clasped hands.  He swiped a thumb over Dean’s hand and let a shaky smile loose.
Garth put an understanding hand on her arm.  “I’m sure it was difficult and confusing.  You have to understand that he had no idea you and your sister were around.  His decision to join the Church and become a priest was because of what happened with her.  He loved her very much.”
Apparently, Dean was not uncomfortable that he was gay.  He smiled at him but saw no sign of him teasing.  “They’ve been watching this show for three days now,” he said quietly.
“I thought it might be Chip,” she shrugged.
He’d just avoid Dean and hope the crush would simmer down again.
Dean chuckled, taking a long drink.  “Don’t worry, Sammy.  I won’t muddy the place up too bad.”
Cas’ head thumped back against the rain-chilled glass as he cried out.
“Yeah.  It would be nice to...have a room.  And be here.  I like it here.  Even if Dean is a crab.”
“I do hate flying,” Dean admitted.  “Took my time though.  Probably my last time there.”
“Anything on the dead residents,” Bobby said, sliding the list across the table to Cas.  “Medical charts, death claims, that drug you told us about, anything hinky.”
Dean damn near swallowed the last screw in his mouth when he looked up and saw Cas strolling into the kitchen behind Gabe.
“Act normal!” Sam huffed, craning his neck as he walked, like he needed to be any freaking taller. Dean whacked him on the back of the head.
“I’m good at sharing!” Gabe deflected with a wide grin.
A week of work and lazy summer hanging out slipped by until Castiel found himself alone with Dean again.
************************************************
“That’s awesome!” Sam grinned, holding a hand up and grinning wider when Fletcher’s face lit up even more and he high-five him back.  “How old are you?”
Castiel swept his thumb over the head of Dean’s dick, earning a gasp from Dean.
“Why would the coroner talk to Mahoney about that?” Sam asked suspiciously.
“On the couch with Gabe,” Castiel answered quietly.
Their mouths met with equal give and take, lasting only a few seconds before Cas pulled back and looked at him.  His hands were greedily feeling Dean’s shoulder as the fingers of his other hand were quickly making their way to the back of his neck.  Dean’s hands were sliding down his sides, gripping onto his shirt.
“Well, we can.  I was talking about it with Mary yesterday.  With the two of us going, we could split the cost.”
“But...the leprechaun.”
Castiel left Sunset Fields, feeling like he had some direction in his life again.  Like another piece to the puzzle of what lay ahead for him was in place.  He opened a new app on his phone and began searching for homes to buy.  The trouble was, he really didn’t know what he was looking for.  An apartment to rent?  A house to buy?  What sort of house?  He walked back to Gabe and Sam’s house, looking at it in a new light.  Why had they chosen this specific house?  What had sold them?  The porch?  The number of rooms?  It had to be a combination of things.  Location already decided, he wondered if Charming Acres was what kept him feeling so thrown off here.  Everything else was falling into place so nicely.  It was the town that bothered him.
“Richie, dear,” Sheila said, holding her coffee cup out to him, “would you be a doll and get me some creamer?”
“I’m in,” Rufus said quietly.
Cas stood and she followed, picking her bag up off the floor to follow him.
“What?” Cas yelled.  “I’m pissed too, Dean!”
“You’re a pig, Gabriel,” Sam snorted, shaking his head in disgust.
“Where are you going?”
“Cas is right.  We gotta stick together and figure this out,” Sam nodded.
“So do you,” Cas argued.
Dean shook his head.  “Come on, leave blondie be.  Besides, you don’t want Ellen or Bobby hunting you down.  I’m not sure which one would be scarier.”
“It is!” Sam laughed, slapping his shoulder.  “Come on!  Where’s my cocky brother?”
Bobby toyed with his glass, eyes downcast.  “After Fred and I buried him, he swore he’d keep that secret until his dying day.  Swore to my mother that no one had to know.  That everything was gonna be fine.”  Bobby swirled his whiskey again.  “The next day, when I got up, my mother said she needed to go to the store for some eggs.”
“It has a lock.  Two locks,” Dean pointed.  The knob had a key and large gold padlock was bolted above it.
“Ed offered me peanut brittle at the picnic,” Cas said, still thinking it such an odd gesture that the man was walking around a picnic with a tin of something generally served at Christmas, while wearing a sweater vest with a snowman embroidered on it.
Castiel and Sam patted his back, steering him toward the arcade.
“I do not believe that,” Cas said flatly, opening the passenger door.
Castiel swallowed a bubble of hope, letting it lodge in his chest with his heart.  “Alright, Dean.  I’ll do whatever you want.”
“And you knew it was right,” Sam finished, earring a warm grin from his brother.
“No,” Castiel snapped, staring ahead.  “You pulled up and ruined it.”  His cheeks blushed painfully.
“Sam!” Cas declared, not used to Sam not having his back.
“See!  This is why me and Sam do the cool stuff out in the living room at night and you two dunderheads go ta sleeeeep, ‘cause you’re boring.”
Sam got Fletcher’s ice cream to go, and they all got up, heading out of The Roadhouse, all of them flicking smiles, nods, and an occasional wave as they left.  As they loaded into their cars, Bobby said to follow him.
Brandy nodded.  “I don’t blame him.  I just...don’t know him.  But...I like it here.”  She grinned at Dean shyly.  “The Winchesters have been really sweet.”
“Now THAT I have got to see,” Gabe grinned.
“What’s up, bitches!” Came a voice Dean hadn’t heard in damn near a month.
Dean whacked Crowley on the shoulder.  “Quit being skeezey!”
He grinned at the floor.  “I believe in you too, Cas.  I know this will all work out.  Somehow.”
“Dean,” he said carefully, “would you like to come to bed with me?”
“Balthazar,” Cas said tightly.  “Don’t call me again.  And don’t come here.  You aren’t welcome.”
“There you are.  You guys look like you aren’t feeling good either,” Sam frowned.
“I brought a treat,” he said, lifting the platter a little higher.  “I heard about your neighbor and wanted to make sure you two were doing okay.”
“My back,” Rufus frowned.  Sam jumped in, grabbing the cooler.
“We have two guns!” Wayne touted, re-aiming his gun multiple places before stopping on Bobby again.
“More like theirs,” Dean clarified, pointing at Sam and Gabe.
Dean scrubbed a hand through his hair as he stepped onto the porch with a cup of coffee.  “Morning.”
They still held spec meetings Mondays through Thursdays.  Weddings dominated Fridays and Saturdays.  And Sundays were for disappearing into the woodwork.
Ooohhh shit.
Charlie paused the movie, looking curious.
Side note:  No speaking of moving dead bodies in this bar.
“No one has seen you all week!” Sam exclaimed.
“Sure,” Sam grinned, taking one.  “Well, we live two doors up from here if you ever want to stop by.”
“Too late,” Dean grinned, standing up, swinging his chair back to where it had been.  “I’ll move the body.  Nellie knows we’re here, but they don’t have any reason to suspect there’s a body here, right?”
“I know where you keep your toothbrush and I have it on good authority that your password to your phone is BABY.”
They all got showers and dressed, heading for town and a noisy pizza shop.
“The way your mouth presses together all tight and mad,” Dean continued, pulling Cas’ shirt off of him.
Ooohhhh....how could he get out of this?
Sam’s face fell.  Castiel pushed his way to Dean’s side.
“Thank you.”
Mary looked angry.  Her hands shook slightly as she tucked hair behind her ear.  “Is Sam okay?”
Dean closed his eyes, fighting back memories of their worst nights as kids.  His anger and rage at so young an age.  Sometimes he had beaten himself up about not being brave enough to do just what Bobby had done.  As angry as he had been, hands shaking and no where to turn, he just couldn’t do it.
“About being...ya know.”
“Okay,” Sam said dismissively, getting up to pace.
Dean shrugged.  “Pass me the rabbit food, gorgeous,” he whispered.
“I did,” Gabe said quietly, turning toward her more fully.  “That why you’re here?  Something’s going on, isn’t it?”
Sam stood up.  “I gotta change.  The bride’s family will be here soon.  I’ll be back down in half an hour.”
“And has no idea what to do.  He came to us for help,” Cas said resolutely.
“Wait,” Castiel laughed, stepping back, letting go of his hand, “wait, wait, did she get you to put on her underwear?”
Castiel nodded in defeat.  He knew this would happen.  But he wasn’t ready to stop.  A tiny voice inside told him he’d never be ready to stop.  His thoughts raced.  How could he keep this game or whatever the fuck it was, going?  “Maybe I can practice making some moves instead of you...taking charge.”
Once Sam was through the first rope, the others went quickly.  They listened as the Ed and Madge seemed to be getting invited to go somewhere with the Burmans.
As Cas headed for their bedroom door, Dean snagged his arm, pulling him into his arms.  “I hate when we start the morning out jumping out of bed.”
“Oh damn!” Gabe laughed.  “Hunter has taken on The Nose!”
“Yep,” Gabe answered, head still lounged back.
“At least you’re rolling into this town looking like Columbo, ya know, so people don’t have to guess.”
Cas put his head in his hands, elbows on the table.  It was like a nightmare.  They were at a ‘Danville Vanguards’ party last night.  It was Danville’s small business owners.  The small business owners of Danville got together twice a year.  It was the third time they had been to such an event.  It was a great way to connect and keep an ear out for local changes.  But Balthazar had made a beeline for Cas as soon as he walked through the door.  Cas had not even seen it coming.  He was flirtier than normal, but Balthazar flirted with everyone!  Men, women, married, single, young, old.  The man was a schmoozer.
“Why?  You gave yours to Gabe.”
Dean turned to look at him, almost laughing.  “She left the door open,” he mouthed.  “What the fuck?”
Kevin and Chuck were the first two out cold.
Dean started flipping lights on.  They walked into a cozy living room, pictures of landscapes hanging on the wallpapered walls.  Next was a middle room with a fire place and sofa.  A desk and several shelves full of books and pictures.  The third room was a large kitchen.  The place felt big and airy with a history of family and home so thick that it greeted you with a comfortable notion to kick your shoes off and stay a while.
“Gabe,” Sam and Cas scolded.  Dean gave Gabe the finger behind Cas’ back so the kids wouldn’t see it, making him nod with a chuckle.
Cas stood as Melanie and Camille stood also to politely say hello.
Bobby rolled his eyes.  “That’s Frank.  He wanted to meet the guys he’d slipped info to.”  Sam started to turn to look at him to tell him to come over, but Bobby spoke up quickly.  “He don’t like ta meet folks face ta face.  This is as close as you’ll ever see him.”
“Yes.”
Dean knocked on the large front door, licking his lips nervously.  Cas wanted to ask if they had a plan, but he held his tongue.
“Are you seeing this?” Cas whispered suddenly.
“He left here in cuffs, so, I think so.”
Deb nodded at Olivia, who was ringing her hands.  “We met at the park across from the Moonlight Motel.  I brought us dinner.”  She sniffled, Deb rubbing her back comfortingly.  “We had dinner in the motel room and...and shortly after, just before we...he started not feeling well.”  Her hands started to shake as she stared at the counter, reliving the memory.  “He got real...stiff.  He couldn’t breathe right.  I managed to get him into the car and brought him home.”
“Oh!” Marion said excitedly, “Is it a plan to defeat the leprechaun?  He is such a dastardly toad.”
Dean grinned.  “She can be a real bitch sometimes.  Of course, she’s been puttin’ up with a dick like me for almost a year.  Gotta give her credit there.”
He had no plans to be here.  He had just said that to make Dean jealous.  He rang the bell.
“It’s a bad idea, isn’t it?” Sam went on, still worried.
Dean lay frozen on the bed.  Like a stack of falling dishes, his thoughts came crashing in jolts in his mind.
He slipped through the kitchen quietly and slid the back door open.  Dean sat on the chair out back quietly strumming his guitar.
“Thanks,” Sam grinned, forcing it.
Oh God.
“Sure.”  Dean took the cold bottle, screwing the cap off and hesitating before flicking it to the kitchen sink, like was his habit.
Watching Dean’s eager eyes, Cas wasted no time as he fumbled a stray pillow away and shifted Dean’s hips.  “We’ll see how well you did,” Cas grinned, reaching for the lube as Dean groaned, grinding his hard cock up into his.
Castiel had laughed off Marion’s thoughts of Wayne Whittaker until just this very moment.  Had Sheila not said something about Mahoney, he never would have suspected something more untoward was happening with Goldy.  It was, therefore, a possibility that Wayne was up to something.  He would have to check into the building’s administrator with a bit more focus.  With all he had set into motion yesterday, he had no doubt that he would soon get an opportunity to be called into the administrator’s office.  It was not common, really, to report doctors to the Board of Physicians after so short an employment.  And if anyone connected the dots on him being the one to insist upon an autopsy...well, this might be a very short employ indeed.
Dean pointed at his brother.  “I’m gonna call the one neighbor that doesn’t seem to mind sharing the dirt with me.”
A rush of anxiety twisted his stomach.  He turned to look at Dean.
At this point, they were on equal footing.  If that were really the case, Castiel would not have known it by Dean’s actions.
“Yeah.” Sam nodded, Dean clapping him on the back.  After the surge of news reporters left Charming Acres and Bobby had gone home with Fred, the four of them had dug up the body in Bobby’s back yard.  There was little there to find, but every bit of dirt surrounding the fragments, including the tablecloth he’d been wrapped in, were all removed so no evidence would be found.  Dean and Cas immediately left with the evidence, promising to get rid of it.  Since he and Gabe were dealing with adopting Fletcher, they kept out of it the best they could.  Knowing the body was completely gone was their last tie of worry.  He let that relief sweep over him as he took a long pull of beer and sighed.  He gave Gabe a reassuring smile, which he hopefully picked up on.
“Yeah,” Sam huffed.  “That had to be it.”
“You think we missed something?” Sam asked.
Cas grinned, eating another bite as he glanced at Dean, who had been quiet through lunch so far.  “It is a very nice town,” Cas amended.  “And the house is beautiful.”
“Really?” Sam asked, sitting the bizarre dish on the counter, re-covering it.  “Like, a heart attack?”
“Just get the table.  I think I can swing for a soda,” Luc grinned.
Dean walked over to the window overlooking the poolroom.  “But what?”
She smiled as Dean was making excuses for why he hadn’t called her back yet.  “It’s no problem,” she assured him.  “I was just wondering if you would be interested in house sitting for me this week.  I have a cat and three finicky plants.”  Her face lit up with a smile.  “Awesome.  Of course!  And you two can stay for the week.  Help yourself to whatever food is there and I’ll have clean sheets on the guest bed for you.”  She nodded, smiling at Dean’s words.  “Great!  See you Sunday night!”  She chuckled, “Yes, that is tomorrow.”
“Night vision goggles,” Bobby explained, handing one set to Dean and the other to Gabe.  “Scopes, binoculars, oh, and these puppies are mine.”  He pulled a black helmet-looking contraption out of the box.  “This bad boy’s got night vision, thermal imaging, yellow light, day vision, and range-finding settings.”
His hand reached in slow motion, his fingers wrapping around the hard mast.  Dean let a sigh out, his head dropping.
“Ellen,” Cas, Jo, and Sam blurted.
“The blood in the bathroom was disgusting!” Gabe yelled.
Dean shrugged his shoulders at the front door.  “Yeah.  He’s into all this white picket fence crap.”
Sam gave him a death glare, but Dean couldn’t help but ask, “What did you do to it?”
Cas chuckled.  “I suppose he does.”
Soon.
Krissy shrugged.  The pair always carried on this way.
“Car,” came Cas’ voice.
“Dean!” Castiel gasped.
“Gazoo?” Sam scoffed, Gabe chuckling.  “Sully?” He interpreted.
Gabe glared past him at the cocky officer.  “Don’t worry, Dean-o.  Cas is not taking the fall for this.”
“The milkshakes are great!” Gabe piped in, making the others ease up a bit, and Garth smile.
Cas stopped in his tracks, Dean stopping beside him.  “I would have asked you out sooner, Dean, but with my traveling, it just wasn’t possible.”  He grinned harder as Dean blushed, looking slightly shocked.  “I never forgot that dance we shared at the wedding.”
“Rhonda.  Man!  She’s wild!  She had me do some crazy shit!”
“There he is,” Gabe pointed.  Castiel slowed the car to a stop in front of the local library.  Gabe got out, helping him into the back seat.
“What the shit?” Bobby mumbled finally.
He felt Dean’s heavy sigh and worried he’d said too much.  He rolled off of Dean, sure the man needed to breathe freely without his body weighing him down.  He was not surprised that Dean said nothing in return to his confession.  When it came to intimacy, Dean needed plenty of room and no scrutinization.  He sat up on the edge of the bed, pulling his boxers back on.  “I’ll bring back a nice warm washcloth.”
“Well, I’m a happy pig,” Gabe grinned back.  “Tell me you wouldn’t hit up a gorgeous chick like Tessa if you had the chance.”
Dean was eyeing the woods, wondering if he could outrun them when Doug headed toward the car.
In all the theories being slung around nightly by Sam, Gabe, and Cas, Dean had been stewing on all of them.  Watching and waiting.  He knew how to read people.  As far as he could tell, it appeared almost every adult in the neighborhood was suspect as hell.
Castiel did his best to scoff the statement away.
“Come on, Dean!” Sam laughed.  “They’ll have tons of food!”
Castiel was almost home when a car pulled up next to him.
Cas burst out laughing at the pair.
Gabe nudged Castiel’s elbow.  “So... you managed to dodge Mom this morning.  You gonna tell me who tagged your neck last night?”
“No.  The kiss was... messy.  Unorganized.”
Castiel sighed and rolled his eyes.  “Fine.”
Saturday’s wedding reception was dry, therefore, wrapped up by 10pm.  They all left for the Roadhouse by 11pm, ready for a few drinks, a few songs, and some time to blow off steam and celebrate.
Cas grinned.  “Maybe I should stop being a nurse and change to being a detective.”
Dean laughed.
“Whatever it is that you would like to do,” Cas said, pulling Dean’s hand to his mouth to kiss his rough knuckles, “I promise I’ll say yes.”
“Mr. Stevens died in the bathroom!  He came out of there holding his head and clutching his chest then he ran back into the bathroom and...POW!  He went all Scanners!  His heart exploded!  He died!”
Lee grinned at his daughter.  “I think it would be really good for her.  For both of us.”
Dean boxed him in against the stall wall.  “Figured I’d make sure you were alright from dinner.”
Sam kissed him with a chuckle.  “Then you just lay there, and I’ll do aaaaaalllll the work.”
Dean nodded, shoving away whatever Sam had inadvertently unearthed and set his jaw in what Sam now dubbed his ‘cop jaw’.
His mind drifted back to the sex they’d just had.
Not wanting to disturb the baby, he came around the couch to the kitchen area.  “Sure.”
None of them even had the mental capacity to ask.
Sam ran his hands through his hair, huffing a big sigh.  “I totally over-reacted.  It just...I don’t know.  The wedding is coming and...I’m freaking out a little bit.”
Cas turned back to their brothers with a grin and must have flipped them off because Sam and Gabe both gasped ridiculously.
Sam nodded, grinning slightly.  “I didn’t mean to upset him so much.  I just wanted to...not throw away his life over something so stupid.”
“I know,” Cas murmured, trying not to laugh, kissing his temple.  “We’ll figure something out.  Even if it is Lily Dale or Charming Acres or drugs or tea.”  He grinned as Dean wrapped his arms around him.  “We’ll figure it out.”
“What if...if we stop when we get home,” Castiel said aloud, trying to cling to what he had.
Cas shared a grin with him before pulling his phone out, wondering just where Dean was, texting him as much.
“He did smell terrible!” Cas scowled, looking at Dean.
Cas wanted to argue, but let himself be pulled down to the plush pie instead.  The storm rattled the windows with a loud boom as Dean leaned down and kissed him.
“Yep.  Several times.  Especially when I saw Ed and Madge pull up to the house.”
As Maggie began driving away, Don Stark shot out of his driveway in his little sports car and passed her, making her slam on the brakes as he zipped around her with a smarmy grin and sunglasses.
The sun had brought out the freckles that smattered across Dean’s nose and cheeks.  Castiel spied them sprinkling over his shoulders as well.
“They want in on the deal,” Madge told him.
Cas glared at him.  “He already called, threatening to sue us.”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief and focused.  He had three balls left.  If he got all three in the hole, he would win the bigger prize.  He already had enough to get the bear.
Dean rang the doorbell.
“What the hell’s in South Dakota?” Gabe asked.
“Good!  I missed the barbecue last weekend and wanted to stop in and say hello!”
Wayne looked anything but worried.  “Blown?  To whom?  Gary?  He’s dead.  Your brothers?”
“Yummy,” Dean smirked.
“No.”  He kissed Castiel’s temple, holding him tight.  “I just don’t know what to do with this, Cas.”
Sam shook his head with a smirk.  “Ed mentioned that there was an issue with the water.  He said Naoki’s family, Rufus, and Bobby wouldn’t sign up for switching to city water.  He made it sound like water might be making Kat sick.  So, I figured it might be worth checking out.”
Dean froze in his steps, turning to Cas with a baffled look.  “You know that’s not a good thing, right?”
Castiel mustered a quiet hello as Dean tipped his head in greeting.
With everyone aptly subdued and focused now, they all sat in thought for several moments.
“Dr. Mahoney’s been our doctor for years!” Madge said gleefully.  “He’s the one that got us out of Needham Asylum!”
“Cas!” Dean burst, unable to compute how relaxed Cas was with all this.
Sam sat at the table, looking as down as Sully thought he would be.  He hugged him from behind, kissing his cheek.  “I was just getting ready to ask you out on a little date.”
Dean nodded, grinning.  “I remember that.”  The haunted memory passed between them.  Castiel and Gabe had scars on their faces to this day.  Small white lines where the glass had cut them.
“We are pack animals, ya know,” Dean said, scrolling through videos with his free hand.  “It’s pretty natural to want to be with people.  Touch people.”
His heart was thudding, and his mouth had gone completely dry.  He closed his fingers around Dean’s, marveling at the closeness from just a pair of hands.  “Yeah.”
“Why?” Gabe asked.
“Someone should call the hospital -“ Dean started, Donna holding up a hand to cut him off with a proud grin.
Dean scrunched his lips in worry.  “Kat’s heart rate is slowing down.  They’re worried about her kidneys too.  Naoki is the same.  Still in a coma.  I talked Olivia into going home for a shower and some sleep.  Poor thing was barely gone four hours before Chip showed up, nosing around.”
“Turns out that land Bobby’s squatting on is technically Fred’s,” Mahoney grinned maliciously.  “When I kill him, that land is ours.  Mr. Turner won’t be far behind.”
“A safe word?” Sam laughed.  “This is a picnic, not The Alamo.”
“Hi,” Sam grinned kindly.  “We wanted to stop in and share our sympathies and a casserole with you.”
Gabe rolled over, tucking Fletcher into him.  Fletcher had such fleeting, disjointed memories of his time with Justin and Cindy.  But any time talk of that time came up, he tended to shut down.  And no matter how they had come together, Fletcher was their son.  The adoption made them all happy, but the day they brought him home from the hospital and Cas and Dean had his room (which had been their room) with all new bedding and decorations that any little kid would love, they knew they were a family.  Fletcher’s gains were almost immediate.  The bed wetting was rare, he gained weight, he grew two inches in three months, the invisible grip around his Shoulders disappeared and he truly became a kid.  And Weems left.  There was not a dry eye in the house that day.  Their brave little boy was growing up way too fast.
Sam cleared his throat.  “I don’t need the jewels.  You left a money trail a mile wide and ten lanes deep.  I already have everything we need to tell -”
Gabe stifled a laugh, watching Wayne look at the house now too as the light went off and another one came on in a different room.
Dean laughed as Sam held his hands up.  “What?  Seriously, where was Donna?  I thought she’d...I don’t know, rescue me!”
They ate their fries and sipped sodas, talking about school, people they knew, and where they worked.  It seemed comfortable enough.
Sam laughed, glancing between the two.  “Yeah...okay.”
Her eyes darted behind them, looking for anyone else they brought.  But they were alone.
“Have you ever seen her like this?” Castiel asked quickly.
What else would Dean do in the name of ‘practice’ or ‘de-sensitizing’?  He gasped a little breath again.
Sam and Cas looked away, unnerved slightly by being caught being nosy.
Cas grinned, nodding.  That was true.
“We’ll ask Bobby in the morning.  He said he’d explain everything.  He seems to think we’d like it here.  He’s gotta have a reason why.”
Castiel blushed profusely.  “Hello, Dean.”
“Hi,” Sam, Gabe, and Cas said back.
“You...hunt monsters,” Cas said, in case Bobby was terribly mistaken and misspeaking.
Sam ran his hands through his hair.  He paced the room.  “I...what if I suck at being married?  What if I’m-“
“Same,” Gabe muttered.
Wasn’t that the truth.
Oh...but wait!  There are TWO epilogues coming!  And believe me, you are going to want to see what happened in the aftermath of having half the town arrested.  Do they: A) stay and become the new mayor/cops in Charming Acres  B) Hit the road, never to put down roots again  C) Go to jail because they got roped into all the dicey mess hacking and stalking their neighbors and coworkers? Or D) Hehe, you know I’m not gonna spoil the ending!  But you can count on me wrapping it ALL up!
“Yeah,” Dean nodded.  “Washing.  You wash.  Bossy.”
He sat back into the space of his own chair, focused back on his meal.  He caught a wizzing biscuit Gabe tossed at him, catching it in front of a startled, then glaring Cas.
Castiel watched him take a few steps before his feet stumbled into action.  “What exactly are you teaching me here, Dean?  That I’m gay and okay or that you and me have a chance at -”
Dean forced a grin.  “Yeah.  Sure.”
“I am the administrator,” Wayne said curtly, standing his straightest, which still was not as tall as Donna.
“Bobby, Rufus, this is Cas.”
“She did!” Marion said with concern.  “We are all being robbed!  It’s that leprechaun!  They aren’t all bad, but that Whittaker is the worst I’ve ever seen!”
“Get it!” Mahoney growled.
Dean laughed hard, clutching his beer as not to drop it.  Bobby and Rufus were killing him!  The pair were two of the grumpiest old men he had come across and funny as hell.  They both lived on Singer Lane, Rufus’ place was behind Naoki, Kat, and Olivia’s house, but Bobby’s was further back, more secluded in a patch of woods.  The pair seemed so different from most of the Lily Dale Lane inhabitants.
Sam and Gabe took off running as a stretcher came out of the Smith’s house.  Dean and Cas ran to chase them, the medics stopping as Gabe and Sam got there, panicking.
“Are you sleepy?” Sam asked, all soft brown eyes and warm hands as he ran one up the length of his short torso.
“I don’t know.  I figured it sounded so outlandish that he wouldn’t believe it.  And he didn’t.”
The door closed, and Dean scooted over, pressing against him.  He could hear water run in the kitchen as Dean’s mouth landed open and hot on his neck, making Castiel extend, pressing harder into him.
Sam grinned.  “She’s a great kid.”
He was used to living in cramped conditions.  Tight spaces where everyone could read the look on your face whether you were aware of it or not.  So, why was he feeling so damn crowded?
“I assume,” Cas said softly, “the ‘she’ was Brandy’s mother.”
“We’ll see,” Dean nodded cryptically.  “We’ll see about that.”
Dean only laughed, swimming away.
He rolled back toward his wall, thinking about last night.  Dean’s party had been a wonderful excuse to just watch him.  It was his celebration, after all.  Watching Dean with his mom and Sam left warm sensations in his chest.  Seeing Dean in a cap and gown had been an unexpected mixture of feelings.  He had looked so relieved and happy to have high school behind him.  He also looked incredibly adult.  While it excited Castiel to see these hints of change, it also made him feel further from him.
They all clammed up as the crowd’s attention was drawn to Fletcher crying.  Gabe left with him, making some sort of excuses as he headed out Melanie’s kitchen door for the yard (and some space).
Cas gave a thoughtful tilt to his head.  “Oh...yes, that would make sense.”
“Gabriel,” Castiel sighed.
“There aren’t many doctors in this town.  Perhaps he was seeking some medical advice,” Cas suggested.  “I’m sure I will meet the doctor tomorrow.”
“Sam told me plenty about your dad,” Cas went on.  “I’m glad you managed to find something good in the chaos he raised you in.”
“Hey,” Dean said, shaking their hands with a loaded grin.  Sam knew if he didn’t curb this conversation quickly enough, either Gabe or Dean were going to say something scandalous enough to make this incredibly awkward and start them off with a horrendous first impression.
Gabe nodded, watching as Maggie and Sue stepped off to the side again.  This time, Maggie was glaring at Cindy Smith, who was standing with Madge and Nellie.
“Fuck that.  Our room is ours.  If you want a state of the art waterfall shower system in there, you’ll get it.”
Dean slid an arm under him, taking a nipple between his thumb and finger as his other hand took his hard cock, stroking firm and rhythmic.
“I had a crazy thing in the bathroom at the restaurant last night.  It was kinda...all just looks at first, then he waved me over to the bathroom and... we kissed.  Made out.”
“Dude.”  Dean’s eyes glanced at him sharply before skirting over the room again.  “Why the hell would I tote around a handful of bone fragments any longer than I needed to?  And nothing says sketchy like fifteen garbage bags of dirt.”
Doitdoitdoit!  Castiel could feel his heart racing, his head lifting up toward Dean’s mouth.
Dean laughed, tugging Castiel’s hand.  “Maybe next time it’ll be worth talking about.”
“Too mushy?” He smirked, nipping Dean’s neck to make him squirm.
Cas squeezed Dean’s arm.  He hadn’t meant to fall asleep.  He turned, rousing Dean.
“Yeah,” she nodded, distracted with her coffee stirring.  “Sam and Dean would go.  She said Dean might be able to help too.”
“Morning, Sam,” Castiel turned, giving his friend an easy grin.  “I’ll be back.  I gotta grab my stuff and change.”
“You didn’t hear any noises?  Or see anyone sneaking around?”
“So, you live in this house?” Gabe asked, pointing to the house between the Smiths and their own.
“No, I -”
Gabe sighed with a low growl.  There were roughly 90 billion cooler nicknames than friggin’ Curbside.  “Idiots,” he swore.  “How about...The Trickster?  It’s sort of like Loki, but different.”
“Cas land okay?” Sam asked, knowing he was flying in from Tokyo.  He also knew that was Cas’ ringtone, much to Cas’ annoyance.
“I’m glad you’re here, Cassie,” he said quietly, watching as a truck came down Lily Dale Lane and turned onto the lane across from their house.
Cas and Dean exchanged a loaded glance, seeing where this was going.
“Dad’s downstairs.”
Cas saw him and headed for the booth, sliding in across from him.
“Engaged!” Dean piped in, everyone looking at them.
“You can babysit anytime,” Luc offered.
Cas knocked on the door.  Melanie was there quickly, out of breath and rushing around to pack.  “Hi!  Come in!”
Sam quickly stepped up, taking on his ‘work voice’. “Mr. Stark, we understand you were in business with Gary.  A, uh, shopping center, I believe?”
He crossed the street, skirting around some cops arresting a woman named Ruby that lived two doors down.  He tried not to look, keeping a low profile.  He cut through an alley and down another, arriving at Luc’s house before he could lose his nerve.
Dean frowned a little harder, eyes avoiding him.
“Nah.  But I’ve been around Tessa before.  You’re right.  She likes to slum it in the summertime.  Date bad boys from south side.  Then she’ll dump you like trash come August.”
“You are coming to the barbecue?” Cas asked, stepping out the door to join Sam.
She didn’t LOOK like a werewolf.  But then again, Dean had never actually seen one.  She had a bright yellow sweater on and shirt with tiny floral print.  She looked...wholesome.
Should they stay or should they go?
Cas chuckled low and warm.  “If you say so.”
“Yeah.  Small town.  But Sioux Falls has everything you could need.  And what they don’t got, you can buy on line.”
“Yeah, really,” Dean huffed.
“He is the one that saves your sorry ass,” Dean cut in.  “If it weren’t for Cas, you’da bled out and most likely become a blood sucker.”
Bobby blew out a breath, eyes rolling toward the brim of his hat as his head wagged back and forth in calculation.  “Musta been...twenty-five years ago.”
“Right, right!  My bad!”  Balthazar’s shoulders sagged and he actually began to look contrite.  “This is...all my fault.  I am clearly in the wrong.  Castiel, I’m terribly sorry to have marred our friendship.  And as it turns out, terribly bad for my business.”
Dean and Gabe’s eyes locked in mutual understanding.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean laughed, finding him adorable.
Sam and Dean headed down the porch steps, crossing the street to the Carrigans.  Nosy Nellie, pointlessly checking her empty mailbox, gave them a scathing look as she scrambled into her house.
Dean looked up at his boyfriend, perturbed look on his face, sunglasses, Levi’s t-shirt that was actually his, and all of that gorgeousness mirrored on Baby’s shiny top.  He slid his phone in his pocket, waving Gabriel’s (hilarious) conversation away as he slid his own sunglasses on.  “Ready to hit New Orleans?”
Cas nodded.  “It is.  He seemed like a very nice man.”  Cas remembered yesterday’s questioning of Deb and felt a pang of guilt about it.  He also remembered Gabe saying Wayne thought it was aliens, which was certainly out of the box thinking.  “I understand you think he may have been...abducted.”
“And...that was it!”  Pain lit the end of his finger as she clamped harder and yanked his nail out in one strong tug.  “OWWW!”  Dean panted and fisted his bleeding finger as Madge held it up like a trophy.  “You bitch!”
“But why would Wayne meet Mahoney just to give him tea?” Sam asked.
He scanned the floor plans, choosing the third floor, where they were.  He grinned as he pinned the third floor to the wall.
“Just like Imelda,” Sam announced, getting a sly nod from Cas and another from Dean.  “Gabe said her family mentioned something very similar.  They had bonds and jewelry in a lock box and it was empty when they went to get it.”
“Just hungry,” he had managed.  And he stared at the green eyes he had always thought were so pretty.  But now, they were on him.  Him alone.  With care and concern.  It was overwhelming.
“No.  Just ran into Mom.  Had to tell her about the movie and stuff.”
“And Jack is a friend of yours?” Dean asked.
“No, I just walk,” Luc mocked.  “Come on, Novak!  Live a little!  I’ll drive you straight home!”
“Have you, now?” Gabe grinned.
“Hey, Sam.”  They did a half-hug, slap on the back thing and both sat down.  To his surprise, Sam didn’t ask anything.
He waved to Garth, letting him know he was taking his break.  Garth waved back, heading to the counter to take over.
“What is this?” Sam asked, poking the cheesy mess on his plate.  He preferred his food intact enough to recognize what it was.  And not touching.  This was...gooey.  “Who made it?”
Dean’s eyebrows jumped and a smile stuttered across his lips.  Dean laughed a little, his cheeks pinking at the response.  “Yeah, uh, it’s...time.”
“I’m Thor,” Sam deadpanned.
Cas stepped out of the bathroom, seeing that the dark pattern on the wall beside the bed was actually rippled glass looking into the shower.  He turned to Dean with a grin, his heart rate jumping at the eager, yet tentative, look on Dean’s face.
“Nope.”
She nodded.
Next to Fletcher, a lawn chair lay on its side.  At his feet lay a set of sheets.
“You’ll be back tomorrow, right?” Gabe asked.
Oh God.
“Nope.  Wherever you take me is fine with me.”
Dean gave him a cocky grin.  “No.  I don’t think she’ll care if I hold hands with you.  She isn’t even really my girlfriend.  I just said that.”
Dean nodded, shying away from him a little.  “Yeah.  I was thinking the same thing.”
Sully’s smile barely faded before turning to Cas, who frowned and simply said, “No.”
He and Gabriel agreed to go.  Besides, Castiel was sick of his hand hurting so badly.  And they were both hungry.
They came inside, sitting their bags by the door.
Cas’ mouth watered with want.  He hung his head as Dean stepped closer again.  “How fast this goes is up to you.”  He stood next to Cas, sliding one hand down the crack of Cas’ ass, sweeping up and down several times.
They rode five rides before Gabe started looking green.  He totally denied feeling sick, but he was getting pale and sweaty.
As Cas walked away, Dean closed his eyes in defeat.
“I knew the clown was gonna freak you out, Sam,” Gabe shook his head, putting an arm around Sam’s shoulders.
Sam laughed, but Castiel felt slightly lost.  Dean wanted to move.  Maybe that’s why he was so willing to try things with him.  It didn’t really matter because he was moving.  Castiel reasoned that it didn’t matter.  When they got home, this little experiment was over.
“So, I did some digging,” Sam said, getting up to put his laptop on the counter out of spilling-range, “and get this, ALL five of the police officers in Charming Acres have major ties to Chip Harrington.  Two are his nephews and one is married to his wife’s best friend.  The sheriff, Donna Hanscum, is brand new to the area, but she’s engaged to one of Chip’s nephews.  The dispatcher is a local lady who’s married to a guy that works in the mayor’s office!”
“You still have one more screw to put in,” Cas interrupted him.
“I’m going over to a guy’s house.  It might not really be a date.  I’m not sure.”
Mahoney relaxed with a confident grin, his gun going to his side in a loose grip.  Wayne did the same, looking like he preferred to put the thing down but didn’t know just where to stick it.
Cas nodded and Gabe left him to his work.  He felt rattled.  How could someone kill Goldy?  How evil did you have to be to not admit to your own incompetence and hurt people, kill people, because you don’t know what you are doing?!  He felt a new sense of protection for the residents.  And all of them were under Mahoney’s care.
“I think you’re supposed to -” Dean whispered.
Dean stammered at that.  How did Cas have him so figured out?
Cas gasped, staring wide-eyed and wanting at Dean.  Their sex life had certainly taken on a moodiness that the couple enjoyed.  They were romantic and sweet, desperate for a quickie, playful, experimental.  Then there were moments when they wanted more.  Cas could take over, tearing Dean apart with slow, controlled, tortuous foreplay, making him wait to orgasm.
As they headed back to Luc’s apartment, Jack started getting fussy.  They carried him back up to the second floor.  “He just needs a bottle,” Luc said loudly over the crying.  “Here.  Can you just hold him for a few minutes?”
He was speechless for a moment.  “Oh.”
“Sully is the counselor for Charming Elementary,” Sam explained.  “So, he has the kids and I get the teenagers.”
“Hello!  First time at Good Graces?” the host said as soon as they walked in.  He smiled at them both like they were adorable friends he had not seen in years.
Sam leaned forward, all ears.  “What happened?”
He nodded, petting a hand over his hair.  “But I’m okay.  How are you doing?”
“She passed away this morning,” he said quietly.
“Ms. Dowling would be so happy to keep you at her boarding house,” Cas teased.
“Yep,” Dean said determinately, taking Cas’ hand, following their brothers.
“I see that,” Cas grinned harder.  “I was thinking a little more local.  The Moonlight Motel.”
“Yeah,” Dean grinned.  “Move with me,” he whispered.
Crowley nodded, steepling his hands under his chin.  “Well, there is more than one way to skin a werewolf.  But I suspect you are trying to save one.”
“That’s an awfully big jump in the game, asking me to sleep with you, Cas.”
“The mayor greets everyone who moves to town?” Dean asked, watching him with open suspicion.
“Definitely ain’t my cup of tea,” Bobby bitched.  “Speakin’ of tea, you want a beer, Cas?”
Castiel gasped when hot cum sprayed up his back.  Castiel rolled quickly, stroking the last bit of orgasm from Dean, kissing his soft moans into silence.
“That was so good.  So good.”  Castiel reveled in the feeling of Dean’s warm chest against his back and wiggled in tighter to fit perfectly against him.
“Your wife,” Cas nodded, realizing he was making the man uncomfortable, nodded along.  “Right.”
“I’m so sorry that happened to you,” Cas said softly.
Chip held his hands out as if this were as easy as pie.  “But their hearts stopped.”
Dean gripped his hips, steering him onto the huge cushion with him.  They moved to the center of it, loving the feel of skin on skin.  Cas laid back, letting Dean cover him with tender strokes and kisses, stopping to suck his dick multiple times.
“Bye,” Sam answered, getting up to give Chuck his game back.
“Acted,” Gabe noted, holding a finger up in thought.  “She must have thought she was being watched or listened to.”
“Oh, you’re coming too,” Gabe added.
“Cuffs?” Gabe offered his hands up.
Castiel leaned in, kissing him.  “I’m looking forward to it.”
Castiel grabbed the dropped phone.  “Hello?”
“I insist!” Ed grinned.
“He needs to know, Sam.  You gotta...tell him.”  He shrugged.  “I know it’s bullshit for ME to tell you to communicate better, but, dude.  You gotta talk to him.”
“Did you speak to him?” Cas asked, taking his first drink of milkshake.
Sam huffed a laugh as Gabe and Cas rolled their eyes.
“Okie dokie,” Donna nodded, pulling out a notepad to write something down.
The puppy bounded around awkwardly, and the song made it all the more funny.  They both laughed.  When the video ended, Castiel found himself exactly where he had been wishing he could be all week.  Tight against Dean, shoulder to shoulder, leg against leg.
He’d stopped tipping the little jerk when he learned that.
“Yeah.  Did welding on the ships in port until I figured out I could make even more money fishing.  Plus, I got paid better because I could haul fish, weld, work on the ship’s engine, and generally stay out of trouble.”
“Shucks,” Justin frowned.  “I don’t think we do!  Martini?”
“What did you need?” Gabe asked.
*****************************************************
“Wayne?” Gabe clarified.
Bobby shrugged.  “Comes with land and homes for each pair of ya.  Jack, sweet kid that he was, won’t be back.  He donated all the land here, and the house to the hunters.  Just down the lane there’s another house, just as nice as this one.”
“Awesome!” Sam grinned.
“Cas...let’s go...” go where?  And do what?  Should he just come out and say, ‘let’s go have sex’?  Beg?  Why couldn’t he just say it?  He wanted Cas.  In a bed.  Hell, the Frieling’s picnic table would suffice!
“Ms. Dowling!” He shouted.
Sam and Dean watched with disbelief as the cruiser pulled away.
“We live two houses over,” Cindy went on, pointing to indicate the first house on Lily Dale Lane.
“Dean,” Jody called over the din.  “This is Bess, the friend I mentioned earlier that came to visit Brandy.”
Cas moaned softly, spreading his knees.  Dean bent down, kissing him hard, pressing two fingers inside.  He pulled up, watching, eyes roving Cas’ face.  Lightening flickered.  Thunder rolled.  Dean flicked one finger, crooking the other, jolting Cas with a shock of pleasure.
“Oh, yeah, I’m Sam.”  He tucked his wet hair behind his ears, signing the electronic rectangle.  As he handed it back, he noticed that across the street an ambulance was sitting in front of Naoki and Olivia’s house.  He hadn’t heard any sirens, but he’d been preoccupied with his shower.
Dean turned to look at him, Cas turning to do the same.  Dean’s arms were folded behind his head, while Cas’ were clasped lightly over his stomach.  They weren’t even touching.  But as their gaze held, Cas felt his heart do a little flip.
“Son of a bitch!” Gabe gasped, whipping around to give Marion an apologetic look, making her look even more intrigued.
They all exchanged clueless glances.  “Cas and I will figure it out.  Then we can take it over to her house tonight.”  Cas gave Dean a curious and amused smirk, taking another bite of his burger.  Dean grinned back, looking a little shy about it.
“Maybe you are.”
“Exactly,” Dean hissed.
Dean gave him a shaky, worried look.
It was more commonly Gabe, but this was not Castiel’s first suspension either.
She came to the foot of her short driveway to talk to them.  “Out scoping the neighborhood?”
Camille shrugged helplessly.  “Why would they be?  I mean, they’re weird, but I can’t imagine them being a part of anything like that.”  She squinted in thought.  “I don’t know.”
“You don’t know shit about my equipment,” Dean snapped, making Gabe chuckle.
And here they were today, surrounded by a sea of people who were rooted into lives that took place here.  And if they were both staying, there was no way Cas was letting any opportunity be missed.  He liked Dean.  A lot.  In some ways, he already loved him.  In the way that someone is so good to someone else you love that your love just sort of seeps across lines and extends in the knowledge of them.  Dean had paid for most of Sam and Gabe’s wedding.  He sent them huge gifts.  He brought them to Alaska more than once to visit.  And he accepted and even loved Gabe, which was no simple thing.  Gabriel could be...a lot.  He was casual about it.  But he had been on the phone with Gabe one time when Dean was leaving from visiting the pair.  He’d hugged Gabe and said he loved him.  Like family does.  Like good family does.
“What was that?” Cas asked.
“What did I miss?” Dean said, “Deckhand is officially back on deck.”
Dean smirked.  “First loves are forever, but she don’t keep me too warm at night.  Though I’ve slept in here more times than I can count.”  He glanced at Cas, finding the man not appreciating the road at all.  In fact, he was shifted against the door, elbow on the window ledge, watching every move Dean made, with a sultry grin.
“About Dorothy leaving.  About what to do.  About...leaving.”
“Have you kissed anyone?”
Gabe shook his head, accepting Castiel’s arm around his shoulders with only a slight elbow jab.
He turned carefully and took the two steps to the bed.  And though he wanted to throw him on it and ravage him, he rounded the end of the bed and laid him down like the gem he was.  It was not just his eyes that sparkled like emeralds, but his entire body was precious and needed to be tended to and marked.  Marked with kisses and raking fingernails, and tasted.
Cas snickered.  Dean said that about every single one of them.  His grin drifted into an open mouth when he heard the lid pop open.  He watched as Dean drizzled lube generously onto his hand, spreading it to both hands with an eager glint to his eyes.
Gabe leaned over, putting his hand over Sam’s mouth and kissing his hand lewdly.  “Oh, baby!”
“Sounds good.”  He walked off, heading back toward the entrance to the boardwalk.
“I wasn’t sure you wanted this,” Cas murmured, watching their heads disappear into his fists.
“That’s Brandy.” Cas wondered why she was here.
Jack dozed off, the almost empty bottle falling from his slack mouth.
“I don’t!” Cas shrugged.  “But she asked!  She is putting something together.”
Sam huffed irritably.  “I never did like Christmas.”
Castiel grinned a little wider.  “Does he live with you?”
“So, this was your dad’s?” Cas asked.  “I don’t think Sam ever told me that.”
Gabe lost his look of faux niceness.  “Well, I’m happily married.  But I’ll be sure to let someone who cares know.”
Castiel looked at them coming into the room, then at the TV, then at his own hands.  Anywhere but at Dean.
Sam shut his laptop with a sigh, rubbing his eyes when Dean and Cas walked in with a late lunch that day.
Crowley rolled his eyes.  “If you’re here about Mother, I haven’t heard anything.”
“Sons a bitches,” Bobby swore.
“I like her,” Gabe stated.
Ed came down the steps, surprise growing on his face as he took in the situation.
Castiel grinned.
“Well damn,” Gabe said quietly.  “That was fast.”
Castiel gasped when Dean straddled him over the blankets.  “Ready for training level two?”  Dean grinned, putting both open hands on Castiel’s sides.
A nurse came in since the call-light was still on.  “What’s going on?” She asked pleasantly.
“Of course it is!” Cas disagreed.  “A third wheel adds extra grip, greater stability.”
“Please,” Chip laughed.
“Okay,” Don sighed, “look, it’s true I had a recent little...thing with a business associate, but that’s all it was.”
Everything moved in slow motion as Donna’s voice rang out from the hall, Chip and Wayne flinching immediately.
Chapter 15:  Epilogue 1 - Peace of Mind
“Of course.”  He handed him the plate of raw burgers, passing him a bit closer than really was necessary, and retrieved the plate from the food table, now half empty of burnt discs.
Cas waved him off.  “You’ll have to come for dinner one night.  She thinks Elvis is ‘just swell’.”
“Goodnight,” Dean said sleepily, kissing a random spot on his chest.
He wondered what Gabe, Sam, and Dean would have to say about this.  He really didn’t want to know.  But Luc could really use a friend.  At least he was trying to be a dad.
“Well...yeah!  You were a hospice nurse!  You gotta be a special kind of person to help people in a time like that.”
Dean punched him again, yelling, “You keep your filthy fucking hands off my husband!”
Dean smirked, pulling onto Prosperity Drive.  They both saw Mrs. Dowling standing on her porch, watching them with a frown.
“Was that so hard to admit?” Gabe grinned.
Gabriel backed up quick enough, but Castiel did not move any further.  Honestly, he was star-struck.
Melanie laughed again, regaining some levity and strength.  “We did.  He was all curiosity and nerdy questions!”  She blew out a heavy sigh.  “I need a drink,” she said matter-of-factly.
Dean rolled his eyes, putting the guitar down and took four.  “Light me up.”
She pulled back, looking at him.  “You can’t do that!”
Dean laid down, his hand sliding down Castiel’s chest hot and steady.
“Just a friend of Charlie’s.  She’s no one.”
“Hey, you at work?”
“I will.  Night, Mom.”  He went into his room, grabbing his small duffel bag.  He put the Jim Beam in the bag with a pair of pajama pants and his toothbrush.
They followed Madge into their living room, freezing in the doorway when they saw Wayne Whittaker standing there in front of the Christmas tree.
“That was...”
Castiel chuckled, dropping to his pillow.  “Shit.”
Gabe fiddled with the phone, checking all the plugs.  He found a loose connection and tested it, hearing the dial tone.  “Now you’re in business!”  He dialed Melanie’s phone number as she recited it to him, then handed her the phone, heading on to his office to see what was next on his to-do list.
“Yeah.  Just like Gary’s.  Something is so wrong with this town, Cas.  We gotta figure out what’s goin’ on.  There’s no way in hell I’m living here.  And I wouldn’t let Sam and Gabe stay either.  Not unless we can figure out why people are dying.”
He grinned slightly, stepping back.  “It’s Castiel.”
Cas’ glare slipped into a pleading pant.  “Dean.”
“Likewise,” Bobby said smoothly.
“Yeah,” he panted, louder than he meant to.
“Quit encouraging him.”
“Anything,” Castiel answered, eyes wide.
It was enough to knock Gabe off his feet.  Castiel had stepped in, holding an arm out to deflect the next item, but it was more than his scrawny arm could stop.  A huge stone paperweight hit his hand, breaking two fingers.
“Two points!” Gabe cheered, buttoning up quick when Sam’s bitchface went from Dean to him.
“I did,” he grinned again, amused already with Dean.
“Hello!” The man said, smiling a mile wide.  “Delivery for Sam and Gabe Winchester!”
Bobby nodded, looking a little dazed.
He nodded his head reluctantly.
“I might know where he is.”
Fletcher hugged him, making Gabe finally grin.  With Gabe came Dean and Melanie, Cas shortly after, still shaking off the Smiths.
Sam’s face went from confused to an appreciative grin quickly.  “That was really nice of you, Sully.  I’m doing okay.  I mean, it is shocking.  We just met the guy.”
As Gabe left, Marion parked a chair outside the door to her room, next to Sheila, like a sentry.
“Your mom won’t always be watching every move you make, Kevin.  Sometimes you have to live a little.”
Melanie’s look soured.  “If they hurt Grandma - ”
“You good?” Dean grinned.
Dean nodded.  He closed his eyes, lowering his forehead to Cas’.  “I’ll kill him if he ever tries anything again.”
Dean sat on the top step of Sam’s porch, waiting for everyone to finish changing from the funeral.  His thoughts of settling into this strange town were getting weaker by the day.  While Sam handled the internet-digging on Gary’s situation, he was completely distracted with the neighbor kid.  With Sam’s focus on the Frieling house, the Starks and the Smiths, it was no wonder he was busy.  Cas and Gabe were trying to figure out just what the hell was going on at Sunset Fields with Doctor Mahoney.  Considering both of those issues had deaths tied to them (potentially murders), he felt a little lost on his own.  He’d had more time to watch the neighbors than the others did.  The Carrigans were cheerful fruit loops, tending to their yard of Christmas decor, bushes, hedges, and little patches of gardens in the back yard.  Nellie was a front porch look-out while Wayne the alien guru/leprechaun was at work all day.  The Starks raised a raucous every now and then with arguing.  Maggie staying with Sue was definitely not enough separation for the pair.  The neighborhood kids went on about their summer with swimming and sleepovers.  And imaginary friends.  Melanie was dealing with the death of Goldy.  And nights still brought out the swingers.  PJ sneaking over to Deb’s, Olivia sometimes joining them, when she wasn’t at the hospital.  Cindy heading to the Stark’s, Justin heading to the Whittaker’s (yep, he threw up in his mouth a little bit when he caught that one), and even Sue sneaking across the street to PJ’s house.  These little sneaky trips weren’t only relegated to night time.  There was plenty happening during the day.  And Nellie spent a good deal of time with Madge Carrigan, not that it surprised him.  Plenty of these sneaky little trips may have had nothing to do with sex, but it did not change the behavior that went with it.  Glancing over shoulders and scampering looked quite different than the parading walks couples took with their bright smiles and wide eyes.
Dean stepped back.  Castiel followed him step for step as if his body was in a trance.  Dean had suit pants and a dress shirt on.  The dress shirt was open.  Had he arrived ten minutes earlier, Dean could have been fresh out of the shower.  His hair was still damp.
“They gonna plan parties too, Sammy?” Dean asked, making Cas laugh and elbow him.
“She said we might go with Sam.”  Butterflies erupted in his stomach just thinking about Dean being there.  “Well, Mary, Sam, and Dean.”
“Then I’ll be back,” Castiel smirked.  “Gabe gets really cuddly, fair warning.”
Castiel looked at Dean’s green eyes.  “I was...little when we met.”
Fred stayed in Bobby’s car as the rest stood around outside of it, Fletcher half asleep on Sam’s shoulder.
At the kiss to his shoulder, Dean turned, peeking at him.
Cas gave Sam a scolding smirk.  “They might be losing their memory, but these residents see Mahoney and Wayne more than anyone.”
Frustrated, he sat up, staring at the door.
She rolled her eyes, scoffing.  “Let me see what I can do for ya fellas.”
The front screen door opened with a light creak and Cas stepped onto the porch, beer in hand.  “I don’t know how you sleep in the same house as them.”
Castiel, having had enough of Ms. Dowling for one day, sighed in irritation.  “When my door is closed, please have the courtesy of staying out.  Manners work both ways, Ms. Dowling.”  Her stunned look was enough to make him feel better.  “Dean, I think it’s time we actually get this date started.”
Melanie Golden, wearing denim shorts and a gingham plaid top, brought a much-needed air of normalcy to the little crowd that had gathered around him and Sam.  She waved at them, walking a large bowl of sliced watermelon to the table.  Another woman was with her.  Her black, curly hair springing from a yellow wrap around her head that matched her yellow top.  From the way she glanced around at the crowd, like they were weird, Gabe thought there might be hope for her too.
“Yeah, I wasn’t too happy about it either.  He’s gonna keep an eye on Brandy until she turns.  And get this, Bess is moving in with him too.”
Castiel’s wide eyes whited out, his entire body arching off the bed.  He was coming!  Cum shot up his chest and slicked the pressed dicks in a flood of warm, silky heaven.
Castiel took mercy on Dean’s stammering.  “It’s okay, Dean.  Let’s...we can figure it out later, okay?”
Sam chewed his bottom lip.  “Or maybe it stands for William.”
“He doesn’t like staying with St. Nicotine?” Dean said sarcastically.  “Shocker.”
“Dean,” Sam warned.
Cas grinned as Dean rolled his eyes.
He was surprised to see Dean wasn’t pissed.  Instead, he looked confused.
Castiel turned to look at his brother.  Gabe was strewn across his bed, shoes still on and watching him closely.
Jody grinned, chuckling.  “Not up for church life?”
Sam chuckled.  “I guess you’re right.”
Gabe grinned up at him from the floor, spying the steaming cup of coffee in his hand.  “Please tell me that’s mine.”
“I’ve been here several times,” Cas said, walking a bit closer to Dean, letting a man, woman, and dog pass them.  “I’ve started a snack habit since dinner has been so...”
“What is it?” Gabe asked.
He laid back, more full of nerves than he had felt in a while.
“No,” Sam relented.
Sam’s grin went wider, and he leaned forward a little further.  “The GOOD details.”
They both laughed hard.
“Cas.”
“Now we figure out how to shut you all up,” Wayne said darkly.  “And everyone has their price.”
“Yeah.  He’s worried you’re upset about Gary Frieling.”
Castiel nodded.  “I just don’t want her to be disappointed.”
Dean’s hand disappeared from its firm clamp on his hip, slipping out of his shorts.  He sat up, pushing and deepening his kiss.
They lightly searched all three bedrooms, only finding basic jewelry in Cindy’s room that looked like things she would wear.  They gathered Fletcher’s telescope and chart and left the house.
Castiel groaned, dropping back on the bed.  “Go away, Gabriel.”
“What would Justin know about love?  Dude doesn’t sleep with his own wife,” Dean scoffed, staring into Cindy’s room again.  “I mean, what the hell?” He chuckled.
“Yeah.  What’s suspenders have to say about all this.  Cuz apparently imaginary friends have boyfriends now.  And get married.”
“He’s not here yet,” Dean grinned, holding his hand out.
“Well -” his phone vibrated in his pocket, cutting off all other thoughts.  He grabbed it, expecting it to be Cas.
“Get the hell outta there,” Bobby said, trying not to sound as amused as he was.
Dean gave his brother a look, Sam lifting his hands in surrender.
Castiel grinned at him, turning to his side to face him.  He lightly ran his hand along Dean’s shoulder, then down across his chest.  Dean closed his eyes.  He took Dean’s hand in his again, cuddling it to his own chest.
“Stop it,” Sam scolded, taking his hand again.  “You’ve met Sully before.  You knew he was like that.”
He had a date with an ice machine that was giving the staff fits at the nursing station.
Maddie shook her head no.  “My counselor says Sparkle helps me.  I wish Kat had a friend.  I asked Sparkle -”
They celebrated the end of their last real summer together by going to the movies to see the remake of IT.  It had been as terrifying as promised.  They walked the half mile home in the dark.  It was something they had done many, many times.  Now, it felt like something that would only happen a few more times.
Dean hugged him back.  He was happy his brother was feeling better.  He deserved the best of everything.  “You’re welcome, Sammy.”
“I didn’t mean to get Castiel in trouble,” Marion fretted.
“Here,” he handed Melanie the phone.
Cas nodded slowly, looking quite unconvinced.
Garth had just stepped in behind the counter, getting ready to start his shift.
“Is Mrs. Golden well?” Castiel asked, seeing the doctor remove a med from her list.
Bobby looked to Rufus for help, Rufus shrugged.
“Oh yeah?” Dean asked.  “So Krissy falls head over heels in love with a werewolf-“
“Cas,” Dean whispered.
Bobby groaned.
Cas gave him a thankful smile.
Castiel held the stare, a giggle pushing through.
“Ya fucked up, Bobby,” Rufus stated.
They exchanged a grin and Castiel got out of the car.
Cas nodded, wiping a tear away.  “I was with her.  It was...” his sadness flushed into anger.  “It didn’t make sense.  Like everything in this fucking town!”
“What I always say.  Yes.”
Dean swatted Sam’s pushy hands away just before he stepped out the front door, trying his damnedest to pull off a look of cool, calm, and collected.
Dean said something he never thought he’d say.  “Nicky the mermaid?”
“Thanks, Mary,” Naomi said, hugging her.  “What are we going to do with these boys?”
Sam nodded reluctantly.  “I will miss this porch.  A little.”
“Did ya ever see her hit the staff or other residents?” Donna asked quickly.
“He ain’t gettin’ outta my sight,” Bobby assured him, following the police car the whole way to the station.
“Breathe,” Dean whispered, pulling his head closer to Castiel an inch.
“Yeah!  I mean, I’d rather you were staying here, but I get it, man.”  Garth gave him a warm smile as he patted his shoulder.  “This town just wasn’t a good fit for you.”
“Yep.  You said don’t say anything, so I...said nothing!”
“What would I do without you,” he smiled at her with a lazy, flirty grin, winking at her.  Cas glanced at Dean, who glanced at both he and Sam.  They were all picking up on some vibes between the two.
“Holy shit!  You bought jeans!”
Castiel looked up at her, a smile spreading on his face.  “Really?  We can afford that?”
Sam took the lead, opening the door easily.  “Basement,” he said darkly.  He flipped the light on and took a deep breath before heading down the steps.
He had learned to not ignore signs around him that something was off kilter.  And something was definitely off kilter.
Rufus laughed outright.
“She isn’t a wolf!”  Father Murphy snapped.
“Enjoying the view.”  Luc looked out over the town.
“Gotta get you braver somehow, right?  I mean, you might be the one making the moves, rather than waiting on them to do it.”
Castiel knew he was blushing profusely.  He stared down at Dean’s carpeted floor, eventually letting his eyes travel up to his nightstand.  There was a picture of his family, dad and all.  There was a picture of Dean sitting in the driver’s seat of the Impala with a boss grin.  Castiel grinned, remembering the day Dean got his license.  Sam was sitting next to him, Charlie by the door.  In the back seat, Castiel grinned with Gabe, Chuck, and Jo all squished in with him.  It had been a fun day.
Dean was so Goddam proud, he could cry.  Atta boy, Sammy.
“You?” Sam stammered in disbelief.  “You’re the...boss?”
Sam was the youngest of the group, but had skipped a grade in junior high, putting him in their class.
“Oh,” Luc grinned, his voice dipping a little and his smile quirking.  “Is that Gabriel?”
Dean giggled with a naughty catch.  “When we get to Sioux Falls...I don’t wanna live with Sam and Gabe.  They have Fletcher now and...”
“Of course,” Cas nodded, wrapping his hands around Dean’s wrists.  “I love you.”
“Well, your town reeks.  It smells just like you.  Full of shit.”  Bobby, though his gun was lowered, still looked damn intimidating.
“Now, why would I be mad at you, Dean?” Castiel flashed him a sarcastic grin.
Dean’s eyebrows rose in judgement.  “So...you’re keeping her around?”
Goldy blinked at him from her bed.  She had long, dark brown hair with only a few silver strands, despite her age, that she often wore in a high bun.  Today it was down as she was laying in bed.  Gabe shushed himself, seeing she was lying down.  He walked over to her.  “Hey, Goldy!” He said softly.
“Hurry up!” He whispered, hearing them decline the invitation from Mrs. Burman.
“Yep,” Sam tried for a grin.
“Maybe they are just talking,” Cas countered.
Ellen, Jo, and Pam left the table, Donna joining them.
It was a rainy day and Castiel had decided he needed to just man-up and get out of his room already.  Sam would undoubtedly want to talk about it.  Castiel just wasn’t quite ready.  He wasn’t ready for his best friends to think of him differently.
“Very good!” Madge said proudly, changing her mind about the pliers and his hand.  She tossed them onto the table, picking up a rusty pair of channellocks.  “Let’s go for a tooth this time.”
“No,” Sam agreed, squatting down next to him, looking at the paper.  “But what’s happening at Sunset Fields has got to be linked to the strip mall situation.”
Dean smirked at Sam’s look of confusion as Gabe sidled up to him.  “They’re going to -”
As his eye traveled over the vast array of items, he nodded.  He found pawn shops and thrift stores to be quite interesting treasure hunts.
Dean sat back.  “So...”
“She died,” Sam stated.
They ran.  Ran away.  For the first time, they felt like brothers.  True brothers.  Bleeding together will do that.  They both had shards of glass on the sides of their faces.  They pulled the chunks of glass out and took care of each other for two days.
“The gravy is very salty.  And the roast requires a lot of gravy because of how dry it is!”
They sat chairs around and staked down an umbrella.  It was early, barely 10am and it was already hot.  Dean put a radio on low and sat back in a lounge chair, sunglasses on and attitude written all over his face.
“Okay,” she smiled, sitting a mug down.
********************************************
“You’re the best, Marion!”  He stood up, kissing the top of her head.  He peeked at Griffin Tate’s cards again and held up one finger to Fred, whose eyes lit up.
Dean nudged him to move and Castiel’s hopes sunk slowly.
Dean gave him an I’ll-get-you-later grin before he plastered a smile on for Garth.  “I’m thinking about it.  Not too sure about this place yet.”
“And now you have help,” Dean said.
Castiel stepped back pulling his own shorts down and stroked twice, coming hard on the floor.  Dean had turned, leaning his back against the wall, watching him.  His face was flushed, and his mouth hung open, still breathing hard.
“But you do it in your time.”
Gabe gave him a surprised look and Sam apologized again.  He did look exhausted.
“I’ll hold your hair back,” Sam laughed, putting an arm around Gabe as well.
Sam couldn’t stop looking between the two of them.  The change in Dean was pretty telling.  He couldn’t remember the last time Dean looked so happy and relaxed.  “And the date went well,” he stated again.
“Yes,” Sam grinned.  “I hope that’s alright with you.”
“Now you have to burp him,” Luc grinned.  He got up, taking jack and a burp cloth.  He put him on his shoulder, patting his back.
Sam circled something in his notes and wrote quickly.  “Timeline?” He asked.
Dean put his arm around Castiel to turn and look as he backed out.  “Sorry,” Dean grinned, so in his space Castiel could smell his body wash.
“So, an ‘accident’,” Cas said, not curbing his suspicion at all and forgetting to not air quote as Dean teased him for.
“Naomi,” Sam said, stepping forward, “this is all my fault.  I’m the one who got in the fight.  Cas just jumped in because Mrs. Nelson said whoever was in the fight couldn’t go to graduation.  I...”
Garth stared at him.
Catching himself against the wall, Cas chuckled with more heat than amusement now.  “You better watch how excited you get me.  I know you don’t like shower sex.”
“Or they’re onto him,” Dean worried aloud.
Cas nodded.  “I understand.  I do not want my heart exploding like a ripe melon in the sun.  But Dean...we have to DO something.”
Cas’ mouth dropped open in horror.  Dean tried to cover his smile with his hand.
But none of that held a candle to the fact that the blonde one (who might be a daughter of one of the bikers) had blood splatter on her t-shirt.  She kept her flannel closed most of the time, but three times now it had flapped back to reveal blood.  And he was no forensic expert, but he was pretty sure there was blood on her jeans and boots as well.
“Save this file,” Sam said.  “I think you’re right, Gabe.  Something’s really strange about coming to work just to hand someone a teabag.”
Dean shrugged.  “I’ll bring it up.  They’re gonna say yes though.”
Flabbergasted, Cas stared at him with his mouth hanging wide open.
Castiel let his eyes drift almost closed, keeping a watch on their moms and their brothers.
“No,” Dean snorted.  “That’s what’s so crazy.  This is good.  You did good, Sam.  Real good.”
“We did.”  Dean’s grin sobered as he looked at Castiel steadily.  “I know I don’t always have the brightest ideas.  I’m not proud of how all this started.  Or how it has turned out so far.  All I know is, somewhere between the moment I met you and that beach trip, I fell in love with you.”
Silence filled the room as they exchanged stunned glances.
“I know it sounds insane.  Donna knows.  Jody.  Jody’s girls.  They all hunt.”
Castiel turned back to Luc.  “I don’t have to go.”
Cas’ previously propped foot stomped to the porch.  He leaned forward with a glare that made Dean simultaneously breathless and laugh.  “She LOVES Sam!  ‘That nice, tall young man?’.” He mocked.  “You should see how she talks to me versus Sam!”
“Yeah.  In a few hours.  Why?”
Sam turned around from the front seat.  “That was Dorothy, Charlie’s new girlfriend.”
“I told him to stay out of my dresser!” His roommate, Stanley, hollered from where he laid in his bed.
In the middle of his meal, he found out how wrong he was.  He was on his second rib, fingers covered in sauce and mouth full when he felt Dean nudge his foot.  He glanced at him, the pair holding a quick gaze.  Castiel had nowhere to move or go as he felt Dean’s socked foot slide up his inner calf, up his thigh, and nestle right into his crotch.
He reset his gaze, letting his frustration with the little jackass go.  The kid was just another bizarre product of Charming Acres.
“Mm, another reality, yes!”  Marion nodded eagerly.  “But leprechauns are known for being nasty creatures.  I tried leaving him cream.  Fairies like cream.  But it didn’t help at all!”
“Yeah!  It’s super fun!  Come try it!” Chuck grinned up at him from the old couch, pausing the game.  His pale blue eyes were wide and happy.  His curly brown hair gave him a boyish look that made him look like he was more around thirteen than fifteen.
Castiel moved over a bit, to give him plenty of room.
Dean gets affirmated.
Castiel sighed.  Maybe he had done the wrong thing.  But it seemed a no-brainer at the time.
Castiel managed a shy grin.  Dean’s presence took up the entire room.  He lost what little thread he had on the show.
Jo’s dad had died five or six years ago.  A bar fight gone wrong.  John, Sam and Dean’s dad, had been involved in the fight.  John wasn’t around much after that.  Mary and John got divorced soon after.  He lived outside of town.  One weekend a month, Sam and Dean had to go stay with him.  They hated it.  And Castiel could see why.  John was a harsh man.  He drank a lot and he was hard on his sons.  Castiel had been there several times, but never went anymore.  John made him nervous.  He always looked at him like he was a problem.  He looked at all of them that way.
Castiel laughed too, but a major portion of him meant it.
“You wish.  Come on, Gabe!  It’s moving day!  By tonight, our house will be full of furniture and boxes!”
He unlocked the door, heading to the reference room.  Jody and Claire sat at the small table laughing with Lee and Krissy.
Castiel flopped back in the bed, staring at the ceiling.  Level two.  Shit.  He knew very well he could call quits to this maddening game at any time.  But he flushed all over wondering what level two could entail.
Cas shook his head.  “I wasn’t really cou-”
“So, Don admires Wendy, biblically, Wendy dies weird, and a scorned wife is angry,” Dean stated.
“Thanks Cas.  I’ll be in touch soon.”
“Dean,” Castiel growled, swatting at his other leg, smacking his calf with a loud pop.
After a few tense moments of silence, Dean glanced at Cas, who gave him a reassuring smile.
Dean rocked and shivered, gasping.
“Oh, thank God he’s finally graduating!” Mary sighed.  “No one has been in more trouble than Dean.  Not even Gabriel.”
Dean had grinned.  He was okay with this!  Castiel lifted his head, meeting Dean’s mouth more softly this time.  Dean was stroking his cock.
Cas slid over beside him, his hand sliding onto Dean’s thigh with a light squeeze.  “You seem to be committing rather well.”
“Cas!” Sam’s face lit up and his steps quickened until they met in the middle of the hall.  “Gabe asked me to come meet one of his silver swans.  He was so sad when Goldy died, and so close to Imelda, I just wanted to support him, and he wants me to meet a couple people before anything happens to them.” Sam glanced around nervously, “Not that anything is going to happen to them.”
Cas could read Buddy as well as Buddy could read people.  She wasn’t a monster.  But she stunk like one.  She was human, but what connection she had to some sort of creature was questionable.  Cas grinned, petting Buddy’s head.  “Can’t be too careful.”
There had not been an open seat by either of them, putting them on separate couches.
Cas sighed as he looked at the door to Sunset Fields, his hands sinking low into his pockets with the weight of all the town’s oddities on his shoulders.  “I’m not likely to be employed here much longer.”
Bobby whistled low.  “You two ain’t foolin’.”
“I looked into Dr. Mahoney,” Sam admitted, stalling for time.  “I thought it was a hospital.”
Dean gave him an incredulous look.  “Every time I asked Sam about how you were doing, I figured you’d be getting married.  I don’t know how you’re still available.”
***********************************************
Dean kissed him, hugging him tight.  “I’m sorry I overreacted and let that idiot get to me.  But mostly I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
Dean stopped, looking up at him.  They both heard someone in the hall.  Dean looked at the door sharply, moving quickly to his spot in the bed, laying down.
Dean shrugged away the immediate weight the memories brought.  “I don’t know.  Ten days?  Long enough to pick up my shit from storage.  And Baby.  Left town the day I got there.”
“She have a manicorn too?”
Dean pulled the door open and grinned.  “Hey, Cas!”
“Thank you,” Sam said pointedly.
“Guys...” Cas said with a note of worry.
“Keep your hands on that headboard,” Dean ordered, finally, sinking into him slow and steady.
Castiel grinned wide and happy.  He took Dean’s hand, resting them on his own thigh.  He was supposed to have done this on his own, per Dean’s last challenge.  He was thankful for the mercy move.
Dean’s grin was cocky, his eyes sparkling mischievously.
“He’s ridiculous,” Sam chuckled.
A/N:  Okay!  So how close were you to having this mystery solved before Dean and Sam returned to the Carrigan’s???  I know there was a LOT happening!  Feel free to ask me to clarify anything that was confusing or left unresolved.
“I’m just gonna put it on the record,” Cas muttered, stopping Dean from taking a step, “that if you ditch me, I know where you sleep.”
Dean yawned for the tenth time, giving up to go to bed.  Apparently, the drive really had tired him out.
Castiel moaned, taking the nipple between his teeth, teasing it with his tongue until Dean was arching upward with little gasps of pleasure.  Castiel spread his knees, Dean’s legs wrapping around his hips naturally.  He let go of the nipple, kissing his way down Dean’s ribs.  “I want to just shove my way deep inside you,” he panted, kissing down his belly until his chin bumped into the head of Dean’s cock, making them both moan.  “I won’t,” he said, staring at the beautiful cock he was going to taste for the first time.  “But I want to.”
Dean chuckled.  “They must be speaking French and taking notes in Braille for this party planning.”
Sam grinned triumphantly.
Donna came back to the table with her impossibly bright grin.  “Jodes, are you scarin’ the newbies?”
Dean grinned a slow, sly grin.  “Uh...we’re not havin’ sex or anything.”
“I’m NEVER going to sleep!” Kevin said, eyes wide.
“What little girl?” Cas asked.
“I’ve been at Dad’s,” he admitted.
“I thought those two were getting married?” Dean asked, everyone heading inside.
“Did you know Wendy?” Dean asked.
“Can I help?” Sam asked, kneeling to pick up a corner of the sheet Fletcher still clutched.  He nodded, his curly hair bouncing slightly.  Sam fastened one corner while Dean moved to fasten the other corner, the wet fabric rippling in the gentle summer night breeze.
Madge and Nellie exchanged a look of disgust.
They heard the toilet flush and water run in the bathroom.  They exchanged a head shake.
“You told Dad you’re gay?” Sam balked.
“You people are a pain in the ass!” Mahoney yelled.
“Thank you, for the grill,” Sam said.  “It looks really awesome.”
“What season are you on now?” Dean asked with a slight laugh.
Dean stopped just as abruptly.  “Whatever you want Cas.”
“Wow,” Dean said, stepping back.  “This is...a lot more complicated than we thought.”
Gabe leaned forward.  “Sonny was talking about Gary, wasn’t she?  Sully heard Gary’s heart exploded.  It wasn’t JUST a heart attack.  So...what are the police covering up?”
“This is exactly,” Dean thrust again, “where my dart,” thrust, “landed.”
Cas nodded against Dean’s chest.  “It’s why I wanted to help him so badly.  Help her.”
“Yeah.”  He hadn’t meant to go to the my-childhood-sucked portion of the date.  He just liked bragging about his car.
I’m cold.  Come warm me up.  Please.  The thoughts were so loud he thought surely Cas had to hear them.  No?  Nope.  He was going to have to say something.  Or DO something.  Move!  Just snuggle up to him!
“So,” Dean started, his voice a little huskier than normal with nervousness, “you own a lot of places in this town.”
Castiel skimmed further, looking up in creeping horror.  “Heart complications.”
“Very well.  And you are a virile manifestation of the divine.”
“The Smith’s house was clean as a whistle,” Sam informed them.
“No!” Cas huffed.  “But the two of you don’t work well together.  If I leave the pair of you alone, I’m afraid we’ll end up arrested.”
“Yeah, around the corner, down the hall,” Don pointed.
“Oooo, somebody’s grumpy!” Kevin laughed.
“Small town.  News travels fast,” she beamed again, rushing away in her pink uniform.
“But I think you need a break from these one on one hospice cases.  Especially overseas where you barely speak the language and you’re so far away.”
Castiel nodded.  “I think Fletcher is amazing.  I am very happy for the three of them.  And I think they will have more children by some of the things they have said, but I...I’m not sure that is what I want.”
They all nodded.
“He said go left?” Cas asked.
Castiel bit his lip.
“Maybe you can drive that lovely car of yours in the parade!”
“The missis wants me to formally invite you to the neighborhood barbecue at our place Saturday afternoon!”
Cas, wedged into Dean, savoring the hot squeeze, rocked into him again, watching Dean groan and smile, his eyes opening.
“It’s okay!” She laughed.  “I’m glad to see you managed to get somewhere so fast with this one.”  She looked at Dean, seeming to see more than just his t-shirt, jeans, and look of discomfort.  “You’re so...bottled up.”
“Don’t pull that lawyer voice out on me, Cas!” Dean snapped.
“Looks that way to me,” Cas said.
“Yeah!”  Gabe sighed, staring around the picnic.  “Dude.  I need paper and a pen.  This shit is getting complicated.”
“What?” Cas laughed.
Dean didn’t have a shirt on.
She nodded.  “I can so jump on board with both of those trains!”
Father Murphy looked at them with utter loss and confusion.  “What the hell do I do?”
“Did you get in trouble?” Chuck asked, worried.
Madge froze, as shocked as Dean and Ed that Sam even knew that.  “How’d you know that?”
Cas chuckled.
“I could come over tomorrow before work.”
Dean took his head in his hands, making full eye contact.  “I love you.  You know that, right?”
“Dean,” Castiel grinned, going straight to him, hugging him.
“I know,” Cas laughed.  “It’s just so...nostalgic!”  He went back to poking at his casserole.  “I’m telling you, it’s fascinating.  I did ask about gentlemen callers, but she thought I was joking.”
Dean was the one that had found them.  They should have known better than to use the old abandoned convenient store to hide out in.
Dean waited until Sam met his eyes and with all the seriousness of a judge and said, “Douches, Sam.  Douches do shit like that.  Now come on!  We gotta crack this murdering sonofabitch.  Game faces, people!”
The door opened and Dean came in quickly, shutting and locking it.
Sam stood back, sitting in one of the chairs.  “What did we miss this morning?”
Sam survives a corn soup rally.
They watched a few more videos.  The laughter made it easier to not think about Dean’s warm, calloused hand being wrapped around his so tightly.
“Dean?”
Dean had his back to him, looking at a picture of Kevin and his parents which sat on the desk.  His finger ran down the pewter frame gently.  He picked up the next framed picture with a laugh.  “Where was this?”
“Come on, Cassie!” Gabe yelled.
“Hm?” Dean barely managed, pulling him into his chest again.
Mary brought out a box of sparklers.  “Remember when these were the biggest hit of the night?”
“Yeah.”  Castiel ate the last bite of his bagel, sitting the plate in the sink.  He was still chewing when he walked out the front door, letting Gabe lock up.
Cas stretched out next to him, looking at the coffered ceiling.  Their suite was where Sam’s room had originally been.  It was slightly bigger than Cas’ original suite, which would be opened into a nice living room soon.  Remodeling had begun in their section of the house on the third floor.  It was frustrating, but their suite was finished, giving them a safe haven from the nonstop mess around them.  Their part of the third floor was going to be beautiful.  Like the rest of the house.
“I’ve heard of stranger things.  Hard to win awards if someone goes and kills somebody.”
Her hands went to her hips as she looked at the group.  “I hope youes have some of the evidence you said you had.”
Castiel sighed.  “Be home by ten and Mom won’t even care, Gabe.”
“If you’re gonna shower, make sure I’m not using the other one!”
Chapter 5:  Milkshakes Bring All the Boys to the Yard
Castiel sat.  Just how far was he willing to let Luc go?  He watched as the baby burped, fussed for only a few seconds and went to sleep.  Luc disappeared into one of the bedrooms and came back out with a confident grin on his face.
Dean licked his lips, glancing out to the street before looking at Cas again.  “Sam coming to this dinner?”
What a dick.
Sam and Dean stared right back.
“Check for strange tea,” Cas said.  “We have some footage of the Whittakers bringing tea to Doctor Mahoney.   We’re wondering if it isn’t what they’re using to kill the residents.”
Joe was about a buck soaking wet, while Stanley was a good 300+ pounds.
Gabe frowned suddenly.  “Didn’t Imelda say someone stole diamonds from her too?”
“Have you ever...” Dean started asking, looking at him.
Sam’s body stilled and Gabe knew he was giving Cassie his trademark puppy-dog-so-happy smile.  “You’re moving here?!  To Charming Acres?!”
All three murmured their agreement with that but stuck to Charming Acres motto needing to be stricken from the local’s daily vocabulary.
“If they could find Kat a friend, but I guess it doesn’t work that way.”
Gabe came into the kitchen looking sheepish.
“And you were what?” Cas asked, looking at Wayne, “the administrator?”
Castiel’s breath caught.  They had a lot of uncertainty ahead with all of them moving and starting over again.  But Dean felt so solid.  So certain.  He did not care if Sioux Falls was their home to be.  They could move twice a year for the rest of their lives for all he cared.  Dean was his home.  Dean delighted him in ways he never knew possible.  “I would follow you anywhere,” he said, taking Dean’s hands to bring them to his mouth and kiss them before returning them and joining him in this gentle, sultry, teasing dance their fingers did to both cocks lying there between them.
A look of pain crossed Dean’s face.  He pulled Cas into his arms, hugging him.  “I’m sorry.  This wasn’t your fault.”
“To you,” Cas griped.  Ms. Dowling’s Boarding House sat along Prosperity Road, the main street that ran through Charming Acres.  The next business was Sunset Fields Retirement Home, the private nursing home where Gabe worked.  Between the two businesses was Lily Dale Lane.  As they rounded the corner of Prosperity and Lilly Dale, they passed the Smith home.  A large, two-story, white house.
Castiel grinned, warmed at the thought.  “Thanks, Sam.  But Dean would be really upset if you weren’t there.”
Gabriel was Castiel’s step brother.  For the most part, he was a pain in the ass, always pulling pranks or getting into trouble at school.  All that aside, he was Castiel’s other best friend.
Castiel searched her frightened face, smiling the smile of a man who could provide her with nothing more in that moment than the encouragement of being someone who cared about her.
“I can’t.  I promised him I wouldn’t.”  Dean looked down, rubbing a hand across Castiel’s chest.  “I promised.”
Sam and Dean nodded as if that made perfect everyday sense.
Dean took a sip of his shake.  “What about Wayne?”
“I think that one really was an accident!” Chip laughed, Cindy and Justin laughing with him as Ed and Madge grinned.
Gabe and Cas laughed, Sam shaking his head and poorly fighting a grin.  “You’re a pig.”
“I already did,” Sam laughed.
It was clean, and the staff seemed friendly.  The first interview had been with Wayne, who then sat in while one of the building’s RNs interviewed him.  After a very brief meeting, where Castiel waited in the front lobby, Wayne came back out and offered him the job with a warm grin and limp handshake.  Castiel accepted it, not sure this was quite the right move for himself, but thankful to have employment.  Now, they were doing a brief walk through.  He couldn’t start for another few days until his fingerprint and background checks were in, but he looked forward to the kind of work he could walk away from at night.  Living with his clients for the last several years had made him feel like he was always on duty.  The more he thought about settling into a job that you clocked in and out of, the more he looked forward to it.
Sam shook his head, not having the answers.  “I don’t know, but we should figure it out.”
“No, he’s not.  You’re my brother too.  Now you can’t go.  And I got you in big trouble at school.”
“A golf club,” Cas offered back.
Dean pumped harder, keeping Cas off kilter and barely hanging on.  Both his hands gripped Cas’ hips rough as he pounded inside.  “You good?” Dean huffed.
Dean slung his arm around her shoulders.  “Glad you’re finally outta there.”
Castiel wanted to want it.  He gasped at his ass being squeezed.  The kiss felt choppy and hard.  The intrusion of Luc’s tongue was more than he could take.
******************************************************************
Dean was up on his feet and came around behind him.  “Your mother would be so upset if her baby boy got burnt,” Dean said in his ear.
“No!” Castiel gasped, squeezing Dean’s hand a bit more possessively.  “Have you told Benny?  Or anybody?”
“I can get a motel room,” Dean offered.
He flexed his fingers open and shut, disgusted with touching an unknown substance.  He swiped a finger through the red spray, feeling it between his thumb and fingers.  It felt sticky.  He smelled it, hit with the smell of sugar.
“Well, Cassie only does serious.  So...this should be interesting!”
“I don’t know, man.  That movie messed me up.  I need a drink,” Chuck suggested.
“Fuck that,” Gabe snapped.  Castiel was already putting his coat on.  “Let’s go.”
“He is a bad man,” Sheila said, sipping her tea.  “He stole my diamonds.”
“Ooohh.  Moving pretty fast.”
Dean pulled back only a fraction to tell him he loved him, Castiel saying the same.
Castiel had no idea what to do with this information.
“All of it,” Cas said quietly, pulling a chair out for him, reminding Dean for the first time in the past several minutes that he was on a date.  A really weird date.  Dean sat, letting Cas help him slide his chair in.  He leaned down next to Dean’s ear and said softly, “Fifties music every day for nearly a week now.”
“Hey Fletcher!” Gabe grinned, picking him up and holding him.
Sam nodded, wondering what had led the little boy to need an imaginary friend.
“Hi!” The little girl waved at them.
Dean studied him.  “That’s kind of a big deal.”
“You gonna win me a prize?” Dean whispered in his ear from behind him, startling him.
“Gabe!” Sam hissed.
“Your brother is being too quiet,” Gabe mused, watching Dean walk away.
Bobby nodded.
He tried his best to ignore the fact that Dean was openly watching him.  He tossed a ball.  Score.
“Yes.”
“Oh look,” Dean smirked, “Charming Acres is having a psychic festival.  Yay.”
“Out back,” he repeated, Bobby nodding, meeting his eyes with a conviction he hadn’t seen since he was out to Sea with Cain.
He’s going to get sick of me.
“Yeah,” Luc scoffed.  “If I make it.  I should just quit and get a job.  It’d be better.  I could get out of here faster.”
***********************************************
“Ed is watching TV,” Bobby reported.
The thought hit him so gently and unexpectedly that Cas gasped just slightly, the hitch in his breath caught by Dean’s watchful eyes.  He could say it.  It could just tumble out so easily.  So freely.  But the words might be too much for Dean.  Too soon or too scary.
“Damn, you look hot in handcuffs.”
They rode the shaky little elevator down to the ground floor.  The doors slid open and they were met with an impatient looking Benny.
Dean gave him a steady look.  “It’s not a game to me.  Not anymore.”
“We make lots of tea.  For lots of medicinal uses,” Wayne smiled proudly.  “Nellie and I have quite an online shop going.”
Sam sighed in disappointment, lying down and pulling Gabe into him.  “You smell like the woods,” Sam said in a dreamy little voice.
“Five?” Cas asked.  “Ed, Madge, Justin, Cindy...and who?”
Castiel shook his head.  “No.  It was all bound to blow up.  It wasn’t your fault.”
“I’ll just wait here.  I’m not pestering the widow -”
He listened as Sam’s energetic footfalls sounded on the steps outside their room.  He was probably already back from an early morning run.  How had he married a morning person?  He grinned at the ceiling light.  How had he married Sam Winchester at all?  He was tall, gorgeous, smart, and entirely too good for him.  Gabe had worked damn hard to woo Sam.  That’s how.  Luckily for Gabe, Sam liked to eat and study at the restaurant he had worked at.  And while Gabe had picked up many a hot college guy, he knew Sam was different from the moment they kissed on their first date.  The wooing commenced in full force.  And Sam, phenomenal being that he was, had never been so doted on in his entire life.  Gabe got a job on Sam’s campus as a custodian, putting the two even more in each other’s orbits.  And though it had taken some proving, he had convinced the man that he was worth holding onto.  So much so, that when Sam landed his first full time job at James Bowie High School in Austin, Texas, as the guidance counselor, he had asked Gabe to marry him.  They saved money and three years later, bam.  Here they were.  Living like the fucking Cleavers in Arkansas.
It was so rare to be totally alone, that this had only worked out three other times.  The results had been interesting though.  The grand stairs had been the first time, the basement the second time, and a hunter guest room on the second floor the third time.  People’s bedrooms were off limits, including their own.  But any other nook or cranny was fair game.
Why didn’t I just fucking say it back?!  I love him!
“-you just...go along with it because, hey, he’s a nice guy.”
“I was just pissed, ya know?  Fucker.  Touching Cas like that, pissing you off.  Causing a fight.  I wanted him to pay.  I wanted him to regret it.  He can fix his stupid sign.  And his grass will grow back.”
Dean nodded.  “Saturday at six.”
******************************************************
Cas smirked at the pair of them.  “Come on, Dean, go get the telescope and sky chart from Fletcher’s room while Sam and I find the basement.”
“And did you see the blonde chick is here?”
“Shut up,” Dean chuckled.
He could feel the glances Dean threw him.  “You find somebody else to practice with?”
Cas grinned wide.  Dean was too adorable for words sometimes.  “I’m named after the angel.”
“Sorry ‘bout that,” Bobby chuckled, sitting back down.  “Fred’s kind of a handful.”
But Sam never bought into their dad’s brainwashing.  He didn’t wear his scars like albatrosses.  He knew there was a better life out there, and he fucking took it.
Bobby’s gun stayed pointed at Wayne, but he turned to glare at Mahoney.  “Yeah.  Like Fred.”
“Why?”
“Bring it on, gunslinger.”
Castiel forced his tears away, swiping his hands over his face as he stepped onto the porch.  “Night, Mom.  Night, Mary!”
“Your mom lets you drink beer?” Castiel asked, unable to imagine having a beer in front of his mother.
“Looking forward to it,” Luc smiled.
Dean sighed and rinsed, wishing the weight of his memories went down the drain like his body wash.  Aaron had been...convenient.  And though neither of them was heartbroken over their ending, Dean still felt like it was a failure on his part.  The guy had wanted to love him.  But so far, he was unlovable.  As he turned the water off, he pressed his hands over his eyes and over his head to wipe the water away.  Today was a new day.  If he let himself, he could have something more now.  Sam was settled.  Gabe was going to be here for Sam.  And he had finally had enough of the sea.  Enough self-isolation.  He felt pretty damn grounded, even if it did end up being in this weird-ass town.  As he dried himself off, he brushed off his past mentalities and shrugged on a new attitude.  Cas was, okay CAS was out of his league, but dammit, he could give it a try.
Gabe wisely let that go without a retort.
Sam and Dean exchanged an excited glance, Dean adding, “We think he’s covering up Gary Frieling’s murder.”
Was that even a compliment?  Castiel licked his lips.
Gabe keeps everyone in line.
“I told you she thinks you’re awesome,” Dean snorted.
“You sure?” Dean asked.
Dean sighed.  “I made a total mess out of this.”
Cas nodded.  He wanted to offer her a room, but Buddy looked no more impressed with her than he had two minutes ago.  “I’ll be in touch.”
“Wait until you meet these whack-jobs we share a street with,” Gabe went on, making Cas chuckle.
“So, this is the car he crashed?” Cas asked.
His thudding heart slowly resumed to normal as Cas held him tight and...fell asleep.
A knock and sudden twist of the doorknob had their eyes popping open.  Dean slid to the side as the door opened and Cas stepped back as to not be clipped by it.
Dean’s grin warmed ten shades.  “You -”
“No,” Gabe interrupted.  “No more law breaking from me, little bro.  Any of us.  We have too much to lose here.”
“That nice, tall man?” She smiled.
“I’m more sorry for that beef she keeps cooking to a second death every night!’ Dean laughed.
Castiel turned to see Dean waiting for him.  “You waiting for me?  Or were you hoping to find someone else?”
“Who is that?” Castiel demanded.
“Leaving so soon?”
Sully shrugged.  “I dunno.”
“Yep,” Bobby answered.  “Might as well be, anyway.  These here are the boys that saved Fred’s life.”
Sam, pulling off a very nonjudgmental look for the wild situation, said gently, “Go on.”
“Want a beer?” Bobby offered, pulling the lid of the cooler up and pulling three beers out.
It took Cas and Sam to pull Dean off.  Cas was embarrassed by the entire exchange, stormed out of the party, leaving the other guests to help Balthazar to his feet again.  Dean stormed out after him, Sam and Gabe following quickly.
Cas chuckled, sitting up.  “See?  That wasn’t so terrible!”
Sam knelt down, wishing he could help him.  “Well, thank you, and thanks, Weems.  Did Nicky like his air guitar?”
“Owwwww!” Maggie yelled.  She yelled a lot more as she sped away, but they couldn’t catch any of it.
“Where you goin’ in such a hurry?” Dean teased, wiping grease from his hands with an old rag.
“It really wasn’t that much.  Besides, I don’t want you to waste my housewarming gift,” Dean added.
Castiel walked over to the guard rail, taking another big breath.  “Fuck.”
Cas grinned down at the apple.  It was light greenish yellow with several splotches of red.  A Honey Crisp, according to the little sticker on it.  They were sweet and his favorite kind.  “I hope it wasn’t rude of us to buy a bed and set it up.  I thought it was presumptuous, but Dean insisted you would be amenable.”
Castiel frowned at the thought.  “I think you should tell them the truth.”
The barrel of Bobby’s gun lowered, and he stood up tall for the first time since entering the living room.  “You might have more enemies in this town than you realize,” he said to Chip.
“Let’s see what these scumbags are getting up to.  And if we get an all-clear, Dean and Cas go for it.  Get into the Carrigan’s and see what the hell is in that basement.”
Sam nodded his head.
Dean sighed again.  Cas joined his side, letting Buddy out of the backseat.
“I thought he was their son,” Gabe said.
“Oh man.  It’s like Serendipity!  You don’t know enough about him to find him again!”
Chip’s eyes beamed with pride.  “In this town, I’m God.”
Dean’s look was growing more serious.  “Did he pressure you for more?”
She nodded, heading out the front door.  He could hear her saying good morning to the neighbor.  Gabriel thundered down the steps.  “Ready?”
Cas’ furrowed brow smoothed momentarily, a little grin ghosting quickly over his lips.  “Hello, Dean.”
Sorry guys.  I’m a day late posting aaaaand you’re gonna love/hate me for this chapter. Love ya! <3
“I don’t think you’re supposed to ask me out and tell me you love me at the same time,” Castiel grinned.
Cas gave him a thumbs-up.  Already holding his first thought, that these two were as nosy as nosy Nellie.  But they were helping Deb, so there was some merit in that.
“Night, Cas.”  Dean gave him a cursory glance.  If Castiel wasn’t mistaken, Dean looked a little concerned about him.
He watched Dean, leaning against the driver’s side door in the moonlight.  The last time they had been out here alone at night, Dean had given him quite the tutorial on proximity.
“Oh yeah?” Sam asked.
“Dude,” Sam deadpanned.
“Hey, hi!” They all called back.
Castiel fought the blush but it was useless.  Gabe just waited.
It was a nice house.
“And that’s why I can’t ever sell this land.”
“What?”
“I see the new owners have decorated for Christmas,” Garth said uneasily.
“You did.  You were quite the amazing big brother.”
“Fair enough,” Dean sighed, going back to his coffee.
“Very,” Dean whispered back.
“Nellie,” Sam supplied, having been the one to answer the door when they had come.
“I’m pretty sure we got this whole scheme you’re running figured out,” Sam said calmly.  “That’s why we brought Sully and Garth over here, to prove that all the shit we dug up on you all is true and you’re gonna pay for what you did.”
“Bitch!” Dean laughed.
Gabe grumbled off the bed and out the door.
A knock sounded on the front door and then opened, making all of them turn to see who was comfortable enough to just knock and come straight inside.
This felt more like a bumbling fiasco than a three-strike plan.  At very best, it was like a layer cake.  And now there were 11 people in the (thankfully) large living room.
“And who are you?” The officer asked Sam suspiciously.
“Chocolate!”
Jo looked disappointed while Ellen looked relieved.  Pam slapped her thigh.  “Unfucking believable.  That’s -” she pointed a red tipped nail to the table, “the hottest things to blow off I-29 in twenty years, and they’re all taken!”
After the long battle was lost to a particularly vicious werewolf, they wandered over to a shooting gallery.
“Nineteen,” Cas corrected quickly, making him and Charlie both grin.  “The one that was still in the truck.”
Chapter 7:  Freaking Suburbs, Man!
Dean watched as a neighbor turned from watching them, heading inside their house with a bag and what looked like garden clippings.  Jesus.  These people took their yard scraps inside for trash?  Dean shook his head in bemusement.
Dean’s look darkened.
They got to the The Sub in just a few minutes.  Inside, it was crowding quickly with students.
“Hi!” The ladies said, Camille looking as hot and uncomfortable as Sam felt.
“And don’t forget the cotton candy and boardwalk fries!”
Sam nodded.  “Thanks, Cas.”
Castiel nodded.  “So... I can just...”
Gabe couldn’t help but smile at her warm eyes and, frankly, adorable northern accent.
Castiel grinned anew.  “You are so easy to love.”
“I wasn’t goin’ for romantic,” Dean grumbled low, backing Cas out of the kitchen toward their room.
He headed home, unsure what to expect.  He felt like a layer of protection had been taken from him.  Like he was more exposed.
He squeezed Cas’ hand and let himself relax.  He turned to Cas and smiled.  “Night, Cas,” he said, like he did every night.
“Soon as Fletcher finishes his ice cream, we gotta figure out where we’re sleeping,” Gabe said, looking strained from the long ride today.
Kevin and Benny were hanging out at a big blanket they had brought.
“See you soon,” Cas said.
Dean and Sam gave him a quick look of thanks for rescuing the conversation.
“I’m Fred,” Sam smirked.  “You’re Shaggy.”
“And we might need a two or three-night camping trip, what do you think?”
“Right, right,” Gabe paced, chewing his nail nervously.  “You tried to call both of them?”
Cas, eyes narrowed, said, “So, another person associated with the Starks.  Interesting.”
“I was wondering,” he said, a dear, shy little grin on his face, “if you would go out with me?”
Dean cringed inwardly.  “And?”
Castiel grinned up at him, his hands gripping Dean’s hips firmly as he settled on top of him.
“Morning, sunshine.”
The carpeted steps softened their footfalls as they descended.  What they found was an abnormally tidy laundry room and a storage room.  They spread out, searching through boxes, but found nothing.  Upon closer inspection, there were no other doors and nothing that looked remotely like jewelry stashes or anything that warranted Fletcher being not allowed.
Cas met his eyes, their brightness never fading.  “I am so ready for that.  We’re gonna sleep until the cows drag us home.”
“Ooohh,” Dean frowned.  “She’s a bitch, being mean to you.”
Sam laughed.  “That’s fair.”
“You two have been sleeping together for days,” Sam smirked.  “If you aren’t boyfriends yet, then you two need to learn how to use your words.”  He left Cas standing there with a confused look on his face and went back to his room.  It might be hot outside, but he was putting on sweatpants and a hoodie to stop his shivering.
Dean propped up on one elbow, flipping the light on.  Castiel squinted as Dean turned to look at him.
Ohgodohgodohgodohgod...Dean knew.  Of. All. The. People. In. The. Whole. Fucking. World.
Dean rocked his hips in response, his eyes closing.  Castiel slid his stubbled chin over Dean’s other nipple, releasing the first one.  His hand, splayed open wide, slid down Dean’s abs to the line of his shorts.
Cas grinned at that.  “That sounds like a good plan.”
The pair left suspension together, heading for the door.  “You need a ride home?”
“Dean,” Sam said in exasperation.  “You promised.”
Conversation moved on to more normal topics after that.  Finals.  What they were doing this summer.  Who was getting a job and where.  By the time it was almost dark, Castiel was back to his usual self.
“I look like one of the Blues Brothers,” Dean frowned.
Castiel pooled his sleepy courage and stood up taller, taking the half step to get in his space.  “So... new girlfriend mean I lost my study partner?”  He had to clear his voice but had not let it wobble.
Dean chuckled, eyes closing with a slight blush pinking his cheeks.  “That sounds so...high school.”
Dean found Cas in the backyard with Buddy and Rumsfeld.  Neither dogs played fetch.  But since Rum had been spending most of his time with Loki lately, Buddy would run and wrestle with his friend when he got the chance.
“Why?” Castiel laughed.  “I’m not a kid anymore, Dean.  Life isn’t a fairytale.  It sucks.  And then you get old and die.  Some people just do it alone.  Like me.”
Dean lifted his hands with a huffy frown.  “Okay, I’m just saying, it sounds like a risk.”
Dean grinned inside and out, taking that probing hand in his.  “Guess we’ll know soon enough.  Sioux Falls exit is in two miles.  Better call Bobby.”
“I was gonna,” he chuckled, kissing the top of his head.  “Now I think I’ll just take a bear nap.”
Castiel dropped his head back against the wall.  “This is not a joke.  And this could ruin our reputation.  It’s not like we can pick Kripke Manor up and move it, Gabriel.  If this town ends up hating us...we’re done.”
“I am so getting him back for that,” Gabe muttered.
“Yes!  I think it would be great!”  He gave her his best smile, watching her relax a bit.
Cas immediately softened into a bewildered grin.  “Right.”
The Scooby gang has handed Donna quite a lot to work with.  As all the bad guys are put away and Charming Acres begins to recover, there is only one real mystery left to solve.
Castiel put his hands in his pockets, tipping his head at the unneeded request.  “I don’t care what kind of underwear you wanna wear,” he said quietly.  “What baffles me is how she gets Dean Winchester to blush.”
Dean frowned.  “I’m not freaking out.”
Gabe looked up at him with only a soft smile.  “Because you don’t have a judgmental bone in your body.  Except about yourself.”
They walked by Sunset Fields Retirement Home where Gabe worked, waving at several ladies sitting out on a gazebo.  As they turned up Lily Dale Lane, Cas sighed at the Dowling House on the opposite corner.  “I should move to a motel.”
They all nodded, taking some sort of tech to help them watch the neighbors.
“Hi.”  He tried to curb his critical study of her.  He wasn’t too thrilled Jody had invited her here, to the Manor.  This was a safe haven for hunters.  Not monsters.
“No, you don’t,” Cas retorted.  “I mean, I don’t sit around and hate them.  That would be a waste of my time.  But they can suck my dick if they think I give a shit what they think about my life, or Gabe’s.”
“AAAHHHHH!” Sam screamed.  Dean could feel him jerking in his chair.
Busted.
Cas woke several hours later, turning over on the frustrating air mattress again.  His night had been full of tossing and turning.  The blankets had slid from the air mattress long ago and no matter how he lay, he seemed to tip to one side or the other.  He got up, heading to the bathroom.  He walked into the kitchen and stopped short, grinning.
“Look who came up for air!” Gabe greeted.
“What did she say?” Dean asked.
Fletcher tipped his head the whole way back to peer up at Sam, who grinned, squeezed his hand, and let it go.  “Sure.  I’ll be right here at this table.”
“No!  Never!  She was...a lady, ya know?  Kinda proper.”
“Sure,” the guy nodded.
Castiel sunk into the mattress.  He was sticky.  And starting to cool from the insane inferno that he had been in.
“I know you’ve heard it a million times, but I sure am thankful you made it a safer town.”
He was going to have to take some action.
Justin waved with a return nod.  “Will your brother still be in town?”
“Couple hundred at a time.”
“As was mine!” Cas grinned at Dean.  “Grilled by the master.”
*****************************************
Sam stared at him in bewilderment.  “Um...no?”
After an hour, fries gone and sodas dry, they headed back out to the car.
Dean stared at him.  His mouth moved but nothing came out.
“What’s up, fellas?” Garth asked.  “I’m hearin’ all sorts of crazy chatter!”
“Don’t forget, 10:00.  Tea with Marion.  Make some time.”
“You stayed in bed,” Cas taunted, pulling Dean back so he was now flat on the mattress.
They walked back to Sam’s house quietly.
“No,” Bobby said faintly.
They stood on a wide, wrap-around porch, staring out into the night.  He had already paced around the porch, which went the entire way around the house, stopping to touch the chain holding a porch swing on one corner, running his hand along a wide banister as he walked along one long stretch.  Besides the double front door, there was a side door and a back door that went into the kitchen.  As he looked out across the expanse of what he was pretty sure was a yard, three sides of it were edged in trees.  The lane they had driven in on was open with some bushes.
“Is that Castiel?” One of the guys asked another, the other one nodding.
“If Donna Hanscum ever has a weeding here,” Cas noted.  “It’s on the house.  If Doug Kontos has a wedding here, charge him triple.”
“I’m not.  Really.  Just checking out a new game Chuck got for his birthday.”  Castiel tried to straighten his hair out, glancing at the oil bottle in Dean’s hand.  “You want help changing the oil?”
Mary nodded.  “You won’t be.”
“You stayed by our brothers sides through a very trying time.”
Mahoney stared at him as if he would tear Cas to shreds, the gun rising again, Bobby following suit.
All Castiel could figure, was that Dean had heard about what he had done so Sam could attend graduation.  He swallowed thickly, following Sam into his house.
“You’ve never been here?  I’m surprised.  Lots of people like those quiet boys in the back of the room.”
“Overrated?  Dude.  You’re killin’ me.”
Gabe hollered, scoring the final point.
“Damn,” Dean said, taking the words like a blow to his heart.
“What the hell?” Dean said, eyes wide and face shocked.
“But I’m better company,” Cas added.
“And did you know about Don and Wendy?” Sam asked.
Dean knew he looked shocked.  “He didn’t mean that.  He’s just pissed.”
When tea was over, they all thanked the two women, especially Marion.  The three of them walked until they were outside Sunset Fields on the wide patio by the front door.
“Yeah.  I guess it’s a South Dakota thing.  Everything for fifty miles or so is Sioux Falls.”
“We should go,” Zoe explained.  “I’m supposed to walk Fletcher home and I gotta pack all my toys to take to Maddie’s.”
Dean locked up, a filthy moan hitched, and he came hard, writhing in Castiel’s arms.  Castiel stroked him as he bucked through wave after wave and stopped his hand.
Dean mustered a cocky grin.  “Maybe you should ask why YOU don’t own one?”
Sam and Dean exchanged a look.
“So...” Sam said softly, “is he...still there?”
They got back in the car.  Dean pulled back onto the highway.  They drove almost home without another word.  Almost.
“Are you really breaking up with her?” Castiel asked.
“Oh I read all about Florida,” Kontos sneered.  “You guys are a real pair of doozies.”
“Good news,” Dean pointed at Sam, coming to sit at the table with his steaming mug, “there is civilization outside of Charming Acres.  Just five miles down the road there’s a Walmart with normal, grouchy people working shady hours and smelling like B.O.”
“Depends.  Are you-“ Officer Kontos flipped his notepad open, “Castiel Novak?”
“I’m touching you right where I want to,” Dean growled, twisting his hand and stretching him more.  “Keep goin’, keep ridin’ my hand.”
Cas turned the knob, opening it.  What they found was a closet full of cleaning supplies, including a broom, mop, and vacuum.
“Where is nosy Nellie?” Gabe asked.  “Awful lot of gossip goin’ down right now.”
Dean shook his head.  It was a strange career he found himself a part of.  Meeting engaged couples and seeing them get married.  He thanked his lucky stars that he was happily married.
“See?” Dean grinned.  “I’ll see you guys back at the house.”
And that was enough?
Back downstairs, he saw the office, picturing Sam’s desk and bookshelves making it a warm, cozy room.  They saw the living room again, a half bathroom, and patio out the back door.  He could picture barbecues, and neighbors filling the yard.  Shit.  He could even picture a dog.
All Castiel could manage was a head nod.
“Ugh,” Claire griped, opening the door to get out and head into the Roadhouse.
He went upstairs to use the bathroom, hearing a TV on in Dean’s room.  In a strange wave of bravery, he tapped on the door, pushing it open.
No matter what Gabriel tried that night, Castiel refused to speak to him.  He rolled over, refusing to even look at him.  Gabriel finally gave up, huffing and going to bed.
“He said we’d go for milkshakes!” Dean blurted to himself in the mirror, the hazy memory just surfacing.  “Ohhh...shit...I’m the one that suggested we go for milkshakes!  I did that!”  An elated laugh burst out of him.  He hadn’t been this excited in...forever!  Castiel Novak was a ten in every department!  Hot.  Smart.  Funny.  A good person.  The kind of person that stopped to help people along the side of the road.  A nurse.  Caring.  Dean grinned as he got into the shower.  He’d be lying if he said he hadn’t thought about going out with him, but now that he knew for sure that he was, he was full of an excited nervousness.  Mid rinsing shampoo from his head, it dawned on him how big this might be.  This didn’t feel like when he and Aaron had gone out for the first time, and that was the most serious relationship he’d ever managed to string along.  And that is exactly what he had done.  Strung Aaron along.  They both knew it.  He liked Aaron.  They met at a bar, had a hook-up and then Dean left for a six week run.  He’d be lying if he said he never thought of the guy while he was away, and they did text a few times when Dean was able to have service, but he’d been floored when he arrived back to Dutch Harbor and Aaron was waiting for him on the docks.  The gesture had honestly taken his breath away.  The feeling in his chest that coiled up and made his heart swell had lasted long enough for the two of them to stay together his entire two weeks back on land.  The next time he came to port, Aaron was there again.  They moved in together.  And that was when Aaron got the shits about him being gone all the time.  And how was Dean supposed to say he just liked having someone to come home to?  They had never even used the ‘love’ word.  It had been dysfunctional and had left him wondering if he was even capable of having a decent relationship.
“I have a...priest for a dad.”  She stared at the cabinets above the sink with a lost look.  Her hair was up in a tired, semi-loose ponytail.
Castiel stared at the sweet face with a tiny fist curled up to his mouth.  His little legs were bent up, making his tiny, diapered butt stick up.  He was wearing a one piece outfit and Castiel grinned at the random thought that he wished he could see his little bare feet again.
They made sure everything was in place and went back upstairs, then wound their way through the house again to go to the second floor.
“She’s like the grandma Dean and I never had.  She moved in and a week later she was having us over to carve pumpkins.  Then joined us for Thanksgiving.”
Sam wanted to stress that it wasn’t a good fit for anyone.  But now that Chip was removed from power and Wayne and Mahoney had been put out of the business of killing and robbing people, the town had seemed to settle down into a collection of (mostly) super sweet people like Garth.
The sight of them with their stupid chins in the air made Sam seethe with anger.
“Weeeell,” Justin rocked back, “that mean you’re a couple of cowboys or city slickers?”
Lee frowned, looking slightly uncomfortable.  “Later.”
Castiel gaped at him.  “Her underwear?”
He collected his bags from the cabbie and looked up at the three-story, pink Victorian in front of him.  Dowling’s Boarding House stood in front of him like a life size dollhouse.  Across the street was Harrington’s Soda Shoppe, adorned with an eight-foot-tall strawberry milkshake.  The place looked like it was straight out of the 1950s.
“Dean!”  Gabe darted for him, hugging him tight, Dean hugging him back with a laugh.  “I don’t know what the hell you said.  I don’t care.”  He took Dean’s face in his hands, kissing his cheek loudly.  “You...you fixed everything!”
“And then we’ll move that goddam body,” Rufus sighed, getting an eye roll from Bobby.
“Oh.”  Castiel took the warm bottle, not sure how to go about feeding a baby.
Deb blinked up at him with watery eyes.
“Nothin.  We sat there all this time and had to call it quits.”
“Why?” Dean asked in a tiny voice, watching him so carefully.
“I’m not being ‘skeezey’!” Crowley barked back good-naturedly.
He must have looked puzzled in his sleepy haze, making Dean grin.  “You still half asleep?”  He leaned closer to his ear.  “What I’m wondering is, do you wake up in the evening with morning wood?  Or is that...evening wood?”  He leaned even closer, his breath tickling his ear as Castiel shut his eyes as his breath caught.  “What were you dreaming about?”
“So,” Dean pressed on gently, “your kids with this werewolf, Cathy...they turned?”
“To the office!  Now!”
“All in all, things went smoothly,” Gabe nodded.
“We’ll have to save that adventure for another day,” Cas said.  “I’m not pushing my luck and adding getting shot at to the list of blunders on this date.”
“Maybe Gary was sleeping with Maggie too?” Sam offered.  “These neighbors do an awful lot of...swinging.  Or sleeping around.”
Well shit.  Cas grinned thinking about what he would rather be doing right now.  He started to pull off his flannel shirt when his watch buzzed again.
“Dean Winchester!” Castiel scolded.
“Weems, you’re a silly, silly man,” Sam laughed.  “Everyone knows it’s French toast!”
“Come on, Cas!  We can have matching snakes!” Sam laughed.
Cas pressed his rear seductively into Dean’s jean clad hips.  He secured his grip to the massive wooden headboard as Dean’s hands ran firmly down his arms and down his sides, pressing his hips forward.  Cas could feel his thick, hard length scrape against his skin with a rock of his hips.
“You work today, Dean?” Sam asked.
“You listen to me right now,” Dean snarled, “if you ever call this number again, I’ll break your face to match your nose.”
“You guys gotta stay over tonight.  I’m never gonna sleep!”  Sam wrapped his arm around Gabe, the pair talking about something between the two of them.
“You kinky, drunk, mess of mine,” Gabe laughed.
Cas shook his head no, slowly.
Dean handed Gabe the huge platter of roast beef sandwiches while he got chips and condiments to go with them.  “Let’s go feed the troops.  Everyone will calm down when they have something to chew on.”
“Cas.”
“It’s a tiny school district.  Just the two buildings, so Sully and I make up the entire counseling department.”
“Dude, I didn’t want you hangin’ around Luc because of the drugs and other shit he’s into.  I didn’t...”. Dean gave him another scowl.
“But who would want to hurt him?  PJ?” Sam asked.
A soft laugh burst from Castiel and he squirmed a little more.  “It counts.  It was...something.”
“Gary and I...” Deb explain nervously, “we had an arrangement.  He was seeing Olivia...and I was...spending some time with our neighbor, PJ.”
Bobby turned his glass in his hands.  “Had a life.  Had a wife.  I have my own salvage yard and garage up there.  Folks there might think I’m cantankerous, but they’d never dream I was secretly sitting on a mess like this.  Meanwhile, Fred stayed here.  He couldn’t leave.  And I knew it.”
“Bet your ass, you will be.”
*********************************
Only the slightest twitch of jaw muscles gave Bobby’s shock away from where Sam saw him from behind.
Cas and Dean exchanged quizzical looks.
Castiel blushed, turning back to his desk.  Surely Luc wasn’t flirting with him.
Bobby sighed, looking toward the Smith house.  “Well, Maddie’s parents were gonna get divorced last year but decided to counsel their way through it, I guess.  Maddie took it pretty hard.  But if ya ask me, she runs that house most of the time.  Zoe’s mom, Sue, runs that poor girl like a scheduled jack rabbit.  She swims competitively, does ballet, and she’s always signing her up for town festivals and crap.  That kid works harder than most adults I know.”
Cas’ blue eyes lowered, landing on Dean with the piercing intensity he remembered from Sam and Gabe’s hectic wedding weekend 3 years ago.  “Hello, Dean.”
“And leave you here?  No.  I’m not leaving.”
“She doesn’t care.”  Luc shrugged.
“C’mon, brotha.  You ain’t gonna wanna miss a second o’ this.”
“Maybe,” Castiel said softly.
Chapters 15 and 16 will be shorter and epilogues.
“Right,” Gabe said quite like Ed had a moment ago.
“You’re a little shit,” Dean mumbled, taking another bite.
Bobby nodded.  “You’re right.”
Dean nodded, watching Sam leave.  Gabe came into the foyer, waving to someone at the door.  Dean shook off his fifty million thoughts about the back of the house, switching to wedding mode as he stepped into the foyer, greeting the bride’s family with Gabe.
Sam put his back to him, peeing in the toilet.  “You alright?  My brother being a dick or something?”
Cas grinned at Dean full of hope.  “So...next time we can eat at Good Graces and then have a Dr. Sexy binge fest.”
“Think you’re pretty savage, sneaking into my room at night, getting in my bed.”
“Sam will hold your hair back,” Castiel grinned.
Gabe smirked.  “It’s a little late to pretend we’re FBI agents or anything.  These people already know our life stories.”
Dean raised an eyebrow in surprise.  Usually his answers to Dean were stammered or short.  But he felt a bit more comfortable with him now.  Like they were at least some sort of friends.  Or friendlier than they had been.
Warning bells were tolling in the back of his mind.  But to hell with those.  Nothing was louder than his heart racing at the thought of Dean’s warm skin under his hands.  Memories of the night they spent on a mattress luring him forward.
“Well damn.  Are you sure?”
“We should be doin’ this at night!” Rufus peered out the window again, his hands worrying the buttons of his flannel.
Dean wanted to fucking faint.  “Yeah,” he said huskily, clearing his throat.  A zeal of bravery struck him, knowing Cas wanted him.  “And we might not make it back.  I’ve heard the view from the moon is pretty spectacular.”
“No, that’s okay,” Sam nodded.
Cas threw both his hands up, eyes going wide with innocence.  “I think I was very helpful.”
“No thanks.  I’m not hangin’ around while you...do whatever you do.”
He grinned, kissing Cas’ hand one last time before he fell asleep.
“Now, can we quit talking about the most illegal thing I’ve ever done in my life while there are two officers in the room?”
“Damnit, Gabe,” Sam swore, turning away to pace.
“Huh,” Sam huffed.
“Chip had so many cases filed against him that the judge wanted them combined to save court time.  Once the levy broke, people had all kinds of stories about him covering things up.  Sheriff Nickerson just requested one of the officers be strictly cold-case to determine how many old cases were cover-ups.  It’s a mess.”
“I’ve been working,” he said quietly, forcing his voice not to shake and allowed a nervous smile to match Luc’s confident one.
The rain poured steadily above and around them.  It was pitch black outside.  The power was still out and the candles had all been blown out.
“Uh huh!” She beamed.
“Bitch,” Dean quipped.  “And what the fuck are you wearing?”
“Oh shit,” Dean said under his breath, quiet enough that Bobby didn’t hear him.
“We can’t find Dean.  I went to Brooke’s.  Apparently, they broke up over the summer.  I’m worried.  He won’t answer my phone.”
“Sam,” Dean said seriously, slumping in his chair a bit as his cheeks held a pink glow, showing he was about half tanked, “this place is Crazytown.  I feel like I have the crazy ON me!”
Floored.  Castiel felt shocked.  “You knew?”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean, Mahoney, Wayne, and Gabe shouted.
“Far as I know, she’s sleeping upstairs.  There’s a wedding going on now, but we’re having dinner in a few hours.”
“I mean, you know how to put one in?”  He grinned.
Bobby handed Cas the keys.  “Should be plenty of room for everyone tonight.  I’ll be back in the morning.”
Dean sighed.  “If I had my own shop...I’d have a music store.  Or a comic book shop.”
“You didn’t ask!  I’ve also heard that he and Cas are dating.  Sonny said they were at Harrington’s making goo-goo eyes at each other.”
Sam shook his head at his husband, grinning with amused adoration as Gabe shrugged.
The light turned green, and they proceeded slowly through the intersection.  Crooks was a one-stop town.  Literally.  After passing a bank on the corner, and a tattoo parlor, the sign for Harvelle’s Roadhouse lit up against the night sky like a warm welcome.  “Here we go,” he said quietly, hoping he was about to embark on a good thing.
“No, I’m good.”  Castiel gave him a tight grin over his shoulder.
“No.”
Buddy approached the woman, smelling her.  His nose trailed one leg from her knee to her boot.  Bobby had taught them all the line of Japanese.  Buddy would smell the person and tell you what they were.  He was yet to ever be wrong.
“Break it up!  Who’s fighting?”
Final chapter!  One of the hardest parts of this fic has been not sharing Dean’s perspective on things.  Let me just say, he’s dong the best he can.
“Who?”
They headed up the steps and around the house.  The carport was quiet and empty but for the gleaming Impala that sat there.
“Now that, I’m not telling.”
Dean nodded.  “His timing is perfect,” he griped.  “Coulda used some extra muscle with that damn dresser.”
“Hey, we can always come back tonight.  The skinny-dipping parties are the best.”
The smell of stale beer filled the air.  It was dark inside with the curtains drawn, dark brown paneling and dark brown carpet.  Trash sat around the coffee table, couch and chair.  Empty beer cans littered the living room and kitchen.
Cas reached forward and pulled him closer by the elbow.  “You worry.”
“As soon as Fletcher gives us a good reason, it’s Scooby time.”
Sam appeared in the doorway of the kitchen, his face lighting up.  “Dean!”
“Are you doing wedding crap?” Dean snapped.
Dean held his hands out in surrender.  “I’m at least gonna see what Bobby has to show us.  I think he’s lost his mind, but I’m gonna go see what he has to say.”
“Are you on the porch yet?” Gabe yawned.  “Chuck?  You alright?”
Sonny froze at the table as two police officers came in.  Every head turned to look at them.  The woman, a blonde, looked around the diner with a pleasant enough grin.  Sonny whirled into action, her smile returning.  “Hey there!  What can I get you?” She asked, going behind the counter.
“Table or bar?” Cas asked, looking up at Dean as the rest of the weird town faded away into little importance.
Castiel shook his head.  “I’ve known for a long time.  I just wasn’t comfortable talking about it.”
Sam, belatedly, and looking a little confused, hugged him in return before stepping back.
Whether Luc had been chased off by Dean or he was just avoiding him, Cas did not see Luc the last two days of school.
Castiel swept a thumb over Dean’s nipple, watching his breath catch.  He did that.  He could make Dean respond to his touch.
Bobby sighed.  “I’m gonna tell you something.  You’re gonna think I’m nuttier than Fred.  But it’s the truth.”  Silence stretched for a minute as Bobby adjusted his hat.  “Monsters are real.”
Gabe rubbed at his forehead, leaning in when Sam put an arm around him.
“Why?  The cops here are dirty!”
Deb pulled away from Olivia, sniffling and wiping at her tears again.  “The police won’t do anything.  They said it was a heart attack!”
“Like what?” Gabe smirked.
“Ooohh,” Luc grinned a little wider.  “Didn’t know pretty boys like you got all rough and tumble.”
Sam gave Cas an amused grin.  Well, at least he was making light of the situation.  He cringed to think how Dean would handle it.
“Dean is still terrified to go again!” Sam laughed.  “How many cavities did he have?”
“Ripped our fingernails out!” Dean yelled, his rage peaking.
Bobby nodded, both he and Rufus peering across the street.  “Rufus and I are gonna go to Naoki’s.  We got a key from Olivia and she knows we’re gonna take care of the cat.”
Castiel’s first day of work was a lot to take in.  The day began with a 7am change of shift unit meeting where he was introduced to some of the staff and listened to a briefing of how the residents faired the past night.  He went with the other RN to hand out meds to all the residents.  After that, he spent several hours in a visitor’s lounge reviewing charts to get to know his new charges.  Fred Jones sat quietly by his side watching cartoons, saying and interacting very little.  Nonetheless, Castiel enjoyed his quiet presence.
Fireworks lit up the sky, lighting their faces in a red glow.
“Yes, you did.  Now let’s go inside before our teeth start chattering.”
“It wasn’t all you.  Dean has some explaining to do too,” Gabe glared.
Dean shrugged his shoulders uncomfortably.
I ruined everything.
Gabe nodded.  “I’m gonna change clothes and...”
A knock at the front door had all of them looking at it in confusion.
“I am a grouch,” he mumbled, frowning as Sam propelled him through the kitchen and toward the front door.
“Course it’s loaded,” Bobby said.  “It ain’t fer looks.”
Gabe bit into his granola bar.  “I don’t know.  She looked healthy as a horse, like all the other kids around here, running and playing.”
“Luc is into some crazy shit, Cas.  Stay away from him.  Gabe said you left school with him and I just knew he’d drag you up here.”
“This isn’t what was supposed to happen,” Dean muttered.  “I can’t...”
After years of fresh-caught fish, straight from ocean to grill to plate, every fish he ate in the lower 48 was subpar.  “No.  I have plans, actually.”
“Terrifying,” he admitted.
“Knows what?” Cas asked.
“Ah, that was just the get to know you portion.  I can see why you want outta that place.  Ms. Dowling isn’t nearly as friendly as Sam makes her out to be.”
“No,” Sam scoffed.  “Nothing.”
He stared, stunned to silence.
“Well, well,” Madge smiled.  But something about her smile belied her pleasure at seeing whoever it was.  Sam turned, following her gaze.  A man with a beard, jeans, a tan t-shirt, and a trucker style ball cap was heading toward the food table with two bags of Doritos and a bag of Cheetos.
Her slim shoulders relaxed a bit.
Cas stepped back, frowning.
“It was!” Dean laughed, so glad to be home.
Dean frowned.  “What kind of something?”
Dean grinned softly.  “Hey.”
The drizzle and crash of the waves came back to Castiel’s awareness abruptly as he followed Dean’s gaze.
“Maybe Deb was just discussing business with the Bermans, not sneaking down here to see PJ romantically,” Cas pondered.
She wiped her cheeks off and sat up a bit straighter.  “Now’s not a good time,” she said as Sam and Mary came in behind him.
“Stop!” Dean laughed harder, burrowing away from Castiel’s mouth on his neck.
Bobby leaned forward onto his desk; fingers laced like he meant business.
“Morning,” Gabe mostly grinned.  Garth could figure out the door stop.  He wasn’t worrying about anything else to do with the house other than packing up the last bit of their essentials.
“Fuck,” Dean growled into his neck.  Castiel gasped, grabbing Dean’s hand to stop it from pumping anymore and making him scream.
Castiel shook his head no.
“Hello, Sam,” she smiled adoringly at him.
“That is not how I raised you!” Gabe said dramatically, making Cas chuckle beside him.
Gabe sighed.  “I will never get the last hour of my life back.  I hope you know that.  Even Fletcher thinks Garth is weird.”
Castiel blushed, stepping back a little as Luc stepped up to him.  He ran a finger down his jaw, taking his chin with his thumb and finger.  “Feeling brave today?”
Dean and Sam go snooping.
Dean stood up, collecting Castiel in his arms, turning and falling onto the bed with him.  Dean kissed him hungrily, gripping his hair with one hand and holding him with the other.
You might think you can judge a neighborhood by its ‘feel’.  The condition of the shutters and the gauge of the people out and about are no real testament to what life looks like behind dingy or freshly installed front doors.
“Did you chase everyone away?”
Cas looked over at Dean who was in the exact same position as he fell asleep in.  “It’s perfect.”
Deb gave him a questioning look.  “What did you think?”
“Get out of here, Smitty!” Dirk glared.
Rather than joke this off, Castiel studied every pore and hair his fingers trailed.  “Now that I understand you better, that won’t be a problem.”  In his peripheral vision, he saw Dean’s brow furrow slightly.  He faced him, staring.  Trying to figure out just what made him tick.  “Dean...you will be honest about what you want, right?”
“Shhh,” Dean shushed quieter, wincing harder.
Cas shook his head no.  “She died my first day working here.”
“Whoa,” Dean laughed short, not meeting his eye.  “If you can’t handle a little lesson on French kissing, then I won’t teach you anymore.”
“What’s with the death glare?” Gabe asked, finding Deb just full of juicy details.
He turned around, happy to his monster-slayer soul to suddenly have his arms full of tiny body and red hair.  “Charlie!”
“Me?” Crowley grinned like a cat.  “I protect my interests.  Just so happens you lot and I both have plenty to gain from staying out of a courtroom.  And the public eye.”
Luc grinned at him.  “Am I still taking you home today?”
Gabe flopped onto his unmade bed, still texting someone.
“Some girls she’s taken in over the years,” Bobby added.
********************************************************
“You know the big, gaudy sign that hangs over his doors?  Dreams by Rochè.  Well, we changed it to Dreamkiller by Roach.”
“Coming,” Sam said, grabbing the towels and following him inside.  In the doorway, seeing Dean had gone to the kitchen, Sam hesitated with a guilty look on his face.  “I know you have a crush or whatever on Dean.  He’s a lost cause really.  Sorry.  If he didn’t have a girlfriend, I’d try to hook you two up.  But he’s not as open-minded as the rest of us.  He hasn’t been giving you a hard time, has he?”
“Go!” Dean waved frantically toward the back door, herding them all around the butcher block and outside.  They ran, vaulting over benches on the patio, high jumping hedges and bushes until all three disappeared into the tree line of Bobby’s property, none of them stopping until they dropped onto Rufus’ front porch, heaving for air, and adrenaline still pumping hard.
Castiel shifted slightly, both his hands pulling at his jeans a little.  He was hard as a rock and trying to hide it.
Dean watched every move he made with a little grin toying at his lips.
“I’d like to come along, Officer,” Gabe restated.
The man’s tranquil grin quickly dropped with a shrug.
Fletcher’s face lit up.  “No.  But he says he likes it here.  And I do too.”
Cas looked down this time.  What hunters went through could be truly heartbreaking.  It was difficult to picture the solemn priest as a hunter.  A man with needs and weaknesses.
