Peter stared at him flabbergasted, ” So you mean to tell me...”
Peter nodded in agreement, “ That and Harry Potter,”
The team took this opportunity to set phase two of their plan into action. As Peter stumbled back Mantis jumped onto Thanos, using her powers to sedate him. Within moments he was tied down in the thickest strings Peters web blasters could produce and he instantly went over to assist Stark in tugging off the golden piece that had somehow became a part of  a plan for universal destruction. It ever so slightly was coming off, but it was really tightly fitted. Like a pair of jeans that were 3 sizes too small.
Peter took a breath, ”Well! I know there are 12 Olympians and there were Titans too...and the Gods overthrew the Titans and-”
Well I’m doing just fine...I lied...I’m dyin’ inside.
After everyone was done questioning the existence of Gamora, who was obviously very important to the group, especially if they were here on Titan seemingly very pissed off at Thanos. If Percy was being completely he was having trouble keeping track of the conversation, his demigod senses were running wild accessing the situation. He was hyper-aware of the arm around Peters' neck. His main focus was getting his...whatever Peter was to him out of danger. Percy was pretty sure if he repositioned riptide he’d be able to free Peter, but he had no idea how fast this man was with his trigger. Strange could probably prevent the gun from firing, maybe make a portal and get them to safety, but he had no idea how to communicate his plan to the older man.
When Peter finally finished Percy bit his lower lip and stared ahead, ”You know what I admire what you're doing here- don't get me wrong I really do but why in the name of Hades did you not tell Stark what was going on. This all could've been avoided.”
They were both quite for a minute or so, each sizing each other up wondering who was going to speak first, or more likely who was going to try and bolt. “So,” Percy rocked on his toes looking around “ I imagine you’ve got some erm...Spiderman-ing to do and I do still kinda have a train to catch. You know my mom would kill me if I got home too late.”
By this time they were out of the school walking towards the nearest park. Percy reached into his backpack as they sat down and pulled out what appeared to be blue cookies, well, smashed blue cookies anyway. Percy gave him a somewhat embarrassed smile. ”I tried” he bit into one before offering the bag to the other teen.
Everyone looked at him weirdly.
”WELL! That was fun! Let's do that again sometime but for now I believe food was mentioned....ok maybe I was the one who mentioned food but Stark is a billionaire or something surely he can spare 10 bucks give or take for a pizza.”
Percy and Peter head to Camp Jupiter to give them more information on Thanos in person so it is easier to have cooperation between the two camps.
Dr.Strange heads to the future to see if there is any way they can actually defeat Thanos
After introductions Percy stood up on the nearest bench and shouted something in what Peter  could only guess was Greek. Whatever it was it got their attention.
GREAT.
”Peter, you're babbling and I'm afraid I'm having a hard time following what you are saying. Can you start from the beginning?” Mr.Stark said.
Percy sighed, ” Stark. I was once told to save a friend I'd sacrifice the world. Either I go up with you or I find another way up.”
Throughout the trip Percy kept glancing over at him with a strange expression on his face. Peter knew he was masking some kind of emotion but he couldn’t manage to figure out what. Percy could be an open book if he wanted or a completely blank slate and he knew when he was showing which side. He used it to his advantage.
Thanos is awake.
Percy gets his pizza and an offer that Peter thinks he can’t refuse but that is just the tip of the ice berg.
Thanos waved his hand and the scene shifts:
”You ok, Pete?”
”What do you mean he doesn't make it, ” Tony demanded.
Brown eyes quickly spun around, shiny from crying but bright with hope’ ”PERCE!” he charged forward and Percy reached out to grab his hand but the moment they touched Percys hand began to grey.
”What?” Peter interrupted.
”What?”
No. It's a trick. There is no way he’d allow major threats to stick around.
Dead. Someone had to have died, Peter thought.
Thanos gives Percy an offer that's hard to refuse.
It went on like this for a while.
Peter looked over and noticed his expression had softened greatly. The boy took a deep breath and walked across the room and rigged in his backpack before pulling out a golden coin.
He gingerly obliged, ” I'm Spiderman. I'm a friend of Percy. We need to speak with you.”
“I’m a Hufflepuff yeah, we need to watch the movies together. Harry Potter weekend when we get home?”
In the middle of the trios conversation Peter got a panicked call from Tony rambling about Hulk returning and Asgard being destroyed. That was not good. Nico offered to take them to New York.
Peter gets to take a trip to a certain camp that we all have a place for in our hearts. He also meets a certain blonde.
Crumbled.
His arm followed, shortly after his legs followed.
They were back in Avengers tower- no the compound upstate. They were lounging in pajamas on Tony Stark’s couch in front of a large flatscreen, with the lights fairly dimmed. Percy and Peter were cuddled up next to each other, Peter was laughing at whatever joke had just been told and grabbed a handful of popcorn, throwing a few pieces playfully at his boyfriend before giving him a small kiss on the cheek and turning back to the movie. Harry Potter. They were finally having their marathon. His mom and Paul were there, so was a little dark haired baby. Estelle. Peter’s Aunt May was there too, along with Tony and Pepper, both looking years younger. Stress-free. Even Annabeth was there so was Grover, Nico, along with Peter’s best friends Ned and MJ, they were in the corner developing deep on Reddit for the latest theories. Percy wondered if they would actually be friends in real life. Everything was happy, it was calm, it was perfect.
The buff grey alien under Starks foot groaned, “Do it Quill! I can take it.”
The Gaurdians looked horrendously confused, Starlord cleared his throat, “ What the HELL is a Hufflepuff?!”
Stark charged up his gun when he saw the arm around Peters neck tighten, “ You kill my guy I blast him.”
Peter smiled and tackled him in a hug. They laid there for the rest of the night calmy,  a smile on each of their faces, happy and close.
Poor kid, Tony thought, Poor poor kid, and he reached forward and started recording,
Aliens are assholes.
So he allowed her to drag him through the laughing crowd, over towards Percy and his friends. Peter felt completely out of place there. He knew it wasn’t his fault but he couldn’t help but feel like he was intruding on a moment he wasn’t supposed to be a part of. But then one of the girls Percy was talking to turned around and smiled at him. It made him feel warm throughout, he couldn’t help but stare at her golden eyes and curly dark hair. She gave of an aura of comfort and stepped aside to make more room for Peter.
Percy however took a different approach raising an eyebrow, ”Names have power.”
Peter thought.
Peter and Annabeth slowly made their way to the camp fire. Every once and a while they would stop and Peter would listen to Annabeth explain the history, meaning and purpose of a particular statue or cabin or tree every time they passes something hung she deemed important. And of course Peter didn’t mind at all. He was playing catch up on this whole gods thing anyway. Any extra information was good. Nonetheless, Peter decided he really liked Annabeth, she was intelligent, strong, and passionate.
Percy thought,
“The guy couldn’t even come up with a cool original name, he just stole one from the Greeks,”
Peter had come back, Percy went silent but gratefully accepted the glass of water and remedy for his headache. Percy stared at Stark glanced at Peter and then back to Stark. Tony got the message.
Peter knew that Perce wasn’t being vague on purpose the last 48 hours...had been eventful to say the least but he was hoping they’d mention it eventually. Peter eventually snapped out of his musings and slowly linked hands with Percy. He wasn’t sure how he’d react, but when he saw the soft smile on his face, Peter gripped slightly tighter grinning widely or at least until he felt a hand on his shoulder, the thing was it wasn’t a familiar hand.
But that just reaffirmed Peters thinking. He did not want Percy as an enemy.
“No! He can’t take it!” The alien with longer hair shouted.
There was a flicker of temptation.
Peter looked at Percy in confusion. ”You mean like in The Odyssey? Like what we are doing in English.”
Maybe if he did... they really would be safe. His mom, Paul, Peter. Maybe if he just...
Peter didn't respond, he was too surprised by the fact that he was dry. Percy rolled his eyes and they moved ashore and sat on the sand, ”You never fail to surprise me, Percy Jackson, ” Peter said.
For the first time the boy, Nico, apparently seemed to lighten up when he gave Percy a small smile, ”Hey Percy, it has been a while,”
“I'm a survivor,” said Thanos the purple bull stubbornly
Class ended 20 minutes later. Percy waited for Peter at the door as he finished packing his backpack up. ” Thanks for that. With Flash I mean...you didn't have to do that.”
The one holding Peter smirked, ” What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say Jesus”
Tony smirked, ”Like are you dating? Just friends? Brothers from another mother?” he wrinkled his nose, ”Forget I said that Cap told me it would be a good idea. He lied. But still?”
Fury occurs the moment he realized it was a fake. The gem is smashed and Strange is thrown into the grown, the impact makes him blackout. Out of nowhere a red and gold device latches itself onto the infinity gauntlet,
Steve Rogers seemed to appear put of nowhere. He walked towards the three and gave Tony a kiss on the cheek before looking over Percy, ”Uh Tones...this is a kid.”
Peter visibly swallows, confused, ” You're- you're not with Thanos?”
Peter nodded and traced his hand across the intricate coral designs,  “It is beautiful still, even with the damage.”
”Oh Fleecy, do me a solid, show me Percy Jackson in his apartment, ”
”So what is going on here I need to know everything.”
Percy closed his eyes and began to feel faint but there was no nectar no ambrosia. Nothing to heal a demigod. Not even a single drop of water besides in his blood itself.
Percy was standing next to him, hands in his sweatpants pockets, rocking back and forth on his heels, a tiny smile visible with his tousled hair, “My friend Nico...I believe I mentioned him...well he was a little too powerful so I had to break it to prevent anything else from happening,”
Before Percy and Peter finish up their conversation on the park, they are interrupted by a phone call from a very angry Mr.Stark.
Peter and Mantis are both flung across the terrain. He rushes to help her and quickly notices that all of the guardians were floating unconsciously in the surrounding areas. He rushed to gather them, well, more importantly prevent them from ramming into one another, or worse.
“-DAMN IT! Kid! You scared me! Good to see you again. You too Percy and uh...”
“Have either of you seen that really old movie Aliens?” Peter asked.
Percy smiled bitterly, his lip had been cut during the fight and it turned his teeth a vibrant red leaving a metallic flavor in his mouth, ” We lost...why would you do that?”
“Hey guys....Percy are you wearing an Ironman suit?” a voice said popping out from nowhere, with the voice a smiling Peter Parker who was hanging from the ceiling.
”What just happened, ” Tony choked out.
”It’s good to see you Mr.Stark, sir, ” Peter said quietly.
Now Peter had heard about Pegasus before in fairy tales and myths but not once did he ever expect to see one. And he certainly never even in his wildest dreams did he expect to to see a Pegasus fly onto one of Mr.Starks balconies nor did he even imagine  think he’d be swinging alongside the son of a sea god as he flies across Manhattan’s muggy sky.
They eventually made it to the fire pit, the flames were roaring wildly. Surrounding them were a bunch of teenagers all wearing the damp bright orange shirts. Well, mostly all, there were a few purple ones in the mix, but either way there was an excited energy to them all they made Peter slightly nervous. He was glad he put the mask back on, he didn’t like it when people saw he was afraid. Peter spotted Percy on the other side of the circle, who was talking with the boy he met earlier, Grover, and 3 other people he hadn’t seen before. Peter couldn’t help but notice how relaxed and happy Percy seemed with these people. Sure, Percy never was cold or guarded around him, but here it was as if he let go of all his worries. Like he was home. Peter supposed in a way, he was.
They entered Stark’s living room. Peter had been here a few times when they had watched though the Harry Potter movies when Peter had found out Mr.Stark hadn't seen them or read the books. Thankfully, Tony liked them, and while he won't admit is he didn't mind spending more time with the kid. The trio sat down, Percy and Peter right next to each other and Tony in a chair across from them.
Starlord looked confused, “What?”
Percy explained his vision to the other three. Rachel chimed in every once and a while adding new information. Peter wasn't sure how she knew any of this but he didn't question any of the information. Peter also noticed Annabeth glancing intensely at Percy with a somewhat sad smile on her face. Once the room was debreifed Percy, Grover and Rachel mentioned something about organizing a camp meeting in order to inform everyone on what was going on. Chiron left to go and speak with someone named Mr.D leaving Peter and Annabeth alone. He tried to smile at her before remembering his face was under the mask and getting embarrassed and was glad his blush was hidden.
Mr.Stark tried not to snort as he suited up. Ideally he would make some snippy comment and then dramatically Iron Man it up but he figured the kid seemed to have that covered. Percy was already kicking one of the aliens butts. He had busted one of the pipes running under New York for some water which both made him stronger and seemed to short out the space raisans weapons. Tony figured that he should probably help now so he shot into the air firing his blasters at them. Things were going decently enough, Peter and Death kid quickly joined them. Peter and Percy ended up working together seamlessly and Death- Nico was doing some creepy skeleton stuff but hey who was Stark to complain as long as he was on their side. But then the magicians showed up again. Said something about using the stone was the best was to protect it. Or some stupid reasoning like that. And wizard cape guy got himself kidnapped by the prune.
Tony freaks out and worries about Peter. Percy invites Peter to take a little trip with him.
”Do you know what Stark wants to know?”
Percy ended up getting the Pizza that he desired. Tony was staring at the boy carefully while he ate, and Steve analyzed his every move uneasily. No one had ever beaten him that quickly or that easily. Sure at the beginning he had gone easy on the boy but he saw a challenge and he was pretty sure Percy was restraining himself too. The only one who seemed to be unaffected by Percy and Caps little showdown was Peter. He was laughing at some joke Percy had made. Despite Tony being impressed with this new kid, he liked him a lot. He hadn’t seen Peter smille like that since the first time he had given him the Spiderman suit. In fact they both looked really happy together. Tony walked over, stole a slice of pizza off Peters dish before he grabbed it and flopped between the two.
Peter crossed his arms stubbornly but obliged.
Percy grabbed Peters hand and they found themselves sitting quietly on the dock watching the sunset. It was a comfortable silence, not awkward or eerie. The only noise was the subtle crash of the waves onto the shore and that occasional splash of Peter kicking the water.
“Stark,” Thanos grumbled
Attempted.
-Kath
Plan 637: stone gone, half the people survive.
Percy smirked at him. ”Yeah ok deal. But seriously I do have to get home. My moms making blue pancakes for breakfast tomorrow so there is no way I'm getting myself in trouble tonight. We'll talk after school. Somewhere private got it?”
Stark blinked, ”Youre from Earth.”
“WHAT THE HELL PARKER!” Tony whispered angrily.
rhythm.
Thanos attempts to say something else as a giant piece of rock hurls in from the sky towards the purple entity, he is cut off as it slams him into the group.
“I’m your worst nightmare,” Nico answered darkly, at Tony’s uncomfortable expression the three teens laughed, “I’m sorry I had to do that, but I’m Nico.”
Peter groaned, ” No Percy I...Oh God why am I doing this...Percy I like you romantically...like how you and Annabeth liked each other, ” the room went silent for a mixture.
”I’ll send Happy to your apartment, he’ll take you to the compound. Be there in 20 minutes, ” and with that, the phone hung up.
Peter obliged and the car ride upstate was almost completely silent which Peter appreciated. He was struggling to figure out what the hell he had done. Once they arrived Peter was led to Mr.Stark’s lab where he met a very angry mentor and what looked to be a recording pulled up on one of his many computers.
Annabeth grinned at him, ”Percy always has been an excellent judge of character. You guys friends?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“14,000,605”
Hey guys no doubt you’ve noticed how inactive I’ve been I’m really going to try to get back into this fic, life has been hectic but I love this storyline and I love all of you so know I’m doing my best and I’m not abandoning this story- but I do have a shout-out to @avaclare and @reidk who both have created a fic here called Diving Bell which has a similar prompt so I highly recommend checking them out if you enjoy the story! Thanks for the comments and support it means the absolute world to me! Love,  Kath!
”Sir I'm afraid I really have no CLUE what you're talking about.”
Steve stuck out his hand and the sheid flew into it, ” This really doesn't seem like a fair fight do you want like a-”
he thought pulling Riptide out of his pocket. He threw down his backpack and began charging at the irritating beast. He was able to stab it in the leg before  flames erupted from it's mouth. Percy quickly called on water to wash out the beast when he saw a web fly down from above. Then another. Before a masked figure swung down from a building near him and began wrapping up the pesky chimera. Sure, he knew about Spiderman from YouTube, even though he didn't have a phone you couldn't really go anywhere in New York without hearing his name. Spiderman was Queens’ pride and joy, but still it was a bit shocking to see the figurehead wrapping up one of his enemies. Percy sort of figured Spiderman was a more friendly neighborhood type of guy but apparently he minored in Greek monsters too, or at least he does now. Percy quickly shook himself out of his shock before using the situation to his advantage and finishing the beast, causing gold dust of scatter everywhere. Percy turned back to the formerly masked figure to give him his thanks hoping he wouldn't be asked to many questions before he felt a lump form in his throat. Standing in front of him clutching the aforementioned spiderman mask was the incredulous face of Peter Parker himself. ”Percy, is...is that you?” he asked.
Percy mumbled something under his breath and grabbed Peter’s hand dragging him through camps border, “HELLOOOOO! ANNABETH! GROVER! CHIRON! WE NEED TO TALK!” he shouted.
Mantis did some of her mind reading magic, and Peter watched as the other Peter’s face seemed to grow red with fury. But the younger spiderling couldn’t seem to hear what was going on, he couldn’t seem to get a grasp on the situation until Mr.Stark said in a deathly calm voice, “ Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it right now, you understand?”
Percy looked thoughtful for a minute and then his eyes widened and he looked at Peter concerned. It seemed as if they were having a conversation yet neither one said anything. Percy then stood up and dragged Peter out of the room.
Percy gave him a sly grin, ”Blue food is the best food! And that's a fact!”
Two, they made a plan, it was shaky, and poorly executed, the guardians would hijack Thanos’ ship while the others distract him. It instantly doesn’t work,  the ship goes completely haywire the moment someone unauthorized touched it. Everyone’s dead, and the stone, completely gone.
Steve hesitantly lunged and their fight commenced. The older man was disarmed within 30 seconds. Percy had Anaklusmos resting a the base of his neck not far after, ”Okie Dokie! Not bad Mr.Rogers thank you for going easy on me.”
Peter blushed, ”Shut up. And I tried, ” and then he heard his phone go off. He swallowed when he saw who it was and nervously answered.
No one said a word as the stone slowly appeared but Percy attempted to croak out a ’no’
Tony rolled his eyes, “Ok hotshot, do you have any ideas on what to do here? I’ll lecture you later.”
Thanks for reading! I'll update soon! Let me know what you think and give me suggestions on what’ll happen next!
Percy sighed and recapped his sword before sitting down, ”Does anyone have ibuprofen?”
With a smirk on the grapes face he moved, accepting the stone than infinity gaunlet and all, within seconds he’d vanished before anyone could move.
”Its your move Strange, what’ll it be, the kids or the stone?”
“You tell me where Gamora is or I’ll choke it out of Thanos myself.”
Peter gave him a shy smile, ”So son of Posedion, I take it it is my turn now?”
“All this for a drop of blood?” a dark smile briefly flutters onto his face before he moves to punch the man. Tony flies back at the point of contact.
While Percy could see Thanos’ masking attempt there was still a flash of surprise that crossed his face, ”You know young one, I hate to admit this, but I am surprised that one of your kind is fighting alongside's the likes of them.”
Percy poured some into Peters glass, ”Try it,”
Stark looked at the bickering boys fondly before sitting next to Strange, motioning for the others to join him, “Well Dr.Strange what is this one outcome where we don’t all reach our unsightly demises?”
Peter blinked, ” Excuse me?”
While they had grown up very differently, they had a lot in common. And it was obvious to anyone that their relationship was deeper that strictly co-workers, they were family. Which is was why it broke Peters heart when had he walked in on Tony recording a will of sorts. It was a bit disturbing really. Seeing someone so strong breaking like that. Tony Stark was Ironman but somewhere along the line Peter had forgotten that ironman was still human, he hurt. Peter walked over silently grabbed his hand and nestled his head in the crook of Tony’s shoulder.
Percy and Peter have a nice little wholesome moment in the midst of all the chaos.
“Peter we saw that together,” Percy smiled.
Percy concentrated as much command ADHD demigod could as Peter was grabbing his shoulders sobbing and yelling at him for leaving but was able to slowly separate the out the water from the blood that'd left his body. He let it slowly enter where he was stabbed and felt a familiar tingle.
”Ah...I'm alright. The air and I well let's just say we don't exactly get along.” He gave Peter what reassembled a little salute before turning on his heel walking towards the subway station.
So I wasn't going to post this part until later but I saw a twitter post that made me cry for about a half hour so I needed something hopeful to be added to my stort :) hope you all like this addition.
Tony ran up to Percy swore slightly then raised his voice, ” Yeah New York is closed today so can you just get on that spaceship, zip zip back home.”
“Hm?,” Peter said trying to focus on securely getting his webbing around each branch once they moved to a more forested area, “Wait why can you fly on him I thought you couldn’t be in the air because of the Zues Poseidon thing.”
“I did that a couple years back,” Peter heard a small chuckle behind him.
“You may regret that. He brought you face-to-face with the Master of the Mystic Arts.”
Percy shrugged, ” I could say the same for you.”
Stark was hovering above them now along with Starlord, and Peter was losing interest, he had heard conversations like this, acts of atrocity committed in the name of good. As if there was some how justification for the murder of millions. It happened all throughout earths history and it still happens now. The planet faded back to its rocky terrain and Peter was shocked back into focus
There was a long pause before, “One,” was gravely remarked.
Tony attempts to get the tea on Peter and Percy’e relationship, Peter is in a constant state of worry, and Steve...Steve is trying his best.
Peter, Tony, and Steve remained completely silent.
Peter guessed he wasn't supposed to hear that but with his enhanced hearing he really couldn't help it, ”Percy I like you.”
Eventually near the end of the drive they got off the phone because Percy was getting nervous about attracting too many monsters and Peter, well he just kind of wanted to talk.
Yet here he was, living something that shouldn’t be possible.
The one under Tony’s metal foot decided to chime in too, “I’ll do YOU one better. WHY is Gamora”
Percy shifted uneasily, ”Are we...not going to say anything? This is getting creepy.”
Peter gets to meet more of the gang and Percy delivers a cheery speech to his fellow canpers (not really)
Percy and Tony are able to catch up to the spaceship that held Strange and Peter. Peter is still a sarcastic nerd and Percy loves it.
Mr.Stark nodded enthusiastically, ”Right you are! Now have at ’em no mercy!” and then he stepped back pulling Peter back with him.
Strange took a deep breath and began.
Despite everything it was working.
Peter blinked, startled, “It never was...”
”Percy, you...you should take the offer...I know you said your mom is having a kid soon and...Mr.Stark would gladly help your family out...”
Distract, attack, win.
Blowing up your school sucked. Blowing up the school where your stepfather works, well that really takes the cake now doesn't it. Percy hated changing schools, he hated the position it put his mom in and he hated having to meet all new people every 6 months or so because he couldn't seem to stay away from trouble. Well more like trouble couldn't seem to stay away from him. Goode, was well good. He had finally made some friends and some people from camp even attended there! But here he was starting all over again at Midtown. If Percy didn't feel like he fit in at his other schools, well he really felt out of place here. But he did manage to find solace with 3 teens that seemed to be the outcasts at the school. Percy had first met Peter in his English class. Peter had caught him squinting at the board and leaned forward whispering the assignment to him. Percy became quick friends with the rest of the gang after that. They seemed to be the only people at that school that valued being kind. And if Percy was completely honest he was competently infatuated with the hopefulness and passion in the way Peter Parker talked about everything he did.
But there was one thing his dreams his dreams weren't right about, it wasn't Peter who vanished-
Percy simply smirked at him, “I don’t know about that but my uncle certainly is a jerk,”
“Yeah that’s my name don’t wear it out, “
“I finally rest... and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills,”
Peter thought,
“Percy! I know that’s you why- why do you have a sword what is going on,” Peter sputtered.
When he was finished Peter was gaping at him, ”So uh how are you alive?”
Things changed abruptly . Percy was laying over Peters fading body. Dust. Screaming, sobbing. He was in pain and there was nothing Percy could do. Everyone around him was fading, crumbling, dissapearing . Everyone was hurting. His fault. His fault.  There was nothing he could do but watch their suffering. It was like there was a piece of glass between him and the outside world. All he could do was watch.
“Half-bloods, Immortals, and Legacies! For stupid some reason, the Fates don't think we've been through enough! So we have a new dude we have to defeat! Woohoo? We don't know much but he goes by Thanos. Not sure if there is any relation to our Thanos. Wants to kill off half the universe- yes that includes puppies so train hard, and send your weapons to the Hephaestus cabin to have them be improved! You'll also get some new gear from the likes of Tony Stark- uh”
”So what are we talking about fellas”
It had been about a week since Percy dissapaered- since half of Peter’s universe had vanished.
They both found themselves sneaking to Percy’s cabin once it got darker. They heard harpies flapping over head and Peter really did not want to die that lamely. Well maybe not die, but seriously maim was a possibility. Peter awkwardly tried to help as Percy set up a bed for him but they ended up getting confused on which way the fitted sheet went on so they decided to push the bed next to Percy’s and share the blankets. They lay next to each other quietly for a while and simply stared up at the ceiling which some how looked the ocean. In fact almost everything in the Poseidon cabin made Peter feel as if he was in some magical under water city. Thinking Percy had fallen asleep Peter sat up and made his way over towards the large fountain on the other side of the room. He ran his hands over a split in the fountain that seemed to add to its ancient aura.
Thanos looked down at his gauntlet, observing his work, “With all six stones, I could simply snap my fingers, and they would all cease to exist. I call that...mercy,”
”Just peachy. See yah,” Peter muttered pulling his bag over his shoulder as he jogged back towards his building leaving a completely bewildered Percy alone on a park bench.
Percy simply raised an eyebrow at the boy “ it seems we both have our secrets now doesn’t it?”he responded rhetorically.
Of course Flash noticed him staring. ”Ohhh looks like Penis Parker’s gotta crush on pretty boy over here.”
Flash decides to be a jerk to Peter. Percy swoops in and saves the day. Both of them are trying to figure out what is going on with the other.
”Jackson, ” Peter filled in.
-Now-
He couldn’t help but chuckle sometimes it seemed so silly, so absorb, they hadn't know each other that long... but losing Percy was like losing hope he’d been through so much and still was able to get back up again. He never stopped fighting at least not until now. How is it fair that someone so good, someone who has been through so much who literally survived going through hell and back but ended up losing everything because a giant grape ape snapped his fingers. The universe was more cruel than Peter could understand.
The first one. Thanos lands quickly, army and all, they’re quickly overtaken, Stark is killed, Peter breaks down compromising himself, Percy tries to help but his reaction was distracting, and a alien stabbed him in the back. The time stone was gone within minutes, and with it, Thanos. Only moments later did people begin to crumple to dust. That certainly would not do.
Tony and Peter had grown really close the past few days, sure the older man had always cared about Peter but now the kids dependency on him heightened.So has Tony’s on Peter. The two leaned on each other. Nebula, while resourceful wasn’t exactly the most empathetic or talkative person-alien-robot-thing, so that really left the young protege and his mentor. They talked about everything to keep their minds occupied it started how their conversations usually- incredibly casual- but shortly became more intimate. Surprising both of them it was Mr.Stark who initiated the deeper conversation. He started to tell Peter about the strained relationship he had had with his father, the tension, the arguments, the horrified reaction Tony had gotten when he first brought a boy home. Peter cried for him, and eventually Mr.Stark cried for himself. He’d been bottling things up for so long... then Peter told Mr.Stark how afraid he’d been to tell May. And how scared he was to tell himself.
”...Im very confused right now.”
“Horses are my dads domain so Pegasus’ qualify so no blasting me out of the sky allowed with this one,” Percy chuckled in response.
They were ignored.” HEY CAP! I've got a sparring partner for you today!”
Plan 11028: dead again, admittedly a bit more bloody this time, stone taken, sets path for Thanos to easily get the second stone
Tony put down his mask in response, “I’ll do you one better. WHO is Gamora,”
”Gods, I don't know everything. He was back in Alaska but it doesn't seem like the same person I just- Frank and Hazel are going to kill me jeez... Thanos he's more powerful...more Titan-like, primordially- and purple but hes got something that makes it different. He could be a different version.Another myth? I don't know he could just be some wacko who decided to name himself after a god. I just...we need to get everyone together. I thought I was finally done fighting my stupid relatives but I guess not that'd be to easy... But we need to form alliances ignore any stupid differences, demigod, Avenger, alien, it doesn't matter. Were all living and we all have something yo lose.We need to help each other ” Percy stated solemnly.
Peter turned back to the action and Strange was dramatically draped across a rock “Oh, yeah, you're much more of a ‘Thanos’, “
Percy walked up next to Peter and watched him observe the fountain and mumbled something under his breath that sounded a bit like, ” So are you, ”
Annabeth laughed, ” Oh jeez don't worry about it I still know what was like to be human. I appreciate it. Thank you Peter I can see why Percy cares about you so much.”
Peter hesitantly let his head rest on Percy’s shoulder preparing for the other boy to instantly flinch away. But to his surprise he could almost feel the grin from on Percy’a face before he rested his head on top of Peter’s. Both boys couldn't help but think about how perfectly it seemed they fit together.
Percy shifted uncomfortably, ”In a way I suppose.”
Peter thought trying not to snort,
Percy looked at him weirdly, ”Grilled cheese? I thought- never mind...You're taking this remarkably well...that's the reaction you have to your friend telling you they're half God?”
”I’m uh, Peter, by the way, ” he said sticking out his hand to shake.
Peter snickered, “His dads Posedion, Percy here he’s been offered to be a motherfluffing god, he has much more of a right to be pissed off at them.”
Percy just nodded.
Captain America ended up carrying the unconscious Percy to Tony’s sickbay. No one was really sure what had just happened. Percy looked unnaturally pale and his face was scrunched up like he was in pain. Peter thought about calling Mrs.Blofis but he remembered how much Percy said she worried and with the baby on the way...well he didn't want to cause any unnecessary stress for her. But he did end up calling his Aunt May to let her know he had gotten stuck doing something for his internship and that he’d be home late. Mr.Stark was calmly checking Percy’s vitals and Steve was just attempting to help but he ended up getting in the way so he left to go get something for everyone to drink...he ended up getting lost walking around the compound.
”I’m getting my Peter back.”
Tony interrupted him, ”The two of you need to explain what is going on right now.”
Annabeth gave him an odd little grin, ” Yeah I know who you are. And whatever it is, we will figure it out. After all, Athena always has a plan.”
And the message lost connection.
Peter was about to answer when Percy lurched forward, eyes gold, ”Something is coming, ” he rasped before promptly passing out.
The next morning things between the two were a bit awkward. Chiron had thought it best that some people were sent to warn Camp Jupiter in person so there would be no misunderstandings. Percy had sent an Iris message to a boy named Carter Kane who Peter later learned had a connection to the Egyptian gods. And Annabeth had mentioned something about making a call to her dead Norse cousin. Peter half expected for one of them to ring up Harry Potter or someone from Narnia. All of this seemed unreal. While the were leaving Peter noticed a huge change in the camp. It was much more somber. Sure, people were running around but this time they were rushing about to gather weapons and train rather than working in the fields or playing capture the flag. Mr.Stark had called Peter while they were on a boat that everyone kept referring to as the Argo II. Apparently, Tony had met some wizard guy named Dr.Strange. Peter was told he would be alerted with new information when they had it.
”Oh Spiderman! This is Chiron, ” Percy said point to the man in the wheelchair, ”Rachel, ” he gestured to the ginger haired girl, ”And Grover, ” he pointed towards the half-goat boy, ”and you already met Wisegirl. So everyone met Spiderman. He and the rest of the Avengers are going to help us annihilate the threat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
”I forgot how much you focus in class let's cut this short-  they're all real, ” Percy deadpanned.
Peter smiled a sort of sad but hopeful grin and the two sat quietly together for a while. Peter’s breaths eventually leveled out, making a constant light
”Were in the endgame now,”
Peter attempted to grab the man with his webbing, but unfortunately he just ended up getting dragged up into the ship too. Which obviously worried the hell out of Tony, especially when it turned on and started to head up into space and Peter showed no signs of escaping. Mr.Stark boosted his thrusters up to full speed, in prepared for another teenager to jump on his back right before he went after the ship, ”PERCY! Kid! What the hell are you doing!”
Nico glanced at it, then warily shook it, ” Nice to meet you uh Peter by the way. So what's going on?”
“Thanos. Right. Peter, Percy, Nico, this is Bruce Banner, Dr.Strange, and Wong and vice versa. “
”So, Peter. How would you like to visit Camp Half-Blood?” Percy asked with a playful grin.
Peter thought.
”Is he-” Peter bit his lip. ”Is he going to be ok?”
And so Percy told him everything. Starting from the beginning when he was 12 with the whole lightning bolt fiasco, going to the Titan war, even mentioning vaguely his time in Tartarus. Percy surprised himself with that. He hadn't really talked about that with anyone. Not even Annabeth. In fact he hasn't spoken to her in a while...but somehow with Peter it was easy. He didn't know why but he trusted Peter. He felt like he could tell him anything.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter choked, ”Excuse me?!”
Peter obliged and blinked, ”Its coke! What is with you and blue?”
At that Percy rolled his eyes, ”So I have to make sure I don't piss off the Gods all while making sure I don't piss off the impulsive guy with a militarized suit?”
An idea popped into his head. Annebeth had told him that the human body was about 70% water, if he was able to suffocate- well almost suffocate Ahklys with her own poison maybe he's be able to heal himself with the water in his blood.
Percy turned to him, “Yes!!! Oh my gods I don’t know your Hogwarts house...wait wait don’t tell me you’re a Hufflepuff arent you? I’m a Hufflepuff!”
Thanos somehow won, even with some preparation they’d still lost, failed miserably.
Strange cocked an eyebrow, “Genocide,”
”But I want to make sure Percy is-”
“No more death message things,”
Percy smirked pulling out a pen, ”I've got everything I need. Don't worry about me. Let's just get this over with it is almost lunchtime,”
”There's one more thing...Peter...he- he doesn't make it.”
Percy seemed to have been right about everything.
Much love, Kath
The world seemed to be in slow motion and it revolved around Percy.
We’re they ever going to talk about it, what were they now?
Tony rested his head on Peter, “Were gonna get home, we’re going to get him back kid we will get everyone back I promise you, “ but it sounded more  like he was trying to convince himself.
Percy returned the grin, ”Well that was the deal.”
Tony chuckled and 3 other men seemed to show up out of no where looking at them strangely.
-Kath
Percy and Peter are finally telling each other about the weird aspects of their lives!
“When I drift off, I'll dream about you."
They saw the man who called himself Dr.Strange being monologued by the purple squidward alien along with strange bluish silver bars surrounding him. Some type of advanced alien tech. But Peter was no where to be seen. There was a strange lump-like feeling in Percy’s stomach, he wasn’t used to it, sure he had been afraid for someone before but he didn’t ever think he had been this worried. Stark was obviously assessing the situation just like he was,  determining their next move. The situation seemed slightly helpless, they were at a terrible angle, sure they could see Strange, but they had no idea exactly how many aliens were aboard this ship, nor did they know what sort of weapons they had. It also seemed like a bad idea to move for the same reason, they were hidden and had no way of knowing if there was another spot they could get too quietly enough to observe what was going on.
The alien- who Percy assumed was in charge of the threw seemed to ignore them going on with the classic evil villain monologue, ”Rejoice! For you will die at the hands of the children of Thanos!-”
Mr.Stark butted in, “As wholesome as this, Thanos is a little more important than Harry Potter so-“
There's nothing low watching the person who means everything to you fall to dust in your arms.
Peter grudgingly agreed and helped evacuate the crowds of people trying to get to safety. Logically Percy was smack talking the aliens, ” Hey uh squidward! Aw dude come on you landed on a hot dog vender I was gonna eat there later!”
Suddenly a ship rams into Thanos and a blue figure pops out, “ You should’ve killed me when you had the chance! Where’s Gamora?!”
As Thanos approached he would’ve sworn   Stark had moved. Something had happened, it was brief and subtle, but different.
”We think you'd be a great asset to the Avengers.”
Peter blushed again and rubbed the back of his neck, ” I- uh...”
Hi loves!
Percy raised an eyebrow signalling for him to continue.
Percy took a deep breath and began, ”Look. I didn't want to be a half-blood. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful nasty ways. I only entered this world a few years ago and it all began with my uncle accusing me of stealing his master bolt...”
Percy nodded and turned back around, ” Ok that's all enjoy the camp fire!” and he jumped down and started walking away.
Dr.Stranges cape suddenly cane flying in, draping itself along the mans shoulders, he adjusted himself into a fighting stance, the single that they should get ready for things to become dark and dirty, for there was no way Thanos would play by the rules, “I think... you'll find... our will... equal to yours,”
By the time Thanos had arrived on Titan, everyone seemed to have an idea on what they were doing
”Yeah I don't know either ignore that last part. The point is Jackson over here just got some weird prophecy dream thing and we're all fucked if we don't start getting ready. We can't start and end a battle on the same day and lose. That sounds inspirational but I'm not quite sure it makes sense-”
it was him.
Eye contact was warily passed through the group before Starlord butt in, “How many did you see?”
Thanos pointed forward, far past where Percy was laying, towards two familiar figures. The demigod could hardly make it out do to the dusty air and distance, but he soon realized it was Peter and Tony. They were talking, simply talking, glancing at the Thanos and Percy and then back towards each other in hushed whispers. Or maybe not whispers, he was too far to tell.
Everything else that had been said did not help the situation, and Starlord lunged at the plum man. All of a sudden Stark in no longer by Peter’s side, he is restraining a friend, Peter keeps tugging and then all hope leaves him.
A pink hue started to tint Nico’s cheeks, ”We went to Italy. Wanted to see it without worrying about the worlds impending doom.”
He shrugged, ”I'm just saying Thor can hear that, I don't have much experience with Norse gods besides Wisegirls cousin but I'm sure there are some that would smited you for that.”
The seagreen from his eyes faded and as Peter reached out in one last desperate attempt to save what he’d already thought he’d lost once today there was nothing but dust.
They trailed behind him eventually leading to what looked to be a training room. The younger boys looked at each other in confusion, ” Mr.Stark?”
“Full of tricks aren't we little wizard,” Thanos smirks as he reaches for the stone in Strange's’ necklace.
He lowered the blade and recapped it. Then walked over to Peter and Tony whose mouths were both agape.
Tony blinked, ”Well that is fun but I have a preposition for you Mr.Jackson.”
Thanos punched the man again. And again. And again. And the suit countued to allow him to fight back. Until one forceful blast knocked him into a rock. The body went limp. With one feeble attempt to strike back a sword emerges only to be broken in half and reinserted into the owners body.
“Who wants to murder trillions, very sympathetic”
Percy grabbed his hand to keep him from walking away, and pulled Peter into a kiss. Percy's lips were rough, chapped and tasted of the sea, while Peter’s were soft, smooth, and were sweet like cinnamon. Eventually, Peter pulled away, furiously blushing and apologizing taking the blame immediately before Percy kissed him again this time quicker and softer to silence him which again took Peter by surprise, ” Look, Peter, I don't know what I am but I know I like you. And I know I've wanted to do that since we've met.”
it was a tempting offer and in his position there weren't many alternatives.
Nebula: a blue alien that had apparently shown up in the midst of the chaos (but neither Peter or Tony had noticed her arrival) became vital in their survival. She knew the ship, and the rules of space. Something Stark and the Spideing couldn't say they were well versus in. But the trio eventually had worked out a way to salvage the oxygen and gas. They hadn't used the gas yet because they were still deciding the best direction to go in.
”Believe me, I care about him just as much as you do, if he died I'd blame myself forever.”
”Stark, ” Percy said, his voice low, ” There is something I haven't told you or Peter. Demigods have dreams that are usually...well let's just say they're visions. Something is coming. Someone more powerful than either of us have ever dealt with. He is going to be able to wipe half the universe with a snap of his fingers... Thanos. I met him before just-”
Ironman flew in rapidly with a smirk you could somehow hear from his voice, “Piece of cake, Quill,”
Mr.Stark rolled his eyes, ”Kid, I like you but don't play dumb with me. I was watching baby monitor protocol to make sure it was functioning properly and it's obviously a good thing I checked it out. What on Earth were you thinking!”
Peter was sure there was something Strange was not telling him, but he relented when Percy gave him a goofy grin, “Listen, I'll be ok, you know I’ve done a lot of these single quest, they suck but I’ve gotten this far,”
Peter panicked, ”I have no idea how to respond to this. But that wasn't an old women I didn't do anything wrong sir. That thing- I believe Percy said it was a chimera? I don't remember the exact name but that seems right. You can't see it properly cause of the mist I think. Yeah mist. It's like a girl to keep- Oh! Percy! Percy is the other guy in that clip from the suit cam...he didn't do anything wrong either just so you know ! He mentioned that there are some bad articles about him from a while back but he didn't do any of those things really! It was just the most again. Mostly at least. In fact I think it is odd they labeled an innocent 12-year-old as a terrorist. Like who does that? They barely even knew a quarter of the story it's not his fault he had a rough life
Thankful he didn't have to.
Annabeth took a deep breath, ” How much has he told you?”
”Im afraid we don't bring good news. There's a new threat headed our way.”Percy said solemnly.
Simple.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony looked at him oddly, hoping his expression would communicate through his mask somehow, ”....Your Peter”
Percy and Peter finally get some quiet time to figure out what is going on between them.
”No I'm not from Earth I'm from Missouri.”
”We’re the Avengers man”
”He calls himself Thanos.”
“Hey, what was that?” Peter stammered out unable to stop himself, the curiosity got the better of him.
”What master do you serve?” Strange asked
Percy begins to divulge the world of Greek Myths to Tony Stark. Of course things don't go entirely as planned.
More Guardians and Avenger...fun? Please check my notes loves <3
By this time they were out of the school walking towards the nearest park. Percy reached into his backpack as they sat down and pulled out what appeared to be blue cookies, well smashed blue cookies anyway. Percy gave him a somewhat embarrassed smile. ”I tried” he bite into one before offering the bag to the other teen.
Percy looked over at him worried and Peter tried to give him what he thought was a reassuring smile but it turned out to be more of a grimace, ”Listen I'm sorry but I've got to go.”
Peter felt his hand get squeezed and he looked down at their entwined hands, “ I’ll see you on the other side,”
“I don’t mean to interrupt but there are more important things to handle,” A cloaked figure said.
(See the end of the chapter for
”Hello, Mr.Parker. You and I need to have a talk.
Percy instinctively dove in after him and made an air bubble around them laughing, ”How in Hades did you manage that?!”
”So Peter Parker, how much do you know about the Greek Gods.”
“His name is Blackjack,” Percy mentioned.
Peter looked around surprised that Percy had not followed him and quickly rushed back into the hallway to see Percy curled into himself, against the wall with his eyes shut.
Percy looked over when he heard Hazel talking to a new person, “Oh! Peter errr uh SPIDERMAN! Spiderman I said Spiderman! I’ve been looking for you! Are you ready to debrief everyone else?”
Again Percy had to relive some of the best and worst memories of the past 4 years. Sometimes it still surprised him how much had happened in such a short amount of time. Mr.Stark listened intently and it seemed as if he was compiling a database of information in his brain every second. Peter, even though he was somewhat familiar with this story, he was fascinated by the little details that he hadn't paid attention to the first time around. By the time Percy was finished, Mr.Stark was pacing back and forth in the room mumbling to himself.
alone again.
buddies. Trying to pretend they’re your friends. But you need to snap out of it, and go back to where you really belong. Make a fucking choice, Tony, because I’m not going to just sit and wait for you to get bored. This is last fucking straw. I won’t let him insult me, and I sure as hell won’t stand for you taking his side over mine.” He took a breath and then grinned maliciously, arms folding into his chest. “So- you wanna come back to us and make sure I keep my mouth shut to Howard, or would you rather go off and make daisy chains with Steve?”
Unfortunately, however, Tony didn’t end up managing to make it up before Steve had finished his bath, despite spending a quarter of an hour longer in there than he ever usually did. By the time the water was lukewarm, Steve had accepted defeat and slipped out to grab the towel. He figured Tony probably did have a lot of work to catch up on, considering he’d cut half his day short to go and fret over Steve at Medical.
“I fucking hate people getting involved in my private life, to be honest,” Steve said bitingly, glaring at them both, “fame is not something I give a damn about. All I care about is-“
Tony thought absently in confusion as Steve grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and lifted him up,
Their room was quiet when he arrived, wearily tugging off his tie and dropping his briefcase at the door. He thought Steve was still puttering around in the tower somewhere, until a minute or so later when he heard a brief trickle of water and looked up. The door to their bathroom was slightly cracked open and he peered through it, realising that Steve was actually in the bath, bubbles piled high around him as he relaxed heavily into the edges, eyes shut and beautifully serene. Tony smiled and padded forward, knocking a few times against the door before wandering in. “Good morning, beloved,” he said, hearing the exhaustion in his own voice.
Tony whined and leaned up, catching Steve’s jaw between his fingers and littering kisses over his mouth. “No, no, I disagree. You should keep that hand right where it belongs, which is on my ass, thank you Captain Rogers—”
Steve smiled fondly, until Peggy shot him a look that was partly curiosity, part pity. "Yeah, it's only 'cause his boyfriend's not out yet- but just give it a few months and he'll be screaming it off the damn rooftops, you know what Steve's like."
Tony shut his eyes. “He’s not going to forget that, Steve,” he murmured quietly, “Ty—he doesn’t let things go. You just started an all-out war.”
look up at the ceiling above him.
. Stupid
“I’m not Loki,” he said in response to his younger version’s declaration, but as he knew, the words fell onto deaf ears. Within three seconds they were fighting, and Steve had to hand it to his younger self, the guy sure was spritely. He got a good few hits in, and Steve found himself pinned into a chokehold by the other version, scrabbling at the floor as he tried to get out of the grip.
didn’t want to clean sick up from all over the expensive carpets that he’d just damn laid down.
Looking nervously around him, he counted out each one of the team, all perched on various chairs, laps, or straight up just sleeping on the floor in Clint’s case. Closest to him was Steve, his head laid uncomfortably against the side of Tony’s bed as his hand still remained clasped loosely around Tony’s. On his other side was Bucky, Natasha nestled in a ball under his neck and resting quietly. Bruce and Thor were somehow managing to balance on one single chair in the corner of the room- Tony was pretty sure that Thor was straight up sleep-squatting in order to make room for Bruce.
The answer was no. He didn’t. And every part of him was itching to go back there, right now, and check. Tony wasn’t safe. He just knew it. Something felt wrong; there was that gut instinct, those hairs on the back of your neck that told you of danger before your other senses even registered it. Steve’s body was thrumming with adrenaline he didn’t rationally need, already having made the decision that his brain didn’t want to land on just yet.
"Good for you, hon." Steve said as he came back in, carrying in the ham and setting it on the table. He kissed Tony's cheek before sitting in his place at the table and folding his hands in front of him. "Now would anyone like to say grace?"
"Well that makes sense of why you have a nice, tan body, too." Steve chuckled, wrapping arms around Tony. "I'm Irish. So that explains why I'm so white." He laughed.
Peter kicked back in his sleep, causing Tony to gasp and curl up.
"What're you doing there, little bit? Why you smacking things around?"
"It’s okay, Samwich. We are gonna clean you up so you aren't wet while you be with bubba, okay?" Steve soothed at the baby on the changing table as he fixed up the new diaper. When he was done, he handed the baby carefully back to Peter.
you're the one taking aspirin."
"Everything's okay. Promise."
Tony could hear his voice breaking as he screamed, tears trying to well up in his eyes. He fought them back as well as he was able.
, but it’s not
"No," he eventually muttered.
"Steeeeve," Tony complained, "I'm fine--"
’ went unsaid, but Tony felt it, and he turned over again to keep his face hidden from Steve.
"Fuck," he whined.
Steve grinned back at him, rolling his eyes playfully.
Steve sighed softly, looking up at Tony. "As long as you for sure tell me, all right?"
"Get some rest, Petey. Love you." Steve said as the boy left. He turned back, looking at Sammy with a soft look.
“We’ll see, Captain Cocksure,” Tony scoffed, earning an amused smirk from Bucky at the blond’s nickname, “Just because you recognized me enough for our little sleepover last night doesn’t mean that that’s the case for everyone that you know.”
He nodded at Bucky, leading him out of the workshop and back upstairs to civilization, where laughter filled the room.
"Wha-- then why did you have people put incense in here if you knew you were allergic?" Steve said with a scoff and letting out a chuckle.
He held his hand up at Steve's protests.
"There. Right there, Tony, right
"We'll get to have a baby." Steve breathed, excitement building up in his body. "We'll get to have a baby!"
"I will get a bucket of ice
Tony rolled his eyes, tapping his foot at Steve.
"I just-- I wanna make a good impression, y'know?" Steve said with a deep breath. "I don't... I don't want her to change her mind because she thinks something bad of us."
Tony raised an eyebrow at the seemingly well-wrapped gift, eyes widening slightly as he pulled out the boxes of bandages.
, but I can do this at least." He explained softly, moving them to the beat of the music gently.
"Oh yes, by all means," Tony replied, trying so hard not to smirk, "Have fun, Petey."
Steve nuzzled at his cheek softly, giving him a quick kiss. "Ring or no ring, I'll always be yours." He whispered back softly. "And I'll remind you every day if I have to. I'm yours and you're mine. That’s all there is to it."
"Any matter," he continued, changing the subject, "it shouldn't be hard to talk the coroner into letting us observe. Simply need to explain that I am the man's physician and need to observe the body."
He flicked his eyes over to Steve and smirked, settling comfortably in his seat. The Doctor shivered at the fingers along his neck, fighting off the blush wanting to creep up his neck.
The blond cupped the brunet's cheek and pulled him into a kiss, soft and tender, expressing his thanks. He pulled back and rested his forehead against Tony's before speaking again.
Steve enveloped himself in the pillows and blankets, a content grin plastered on his face.
Tony went back to the table and picked up the glass dildo he'd bought, coating it with a sheen layer of lube before resting it at Steve's entrance.
Steve nodded happily, leaning with the touches Tony left on his skin. He loved the idea. Absolutely loved it. Sounded perfect. Maybe on their anniversary. It would be summer then and warm. It'd be perfect.
He ducked his head under the blanket in shame, whining at Steve.
The brunet crawled back up and was leaned forward between Steve's legs. He wrapped his hand around Steve's cock and helped stroke along with the other. Tony leaned in to find where he had placed the hickey on the other's neck and latched on once more. He gave one good suck at the spot and one good twist of his wrist, and he felt the blond come under the touch with a loud, broken moan.
Tony slept on for a couple more hours before gradually waking up, licking his lips and yawning, but not moving from his spot.
"A grease monkey with doctorates.
Steve sighed, relaxing against Tony's body and trying to keep small movement so he didn't wake the others.
Steve started to walk in with Peter, but stopped before going too far. He faintly smelled a familiar scent, and he didn't want Peter to notice.
Peter started to whine a bit hearing that, causing Sammy to start to whine softly as well.
Tony quickly shut his mouth and dug his fingers into the comforter, offering his hips up to Steve. He shot a pleading look over his shoulder, wanting him to just, "
help." Steve reiterated, looking carefully to Tony with determination. "I wanna help you feel as good as you helped me feel with that, Tony. Besides, I still need practice. Please let me."
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at his husband.
"Yessir," Tony replied almost shamefully, shivering at the silk wrapped around his wrists, "I'm sorry, Sir. I won't disobey you again, Sir."
"Apparently, I'm a child jungle gym," he announced.
"I am also referring to how you tease me in front of others, as well." He murmured. "It’s a bit rude when one knowingly does that."
"I just don't--"
"You can have more later after you eat a good lunch," Tony hummed, standing from the table to kiss Peter's cheek, "Especially if you get Sammy to eat lunch too."
He helped Sammy out of the stroller and pulled the baby to his chest, kissing his fine hair lightly.
He quickly switched positions with the blond, scooting down to mouth at his cock through the boxers. Steve made a soft preening noise at Tony, wriggling a bit under the attention.
Steve opened the book, holding it out for Peter to see the pictures as he read.
tuh," Peter whimpered, leaning into Tony's touch, "I wan downstairs to find Sammy's teetha an' I hit m'knee."
He grinned, flicking his eyes up to Steve.
"Shhhh, Petey." Steve whispered, hugging him close. "Don't be so upset, baby bear. We love you so much and we wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if you ever felt unloved—“
She was the only one who appeared to be left in the living room; everyone else having eventually gotten bored of Peppa Pig and drifted off to bed or wherever else they chose to spend their night. Natasha herself was reading a book, serene and almost cute in her little pink pajamas.
Ugh. He hated when Steve was right. With a pout, Tony looked back out through the window, trying not to think about what awaited for him when he got home. He’d been keeping on top of the important stuff—Pepper had tracked down the person responsible for leaking the footage and was currently in the process of raining hell upon them, and the updates on figures for the product launch was all stored away in his head—but that still left the media to contest with, statements he was gonna have to make… it wouldn’t necessarily be
“not fun. I just need you to…
He wasn’t sure how long he stayed there. But when he finally pulled away from Steve, he could not longer taste anything in the back of his throat.
It didn’t
He was shaking like a leaf, and he wasn’t sure if it was from the ice in his heart or the complete, all-consuming grief.
Catching the train down to Brooklyn and then the cab up to the small secluded graveyard was easy- he’d made the journey plenty of times. It would clean him out for the rest of the week, but hey, he didn’t spend much money anyway. A lifetime of being frugal did that to a person. And really, what else had he been going to do that night anyway? Yeah, sit and stare at a wall for six hours whilst Sam knocked on the door and asked if he wanted to talk? Fun.
“Come onnnnn, Steve,” Clint prodded him in the side with his feet and grinned, “we’re friends, it’s what friends do-“
Running down the corridor and coming out in the kitchen, he slowed himself down to a jog and then carefully checked his reflection on the surface of the microwave. Yeah- flushed cheeks, messy hair and a soda stain down his front. Looking good, Rogers.
“Why are you sad,” he blurted, blinking rapidly and trying not to let the sudden thoughts consume him entirely. He turned to Thor, who didn’t look away from the small grave in front of him. “What happened to make you sad. Do I need to punch someone?”
Steve bit his lip, fighting back the urge to clutch Tony a little tighter as the other man leaned into him, hands pressing into the knots of Steve’s shoulders.
to you, shithead,” Steve said, and then grunted when Ty snapped out his hands and shoved him into the lockers, hard. His head hit the metal and he bit back on the urge to wince, continuing to keep eye contact with Ty. The crowd tightened, gasping in excitement at the fight that was seemingly about to break out on the corridors between Tony Stark’s current boyfriend and Tony Stark’s ex.
“Pepper might disembowel me, but sure.” He shook his head and then laughed once more, dipping forward and kissing Steve again, his face freezing against Steve’s. They’d been walking through the city for nearly an hour, window shopping for gifts they were going to buy for Christmas, but now Tony was due for a business trip and Steve had to go back to the tower alone. Excursions abroad for StarkIndustries business weren’t that uncommon, although it had lessened over the last year or so as Tony stepped back further and further from the CEO elements and become more invested in R&D. Steve definitely preferred that. Not only did it make Tony happier, but it meant that he didn’t have to be on the other side of the world for extended periods of time.
Tony was acting all… flustered?
Tony’s face fell, and he slumped back in the seat of the car. “I’m gonna skin you, Barton,” he snapped, “maybe fucking lead with that next time, asshole, I thought something bad had happened.”
about how much worse this was going to get the longer they spent around Peter. How much it was going to hurt when they had to move on.
Tony looked at him in despair. “Steve—”
“Thor,” Steve began softly, but the other boy just shook his head and smiled sadly, looking down at the Earth where his muddy trainers sunk through the grass.
When the fucking pizza-delivery guy stepped forward to put his word in, Tony finally put his foot down, yelling loudly and slicing his hand through the air to silence them all.
“When you say words,” Steve said slowly, thinking of the way Natasha usually tended to use her ‘words’ with the people she didn’t get on with, “how violently phrased were they?”
“Not until this asshole’s left I won’t,” Bucky answered, and he heard Tony laughing behind him, empty and hollow.
He blinked. And then blinked again, because he hadn’t- well, he hadn’t drawn anyone in months. Hadn’t really drawn anything at all, for that matter. It was a terrible drawing, really; disproportionate and just stupid, but…
Steve didn’t even blush. Just grinned, jostling their shoulders together. “Shut it, Wilson.”
Steve frowned. “Tony- I wanted to apologize-“
This, Tony figured, was what Steve had been implying he would need to get warmed up for.
Tony Stark was nervous.
“I don’t need anything,” Steve growled viciously- too vicious, he knew, Clint didn’t deserve that, but he couldn’t help it. He felt too exposed- too long with Clint staring at him like that would only end up with Steve breaking under it, and then what would he do? “I don’t need you, I don’t need Bucky- and yes, I know you fucking called him, the spam of messages makes it obvious enough- I just need to be… alone. For a bit. I’m sorry, I just… I have to.”
Yeah, Tony could agree with that one. Him and Natasha were the best fit for this sort of thing, he knew that, but still- there were a hell of a lot of things he’d rather be doing. It wasn’t all bad though, he supposed—free coffee and donuts at the snack table, which was always a plus. Although not even they would be able to keep him in this place for much longer. He figured he could spare another hour before calling it a night. After that, he and Nat could just go to a restaurant, catch up, maybe see a bit of Geneva. Not a bad way to spend a day, really.
“Mute,” Tony said hurriedly, looking up before his computer could say anything else, “it’s… uh, he’s still in the early stages. Kinda buggy. You know. If you’re going to talk about
“Look,” Tony whispered, and Steve pulled himself from his own thoughts as the other boy nodded behind Steve, “the sun’s just starting to set.”
“I think we are just going to accept defeat on this one and go the fuck to sleep,” Sam said, and when Steve looked over, he saw that his friend had wrapped himself up in a blanket so tightly it looked like a genuine cocoon. “I have work in the morning, you bitches.”
“Much?”
to him?”
Clint whisper-yelled underneath them, but Tony could no longer see him, because Steve was sealing the hatch back again and looking at Tony. “He’s gone. We can’t help him. Now get shuffling, we have to make it to the next hatch before they do.”
“I’m sorry, did you just say… ‘retreat’? As in, the non-battlefield sort of retreat?”
Steve looked at them both. “Right,” he said slowly, wondering what happened now. Bucky; seemingly catching the same strain of thought as Steve, patted Tony on the shoulder and then shoved him forward a little so that he was stood in front of Steve.
Looking back with an eyebrow raised in question, he watched as Bucky glared menacingly one last time at the jacket, before sighing a little. “And…I guess the jacket isn’t so bad, really,” he muttered, before turning around quickly and marching into the living room.
little thing. Like, I swear I won’t do anything untoward with it. Nothing malicious. If I do, I give you permission to hit me and tell everyone my secrets. I promise.”
To be fair, it meant a lot that Tony was talking to him at all. Steve still couldn’t really believe that had happened.
“Just take me to the jello, Soldier,” Tony muttered, flipping Bruce the bird behind Steve’s back, “then we can go make a nest or whatever your hind brain wants to do next.”
Tony knew it the moment he stepped in the room- Steve always had a vibe he gave off when he got like that, and Tony could positively smell it on the man that morning.
“They have yet to find a name,” JARVIS told them all, “but since the first night in which Peter was left on the door of the tower, I have been monitoring the internet in an attempt to find a match with the partial facial scan I managed to get on her. This… appears to be an 89% match. She checked into a hotel five minutes away from the tower on the same night that the child was dropped here.”
Steve sighed in relief. Much as he loved his friends, he didn’t think he would have been able to handle loudness just then.
The beam dropped a little when he actually spotted his husband, stood with his arms out underneath the toddler that was hung precariously on the kitchen-lights.
Everyone rolled their eyes- something they did a lot and something Tony had never really minded until now. Everything was coming in through a different, inescapable light.
Bucky just grunted, uncrossing and then re-crossing his legs over Tony’s lap. “S’pose he’s not that bad, really,” he muttered eventually, and then propelled a peanut across the room when Steve just grinned, “shut up, punk.”
Bruce looked up. “You sure? I might just do some more checkups now that you’re a little more coherent, just to ch- oh, whoah, okay there lovebirds, I’m going, I’m going,” Bruce pulled a face and raised his hands, shielding himself from the two of them as Steve pulled Tony onto his chest so the other man was straddling him, their soft kisses turning very suddenly more dirty as they reached the ‘thank God you’re alive’ stage of their reunion. “Switch off the heart-rate monitor before the nurses think Steve’s having a heart attack, please.”
They both made their way out of the garage; Tony shutting the door and taking a minute to meticulously brush away every fleck of water and patch of mud from the upholstery on the car. Steve watched him work, looking almost manic as his nails scrabbled at the dirt his shoes had made and wiped the windows that had been blurred by his breath. “I’m pretty sure your dad isn’t going t-“
Tony. Tony was at the epicentre of the wave.
“That’s what you get for scaring us.” Her face softened as she looked at Steve, and she tilted her head. “Seems like you’re feeling a little more chirpy, Captain.”
Steve just sighed fondly, leaning his head back against the uncomfortable rest of his bus-seat. “That’s not how friendship works you know, Thor. It’s a two way street.”
corridor leasing out of the elevator. No one would be using it. Not at this time. And okay, maybe if they started smashing windows it might alert some suspicion, but it’d be fine. They could make it.
Tony just rolled his eyes, scooping up a handful of bubbles and then pushing it into Steve’s face, much to the man’s surprise. “It’s bathtime,” he informed him, “it would be tremendously hard for you to be ‘bad’ at it.”
“I do not need to wear this, it’s
Steve had thought they’d make it anyway.
"He isn't going to make it past age twenty," Natasha waved a hand, "don't worry about it. We've all accepted it."
Steve winced. “Yeah, sorry, I just… yeah.”
Tony’s stomach dropped in fear, and Steve took another step forward, slowly advancing with a shake of his head. “Oh really,” he said with a sneer, and Tony thought about calling the armour- but God, the armour was for
“Deep breaths, Bruce,” he said calmly, wincing at the sound of a plate hitting the floor. He glanced back at Steve, who was now helping Natasha try and pin the robot to the floor. “Don’t go Green.
scared of you, Steve, please, don’t… just come to bed, sleep it over, you’re tired—”
“We’re here,” Percy said carefully flying towards a pine tree while Peter followed.
”Yeah, I did actually. No one messes with my friends.” Percy replied by offering him a goofy smile before clearing his throat. ”Anyway we've got more important things to talk about”
Percy laughed and flopped over into his bed, ” Yes Peter, you're adorable how could I not?”
”Mr.Parker, ”
Peter muses about his relationship with Percy, and mentally tries to figure out what they are. Mantis is a little cutie that ships the teens much more than anyone should and Starlord just wants to know why no one loves Footloose.
More space drama with the gang
“Well, well, well, isn’t this interesting. Hello Perseus Jackson I see you’ve finally come to join the fight,”
”Hey! Spider! You really think i’d leave before we got to talk about the kiss?”
Strange smirked and allowed sarcasm to drip heavily into his voice,”Congratulations. You're a prophet,”
Peter shook his head and begun to dig in. Eventually a few other people joined them. Thankfully they were all people he recognized but he was beginning to feel overwhelmed. He started to shrink into himself but forced himself to keep up a calm facade. Percy quickly took notice and put a comforting hand on his knee, ”Hey, were gonna turn in for the night I think. See you guys later.”
Thanos moves towards him, he was bigger than any of them had imagined, “ I take it the Maw is dead. This day extracts a heavy toll. Still, he accomplished his mission.”
Peter reached his apartment just in time. Happy was just pulling up and stuck his head out the car window looking for him, ”Get in, kid.”
Percy and Peter give Camp Half-Blood a Thanos debriefing. And afterwards Peter and Annabeth have a heart to heart.
Peter mused.
”But I-”
His shouted we're so loud that he alerted the men in the other room. Both rushed out immediately ready to handle any threat but they were not prepared for what they came across.
Percy got a wistful smile on his face as Peter answered, ”His friend Grover! He eats only enchadilas and tin cans!”
”I uh- we actually go to school with each other.”
”Nico, ” was said in a way of greeting.
Tony Stark meets an interesting angsty teen, Stephen Strange wants to be done with this shit and Bruce Banner just needs a hug.
Peter haven’t realized he was missing the conversation until the seen seemed to shift- it was still Titan just, nicer. Alive. Fresh green lawns, architecture that scaled across the skyline, Annbeth would’ve loved it. There were people too. They seemed happy, it was a normal place, a happy planet, how had it turned to this hellscape?
Peter just raised an eyebrow and Percy sighed.”Listen, Percy, I trust you so if you tell me what's going on here I'll explain well” he gestures at his suit.
All of a sudden Peter was interrogating Percy about Annabeth’s Norse cousin. He couldn’t believe all of these myths were real what the actual hell is wrong with Earth. How are they still keeping this a secret? They started getting in a debate wondering if the Norse demigods and the people living in Valhalla had ever connected the dots between the Avengers, Loki’s invasion and the whole Asgard space thing. Starlord seemed mildly pissed off that Thor was getting praise he mumbled something about gods not being that powerful.
“Definitely....hey wouldn’t it be crazy if Harry Potter was real too?”
Percy seemed a bit uneasy with his role. He was told to head to Thanos’ main ship. Do a perimeter check, at least. He was in charge of figuring out what was where, how many aliens were on it, and if he had the chance to infiltrate, he was to do so. Peter wasn’t really fond of that, he fought Strange on it for at least 10 minutes, listing Percy’s attributes, why he’s useful in battle. But Strange simply gave him a grim look and said, “I’m aware of his power, but he’s the only one that can handle the ship on his own,”
-Recap of last chapter-
They stumbled across the dirty and rocky land. Percy and Peter walked closely together, Strange ahead of them and Tony walked aimlessly around away from the trio. It was eerily earthlike. But was as if there was a whole story there, but it had vanished before anyone was able to tell it.  It was peaceful. Or it was until some aliens showed up to join the party. All of a sudden Peter was in a choke hold, Percy was holding riptide under around an aliens throat, Ironman was stepping on a another’s chest with a gun pointed at his head it seemed like both sides were stuck.
Annabeth began leading Percy and Peter through camp. She had her arm slung around Percys shoulder and they ere laughing hysterically at some joke Peter hadn't understood. Eventually they came to a little house in the center of camp. Peter had some kids excitedly run up to him questioning him on his Spiderman adventures. Some others looked at him suspiciously from a distance. A guy with goat legs was standing there seemingly waiting for them next to a freckled red head and an older man in a wheelchair. The two younger people happily greeted Percy. The man simply nodded his head and gave him a kind smile, ”Rachel warned us that you'd be coming Percy.”
Percy sigh grumbling something about ‘Just looking out for you’ then grabbed Nico’s hand looking at Peter expectedly. Peter hesitantly did the same and they vanished into darkness.
~no endgame spoilers babes
Peter ended up sitting at Percy’s- well Poseidon’s table at dinner. Chiron tried to make him sit at the Hermès but Percy wasn’t having it. Peter awkwardly followed the line of people who were dumping parts of their food in the flame, when Peter asked why Percy mumbled, “Offerings to the gods. It's not enough that their omnipotent and all-powerful, they need to feel appreciated!”
Stark looked at the man, like he didn’t really want to know the answer but asked anyway, “How many did we win?”
“TELL ME! You! Is Footloose still the greatest movie of all time?”
The plan was simple, at least in doctor Stranges terms. He would distract, Stark would go in from the sky, the spider king would web him up, enough so each person could hold him down, then theyd pull off the gauntlet
That was until Peter fell in.
Peter felt his face heat up and he sunk into his chair. The last thing he expected was to have Percy turn around and defend him.
Starlord pushes down his mask and prepared his guns “Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off!”
Peter pulled Annabeth into a hug. He wasn't sure why but he felt compelled to make her feel better, ” I'm so sorry, ” and then he jumped back’ ” Holy shot you're a goddess. I'm sorry your...majesty... I didn't mean to disrespect you or anything-”
“I do. You're not the only one cursed with knowledge.”
(See the end of the chapter for
”Whats wrong with him?” Mr.Stark asked.
”Yes I have a crush on you.  I'm very much not straight. Specifically I'm bi but that's not the point...I can go-”
Peter and Percy in sync shouted, “ NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN HARRY POTTER!”
Percy finally was able to acknowledge that he was surrounded by everyone else who he had joined on Titan or mostly everyone.The alien lady- Mantis had dragged Peter away, and Dr.Strange seemed to be doing his weird floating meditating thing a few feet away.Percy weekly pushed himself up, supporting himself on a nearby stone. While his plan helped there was not enough water for him to be in any condition to do much more than hobble like a penguin.
A spaceship had landed in New York City.
Tony nodded, ”Everything seems to be in order he should wake up soon.” Peter let out a sigh of relief. Tony walked over and studied him, ” So what's your guys deal?”
Peter looked over at the blonde and noticed she seemed to radiate power. It was odd. She looked a bit younger than Percy now that Peter thought about it, which seemed a little strange since Percy had said they were the same age. Peter made another attempt at starting a conversation, ” So what is you and Percy deal?”
Things were going well until Quill flew over, “I thought you'd be harder to catch. For the record, this was my plan. Not so strong now, huh? Where is Gamora?”
Stranges lingering thoughts resulted in a miscalculation on where the next portal should be positioned and this time Thanos grabbed the young boy and flung him out towards an arch about 100 yards away.
Strange could understand why Stark was so protective of this kid, he was endearing. even though they had just met, he wanted to make sure things worked out-
"Gravity...increasing. Getting...squished!" He groaned, unable to sit up. "Gah, you are just too strong today, Petey. You've got me squished."
Steve nodded softly in understanding, starting to do as Tony instructed. He kept an eye on his feet to watch where he was stepping as they moved, only to have and hand under his chin to lift his face up.
"See,
He washed his hands before making his way downstairs, not surprised to see Peter watching cartoons.
Tony laughed at the clay Dummy and perched it on his chair, smiling the coupons and candies in the toe.
"Nat," Tony warned, trying to not have his face heat up.
"It's intriguing, Rogers, it is," Tony murmured, putting his cup down to swipe up his pipe, "Now, shall we go back to the daily crossword? Talk through the answers while I think about the case."
"It’s all set in motion! We'll have a baby before we know it." He said happily. "Now let’s go home to our current baby. I miss him."
Sharon laughed, leaning back in her chair, "Mister Stark-Rogers, I'll have you know that while it’s a generous offer, the fact that my child will be in good hands is enough for me. And, speaking of baby classes--"
"Oh yes you will. That's getting dry-cleaned and stuffed in the closet. Right in front." Tony grinned, nuzzling into Steve's side. "Love you, officer Rogers," he snickered.
"Why, you say the nicest things," He drawled in a fake southern accent, a grin on his lips.
Tony chuckled. "Well, I sure could manage it just got do some schematics... Oh! That's all at my house, though." He realized. "I can go get them and come back later tonight!".
"Daddy thinks you's pretty?" Peter giggled, "Wha's daddy's ta-tattoo?"
"Hush you," Tony chuckled, pushing a plate toward the boy, "Eat your veggies."
"Tony, just say what you want to say. It's all right, relax." the blond assured with a soft smile.
"God, I love you Tony." He breathed, nice and low. "Y'so good to me, sweetheart. Always so good."
"Love you, too..." He noised softly at the kisses, running hands down Tony's back gently. "But you've done so much for me. I could never hope to do as much for you."
"I love you, too. And you always make me feel like when we first met. Glad I could share the feeling." He whispered, kissing his cheek.
Tony felt the sweat bead on his forehead before it rolled down his cheek; he huffed and wiped it away, biting his lip to keep his moans from spilling out of his mouth. Wrapping his hand around his cock, Tony pumped himself while he rode Steve, bowed over his husband's body on a shaky arm.
Steve smiled, lightly knocking on the headboard. "It’s because he is wore out from the sick." He whispered back, leaning carefully over the boy to kiss Tony softly. "Better sleep while we can." He smiled softly.
"Oh, so now he's bambi? I'm offended. Passing off my pet name." Steve said with a grin, helping Peter out of the tub and handing him to Tony. "All right. You guys get all dry and clothed.
Steve's eyes flutter closed happily at the kisses.
It was Steve. He was not someone Tony wanted to talk to right now. Tony sped up his steps, but Steve kept tailing him.
"Damn straight.".
"I'm going to finish dinner and see the guests out, and I'll come back up--" He flushed faintly. "--clean the desk and do some paperwork while you sleep."
TW: none
"Nothin'." Tony shrugged innocently, starting to play with Steve's belt buckle.
He sniffled and tried to ignore the tears rolling down his face, opting to stare into his soup instead.
"Of course, love," Tony mumbled, picking up the washcloth. He gently scrubbed Steve down, kissing his forehead before letting the water drain. "Let's get you into some PJ's and we'll take a nap, okay baby?"
"We should try to get away, in a few months," He murmured, "Go to a cabin in the recluse. Just you and me."
"This could be your art studio. With the wraparound windows, y'know?" Tony suggested, "It'd be cute."
"S'okay, Sammy," he murmured, "We's almos' home."
"Y'feel so good, Stevie boy, so tight," he breathed, "Y'gonna have t'roll yer hips--"
"You can either talk to both of us, or you're going to stay in your room the rest of the night, young man," Tony replied, squeezing Steve's hand, "You unlock this door right
Tony lost it; he scrabbled for purchase on Steve's back, heavy sobs escaping his lips. He knew his phone was going off in his pocket, probably calls from Clint, Tasha, Bruce and the rest, but he couldn't handle it.
"Hey, that was a secret, squirt. Go put clothes on,
"We weren't going to decide on anything though until we knew if you were okay with it or not, though." Steve pointed out. "It’s a family decision, so your opinion has to be counted too, baby."
He wanted to rub the boy's back soothingly, but felt it wouldn't be right to just yet. "Daddy and I were just discussing something and it made us upset, but not to that point, sweetheart."
"Tony, I-- really?" He breathed, almost disbelievingly. "About...what specifically?" The blond murmured.
, Steve. I can't exactly burn them off, whaddya want me to do? Get scar treatment?"
"Sad, but true. We think our mailman set it up, but I thank him every day for it." Steve said as he sat back down to feed the baby. "It helped me find my someone to love and led us to have a wonderful family. And I couldn't be happier."
He nuzzled at Steve's neck, slowly wrapping his arms around Steve's waist.
"Alright, I'll get the movers, then," he laughed, pressing the speed dial on his phone.
"Mmm... That would be a sight to come home to." He hummed, hands trailing down to the dip of Tony's back.
"....I don't know how, but you need to put it away. Somewhere I can't get to it," he whispered, hands shaking, "I can't-- I can't know where it is, okay?"
"Its always in the snow. Absolutely freezing. During a memory when I still had the ARC reactor. I would find you in the middle of nowhere, but you were absolutely
"All right, all right munchkin." Steve chuckled, scarfing down the rest if his eggs and going to set his plate in the sink.
"Jazz hands," Tony muttered under his breath, making the tiny motions, "I mean, yeah, but I'm sore as hell. Tell them you literally fucked me over?" He grinned, placing sloppy kisses all over Steve's face.
"S'time f'brea'f'st," he informed them, pointing at the clock.
"I think that the tables have turned." Steve grinned, looking to Peter. "That seems like something I normally do to you and Daddy, huh Petey?"
Steve chuckled, kissing Tony's head. "Of course you can. I like seeing you in my hoodies, anyway--" he grinned, moving to their dresser to grab one. "Slip that on and we'll go watch the movie with Peter."
"All right, you got me. Caught me more by surprise, I'll admit." Steve managed to squeak out, clearing his throat after.
"They were about you, y'know?" Tony spoke softly, his voice slightly cracking as he spoke. Steve's ears twitched as he listened to what Tony had to say.
Peter gave a noncommittal noise to which Tony laughed again, shaking his head as he left to find his wallet and keys. Steve looked to his boys with a hum after Tony left, finger still being chewed and arm being tattooed.
Bucky got closer to Tony, pulse pounding as he felt infuriated and continued.
Steve petted at the boy's hair sweetly, smooching the top of his head. "And besides, if we had a baby, who else would get to teach it what being a big kid is all about, huh? They'll need a big brother to do that."
"We have a
He carefully moved Peter's penguin to buckle the boy up, handing it back to him before taking the driver seat.
"Ooooh, but that'd be
He texted back, finishing up and heading upstairs. The others were resting in the living room, so it wouldn't be much of a problem.
"You do so much, babe. Just being here is more than enough," Tony murmured, sitting back so Steve could sit up, "You're my
"That’s because the chewing makes it feel better." Steve explained, moving his finger carefully.
"Sowwy P-papa," he hiccupped, clutching his teddy to his chest.
"Hi bambi," Tony hummed, reaching over Steve to pour shampoo into his hand, going to lather Steve's hair, "Feelin' okay?"
Tony continued with the story, proud that he managed to get through it without crying, or choking up.
Tony shook his head fondly and got the shirt for him, pulling it over his head.
Steve peeked an eye open as he felt Tony shift, nose poking his chest. He nuzzled Tony's hair softly with a happy hum.
"Good," He whispered, nipping down Steve's thigh, "You get a much better angle this way, baby. Trust me."
He managed to get out from Steve's arm, yelping as he was yanked back.
Tony. The one he had met after he had been out of the ice, the one he had become smitten with as they fought for New York. The one he loved for so long.
"Caught me off guard, the extent of it all. Was rough." He murmured softly. "I enjoyed it. Jus' tired now. Wore out."
"You--you are such a sap, oh my
"Yea!"
He grabbed a tissue from the coffee table to gently soak up the blood that trickled down Peter's leg. Pressing the tissue to the cut, Tony leaned forward to smooch Peter's temple.
"Well, I get shy over the more sexual things." Steve explained softly. "But you know what I tell myself? I say 'Hey. It’s just Tony and I. That's all this matters to. If I feel shy about it, he won't mind. He'll help me past it.’ And I'll be the same with you on this front. I'll help you through it. Hey, if anything, think of it as just an outing with a friend just to have some fun. But with slightly more PDA." He chuckled softly. "Or not. It’s your call, hon."
"It’s all right. It’s a mess we can clean. Besides, you made it doing something sweet, so thank you both." Steve grinned, smooching them both again with a hum.
"Of course, baby..." He whispered, kissing Tony quick before heading to get the bandages. He cleaned up the wounds carefully and wrapped the bandages around Tony's wrists.
"Everything's set up," he murmured, "On Christmas, I'll put a big bow on the door with a tag to him on it."
"Nah--" Tony moved to sit up, immediately yowling in pain and laying back down on his stomach.
Tony nodded, relaxing back into Steve's chest.
"Dang, you eat a lot," Tony laughed, diving into his one piece, "Got enough for an army there." He moaned loudly at his food, "Oh my god, Steve, this is
Agent Carter gave Steve a shocked look.
That last statement prodded at Tony's patience, and then he proceeded to rant.
"I'm the one taking you out, so I should've paid." He smiled, raising a brow at the man. "Well, if you paid for dinner, then I'm paying for the movie."
"It’s okay, brotha. You'll get it. Jus' gotta keep tryin'." He said with a small smile. "You jus' get back up if ya fall."
He yawned, easily settling into comfortable sleep. Steve drifted soon after, content smile on his lips as he was enveloped in Tony's warmth.
"Tony, this place... God. It’s gorgeous." He said in awe, looking around slightly slack-jawed.
Tony grumbled, nipping Steve's nose lightly in recoil. He had to hold back his laughter at the stunned look on the blond's face.
He quickly changed the baby and put him into the outfit, setting Sammy on his hip once he was done. Tony hummed softly and bounced the baby as he walked back to his room, not surprised to see Steve putting the carrier on the floor.
He paused, then nodded.
Steve's face grew more angered and intimidating.
"I think I found the one you like, baby," Tony hummed, kissing the newer bloom of pink, "Hmm?"
Tony flicked through the history manually, jaw dropping slightly at the searches.
"DUM-E. D-U-M- hyphen E, in all caps. He's one of the robots that I built before MIT. He isn't too bright, but he's a sweetheart for lack of a better term.".
It took Peter another minute to stop sniffling before he could cuddle up to Steve, thumb in his mouth.
"And we
Peter clicked his tongue at them, climbing up into his booster seat so he could color.
"I'm sure that I will, Tony." Steve grinned over at the man as they drove. "You wouldn't have mentioned it to me if you didn't think I would like it. Besides, I'm not too hard to please when it comes to these things."
, since he didn't recognize the name. He took his mail inside and walked to deliver the other's mail, knocking on the apartment door casually.
let him stay like that, God forbid," Tony replied, trying to keep the protectiveness out of his voice, "Let him stay innocent."
"You had an
"Iron Man," Tony corrected, ripping his toast in half.
Tony stood and stretched, grabbing his keys and wallet before heading off to the mall.
“Thanks, Dodge,” Tony hummed, scritching behind Dodger’s ears.
tools, wouldja lookit that."
"I'm good," he squeaked, trying to wriggle out of Tony's lap.
Tony nearly choked on his sandwich, having to cough into his arm.
Tony smooched Peter's forehead, letting his lips rest against his skin, and for a moment, he knew everything was going to be okay, one way or another.
Peter gently opened the present, holding up the magazine-like object to Tony.
He laughed nervously, kissing the side of Steve's neck.
"I don't even know if I could, pipsqueak," Tony sighed, hand on his chin as he looked over at his worktable, "Maybe. I'd need Bruce to come over and help me synthesize some biomass for it, but it would take a while to perfect it."
. he thought, caressing Tony's cheek as they pulled away.
Steve looked up at Fury, a small huff in acknowledgement. Although the merman had many rough edges, he looked out for Steve like a father. He simply wanted what he thought was best for the youth.
"Jack the Ripper. London, middle 1600's," Tony said, tapping at his chin, "He dismembered his first ladies the same way Wade Wilson was: carefully. However, our perpetrator was either in a hurry, or quite a strong man, seeing how the arm was not completely taken off."
"...Daddy?" He murmured, slowly turning around on his bed to crawl up into Tony's lap.
Steve pulled Tony to him carefully, burying his face in the crook of his neck and choking back a frustrated sob.
"--and have gotten a PhD."
Steve took his standing as a sign that Tony didn't know where to sit. He started rustling papers around.
Tony nodded, bucking slightly in his sleep. He moaned quietly, tucking his head into Steve's neck. Steve continued to move his hand a little longer, soon working Tony's pants down just enough to make his cock free. He moved down slowly and took the tip into his mouth, suckling gently.
"This is
"You've got me there, but I am more of a tried-and-true superhero guy myself. My all-time favorite is Captain America.".
"Hmm... Let's have some fun, then." Steve hummed softly, prowling up in front of Tony.
Steve whimpered with each smack after that, actually starting to hurt a bit.
Peter made a 'bleh' noise, rubbing his nose.
Tony snored through the night, somehow getting on top of Steve's chest with his head turned to the side. Steve slept like a rock, body tired and lax. He didn't stir as they slept, just slipping in further as Tony's body warmth moved atop of him.
"I wouldn't have though. Promise. You're too handsome to throttle." Steve joked lightly. "He'd believe you though if you told him enough. He looks up to you so much."
"Otay," Peter whispered, hiding the bag behind his penguin.
"Ugh," Peter frowned, "Daddy let me feed the manta rays, though."
And with that, the engineer finally left.
"You're very welcome." Steve said warmly, scooping up another spoonful for him and feeding it to him. "How's your head feeling at the moment?"
"Hon..."  Tony sighed and nodded.
"Like bunnies, huh? Think we'd be able to manage?" He joked softly, shutting his eyes.
"You guys lied to me! I know you did!" Peter yelled, eyes starting to water.
"Well yeah. I'm just surprised he picks up on it so fast." The blond said, smoothing Peter's hair. "He might want to stick to just blowing kisses to Peter, though." He chuckled.
"Sorry, Pete." Steve whispered with a smile, watching the screen until he felt Peter's breathing even out with sleep.
"I know, baby. Was made to. Damn--" Steve grunted, resting his hands on Tony's hips as they adjusted.
"Sweet, you said, and yet you're playing with my ass," he said bluntly, trying to keep the grin off his face.
switch up roles," Tony laughed, kissing on Steve's collarbones, "Whatever you want, babe. Anything."
"Gross!" He shouted, startling them apart.
He watched as Steve put his books away, frowning as he curled up with his plushie.
"I know, I know..." Steve sighed, stopping his hands. "But I should still be able to love on you like this. It’s my right as a loving husband to do so if you wish me to."
"Hold on, squirt, lemme get you a napkin," Tony rolled his eyes and handed Peter his plate of sandwich squares, stuffing a napkin into his hand, "Don't make a mess."
. For him. Natasha's damn lucky, she's got two guys all for herself, oh god--"
? Yer breaking me, Stark." Bucky said dramatically, a smirk on his lips as he answered back softly as they headed to the workshop. "Of course I'd take him in. I told Steve my Christmas give to you two would be to take care of Peter whenever you feel the need to get at it. I don't mind as long as you all don't."
"I'll talk ta ya, Daddy. I don't wanna talk ta Steve!" Peter yelled back behind a sob, laying on his bed.
The boy continued to sniffle as they made it to the rooms, Steve sighing as he went off to grab Peter's teddy onesie from the boy's room.
"Well I'd hope they'd be controlled. I didn't mean you could outright beat me up, stupid," Tony laughed, kissing down his length, "Now
Tony petted his chest, biting his lip nervously. Steve moved to place small kisses onto Tony's neck and along his chin.
"Mind if I join in on this cuddle group over here?" He asked softly, inching towards the couch.
Tony felt the roll of arousal in his stomach at the pet name, walking around to the other side of the desk to get the paddle from the second drawer. "He can ogle all he likes, he's not breaking any rules," He replied, patting Steve's backside with the wood, "Where do you even manage to get away with it? The bathrooms, don't you? Locker rooms?" Tony pulled at the lacy elastic, humming at the sound of it snapping against Steve's skin.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's waist, letting a soft smile grace his lips.
"Gentle touches," Peter repeated slowly, hand wavering as he took Sammy's hand, "Geeentle touches."
"He was always big on family, believe it or not. But I'm surprised he's thinking about it." Steve answered back, resting his hands on Tony's hips.
"Yep, yes, yes sir--ma'am, what room? Okay-- 358-- okay, okay, thank you, thank you," he babbled, waving a hand at Steve, "When do you want us?
Steve's face held a calming seriousness. Tony looked back at him, a smile slowly twitching onto his own face. Before he realized he had reacted, Tony jumped up into Steve and gave him a tight hug. The blonde was shocked for a moment, but then smiled and hugged the brunette back.
"I dunno 'bout that," Tony giggled to himself, hiding his smirk.
Tony walked up from the basement, covered in grease from setting up his workshop. He looked between the three of them and sighed, shoulders slumping.
"Don't touch, hon, they had to put in stitches." He explained softly. "And you're hopped up on pain meds at the moment, so yeah. You should be relaxed. God, I'm so sorry Tony."
"Alright, your turn to get sketched."
"Steve, I would like you to meet the ever elusive Bruce in his natural habit!".
And if he checked himself out in the reflective oven door as he passed it, no one needed to know.
Well. Except maybe Steve, when he’d been just as grumpy and just as tired as Tony (because despite the whole ‘peak of physical human perfection’ thing, they guy sure did hate early mornings), with his adorable bedhead and sleepy face and involuntary smile as he’d leaned down to kiss Tony’s temple in greeting-
“It’s okay,” Steve began, but Tony waved him off quickly.
“Apparently the enhanced guys are wearing a different uniform to the others. We’re thinking they’re the hired help. But the rest of them… people are pretty sure it's AIM.”
They drove over to SHIELD in silence; Natasha simply staring straight ahead of her, face blank, mind clearly working over everything Steve had told her and processing every bit of information. Steve didn’t try and converse with her. There was nothing else to say. He’d told her, she’d agreed to come to SHIELD with him. The ball was in her park now.
Tony gave a whisper of a smile, eyes falling shut as he leaned against Thor’s side. Steve turned when a shadow was cast upon him and looked at Loki, arms folded and eyes averted as he grimaced. “For what it’s worth, you’ve got me too. Not that you
The car swung dangerously quickly around the bend, but Steve didn’t stop to think about telling Loki to slow up or be a little more careful. Instead, they remained in a terse sort of silence. Steve had never spoken to Loki properly before, but he didn’t have any extra emotion to expend on feeling awkward about it, so he simply stared straight ahead of him and thought of what he was going to find when they arrived.
“I know I’m safe,” Tony gritted, refusing to open his eyes, “I’m not a fucking pyscho, Steve, I’m
“Are you saying you could sleep at night, knowing that you could help turn this around?” He asked, simple and quiet. “Because I don’t think you could, Tony. I don’t think you could.”
“I’m leaving,” he said, chin jutting out defiantly as he forced his voice to stay steady and his mind to disregard all the doubts, “I told you I would if you hit me again. And you hit me again. So... yeah.”
“JARVIS, eject.” Steve’s voice was loud in Tony’s ears, jarring. His hands vanished, and Tony felt the constraints of the armour peel away from his back, his chest, his arms. Hands grabbed him, yanked him down the corridor. Someone was shouting ‘RUN’. It sounded like Natasha.
Tony patted him consolingly on the arm, falling into step with him as they both made their way down the corridor. Steve felt their arms brush every time they stepped forward. “I’m so sorry. That can’t have been fun. I was wondering whose hunk of scrap metal the car outside your house was. ‘Least now I know which one to avoid on the roads.”
or- or the colder version, the less familiar one. That Steve wasn’t really a fan of hugs. He liked to fuck, which is mostly what they’d been doing whenever they were in bed together these lately, which was okay, but admittedly somewhat exhausting. And recently he’d decided he liked it fast and hard and rough, and Tony was all for that, but again... Steve was strong. And Tony was waking up with more bruises than he could count these days. It was good, it was hot, but. You know. Tony missed the hugging, too. Steve would probably drop the phase soon anyway- he was a teddybear at heart, and he was the one who had actually got Tony to enjoy cuddles in the first place, so Tony knew that it wasn’t anything he’d have to think about in the long term.
, let alone these relative strangers. “I…”
“Are you having fun, Captain?”
His eyes lifted a little, unable to stop searching for that recognizable face amongst the hundreds. He knew Tony was in that day; his bike had been parked in its usual place in the parking lot- but so far he’d had no luck in locating the person who drove it. He was distracted a second later anyway, as someone to his left bumped him as they passed. He barely hid the hiss of pain as his aching rib let him know it wasn’t happy with the contact. Although it wasn’t a serious break and would probably stop aching so bad in a week or so, it was still going to be a dick to live with for the next few days of school.
He raised his hands in surrender, and then caught Bucky's eyes again just before hearing his best friend mutter a quick "yet," and then scramble to his feet quickly before Peggy could take a swipe at him. Steve just watched them both in amusement as she chased him around the living room for a second, and then tackled him to the floor as soon as she had him in her sights. He winced on Bucky's behalf- when Peggy went in, she didn't go in soft.
near-comatose.”
“If I may,” JARVIS interjected, his voice sombre, “your funds may not be sufficient enough to pay for both accommodation and necessities, and considering you have not finished your full-time education, finding work may prove difficult.”
Well. It was better than blood and dirt, he figured with a small, exhausted sigh.
Although, maybe that was the point. Maybe this was an olive branch. Tony’s own way of saying sorry. And Steve was too desperate not to take it. So he turned around and smiled, and then stuck out a hand. With an amused little smile of his own, Tony took it and shook. “I would really appreciate that, yeah,” he murmured earnestly, “but where would we even start?”
“Getting yelled at in math class,” Steve mumbled, dropping his head into his arms and rolling his eyes at the memory, “apparently doodling cartoons in the margins ‘isn’t an acceptable work standard’ or whatever.”
Tony and Steve had far better things to concentrate on, to be honest.
The whole year had been a really, really sucky year, he decided. And he also took back his previous statement- Manhattan was definitely bad. Horrible. The fucking worst.
Tony looked down at him, and then his knees gave out. He landed on the ground right in front of Steve. From the way his face looked so utterly desolate, Steve knew he’d already made up his mind.
They walked out of the doors in companionable silence; a faint smile still on Tony’s face. Steve was probably more pleased than he should have been that he helped put that there.
. This was what needed to be done.
Tony looked between the two of them, and then at Peter. It seemed they were more enthralled by the cartoon than the baby was. “I feel like this isn’t very healthy,” he told them, to which they still did not turn around, “how many episodes of this trash have you watched?”
Rhodey came back into his line of sight just then, carrying a green bag that was covered in a layer of dust. “First aid kit,” he declared, “there are some painkillers in here. Anyone got something he can wash it down with?”
She shoved him back, sending him falling into Clint’s waiting arms (damned psychic twins) and then shrugged. “I think he’s just waiting outside for Thor, actually, and as for the Bucky situation- I didn’t
Richards said nothing, mouth opening and shutting like a goldfish, caught between telling him the dangerous truth or trying to lie his way out of it. But Steve knew he was a good man. And he also knew that Reed would not be stupid enough to attempt the latter.
“I’m sure,” Tony told him firmly- and so Steve walked very slowly over to the little plastic chair a few feet away from the hospital bed, and he shrunk down into it, keeping his hands tucked firmly under his thighs. He looked at the floor, and Tony looked at him. He heard the other man open his mouth, try and say something undoubtedly casual and blasé, but then decide against it and shut it once more with a clack.
“We got incoming, Cap.” That was Hawkeye, and he sounded grim, “They’re about a minute from the research floor and storage facilities that we’ve arrived at with the rest of the SHIELD agents. Widow and I are setting up a blockade to try and slow ‘em down when they arrive at the basement levels, but these guys aren’t trained properly for this. They’ve only been through Basic. We’re gonna need you here, quick.”
He felt Steve approach slowly and then take a seat on Tony’s desk chair, fingers brushing over the files strewn there. The silence was unnerving, and Tony knew Steve wasn't doing it on purpose, he was only trying to think of something to say, but it set Tony's nerves on end anyway.
Steve could still hear the silence that had rung out in their room after that outburst. He hadn’t known quite what to say; frozen like ice to the spot as he’d stared numbly over to Tony, who’d gone still as well. His eyes were wide, shocked at his own words. They’d both agreed not to talk about…
Tony just smiled, squeezing their fingers together. “Are you sure you’re 16 and not like, 56 or something?”
“Aw, come on, he’s sleeping!” Tony whispered, poking Steve in the butt again. He watched Steve hold back a small laugh and bat Tony’s hand away, beginning to push him out of the room exasperatedly and without too much noise.
Steve huffed tiredly, knocking their shoulders together, and he heard Tony’s responding chuckle in the quiet of their elevator. If there was one thing they truly were excellent at, it was fighting and then making up quickly afterward. Practise, mostly. “Of course it is, dummy,” he mumbled in response, “seeing you falling out of buildings with no immediate aerial support is-”
Since his mom’s death, you see, Steve’s subconscious had a tendency of being a real bitch to him. Night terrors and bad dreams had plagued him a lot, during the first few months, leaving him sleepless and terrified of what he would see when he shut his eyes. They’d died down a little since then, but Steve still suffered from them from time to time.
Tony couldn’t do it. He just wanted this all to be over now. He wanted to have never got himself into this stupid situation in the first place.
For about five seconds, Steve simply stared at his name blankly, completely stumped. He’d been sat curled up in the library for hours and hours, trying to concentrate on the words that he’d been reading instead of the complete exhaustion that was begging him to just take a nap, let his body rest. Any thought of doing that was shoved out of his mind as he saw the contact appear on his screen, though- like the whole universe singled down to that one word, the image of Tony’s bedhead and sleepy smile popping up on the screen.
Rogers, or you’re going to be in detention for the next
Dammit, that had been his Mother’s ring.
(Who was he fucking kidding? Steve had been thinking about it for weeks, he’d said so himself, Tony was too fucking fragmented for Steve to stay with on a good conscience and now was the day that he was finally letting that out. Maybe Tony could have stretched it longer if he’d kept his mouth shut, maybe had another week, but it had been inevitable. Hell, even if none of this had happened in the first place, there had probably always been a cut-off point. A time when Steve finally gave up trying to fix all of Tony’s broken fucking parts and let him go. This was just what happened. This was life. This was Steve trying to salvage whatever scraps he could before the whole ship sank, and who was Tony to blame him for that?)
He pulled out the shaving kit from the bathroom and got to work, carefully scraping off the beard he’d kept for the past few years. It felt strange to have a bare face now, but he preferred it that way. Looked and felt a little more like himself. He raised an eyebrow at his reflection and then sighed. It was a long time since he’d given himself a proper look in the mirror. He could see the tiredness on his own face, deep and heavy. It sat under his eyes, pooled around his brow. He looked old.
“Captain,” JARVIS began, sounding concerned, “why are you asking me to lie to your friends?”
“I’m afraid Sir and I come as a package deal, Mr Rogers,” the AI replied rather snippily, and Steve chuckled a little as he shuffled the papers in his hands and straightened them up, “which, may I also add, means that I too, would be rather offended on his behalf if something- or perhaps I should say some
“Steve?” He blinked and shoved everything back, in favour of focusing on the matter at hand. Tony was looking at him. He expected an answer. Wanted Steve to say he trusted Tony. Which he didn’t. Because Tony was Iron Man.
“Seek therapy?”
Steve just looked at him blankly. “I don’t think I’m gonna be getting much sleep tonight, whether I’m in a bed or not,” he told Thor, before adding on, “I can see you’re tired though. You go to sleep, buddy. I’ll wake you if I need anything.”
This wasn’t looking good, and Tony had barely ever seen Steve this… skittish, before. It was freaking him out a bit.
-“Tony?” Steve called again, voice growing more concerned, “Tony, please let me in.”
then proceeded to ignore him for what Tony had declared ‘the rest of the night’ but was actually ‘until I got bored waiting’- which turned out to be four minutes.
“You saw me less than an hour ago.”
to do with this, Rumlow.”
Four days, three hours and 17 minutes ago, they’d been out on a date, and Tony had been playing footsie with Steve under the table, and Steve had told him with a laugh to quit it, and they’d talked about the fact that Doctor Strange had nearly gotten his ass kicked by a magical warlock kid in their last battle, and then Steve had taken them both home and they’d made love.
She huffed at that, running her hand through his hair one last time before dropping it and then walking away. “You better, young man,” she said fondly, “now I’m going to go get Paul from work- Sam, wash up the dishes when you’re done- I’ll see you in a bit.”
looking after him,” Clint blurted, shooting Steve a smug look.
, I can’t, I shouldn’t have, I’m-”
They’d disabled JARVIS. Tony was going to guess at a blanket EMP, which would only work for a few minutes before JARVIS’ systems rebooted, but even then, it would only be basic functions that came online. He wouldn’t be able to establish communication with anyone for another twenty minutes or so.
“Shush,” Steve told him, as if that were some sort of answer, “it’s my turn to fix you up now. You just-“
“Tony doesn’t
He trailed off, ducking his head lower to kiss bitingly against Steve’s throat, laced with the sting of teeth that sent shivers running down his spine. He leaned his head back and tried to think of something to say-
Tony side-eyed him over his cigarette, and then pointedly stubbed it out against the chimney. “Ha ha,” he said sarcastically, before pouting, “and thank you for making me waste an entire goddamn cigarette, by the way.”
He sighed miserably. “Hurts,” he heard himself whimper, and some part of him was a little mortified to admit that, but the bigger part just wanted it all to stop.
. Wants to bang his head against the wall until he stops being so fucked up, because no one wants someone who can’t even say I love you, for fucks sake-
He hadn’t had a choice. Tony had been in the depths of an episode that not even Steve could pull him out of, not this time, because it was his fault. And if it had just been them in that bunker, if Bucky’s life hadn’t been on the line too, then Steve wouldn’t even have bothered to fight back. He knew he deserved it. But Bucky
He’d always loved the stars- even after the portal and the nuke and everything- Steve still saw that little smile play on his face when he talked about space. It was… comforting, in a way. That Tony could still love the stars, even after nearly being left to die amongst them. Made Steve feel like their jobs might not ruin everything. That something good might persevere through the nightmares.
Steve kissed him again, and again and again and again, simply because he could and he never wanted to stop. “You’ve already done so much,” he promised with a sharp nod, “so much, Tony, I don’t want anything else-“
He took a second to get himself in check and look over the facts. It was currently 3:32 in the morning, which meant this was now top priority. They were no longer working in theoreticals, and had solid evidence to believe that… that this was the case. That it was Tony. And, hell, Steve knew that if anyone had the mind and engineering ability to create a suit like that, it was probably him. Tony was a bona fide genius.
Tony paused for a moment, eyes drinking in Steve and his tired face, his wet hair, his badly-fitted clothes. Then he rubbed a sleeved hand over his eye and yawned, the other set of fingers curling softly around the collar of Steve’s jacket. “C’mere, baby,” he muttered, still half-asleep.
He was there, on the sidewalk where it had all gone down, and he saw Tony three feet away. Tony hadn’t spotted him, his eyes still fixed on Past-Steve’s back as he hailed down a cab to drive him back to the tower. Across the street, Redford was already aiming his gun.
“You know he’s never going to get it right, right?” Tony asked, turning around from where he was crouched and watching Steve try and cheer DUM-E on as he cut into the bread. “His code just doesn’t allow for anything other than failure.”
“Fuck,” Steve swore, blindly trying to to undo the buckles around his chin as the helmet covered his eyes. This was the most embarrassing thing in the whole world, and Steve was never going to leave his room ever again-
The streets were empty, and Steve made his way through them hurriedly, mind wandering as he went. He’d never really been in this part of town before- in fact, most of Manhattan was still foreign to him. Brooklyn, he knew like the back of his hand, but Manhattan? Like another world. He’d never really been travelling that much- mom never had the money or time to take him anywhere, and Steve hadn’t ever felt particularly inclined to go. Yeah, he’d thought about going abroad when he was older, but everyone did. It was a pipe dream for him, really- he’d never have the money to afford that in reality. Perhaps if he got rich, he’d move around some more. See the sights. He’d always wanted to visit the Grand Canyon. But until he could afford the gas to get there and back, it seemed he was stuck in New York.
He wasn’t sure how much time passed before Tony stirred. He was usually restless in his sleep, moreso now than ever, but Steve was so caught up in his own head he didn’t really register Tony was awake until he heard the tentative “Steve?” Get whispered into the room. He blinked, turning away from the wall he was boring holes into, and tried to smile.
The video cut off, and Tony shut his eyes tightly, taking a few steadying breaths. He made the decision right there and then that he was going to torch that entire fucking facility to the ground. How sick… how
“Not from Steve.”
“I know,” Pops paused, hand finding Dad’s and winding their fingers together, “I love you.”
For now though, she was gone, and Tony was probably going to have to find some way to pass the time for the next few hours, because the team were undoubtedly busy with—
“It’s both. DC sucks and you not being here sucks,” Tony informed him with an accusatory finger, finally walking out of the bathroom and then flopping onto the bed dramatically, right across Steve’s chest. The air left his lungs in a rush and he wheezed, sighing when Tony got his damp hair all over Steve’s neck. “You shouldn’t be allowed to leave this bed. Hey—how do you feel about becoming a kept man?”
Brilliant.
“…Did you steal this from a homeless person?”
They end up in Steve’s room, and Tony is just about to start thinking up inappropriate comments to make when Steve pulls up Tony’s hands and places an old-looking organiser in it, making his fingers close delicately around the spine. It’s an obvious invitation to read, so Tony does, because otherwise he’d just keep looking at Steve all night and, satisfying as that may be, he’d probably just get punched.
He tensed up in bed once more and pulled his eyes open immediately, cursing inwardly. The nightmares had been abating, recently- but it was never perfect, and Steve was always preparing for another downward spiral. They came and went, just as everything else did. It just seemed tonight was one of those nights where they came and then lingered, however.
Bucky threw his hands in the air. “Steve, I hate to break it to you pal, but you’re a fuckin’ mess right now!” He yelled angrily. “You are vulnerable, whether you like it or not. You don’t have people looking out for you and then Stark’s coming along, makin’ you think he’s all that- and you saw him get on that bike after taking a massive drink of whatever the fuck- he’s not fucking safe and he’s not fucking good for you!”
So here he was. Alone in their bed, looking at the ceiling and thinking over everything that had happened.
“Sir,” JARVIS spoke up, voice soft, “you have not taken a breath in over twenty seconds now.”
He padded through the room, hand going for the door. In the darkness, however, he ended up stubbing his toe on something strewn across the floor, and he bit back a curse when the pain spiked through his foot. He glanced down, and when he saw that it was one of Peter’s building blocks under his feet, that made him irrationally angrier. “For Christ’s sake,” he muttered, bending down and picking it up, along with a few of the other toys that were laid alongside it. He walked over to the corner and then stuffed them into the cupboard there, and seeing as he had started, he went around the room and picked everything else up too. They’d been so focused on Peter lately that they’d pretty much let everything else go to shit, and it couldn’t really carry on. They had other responsibilities. Global safety was a big one, but keeping the tower tidy was still important, and now he was thinking about it, this sort of stuff wasn’t just in their room. It was in the corridors, the halls, everywhere. Pepper was gonna blow a gasket when she came back from Vienna—
“How do you feel?” She asked quietly, looking down at him with her big brown eyes and tucking a little strand of hair behind his ear.
in the Middle East- wasn’t the man that Steve loved. And if Tony really was Iron Man, then he clearly hadn’t been that man in a long time. Maybe even before Steve had left him. “You want me to try and use my connection with him to get some intel.”
Steve huffed, rolling his eyes and letting his head drop against the back of the couch. “Funny, that’s what Peggy said.”
But then sometimes he’d see Tony on the news when he was passing through the living room, or he’d have to wait around the corner for the paparazzi to leave Tony alone before he was able to see him, and suddenly the reality would hit home a little.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly, but eventually he walked forward and then reached out his own hand until their fingers joined together. With a surprising amount of force for someone so exhausted, Tony pulled him into his arms and then curled around him, burying his nose into Steve’s neck. He felt as those long eyelashes fluttered closed against his jaw, and Steve knew that it wasn’t going to be long until Tony was clocked out again.
Steve smiled at him, and Tony smiled back. Then Steve kissed him, so Tony kissed back too. He tasted like mint toothpaste. “Thank you,” Steve repeated when he broke away, giving Tony that earnest look of his once more, “I… You don’t know how much it means to me that you care so much.”
And then there was Steve, looking like a drowned, beaten rat.
…Or maybe not.
impossible. Literally. We are talking probabilities so
“Good people can do bad things,” he started slowly, hands coming forward to rest on his knees, “but it doesn’t make them bad people. However, you’ve got to remember-- good people can turn into bad people, sometimes. Or they can just... maybe it can just be you that they start to treat badly, or someone else, or a group of people. And even.. even if you knew them when they were good, and you still think they
, Tony.”
He just… found the man beautiful, that was all.
Steve smiled, something falling back into place within him at the words, like coming back home after a long mission. He stood straight and took a step back, before pausing and swooping down again, placing a delicate kiss against Tony’s mouth, nervous and quick and pulling away before he could second-guess himself. “Just for Good luck,” he explained, and then hightailed it out of the room, feeling something strangely close to happiness settle in his gut.
he whispered adamantly.
“Outside?” Bucky gestured to the door, and Tony looked even more suspicious at that, but Bucky just huffed in amusement, “thin walls, dude- how do you think I managed to pick my moment so gracefully? I’d rather people didn’t eavesdrop in on this, though.”
“Whoever is poking my ass, I am touched at your interest, but really not looking for anything like that right now,” Clint declared suddenly, right in the middle of a particularly tense moment of Oceans Eleven.
“I won’t be responsible for killing you, Steve,” Tony told him, so small and fragile as he wiped a hand across his face and scooped up the tears, “I couldn’t live with that.”
So Steve was fine just watching, and drawing, and sharing smiles through the huge french windows.
“I’ll check the cabinet,” Thor said, scrambling up to his feet and then rushing off to the bathroom. Steve took a long breath of air, searching his fuzzy mind for something to do. He landed on cleaning up as the first port of call. They needed to see what they were working with. “You just stay put, okay?” He murmured to Tony, who smiled tiredly at him in response. Steve sniffled and wiped his nose, before realising that he was going to need to sterilise his hands first. God, he needed to set his head on straight. He’d done this sort of thing before. It wasn’t like he’d never seen blood before, and hell, his mother had been a nurse. She’d taught him exactly how to go about things like this. So why the fuck was he acting so torn up about this?
“He’s right, Steve,” Rhodey told him gently. His voice sounded sad, weary. “I know the feeling. But you can’t carry the weight of all his problems on your back. You just have to… try and help him. Look, do you want me to go over there-“
Steve shrugged, eyeing the bit of brownie swaying around in Tony’s hand. “Only if it’s you,” he commented, grabbing Tony’s wrist and then stilling the spoon. Tony just rolled his eyes as the other man manoeuvred it in his direction, and didn’t even fight when Steve popped it into his own mouth instead. “Not so great when Norma the nonagenarian is doing it at a fundraiser for sick kids.”
Damn fucking right it had. Tony laughed, and metal coin begin to warm up under his clammy hand. “It’s all still going to be there when I wake up. The work and—and the want, and the fucking… everything.”
It barely even registered.
Tony sagged in complete, overwhelming relief, watching with a heavy exhale as Steve’s eyes blinked open blearily, a deep frown forming on his face. Exhaustion clutched at Tony’s battered body, suddenly feeling a wave of light-headedness as he crumbled where he sat, falling clumsily onto Steve’s stomach. His heart hurt. But Steve was okay. Steve was breathing. People were coming. He wasn’t dead.
He clenched his jaw and took another swig, before JARVIS announced that the team had successfully managed to contain the situation and were headed back on the jet. Tony pushed all the stupid self-deprecating shit from his mind and focused instead on his team, the ones who had just been in a fight with a bunch of psycho criminals. He was being fucking ridiculous.
“Sarò pure egoista, ma farei di tutto per stare con te per sempre,” Tony murmured, before his hand disappeared from Steve’s face. He blinked his eyes open a second after, then watched Tony’s lips curl into a smile as they looked at one another. “Good morning, Steve Rogers.”
, it’s my fault- it’s my own fucking fault-“
you were a smoker, secretly.”
“I can’t imagine what you’re going through,” is what Reed said in the end, so very quiet, “I… I just can’t. Tony was a friend. I’m devastated, compared to you, I barely even knew him.”
Tony looked down at him, and then turned back to Bucky. “Five minutes. Then you can come back and mother hen the both of us to your heart’s content,” he told him.
“Thanks,” he choked out in the end, looking down at his damp trainers and fiddling with his hands. He could sense Thor smiling at him, but he didn’t say anything else after that and left the silence to grow around them comfortably. Thor eventually had to get off a few stops before Steve, and he patted Steve on the back firmly as he stood and began to leave.
“I’ll be even more reclusive than I used to be, probably. The suits need constant upgrades.”
, just don’t tell them I’ve gone. I know they’ll come after me. I can’t… I need to think.”
“But have you tried them?”
“What’d he say?”
the way that guy looks at you? Jesus Christ, Steve, you could spit on him and he’d probably try and bottle it.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile fondly- Tony must have been pretty tired to be this far gone. “Do I want to know why you decided to change the world of physics forever whilst sat in your underwear in the middle of our bedroom, using-” he turned a little, holding the door as it suddenly collapsed,
He didn’t feel real.
Steve smiled, and he kissed Tony’s nose fondly. “well that’s good to hear,” he responded, “cause otherwise me sat in your bathroom stroking your hair would be a little weird.”
Everyone groaned again, harder that time. Wrecking Crew were the fucking
Paul nodded. The smile on his face let Steve know he didn’t believe it for a second, but had decided not to push. “Well, if ever you need anything-“
He walked into a large room, in which a handful of kids were sat on various chairs, sideboards and even one on the floor. The little Parker kid was the first person he saw; in the middle of making some weird glue stuff out of a bunch of chemicals he probably shouldn’t have been touching. Behind him there was a girl with auburn hair and large glasses- the face brought a name to mind, maybe a Joan or Jane or something. She was laughing with Bruce, both of them leaning in and whispering with one another as they stared at-
“Shirt,” Tony prompted when Steve did nothing, small smile dancing around his mouth, “I’m gonna need to actually see the injuries before I do anything with them.”
Tony tried to glare at them, but his vision was too fuzzy and his head too heavy to hold up. He groaned, biting down on his lip when a fresh wave of agony rolled through him. This was fucking
“Uh,” he said as she pushed him into a chair and then sat next to him, an expectant smile on her face, “uh, hi- do you… what is it exactly that you-“
She dropped her hand.
you! Why the fuck would you just- why the fuck would you even throw that away for
So he clicked on the first file and sat back to watch.
With a fond smile he gently snaked his arm around Tony’s waist, rolling him over onto his back. Tony frowned at the jostling. “Mmmf.”
He sat on his desk-chair with a heavy thump and opened up all his research. He might as well get some of this shit done, after all. He’d been sidelining it a little recently, put-off by the lack of evidence available. But he just had to try harder. There was a guy operating on the Southeast coast who, according to Clint’s intel, liked to rent out his labs and science equipment to anyone who’d pay him enough, and seeing as the guy had been sipping Pina Coladas in the Bahamas for the past four months, Tony was going to assume someone had been funnelling the money for that particular expenditure into his account.
He woke up at seven.
It was a rock and a hard place. Steve knew his situation was dire either way though, and he couldn’t afford to do any more damage to Tony. Steve could take some emotional stress. Tony couldn’t. Not right now.
With no other words left to say, Tony felt himself finally drift, the 679
Peter didn’t want to have two homes, he didn’t want Dad to marry someone else or Pops to have different kids-
Rhodey didn’t bother wasting another second. He leaned in, and Tony practically fell into the hug that Rhodey offered him. It was gentle, but the other boy’s eyes were clenched tight shut and his lips pursed as he wound his arms around Tony’s delicate frame. Steve could see the pain in his actions—how much this hurt him to see. Rhodey had been with him through everything; MIT, the death of his mom, the whole collapse that had happened after. Their friendship was one that had seen a hell of a lot of ups and downs, and it was clear from the way Tony seemed to just melt into the other boy that this was an unwavering trust he felt. This was the one person where he truly allowed himself to feel it all.
“I do not think about making out with him in the… you should- I- shut up,” he snapped, folding his arms and then promptly burying his head into them whilst his friends just wolf whistled and cheered around him.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Tony whispered, voice teetering mortifyingly close to hysterical, “I don’t—I’m not even fucking… I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry, God, this is embarrassing, you should just. You should go, go back downstairs, I’m fine, just having a moment-“
Eventually, the boy’s eyes slid away, and he took a seat right at the back of the room. He didn’t look over to Steve again, and after a while Steve just shook his head and turned back around, hands clenched around the edge of the desk.
He sat them both down on their bed gently, flicking on the TV and turning to one of the mundane children’s channels that he now had installed into it. Peter was starting to flag as bedtime approached, but he took the bottle when Tony directed it toward him, his hands coming up to clasp clumsily around the perimeter of the bottle. Tony gently let go to see whether Peter could do it on his own, and after a few attempts at hitting his mouth, the kid effectively managed to grip and drink without much help from Tony at all. The words of Lewinsky and Clint came back to him vaguely:
Maybe he was dying.
“-I went and sorted them out. It was pretty cool-  even got to try out some of the moves we were practicing at the gym, Nat.”
Heads perked up at the prospect of gifts, all their grins widening. “Oooooooh, gimme gimme gimme,” Clint said as he hopped off the counter and scurried over to him, hands outstretched. “Are they fresh arrows I see?”
,” She said through her teeth as she fell into step with him, wandering down the corridor together, “that was quite possibly the most brutal and effective power move I’ve ever seen. Look at him-“ she jerked her head back to Tony, who had
“What about tag?”
. Knew exactly what Tony would like, knew where to put his hands, how to keep things interesting. He didn’t do things for himself, he did them so Tony would enjoy it too. And, if he was being shallow about it, Steve was simply so achingly fucking
and then burn this whole organisation to the ground. He’s got
At home, it was warm. JARVIS always kept the temperatures in the tower above what was normal, but in winter they got knocked up a few more degrees and turned the penthouse floor into a veritable oven. Most of the team complained that it was far too hot. But Steve liked it. Steve said it was easier to sleep when he was warm; that the cold had always gotten into his bones and stiffened him, made him feel like a living corpse. So Tony kept it warm. And at home there was food, too. A nice warm bath. There was mistletoe hung up in strategic locations so that, according to Tony’s calculations, there was a 94% likelihood of him being able to catch Steve right underneath at least one of them at some point.
He stopped talking when Steve shoved him into the lockers, which was ultimately what he had been aiming for. The look on his face, in fact, would have amused Steve at any other moment. Wide eyes, a dropped jaw- the guy looked like he’d been smacked across the face with a wet towel.
Tony was being dragged away now, and he could taste the disgusting water as it choked on the back of his throat- but now it was something else too- someone else was there, there was… someone was
Tony shrugged helplessly, shuffling the tiny thing around a fraction. "Someone left him at the door ten minutes ago," Tony said, keeping his voice quiet. He knew what babies sounded like when they screamed. He did not want that right now. "I tried to trace them, but they didn't pass any of my cameras. They just... dumped him and left."
Steve shrugged. “No worries. You can just pamper me today instead, yeah?”
Steve sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. “You’re not getting what I’m trying to say here,” he muttered, pursing his lips before taking a deep breath and straightening his back like he was preparing for war. When he looked at Tony, though, his eyes were sure. Resolute. “I’m in love with you,” he said simply, “and I have been for a long time.”
“Nope.”
That, at the very least, got Tony to look up at him. His eyes were shiny and his lips pursed, like he was trying to hold back tears. “Why
He tilted his head up, fingers curling around Tony’s jaw, and then after a beat of stillness, he leaned in and slotted their mouths together. It was messy, awkward for a second until Tony slanted his head and then—then it was just like nothing was wrong any more. Like everything else had melted away, and there was just Tony. Kissing him, holding him like he had before it had all fallen apart. The butterflies exploded through his chest, beat at his ribcage. He felt his hands move of their own volition, desperate to try and relearn every inch of the man's body, and up against him, Tony shuddered into his touch.
Tony paused, but then his head jerked up and he practically beamed. “Really?” He asked, beginning to bounce on his toes.
His face dropped like a stone. The hand on Tony’s back snapped away like he was burning and he opened his mouth quickly, eyes wide, a little bit horrified, like a rabbit caught in the biggest brightest headlight you could think of.
A tuft of blond hair shortly followed by the rest of Steve’s head popped up from behind the couch. “Huh?” He asked, “So Clint wasn’t lying?”
“We’re not buddies,” Steve said viciously, raising his fists and then wiping his bloody nose with his sleeve. In front of him, Tony just looked vaguely amused. “If you want to try it as well, go the fuck ahead,” Steve growled, “I’ll fight all three of ya, I don’t care-”
He paused. Shrugged. “Well, kids do grow up very fast. Anyway, you’re still hungover from last night, so you’ll probably only throw up. I don’t wanna be the one responsible for that m-“
than a genius. His brain worked at speeds Formula One cars couldn’t hope to reach, and that had been what had caught Steve’s eye, right from the very beginning. He’d always loved the smartasses. That was what Peggy had always said anyway, starting all the way back when they’d been kids in highschool and Steve had been crushing on Eric Challis, the boy sat in front of him in math who’d always gotten straight A’s in his tests.
wonder who woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning, huh-”
God, what had Steve been thinking, trying to get near Tony Stark? Maybe this was just what everyone had been saying- what he was really like. Tony had said it himself- maybe Steve should have listened.
For a brief second, he found himself glancing up. Past the ceiling, past the sky that separated them.
?” Ah. See. He knew it. “Look at where you are right now. Look at what you did for me.” Tony lurched forward again, getting a second wind of bravery as he settled his fingers over Steve’s and wrapped around them, his smaller hands so warm and familiar and lovely against Steve’s own. He was close enough that Steve could smell the scent of his cologne. “You were just as brainwashed as the rest of your colleagues at SHIELD—the good ones, at least. They’ve been feeding you and the public lies for years now, not just about me, but about everything. And you breaking me out of there, risking your life to help me… it didn’t just save my ass, but it probably gave the modern world as we know it a fighting chance at keeping its freedom. So yes, Steve. I want this. Because you’re not just a good man, but you’re brave to the point of ridiculousness, and you’re kind, and wonderful, and—”
He blinked. “Yeah. Yeah, I just… tired. Think I’m gonna head up, actually.” He paused for a moment, before turning jerkily on his foot and wandering toward the elevator, his good mood having evaporated and left only bitterness in its wake. “Give Peter over to Thor. It’s his turn to take him for the night.”
But then, neither did Thanos.
“So,” Clint said, and Steve turned, looking back at his friend and then immediately becoming wary when he saw the cheeky spark in his eye, “now you’re back with us, do I get to ask what your deal is with a certain Tony Stark?”
Steve doesn’t even hesitate before he’s crawling into his bed with Tony, arms pulling Tony in closer until his face is buried in Steve’s shoulder and his arms are tucked up against his chest.
Steve didn’t even think about it. “Of course,” he said with a frown.
There were some snorts from the group of people, and Ty rolled his eyes, stepping forward to pat Thor on the shoulder fondly. Steve wondered if he caught the look of disdain cross Thor’s face as he did so. “Oh God, you need to relax about the smoking thing. Your brother was telling me all about what a nag you were just this morning. Honestly, I think a cigarette now and then would be good for you, buddy.”
That was Tony’s voice.
Steve looked up. “Hm?”
“I’m not going to go and jump off a god damn bridge,” Steve growled, and his fist bent the doorknob as it curled tighter and tighter, “I need fresh air, and I need— I need to be alone.
Steve gritted his teeth and glared in frustration at his friend. He was right and Steve knew it.  But that didn’t make him feel any better about himself. God, what kind of boyfriend just fucking abandoned their partner when they were in a situation like that? What had he been
“What?” Steve asked bewilderedly, “but—but you were in a wall! How are you—”
Sam frowned, and Steve saw his lips moving as he mouthed the words back at him, trying to process it. “So you didn’t sleep with him?”
“He’s stable,” Natasha was sat rigid on her chair, clothes wrinkled uncharacteristically like she’d not stopped to change for a while. How long had Steve been out
“Stop it,” Bucky muttered as he pulled out the frozen peas from the bottom of the freezer and then tossed it onto the side.
“You ever made any friends that
He got comfortable on the floor next to Tony and waited for sunrise.
He jumped, pulling himself from his own thoughts and looking into Tony’s curious eyes. There were still flecks of blood behind his ear from where he’d missed while he’d had a shower. Steve looked back down to his sketchbook and thumbed the rough lines of his drawing, teeth worrying at his lip.
“I wouldn’t care if you’d used to sleep with three people every night and the entire school had told me as much,” Steve mumbled into his mouth, feeling Tony wind his arms around Steve’s waist and tug him even closer.
There were so many things that needed to be done. Families who needed to be reunited. Streets that had to be cleaned and announcements that had to be made. But people were too busy celebrating, and honestly, none of the Avengers were inclined to stop them. Humanity deserved their happiness. They deserved to sing and dance on the streets, hugging the friends and family that they’d thought were gone for good.
Tony just nodded calmly. He didn’t say anything else, just squeezed Steve’s hand a bit and then looked back out toward the sea. Feeling like he could barely even breathe any more, Steve dialed his answering machine and then slid the phone up to his ear.
Tony nodded, leaning his head down into Steve’s shoulder, and Steve turned his head down into Tony’s curls, shutting his eyes. “I love you,” he whispered.
“I know,” Thor said from behind his back, voice deep and concerned, “it’s you I’m worried about.”
He watched as Steve’s gaze turned to him, face creasing into a look of mild disdain. “What’s wrong with this?” He responded with, throwing a pale hand over to the TV which was currently in the process of loading up the episode of Grey’s Anatomy. Steve was obsessed with that show. In fact, Tony was pretty sure Steve would trade his relationship with Tony for that show.
Tony thought about it a lot, sure- but he’d never be able to get over how beautiful Steve always managed to look. Effortless, yet constant.
People like Steve didn’t belong mixed up in that.
“I’m not- I’m not ‘going for him’,” Steve rolled his eyes and tried not to blush. Bucky wasn’t wrong- getting caught up in something like that would be like walking out into a hurricane- “I was just interested. And now I know, see? The cat is satisfied, and is not going to dig any further.”
“I was really worried, dammit,” Steve said quickly, walking further forward, “and you didn’t answer my texts after driving off like that and-“
The face he got in response was almost amusing. “You stepped on my cigarette.”
Tony nodded his agreement, and then spun on his heel. “ I’m sure the staff keep some spare clothes here somewhere, if I can just remember where they keep them-”
“Okay, Steve forgives you, you forgive Steve, both of you are best buddies again, blah blah- now how the fuck do you do question number four? I got like, halfway there before bursting into tears-“ Sam talked rapidly to Tony, who just blinked a few times in surprise and then looked over to Steve again, face open and questioning.
Slowly, his eyes fluttered shut, and his breathing levelled with Tony’s.
“Tony- it’s the guy Steve’s been spending an awful lot of time with lately,” Darcy informed helpfully, shooting a sly smile over to Steve and nudging his elbow.
“I’ll leave you to it,” Tony patted him on the chest and then wandered into the kitchen at the same time Steve began to try and fend off whatever attack Thor was about to launch at him. Clint waved from on top of the fridge, and Tony just shot him the bird. “You’re a dick.”
Steve stared at him for a moment, and Bucky glared back- and then both of them burst into laughter at the same time. He could taste the stale air in his throat as he gasped for breath, and his hand found Bucky’s shoulder, clutching tight as they both giggled.
Tony paused, and Steve got the feeling he was holding back a sigh of exasperation. “Hmm- yes, I gathered that much. I was just wondering, y’know,
He wondered where Tony was. SHIELD protocol stated that all prisoners had to be kept within the compound until alternative confinement and transport to said confinement had been arranged, and there was no leeway around that. Anyone who broke those rules would be fired immediately. And there were cameras, monitoring everything. They wouldn’t be able to kill him. SHIELD didn’t work that way.
by the way- and then turned and walked away without another word. I think you are the only person on planet earth who has managed to render him completely speechless.”
The reaction in the room was palpable. All five Avengers shifted instinctively, knees bending and eyes turning to the two men in front of them. Bruce swore and Steve tugged Tony behind him, while Natasha slid in smoothly and took his place at the front.
His heart felt heavy and he ached. It should have been cathartic, getting rid of something that was causing Steve pain, but it just didn’t feel like enough. He needed to do more.
“I don’t give a fuck whose booze it is, I’ll go grab some from the liquor cabinet if I want to, but I’ve had a shitty fucking week too, you know, and if you think the answer to that is drinking, then let’s give that a try, huh?” He said, sharp and fierce, standing up with a jerk and beginning to turn away.
He faced off, one man against Thanos’ entire army as it marched toward him and his broken shield, and all he could think about was Maria.
Steve just stared. And in all fairness, who the fuck could blame him? It wasn’t
He let himself drift through the next twenty minutes, mind on other things as he half-assed a few questions and thought moodily about all the homework he had to complete when he got home from school. He could probably bribe Bucky into doing a bit of it- God knows the guy owed him a favour or two- but then again, he didn’t exactly fancy giving all his work over to a boy who had once completed a detention by taping seven pens together and then attempted to write out all his lines like that.
Steve hummed happily again, tilting his head and once more nuzzling Tony’s cheek. Tony let him, and even nuzzled back a little, just to hear Steve do his weird purring thing again. It was kind of cute. In a super weird way.
Of course, Tony couldn’t have been more wrong.
“God, I still can’t believe that the Wrecking Crew actually thought they could take the
“Fuck,” he breathed out, staring up at the ceiling. This was so stupid. He’d known all of this going in, come on, there was no need for him to act all shocked now. He wasn’t anything close to something Tony would want to keep around. And even though, for some absurd reason, Tony did anyway, that didn’t mean that suddenly Tony had to wreck his whole life in order to accommodate Steve into it. Steve didn’t expect that, and if he was in Tony’s position, he wouldn’t want to expose anyone else to someone of Steve’s caliber anyway. He didn’t fit in and he never fucking had-
When he recognized Steve, his eyebrows rose a little, and the sharpness in his eyes increased a little. “Oh, it’s you. The new one.”
“How did they find out?” Thor moved over to Tony in concern as Clint nodded and fluidly slipped out of the living room, making his way up the stairs. Everyone was on their feet by that point, heads turned to the direction of the elevator as they waited for it to open. There was a feeling of
Bucky’s smile turned instantly to a scowl, and he shoved Steve from the driver’s seat, sending him clattering into the side of the door. “Shut up, she’s not that bad!”
“DONE!” Came a familiar voice, and both Steve and Bucky looked up with grins on their faces as Tony stuck his face back out of the door and beamed over to them. His hair was flicking all over his face in the wind, and he had somehow managed to get yet another streak of grease across his neck from the work.
He watched Steve walk back into the room with them slowly. His eyes were dead, jaw wound so tight that Tony thought he was crushing his teeth. Clearly his searching had led to nothing. Slowly, he pulled off his cowl with shaking fingers, looking over to the shattered glass windows that were currently gusting cold air into the room. Then he turned to the nearest wall, paused for a second, and put his fist through the solid concrete again and again and again until Natasha dragged him away with soothing words and small pleas.
Of course though, when he got back home, the disappointment at having failed at the first hurdle became palpable. Steve hadn’t seemed interested at all. Even when Tony had tried to butter it up with kisses.
Steve wiped the tears from his eyes and willed himself to stop shaking, instead reaching out blindly for Tony, draping his body across the back of the other man and wrapping his hands around Tony’s waist. He breathed, and breathed, and breathed again, trying to ground himself to where he was. What he now knew, with absolute certainty. He wasn't sure why and he didn't know how, but he was sure of it all the same.
Steve followed her out of the car, shutting the door quietly as he did so. “It’s not crime. We work here.”
He swore viciously, hearing his words get carried by the wind as he took up the fastest pace he could manage in the thick snow. It was gruelling work, and he felt the sweat as it began to form on his forehead, felt the groan of his legs as they pushed through snow. He refused to slow down though, and the sensation of his heart hammering in his chest was not brought on by the exertion.
They just had to hold their nerve, and see if they could blag their way through this.
“It must have been some truly spectacular ass you were tapping,” Natasha commented idly, raising an eyebrow at Tony, “I take my hat off to you, Stark.”
And then all hell broke loose.
Tony dropped his bag at the door. "This looks cozy," he declared, walking further in.
He flopped back into his pillows with a sigh. He was never going fucking skiing again. He didn’t care what Thor said to try and persuade him.
into the condensation left by his breath. Steve was the one who giggled this time, and he turned back down to his sketchpad, intended to write out the fateful question of
God, this whole night had been a disaster.
his heart screamed, while his brain pulled him back and said
Ty spotted him just a moment too late; turning his head toward the moving figure just as Steve’s elbow connected with his face, right in the spot where Tony had gotten him yesterday.
he thought, pushing roughly against the wood until it gave way.
“I’m sorry,” he muttered, covering his eyes with his hands and rocking backward. His hair… his hair was wet, and it was all he could think about. He tasted the disgusting muddy sediment in the back of his throat. Sand… sand was everywhere, except it wasn’t, because he was in New York. “I’m so… Steve, I’m—I don’t, I… I just-“
Steve remembered the woman’s words, from earlier. About what they could make him do.
this morning. God- he wished he’d just knocked himself out on the tabletop.
Steve had heard Tony say that he was leaving and snapped, and Tony had nearly died in his attempt to run away.
“I can’t,” Tony told him quickly, “I’m working. Anyway, it’s fine Steve. I know what I’m doing. I’ll probably be out by the time Howard gets back from work anyway.”
“No amount of time is going to help you here, Steve, dammit, you don’t even have a plan!”
Okay.
*****
He pulled on his uniform hurriedly and grabbed his kitbag, stopping by Tony as the man sat on the bed and watched. There was still a small frown on his face, and Steve ran his thumb over it in an attempt to smooth it out. “I’ll check in every two hours,” he said, like always, because both of them knew how hard it could be to go about your day knowing your partner’s life was on the line. “I love you. Try not to kill anyone at the summit today.”
He would have finished his sentence, were it not for the sudden presence of Tony’s mouth on his own, sealing the words right up between both of their lips.
“It’s true.” With a slight groan of discomfort, Bruce lowered himself onto the floor beside the cot, smiling at the two of his friends. “It says something when you think about the fact that even now, I’d still rather be here with you guys than back at the place I grew up in.”
Steve didn’t say anything, but he put his head back down on Tony’s shoulder and found his hand in the half-darkness. Tony held on a little tighter than usual.
em>Are you still doing prompts? Cus if so..... An avengers party with a drunk Steve on Asgardian mead
When Steve woke up, it was slowly. Painfully.
Steve looked back at him, smiling exasperatedly.  “I know I am,” he said, Peggy’s words ringing in his ear from earlier, “it’s the only reason I showed up, really. Pity is the only emotional motivator here-“
“So where have you been these past few days?” Steve asked, licking at the rather grim-tasting soy-milk icecream and trying not to pull a face.
He sighed, shifting Peter higher up onto his hip. It was hard to imagine that there was a dangerous terrorist unit out hunting for something as completely ineffective and harmless as the child in his arms. Peter clung to things randomly whenever he felt like it, but that was about it. As far as Tony could tell, that was as far as his range extended. Useful, but not something worth going toe-to-toe with the Avengers over, surely?
He made his way down to the bus stop once Tony had disappeared, telling Zeke to fuck off when he said something to his friends about Steve that made them all laugh. Then he got the bus, got home, and fell back into bed.
Again, Tony was silent for a few seconds before grinning. It was staged, even Steve could see that. “When there isn’t alcohol within five feet of me at any given time, yes. Now come along, Rogers- gotta get you home to momma, ‘kay-”
Steve was just a silhouette in the darkness of their room, but Tony still saw how he shifted, became a shade more tense. “Why?” He asked, “it’s… I mean, this is working pretty well as it is. And Peter won’t like the change.”
And Steve
The thought came easily. It had come for the first time about an hour ago, simple and obvious. He thought about it again as JARVIS asked him the question. “Because I need to get him back,” Steve declared, “and I need them to not try and stop me.”
at fourteen?”
“You know,” Steve said softly; the tips of his fingers tracing around the edges of Tony’s face in fascination, “I never knew what this felt like until I met you.”
“Steven!”
He spat, and he heard Peggy telling him to calm down on the other side of the door, but he wasn’t having it, he
that it was clean water but
It’s become refined enough that Tony can predict some of the more severe mood swings and prepare for them. Yeah- maybe Natasha gets pissed at him because she can’t find any of her usual weaponry hidden about the tower during some weeks, but Tony isn’t going to take any chances. Not with them.
“Oh,” was all Tony said, before clicking his mouth shut and then taking a tentative step over the threshold.
Peter would be fine. He’d be safe and happy, and no one would hurt him once Tony got to the bottom of exactly who was behind all this.
Rolling back upright, he crawled back over to his window and tentatively peeked outside again. Bucky had disappeared. Steve felt a slight pang of guilt at refusing him after he’d traveled all the way down from Brooklyn, but it wasn’t enough to make him regret it. He didn’t want to talk at that point.
“I’ve got a lot of making up to do, haven’t I?” Steve said quietly, kissing Tony’s hair, and then his cheeks, and then his eyelids, moving across every inch of Tony’s face with a gentle press of lips.
Mrs. Wilson sighed again, remaining quiet as her fingers tapped over the wheel. He kept his eyes down at his shoes, feeling the muscles in his shoulders as they bunched together.
Steve wasn’t strong. He wasn’t tall, or particularly physically fit. But something had come over him in that moment, and he knew he wasn’t going to stop until someone made him. “You BASTARD!” He snarled, grabbing Stone’s stunned face and then sending it into the door frame next to them. “You EVIL, TWISTED PIECE OF
There was a tight silence, and then, “nothing I didn’t already know.”
He remembered Tony’s eyes when he’d told Steve that if he hit him, he would leave. He remembered the despair when Steve had gone and broken his rib anyway. The numb way Tony had greeted him the next morning, quiet and defeated and nothing like the man Tony Stark usually was.
Thor smiled, but it faded a little as he sighed and then blew out smoke. “Dumb decision anyway,” he muttered, “now I can’t even drive. Stupid.”
Thor looked down with a small little smile. Then he straightened up, wiping his face once more and visibly composing himself. Something seemed to change in him; his shoulders spread, his face brightened, and he made a conscious effort to relax himself. He looked more like what Steve usually saw in him.
Tony pulled Peter more firmly against his chest, looking down at the little boy. His heart clenched painfully. What must this baby have gone through for the first few months of his life? If it was true- if that was the reason AIM were coming for him, then he must have been in their care ever since birth. Jesus- had he ever even been cared for properly? Hugged? No wonder he wasn’t crying right now. He was probably used to shit like this,
, anything at all that made him feel like he was being productive. Turned out shaving was the first thing he thought of. Perhaps not his greatest plan ever, but it was better than just sitting and moping.
“Tony?”
It was only when he felt a warm weight settled across his midsection and press into his side that he realised Steve had finished, and was snuggling down into bed with him. He must have fallen into a doze while Steve had been finishing up. He smiled to himself and then smoothed a hand over Steve’s arm, curling into the heat against his side until his forehead hit a solid chest. Steve smelled like the apple bathwash he’d used, and Tony wanted to bury himself in it. Stay here forever, where nothing was difficult or scary or wrong. It was all just
He looked back down to his leg, remembering the first instance that they’d seen the geneticist’s cradle in action on Clint. He sat up and poked it gingerly, wincing when it touched the sensitive skin. “Ow,” he muttered, before poking it again, a little softer this time.
He watched vacantly as people moved through the halls- a class of eighth graders running through the corridors to head out for Gym Class, and then the teacher following along hurriedly. He spotted the kid- Parker, the science one- running along with all his little buddies. When he looked into the window and spotted Steve staring, he waved excitedly and then pointed him out to all his friends, who stared at him unashamedly and then grinned.
“Steve-“
But the team just shrugged. “No, don’t worry,” Natasha told him with a pat against the shoulder, “Colonel Rhodes flew in and helped out with the War Machine armour.”
Steve snorted, and then copied the action, feeling the whiskey slide smoothly down his throat. Tony always got the best stuff. “Fair enough,” he said, and then grinned as the taste sparked a memory. “Hey, remember when Bucky drank your whole bottle of Jack Daniels and then decided he was going to try out naked acrobatics on the streets of New York?”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, biting down on a groan between breaths, but Steve kissed him again, picking him up once more, this time by the ass, and then waiting for Tony to wrap his legs around Steve’s waist before moving them forward. “I might make you keep the shirt on, though. It looks good. Real good.My clothes always look good on you”
In the windows, the first drips of light began to shine over the city. It looked like it was going to be a sunny day. Cold, but bright. They said on the news that they might even get a white Christmas this year.
