“The victim didn’t die here; there’s no struggle. When your suspect brought him, he was already dead.” Sherlock looked around and knelt down next to the body. “He is obviously gay. I think he has been assaulted, no scratches on the body though,” Sherlock said, kneeling down and getting the packet from under the small bench.
Greg’s eyes bugged out from his head.  “Allen Kirby!!”
Sherlock looked lost; John wanted to hug him and tell him how he was proud of him. He knew it wasn’t welcomed in the best of days much more on this. Sherlock hated being touch without warning; instead, “I know… However, you want to talk to Mycroft, right?”
“It’s in the garage,” Sherlock said, pointing toward a big industrial structure to the left.
Sherlock’s language and communication were impaired, too. Mycroft was against John having a relationship with Sherlock, however, John could not agree. He loved Sherlock a lot even if sometimes he felt as though he was Sherlock’s carer rather than his lover.
“Yeah.”
John read about the camp Mycroft’s ‘son’ was in. He learned two things and Sherlock would hate him for it. First, the camp was affiliated to the Mormon Church and it used ‘behaviourism’ techniques. He wouldn’t tell Sherlock. With that John fell back asleep.
“I know, love.” John knew that Sherlock had symptoms of OCD, too. His partner was meticulous with what he ate. He never ate on a case because food tended to disturb his stomach and, when his stomach acted up, he couldn’t work. IBS tended to be a lesser known side effect of Autism.
“Why?”
Sherlock was looking out of the car window. “As if it wasn’t the story of my life,” he mumbled.
They took their time through the interstate.  Sherlock was humming and rocking, while John drove.
The man looked at his wife as if willing her to speak. “We are here to speak with Sherlock Holmes.”
In the meantime, Sherlock and John were at home it was the next afternoon; they sat at their chairs in the sitting room. They were on the sofa drinking tea when Sherlock started blinking.
Mycroft sighed. “Sherlock, you know, Carter is my…. offspring,” Mycroft said.
Normal is Overrated
“Sherlock,” John said in a warning tone.
Later that day, while the boys were asleep in the nursery, Sherlock was with them. John wrote a final blog entry.
Sherlock frowned, not making eye contact. “No, and besides they would just make me feel like shit Because unlike you I’m a disappointment.”
The nurse nodded. “Alright, Mr. Holmes. We won’t inform his father.” After a short while of actually checking her patient's vitals, the nurse left Sherlock and John with Carter.
Great, I am going to meet his parents, I thought as I walked down the stairs. Sherlock's steps were deliberate, like he was thinking through a complex puzzle. His hands that were normally restless stilled which unsettled me.
Chapter 1
John took a deep breath. “Sherlock, did they punch you?”
After Lestrade left, Sherlock wondered about what he wanted to do with their flat when their hypothetical children came. He knew that Mycroft had bought 221 Baker Street from Mrs Hudson; Sherrin hinted at it.
Mycroft raised his elegant eyebrow. “I thought he was over that.”
“I went to Cambridge, John,” Sherlock said.
“John, I know, especially for him.” He turned to Mycroft, giving him a dirty look. “However, Carter is a friend of my family and I don’t want any harm to come to him.” He looked at John.
“I know,” John said.
“No,” John insisted. “You’re the one with autism, Sherlock. You need to control the narrative.”
Right, John thought. It was almost rush hour. Sherlock hated the tube. Hate was not the right word for it, John thought, he just couldn’t. The smell and the sound grated on his nerves like a screeching violin. “Sherlock, What should we do, Love?”
Sherlock cut him off. “Get to your point, Mycroft. I am very tired.”
Carter looked at him embarrassed. “He caught me masturbating to a picture of David Beckham.”
“The address I gave my brother is for a psychologist who works for the foundation that organised the…” Mycroft’s voice in a rare show of compassion let the words trail off.
“No, I don’t,” Sherlock said simply.
“Jealous?” Sherlock said with a huff.
“Hi, John,” Mike Stamford greeted me by the door. “William is a music major with autism.”
“Since Moran almost killed me,” Sherlock said.
One night, many days later, John got back from his new job at Vaux Cross  Hall as one of its consultant doctors at its surgery to Sherlock asleep in their bed. It was only seven thirty.
He shook his head forgetting Harry couldn’t see him.  “Harry, you can't." It should be him not her confronting their mother about being gay.
Sherlock was standing in front of him. He gave John a hug form behind kissing his face with such love and adoration that John was moaning. They moved to the couch.
“Sherlock, you have an absence seizure. I want to take you to the clinic.” John said.
End of Chapter 2
“Oh my god,” said John, startling Sherlock into looking at him. “You look just like him, love.”
He had been thinking of his life; he was extremely fortunate. He never would’ve thought his life could turn out like this after Victor had broken his heart.
“Okay.”” John directed Sherlock to a rubbish bin. Sherlock vomited all the contents of his stomach. “I think we need to go home, love.”
Then, his iPad sounded from his lap. “You're studying medicine in your last year, your father is a drunk and a gambler. He just lost millions. You went to a day school in London.”
“John and I want you to be one of our special people for our wedding,” he said. “A ‘groomsman’ if you would like to see it that way.”
Sherlock looked shocked into Mycroft eyes. “Ah, Okay…” He went to the kitchen and squeezed Mycroft’s upperarm. “Are you ready for the bad publicity of this, Mycroft?"
John typed K. Andersen the first column and in the second he types a check and in the third line was Yorkshire Day School.
“I thought you don’t eat during cases.” True, but Sherlock had changed; in the year since John had first met him. He was now eating and sleeping more regularly. “Sushi?” John asked.
He shrugged and began typing. “You don’t live here - you live off campus. You were fifteen minutes late and your watch has been passed down generations. By the way, the name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked getting angry now. He didn’t like being lied to because of his childhood wherein the philosophy is that children were meant to be seen.
Greg just sent him an emoji of a hand with three fingers up.
John sighed. Sherlock stood up and swayed. John, who was watching, caught his arm. “You okay?” John was worried.
Sherlock hugged her back. He fumbled for his phone, “Hello Sherrin, where’s mum and dad?" he said.
“When did you last saw your son?” John asked reading the book titles.
I nodded. “I can see that.”   We followed he to his room upstairs wherein sat a baby grand piano. Her room was huge, maybe bigger than my flat.
Mycroft sighed tiredly. “Sherlock hasn’t told you plenty of things about his past, because he can’t and he was retired. When you started dating he came to me and told me he was going to retire from ‘the farce that was intelligence’ and be a private detective. I told him that he was making a huge mistake. He loves you, John, a lot. Will you please forgive my brother?”
After the music ended, Sherlock sat down and gave him a chaste kiss. John leaned in. They made out, hand on hair. Then, there was a knock on the door. Mrs Hudson was standing in the doorway. “Hoo, hoo, boys,” she said. “You shouldn’t be seeing each other. It’s bad luck.”
“No, it’s not that,” John said. “He is fine.”
He boiled the water. “Sherlock?” He asked from the doorway of the kitchen. “You want tea?”
Sherlock texted John while waiting for a cab. ‘I will be coming home soon. Greg agreed to be one of our people of honour. SH.’
John looked at Sherlock who relented. “Will go see him at his  office.”
John looked at him a tinge of worry mixed with annoyance settled on his face. “Sherlock, You need a refill for your meds.” He said.
Sherlock sighed a question. “Where?” It was good that Mycroft was out of the country and was not coming back until Friday.
“It's Christmas, ‘Lock,” Sherrinford said, bouncing on Sherlock’s bed.
He didn’t know what to feel about Mycroft. On the one hand he was John's former brother-in-law so that ought to mean something. On the other hand, he sold his brother to the devil incarnate, leading to him jumping off St. Barts' roof.
As Kate was cuffing Moran, he gave chase. Sherlock looked at him. They ran towards the direction of the criminal mastermind. He and Sherlock ran around for fifteen minutes when Sherlock halted and dropped to the ground.
Sherlock scoffed. “As if they couldn’t carry another one." A dawning realisation hit him like a punch in the gut. Sherlock stopped. "Sebastian Moran."
“Ready to go,” I said. He closed the door to his room. We took our bikes to a club outside campus, just like we have done countless times by now. It was a fast cycle.
John shifted gears before answering Sherlock with a shrug. “There is nothing more to tell. I told you it all earlier,” said John, glancing at his partner.
“Okay.”” I thought of what to tell him. “Sherlock.”” He was now nervously tapping his fingers on his lap as if he was playing the piano. “You don’t need to pretend in front of me, okay?” I knew that ABA therapy was torture on him.  He nodded and fell back asleep.
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” John said taking the biscuits off her hand.
“How did you confirm this?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, I was nine years old, Mycroft was eight,” Sherlock said while they were inside the tube station.
Ms. Starr looked to Sherlock and back at Greg. “Danny is my son, from my first husband.” She stopped abruptly.
“You know I miss you?”
He entered the house. It was his childhood home and, despite what Sherlock or Mycroft believed his childhood wasn’t trashed or plagued by alcohol abuse and poverty. His father was a doctor and his mother a nurse. His sister studied law in university and was a solicitor.
John looked at Sherlock, squinting in the light. “Yeah… we would be there in twenty minutes.”
“You’ll be the one to call, Sherlock!” Greg said, smirking.
As John made his way to the streets of Essex; Sherlock lay there in the passenger seat asleep. Which brought John a bit of worry, and a smile on his face. Sherlock didn’t sleep; his meds was doing this to his body.
“The usual,” Sherlock said. Angelo left to get their orders.
“Are you done?” John said, quietly.
He pulled me aside. “We had to sedate him as he was getting agitated. His blood came back positive for alcohol and LSD, cocaine.”
To: doctorvictortrevor@NHS.com.uk.
Then the waiter arrived with their drinks. “I want to work for the yard, but only for the first three years of my children’s lives.”
“Is it scientific?”
John sighed. Sherlock had just had brain surgery. “You will be discharged tomorrow, Sherlock, but we aren’t allowed to go home yet.”
John sighed. He didn’t say a word about driving. “I have Lorazepam tablets, here, want some?”
“When I was younger I did almost thirty hours a week. That would be five hours a day, after school. The clinic was tedious at best and hateful at worst. ABA highlights the worst things about a person. When I was 14 years old, mummy brought me to my ‘maintenance appointment’," Sherlock said. “I was assaulted by a therapist.”
XXXXX
Sherlock hadn’t entertained the thought of working for a company or the government before because of the assumption that he couldn't function in that environment.
“I want to talk to him,” Sherlock announced.
The next morning, John woke up to find their bed cold and empty. He padded outside to see Sherlock and Mycroft talking amicably. It was incongruous to what he knew about the brothers' relationship. John took a double-take. They seemed fine until Mycroft said, “Sherlock, it’s in America.”
We went to the family room and on the way there his father pulled me aside.
Greg looked at him with something akin to admiration. “And what would that be?”
"Happy wedding day, my love,” he told John as one of Mycroft’s cars pulled up outside. They got in the car with Mrs Hudson.
“Sherlock, the party at Mummy and Daddy’s next Saturday.”
“Why?” Max asked dubiously.
They headed to a twenty-four hour Urgent Care office. Sherlock was seen right away by a doctor in her mid-30’s. “He needs an x-ray of the head, Dr. Watson,” the Nurse Practitioner said. She was talking to John, after John had told her Sherlock had Autism.
John nodded as the ambulance left the house. Sherlock texted Mycroft. ‘Carter being brought to hospital.’
“Why did you do two courses instead of one?” John asked.
“Yes, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson?” Andreka was holding a three maybe four-year-old boy in her arms; who was click-clacking with his lips. “Come in?”
Robert, John and Kate talked about Sherlock's cases, while Sherlock sat listening to the conversation. John urged Sherlock to talk but he wasn’t in the mood for it. After an hour, they base their farewell on the two officers. They walked to their rental car hand-in-hand.
“Pancake?” John asked; when Sherlock went downstairs in his dressing gown.
“Nope,” Sherrin said. He could hear his elder brother type something on his computer.
“This was the time you did drugs?” John didn’t know why Sherlock had turned to drugs.
John looked at him; Sherlock looked pale. He was breathing hard. “Okay, love,” John ran his hand on Sherlock’s arm. He directed Sherlock to sit on a nearby bench. “What’s wrong? Can you tell me your symptoms?”
After the ceremony, the grooms and their wedding party stood outside the mansion for pictures. Mycroft talked with a nice divorced woman: police commissioner Amanda Gregson.
John gave Sherlock a tight hug. “I would never put you in a home.”
“You want to give Sherlock a murder to solve for his stag night, Sherrin. Are you kidding me?” Mycroft asked.
“Sherlock, you're not. We need to go home, love.” John turned to Greg. “Sherlock isn’t feeling well, Greg.”
Sherlock shook his head. “We can just eat it in the car, John.”
“The boy most elegantly told Mr Landon to sod off; that he wouldn’t tell the authorities. about what happened to him if Landon didn’t do it to me.” Victor was trembling now.
Sherlock was getting agitated; the noise was bothering him. “Sherlock? Let’s go outside for a moment, okay?” John got him to his feet. They were number 15 in the cue, and the person that was being called was number 4. Luckily, they were outside before Sherlock started pulling his hair.
“Is that Sherlock Holmes,” people murmured and Sherlock looked ashamed.
John frowned; looking a Sherlock worriedly. “Sherlock, Are you getting sick?” John touched Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock looked like he couldn't  comprehend what Carter had said.  “Who?” he asked looking at his watch; he was waiting for John.
John saw as Sherlock's body tensed. “Sherlock?”
“You need to stop kidding me,” Lestrade said. He looked at Sherlock and saw the truth written all over his face. “You're not joking, are you?”
‘As far as I can tell, he doesn’t have any injuries that are life threatening.’
They went to their rental car. As he was entering the car, Sherlock went to the left side. “I want to drive,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock rubbed his face with his hand. “I am going back to bed.” He said. “Wake me up in an hour.”
“I know Sherlock was ill, was being the operative term.”
For the duration of the renovation, the couple were living in America in the Holmes’ cottage in California. It was mid-November and,back home, the wedding preparations were on their way.
Sherlock protested. “You know we can’t, John. Kids are getting rape.”
They checked in. At the reception desk, John used the identity Mycroft gave them: John was now Jack and Sherlock would be Sherrin.
Dr John Watson watched his partner Sherlock Holmes rocked back and forth, palm in his ears, humming a discordant tone. He wasn’t surprised that Sherlock would be like this; especially with the week they had.
Kate Moratti, the FBI agent Mycroft had contacted in London and one of the agents in the ‘control room’, said to his earpiece, “Sherlock, engage her.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “What?” John said, kissing Sherlock’s cheeks. “You've got to be kidding me, Sherlock?”
As soon as Donavan said that, Sherlock’s face displayed his hurt before schooling it and he said, “How is it with Anderson? Is it good babysitting his kids without him in the house
“I am clearly not. I can’t breathe; there are too many people, John.”
In the meantime I left the pub, dragging Sherlock out of there. A couple of minutes later, we were at the university hospital. By the time we got there, Sherlock was having a meltdown.
The statement made John cringe. They were riding in companionable silence when Sherlock asked, “Would you rather not be with me because even though I love you dearly, I could let you go.” Sherlock's eyes were clearly glistening with tears.
Sherlock heard Kate sigh; the men glared at each other. "I am bored, I want to go home," Sherlock whispered to John's ear.
“Please tell me why you don’t want to eat,” John said and as soon as he had said it, he wanted to take it back; Sherlock flinched with the tone of his voice. “Sorry, love.” John hugged Sherlock firmly. “You want a smoothie?”
After the bath they dress into work clothes; Sherlock was wearing a navy suit with a red shirt. John wore jeans and his grey jumper.
John soften. “I am not into telling him to go do somethings, Mycroft. Sorry. Would you let me down, please.”
Sherlock was asleep when I got to the room. I sat down next to him on an uncomfortable chair. I didn’t know what to feel.  My best friend was an addict. What I didn’t understand was why.
They moved on from the whole conversation of exes and best friends, and John decided he liked this guy.
Hence today. John watched as Sherlock ate his cut burger and his chips. After eating, he would definitely wash his hands. It must have been hard to be him, but John would never change him for the world.
Again Sherlock texted him. “Where are you?” SH.
It made total sense to John that Sherlock would find psychology and neurochemistry fascinating. “What did you do after university?"
“Okay, Meet us in our home tomorrow; will be fetching him from there.” She said. “And Mr Holmes?”
John knew that because of the day they had to have, Sherlock would be plagued with nightmares. However, it was still disappointing to see him that way. The first time it happened was when they had fallen asleep on the sofa; Sherlock woke up with a start, gasping for breath. They moved to the bed after that.
“Oh?”  As I entered the room, I first saw the young man sitting on the couch fidgeting with his fingers. He had long dark brown hair, he was looking down with his grey-green eyes and he was wearing a standard Cambridge hoodie but instead of joggers or shorts he was wearing chinos and leather boots. With him was a man in his mid twenties pacing around the room.
The flat was modern; open space kitchen and living room; it was like Mycroft’s flat, in one word, boring. She offered a cup of tea. They accepted. They both sat; Sherlock sat on the love seat and John at the L shape sofa.
They headed home in Sherlock’s black sedan. They first went to Angelo’s for dinner. While they were in the restaurant Sherlock’s phone pinged with a text message from Victor.
He texted Greg. “Sherlock needs to tell you something. Dinner and drinks at our place?” JW.
“I know.” Sherlock clambered down wearing his customary suit while John followed on his heels.
“So, what does this Victor want?”
“You put a microchip into him?” John asked, the indignation obvious in his tone.
“Why?” But before Sherlock could answer Mycroft coughed.
Sherlock looked distressed. “Why? I was coming back, I planned too. Mycroft should have told you.”
“And How was he acting?” Sherlock asked.
“Sherlock, you know what you did is wrong. I want to understand, I do, okay. What I don't understand is why?”
John woke up at four in the morning and he groaned loudly because it was an hour later than he and Sherlock had agreed upon. Beside him, Sherlock was still asleep.
————————————-
There weren’t even in New York or Salt Lake and Sherlock was having a meltdown. What about the plane? John knew Mycroft had chartered a plane - two planes - one from Heathrow to JFK and then they would be in New York in a couple of hours and then they would go from New York to Salt Lake Airport.
Sherlock sat at home, with Mrs Hudson on his hills on the state of their flat. He was bored. The rape case admittedly was dull; after they had analyzed the cypher, and then how many of the teachers were paedophiles; the case is nothing of interest for him. Except for the knowledge he gleaned about his older brother; that was illuminating.
“Why are you here, Mycroft?”
John, who was seated beside him in their booth, raised his eyebrows. “Who’s that?” he asked.
“How many kids?”
Sherlock did stir at that moment but his movement was sluggish which worried John. He had known early on that Sherlock was strange; however, he was acting stranger than usual. “Sherlock, come on, love, you need to eat.”
John sighed. He wasn't sure if Sherlock was okay, or not. It was hard for him to ask because Sherlock would be so defensive. “I’ll get ready for the day, okay.” Sherlock waved him off.
Maximilian entered the room with a pocketbook in hand. “Here you are.”
Sherrin took a sip of his wine and sighed. “Mum’s brother, who died of AIDS-Related illness in the ’80s. He was an artist in New York."
John could practically hear the gasp at the other end of the line. “Yes, Dr Watson, did you found something?”
“I want to ask him if he enjoyed, it having sex with minors,” Sherlock said looking at his screen. “By the way, we are at eighty-seven. We have fifteen more accused.”
John smiled at him. “Sherlock, I know that you are grateful for Mycroft. I understand him more now.”
Sherlock and I are getting married today. I cannot believe this. This blog and the accompanying vlog was a  successful endeavour where we share our lives, with five million subscribers on Youtube.
We arrived at the dance club where the party was being held. Sherlock was nervous going inside so I put my hand on his arm to calm him. “Alright?” He nodded, sound sensitive then.
The next morning, John met Sherlock before his meeting with Victor in the cafeteria. Sherlock wanted John to meet Victor. There was a man approaching their seat, and he was very tall and handsome, with short cropped blond hair and hazel brown eyes.
John rolled his eyes. “Good try, Sherlock,” John said half-seriously; he turned to Molly.
I handed him his phone. “I want to see the pirate ship,” he said with his phone. We sat next to him on the bench he was sitting at. “As you know I wanted to be a pirate growing up. It was because of this.”
Greg looked at him and at John. “Is this true?"  When John nodded, he said, "Oh, Sherlock.” He went over and hugged Sherlock which warmed John’s heart. “Are you on medications?”
“I am not in the business of telling my boyfriend who was, by the way, a consenting adult to come to a party he doesn’t want to go to.” John opened the door. However, Mycroft looked at John at that moment realization dawned on John's eyes. “So, he went to Baker Street then? You and Sherlock talked then?” Mycroft nodded.
“Its Dr Watson, with Sherlock Holmes.”
John nodded.
John looked at him, frowning a bit. “You haven’t told me about the car.”
“Sherlock?” He could hear Lestrade’s voice. “If you could help us…”
Harry laughed. “I hope you can convince her. You’re her favourite, you know.” They hung up. That phone call was three days ago and here he was, going to  Yorkshire to talked with his homophobic mother about his relationship with Sherlock.
He was still angry with Sherlock for not telling John about his plan. However, he couldn’t be angry at him for long. He kissed Sherlock on the head. He picked up their identification and brought it into the bed. There was an information sheet.
John had recalled a lot of instances with Sherlock; Sherlock blinking then afterwards, shaking his head. “You. are. a. big. fat. Idiot. Sherlock.” Sherlock looked a little bit hurt at his accusation. “Okay, look at you, you need meds, god.”
John stared at Sherlock; he didn't know what to say so he remained silent. Of course, Sherlock was prescribed medications.
They ate dinner. “So, Sherlock, how are you doing?” Greg asked after they had eaten dinner.
John just sighed. He was tired and Sherlock was being Sherlock, dismissing his health. He climbed into their bed and hugged Sherlock to his chest. John prayed to a god he vaguely believed in.
John raises his hands in placation. “I won’t.”
John saw as Sherlock closed the application and went to Google Maps. “We are ten minutes away from a McDonald’s. I don’t like McDonalds, John; you know that,” Sherlock whined.
We danced our way on the dance floor. I kept a close eye on him because he’s my responsibility according to school rules even if we weren’t on campus and I am protective of my friends.
Sherlock interjected with, “his dog bit my leg.” John and Victor laughed.
“No.”
John found out that Sherlock hated the smell inside of 7eleven’s. It was a little musty and icky and as soon as Sherlock was inside he was outside. John  watched Sherlock pacing in the parking lot.
“No, and that is worrying,” Mycroft said. “He hasn’t eaten in a while.”
“Yes,” he said. He sounded dreadful. And then he typed, “In a way.”
They hailed a taxi cab in front of 221.  He just sighed looking at Sherlock looking at the wall. He loved when Sherlock was happy; his face was relaxed and his eyes were twinkling.
“What did they do, Sherlock?”
“Yes, we’re going home, Greg,” said John, looking at Sherlock who nodded. “You tired, Sherlock?” John asked.
The ambulance that Sherlock discretely called finally arrived. John let them in. “The most injured one goes first.” the medic said as he and John let them in.
When John looked up he looked jealous and a little hurt.  Sherlock knew that he was still cross about what happened three years ago. But John said, “Sherlock, I understand.”
“No, of course not.” John had wondered since the first time how could Sherlock be intimate with him. Sherlock wanted to see John when they had sex. They sat there in tense awkward silence until it was lunchtime.
“I want to rescue those kids from the hell they are in, Sherlock. Let’s do this. No child should feel that their sexuality or their minds are wrong,” John said, defiantly.
“Is it an event?" Sherlock asked, tap, tap, tapping his fingers on his jean clad leg.
“Yes.”
They were off to Scotland Yard. “You can sleep, love.”
He found Sherlock inside the hotel alcove, lost in thought and blinking rapidly. John thought he was having a seizure but he wasn't. Sherlock did that sometimes, blink when the light was bothering him.
Greg grunted an affirmative. “Will you still be helping me from home while you take extended paternity leave?”
John caught up with him after he bid a hasty goodbye to Callahan. As soon as they were outside the car; John asked, “Sherlock, What was that about?”
Mycroft went to the kitchen, pouring a cup of tea. And Mycroft said. “I would be releasing a statement today about my experience with Landon.”
Sherlock understood that Lestrade didn’t want him to do leg work. Instead of sulking, he picked up his phone and called every pool manufacturer in Greater London.
John’s expression gave him away.  A school system that routinely disappoints its elite kids. How thoughtful. “I know, and we should ask Greg.”
“Yes, Ma’am… The department is looking into two deaths: Allen Kirby and Kris Lambert. They died of chlorine ingestion. Do you have a record of purchases of large amounts of chlorine?”
“I know that you and Landon had been intimate,” Sherlock said, snakily; he saw as Mycroft face darken.
There, in front of them was a ship. It was from the mid 20th century and was very large. Sherlock could hear John and Sherrin talking. “How did you get this?” John asked when they were inside, and Sherlock was inspecting every room imaginable.
Tonight, they will have a party, a nice party with Christmas friends. But, for now, John was content with Sherlock in his arms.
“Willow, you have Autism Spectrum Disorder,” Sherlock said. “This means that your brain is a bit different from others.” He was rocking their daughter vigorously, just like Willow liked it. “I love you,” Sherlock’s voice almost cracked. “I am very sorry that your life is going to be very complicated, but always remember that Daddy and Papa love you so much.” John crept back out.
“What did you say?” Sherlock prompted.
He looked at and sang in his beautiful baritone a part of a Bob Dylan song. “The answer my friend is blowing in the wind.” Yes, it is so true; we can never predict the future. He looked at me and typed on his iPad, “However, if I could just tell what my future would be,  it would be You and Me.”
“So you need to eat?”
“Come on, Sherlock, you can’t drink tea all day,” John said. “What do you want to eat? I’ll get you anything.”
He answered his phone and sighed. He could hear Mycroft’s voice sounding a bit frazzled. “John, meet me today at my office. I need to speak with you.”
When they went back down; Sherlock looked at him. “I love you, but we need to go,” Sherlock said; trying to get out of John’s embrace.
________
John didn’t reply. He was still flabbergasted by all of this. Sherlock had lied and the most important thing was he was alive but barely. He sat on the chair beside Sherlock’s bed, stroking his husband’s hand.
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t feel good.”
The next morning John woke up to Sherlock sleeping in their bed. John was burying his head in Sherlock’s curls. “Sherlock, are you awake?” Sherlock was still snoring. He just laid there while stroking Sherlock’s hair.
“Where are you?” Mycroft asked.
They heard three consecutive gunshots. Sherlock stood, curious and John followed behind him. They reached the crime scene; it was in central park. Sherlock knelt at the body.
“Okay,” agreed John. “Sherlock, check if there is a fast food restaurant nearby.” Sherlock was playing chess on his phone.
“But…” John stopped her with his palm but she continued, “I thought the therapy worked.”
After paying for his goods, John beckoned to Sherlock from inside the car and they left.
“Yes, this why I don’t do meds.” Sherlock retorted.
“Dr. Reed, I just want to ask you about Sherlock’s rehab. Will he be able to run again?”
Sherlock was propped up on a wall, texting John. ‘I have found him, John. SH.’ He answered Carter’s question matter of factly.
“Yes.”
Sherlock, whom John supposed was listening, grabbed the phone and barked, “You are going to help us with this, Kate.”
“We have a problem, John.”
“What are we doing here, Kate?” John asked.
“Okay,” John climbed into bed with Sherlock.  “You still have a fever, love,” John said, when he placed his hand on Sherlock's forehead.
“No,” Sherlock looked at John indignantly.
“I’ll email you where to cut, John.” The editor said; John could hear the door opened the other end. “I gotta go, John.”
Sherlock was still working for Mycroft. He and John worked a case of four homicides that they linked to an American man from years ago who had killed eight people in the Los Angeles area. John had been working directly for the MI5 because he was qualified and Mycroft wanted him there to keep an eye on Sherlock. Mycroft had been pleased. They still consulted with Greg Lestrade.
Maximilian sighed. “It started in the middle of maths class; it was three days after school started. Mr Adams was tackling algebraic expression. He sat near my chair and looked at me and smirked at me, and told me he wanted to speak with me in private.”
Sherlock interrupted Victor.“You mean Mr Jack Landon? he thought maths and physics.”
Sherlock didn’t even stir. He just sat there, listless after playing the violin. John was worried. He tapped Sherlock on his shoulder; the detective didn’t move an inch. “Sherlock?” John said.
“No…” Sherlock said.
“You have your phone,” protested John even though his partner was holding the phone already.
John was surprised. “You want to cuddle?” he asked teasingly. Sherlock screwed his face in a grimace.
“You are psychologists, right?”
John grinned; it still amazed him how Sherlock could change. He kissed Sherlock’s lips and Suddenly they were sucking each other lips, nipples; making out; making love.
“Sir?” John was lifted from his thoughts by the barista.
“Fuck!” Greg cursed. “So you mean we have a budding serial killer.”
Sherlock answered politely, “We’re fine.” He smiled. “In a year or so we will probably have kids.”
Sherlock stirred. John thanked the heavens that Sherlock had woken.
“I want to talk to My brother,” Mycroft said, rather bored as if John was boring him.
“Why, what happened?” Mike asked. “Walk with me?”
——————
Sherlock woke with a start. “Sherlock?” John whispered. “You awake?”
Sherlock sighed and went downstairs; the living area was newly decorated, too. Sherlock wondered if his boys would want to play the piano instead of a string instrument when they got older.
“I’ll update you.” Mycroft hung up. I walked back to the emergency bay. The doctor nodded.
Maximillian sighed. “I told him I don’t know. He said, well I can help you figure out if you’re gay. He undresses me…” He sounded like he wanted to cry.
“Social anxiety,” Sherlock breathe out. “I can’t go back in there, John. Let’s go to St Barts pharmacy instead.”
John Watson entered the Accidents and Emergencies department. He was looking for Sherlock when he saw two men in white coats huddled around a man with curly black hair. “Check his bracelet: he’s not psychotic, he’s autistic and in sensory overload. You can not use haloperidol on him,”  he shouted at the men.
John woke up a couple of hours later; it was dark now. Sherlock was curled up next to him. He petted Sherlock’s hair. He remembered a time not too long ago when he and Sherlock were dealing with The Woman and he remembered being jealous of her. That was when he had realised that he loved the man sleeping next to him. He checked the time and stood up, gingerly climbing out of bed.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “We have evidence, Lestrade. A website; a forum wherein kids gather.”
He looked very dejected. I looked at Irene. “Where’s his communication device?” I asked.
Sherlock looked at me and typed on his iPad. “Why are you crying?”
John sighed. “Alright.” He put his hands up in a gesture of surrender.
Sherlock was quiet for a whole hour and John hadn’t expected anymore. The only sound in the car was Sherlock tapping his left hand on the armrest.
John turned Sherlock’s laptop on. Some of the information was on his computer, like the spreadsheet and Victor’s Email Address. He typed an email to Victor.
John glanced at Mycroft. “You have a kid,” John said to the elder Holmes brother with a little mirth as if he didn’t believe the situation.
We just sat on top of the roof of my car star gazing, with him typing and me talking about anything and everything. At one point, I asked him about the future, “Sherlock,” I said looking at him, “What are we doing?”
Today was his last case and Sherlock as a consulting detective. They  wanted it to be memorable. So he was inside the interrogation room talking with the pool company manager who was the mother of their primary suspect.
A boy looked up at him, maybe fourteen or fifteen years old. Sherlock looked back but he was really uncomfortable. Kids shouldn’t have been there. He saw a familiar ginger haired boy. “Carter?” he said, looking at him.
Sherlock typed on his iPhone. “I know,” he said and I laughed. That’s what I like about him: how honest he is.
John smiled, he thought it odd that Sherlock texted like that even with Mycroft. He got the Gracie Cooper book, paid and dart out of the store. He d-toured from the bookstore to the nearby Tesco to buy food.
“You are?” The guy asked, looking at Sherlock with disgust.
John woke first. It was Christmas Eve, and Sherlock was still curled up next to him on their bed. Today, they were going to have a small party with Greg, Molly, Victor, his wife Camilla, Mycroft and his wife, Mel, and Harry and her new partner Nichole.  Sherlock’s relationship with his brother, Mycroft, was great. John was okay as well.
Sherrinford went first, like a kid on Christmas morning he jumped and ran towards the Christmas tree. Sherlock followed at a more sedate pace.
John laughed. “Geez, Sherlock. I meant in our conversation. Ah…” John remembered. “Why do you care what other people think of you. Usually you don’t.”
“Sherlock? Can you hear me? I love you, so very much. Please don’t die. You can’t die on me.”
“So not a chance,” John said echoing Sherlock’s thoughts.
“He wants to meet me for coffee tomorrow at work.”
“John,” Mycroft said, “Sherlock saved your lives by jumping off that building. There were three snipers. One for each one of you. You might blame me for my actions that led Sherlock to jump...”
“No, sir,” the woman said, obviously lying.
“We're here, love.”
“Sherlock?” John said as he stopped near Sherlock’s unmoving form. He examined Sherlock’s body. “Sherlock, stay with me!” John said. “He was shot, glazed over.” John called 911.
“Sherlock, what the hell are you doing here?” Carter asked with his very distinctive English accent.
John, Sherlock and Mary were talking when Mary slipped. “The director of our agency, Jim, died. He was such a kind hearted man.” Sherlock and John cringed inwardly.
John gave him a smile. Sherlock was asleep. “I love you, Sherlock.” He took Sherlock’s hand and fell asleep as well.
From: doctorjohnwatson@NHS.com.uk
Sherlock ended up taking ages. He was so satisfied with the pirate ship that John was half asleep; Sherlock was still talking about the ‘case’.
Sherlock nodded and went back to the piano. He played Love of My Life by the band Queen. He could see John smile in the corner of his eye. John brought him the tea as the music stopped.
Angelo served the food. They ate in comfortable silence; to John’s surprise, Sherlock ate all of his meal. They had dessert after the meal.
“Ah..” Sherlock was fidgeting in his seat.
“Do you think Sherlock wants you to know?”
“I don’t want you to leave,” Sherlock said.
XxXxXXx
Sherlock looked at him. “Yes, actually, Since I have my license at 16; I love cars. So forgive me for not telling you.”
“Nice to meet you, Miss Morstan,” John stood up and shook her hand.
John didn’t understand the upper class who was willing to put their child away for boarding school. What was the point of giving birth if you would just leave the child at boarding school?
“Sherlock?”
After three hours of waiting, they saw a man enter the big house. Kate called for backup as she exited the car. Less than a minute later, NYPD entered the driveway.
“Yes, I can go to the crime scene.” They hadn’t told anyone about Sherlock’s diagnosis. Mycroft found out through the NIH database. Sherlock was really angry at his brother about the breach of privacy. Mycroft suggested Sherlock go back to intelligence, a desk job at the SIS, but Sherlock said no; he wanted to spite his brother.
“Okay,” Sherlock said; a bit apologetic.
“I have food at my place, you could go there?” Sherlock nodded his head. “You know how to bike right?” He rolled his eyes.
“Yes, I am. What time is it, John?” he asked, standing up.
“I am just here to report my findings on the rapes,” Sherlock said.
“Hey?” Sherlock said, standing up. “John!”
“We didn’t find him in the camp even when we walked from one end to another.” If Sherlock wasn’t sure whether or not Carter was alive then they had a problem. John nodded his head and they began their day. He drove them to ground camp.
Victor went back to the sitting room; Sherlock and John sat back down and drunk the tea Victor offered. “Victor,” Sherlock said. “How have you been since we last met?”
They paid the fee and left.
Characters: Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Willow Sophia Holmes-Watson (OC)
John checked the address on his phone; they had stopped in front of a large brownstone house. He woke Sherlock by shaking his shoulder. His partner woke after a short while. “Sherlock, We’re here.”
Sherlock pouted but didn't say anything.
"Oh my, Sherlock." Linda enveloped him in a big warming hug. He hugged her back willingly. Linda was a younger version of Mrs Hudson. She was in her late sixties, with a no-nonsense attitude towards life, unlike his parents.
Sherlock was looking at her, his eyes murderous. “I could hear that,” he said.  “OYou’re not a real doctor. You didn’t finish Medical School because-” He narrowed his eyes. “You were caught plagiarising a friend’s paper.”
“Yes, well, I am not as smart as you,” Lestrade said; looking at Sherlock with admiration. “How did you figure out?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said with a sincerity that was both alarming and heartwarming.
The END
“Hi, Willow,” Sherlock said, looking at his kid with a sense of understanding.
Sherlock started hyperventilating. “Get out.” The doctor didn’t move, so John said, “please.” When the other doctor left, John turned to Sherlock and hugged him. “I am so sorry, love, for bringing you here. I am sorry for your diagnosis.”
Two minutes later, Sherlock was holding a Stradivarius violin in his hand and I was gaping at it. “You own a strat?” I said marvelling at the instrument. That was why he left his at mine.
He saw John outside and they walked hand in hand through the hospital.
“They're red.”
Sherlock took a sip of his coffee. “When I was five, mummy and father moved Sherrin and I to California, while Mycroft was in boarding school so, yes, I could see myself living here."
“Well, no problem, Lock; you didn’t know,” Victor said. “Please do come in. Introduce me to your partner.”
Sherlock plopped on one of the chairs, tuning his violin. “What are we playing?” I asked as I went to the piano to warm up my fingers.
It was a sunny afternoon when John Watson’s office phone rang. It was Mycroft Holmes. John frowned; he hadn’t spoken with his brother-in-law since the funeral.
Sherlock shrugged and answered her. "We don't know yet." They were silent after that.
My fiancé is still non-verbal and autistic and that will never change. It iss amazing how he’s improved  greatly in many ways with his communication with me.  He had the motivation to use sign, I learned sign language. When it came to intimacy, it was a different matter. We had to desensitise his nerves first slowly.
The doctor checked his bracelet. As soon as Sherlock was freed from the men’s clutches, he ran towards a supply cupboard.
Sherlock sighed. He needed to sleep. It was already three in the morning; they had gone to bed at around twelve. He was excited and nervous. He turned onto his side and carded his hand through John’s hair. “I love you, John, so very much.”
“Yesterday.”
If Sherlock was telling him the truth then he would be careful about putting him on Medication. “I Will find you meds that work, Sherlock, Okay?” John said. Sherlock wanted to protest but John halted him. “No arguments, Sherlock!”
Greg, to his utter surprise, didn’t say a single word to him. Instead, when Sherlock broke the hug, Greg gave him a firm handshake. “Nice to see you, Sherlock.”
——————————————————
John saw the look at reacted first. “No,” He looked at Sherlock with a stern look. “We are eating here, Sherlock.”
“What?” Sherlock asked; looking perplexed. He moved his head to peer at John’s laptop. “Landon is still teaching.”
John was suddenly tired. “Mycroft, could you please leave me alone with my husband?”
“Okay, Sherlock,” John said, thinking about which game to play with Sherlock. “Can you deduce people by their cars, Sherlock?”
John looked at him. “Why is that?”
A couple of days later, John was still reeling with the visit to his mother. Sherlock was invited to a crime scene by Lestrade near Kensington. “It's at least an eight, John,” Sherlock said, jumping up and down with glee. “Let’s go, John.”
Sherlock sighed, frowned. “I am not ill.”
But, before John could reply, Sherlock spotted his brother hovering around. “Mycroft is in the vicinity," the detective said coolly.
“Okay….”
“I wanna see Moly,” Sherlock said.
“No, I am on a case.”
John was startled by his words. “They hurt me,” Sherlock said in almost a childlike voice.
They left the Andreka-Carlson’s after telling them they would come back. Sherlock insisted on brunch; John agreed. So, now, they were seated at a small cafe just outside Chelsea.
Sherlock stirred and after a minute fully woke up. “Let’s go.” They packed the laptop and the toiletries. They stopped to eat at a Subway in New Jersey. John drove because of the lingering effects of the Valium in Sherlock’s system.
John stood at the threshold between the seating area and the kitchen, with one hand on his back. “Give us a moment, Mrs Hudson.”
“Indeed.”
John, on hearing his partner’s words,  kissed Sherlock on the lips again and Sherlock was happy.
Sherlock began to drive towards the direction of the ANAZAZI wilderness camp central office near  the Joseph Smith's memorial. John was gritting his teeth in the passenger seat for how fast Sherlock drove on the motorway. At one point, John thought they were going to crash.
“No, we’re going there, where do you work?” John asked Sherlock was now listening to the conversation intently.
Irene looked at me. “Are you sure?” she mouthed.
Sherrinford shrugged and changed the subject. “John, I know this isn’t your ideal stag night…”
Greg thought of it for a moment. “Yes, bring them in.”
John sighed. Sherlock wasn't dressed today; he was wearing a dressing gown over a teeshirt and a pyjama bottoms. “Wait a minute.” He climbed back up. “Sherlock, get dress, we have a client.”
Mycroft didn’t know what to say to him, true then John thought I would be. “Sherlock,” Mycroft looked at John. “I know, but it’s Daddy’s 80th birthday. Convince him, Please, John.” With that Mycroft was slipping down the flat.
Sherlock thought about John and his experiences. “I need to speak with John first,” Sherlock said.
“Who’s that?”
“What?” He said irritably.
“Oh, lad,” Greg just said.
Sherlock smiled.
"In three years?"
Sherlock saved me by typing, “I could go see you tonight if you want to give me your address.” I frowned and Sherlock noticed. “I would like to be your real friend, John.”
One month later:
“You’re an adult, Sherlock.”
“We are in downtown Denver. Why?” He stood up to go to an alcove somewhere.
Sherlock looked at him sadly and very quiet answered, “No. I guess not. ”
“You must have made a mistake. I can’t be.”
Sherlock still looked appalled, but he complied. He put up his hand to play. John opened his hand up and Sherlock copied him. They laughed. “Don’t copy me,” they both said in unison.  Another try brought John to win.
“Ah..” Sherlock thought. “We need to go the bookstore… I mean rather you.”
He had always thought that there was something wrong with him. That he wasn’t as smart as Mycroft. His older brother had friends growing up. He did not.
John shrugged. “Just asking.”
John’s face drained of any colour. “John?” Mike said.
“Besides, normal is overrated,” Sherlock said.
Lestrade sipped his cup of tea. “How are things going with John?” he asked.
They sat at the piano drinking their tea. Sherlock knew that his soon-to-be husband had learnt to play the piano when he was a boy. His fiancé played one of Bach’s Minuets.
“No, but I care.”
On the third try, Sherlock got through. “Hello, I am William Holmes. I am calling from the office of Detective inspector Greg Lestrade. Can I speak with the manager?”
“Change his status, Mycroft, or I’m not going anywhere,” John said and left the office to meet Sherlock who was at the chemist.
John looked at the wall clock. “Eight Thirty. We have an appointment with a Dr Callahan at eleven at Harrow.”
Sherlock was waking up; there was a pressure on his left hand. He saw John’s hand holding his. Sherlock observed John’s face for a moment. He had a two-day growth. Sherlock cleared his throat.
She looked at Sherlock. “You need an x-ray,” she said, rolling her eyes.
It had been ten months since John had written a small note in his blog saying that they would be on hiatus. Sherlock thought that it was a little much. It was a silly blog; people who read that thing were idiots of lesser minds.
14 February
“No, I have a car, you have a license, I do too.”
They walked from the park and were halfway to Baker Street when Lestrade rolled down his car window. “John, Sherlock, I need to talk to you about the money laundering case.”
They sat down in their respective chairs. “I am retiring from work,” he said, ripping off the metaphorical plaster. Beside him, Greg dropped the menu he was holding.
End of Chapter 1
John glanced at Sherlock and at Milverton. They nodded their heads. “Okay, sir," John said standing up.
“We’re here, love, in New York, John F. Kennedy airport,” said John, looking at Sherlock worriedly. “You’re high, Sherlock.” John looked towards his lover and requested for a wheelchair.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, shifting on his chair.
Mrs Hudson came up during the day; bringing them banana bread. Sherlock ate the thing. “Sherlock, you are going to develop diabetes,” John commented at one point.
The process of getting their Visas went easily. However, as soon as Sherlock was touched by a TSA agent, he blew a gasket. He ran, making John and the agent follow him out. John sighed, Sherlock had been very listless earlier.
Sherrinford rolled his eyes. “For Sherlock and John’s stag do.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. Instead he seemed to find his finger nails interesting. “Sherlock, I am talking to you. You are scaring me.” John grabbed his arm. That was when John looked at his palm. “Sherlock,” he said. “Give me your palm.”
“No. Hi, what’s up?” Mycroft said. Sherrin could hear voices inside Mycroft’s office.
Callahan’s demeanour changed. “What do you want to know, Sherlock?” He said; as though there were something lodge in his throat.
Sherlock quickly recovered. “Yeah, anyway, there was a case back then that your department didn’t solve. There was a kid, Allen Kirby. He drank chlorine. I thought it was only a one off.”
Sherlock sighed. “Don’t be, John. I deleted it from the mind palace or I tried to, but alas I could never delete it.”
“It was her boyfriend; why do I need to work with people who are dumb,” Sherlock said. “Who’s the case is this, detective inspector? It’s so elementary. The sarcasm bled from his latter statement.
John fetched the clients down at the front landing. When he was up Sherlock was pacing the living room. He cleared his throat. “Sherlock, this is Doctor Carlson and his wife Doctor Andreka .”
“No. I am not leaving, Dr Watson,” Mycroft said stubbornly standing in 221B’s living room.
“Mycroft?” he said after a while of not saying a word.
“You don’t know Victor?” Sherlock asked, bewilderment on his face. “Did I not tell you who Victor Trevor is?”
The front door opened. Sherlock looked shocked.“Victor?” he said; looking at the man with brown hair and blue eyes. “I didn’t know; I’m sorry,” Sherlock said with genuine remorse.
“No." Mycroft shook his head. “He one day overheard them talking about him.” He checked his watch, a clear signal he wanted to leave. “John, get him to go,” he said.
He entered the room; Sherlock was texting his brother by the looks of him. “Sherlock? Here is your smoothie.”
The ten minute drive was very stressful for John. Sherlock’s fever was above forty-one degrees and he drifted in and out of consciousness.
He was taken aback. “That was Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock’s brother. I need to go.”
Sherlock answered her question. He took a swallow of his beer. “We haven’t talked about it yet.” He winked at John. “However, we are planning to be fathers.” He and John had talked about having children but not about getting married. Because, to Sherlock, getting married was just a formality of their love and it was so sappy.
“Why not?” John asked, blocking the car door. “Tell me, love.”
John considered, looking at Sherlock, really looking at him. Sherlock’s eyes were the love he had for his elder brother, shining through. Now, he kissed Sherlock. “I have to go to work if we aren’t seeing Mycroft.” John worked MWF at Barts; if the schedule allows.
Sherlock supplied an explanation. “They needed a normal life as a front to their illegal activities.”
“John?”
I am coming home in ten minutes.
“Attitude. When we misbehaved, we were brought to another location.”
Earvin looked at him. “The day the Alexander kid was brought here, I was brought to that house I was at. See, I was in and out of it.”
“No, Sherlock. You are not fine, love.”  John said and Sherlock nodded. “What are you feeling?”
“What?”
Okay, what time? GL
John replied after five minutes. ‘See you soon, love.”
Sherlock looked at him and John sighed. “Sherlock, are you up for this?” he whispered.
“Okay, then,” Sherlock murmured. He pushed up, kissing John on the lips.
“Not according to the law. During my hospitalisation, I was sectioned and they still have me under that.”
“You and Donavan.” He turned to Greg. “Get Donavan, please.” When Greg hesitated John shouted, “Now.” Greg got Donavan. When she came, John shouted, “Donavan, huh,  I hate when you fuck with Sherlock. Do not fucking call my boyfriend a freak ever again. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?”
“Who’s Victor?”
They exited the car and knocked on the door. Sherlock looked like he might fall down while he stood. John needed to check if he could change his medication.
One aquamarine eye peeked out from underneath the blankets. “John, what time is it?” Sherlock asked, rocking back and forth.
Sherlock closed his eyes. “Hmm, I had hoped the meds would have no side effects.”
My friend shook his head.
The doorbell was ringing outside. “Wait for a second, I am getting this.” He bounced two at a time downstairs.
“Yes… tip… go to the subsection of the Association of independent and Boarding Schools website; all of the teachers' names of every teacher.”
After eating they left the restaurant. They braved the traffic going home in car Sherlock’s had around John’s while he wasn’t shifting.
Maximillian took a deep breath. “We kept on meeting in his office for the year without any incident.” His face grew darker. “Then one-night last month…” He took a shuttering breath and glanced at the hallway.
That stung a bit because it was true, John supposed. “However, Sherlock, what about me?” He knew he was being selfish.
“I…. it’s obvious. I’m not blind,” Sherlock drawled looking through him and glaring at airport police. It was now very obvious to John. Sherlock hated the fuss of the airport. Sherlock was stymied on the floor.
“Mr Holmes, you’re HIV positive,” the doctor said and Sherlock wanted to cry and scream, right there and then.
“One hundred and three,” John said, sadly.
Sherlock gave John a sad expression and John gave his hand a tight squeeze. “I really don’t want to get other people sick.”
Mike shrugged. “He can, but very limited.”
Victor, who looked as though, he wanted to vomit nodded his head. “It not be me telling you about this.” He hissed.
In the course of the afternoon, Sherlock had found four more from his alma matter. It bugged him. “I want to interview someone from Harrow, tomorrow.”
Sherlock joined in. “Yes. And what you saw me do earlier is because I was overstimulated.”
“See you soon, Victor.” Victor led them to their BMW. When Sherlock and John climbed in; they waved to Victor goodbye.
John sighed. He thought that he and Sherlock would be doing this kind of work for the foreseeable future. “What are you going to do?”
Then, Sherlock went away. The mission was a covert and dangerous operation. He was captured three times and was sexually assaulted. When Mycroft rescued him, he had a massive brain injury and ruptured Achilles tendon, now HIV. How would this affect their relationship? Would John leave him? Could they even have sex? Would John want to have sex with him?  He knew HIV wasn’t a death sentence anymore, but still.
“Wait, love, how did you know that his parent was calling him?”
John stood up and went downstairs. “Evening,” John said; looking at Greg. “Sherlock was still working on rape cases.”
“Sherlock Holmes?” Callahan said; looking at him strangely. “Look at you, now, you finished your PhD in chemistry and the only consulting detective in the world; wow, I told you; you could make life worth living.”
She sighed. “Alright, I hope you could help us, Mr Holmes.”
I know this isn't perfect but i needed to post if anyone wants to bata this. Please help me guys.
John was crying now. “Yes, but barely, too much blood.”
“Wrong timing to have our kids. What do you think, John?” Sherlock muttered under his breath.
“I know how to play that, John,” Sherlock said indignantly. “However, it's for imbeciles.
“How long have you been planning this??”
The incredulity in Lestrade’s face was palpable in the room. “You know I can’t do that, Sherlock. We need to gather more evidence for me to get a warrant.”
He was thinking about Sherlock. He was thinking about six months ago and this intimacy, not just the physical stuff but also the quiet times that he and Sherlock would spend time together. It was an honour to have him as his partner. Sherlock was incredible company.
They had moved back in to Baker Street after living in the nice flat but it was just not home. Sherlock and John thought that they could leave Baker Street but they couldn’t.
As soon as they were inside the building, Sherlock was kissing him. John who can’t say no to Sherlock kissed him back. They were kissing while Mrs Hudson was tidying up their flat. “Oi, Boys, get a room.” She was laughing when she said it.
“Help me, my maths teacher is touching me down there. He told me would kill you if I told you guys. I have been in touch with people who were like me, online.”
“Yes, I’ll do it. If the family would want me.” Victor said.
“Dr. Watson?” Sherlock’s nurse, Cathy, said from the doorway.
Sherlock glanced at the time, it was four-thirty. John would be back by five “Mycroft, you want a cuppa.” Sherlock asked walking towards the kitchen to make tea.
“No, I supposed not. You scared her, Sherlock, with the stimming.” Replied John, gravely.
He sat like that the two days Sherlock was ill. He made Sherlock eats and drinks Gatorade every two hours. When he’d notify Mrs Hudson; the elderly woman cooed and said. “I would bring you, boys, food, just stay in bed. “
I was thinking of how I was going to explain this to Mycroft Holmes. I called 999. “Hello, I was with my friend and he was I don’t know hallucinating.” The operator was an idiot and asked me ridiculous questions. “I don’t know what he took. He has Autism.”
“You don’t know, John, not really. You could empathise with Willow or me but you don’t understand…” Sherlock shouted. He lowered his voice. “I would rather nurture the things she likes, like music rather than work on things she can’t control like stimming.”
Sherlock did still have the sniffles, and would one too many seizures; other than that he was fine. Today, he and Sherlock were interviewing, Dr Aaron Callahan, the Director of Student Affairs. He is also one of Sherlock’s mentors.
After almost an hour, Sherlock calmed. However, he was exhausted. John half-drag half-carried Sherlock from the floor to their bed. John decided to fix the smoothie in a container for whenever Sherlock wanted it. Then, he collapsed in their bed, wrapping his body around Sherlock’s back. “Sherlock, I love you so much.” With that, he fell asleep.
“Eating is boring, John,” Sherlock said, but he seated himself on the dinner table waiting for John’s pasta.
Sherrin turned to John.“We have organised something for you too, John. Tomorrow.” John nodded.
Maximilian looked confounded. “No, I agreed.”
The mayor said a couple of words while Sherlock and John stood in the middle aisle. Mycroft tuned it out.
John kissed Sherlock on the lips. “You don't even need to know.”
Greg sighed. “Sherlock, you’re sick. When your viral load is undetectable then you can go with me.”
Then he called Mycroft. It was the middle of the morning in London. “Sherlock, did you find him? How is he?”
The man handed Sherlock a piece of paper. “Our son, sent this to us via post today, he was from Newton School in Chippenham.”
The next morning they went on a holiday  to California.
“My partner had been attacked. Please come. He’s semiconscious. I am a doctor, please help…” Then Sherlock batted his phone away.
“I need to call my brother.” Sherlock hung up, he realised that he didn’t know where he was.  “I have an idea, John, turn on the GPS on your iPhone. Find me on there,” he told John impatiently.
“So, it’s faux science?”
Then the robotic voice answered me. “I hate when people ask that of other people as if I am not listening or I don’t understand. The fact  i have ASD dosen’t make me dumb.”
He walked to the downstairs clinic where John’s office was and knocked at the door. “Hey.” John looked up from his paperwork. “Are you done?”
The two drove in comfortable silence, with John holding Sherlock’s hand in his. When they got to the restaurant, it was noisy, full and annoying.
“Bookstore.”
John checked the files. The first file was a transcript, an interview with a man; the man was a teacher who abused close to twenty-five kids. It was fascinating in a morbid way that these people went to great lengths to justify that what they were doing was right. He closed his eyes.
John sat at the dinner table, listening to Sherlock scratching his violin, as he wrote his blog for yesterday's case. It was a Saturday. Sherlock had not slept a wink in three days. John wasn’t worried, though, Sherlock had suffered chronic insomnia since he was younger; it was a side effect of his autism.
It was almost three in the afternoon. I had class by four.
Mycroft walked the length of the hospital room. “He needed to save you, Gregory Lestrade and Martha Hudson.”
John thought about it for a bit; if he won’t let Sherlock work this case then they would fight. However, if he did and Sherlock had a seizure then he would hate that. He nodded.
Sherlock made eye contact for a bit. “John, let’s go. I don’t want to talk about it.”
Sherrin continued after taking a sip of his wine. “Lock was playing with a video game. I was like six years old, Lock was like five, while Mikey was off to Eton. Sherlock had found a squirrel; he showed me the thing and told me that he would take care of it. I told him, no way; I explained to Sherlock that he couldn’t. The next instance, Mummy was standing next to him, and she forcefully took the squirrel from him.”
The man handed him the ring.
They drove to the Children’s Hospital Foundation. When they got to the hospital, they parked their rental. Walking through the hall holding hands, they reached the lift to the maternity ward.
“Yes, the funny thing is,” He laughed, looking at the scene outside. “I didn’t appreciate him. I didn’t have to, but what if…” Sherlock trailed off.
“Thank you,” they both said in unison. They left the doctor’s office in high spirits. The three of them drove to a Japanese restaurant near the hotel to treat Danielle and themselves.
“Yes, it’s an inside joke between the two of us. He said his name was William to get me off of his back. I found him at a coffee shop and we became friends.
“Do you think I just did drugs for the heck of it? I was on Ritalin all my life."
“No problem—“
The question had surprised Sherlock; he looked at John incredulously. “Honestly, I’m going to be a father, John.”
“Johnny?” His mother stood there and hugged him. Would she hug him when she found out?
————————————
Sherlock looked at John and told his fiancé, “I am fine, now, John.”
“What happened?” asked John, looking at Sherlock pensively.
“When are you leaving?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock sighed and typed, “He has severe autism but he has a talent with music like me but unlike me he is unable to lead a normal life.”
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t know. His biological father is my brother, but his step father…”
Sherlock sighed. “The trajectory of that bullet, John.” Sherlock paced around the park. “We need to call Kate.”
“He’s a recovering drug addict.”
“Yes.” However, the contractions had begun. They held her hand; three hours later, the first baby popped his head.
A moment later, Sherlock sighed. “What’s Rainman?” He murmured in John’s ear.
“Ah…” Greg said. Two minutes later, they were in Baker Street and the DI was following them up.
He nodded. John cooked the pancake, while Sherlock read the newspaper. “You should publish this story on one of the bigger blog sites or even in the London Times, John.”
After the tea incident, they went back to work.
John laughed. “Oh, of course."  Then he said, “Let’s play twenty questions.”
“I would give you a Prescription, okay?” John said, and Sherlock nodded his head. They first got back inside the flat; for John to write him the prescription for Neurontin.
“Where is he, Mycroft?” John asked, angrily fixing his things in his briefcase. When Mycroft didn’t answer, John shouted, “Where is my HUSBAND? I am going to kill you both.”
John rolled his eyes and paid for his goods; Sherlock was such an insecure mess sometimes. He walked from the supermarket home. He was home in five minutes.
Sherlock was at the end of the rope by now. He began to kick the doctor like a mental patient. Sherlock could see a man with a syringe. Sherlock kicked once.
John stood up to the master bath and took a piss and then he took a bath and went down to the main flat. He needed Sherlock’s okay that he would be fine with the food. He made breakfast for Sherlock and himself.
After a while, John whispered, “I love you, but we need to get up, if we want to be in Illinois at a decent hour.” He shook Sherlock’s shoulder.
Six-thirty okay? JW.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Miss you.” This was one of the classic autistic traits. Parroting what he told her. He sighed. He knew this all too well. His ABA therapist would tell him off, telling him to answer the question. He always did.
“No, shit.”  Sherlock said, mortified, “You think the higher-ups knew?”
He had advised Sherrinford andSherlock not to get involved with anyone. Neither of them had  listened to him. Looking at Sherlock’s face, he knew how happy his brother was. Mycroft just hoped for Sherlock’s sake that this would last a lifetime.
“Right…” John knew Sherlock having issues with crowds; especially it is September and kids were going back to school. “I’ll go, I will be back in an hour. Try talking to Mrs Hudson about…”
“I’ll tell her,” said Mycroft quietly.  His brother hung up. Sherlock waited for John while Carter and the other kids quietly awaited their youth minister.
Sherlock nodded. “So was he talking about what was going on at school?” He asked playing with a stress ball in his right hand.
One of the police officers looked at him. “Sherlock, then,” he said with a pen in his hand. “How did you find this house?”
“I am seeing someone,” John said, blurting it out.
“Why? Because you're shagging me?” Sherlock hissed.
John sighed. “Why haven’t you told her you are autistic? She’s worried, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looked at John dazed. He was sitting on the ground, unresponsive. “Sherlock, are you okay?” John repeated. “Sherlock?”
“Oh, Sherlock, I love you," John said; his fingers laced into Sherlock’s hand. “I won’t ever leave you, love.”
I am happy to announce the birth of our sons named Nichola Cyrus and Luka Atticus Watson via surrogacy on June 1 2013.
“At a London Day School.”
He knew how to play; it was his first instrument. He just preferred the violin more. Sherlock sat on the piano stool, holding the soft pedal down and started to play. He played songs, modern and classics until it was dawn.
As soon as he left, I started this online diary.
Sherlock was still asleep; John put Sherlock’s seatbelt on. His partner stirred. “John?” Sherlock said, falling back asleep.
Sherlock made a sound of acknowledgement. I noticed his eyes were red with blood. I was instantly concerned. “Sherlock?” I said moving my hand to his but he snatched it away. “What’s wrong?”
Sherlock stirred. “Wha? What time is it, John?” he said groggily.
John released him; he and Sherlock to take a bath together. John still worked at St. Barts hospital every weeknight. This week, however, he took a week off.
He bit on his lip nervously. “This… is… John…” he said haltingly. I smiled shyly.
“It was rhetorical, Sherlock,” John said.
It was good that there weren’t people milling around. We moved steadily towards him. “Sherlock, what are you doing here?” I asked.
They climbed into the car without any word. The drive from Baker Street to Chelsea was uneventful; Sherlock loved the ride even if he wasn’t the one driving. They had decided not to go to breakfast because there was no time to eat out.
“Yes, Greg,” Sherlock said mockingly. “I realised that you heard the name.”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock said, shaking his head and laughing. “We are just friends but we dated in uni. He is the agent who helped me during my time away.”
Their house, 221 Baker Street was being renovated. The third floor was being widened to accommodate three bedrooms and two bathrooms. Down in 221C, there was going to be a play area, library, and a lab. This was courtesy of Mycroft who had bought the house from Mrs Hudson; the only condition was 221A would be her flat for the duration of her natural life.
“No,” John said. “We are not monogamous but we practice safe sex, he was…” Sherlock looked at John with narrowed eyes waiting on what the hell he would say.
I nodded before I realised that he couldn't see me, “Yes, can you tell me?”
John was surprised. Sherlock taking Mycroft’s cases? “Sherlock, are you feeling alright, love?” He put his hand on Sherlock’s head; Sherlock swatted it away.
“I am sorry, love.”
Sherlock didn’t ascribe to the superstition about not seeing his fiancé twenty-four hours before getting married. Plus it was their first time sleeping in their new room.
Sherlock looked at John for assistance. “No, Mrs Hudson, Sherlock has a different type of autism, than RainMan.”
They reached Scotland Yard near two. Sherlock ran towards Lestrade’s office with John in tow.
Sherlock was in the doorway. “Lestrade, How do I owe the pleasure of?”
As soon as he jumped out of my car, he was very excited so I opened the door and he latched his hand to mine and gave it a squeeze. I knew how much I love him already.
“You’re welcome.”
“Alright. I will bring you tea,” she said. “Here you go.”
At about four in the afternoon, while he was playing the violin; a black Mercedes arrived in front of 221. Sherlock groaned internally, he heard Mycroft entering the house. “Good Afternoon, Sherlock!” Mycroft said; scarily sweet.
The medic who was strapping Carter in the gurney looked intently at Sherlock and asked, “Are you coming with us, sir?”
“Yes..”
Sherlock looked at John who was writing what Max was saying. “Good parents.” The detective commented. The kid looked up and smiled.
John woke up a couple of hours later to his bed cold and Sherlock playing his violin. It was Bach: a dramatic Sonata in the key of G major. John knew because Sherlock had been teaching him about classical music.
“But you still need to eat, love,” John said worriedly.
“Dr Watson?” Andrea said. “Are you coming? because Maximilian, well is not doing well.”
They were on the top step when Sherlock spoke. “You have a case for me, and you have been sleeping with Molly for six months.” They climbed the seventeen steps to the second floor.
Sherlock looked at him and thought about what he was proposing. “I really don’t want to eat,” he said flatly. John placed his hand on Sherlock's head. “I am fine,” he said as he batted his hand away.
They headed to a secluded section of the hotel bar. It was morning so Sherlock and John ordered orange juice and Kate ordered coffee. After ten minutes of mostly silence, Kate asked, “So, Sherlock, what happened yesterday?”
As soon as he was back;  Sherlock announced, “I want to widen our investigation. They were too many children. I think schools knows.”
“God, Sherlock, you are serious.”
They ate in comfortable silence; Sherlock finished all his food. John was giving him a warning glare every time he would put his fork down until the final bite was had.
John remembered that Sherlock hadn’t eaten in almost a day. He had only drunk tea the whole day. “Sherlock?” John asked as he padded to the sitting room.
John saw the cogs turn in Sherlock’s mind. “No,” John said, quiet and reserved.
John looked over at Sherlock, worriedly, as the detective was shaking his hands repetitively. “Sherlock?”
“Oh,” John said, tightening his fingers around Sherlock’s arm. John was jealous of Victor. Sherlock wasn’t sure why John was jealous but he respected John’s opinion, so he shrugged.
From: doctorvictortrevor@NHS.com
“Blindfolded,” Earvin said.
Sherlock glanced at the guy inside the truck and said, “He’s a doctor, with two children, judging by the stickers of his family on the back of the truck. He has been using the truck in the mountain, judging by the tyres.” He pointed at the tyres.
Sherlock didn’t reply; John went to their bedroom to witness a panic attack. Sherlock was hyperventilating, a waking nightmare of sorts. John gathered Sherlock in his arms.  “Sherlock.” His love was in the corner, rocking back and forth. “I am here, Sherlock. You’re safe,” John said as he crouched down next to him.
Sherlock looked piteously. “I can’t take that; I had a bad reaction to Lorazepam in rehab," Sherlock said, playing with his wristwatch.
John helped Sherlock off the ground. His husband glared at him but Sherlock held his hand up. They took a taxi to St Barts. While in the cab, Sherlock leaned his head on John’s shoulder. “You okay?”
“Thank you,” John said as the server went and served the food.
Victor blinked and said, “Nice to meet you, Dr Watson.” He sat down across from him and Sherlock.
“I don’t know, John, I really don’t,” Sherlock whispered, flicking his fingernails one at a time.
As soon as they were parked, Sherlock jumped out of the car; John, Sherrinford, and Mycroft followed him behind. They had dropped Mrs Hudson on the tube station; she returned to Baker Street.
“He hasn’t passed it yet?” John asked.
“No, I haven’t.” Sherlock was annoyed.
“Yes, we have.”
—————————————————
“I am sorry, Sherlock,” John said after a long while.
“Sorry, sorry, of course you’re not alright.”
“What? Why are you here, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, annoyed.
“Sherlock." John wrapped his arm about Sherlock’s shoulder. “Do you not want to go on a plane because the airport is noisy or are you frightened about the plane ride?”
John gave a dry laugh. “You're barely upright, Sherlock. It’s only been a week, love, five days to be exact.” Sherlock swayed again. “Look at you. If you feel better tomorrow you can come back here.”
Dear readers,
“Yes, oh, yes.”
“Hope network for survivors of sexual assault: HopeNetwork.org."
“ABA is problematic, John,” Sherlock shouted.  He gave John his most menacing look.
First, he needed a case to occupy himself. He stood up and went down to the ground floor; there was a knock on the front door. He opened the front door.It was Lestrade. He smiled and let the DI in without a word.
Mycroft looked at John. “Needs must,” he said.
He saw Lestrade in the next office with DI Hopkins. “Lestrade, I need to eat,” Sherlock said.
They ordered their usuals. The food was excellent as normal. During their meal, Sherlock told John about the egg donor and the surrogate they would use.
Thirty minutes later, they arrived at the Holmes Manor in Kensington.
Dr John H. Watson
“Take him to Barts,” John said.
Instead of giving John his hand, he pressed harder; Sherlock knew he was stimming. He knew that he ought to tell John about his darkest secret for Willow’s benefit. However, what if John decided to break up with him and take Willow with him.  If John left him, he would crumble and die.
Victor Trevor, MD, PhD
"No, I haven’t seen him since he quit last year.”
Sherlock summoned the waiter. He ordered steak, the same as John, and Mary ordered a salad. Then a question from Sherlock took Kate and John aback. “Can we see pictures of these children, so that we could see if this is the best fit for our family?”
John jumped. “Sherlock?" He smiled. “Nice to see you awake.”
One day, he came home from the supermarket to Sherlock asleep on the sofa at twelve in the afternoon which was very unusual for him. John frowned and dumped their food in the kitchen and went to his husband’s side. “Sherlock?”
John got inside the car. “What?” He said irritably.
There was a car outside, a black Mercedes parked. "Dr Watson?” said Mycroft, looking at John intently. “Sherlock is in Regent's park.” John climbed into the car.
Sherlock looked at Maximillian. “Then what happened?”
John saw it first before even the other doctor. “It’s boys, Sherlock. Oh my God!”
John let them outside. As soon as he was inside, Sherlock said, without preamble. “The kid is deeply in trouble.”
“Do you think this would end?”
The woman looked at Sherlock and frowned. “He is feeling sick, stayed in his room that whole weekend.”
“Mr. Holmes?” Sherlock turned around to face her. “Are Carter’s parents coming?” a nurse said. Sherlock didn’t reply as quickly as the nurse wanted. He looked at John.
John wrapped Sherlock in his arms.
Sherlock in the meantime blinked at Lestrade. John thought that he was having a seizure. He stated in hurt and bewilderment; he went non-verbal Greg and Sally were starring at him. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock cut her off as he stood up. “John, let’s follow Moratti to her car.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock sighed after they calmed down. “Happy Christmas, John. Thank you…”
“Call me, John, if you need anything.”
They strolled to the garage where Sherlock’s car was. As soon as he saw the car; John whistled lightly. It was a 2005 BMW convertible. “This is nice,” John said. So, you have forgotten this?”
Sherrin nodded. “By this point, he was only having sensory processing issues and ADHD. Initially, Lock was diagnosed with Aspergers. By the time he was thirteen, the Aspergers diagnosis was rescinded; replaced by SPD and ADHD. By the way, John did he tell you that he had autism?"
“Sherlock?” John enquired. Sherlock looked at his nose in a very practiced motion.
“I know, love. I know.” John hugged Sherlock and nuzzled his nose in the detective’s hair. “It's getting dark, Sherlock.” John stood up and gave his arm for Sherlock to take. The detective took the preferred hand.
John overtook a truck. “I just thought you deleted information about psychology.”
The drive was silent, to his right Sherlock was deep in his mind palace. “What was it like in a conversion camp, John?” Sherlock asked John an hour and a half later.
“What?! What do you mean? Is he dying? Did you just imply that you would just come to our parents if they were dying? Sherlock?” Mycroft replied; angry now.
“Yes, Kate shot him after he shot you.”
The food tray came at around eight for breakfast. “I’m not hungry,” Sherlock said, pushing his plate away.
Mycroft nodded. “I told Landon that if he hurt Victor or you, I would let the school board now.”
Sherlock knelt down again, gathering information, when Greg asked, “Is he alright? I mean, he doesn’t look good. He was dizzy when you got here?“ The DI looked from John to Sherlock and back. “His face is red, John,” Greg said with a bit of concern. “It's good that Donavan and Anderson are not working here anymore or else….” The two officers were fired after the investigation into Sherlock’s suicide.
Sherlock shrugged, "That's Mycroft speaking.” They sat in Sherlock's childhood room until Linda called them for dinner.
Several minutes later, his phone beeped. It was Mycroft. ‘John, why did my brother’s blood come back positive for HIV? MH.’
The next time Sherlock woke up, John was asleep. It was the middle of the night, Sherlock deduced. He could not believe that it was over.
“I am bored, John,” Sherlock whined. “Can I have your phone?”
At two in the afternoon, John left to talk with Mycroft about Sherlock’s guardianship. He went to the Diogenes Club signing to the receptionist desk. As soon as he was let inside he went in front of Mycroft and spat. “You bastard, Mycroft. He is an adult so treat him as such.”
“No,” Sherlock said after a bit relented. “Let’s make a deal. I would go with you to the hospital after this case.”
It had been a month since the call with the editor. The relationship with the Holmes brothers was almost great. One day, Mycroft invited them to his Soho house. The brother’s talked about everything and nothing, all through the night.
“What does he need an aid for?” I asked, because I studied developmental psychology before changing  majors to medicine. “I know that many people on the spectrum can talk. Can he?”
His partner looked at him and, “Okay.”
We sat in the car with the sunroof open stargazing until the early hours of the morning, just talking and holding hands.
He looked at John and moved the conversation. “What do you want me to do, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, annoyed.
Sherlock, who lacked the skills to recognise a rhetorical question answered with, “It is a little incongruent to thinking.”
“Any sighting of Moran?” Sherlock asked Kate looking at the whiteboard with Operation Second in Command written on it.
Sherlock stopped playing abruptly to type on his iPad. “You’re hungry. You want to eat?”
Lestrade and Sherlock sat in the lounge, while John made them tea. John saw Sherlock checked his wristwatch impatiently. “Sherlock, we need you; seventeen-year-old girl…”
As soon as they were inside the airport Sherlock became agitated. He was wearing noise-cancelling headphones. The airport wasn’t that busy. “You okay, Sherlock?" John asked.
When he and Sherlock got back to London, he called Harry and told her about the relationship. “It took you long enough. I thought you could never be honest about your sexuality,” she had said.
Sherlock and I have been friends for almost two months. As I told him on the first day, we are real friends - not just for the programme. I meant that. We do everything together. We go on bike rides at the weekends and play music on our breaks.
John handed Milverton the fake forms that one of Mycroft’s people had handed them yesterday in the hotel room.
Sherlock nodded his head.
Sherlock sighed began pacing the room, his thumb on his mouth. “Do you want them to march at the school getting angry, no. because you're going to get themselves killed.”
.“Hello, Luka.”” Sherlock was entranced by his son. “It is nice to see you."
After they consume the tea; Sherlock looked at Callahan and cleared his throat. “Can you tell us, what happened with Mr Landon?”
John’s blood ran cold. “Thanks for coming, Greg,” he told Lestrade.
John knew that he had no right to write Sherlock’s prescription; as he was Sherlock’s partner. However, Sherlock hated going to the hospital and seeing a doctor for that matter.
Victor looked at John and back to Sherlock; but decided to say nothing about the seizures. He answered Sherlock’s question.“The very nature of boarding schools because of its enclosed environment in which teachers can wield tremendous power; Pedophiles were attracted to it. It was made possible in the decades' past, parents were often reluctant to question teachers’ authority.”
I protested. “I didn’t say...”
“You could.”
“I will show you. You’ll like it.”
John laughed. “You could say that.”
“Jesus!” Greg exclaimed; looking at them. “Where is this school?”
“No, mother, they didn’t assure you,” John said. “They just assured my compliance, mum… You can’t change your sexuality…. Me being gay is a part of who I am, mum, and who Harry is. ”
John frowned, Mycroft told him when he abducted him that first time quite deliberately that Sherlock was on the autism spectrum. Apparently, Big brother didn’t tell Mrs Hudson about it huh? John thought. “It is not my place to tell you, Mrs Hudson, asked him, yourself?”
“Thank you.” Greg stood up. However, before they started to leave, Sherlock clasped Greg’s arm.
Sherlock seemed to think about it. “Ah.. come in. We would wake Mrs Hudson, down here.” John knew this was a lie; Sherlock was tired of the rape cases. He, himself was sick of it, too.
They snuggled against each other in the small hospital bed until the doctor came by with Sherlock’s discharge papers and pill bottle. They signed the discharge papers and took the pill bottle from him.
“Sherlock, you’re not in London! You might get into trouble by looking at it,” John was telling him; he reached out for Sherlock’s arm. However, Sherlock was muttering deductions to himself.
They had pizza which Sherlock could only eat one piece of and bought juice instead. After eating they hit the road and headed to Utah.
Sherlock observed the thirteen-year-old. He has dark blue eyes, like Andreka, Carlson’s hair and his nose. “Hi,” Sherlock said. They shook hands. Maximillian looked at Sherlock assessing him.
XxXXxXxX
Now, John wanted to ask the question. “And?”
Sherlock was not having it. “John, I just fell asleep.”
In the website that Victor gave them; there were hundreds of complaints by young people. Telling the website, how they were abused by teachers. The sad thing was; they both knew that people were still suffering at the hands of those bastards.
Sherlock stroked John’s hair. He couldn’t believe that today was his wedding day. Ten years ago, when he and Victor had broken up, he hadn’t known if he would ever love again.
Dr. John Watson was seated in his chair with a laptop on his lap; he was researching autism and ABA therapy. He was still wondering why his partner didn’t even try to hide his disdain with the mention of the therapy.
“Okay.”
John sighed. “Sherlock, for god sake. I don’t care, because we have plans.” He moved the blanket off of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock groaned.
They walked the hospital corridors, Sherlock following him behind in a more sedate phase, into a room down the corridor. The men entered the room quietly. The boy was sedated.
“What? Why?”
Happy 11th Anniversary, Johnlock!!!
Mycroft started at his voice. “He was in Serbia for four weeks, destroying Moriarty’s network. That was the last leg of the mission.”
When he got to the A&E department, Sherlock was being readied for a private room.
They reached the room where Earvin Jazz was. Jazz was a fourteen year old brought to Anazazi by his parents. He was seen touching himself and failing at his classes.
“Look, if you don’t answer the question You’re going to be implicated in the case,” Sherlock said to the woman. “Okay?”
Mycroft had asked them to work with the local police to track and destroy the criminal enterprise. “They ought to be alive and able to stand trial.” Mycroft had informed them that day.
Sherlock hopped from the bed to the floor with surprising ease.
I smiled at him, and I held him next to me. I pointed out constellations to him but he was pretty oblivious to astronomy. I guessed that it was because of him having the particular brain that he has.
Sherlock looked at Greg and John. “I am HIV positive.”
After a while, Sherlock said, “I want to go to the other hospital, John. I want to talk to people.” John nodded.
“What happened, is it drugs?”
Sherlock spun to face John. “What are you talking about, John?”
“It’s in my room. I’ll get it?”
Kate sighed. “I don’t want to scare you. However, you two are wrong. Hear me out.” They both nodded their head and Kate continued, “I looked at the evidence that the NYPD gathered. The evidence is jumbled up. The angle of the shot and gun manufacturer is all wrong."
There were some things that John was worried about with him. Sherlock was withdrawn. Panic attacks were a daily occurrence and the stimming was more severe. He had spoken with Mycroft about this and they had both agreed that Sherlock needed professional help. However, Sherlock was so stubborn.
He wanted to talk to Sherlock about what happened after the fall. However, they were running late and they needed to see the director. So John ushered Sherlock out of the car. “Let's go, love.”
John was practical though. “What time is the flight?”
He could hear Mycroft sigh. “Okay, John, one of my people will send you two a resume for Jack Wilson and Sherrin Vernet, later today, okay?”
They were up the flight of stairs when suddenly Sherlock grab his arm and kissed him passionately. John sighed and kissed back. They were in there the first floor when they stopped; Sherlock led John to their upstairs bedroom. They were quickly undressing each other to their birthday’s suits.
Sherlock gave him a murderous glance. “Should we talk about personal rubbish? There’s a dead kid lying in Kensington Gardens.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, flopping his hand around his thigh in a counterclockwise movement. Sherlock looked as though he wanted to bolt.
Sherlock sighed. “When did this,” he said, holding the piece of paper to them, “came in the mail?”
I sighed, getting agitated. I just needed to visit him. “Okay,” I said moving to his bay.
The end.
After opening our presents we changed our clothing. And we went and ate good food.
The man shook his head. “However we brought his books.” He said.
Thank you, Ilovestopwathces for the bata of this fic.
Sherlock didn’t even look towards his direction. John hunched down beside Sherlock and touched his arm very firmly. “Sherlock!” Sherlock looked at John. “Are you alright?”
“Yes, that’s what they told me,” Kate said, looking at Sherlock earnestly.
‘Tomorrow at five in the cafeteria downstairs?’
“Yes.”
She points him to a rack wherein there were young adult novels. “Thank you,” John said. She gave him a smile. His phone buzzed in his pocket, a text message, he got his phone from his pocket and read the text,
John was working at St. Barts; the day was turning out to be boring. Sherlock was reading a book in neurochemistry while researching IVF in the UK for gay couples. They needed a surrogate and an egg donor. Sherlock and John had decided that they would each be a biological father. John had always wanted a son. He wanted two kids close in age, like he and Sherrin.
“Utah. Your brother is on the phone,” John said. “Sherlock, why did you not tell me?”
John hugged him and kissed his lips. Sherlock kissed him back. John Watson was so irresistible. “Sherlock, love, I so love you. Don’t ever forget that.”
John got up as well and kissed Sherlock. They exited the room to go and see Moratti.
Sherlock was silent, looking the at the paper. “John, call them, tell the parents I am taking the case. Don’t tell them about the letter.”
After desert, They headed home. “I’ll tell her tonight,” Sherlock said. As they were walking home.
They went out into Manhattan for the day. It was very different from London. “Can you imagine living here, Sherlock?” They were seated in a coffee shop.
“Why?”
When they got to their destination, Greg was waiting for them. Odd, Sherlock thought suspiciously. “What are you doing here, Lestrade?”
John was home while Sherlock was at god knows where. His boyfriend had just texted to meet him at their favourite restaurant at seven-thirty that night.
“Who?” Mycroft asked; knowing the answer already. “Victor Trevor?”
Sherlock looked back and forth between his phone and the drink. He picked up his drink and sipped it, nodding his head affirmatively.
“Where are you?” John said without preamble.
Then it was Sherlock’s turn. “I realised my orientation early on in life. I also knew what that meant. I wouldn’t be able to get married or have children.” Sherlock’s voice roughened a bit. “In university, I met Victor. When he broke up with me, I thought I wasn’t going to love again.” He was openly crying now; John squeezed his hand. Mycroft was taken aback; Sherlock had loved Victor, however, what he had not realised was the depth of that love. “As you know, I did a lot of unsavoury things… When I met you, John, that day at Barts was the day I fell in love all over again. However, I wasn’t ready back then. Victor was still on my mind. I know you waited to tell me you love me until that Christmas Eve. I promise to love and protect you and our children as long as I live.”
“Why can’t he talk?”  I asked, watching as Sherlock scowled.
His father had gone home shortly after we found him.  We just sat there for three hours straight until it was time to be getting ready for Mycroft's visit.
We went down to the ground floor, the Christmas tree was surrounded by at least fifty gifts all around the room. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the festivity of it all. Mr and Mrs Holmes were there sitting on their respective chairs.
They sat at Mrs Hudson’s sofa; Sherlock cleared her throat. “Mrs Hudson, I have Autism.” He blurted out, looking at John nervously.
"He never touched the ground, John,” Mycroft said and John needed to sit back down.
“Sherlock, then, it’s John Watson.” I put my hand up for him to shake.  He reluctantly shook it.
“Then what happened?” John asked.
“I don’t know, what you’re talking about, Sherlock,” Mycroft said; but Sherlock knew he was lying.
“Sherlock, no.”
John’s hand wasn’t long so no ring that was too big and bulky. “Can I see that one?” He pointed at a simple gold band.
Mycroft left Sherlock and I at the curb near the entrance of the administration building.
John, now worried, went down to Mrs Hudson’s flat. He knocked at her door. “Hi, Mrs Hudson, have you seen Sherlock?”
“What do you mean?” John asked as he dragged Sherlock to sit down. “He just disappeared?”
John looked at him surprised. Sherlock almost never told him anything; not about his childhood. He knew that Sherlock came from high society, and Sherlock hated it; doing everything to be with the masses.
“You were right. He wasn’t killed at Kensington Garden and there was chlorine in his system…”
“Why?” John asked the same time as Sherlock’s no.
John thought for a bit. If they went to the hospital it would be much harder for Sherlock to sleep and also they had a child to rescue. John nodded reluctantly. “But if your symptoms….”
John arched an eyebrow. “What?” he said, starting to pace. “What do you mean?”
They parked the car in the garage. They walked to Tesco Metro to buy some essentials.
As I went back and sat next to him, I noticed something was wrong. There was a glass on the table. “Did you drink this, Sherlock?” I asked, holding up the glass while peering at his eyes. No response, bloody hell. “What the fuck, Sherlock, are you tripping?”  Again no response. “Sherlock, I swear to god.”
“I won’t hear sorry, John. For all I know you and Mycroft are planning to put me in a group home.”
It had been four days since Sherlock’s diagnosis. Dr Wilson had told them that after two weeks if Sherlock did not feel better when it came to the side effects they would change his medication.
Then his mother scowled. “That’s not how we introduce our friends.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Kate was sitting in a plush chair near the entrance of the hotel when they arrived. She saw them first. “Hi, John, Sherlock, how're things?”
Sherlock looked at them with his piercing gaze. “Mid-forties, surgeon and oncologist, a kid in boarding school.” The clients stunned sat at the sofa, while they sat on their chairs.  “How can we help you with?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock noticed the blonde-haired woman enter the restaurant. She beamed at them. “Shane Howard,” she said as she approached their table.
John climbed out of bed. “You want cereal, love?” He asked, patting Sherlock’s hair.
“Where?” John asked, looking at Sherlock while getting up.
After he ate Sherlock left John to write the blog for last nights case. John heard Sherlock rustle around the lab converted bedroom. He began writing when he heard Mrs Hudson enter the flat with a plate of biscuits.
Sherlock nodded, and explain. “I met with Victor on Monday. He told me you saved him, Mycroft? Is this true?”
“He asked me if I was gay.”
Sherlock glared at him. “What game are we talking about?”
“Yes, I am or I would be.”
Come home. SH
“No, I’m fine. Blood sugar is just low. The meds I am on are messing with my sugar.”
I could hear Sherlock on his bed rustling to get up. He went to the bedroom and I got up as well.
“Yes, I know,” said Mycroft. He directed his statement at John. “Mummy and father always followed his whims on where to go on holiday.”
“Yeah…” Sherlock replied or “We could interview those kids.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “The parent has been calling him all this time. He wasn’t answering his communique. He looks nervous though.”
….As a kid, my partner, Sherlock Holmes boarded to school; aided by his parents. He saw so much, how young children were physically abused by headmasters for a ridiculous reason. But even he was shocked by how rampant the practice of sexual assault in our nation’s boardings schools is.
Mycroft sat on a chair in his morning dress in the ballroom of the Holmes Manor house; he wasn’t one of the processionals. It oddly distressed him that Sherlock hadn’t included him as one of the people on his best people list. However, he understood where Sherlock was coming from. They weren’t close, neither Sherlock nor Sherrin had a secure bond with him.
XXXXXX
“No.” Carlson looked at him. “He never told us, teenagers, as you know.”
“Never mind, Molly,” Sherlock said looking at him seriously.
Grooming, John thought. It was now in the middle of the academic year; meaning, the abused had been happening for almost five months. He shook his head.
“Well yeah…” John concurred, looking at Victor’s house. “Lock? Really?” He said, smiling.
They got down the steps, they were trying to hail a cab. Fifteen minutes later, there were no cabbies in the vicinity of Baker Street; Sherlock was getting antsy. “Sherlock, calm down,” John said. “I would be calling Mycroft for a car, okay, Love?”
“I don’t play games for lesser minds,” Sherlock said.
xxxxxxxx
Today, however, they were in Virginia for the surrogate’s appointment. They were seated on uncomfortable chairs. The doctor probed Danielle’s belly with the ultrasound wand. They were hoping for the two orange sized fetuses to be healthy. John was nervously tapping his foot on the floor, waiting for the results.
The woman went to defend Mycroft, however Mycroft stopped her with a hand on the arm. “No, Mel, it was my fault.”
They entered inside a carriage. They were lucky that it was late enough that the tube was empty, and they had somewhere to sit.
“The case is moving as fast as it can be.” He sighed; he was extremely tired somehow.
“It was this old abandoned boarding school. You know, Sherlock, what the hardest part was?” he asked, laughing bitterly. “They employ a lot of pseudoscience with children.”
His mother gave him a big smile. "Does she cook?"
Like today, Sherlock wasn’t wearing any clothing except for a dressing gown and underwear. He didn’t seem to have any interest in food either. “You want to eat?”
John thought for a while. “Okay, I have it already.”
A couple of hours later, he was standing at her door.  “Mum?”
Sherlock glared but the two other men laughed. “When did you two become intimate,” John asked Victor when they quieted out.
“So what happened?”
John followed Mycroft to an ICU cubicle where Sherlock was laying comatose, tubes snaking his badly beaten body. John crumpled to the ground and punched Mycroft again.
I woke up early today as it is my first day of the last year of my medical training. The year has been tough. Father, who was a doctor, and a very successful one at that lost all of our money. My father lost millions. I don’t know what to think about that, knowing that my father lost everything by drinking and betting.
Sherrin scoffed. “Mycroft, as smart as he is, doesn’t know shit.”
John lent towards him and hugged him tightly. “I know.”
“Dizzy and my stomach feels like it could eat itself alive,” said Sherlock with a pout.
After paying for the rooms, he followed Sherlock up in the lifts.  As soon as John was inside the room, Sherlock lay on the bed and fell asleep.
At five in the afternoon, when the crowd was leaving, he looked at me and grabbed my hand and pressed my lips to his. I looked at him surprised. I will admit, it was a bit different to when I kissed him earlier.
John nodded. “Oh, amazing, Sherlock, amazing.”
Sherlock shook his head, minusculely. “How many kids have you placed in your career?
John made his presence known. He looked at Mycroft and said, “Get out of my flat.” in his best captain’s voice.
This was the hardest thing he’d do for Sherlock and probably the last. He knew that when Sherlock was little he was in a psych ward because of his autism. As a result he always had a visceral reaction to doctors and he was the only doctor Sherlock trusted.
“I love you too, Sherlock,” John said.
She sighed and sounded apologetic. “Mr Holmes, our younger son has autism; we need to send Maximilian to boarding school so that we could focus on Chase.”
Kate heard the exchange and asked. “You okay Sherlock?”
“Do you have matching ones?” he asked.
Sherlock frowned. “Is Moran dead?”
They could not rent 221 Baker Street anymore because even if Sherlock’s balance improved, the Achilles injury gave him chronic pain. Also, regaining his level of agility was very hard. So they bought a flat in a high-rise with a lift near Regents Park. He and Sherlock would miss the Baker Street flat but needs must.
Maximilian shrugged. “Schoolwork and he wanted to know about my family.”
Sherlock looked at his sister while he was fixing his bow, and nodded. He gestured at me to sit down. I pulled out the chair and sat down.
“Yes, who’s this?” the agent said. John heard rustling on the other end.
They walked from the hospital to their rental car; Sherlock held John’s hand the whole walk.
“Yes, John, I am alright,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
He thought back to what Mycroft had told him when he and Sherlock had first gotten together last Christmas. “My brother has the intelligence of a professor, but what is he doing? Solving crimes,” Mycroft had said with a sneer; he was right.
“Sherlock. You. Are Going. To. Hospital,” John said over-enunciating the words.
Sherlock had reassured John countless times that although Willow had deficits in communication and speech, her IQ test was advanced for her age.  He wasn’t worried about her. Their daughter was a great kid.
“So, What was the percentage of teachers who abused their Students?” John asked.
“Thank you, Sir,” Sherlock said; he stood up and shook the man’s hand.
“Okay,” John said, hugging and kissing him. “Let's go. One more question,   you on medication, then?”
I went and ordered us drinks. I saw Sherlock looking at me with such love that I nearly froze. I really hoped to god I could love him like he deserved.
They drove in companionable silence interjected with laughter and games. Sherlock was funny and he wasn’t trying to be. They got to Denver after almost twenty hours of driving.
The next morning, when John woke Sherlock up, it was already three. He’d checked on Sherlock’s concussion three times; he was all fine. However, they needed to get going if they wished to be in Denver by night time.
They were better off as friends and friends they remained. In fact, Victor had helped him  during his exile. Victor was the one who had rescued him from Serbia. Sherlock was very grateful. “Yes,” he told Victor with a sigh. “I need to be going. Nice to see you again, Vic.”
Sherlock drove and John sat on the passenger seat thinking about the anger Sherlock showed earlier today. They arrived at the hospital after a five minute drive.
John drove from Scotland Yard to Baker Street without incident. As soon as they got inside the flat; Sherlock sat down on his chair, and turned on the laptop; began to type the website Victor gave him.
“I am glad to be leaving. I am done with you and your fucking hatred. You want to accept  call but for now I am leaving.  I don’t need your approval anyway.” With that John stormed out of her house with the intention of never returning. He left as his  mother started crying.
John looked at Sherlock who shrugged. “We have a case; we need your help with.”
John took a deep breath. “As I told you yesterday, I was thirteen years old when I was seen by my father jerking off with a picture of an actor who was really cute.  Harry, my sister, came out that year. It just piled up, I guess. He brought me to Norfolk the next day with bruises still fresh.”
John walked the seventeen steps and opened the door a man and a woman stood husband and wife; that much was clear. “What can I help you with?”
“It's only seven thirty, love.” Then John looked at him. He really looked at him. Sherlock was still in his pajamas from the night before. “Sherlock, I think there’s something really wrong with you.”
The day was just starting; the sun rising in the east. Sherlock was asleep in the rental car. John drove. It was like driving to ends except there was no end in sight. It reminded him of the Beatles song, ‘The Long And Winding Road’.
Sherlock dutifully went upstairs to their bedroom. John followed him up. “Sherlock?”
“What?” I asked. I turned to Sherlock. “What happened?” I gave him my phone.
He was jiggling his foot and playing with the hem of the coat he would wear even if the day was hot. John looked at his partner worriedly as the long and winding road went on and on.
“This guy, Mr Andersen? Sherlock?” His hand was shaking.
After they had recovered from this bout of mind-blowing sex; Sherlock said. “I need to see Lestrade today.”
“What happened last year, Ms. Starr, when he was working in the family business?” Greg asked, glaring at Sherlock.
`The room’s quiet was palpable. No one dared to speak a word. After a minute, John said, “How did Mycroft Holmes tell you?”
Sherlock waved his hand. “John, what happened?”
Not beating around the bush, John asked, “Do you have Autism?”
John gaged Sherlock’s mood from the rocking. Ever since his return Sherlock would rock more when he was upset; PTSD symptoms in people with Autism included regression. He was rocking more vigorously now.
They drove to the nearest hotel in Columbus, Ohio. John didn’t like that they were still far from Springfield, Illinois. However, they were both tired and annoyingly so.
“It made sense now,” John mused. Autism and ADHD had a lot of symptoms that were similar to one another, especially in milder cases of autism. He changed the subject from Sherlock to what Sherrin had been doing.
“No problem, love,” John said. “I could but I didn’t want to be an idiot, besides the past is the past.”
Today, Sherlock and I are going to a Halloween party. I am very excited for him, because he hadn’t gone to one for years. I asked him why and he told me that he didn’t have anyone to go with until today.
“Now, time to meet John,” Sherlock said out loud. He texted John while he sat inside a cab. Meet me at Angelo’s tonight - 7:30, SH.
Sherlock glared at the man with such recreation that the man flinched. “Sherrinford Vernet,” Sherlock introduced himself and then he pointed at John. “This is Jack Wilson.”
He looked around the A&E for Sherlock who had bolted to the nearest supply cupboard. He found Sherlock five minutes later rocking and humming. “Love, are you alright?”
“As sure as I could be based on this is book according to his Facebook, yes,” Sherlock said.
8 September 2013
Lestrade cut him off. “Yes, Sherlock. You know I want to get these sick bastards, right?”
Today, Greg was in the condo with them discussing a case. “A body was found today in Kensington Garden,” Greg said in frustration. “I need your help, Sherlock. Will you come and see the scene?"
xxxxx
“Sir?” one of the doctors said. Sherlock wore a very stylish and discreet medical alert bracelet. The doctor, as per usual, didn’t see his bracelet. The doctor put a hand on his shoulder. BIG MISTAKE.
“Yes, I am dressing.”
“I am fine, John.” He snarled. “This idiots could solve it, Lestrade.” He said; gesturing to Greg’s and his team.
“I saw Irene this morning,” he typed on my phone and showed me. “I want you as my aid.” He looked very lost.
Milverton glanced at the CVs. “If you could start now, I would definitely appreciate the help.”
Angelo saw them entered. “Sherlock, John!!”
“Sherlock,” he whispered soundlessly because if Sherlock did the blinking thing he was very sensitive.  “Come on, I promise you. Your brother or mother aren’t here. They would never know.”
“Maybe 150?” Sherlock handed the phone to Lestrade.
She had sighed, sounding a little pained. “Johnny, I will talk to her.”
I fetched Sherlock from his single dorm room. Sherlock was wearing a Captain Hook Costume with his phone hanging from his neck like a cross. “You look good, Sherlock,” I said, ogling him.
“What do you mean?"
“You're really didn’t figure that out?” Sherlock asked quietly.
“London,” Sherlock said, smirking.
Sherlock took a sip of his coffee. It took him a long time to answer Greg’s question. “You’re right. However, I want to assist with cases in a much more… legitimate way.”
A couple of hours later found John in bed with Sherlock.  He glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was ten-thirty at night.  Sherlock stirred beside him.
John rubbed his palm on the wheel. “Yes, I was fourteen years old; Dad found me jacking off with a picture of Richard Burton.” John’s eyes were wistful. “He was so handsome.”
Mrs Martha Hudson who was dear to his brother and his brother in law entered. The emotion on her face was evident.
We immediately interviewed the young man; he told us about this website. We checked it out. Sherlock was shocked to see kids and adults….
“Okay,” the doctor said and left to order a nurse to strap Sherlock in the bed.
A woman’s voice answered. “I am the manager…”
"Well, the autism was why he became non-verbal," John commented offhandedly
“Did Mr Holmes found anything substantial?” Andreka sounded as if, she knew what was up.
Sherlock nodded turned to John. “Brave kid.” He told his partner.
“But…” John said but Sherlock stood up. “Can I see your face, love?” Sherlock, who was facing the car door, looked at his nose and shook his head. “No, Sherlock, I am looking at your face.” John said in his captain’s voice.
“Okay, But, are you going to be fine?”
“Yes,” John said. As he stood up gathering his things in his bag, he asked, “Did you eat?”  John had to remind him to eat most days.
”Dangerous levels. Enough to kill you,” Greg read. “Lambert was skinny,” Greg mused.
Meanwhile, Sherlock opened his eyes and took the phone from John’s hand. “Go to hell, Mikey.” He hung up.
Sherlock’s HIV meds were working and the side effects were minimal. However Sherlock and John knew that this set of medication would not work forever. They had to just take one day at a time.
Sherlock winced a bit with the shoulder movement. “They twisted my damm arm.” John looked at the arm and kissed it softly.
Greg sighed and looked at John. “What do you want me to do?”
In that moment, John understood. he couldn’t bear the thought that his daughter, however autistic she might have been, being put through that. Still, he wanted to hear Sherlock’s argument on the matter. Playing devil’s advocate, he said, “What’s wrong with complying to the norm?”
“Thank you.” After a while, Sherlock was alone with his laptop again, as Lestrade had gone to visit Molly.
“Ah, Mr. Milverton is waiting for you." John thanked the man for his help.
Sherlock grabbed John’s sunglasses off of his t-shirt and stood up. John followed him out. Sherlock’s eyes were downcast.
In the end, TSA had arrested Sherlock for not cooperating with the agent. John had to explain very swiftly and quietly that Sherlock had Autism, and was a torture survivor.
Sherlock huffed. “I don’t need to go to hospital, John.”
On the third day, while they were at the hotel eating, they were talking about Carter’s predicament when Sherlock said he wasn’t sure if the child was still alive.
John saw Sherlock blinked; once, twice and three times, and shook his head. He looked at from the corner of his eye; with concern evident in his features. “What?”
John looked at the younger Holmes brother. “It’s not his fault," he shouted suddenly. “He has AUTISM.” Beside John, Sherlock glared.
John shook his head.
By six in the morning, they were nearing the border of Indiana and Illinois. Next to him, Sherlock was waking up. “Where are we?” Sherlock asked.
As soon as he looked down the smile was gone. “He told me he would kill them if I tell.”
They climbed in the car and was silent for the drive to Baker Street. Sherlock looked at him at one point. “I wasn’t a target, because Mycroft warned  them.” He said that quietly. “I am just…”
John looked up at the clock on the dash. “It says here that it’s four in the afternoon.”
In the ambulance, Sherlock woke up for a bit. John was holding his hand. “Sherlock, it's alright."
The butler came to get us. He was quiet and Sherlock scowled at him. Sherlock texted me something, ‘Don’t engage them.’ I nodded my head. Then we were walking up wide sets of stairs. Sherlock was hugged by a teenager with straight black hair and blue-green eyes. “Lock,” She said.
They got dressed hastily, because it was getting late. They needed to be in Utah by late afternoon, four at the latest, because they needed to finalise the whole their mission.
We did a Beatles song next, it was a McCartney composition, For No One. Sherlock sang it beautifully.  How could a person be non-verbal and sing so gracefully. This was amazing. I got so teary eyed while I was accompanying him.
John returned to the car to see three huge burly men punching Sherlock. They were laughing at him. He met Sherlock’s gaze in the dim lighting of the parking lot; his partner looked pleadingly at him.
——————
“Sherlock’s here.”
“Yes, I mean; We were young. I was fifteen; you were sixteen.” Sherlock said.
“Yes…” Victor said, chuckling.
“He did well… considering,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock left the hospital after three more days of observation. They elected to go to Virginia to see Danielle, their surrogate mother.
Greg sighed. “We need you to look at this case file.”
John saw Sherlock’s eyes open and  he sat on Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock said, “You are looking at my diplomas and wondering why I was solving crimes instead of teaching or doing research.” He sat up.
“Oh, Sherlock, you duff git,” John said. “I’m not angry with you - I'm angry with your brother.”
John was working at the clinic downstairs and they were going to catch up later at the canteen for lunch. That had been their routine.
“No,” Victor looked at John seriously. “However, he is still my best friend and I care about him so much.” He was looking at John protectively.
THANK YOU. BETH
John, of course, was shocked; he shook Victor’s hand. While Victor led them inside his beautiful home. “You can sit wherever you want,” Victor said looking towards them. “I will make you guys a cup of tea.”
Sherlock and John had been crossing the western world for almost a year; it had been a fun ride. Despite the many difficulties and near disasters, they had survived. After this, they could go back home to London.
“So so, I am just bored. Can we go home, back to London.”
“Sherlock!” John said warningly. “We need to get the police’s head; you aren’t doing this alone, and besides Greg would help us get a warrant.”
“Yes…”
John came up to Sherlock and kissed his lips. Sherlock sighed contentedly. They were kissing when someone cleared their throat. “Mycroft, what a timing!” John said angrily.
“Watson, no.” Anderson was fearfully trembling and looking at John. John just shrugged, and Sherlock pleaded with his eyes as John put his hands on Anderson’s neck ready to strangle him.
The answer was instant. “911. What is your emergency?” said the operator.
“No, I invited you here, because you were one of my best students.”
John sighed. “Are you sure?”
“What’s going on here?” John asked, a bit annoyed.
John looked at Sherlock and continued. “He panicked. He ran through New York City like it was London.”
He sighed. If he could not run around with the police he would just work for Mycroft. He thought about it for a minute. He liked the cases for Mycroft; they were more interesting. Plus John would be there.
John smirked at him. “You erase his name in your mind palace. I meant Greg; our friend from Scotland Yard."
John drove them to the camp grounds where they would work as camp counsellors for the kids. It was a dusty, wretchedly dull place. They had three more counsellors but they were dull. John shook his head and almost huffed at himself.
“Yes. So, you know why I am here, brother mine?” Mycroft said with the poshest, condescending voice. “I want you to help find him in America.”
Victor looked at Sherlock and back to John. “Sherlock…” Victor was uncertain of what he would say to his friend. “It’s your brother.” He said very quietly.
Greg had asked his superiors if Sherlock could be here and they'd agreed.
“What’s the condition at Heathrow at that time? Is it busy?” John asked, looking at Sherlock who glared at him.
Carter was the most injured of the bunch with intensive injury throughout his body, dehydration and internal bleeding being one of his worst.
“Let’s go.” They were being led by a young man, not  older than twenty, into  Milverton’s office.
“Okay, we should be there in forty-five. Bye.” John turned to Sherlock. “Now, get your coat, we’re leaving.” It would seem like he was ordering Sherlock around, however, his partner has a problem with executive functioning.
“John, Sherlock looks really bad,” Greg said as John was leading him to the lift.
Sherlock nodded; he turned to Victor. “What are your findings?”
He could hear a very familiar voice. “Check his bracelet: he’s not psychotic, he’s autistic and in sensory overload. You can not use haloperidol on him,” John said.
John scrunched his face in worry. “You don’t have to go, Sherlock," John said.
John wanted to scream in frustration. “I can’t, I just can’t. I just admitted I love you.”
He thought for a bit and type. “1798.”
“No…” John’s voice changed.
Sherlock and John's gazes were on her face. “We? You included?”
Kate wrote down everything they told her. “So, you think it was a part of Moriarty’s network?”
John, curiosity evident now, asked, “Did something like this happen when he was younger?”
The sat at her office chairs. Andreka began speaking; “I am really sorry, Our son, we needed to send him to boarding school.”
“Cases?” Greg sounded flummox.
He needed to get a hold of his emotion because he couldn’t see like that. He went upstairs and took a deep breath.  He opened the door to his husband’s room. The doctor was inside and Sherlock was awake and conscious.
John looked flabbergasted. “Why?”
“What year is it?”
“I’ll tell you later,” John said. “He is a normal adult with some trouble with sensory input, like the sounds and lights.”
Sherlock had been looking at the body but he  turned to John when he said boyfriend. John looked at everyone and everybody was looking at him. Greg and Hopkins (one of the Sargeants that didn’t hate Sherlock) beamed at them.
Sherlock and John had just landed in Richmond International Airport; their children were being born today. Their New York City Doctor called them, as well as their surrogate Danielle. They hopped onto the first available flight.
The next person they had checked is a man by the name of A. Atkins. Sherlock wrote the person’s name on his second computer after he found Mr Atkins on Facebook. He was still teaching at a special education centre in London.
“When should I be allowed out of this hell?” Sherlock said changing the subject abruptly.
“No. I’m fine, John.”
“I know,” John said. The lift door opened to the second floor where the boy’s room was located.
Sherlock looked at John. With a sigh of resignation, he said, “I think he ought to know. But not through the air, in person, we can invite him over for dinner tonight.”
Sherlock looked at the rings. “I’ll take them." He paid for the rings. He gave Lestrade’s office address.
Mary looked up from where she was looking at her menu and smiled. “Yes, I hope, we were 40-34…”
His brothers, John’s sister and Mrs Hudson were waiting for them; they ran towards the group. Sherlock exchanged a look with Mycroft over Sherrin’s head.
“Did you ask him what he would do with the container of chlorine?” Greg asked.
Greg nearly spluttered all over the table. He said, “Sherlock, what do you want to do? I mean, when your kids are older?”
Mycroft blinked; once, twice. “How did you know?” He asked.
Sherlock shrugged. “Sorta both,” the detective said. “I have Sensory Processing Disorder, John.”
“I read John’s article on the Guardian, Sherlock and I hope the police would get them,” Mycroft said. He was holding up a tablet for them to read. “Boarding Schools, A Safe Haven for Paedophiles.”
John flinched, frozen by Sherlock’s words. There was a lot of meaning in what he said. However, before  he could parcel his words, Sherlock bolted. “Sherlock,” John followed Sherlock inside the hotel.
Sherlock strode out of his laboratory looking as though he saw a ghost. “What?” He asked looking at John and Mrs Hudson and back again and he was frowning with suspicion.
End of Chapter two
John clasped Sherlock’s hand so as to not shed a single tear. “I can’t believe this is happening to me,” he whispered in Sherlock’s ear.
Sherlock halted his pace and thought about it for a moment. He nodded his head. “I don’t like my hands messy," he mumbled, eyes downcast.
“Hey?” I said, crouching down next to the younger man. “William, right?”
“Why?” John asked. He didn’t like to be bossed around, and besides it was Mycroft Holmes.
“No, I didn’t put a chip on him, John,” Mycroft said. His face flashed momentarily with something akin to anger, before schooling his face into a frown. “Anthea had put a camera on him. She made him swallow a pill; she was already suspicious. Carter told her that Peter wanted to bring him to a camp in Utah or somewhere in the wild west. That was three days before Carter left for the summer.”
I met the man for lunch. “Sherlock,” I said and his aid Irene Adler sat on the other table next to us on the right.
—————
John slept; while Sherlock thought about their current case, until the wee hours of the morning.
People were clapping, and Angelo showed up from chaplain. That evening was one of  the best evenings of John's life.
"I asked Mycroft," Sherrin said.
“Okay. You can go,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock, what’s going on?”John asked, but Sherlock held John’s hand and ran. When they were in an alleyway, Sherlock spoke.
John could hear Kate reciting the famed Miranda warnings as he and Sherlock entered the house. “You have the right to remain silent…”
After the meal they climbed in the car; the drive to the yard was quiet. Sherlock was tapping his fingers of his right hand in the cars handles. John was observing him debating. “Are you alright?” He asked;  when the park at they visitor's lot at New Scotland Yard.
He could never be a househusband; his mind would disintegrate. He couldn't imagine himself as a professor, like his mother and Sherrin. Sherlock shuddered at the thought.
Supermarket buying food, Sherlock.
——————————————————
Sherlock is an amazing dancer. He moved as well as he can sing or play a musical instrument and people were noticing.
“We need to go, love. It’s now four o’clock in the morning.”
“Could I have my smoothie from earlier, John?”
John and Sherlock sat at Willow’s developmental paediatrician’s office waiting for the results of her autism evaluation.
John nodded; he stood up and started to the kitchen. “I’ll make fish and chips and you are going to eat them, Sherlock.”
“Oh, okay,” John huffed. He put on  a condom from their night stand and startled Sherlock on his hips.
December 23rd.
Sherlock looked at him like he was stupid. “Why write a book cypher? Something is happening at Newton. Think, John?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asked, angry now. However, his phone rang. “We’re not done here.” He told his partner. “Hello?”
“All right,” Mycroft sighed and walked away.
The doctor confirmed John’s findings, grinning. “Well, Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson, you are going to have two beautiful baby sons.”
“According to this file,” Mike glanced at the file he was holding. “Oh, just a couple of words, he uses a tablet or his laptop to speak but he’s one of the best students in the whole of his program. Top of his class last year.”
“Oh, nice to hear from you, John. What’s up?”
John was annoyed. “Why?”
In the afternoon, Sherlock had a meltdown and ran from the house without any plum. I know that he loved to run but, without his phone, we couldn’t locate him.
Sherlock and John turned their backs at Greg. “Yes.”
“To the music room. I know you play piano, I can see that you have pianist fingers,” he replied through the iPad, looking at me directly which I thought was unnatural for him.
“I said,” John grinned, “let’s play rock, paper, scissors to determine who’ll go first…”
The two checked into a hotel wherein Sherlock wanted to talk. Sherlock looked at John, who said, “No, not right now, love, okay.” Sherlock huffed and sulked.
Sherlock sighed. “Headaches, dizziness,” he admitted; studying at John sheepishly.
They entered the lifts, with Sherlock on the brink of a meltdown. “Sherlock, love,  I know you cannot….”
“Yes, I am.”
Sherlock examined the car. “It is a teenager in there, John. Maybe sixteen or seventeen. He’s with a girl. He stole this car from a parent, and the parent had been calling him.”
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “I don’t know yet, Mycroft, however, he is alive and conscious. “
“How was your day?”
John cleared the coffee table of the cups. A few minutes later, Sherlock reappeared in the sitting area. “Where are we?” John asked.
John hesitated but he moved to the right side in order for Sherlock to sit himself on the driver's side.
“Okay,” Said John, following Sherlock into their bathroom. They showered while touching each other. John went down on his knees kissing Sherlock down there. Sherlock shouted his name.
“Mum, I am gay,” he said, looking at his mother. “And I won’t let you put my relationship down.”
“Just on call,” Mike said. “Why are you here?”
He saw Sherlock type Kingsley Andersen on the Facebook search bar. “Dammit,’ Sherlock hissed looking at John with anger in his eyes. “He is still working in Yorkshire.”
John, why? GL
However, Sherlock continued. “You may question why am I telling you. I want you to know I regretted the jump.”  He was nervously tapping his fingers on the steering wheel. “I am sorry, John, if I could change what happened with Moriarty I would, so that we could be together,” Sherlock said moving his fingers on the car’s leather interior.
“I want you to apply for a position at the camp,” his brother said.
She looked at John with pity, as if to say, 'why are you putting up with this'.
“So, Sherlock, How old were you when you Mycroft left for school?” John asked, pressing his luck.
Victor looked at him and then he shrugged and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock nodded. “We…”
Mycroft sounded grim. “Carter is in danger. Anthea called Peter and he confirmed that he had brought him to a conversion camp. I did my own research and what I found was horrid, Sherlock.”
After getting their rental, they went to Mycroft’s flat. John wanted to go to the bedroom and sleep. However, Sherlock had different plans. Turning on his laptop, Sherlock researched wilderness camp.
Three days later, Sherlock and John joined Greg in the interrogation room.  John sat outside while listening to his husband and the DI. Sherlock had told John already this would be their last case with the MET.
Sherlock wore a polo and jeans, a far cry from his suit and dress shirt, while John wore a long sleeve tee and jeans. They had underdressed on purpose. They were both sporting thick beards which Sherlock hated.
The plane ride from Los Angeles International to Heathrow was uneventful. Sherlock and John were both excited and anxious to be back on their home turf. When they landed at the airport, there were people waiting for them; it wasn’t just their family but there were also fans of John’s blog.
After recovering from the high, John pulled away and started towelling their bodies. “I am going to be calling Andreka.” John said.
Sherlock followed John inside of the camp’s headquarters. They were stopped by a tall African-American man who was wearing a camp shirt. “Hi, How can we help you?”
We walked from the conservatory to the busy canteen. My companion, as soon as we were inside, put his hands on his ears. “Oh, Sherlock,” I said, escorting him outside.
An attendant came from the back of the plane and gave John a glass of water. John took the glass from the attendant’s hand and handed the glass to his partner. Sherlock took it.
“Its Saturday, pancake day!” John knew Sherlock loved his routine at breakfast at least.
“Why not?” John asked.
The road the lift up, to the fourth floor, to Andrea's office. they let themselves in after she indicated that they should. Sherlock started talking without preamble, “Why did you leave out Beyond The Graveyard by Gracie Cooper?”
Sherlock got the book out of its plastic wrapping. “I’ll be the one to decipher the book; You write.” He started deciphering the code. “page 31, line 11, and 3rd word. HELP.” He continued with his work, until the end.
“For what, love?”
After about a minute, Sherlock disentangled and sat on the couch. Taking a deep breath, he explained. “We were investigating a case, a mother and father brought a cypher to our notice. When we decode the cypher, it became clear that the kid was being molested by a teacher.” Sherlock said quietly.
“What happened last month?” John asked.
“I know,” What could he say? Sherlock was saying the right thing. That was sentiment he had shared.
“John,” Sherlock said., I loved hearing my name spoken by him. I know he practised my saying it, though it didn’t come naturally for him. And he typed, “be right back, I’ll just get my violin.”
Sherlock looked and rolled his eyes and signed. “I’ll be there in 5 minutes.”
“What’s up with ABA therapy? Do you have any experience with it? Because you know…” Sherlock cut him off and sighed.
“No,” Sherlock sighed. “There. Is. Nothing. Wrong. With. Me,” he said forcefully. “I am not going to be used by you doctors again.” He strode off to the hotel.
“Sherlock!” John said in shock as Sherlock burrowed his head into the mattress and promptly fell asleep. John sighed and gave Sherlock’s body a tight squeeze. “Good night, love.”
Sherlock sighed. “I am just thinking about what Lestrade or Donavan and Anderson would say if they knew about my diagnosis.”
Victor barked out a bitter laugh. “Until all boarding schools are close.”
“We will be meeting him here tomorrow..”
The next evening they were invited to Kate’s hotel bar for drinks. They said they would come. So, there they were at the heart of Mormon town.
“Okay, Sherlock, your boredom is palpable here,” John said from the driver's seat of their rental car.
Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief, then said, “I will admit I have Autism if you admit our relationship to NSY, to the surgery, your army mates and to your mother and Harry.”
“The worst thing was knowing that you had gone through it too. I know ABA therapy and conversion therapy is not the same, but the toll emotionally for people who are different is hard,” Sherlock whispered.
“Yes, I will. Bye.” He hung up his phone.
Sherlock looked at John very deliberately and said, “Carter is in a conversion camp, and Mycroft wants us to infiltrate the place.
Sherlock looked at him. “If we found something then…”
“Sherlock,” John said, worriedly, trying to catch Sherlock’s eye which Sherlock averted. “You’re hurting yourself, love. Can you tell me about it?”
“Sherlock, What’s wrong?” John asked.
Sherlock showed up in the doorway. “My brain is rutting; I need a case.”
“It's noisy and also they won’t be able to help me there,” Sherlock said, looking at him pleadingly.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said again. “for sticking by me through thick and thin. Through nightmares and flashbacks, through an unthinkable, at least for me, illness that will probably kill me, not today but many years from now. I love you, John. Merry Christmas,” Sherlock said, tears pouring down his face.
Three days later, Daniel Gokey was arrested and charged with the two murders.
“There isn’t a cure for HIV, John. They don’t need to gawk at the AIDS patient,” Sherlock hissed.
—————————————
They both climbed down the stairs down to the flat. They were preparing to leave when a knock on the front door alerted them. “Mycroft,” Sherlock said scowling.
“Are you busy, Mikey? Because Sherlock’s wedding is in two weeks. DI Lestrade, John’s friend Mike Stanford and I have a problem.”
“What do you remember?” John asked.
“What other location?” Sherlock asked the boy.
Sherlock nodded his head. “I am fine, John. I am good.”
Sherlock looked at him. “The first year I was in university, I read chemistry. Then an ex-boyfriend.” He smiled sadly, remembering Victor. “Victor’s father was murdered while we were at uni. I was studying Chemistry at that time, and then a forensics psychologist interviewed me. I became intrigued by the trade."
He was abused as a child and, it was plain to see, a victim of religious ideology. His experience at camp shaped him, like those kids in Anazazi. His mind was mired with images of the camp; he had already had two nightmares already.
“Sherlock,” John said in a warning tone.
Sherlock forgave him. As he soothed his lover, he wondered about the love Sherlock had in him. Sherlock’s love for him was vast and true. How could people like Donovan and Anderson think him a psychopath for liking murders? The answer was completely false and Sherlock was not correcting them. It was so mind-boggling. He made a mental note to tell them off.
“You need to eat, Sherlock, love.”
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “We need to negotiate terms.” He looked at John with a ‘you know what' expression.
the DI sighed. “There was a murder in Region’s park..” He looked at Sherlock and back to John.
He just sat in his home office feeling crappy. Sherlock sighed and stood up and went to their bedroom. He should just sleep, so that’s what he did. He hoped John would come back home.
xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx
He shrugged, tapping his fingers on his arm.
John thought about it for a moment. “Okay, Let’s go. We would take the car with us.” Sherlock followed John to the garage.
Sherlock blinked blurry eyes on John. “Good morning.”
My Heart is a Ghost Town
The spell ended near Columbus when Sherlock tapped him three times. He turned and Sherlock was signing BSL for food.
He cut her off. “I don’t know, mum. I know I love him and it doesn’t matter to me if he is a guy. “
John sighed and began talking. He told Kate about the precipitating events and ended his account by saying; “We need you to call NYPD so that we can see what we can do about this.”
“Maybe tomorrow, love.”
They sat in Temple Square; they hoped to catch Mary Morstan, one of the network’s department heads. Her department was child trafficking.
Hi, John
Reluctantly, Sherlock stood up and made his way to the hotel bathroom, John following. By mutual agreement, the two lovers bathe at the same time, washing each other's bodies.
I frowned at her. Sherlock was non-verbal and they wanted him to speak. What the hell? And meanwhile, Sherlock dutifully said the words.
Mr. Carl Andrew Milverton was tall, dark and somewhat handsome, if you didn’t know who he was. John looked at Sherlock beside him who’s face was ashen and very pale. “Sherlock, are you, okay? John asked.
When John said nothing, he confirmed. “I was working in intelligence.” His doctor looked incredulous and Sherlock snapped. “I know you just want to believe I got HIV from having sex all the time with other people because I am gay but I was dismantling a criminal enterprise worth millions. I was… I was sexually assaulted.”
Carter was thinner and taller than he remembered and was sitting at the table reading a bible. “Sherlock,” said the boy standing up. “Why are you here?”
John nodded to the nurse. She looked at him with sympathy which gritted on John’s nerves.
When Greg left after discussing the case, Sherlock was tired. John helped him to bed. The next morning, it was six o’clock when Sherlock got a text from Greg about their unidentified person case.
To: doctorjohnwatson@NHS.com.uk
“So, how can we look for our perp?” Greg asked.
John and Sherlock left the hospital after three days They moved to Sherlock’s childhood home near Kensington Garden. Baker Street would not accommodate Sherlock on crutches. John quit his job at the local surgery.
Mycroft sat as the processional piece was playing. The music was composed by Sherlock and performed by a full orchestra. The first person to enter was Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade in his Westcott; walking with him was first lieutenant William Murray, then Dr Michael Stanford and Dr Molly Hooper. She wore a blue dress and a hat; it was identical to the men’s bow ties .
I had planned the perfect first date in a small bistro with music. Sherlock loved playing music in front of a crowd.
Mycroft just smiled. ”Yes, it will be clear today.”
Sherlock looked at the piece of paper. “Ah… It’s a book cypher.” John lent in to see what was the matter. “Do you know what book it is, sir?”
“Dizzy, and I think I want to throw up.”
John had a long day at St. Barts; he just wanted to have a quiet night with at home with Sherlock. He was walking home when Mycroft’s car stopped him. “Get in,” Mycroft said opening the window.
“We have to go, John.” Sherlock scuffed, but he went and pick up one of Mrs Hudson’s pastries. John smiled to himself.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of frustration and sat in his armchair. “It's proof I can’t manage on my own.”
He gave John a playful smile. “No, I’m too nervous and excited.”
He and Sherlock had spent four more days in the US, closing out the case
“Yes, I am. They are making me like this.”
Sherlock looked at his former teacher. “Victor and his attorney, they are planning to sue the IBSC. If I could ask Mycroft to join them; I promise you; I am bringing this organization down. Then Sherlock walked out.
Sherlock sighed. “A ring. I am going to propose to John, maybe next time I take him to Angelo’s.”
“Yes, we are,” John said. His soon-to-be husband had been accepted into a speciality training in Forensics at King’s College. He was proud of his John.
They came to another stop at a strip mall near the border of Colorado and Utah. “Breakfast time," John said. It was nearing ten in the morning and they had only had cookies and a cup of coffee from Starbucks.
His mother was there when the two men arrived. Sherlock and John made eye contact. “I’ll talk to her,” he said at the same time as Sherlock said, “I’ll talk to him.”  They smiled at each other.
Sherlock and the other met officers looked at him with different mindsets. The Met officers and Greg looked at him with horror while Sherlock looked with admiration. Donavan and Anderson looked at John with horror.
“What? Is this for his stag do?” Mycroft had a bored voice on. That tone reminded Sherrin that Mycroft shouldn’t be trusted on these types of issues. He knew, however, that Mycroft was the person to call.
The driver let John down at the house; before he entered the house, John said; “Mycroft, I would talk to Sherlock"
“It's NHS protocol when a positive test comes back for HIV we do it twice. Your blood came back positive twice. I am so sorry.”
He sat beside Sherlock and began his research. The query he typed on Mr Jack Landon. He was but he wasn’t surprised that Landon still teaches at a private day school outside of the borough. “Hell no,” John exclaimed.
John looked up from his phone; he laughed hollowly. “Mycroft, I am not your brother’s minder, I am his partner.”
“I’m an idiot. I should have seen it.”
“How much chlorine was in Lambert’s system?”
“What meds?” She said, curiously.
“Yes, let’s go to bed, shall we?” He held up a hand and Sherlock took it. Hand in hand, they went to their bedroom.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked, looking at his fiancé.
John sighed. “Okay, love…”
The doctor came in holding her file. She had a dog and a cat with her partner as a way to test the water on having children, Sherlock deduced.
Sherlock blinked three times and shook his head. John was alert giving Sherlock a warning look. When Sherlock recovered; he asked, “What did you tell Mycroft?”
John woke up around nine; Sherlock was looking at him with searching blue-green eyes. “Good morning, Sherlock, how’re you feeling today?”
—-————————-
A couple of minutes later, the plane landed. He held Sherlock’s hand in his, rubbing circular motions into his palm.
Sherlock nodded. “What?”
John ordered; he left Sherlock on the table. His partner was tapping the fingers of his left hand on the table while holding his phone in his right checking out the website. John smiled. He thought Sherlock looked like a high ranking CEO.
John’s life was simple and normal, two years after his husband’s sudden death. He had a nice paying job and Sherlock’s trust. And he had his friends, Greg, Mrs Hudson, Molly and Mike.
Sherlock opened the bin where the books were kept. “First we need to find the book.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock sighed. “Umm…. I’m still sleeping, John,” he said looking at him.
John just nodded. He walked slowly, the phone burning in his pocket. Sherlock would not like this. 'Where did he pick this up. Did I give it to him?' were the words inside John’s head. They weren’t sexually exclusive, for John’s benefit, because he was bisexual. It dawned in his brain.
“John, I need you to talked to my brother about attending our father’s birthday.”
“Congrats, boys,” Mrs Hudson told them as they were moving towards the Kensington Manner.
Sherlock and Greg left the building. “You need to get a warrant for Star Pool’s financial and inventory.”
The men looked at him. “This guy was a freak, autistic. Rocking inside the car,” one of the men said and the other two nodded their heads.
“Ah… we’re quite fine, Ms Moratti. Shall we go?” Sherlock said, moving things along.
Sherlock looked at him angrily. “When I was gone, I owed Mycroft a favour so…” Sherlock's voice trailed off when he saw the anger in John’s eyes. “John?” Sherlock asked, confused as to the cause.
Lestrade, who was sipping his tea, spat out his drink. “Wow, I just don’t know what to say. I am happy for you both.” Lestrade clapped Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock got his laptop from the coffee table, started his research. John watched patiently, as he checked Maximillian’s Facebook account, then his twitter and his Tumblr. Then he tapped John’s arm. “I got it, John, looked up Gracie Cooper’s Beyond the Graveyard.”
John went downstairs to Sherlock’s lab. He saw him in the desk chair, arms wrapped around his legs, humming a discordant tune. “Sherlock,” John said in a whisper.
Sherlock started pacing. “Ah, we should call every pool manufacturer in England for a person who bought a lot of chlorine.”
“You mean since you broke up with me?” Victor said; a tad bit bitter.
Sherlock went back to his seat.
The second time it happened was in the early morning. John hadn’t slept when Sherlock began to stir. What he was saying shook John to his core.
Sherlock glared some more at Mycroft and John. “I don’t need that,” he told John sotto voce.
The doctor advised them to go to their separate room so that Daniele wouldn’t bond with the boys.
The next morning when John woke Sherlock at nine, his partner was still asleep. Sherlock must have been coming down with a cold or flu if he was still asleep at this hour.
“Sherlock, we’re getting late,” I told him picking up his things. He is a little messy and I have known this since five years ago when Sherlock first moved in with me.
When he returned to the flat, Sherlock was playing, his violin something Bach. He loved listening to Sherlock play. He cleared his throat. “Oh, John, You’re back. Where is the book?”
“Okay.”
“Ah.. we can’t tell you, sir.”
24 December 2013
Before Sherlock could say the word, Kate Moratti, her partner Robert Bryant and the two Salt Lake police officers swarmed in to handcuff Morstan. Sherlock and John moved from the table to give the police space. They watched as their ten-month long sortie ended.
“How did this happened?” Sherlock said in a voice as gentle as ever. John looked up from where he was seated and smiled.
The medications hit Sherlock hard. John stood silently as his husband vomited on the bathroom floor. He, as a doctor, knew that this was normal with HIV medications but it was still hard.
Dr Wilson, his HIV specialist, hit the right cocktail of medication, with which he was able to work with little side effects.  He felt great with the meds he just was hoping that he would be okay for many more years.
The numbers Victor gave S/J came from the move spotlight.
Victor took a sip of his tea. “Yes, anyway, I didn’t have a father at home; Mum was in the US during this time dealing with business. Mr Landon and I just clicked. A couple of months later, in one of the performances, Mr Landon put his hand on my junk and started stroking it. A boy in six form approached, and gave Landon a glare.”
Sherlock looked at him as if he had said the kindest things about Anderson. “I want to live to see my children go to university. As you know, my mum died when I was twelve, John. I don’t want my kids to get used to living with us and then in a blink of an eye, because I offended a criminal, I get shot or something. I don’t want that risk. I need to grow up, and so do you.”
Sherlock and John left Andreka’s office with a heavy heart. On the way to the tube station, Sherlock said. “I studied at Harrow School and I wondered now, what happens to some of my classmates, I just keep to myself at school.”
“What did Mycroft want?”
“You just have a case, in the meantime, you need to eat, Sherlock.”
“No,” John said.
“They would! I promise.” He said.
John H. Watson, MD
“Right,” Sherlock said, Carlson and Andreka looked at the books. “You can pick these books up tomorrow.”
I have one more question for you. “Do you have an estimated number of members?”
John Watson was worried about Sherlock, which wasn’t new. However, Sherlock had been ill the past few weeks. He had been missing physical therapy. John just put it down to Sherlock’s erratic mood.
John slid down next to him on the bed. “I know,” said John grinning. After a minute, John asked gently, “What did Mycroft want?”
John was angry however he was also amused with how Sherlock wanted to protect John. “Next time, tell me, please.”
“Know your priority, Sherlock, huh?” Kate said, moving as well.
Sherlock nodded. “Alright, let’s play.”
“My partner is shot in the head.” The lilt of his voice wavered a bit.
John looked at him; looked at him this time. “What side effects?”
“Oh, Mike, you're on duty?”
Sherrin looked heavenwards. “He didn’t speak for a month. Our parents wanted us to be robots, like Mikey. There is nothing wrong with Mycroft, but it wasn’t us. He is more like Uncle Rudy.” The final comment was made casually
“Dr John Watson, my partner.” Sherlock introduced; the two men shake hands. “John, this is Dr Callahan, my mentor.”
“Can I ask you something, Mycroft?”
At first, John was angry; however, when Sherlock explained the whole story about the snipers and what had happened to him by Moran’s hand, he had forgiven Sherlock. In three months John watched as their relationship bloomed.
“William and I went to university together,” Victor answered.
“He was ill. I noticed it two weeks ago. Then, today, he was constantly feverish.”
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?” However, Sherlock was moving out of the office. Lestrade seized John’s arm in his. “John? Are you going to tell me what’s wrong with him?”
“I don’t know, John. When I got there, I saw Carter and he didn’t look good. I know my periphery. I saw others. I did not see them,” said Sherlock sitting down next to Carter’s bed.
Sherlock scowled, but John said, “His medication is making him ill.”
John heard what Mycroft was trying to say. “Right, camp.”
Greg looked at him with suspicion. “You don’t recognise Sherlock is ill, John?”
XXXXX
“We need a warrant for the Ministry of Education,” Sherlock said.
“John?” Sherlock questioned. “Where are we?”
Like today, Sherlock was having side effects. He felt dizzy and unable to go to work; it was the final workday of the year. John was at work because they had a case last week and
“There are therapies… such as Applied Behavioral Analysis.”
“John,” Sherlock said, moving towards Carter’s bed. “This is not fair, what happened to him is not fair. He was just being himself and he was subjected to this. The governments needs to ban the use of conversion therapy….”
“I am not going to Dad’s birthday, besides I am not welcome,” Sherlock said it matter of factly; as if he was really sure. John pats him reassuringly.
__________
Sherlock got his coat from the coat’s hanger. “Let’s go,” Sherlock handed the bag of books to John. They walked down the steps to the front door. Sherlock was getting anxious; he kept on checking his watch.
They sat in the rooftop restaurant of Joseph Smith Memorial with two FBI agents and two Salt Lake Police officers. They would be posing as wannabe parents.
The elderly woman looked bewildered but left the room. “Sherlock?” John said after Mrs Hudson left.
Mycroft sighed too, a very grateful one. “ Sherlock, I will pay John handsomely for the help. I know you don’t want any of it.”
John recognised being played by Sherlock Holmes. He wanted to punch Sherlock, but instead he hugged him. “You git,” he told Sherlock as soon he let go of Sherlock. “Sherlock,  I am serious.”
“Sherlock,” John said, not looking at the nurse. “Let’s go."
Sherlock nodded and John was relieved. Sherlock made his way to their bedroom while John made him a strawberry smoothie with bananas and a multivitamin. “Sherlock, your smoothie is here.”
“Sherlock? John? What’s wrong?” Mrs Hudson asked looking from one to other.
“John, I am not sure about that. It will depend on Sherlock,” Dr Reed said.
The first week of December from Sherrinford's POV
Sherlock sighed and interjected, “Carter’s missing?”
Sherlock pursed his lips.
“Where are we?” John asked but, of course, Sherlock didn’t understand.
CC: Sherlock_Holmes@thescienceofdeduction.com
“I want to do behavioural science and establish a behavioural unit.”
“John, could you help me here? Anthea’s son was with his father the summer he was supposed to be in New York,” Mycroft said, looking at his brother but talking to John. “However, a couple of days ago, he disappeared.”
“What?” He looked at Mycroft; challenging in him. “I know why you’re here? You want me to go to Dad’s party tomorrow.” He was tapping his fingers with his hand. “I am not going, Mycroft.”
John walked downstairs and opened the door to the black Mercedes. He was nervously drumming his fingers on his briefcase. It took only a three minute drive for him to arrive at the hospital.
Sherlock thought about it for a moment. “Okay, I can do that.”
Today, he needed to talk with Lestrade about his imminent retirement. He sat in a small cafe near Scotland Yard. He hugged Greg and felt like an idiot; why was he touching Lestrade?
Then John was speaking. “We first met almost three years ago when I was invalided home from Afghanistan. I thought my life was over…” He choked out the last words. Clearing his throat, he said, “Then I met Mike on his way to work; I told him who would have wanted to be flatmates with me? Wow, Sherlock, that was almost three years ago. I'm still pinching myself expecting to wake up from a dream. I promise to be faithful and love you and our children.”
“Mr Hank Talbot?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but nodded. “What?”
John laughed bitterly. “How could I, Sherlock? You're the love of my life, you dimwit. I was so depressed and. I didn’t know if… I wanted to follow you…”
Andrea answered at the first ring. “Hello?”
THE END
Sherlock’s face hardened unnecessarily. “John, change your speciality to pathology and work for St. Barts.” he said and gave John’s hand a tight squeeze.
After the doctors had left his room, Sherlock spoke, “John? I thought… I wouldn’t see you again." Sherlock started to cry. “I can’t believe it, John. I thought of you, all the time. I am sorry.”
“Kate is in Chicago, Sherlock,” John said.
Sherlock sighed, a tad uncomfortable with the situation. “I don’t like eating with my hands, and you know it, John,” Sherlock said a bit petulantly.
“How did you know that?” I said astonished.
Kate, surprised, looked at him sharply. “He’s fine.”
As soon as they entered the hospital parking lot, John heard Sherlock breathe a sigh of relief; the parking lot was empty. The doctor prayed that the problem was over.
“And now, I am sorry,” the amalgamation of the ‘British Government’ said, lost for words.
“What?” Greg was incredulous.
XXXXXX
So, his dad and I went on a hunt calling his name. We walked from their house to the Princess Diana Memorial Playground. He was looking down at a play area, rocking and flopping his hands.
Sherlock hugged John who was eating his food instead. “I am okay though.”
The kid looked like he wanted to cry. “He took me in his office…”
It was ten in the evening. Sherlock and John sat in the hotel cafeteria, eating their dinner when Mycroft rang. Sherlock answered after the first ring. “Hello,” he said.
“It’s about Sherlock.” John could feel his blood drain from his face. His husband had been dead for two years. He was almost hyperventilating, when Mycroft’s voice sounded in his ear. “He's alive, John.” John was on the floor and crying. “Where is he, Mycroft? I am going to kill you if you’re kidding me.”
—————
Six months later:
He walked from the flat to the restaurant, admiring the city landscape. Sherlock was already seated at ‘their table’ when he arrived.
“Who was this boy?” John asked because they need a lead.
“What are the conditions of other kids?” John asked after the nurse left. The others had been sent to different hospitals.
“Hello.” He felt a little awkward; he gave Sherlock a chaste kiss. “Where did you go?”
Without thinking, John pulled out his illegal firearm and pointed it at the guy. “Hey,” John shouted. Sherlock was struggling beneath the three people. “Let him out or I will shoot you.”
Oh. John thought to look at Sherlock’s face. “You think that this was the criminal network.”
He closed his eyes firmly. He would tell John the plan when he woke up later in the morning. With that, Sherlock fell back to sleep.
Then Sherlock’s very disused voice answered me. “Bach & Beatles,” he said while tuning his instrument. He had vocal stims but that was the first I heard his voice say words and it’s beautiful and very baritone.
When they brought him in, Sherlock was flailing his arms and legs in complete sensory overload. Was this the drugs? I asked myself. This was harder than I had thought because I couldn’t just ask him. First he is non-verbal and a middle of all of this, I can’t  it’s was hard.
After thirty minutes of watching him sleep; Sherlock woke up. He smiled. “Good Morning, Sleepyhead,” John said; smiling at Sherlock lovingly.
“Thank you.”
xxxxxxxx
They sat there in companionable silence. Sherlock did all the safety protocols expected of him. “Okay,” said John. “I am bored, Sherlock, let’s play a game.”
Sherlock shrugged again. "After I went to university, I lived on the streets. Mum died when I was twelve, dad when I was twenty-two."
“My name is Jack,” John said in a fake Utahan accent. “This my friend, Sherrinford.” Sherlock huffed.
“Are you up for cases?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. John got the car keys from his pocket and turned the car door on. They were inside the car in seconds; driving to their favourite sushi palace.
John and Sherlock were one hour into the drive. Pennsylvania was annoyingly dull; they were in the countryside when Sherlock started to show some signs of boredom.
Dr. Reed was a tall, black man in his forties. “Okay, Mr Holmes. Where are you?”
Sherlock went back to their rental car, while John stood in the queue and ordered some cheese sticks and soda for him and Sherlock. His mind wandered to his partner. Was Sherlock okay with being in the back of a car in the middle of nowhere in America.
“Okay, check the map for Pizza hut, or you could do Domino’s right?”
They had been chasing a murderer last night. Sherlock didn’t get much sleep in three days which was not unusual. John stood up to make a cup of tea. He thought he needed to write that case for the blog.
John sighed and went to the bathroom to get ready for bed.
“I will talk to Mycroft to leave the sectioning…”
Sherlock didn’t understand the jab. “He wasn’t as important as you.” His face grew darker. “Why would I call him? And mock this case up?”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “I didn’t want you to say no to this case because of your childhood…”
He walked towards Sherlock’s side. “We’re late, Sherlock,” John said ushering Sherlock outside. They walked towards the lift and to the garage. Sherlock sat in the driver seat before John could.
Max thought about it. ”Adults maybe a hundred, kid maybe fifty.”
“I just need to get my balance from underneath me.”
Greg looked at him funny. “He’s so thin, John. He looks like a stick... Maybe because you're with him every day, you don’t notice how thin he is. He looks like death ran him over.”
“I asked you to come here to talk about Willow’s recent issues at school. I do believe that she has Autism Spectrum Disorder - level two,” the doctor said looking at them. “Though Willow’s IQ is 145 meaning she is very bright, she lacks the socio-emotional skills to lead a normal life. However, we have a lot of therapies…” Sherlock tuned her out.
One week later, John was on the phone with The Guardian’s Editor. While Sherlock was experimenting in the kitchen table today. they were working on a homicide. He had submitted a draft of his article written with Victor and Sherlock’s help.
“Okay,” He hung up and sat down.
Sherlock was now irritated. He faced his brother and squared up. “Why did you even?…” he snapped looking at Mycroft with some mirth.
“Don’t call him?” John said and Sherlock nodded.
Then a phone call startled Sherlock; it was Mycroft. “Hello, brother mine. Anthea is on her way to the airport. Just keep him safe and tell them he is allergic to penicillin based drugs, okay.”
When he had met John four years ago, he had deduced that John was bisexual, back in the beginning, so he proposed that they start to have a non-monogamist relationship. John had been seeing a lot of people. They  implemented it because he didn’t want to lose John. If he lost John once a week it would be much better than losing him forever.
Kate heard him of course. “I will arrest you for interfering with the law, Sherlock.” Sherlock rolled his eyes inwardly, but he let John lead the way.
“Then what happened? did he hurt you again?” Sherlock asked; very quietly.
Sherlock nodded. “Of course. Just drop by and we can talk it out over tea.”
Sherlock startled. “It's Sherlock,” he said and rolled his eyes. He didn’t like to be called ‘Mr Holmes’ because it sounded like Mycroft or, worse, his father.
She was now nervous. “What is it, John?”
Sherlock looked at him angrily. “John?”
“There was another one, house, or I think it was a house.” Earvin said. “We went there when we were not doing good.”
“He didn’t tell you?” Mycroft asked, sounding surprised.
“No, nauseous.” The HIV meds were still making him sick sometimes.
“Insulin-dependent?” Sherlock asked while sipping his tea. Lestrade nodded. “Syringe?” Lestrade nodded again. After a short deliberation, Sherlock said, “Girlfriend.”
“Where should we start?” John asked.
“He doesn’t want to ride in an aeroplane,” Mycroft said condescendingly.
“I know it’s difficult, John but I think it could help you. What did they tell you in the church or office or wherever it was?’ Sherlock said, uncomfortable with the sentiment of it.
Max looked towards the rooms and shook his head. “Ah… I told him, I am going to call my parents. If he did what he was thinking. He told me that if I told them, they won’t believe me. I told him they would.”
John needed to intervene, giving Andreka the book and the paper. She took it and read.
We first played “Jesu, Joy of Man’s Desiring” . He played the melody while I played the accompaniment. Sherlock and I played it okay, I thought.  The piece was easy, connected and lovely. At that moment, I started to fall dangerously in love with someone who was a mentee, and had autism spectrum disorder. I won’t tell Sherlock or hell, his brother.
Wherein they undressed each other and kissed each other's lips, licking their body as they morphed into one. After which they fell asleep with each other.
Callahan shrugged. “He reported that there was an incident with Landon and a.. boy.” Callahan closed his eyes, “that he saw Landon touching Victor on his private area.”
John was displeased again, but he stood up. As much as he hated it, Sherlock was right. “Okay,"
John and Sherlock sat in Mycroft’s car silently, contemplating the couple of days they would have in the Kensington Manor. They could not go back to Baker Street; the tabloids would be there, wanting an interview.
“I understand.”
Sherlock looked at John, stunned. “No,” Sherlock said looking at Lestrade dead on.
John looked at him. “Yeah? You want tea?”
Then his eyes were shutting on his own accord. He could hear John talking as he was drifting off. “Sleep tight, my love.”
His mother turned to me. “He should be more polite,” she said and turned to my best friend. “Sherlock, say John, these are my parents.  Mum, Dad this is John, my friend.”
“Then I have no children,” she said.
They watched a show until a nurse changed Sherlock’s IV medications. And then they fell asleep. The nurses were cooing at them.
“Yes? I mean Mycroft was right about you,” John said quietly. “You have a Doctorate in Neurochemistry?"
“Adam,” Mycroft told his driver. “Let Dr Watson down.”
“Shall we begin?” John asked and Sherlock nodded; he turned a key to the intersection. “Let’s play rock, paper, scissors,” John said.
Sherlock’s middle brother; Jacob Sherrinford Alan Holmes was a professor of history in City College London. Sherrin and Sherlock looked. He and Sherlock were very close.
He could hear Mycroft saying something to someone at the other end of the line. He could now hear what he couldn’t before: the hissing of an oxygen tank and beeping of a heart monitor.
“Okay, sir. Ambulance will be there in five.”
He must have been thinking out loud but John was looking at him worriedly.  “Sherlock? Penny for your thoughts?”
John read what they had written. “Help me, my maths teacher is touching me down there. He told me would kill you if I told, you guys. I have been in touch with people who were like me, online.”
They left Mrs Hudson to go take care of the dishes; with her token protest. John and Sherlock left the flat in the car to go to Essex which they would meet with somebody that contacted Sherlock afternoon night.
John dropped his goods on the ground and said in a false American accent. “Hey?”
John thought about his words. “Sherlock, you know I love you. However, I think your parents are sort of right,” he said and Sherlock started to stand up. “Sherlock?”
They sat in silence until a vicious turbulence shook the plane. Sherlock was shaking and panicking; John crouched down near Sherlock’s chair. “Calm down, Sherlock.”
“Look at his eyes.”
Asking Mycroft for favours was like asking a stubborn child to wear their coat when outside in the cold. "Yes." There was no point in lying to Mycroft. “I need you to point me to an unsolvable maritime incident.”
“Sherlock?” Mycroft said worriedly. “I know you hate the idea of working with police officers not named Lestrade-”
“We’re not done with Mrs Hudson.”
As Kate was parking her government-issued car, Sherlock leapt from his seat. “What the hell?” Kate said, looking at John with irritation.
It was John who answered. “Yes, Mycroft?”
0o0o0o0o
“No, he told me nothing. What I know is where the hellhole we're going to fetch Carter from is,” John said.
“Yes… to both counts,” Lestrade said, still amused with Sherlock’s deductions.
Sherlock touched his. “John, did they shave me?” he asked, and John smiled at him.
“Because I have Autism.,” Sherlock shouted the last word in frustration and anger was obvious in his tone. He was now rocking back and forth.
“I don’t care,” John said very sternly.
I felt my face burn in embarrassment. “Sorry, Sherlock, sorry,” I said.
John was flabbergasted with those words. Sherlock Holmes was telling him that he made a terrible mistake. This man who was extremely overwhelmed while conversing about emotions was telling him that he made a horrible mistake about the fall/Moriarty.
“Oh, my poor love,” John said. He kissed Sherlock on the cheek. “Love you, let’s get you to bed, shall we?”
After a few moments, Sherlock spoke. "I don’t want to go on a plane. That was the point here.”
“To whom does it prove?” John asked, sitting on Sherlock's lap while kissing his lips chastely.
Kate drove them to a house in the suburbs of Brooklyn: a huge forty-five hundred square foot McMansion.
Then a light bulb clicked in his head; he could be a behavioural expert for the yard. He could still help Lestrade and be safe for his children. Hell, if the yard didn’t want him, he could donate money to head his department. It was a 9-5 job, but if it would keep the family safe. It was a sacrifice he would be willing to take. At least it would be interesting, being a forensic psychologist.
He sounded sad when he answered, “You want to know if Sherlock has done this before?”
Sherlock picked up John’s right hand which was resting on the shift stick and kissed it. John smiled sadly.
We all sat down around the tree. There were even a few gifts for me as well, a bottle of perfume and a pair of Ray Bands to name a few.
From the first note on, Sherlock and Sherrin played beautifully. They played a Bach piece, a baroque sonata in G minor. Sherlock had his eyes closed while his sister concentrated on the keyboard. The piece was amazingly done and it was very apparent that these two played a lot.
“Never,” Sherlock said, looking more pathetic than normal. “Promise?”
They shook hands with the man. He beckoned Sherlock outside, and asked him sotto voce, “How are you feeling, Sherlock?”
During their afterglow, John said. “I love you and I am very proud of you.”
They arrived at a hotel a couple of minutes later. Sherlock was slumped in his seat from tirednesd; John watched his he left the rental. After a while Sherlock stood up and touched his arm lovingly. He knew that Sherlock was apologising to him.
I grinned and walked downstairs.
He put the rental car on drive and drove to the hotel. John sat in the car thinking about why Sherlock didn’t want to tell him their itinerary for the days while they were in Utah.
Sherlock nodded.
John glared at Donavan and he moved on following Sherlock behind the tape.
“About what?”
John sighed, and glanced at his partner, who was pacing and muttering to himself. “We need to talk, Doctor, about what your son wrote.”
“Are you angry, Sherlock?” John asked. Sherlock laughed an angry bark; in which after he sobered. He lit a smoke; John caught the cigarette. “Why, Sherlock? tell me, please.”
Greg was at his wits ends. “God, Sherlock; I kept you sane all those years ago. You couldn’t even help me with this?” He shouted, and Donavan entered.
“Sherlock, what?” Greg asked.
John’s earpiece was activated to the conversation and he intervened with a sports question. “My partner and I caught a basketball game earlier this week. Do you think that the Jazz will be in the playoffs this year?’" Sherlock rolled his eyes but with a look from John shut his big mouth up.
John was still laughing at him. “Do you really not know what twenty questions is, Sherlock?” he teased.
“Merry Christmas,” John said, kissing Sherlock on the lips.
The doctor was telling him. “Mr. Holmes, you are HIV positive.”
They followed Kate upstairs to a conference room. Sherlock and John sat in uncomfortable chairs. Kate showed them a photograph of Sebastian Moran while Sherlock wrote on a whiteboard.
“I’m so sorry, love,” John said, “but I really need to bring you to an A&E department. I don’t know what’s going on.”
“It's twelve, Sherlock.”
“You didn’t tell us that,” Sherlock said, pacing back and forth.
Sherlock stilled his shaking hands while John overtook a truck.  He heaved a deep breath. “What are your questions, John?” Sherlock asked, not looking at him.
“Nothing’s wrong, Mrs Hudson, can we come in?” John said.
Sherlock and John left the Kensington Manner after the media circus had died down. They had no case; Sherlock wondered if the London he left had forgotten him.
The boys are both healthy.
“What’s next for the detective and his doctor. Are you two getting married?” Kate looked from one to the other.
“So, are you going to say something to Mrs Hudson about your diagnosis?” John asked with a mouth full of tiramisu.
“Nearing Illinois,” John answered. “Why, are you hungry?”
“No, I am fine,” Sherlock told the dispatcher. He was swaying a bit.
“Yes… But Can we talk in person, Doctor?”John asked because he would rather tell them face to face that, that tell them on the phone.
“Be that as it may,” Mycroft chimed in, “he is still family and a child. He had been missing for a while according to this missive.”
They went down with Greg and John and Sherlock flagged a cabbie because he didn’t want to ride in Greg’s unmarked vehicle. The ten minute drive to Kensington’s Lady Diana Memorial Park was uneventful. However, as soon as they were outside of the cab, Sherlock swayed. “Dizzy,” John whispered.
