The god shook his head, ‘I am afraid not, unfortunately. The art of Seiðr never had my interest, so my knowledge on this matter is near to nothing.’
The first to walk through was Loki, a backpack hanging from one shoulder. He didn’t look around, directly running towards the large shed at the other end of the garden. He opened his arms and hugged his older brother who was just in time of putting his tools down. They were talking, smiling, nothing but pure love shining through as Thor lowered himself to meet the raven eye to eye. They were laughing, Loki’s enthusiasm only growing as Bucky and Wanda joined the two, bringing them refreshments.
Peter managed to suppress his laughter into a loud snort, then quickly went back into character, his face grim and voice low. ‘Alas, I cannot grand thou such overwhelming, uh, supremacy! For with great power, comes a great veggie diet! Now, I, the evil Spider… Spi-Spider-Lord… King, and my six-legged horse Sl-’
‘Don’t bother,’ Natasha said as she walked into the blond’s office without warning, startling the two as always. ‘Sam and I spoke to him while you two were busy interrogating Miss Potts.’
The doll seemed to relax with that promise in mind, trusting his master’s words. The two of them stayed in the workshop and continued drawing and tinkering with tech till Jarvis reminded them that it was nearly midnight. ‘You do have a very important meeting tomorrow, sir. I would suggest that you get some rest.’
The potion turned a violent shade of purple and lightened the room once more, nearly blinding the trickster before turning completely transparent, much like water.
Tony gulped as he was not able to look him in the eye any longer. It scared him how quickly he grew attached to this machine, how easily Steve managed to win over his heart. It was not healthy. Falling in love with an AI was not healthy.
He didn’t bother to turn on the lights the moment he stepped into his house, didn’t bother to undress as he let himself fall on top of his bed. He let out a deep sigh and stared at the ceiling as his mind continued to race, knowing this would be yet another night without sleep.
‘I hate to tell you, Rogers, but I’m thinking the guy’s right,’ Tony mumbled with a sigh. ‘I know your gut is telling you different but up until now this entire situation seems to be one big accident. Plus, even
‘Okay, so he’s not a burglar,’ Tony concluded as he crossed his arms, a frown on his face as he saw the kid ignoring all the valuables he came across. Tech, antiques, art, nothing seemed to pique the child’s interest. ‘I’m going up there.’
‘Easier for themselves or for us?’ Steve asked as the two walked into his office, his attention shifting towards his red-headed coworker. ‘Anything on Killian yet? And where’s Sam?’
‘That must be my brother!’ Loki smiled as he pointed enthusiastically at the disappearing Bifröst. ‘Come on, Peter, hurry!’ He shouted happily as he ran back to Stark Tower, his towel heroically fluttering in the wind.
‘That’s okay,’ Peter said as he relaxed, a companionable smile on his face, ‘I know you’re doing your best, you always do.’ He then smiled brighter as he saw the god look at him. ‘You’re a good brother, Thor. Lokes is really lucky with someone like you, as a kid
Quill couldn’t help but laugh at that, imagining the picture Peter just described. ‘You really worry too much,’ he smiled, ‘You’re an Avenger, right? Just wear a disguise when you have to go to the store. Tell you this, you put on a baseball hat and some sunglasses, maybe throw in a hoody, and I bet you no one will recognize you.’
It was eight o’clock when Thor woke up to the sound of a helicopter landing on the roof of the Avengers Compound. Either someone was off to a new mission, or some of his friends were returning. With a big yawn, the god scratched the back of his head, his hand searching his bed, finding it empty. Frowning, he opened his eyes and saw that his little brother was nowhere to be seen.
‘… So,’ The raven began cautiously, looking at the stranger while now hiding a little behind the blond super soldier who stood next to him. ‘You are not trying to curse me…?’
The two kids smiled, though it was short to live as their new dad watched them from his rear view mirror. ‘Hey! Keep it down back there!’
guy we’re talking about here! Plus, who said he should change back?’ he then crossed his arms, a sassy smirk on his face. ‘I might want a
‘Okay, pay attention, I’m not going to repeat myself,’ Bucky said as he held out a knife, ‘So you hold your weapon like this and then swing it upwards like this, throw it in the air, and catch it in you other hand.’ The soldier demonstrated the move he explained on a wooden training dummy, his motion fast and flawless. ‘And now, you can either stab someone between the ribs or here, just above the collarbone. Now you try.’
‘Well, detective,’ Tony started, his lips nearly brushing those of the blond. ‘I have done so many bad things in my life and I can’t live with it any longer.’ His voice was nothing but a sultry whisper, words vibrating against the blond’s skin. Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist, his fingers gently caressing his skin. ‘I think I need to be punished by a strong hand of the law.’
‘Honestly, Rogers, how can you work with that guy?’ Strange murmured as he took the last sip of his tea.
‘We’re here,’ Peter said as he opened the large glass door to the training garden, putting Loki back on his own feet again.
‘Stop this nonsense! You always go to bed after bath,’ Thor managed to take a deep breath and counted to three before opening his mouth again. ‘You go upstairs, I will prepare you a bath and you will go to bed after that, am I clear?’
‘Master…?’ Steve turned towards Tony and placed his hand on the man’s lap to get his attention. ‘Did I do something wrong?’
Tony held his breath as the blond’s lips were only inches away from his own, his fingers working with precision to further unbutton his shirt.
‘I love you, Rogers, and I’m not gonna let anyone stop me from doing so,’ Tony smiled gently as he placed his hand on the blond’s cheek, his thumb softly caressing his skin.
‘He is and I really miss him. I want to go home…’ A short silence followed before she looked at the teen. ‘He can talk, you know?’ She pressed her fingers against the toy’s belly, causing a loud voice to fill the car: “You are my bestest friend.”
‘Pfff-fine,’ Tony grumbled, signing the somewhat sticky form and letting the guy through to set the box inside his house.
Steve gasped for air, followed by a violent coughing fit. A wave of heat flooded his body as he tried to breathe through the pain, knowing his ribs were bruised, if not broken. He wondered who this kid was and searched again through his brand-new memory installed in the back of his head, yet came up with nothing. He wondered why it was his fault that he, apparently, was gone, and why he would know where he was. Maybe his creators have forgotten to install the data.
Thank you so so much for reading my fic and if you liked it, maybe you will like some of the other fics I wrote as well, such as A Tale of a Trickster and a Spider, or Little Loki's Big Adventure. Both written in the same style, both filled with your favorite adventures and lots of humor. So you might like them. :)
Thor’s intense blue eyes shifted from Tony towards the blond, cold and unforgiving. ‘If he would have done that,’ he started, his voice a low growl, ‘then I would have met the two of you half a year ago. For I would have killed him if he even dared to point a finger at Loki.’ He took a deep breath, ‘but he did not. He never contacted Loki.’
‘No,’ Bucky interrupted and crossed his arms. ‘No one in this house would have sex with that guy.’ He scoffed, looking at the two in absolute disgust. ‘Идиоты… America or Russia, you cops are all the same. Killian’s death was an accident. Stop bothering innocent people.’ He turned on his heel and walked into the mansion without another word.
‘Oh…’ Loki remained silent for a moment as he thought this through. He then looked up at Vision and smiled. ‘That is okay mister Vision, sir. I once heard the Einherjar say that my brother was an accident as well.’
The playboy let out a heavy sigh after closing the door and turned his gaze back to the object in question. ‘J? Analyze please. What are we dealing with? Angry ex? Bomb? Though chances are that there’s a connection between those two.’
‘Miss Maximoff,’ Steve nodded with a kind smile, the early morning sun brightening his blue eyes. ‘We would like to speak to Miss Potts, is she home?’
‘Stop the feed!’ Tony shouted the moment the syringe penetrated the sclera, Steve’s horrifying screams bleeding from the stereo.
‘Hope not,’ Steve chuckled as he tried to kiss the man back, but Tony leaned backwards a little each time the blond tried to make a move, a teasing smile on his face.
‘Hey, I’m not sharing my captain with anyone, not even with a princess!’ Peter glared at his father, pointing the fake gauntlet at him, ‘So if anyone’s gonna get lucky with him it would be me!’ The teen’s eyes then widened, he pulled a face and nearly gagged as he lowered the fake Iron Man gauntlet, ‘Oh my god, I just… I just fought my dad because I wanted to, to…’ He then turned to the trickster, ‘Damn it Lokes, I hate this potion!’
‘I-I don’t know,’ the doll stammered, every muscle in his body tensing as his master closed in. His heart raced in his chest, beating loudly against his ribcage as he held his gaze low.
‘No! I did not!’ Thor exclaimed in anger. ‘It is true that Killian threatened to throw us out, yes, but that was half a year ago! I hated him, we all did but he stopped his threats a couple of days later!’
‘Young Loki is a little different from, well, grown-up Loki, I guess,’ Peter said as he could not help but laugh at Sam’s astonished expression.
Peter’s hand hovered over the thin sheets. How he wanted to sleep. How he wanted to lay his head to rest upon the muted pillow and pray for this all to be a nightmare, hoping he would be back in the orphanage the moment he would open his eyes.
‘You look awesome, Thor!’ Peter said as he admired the god’s costume, a shorter white toga with brown sandals underneath. The blond’s strong body perfectly presented as the costume left most skin bared.
Thor gulped as he thought this through, a slight feeling of frustration hitting him as he noticed he could not say with absolute certainty that his grown-up brother was living a happy life. ‘I believe you are content.’ He eventually decided to say while Loki crawled underneath the blankets.
The beast’s eyes suddenly grew completely back and, with one strong swing of its paw, send the god flying against the wall.
‘So, you offered them a place in your home,’ Stark said, crossing his arms as he sat back in his chair. ‘How noble, or incredibly stupid. Some sort of ultra-secret soldier and a witch, isn’t that just asking for problems?’
Loki glared, his jaws locked, his one arm tightly wrapped around the book, hiding the dagger he was still holding. Then, without any warning, he threw the heavy book in the doctor’s face. He jumped to his feet, holding onto the dagger as the Winter Soldier had thought him.
Steve parted his lips, his voice soft, words coming out slowly. ‘Y-es… mast-er. Ple...ase... fill m-e up.’
Loki followed the archer into another room and returned after about ten minutes. He was now wearing a bright orange shirt and dark blue jeans which were a much better fit.
‘Then, the potion might become permanent…’ Loki looked down in defeat, but as he then saw the worried eyes of the teen, he quickly looked up and smiled, ‘Come on now, Peter,’ he said as he took a hold of the teen’s hands, ‘When was the last time Earth’s mightiest heroes failed a mission?’
Steve sighed but nodded nonetheless. He always respected the commissioner even though they argued a lot. Fury usually disagreed on his methods during his investigations, finding his decisions either too risky or even unparliamentary.
Wanda opened the large French doors that lead to the garden and guided the two towards an old oak tree. ‘Miss Potts? The gentlemen of the police department are here. They asked for you.’
‘I’m asking you one more time, Barnes, where were you on the night of the murder?’ Tony peered at the man seated in front of him. His hands slamming on the table as he got no response. ‘Well?!’
Tony coughed as the room filled with dust, his eyes then widening as he stared at the “present” his coworker send him.
Loki quickly nodded and adjusted the towel that represented his cape so that it looked decent. ‘Loki Odinson. It is a pleasure to meet you, Sir Banner.’ He said as he held out one paint-covered hand.
‘That is good to hear.’ The raven smiled at his brother while the blond tucked him in. ‘Good night, brother. I love you,’ he whispered as he wrapped his small arms around the god’s neck once more.
‘Are you okay?’ Cassie whispered as she held on to the Peter’s hand. The three of them walked through a large corridor, moving towards the back of the manor.
‘No way!’ Quill laughed, ‘I knew that guy was a bit of a playboy, I just knew it! Didn’t expect him to knock a girl up though, but, still!’ he then crouched to his knees, studying the raven. ‘Man, he looks
Like I said, it wasn't really easy to give Strange a good reason to enter the story, but I think this one was okay :)
‘Oh, okay, right,’ Peter nodded slowly but then looked at the raven again, ‘I see you’re all dressed up and ready to go.’
‘So, Loki went to Killian, like he always did,’ Sam started, ‘expecting to pay the “small” price like he had to do, every night.’
He gently caressed its shoulder, his fingers trailing down towards its wrist. He expected it to feel cold and hard yet was pleasantly surprised by the soft and warm texture. It truly was an amazing piece of engineering.
The beast looked at the wounded teen and, now on all fours, took a slow step back, his head hanging between his shoulders.
‘Sure was, and all thanks to these big innocent green eyes.’ Peter laughed, amiably ruffling Loki’s hair, starting to understand why the man fell for the trickster’s charm as a loving smile now colored the child’s face.
has no soul, no heart. It has no emotions.’ He spoke as if he truly felt sorry for the machine, then took a deep breath to steady his voice and patted Tony’s shoulder. ‘It’s nothing but dead metal, kid. Surely you realize that, right?’
The playboy then quickly blinked his eyes to snap out of his reverie. He smirked, ‘Did you just sass me?’
‘Must be because you guys make the best pancakes,’ Peter remarked as he entered the kitchen, followed by Natasha and Thor.
He opened the can and brought it to his lips, taking a careful sip. It smelled weird, but the taste was good. He took another sip. It tasted sweet, even sweeter than the fresh honey he used to poor over his fruit. Before Loki knew it, he had downed the entire can, suddenly feeling a burst of energy running wild through his body.
‘They’re coming in pretty fast though,’ Bucky frowned, watching how the two were flying towards the running track.
The ride took about another hour or so, locating them far away from the orphanage and to the outskirts of town. Their eyes widened as they drove up towards Stane’s mansion; butterflies fluttering from one flower to the next in the perfect garden, birds chirping happily as they made their nests in the large oak trees.
Loki chuckled softly at that last one. Yes, he has been called an insufferable know-it-all many times, and yes, he had called his brother a naïve oaf on countless occasions. A constantly interfering, always energetic, noisy oaf.
Thor looked at the playboy for a second longer and then let himself fall back onto the couch with a sigh. ‘The mighty god of constant concern wishes to express his gratitude, o Iron one.’ He let out a chuckle at his own sentence, causing the others to laugh as well.
‘Well, I’ll just have to take this this piece of junk from your hands and let my guys take it apart first thing in the morning. See if we can find anything. As for now…’ He shot the playboy an earnest glare. ‘No one can know about this until the sick fuck who did this is found.’
‘You really bring out the worst in me, Stark,’ Steve said as he let himself fall on his bed. The springs protested with a soft squeak, the fresh linen releasing a faint scent of lavender.
‘Big bro-’ Peter stumbled, a proud and wide smile on his face. He then looked at Thor, who was meeting his eyes with a deadly gaze, ‘u-uhm, well, Thor
he would ever see the light of day again. ‘I- I don’t need charging for another twenty-six hours, however, I can be put in rest mode while you sleep, master.’
‘I agree with Peter,’ Thor nodded, ‘The sooner I can return to the Olympus, the better.’ He then shook his head, his own thoughts confusing him. ‘Let’s, let’s just keep moving.
Tony’s reverie shattered into a thousand pieces. Steve was right, he was a machine. A robot. Nothing more but wires and metal. This thing was not human, just an empty husk with human form.
‘Loki…’ Thor sighed, wondering how to prove he was indeed the child’s older brother. He then smiled as a plan came to mind. He reached out his hand under the watchful eye of the Avengers and the young raven, flinching as he heard glass shatter in the distance.
Thor sighed as he marched down the corridor and walked down the stairs, trying to look as calm and collective as he could. Following the sound of chatting Avengers, he turned the corner into the kitchen, ready to ask his friends if they had seen his brother. He looked up in surprise, however, as he found his still small brother sitting on the couch next to Peter, listening to a story Rhodey was telling them.
The blond let his glass fall from his hands, the chards scattering all over the marble floor, causing the other three Avengers to turn around as well.
‘… Seriously?’ Peter frowned and then watched Steve as the captain moved back a little, revealing the young raven hiding at his side.
A throbbing headache caused the doll to screw his eyes shut. A name lingered on the tip of his tongue, a blurry image of a young child with brown hair and hazel eyes forming in his foggy mind. ‘Don’t hurt him,’ he pleaded, the words falling from his mouth without his consent. The urge to protect burned in each fiber of his artificial body despite having no memories of this child. ‘Please, master… Please don’t hurt him.’
I hope you guys really liked it anyway. I've got some funny plans for the next chapter and it will be crazy and much better than this one, I promise!
‘You’ve got the antidote, right?’ Peter asked nervously as they now walked through the dark woods, trying to find trails of the other two Avengers, or Steve for that matter. ‘You’re absolutely sure?’
Steve nodded again, wonderous eyes gazing at the luxurious products displayed at the sink. Colognes, hair gels, after shave and moisturizers, all expansive brands, all neatly arraigned.
‘Uh, yes, he does.’ Thor nodded slowly, ‘however, I am afraid I must disappoint you. My brother is not available for missions at the moment.’
‘I see,’ Tony looked down at the machine sitting on his couch, his mind wondering towards promiscuous thoughts as he still felt the blond’s lips on his own.
‘I’m sorry!’ The playboy whispered. ‘I don’t know why I screamed! Damn it, I feel like such a damsel in destress.’
Loki nodded slowly and stopped walking. He placed his hands on his ears, trying to block the cries of the spirits who dwelled the forest. ‘They are calling me, Peter.’ He whispered as he started to tremble, ‘they are begging me to let them pass but I do not know how… They plead for comfort, for mercy but I cannot give it to them.’ The raven slowly crouched down, making himself as small as possible as he tried to ignore the beseeching.
‘Loki…?’ Peter managed to utter at which the trickster cautiously nodded. ‘No way! That is, I mean, how?! What?!’
‘It is a potion that changes the drinker into whoever he “thinks” he is.’ Thor sighed as he looked at the raven. ‘The costumes made us all feel and act like the characters we want to be for this party,’
Loki skipped through the hallway again. There were hardly any noises coming from inside, making it able for him to hear the songs of the birds and the leaves of the trees moving in a summer breeze. He smiled while looking around him, concluding that his older brother was right; these Midgardians were indeed very kind.
Peter glanced at her from the corner of his eyes, fingers fiddling nervously with the string of his hoody. ‘I’m Peter,’ he whispered softly and smiled at her.
‘That is right,’ the trickster said as he wrapped his arms around the teen’s waist. ‘Now cheer up, we still have some tracking to do.’ He then placed a gentle kiss on Peter’s forehead. ‘And we have to save New-York from a horrible monster, which is not me this time.’
So, what did you think? I added the entire scene with Peter and Loki playing in the garden, at first, I was planning on skipping it... I just really hope you liked it XD
‘Come on, love, let’s clean your face, okay?’ She brushed a strain of raven hair behind the trickster’s ear and smiled affectionally to which Loki nodded.
‘Because he ate a lot of spiders when he was young.’ Bucky interrupted the teen with a smirk. He then turned to Loki and crouched down next to him. ‘and now, every night, he turns into this big, man-eating spider!’
Peter, Thor and Loki looked at each other for a brief moment. ‘Sounds like your parents are in quite the argument, Peter.’ Thor said as he heard the captain and the playboy quarrel back and forth, Peter nodding slowly.
‘…The fuck-? Whatever is in here, I already feel like sending it back.’ He took a deep breath before prying the box open using a crowbar. It fell apart like a house of cards the moment the first couple of nails were pulled out.
‘Captain, Falcon,’ Thor nodded at the two as he entered the training ground. He then looked at Steve with slightly squinted eyes. ‘I see you have decided to change the color of your hair.’ The god laughed, noticing the velvet dust coloring Steve’s blond hair in a weird shade of pink.
‘That has nothing to do with it. I just don’t want her to file any official claims against you.’ Fury frowned, clearly not used to this behavior. ‘Is something bothering you, Rogers?’
‘Was this what you were concocting in your room?’ Peter asked in disbelief as he looked at Loki, ‘why did you do this…?’
Starlord smiled as he heard a careful chuckle coming from the teen which was quickly followed by loud laughter. He started to run even faster, the two in the cart now shouting and cheering.
‘Well then, if you will excuse us, we were about to enjoy our pancakes.’ The god said, wanting to shut the door.
After the Chitauri invasion, led by the god of mischief himself, Loki had undergone severe punishment in Asgard. It was then that Thor had decided he would never let his younger brother out of his sight, or rather, out of his life. Convincing his father that Loki should mend his ways on Midgard, taking lessons from the mortals he once tried to rule, Odin laid his final punishment on the raven god; exile to Midgard for a year.
Tony hastily reached for his phone after a few seconds of breathless staring, his eyes never truly averting from the object in front of him.
Steve started to smile and eventually laughed as cheese and tomato sauce got into his master’s goatee. They continued their dinner with an air of relaxation, laughing till the last slice of pizza was gone.
Loki is happy, at least, so he thought. But now that he started to think about this, he came to doubt that what he thought was fact.
‘Why didn’t you say so sooner?’ Quill smiled brightly. ‘Wait here, I’ll go get my crew and then we’ll be right in. Oh! You wanna meet them?’
‘That was out of nowhere…’ Tony Looked at the raven with a raised brow, but he then scoffed and grabbed his glass. ‘Might as well.’
‘…I’ve got nothing more to tell you,’ Bucky tensed up and crossed his arms, averting his eyes from the two detectives. ‘So I’m leaving now,’ He stood up, Tony following his lead, meeting his gaze and ready to stop him.
‘Do I have to?’ Thor asked unimpressed, his attention already back to his project. ‘We differed in a lot of things, Killian and I but that mattered not. He was always here for business with Miss Potts, so we hardly ever spoke with each other.’
But again, Quill chose not to listen to him. He placed his hands on the teen’s waist, causing him to flinch and giggle at the touch and the starlord pulled him into the cart behind Loki. ‘You guys ready?’
‘This chamber makes me feel… gloomy,’ Loki continued as he wrapped his arms around his body, ‘It makes me wonder… Am I happy growing up?’
‘Hey, kid, wait-’ Tony started, wanting to take the shield back but Loki dodged him by quickly diving underneath one of the work tables, popping up on the other side. ‘I suddenly feel like running,’ he said as a bright smile colored his face, ‘chase me!’
He threw the expansive bottle against the wall and leaned on the table, head held low. ‘Jarvis! Make sure this thing is sent back to Stane
‘Woow, kid, you okay?’ Tony crouched down, wanting to grab the child’s arm to help him back on his feet and check him for any cuts or other signs of injuries. He quickly redrew his hands though as the teen’s panic only worsened.
I want to thank each and everyone of you. Your Kudos,  (181?!) subscriptions (82?!) were truly heartwarming! Also, all the awesome comments that inspired me to keep writing!
The doll did as it was told, slowly gaining control of his feet. Blood finally coursed through his legs again, causing the lower half of his body to feel numb and static. His movements were unstable, much like a toddler learning to walk.
‘Get my coat.’ Stane voice was cold as he grabbed an item wrapped in satin. He pealed the fabric away, a silver handgun now resting in his hands. ‘It’s time for us to take a little walk.’
‘Got it,’ Loki nodded as he was fully concentrated, holding on to his goggles with one hand as they were actually too big for him.
Steve’s teeth penetrated the tough shell of the insect as he took the first bite. A crunching, spine-chilling sound moved through the air. He could feel its legs still crawling over his tongue, its pincers desperately biting into the inside of his cheeks. The blond froze for a split second, only to force himself to continue to chew.
She was sitting on the steps of the front door porch, the cold marble still wet from the rain. She looked up and squinted to protect her eyes from the bright Summer sun that had started to break through grey clouds and saw a dark red sports car driving up the property.
‘Then why were you crying when we you found Killian?’ Tony asked casually, continuing his questioning before the girl could even answer. ‘Were you in love with him? Did Bucky or Thor found out? Maybe one of them killed Killian because they did not want him to be around you?’
‘That is something completely different, Loki,’ Thor interrupted quickly but the other Avengers were already snorting and chuckling. ‘Very, very different…’
‘Of course!’ Peter suddenly shouted and he laughed, ‘That’s it! You guys are Beauty and the Beast, aren’t you?’ he then looked at Tony, ‘Well, a male version of Beauty, that is.’
It was a sudden rattling sound that caused him to gasp and hold his breath. The sound moved closer, metal dragging over the floor, coming from the shadows in the far back of the basement.
‘Call me Wanda,’ She nodded as she wrapped her arms around herself and nervously shifted from one foot to the other. ‘Mister Killian was staying overnight. I knocked on his door to bring him breakfast, but he didn’t answer. When I walked into the room I noticed that the windows were open and when I tried to close them, I…’ She wanted to continue, but a soft sob took her breath and she covered her mouth, tears gently falling from her eyes.
‘Yes, and he is very relatable,’ the raven took the glass carefully in two hands, making sure to hold on to it properly.
‘Was there something you wanted to ask us, Bruce?’ Peter then asked, suddenly wondering why the man was here.
‘Yes, sir,’ the raven nodded. ‘Thor was still out the moment I left the shower, he was probably still walking his security round through the building together with Bucky.’
‘You two were about to leave,’ Thor said after making sure his little brother had disappeared up the stairs. He gestured towards the hallway that would lead to the front door.
‘No, those are horns on his head, not antlers,’ Loki replied, crossing his arms. ‘He is like… a horrible beast… but in a very extravagant suit?’
‘No…’ the blond whispered. He didn’t understand his own emotions, didn’t understand why it felt like stones weighed heavy in his stomach. ‘No… master, please-!’
Steve chuckled softly as he felt Tony’s smile pressed against his cheek, sweet kisses following as the man’s hands were now resting on the brim of his pants. ‘And you didn’t tell them he was with us?’ he asked as he managed to suppress a soft moan.
‘Yes, well, it’s a thing, I don’t like him, he does not like me. It’s actually a really good relationship when you come to think about it. Clear and simple, almost like a marriage but instead of love we have loath. Anyway, what do you say? Wanne give it a go?’
‘I don’t have a preference installed.’ Steve’s curiosity got the better of him as he peeked over the billionaire’s shoulder.
Loki had to swallow away some bile as he added a single hair into each glass. One blond and short, one blond and long, two different shades of brown and finally, one raven black. He looked at the glasses, watching the DNA dissolve into the drink and he muttered; ‘Disgusting…’
The doll’s words send a shiver down Tony’s spine, his cock slowly erecting in his pants. He could certainly get used to the blond’s accent and deep voice. ‘Come here, Steve,’ he waited for it to stand in front of him, his eyes trailing every line and curve of its perfect body. ‘So, you’re here to please me, huh? Give me a good time?’
‘You don’t look all that shocked or surprised,’ Tony noted with something that was balancing between a smirk and a smile.
‘They died, didn’t they?’ Peter’s hands were clasped into tight fists as he jumped up. ‘So now what? We just have to sit here and wait? Wait for them to come and get us? Wait to die?!’ Tears rolled over his cheeks as fear and anger made him tremble upon his feet. ‘I don’t want to die! There must be something we can do!’
The boy froze on the spot as the two strangers looked at him. He gulped but continued nonetheless, ‘Why is the police here? What’s going on? I asked Wanda, but she send met to you.’
‘It must have been a stupid accident,’ Pepper sounded irritated, a hint of uncertainty ringing through. ‘I already told you that we had a couple of drinks before going to bed. Why won’t you leave us alone?! I already spoke with Commissioner Fury!’
Loki stared at a woman who had her back towards him. She had long, brown hair and was clothed in black pants, leather boots and a long red leather jacket. Her voice was different from that of the one he heard earlier. Not only was it female but there was also a strange accent to it that the trickster had never heard before.
‘… Yes,’ Steve whispered and nodded, letting Tony bring his knees up to his chest. He registered the playboy’s hands moving from his legs to his hips, fingers never lifting from his skin. ‘Please… master. That is a-all I want.’
‘What…?’ Loki almost whispered, fear instantly shadowing those emerald eyes. ‘T-Thor, I swear I didn’t-’
It was only then that he noticed the dog tag hanging around the doll’s neck. He tilted his head and mumbled its name; ‘Steven… G.… Rogers…’
‘I don’t think so.’ Strange wrinkled his nose in slight doubt but then shook his head. ‘He was tipsy, at most. I think someone must have given him a push, at least.’
‘Well, I don’t think the movie ever really said anything about Beast’s name…’ Peter said as he continued to walk, ‘just try “Steve” okay?’ The two entered a room which seemed like what once was the kitchen. The still dripping pipelines were rusted, dust falling from the ceiling, the old floorboard squeaking underneath their feet as they stepped through the room, slowly, cautiously.
‘Your brother really has a gift for disappearing into thin air, huh?’ Steve said, watching the god search the area.
She stared into the garden, carefully holding a tray with some toast, coffee and the newspaper. The view was beautiful no matter where one would stand, but she liked it best from here, the third floor, overseeing every flower, bush and tree.
Loki fought bravely against the sour flavor that remained in his mouth, Norns he hated potions, they hardly ever tasted good. He took a deep breath and looked at the other Avengers in anticipation, waiting for the brew to work its magic.
‘Sorry, Nat, you’ll have to take him for a little while. I’ll be back soon, just gonna grab some clothes for him to wear, I’m sure one of my kids got something that’ll fit him. Won’t be long.’ He said with a smile, handing the god of mischief over to her before she could object.
‘Yes, we get it, Stark,’ Natasha interrupted him as she rolled her eyes, hitting him on the back of his head with a rolled-up file. ‘Were you able to extract DNA?’
With the four Avengers now together again, they looked up at an old abandoned house. The white paint of the porch worn down by years of heavy weather, muddy paw prints leading to the front door. The windows were smashed, shattered glass scattered across the grass and covered in moss. The creaking sound of old doors moving slowly in a cold breeze, combined with the haunting winds howling through the creaks and cracks of the old house made for an ominous and sinister sensation.
‘Why? Did you run into trouble?’ Steve asked worriedly, noticing the Spider-man suit the teen was wearing. ‘‘Cause you know you should call us if you do, right? Oh, and might I remind you, again, to use the front door next time instead of coming in through a thirtieth-floor window?’
‘Drop it, kid,’ Tony chuckled as he casually leaned against Vision and patted him on the chest. ‘This guy was created because I made a uhm… a sort of mistake, you understand? I made a killer-robot, me and Bruce made Vision, then someone tried to stop us and Thor used his lightning… Okay, the point is, it was all one big accident, you understand?’ the playboy smiled in embarrassment at his own explanation, especially since there were now two big emeralds staring straight at him.
I have discord and am more than willing to just listen to your story, or cheer you up with random/funny marvel jokes. Whatever works for you.
The captain’s eyes then changed back to normal, showing utter regret and fear. It looked around, glancing from the door to the living room, to the stairs and eventually, his eyes locked on the front door.
job to find out?’ Strange managed to smile as he saw Sam nodding slowly. ‘Oh, there is one more thing, your victim had sexual intercourse shortly before his death. I found seminal fluid and some blood surrounding the private area.’
The remark was dripping with sarcasm and for the very first time Tony saw a genuine grin on the blond’s face. He stared, mouth slightly ajar as he took in the playful and dare he say almost angelic look.
‘Yes! They are astounding,’ the trickster excitedly walked around the soldier, inspecting the harness and backpack with care. ‘Could I maybe see them once more, sir?’
Hearing a sudden yelp, the god and wizard both turned around, searching where the voice was coming from. As they saw nobody, they merely looked at each other again with questioning eyes.
I don't quite know when I will be able to upload the next chapter since I'm a nurse have to work extra shifts due to Covid19...
In the first two months, Loki locked himself in his room, only leaving it to get something to eat or drink or use the bathroom. He didn’t speak, not a word, to nobody, not even to Thor. It had kept the god of thunder awake for many nights, worrying whether his brother would ever speak a word to him again.
‘What happened next was that I saved the day,’ the man stated like it was nothing, but he could not help the proud smile on his face. ‘And
‘So you are dressed as your own father?’ Loki scoffed, ‘You know that this means that either A. you will have to be all lovely-dovely with Steven for the rest of the night, or B. you just forced me into a relationship with “Anthony”.’ Loki shuddered at the thought, a chuckle then leaving his lips. ‘Yeah, you know what? Those are both absolutely horrifying outcomes. You did a splendid job, Peter. I cannot imagine anything more disturbing.’
‘Lokes, you coming? People are starting to gather, we should be heading down stairs as well.’ Not waiting for the trickster to answer, Peter opened the door and he looked at the raven with wide eyes, noticing all the strange items surrounding the god. ‘What uh, what are you doing?’
‘Yay, Thor…’ Tony said heavily sarcastic, an unamused sigh leaving his lips as he walked back into the lounge room.
‘Time of death?’ Steve asked quickly to intervene, knowing the arguments between his partner and the medical examiner could easily last for hours.
‘Hey! Hold still! I’m bringing you back to your nest, you little stray birdie!’ The doctor grumbled, opening a portal with one hand while keeping the raven as far from him as possible with his other.
‘Hmm,’ Tony thought this over. ‘Still weird though. That you need to eat, that is. Or at least feel hunger. I’ll have to check your tech sometime.’ He placed a reassuring hand on Steve’s shoulder as the doll looked at him with fear. ‘Don’t worry. I’m not gonna take you apart or anything. Just wanne have a look, that’s all.’
‘How so, little brother?’ Thor smiled as he picked Loki up and placed him on his lap, his arms affectionately wrapped around the younger god’s body.
The doll was placed on a couch, countless wires connecting him from the back of his neck to different kinds of monitors and computers.
The playboy looked up, meeting the doll’s hollow and milky eyes. ‘You’ll be okay, right?’ he hardly recognized his own voice as it was barely audible. All earlier statements crumbling down as the doll nodded again.
Tony hesitantly lowered his head. What if Steve did not want to kiss him? Did not even want to touch him? What if he was doing all of this merely because he was his master? He grimaced at the thought, not wanting to put the doll through such forced interactions ever again. ‘We should get some sleep.’ He had to clear his throat before words would come out.
"Turn!" she ordered. "Turn!" The creature complied and banked to the left so hard that they almost got completely turned around and they almost slammed into the side of a building. "Less! Less!" She took a deep breath to try to get herself to focus. It was clearly a steep learning curve, but Natasha knew she could figure it out. The fate of the world depended on it.
Just as he resolved to get up and go home so he could finally get some sleep, the familiar opening notes of a certain AC/DC song started to emanate from his cell phone. Upon checking the caller ID, Tony smiled when he saw it was an unknown caller with a number longer than the value of pi. He was still grinning when he accepted the call.
"They're here," Fury said. "They called it." Steve saw Tony's shoulders slump a little bit before he directed his gaze back down to the ground.
"You and Romanoff pushed him too much and then walked away." Lara opened her mouth to protest, but Hill raised a hand to silence her. "I'm not blaming either of you. Stark is the one who drank to excess, but at the same time, nothing you did helped either. You told him off and when he didn't do what you wanted, you left him. You can see how that might make things worse, right?" Natasha nodded.
Taking a short glance back at the lab, Steve allowed himself a moment to stop and think. As much as he didn't like it, Tony and Bruce had a point; S.H.I.E.L.D. was hiding something. Exactly what, he couldn't be sure, but there was only one way to find out. With that, Steve set off down the ship's corridor, away from the bridge. With no idea what he was looking for, he just kept his eyes peeled, looking for anything out of place or suspicious.
"I don't get a 'welcome home' kiss?" Steve let out a snort of laughter before taking Tony's face in his hands.
"Yeah." Steve rubbed his other hand gently up and down Tony's side. "You're alive. We're all alive. We're safe."
Natasha didn't give any intention of moving out of the way. However, that didn't stop Steve from grabbing her by the arm and pulling her out of the way. With the path clear, Tony flew out through the entrance ramp to the garage and into the early evening sky.
"So, thanks for the lift back there," he said sarcastically. "Really was a huge favor. Saved me a lot of trouble." Tony didn't even look over at him.
"When someone has a drug or alcohol addiction, sometimes the friends and loved ones of the addicted person will gather to confront them and urge them to change their behavior," he explained. "When this happens, it's called an intervention."
Tony and Steve have had a complicated relationship for a while now. Recently, Tony stayed over at Steve's apartment during a storm and something almost happened between them. The two of them have barely said two words to each other since, but that's going to change tonight as Steve has been invited over to celebrate the completion of Stark Tower with Tony, Pepper, and Lara.
"Really?" she questioned. "You honestly want me to go around your lab – which is locked down tighter than Fort Knox – to make sure that no one is hiding in there." Yeah, Tony could see her point.
"Then why'd you come charging out the door when I tried to open it?" Bruce's question made Lara turn around.
"Try me." Steve raised his gaze so that he was looking Tony directly in the eyes. It was now or never.
Although they would be staying on separate sides of the building (apparently, being an Avenger afforded Bruce a "VIP Luxury" room. He tried to offer to trade rooms with Betty as it at least sounded a bit more comfortable than the normal S.H.I.E.L.D. fare, but she declined.) Bruce still felt it necessary to walk her to her room. You know, chivalry and all of that. As they walked, they predictably landed back on the topic of Lara. Which was fine for Bruce, but he still couldn't help but feel weird about talking about her with his ex-girlfriend. Mostly because he shouldn't feel weird because Lara was only his
"Her name is Captain Carol Danvers," he said. "I assure you, she's a friend. We go pretty far back." He then started gesturing to the other people in the room. "These are the Avengers. Dr. Bruce Banner, Agent Natasha Romanoff, Agent Clint Barton, Captain Steve Rogers, and… Some blonde chick who has nothing to do with anything." Lara looked like she couldn't decide to feel affronted or not. It seemed she settled on not as she made eye contact with Tony and her expression snapped back to afraid. Carol, meanwhile, nodded.
"Tony!" He heard it again. It wasn't his imagination this time, especially considering how annoyed the voice sounded. He decided it would probably be best not to acknowledge them. They weren't going to be so kind, though.
"Lara," Bruce said. "I think that the offer is only for kids' birthday parties and things like that." Lara snorted in disbelief.
Tony agreed, glancing towards the door. Although the appointment wasn't as bad as he built it up to be in his head, he was still relieved it was over; especially now since what Cranston said had been right. He honestly did want to get out there and find out what was going on and if this was an Avengers-level problem.
"But Barton is." He hoped Barton was awake and heard that. He made a point to say it loudly, so likely, he did. Tony was just hoping he didn't do the wrong thing. The stern looks on Smith's face said that he might have.
"Iron Man?" Tony's face broke out into a huge grin. The words Nick Fury said during their first meeting almost a year ago echoed through Tony's mind.
The words were written in careful handwriting with blue ink on a crisp, white envelope. The stamps on it indicated that whoever had wrote the letter had paid for it to be shipped overnight express and the return address indicated they lived in Newark, New Jersey (or at least went to school there.) However, they didn't leave a name along with the address. Curious, Clint flipped it over to open it. That's when he saw the most interesting thing about the letter; the sender had sealed it with a kiss.
"Yes," A dagger went through Steve's heart. Peggy promised never to tell another soul for as long as she lived, and yet here was Tony claiming that Peggy revealed that deeply-held secret to him. Steve's emotions went haywire. He didn't know what to think or say and he wanted nothing more than to hit something. (He still had enough sense not to get himself kicked out of the hospital for random acts of violence against medical equipment, though.) He searched for his words for a good long time before speaking up.
"Not just S.H.I.E.L.D.," Tony said. "Pretty much the entire Western World knows I'm bisexual, meaning I like both men and women." Steve was deathly silent, so Tony continued. "I tried telling you this a few days ago, but obviously we never got to finish that conversation, so…"
The woman going by the alias "Agent Duran" stared at the scene in front of her. Just days before she had walked through a neighborhood covered in explosive debris and coated in a thick layer of ruby and sapphire crystals. It had been one of the most inexplicably beautiful things she had ever seen. Now, she was looking at one of the most inexplicably horrifying ones.
"Jacket," Steve listed off. "Socks, shoes, phone, credit cards, wallet…" Surprisingly Lara let out a breath that sounded slightly relieved.
"This is Dr. Martha Smith," he said. "She's worked on Stark before and is familiar with his case." Carol nodded.
"To have sex with me?" Steve nodded in confirmation. "I didn't think you were afraid, I just thought you didn't want to, and I'm not going to push you into anything you don't want to do…"
"Report the weather?" Knežević's palm met his face. It was obvious she was incredibly intoxicated – what person in their right mind would admit to grand larceny to a total stranger unless they had a few – but at this point, it was more annoying than entertaining. "Oh! You mean the robbery thing!"
"No," she said. "Not yet." Hill gave Clint a pitying look before schooling her face back into a serious expression.
Charles left the church in a huff. The young lady he'd been chatting up for the past few weeks had invited him to a party that was being thrown that night. Seeing it as a chance to get lucky, he agreed to go, only to find out that this "party" was a church event. He did go inside for a few moments, though. The young woman was indeed very attractive. However, it didn't take long for the church members to – in his view – force their religion upon him, so he stormed out of there. That girl may have been pretty, but she wasn't worth putting up with that malarkey.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I still haven't made any progress on writing anything new and for that, I must apologize. Inspiration is a little hard to come by right now. Hopefully, future episodes of WandaVision will help to spur some on!
He explained the Raël's plight as best he could. The frog-man listened intently, his gaze never leaving Tarquan's face. When he finished the story, the frog-man allowed a stark moment's pause to pass before speaking up in a heavily accented, croaking voice.
"Alright," Freeman said. "I get the point, but it's not something we have to worry about. There are going to be members of the venue's staff screening everyone in line before they get up to the microphone. If they're going to ask something weird or creepy, they'll get kicked out of line."
"One of my work buddies passed it on to me. He didn't tell me what was on it." Tony shook his head and let out a very forced laugh.
"Precautions regarding the integrity of the building are currently underway," Pepper said. "All the codes are being changed and all systems are being upgraded to prevent something like this from happening again.
"Look at this!" Thor shouted as he held off Loki with Mjolnir. "Look around you!" Loki did so with wide eyes. The city which had been peacefully going about it's Sunday before was now a chaotic madhouse. The Chitauri had spread out and tried to claim the land as theirs as quickly as possible, striking down anyone who dared get in their way. Buildings were being damaged and/or destroyed left and right, and civilians ran in terror through the streets, trying their best to escape without being decapitated by one of the hundreds of invaders descending upon them. It was beautiful! It was glorious! It was… It was…
"Well, there's no time for formalities," Duran said. "People's lives are at stake here and they all depend on your answer to my next question. Do you understand?"
"Yes." The woman inhaled deeply and brought a hand up to run through her hair. Tony looked at her, confused. "Do I know you?"
"Tony," he started to say, but Tony gently placed three fingers on his lips, effectively cutting him off.
"Don't threaten me with a good time." Tony looked over at Steve and smiled to let him know it was just a joke. Lara didn't find it amusing, though, as she lightly hit him on the forearm as he sat down next to her. Natasha, meanwhile, rolled her eyes.
"I know," Natasha said. "I know that feeling, too. I'm feeling it right now. I want to do something to help
"We're still keeping breakfast light, though," Cap said. "Scrambled eggs and toast. Do you guys want any?"
"I manage," Bruce said. "Besides, I shouldn't be out in public where people could get hurt. It's safer that way."
"No, there's not," she said. "There's also no need to grill me on past transgressions. They happened. I acknowledge they happened, and I take responsibility for my own actions. However, they have no bearing on why I'm here today, nor do they affect the job I'm here to do, but if you want to waste all of our valuable time bringing them up one-by-one in agonizing detail, go ahead. I'll be happy to answer them."
The other thing that the board had a problem with was that the relationship and role Stark Industries was going to have with the Avengers was so undefined, but Tony was working on that. The first step he took was the allocate some of Stark Industries funds into clean-up and rebuilding throughout the city. Pepper had agreed to it without hesitation and as a result of all of this, SI entered a joint venture with the US government to create the Department of Damage Control.
"Well," Freeman's voice wavered. "As I said before, it would provide a benefit to our recruitment numbers…"
"Well, I have nothing for you," Pepper said. "So, if you don't mind…" She stopped abruptly when her phone started ringing. Taking the device off her belt clip and glancing at the screen, her eyes went wide. "I need to take this." Within seconds she was tapping the screen and pulling the phone closer to her ear. Meanwhile, Morse moved so that she was standing more directly in Freeman's way, effectively blocking him from the room.
"No," Tony said. "I only talked to him for two minutes. That wasn't enough time to go over the finer details of the last sixty years of world history."
"Trying to watch porn," he said. "That's how I found out." He had to take a moment to wipe at his face before continuing. "One of the X-rated channels got ahold of it. I just happened to be trying to jerk-off when it came on." He let out a completely humorless laugh. "God, I'm an idiot."
"Now go to your room," Mrs. Barnes said. "Your father is going to want to speak with you as soon as he gets home. Bucky nodded and complied, stepping out of the bathroom and down the hall. Mrs. Barnes' gaze became sympathetic as she turned it on to Steve's mother. "I am so sorry, Sarah. I have no idea what got into that girl, but I'll tell you it's going to get knocked out of her
"That sounds like a good idea," Bruce said. "I take it your suggestion was also meant as an offer to volunteer."
"Dad, Dad!" Cooper said. "I lost my bottom tooth!" Cooper pulled down his bottom lip to show him and Clint played up his astonishment.
He felt stupid for not realizing that Tony's fever was that high. Just one degree more and he'd be suffering from permanent brain damage. He probably should have urged him to go to the hospital sooner. Maybe as soon as they got off the plane, but the point was mute now. What's done was done and now Tony was running the risk of serious brain injury or – as he confessed to Pepper – even death. Steve tried to reassure himself that Tony was going to be okay, but if the man himself was saying that he was dying, then things really weren't looking good.
Stark looked back down at the glass in his hand. He had yet to drink his share of the expired drink and seemed to be deciding whether to try pounding it back as he focused on it. However, once he spoke, it became clear that his thoughts ran deeper than that.
"You know," Tony said. "The metal wheel that hamsters and mice and rats run around in? Did they not have those in the '40s?"
"You see," he said. "I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve. It's a nightmare." Tony felt a pang of sympathy rush through him. He didn't know what Bruce's exact situation was like, but he could understand having your whole life changed by a single event.
"No," Tony said. "This is something only I can do." Once again, Conroy seemed to be catching on to what he was saying.
"Excellent," she said. "Now where to start? I guess I'll go with the basics. I was born in Indiana and I'm the oldest of six siblings. My sister is the youngest and there are four boys between us, so you can imagine the chaos that house was growing up. Let's see… I went to the University of Pennsylvania for my undergrad and Yale for my doctorate. I met my husband twenty-five years ago and we'll be celebrating our twentieth wedding anniversary in May. We have one fifteen-year-old son and we live on Long Island. My husband is a former Naval engineer and currently works as a head designer for a ship building company headquartered in Queens. We live a relatively quiet and peaceful life for the most part." She seemed to be content, which caused Tony to frown.
The four super heroes roamed through the woods, following a trail of footsteps which could have only been from the captain.
‘Yeah, I get that, but they would make it so much easier for themselves if they would just cooperate.’
‘You have yawned twelve times in the past twenty minutes! You almost fell asleep against Anthony during dinner!’
At first, the trickster wanted to shout. He wanted to demand an explanation, ask him why he was in his bed, but as Loki looked around, he noticed that he himself was the intruder. The room he was in was not his. The sheets he lay under were not his own. This room belonged to the god of thunder.
‘No explosive material detected. Sending all information to your tablet. As for its sender,’ The AI remained silent for a moment. ‘It seems to be coming from mister Stane.’
Peter placed his hands on the raven’s shoulder and pushed him away, ‘Are you insane?!’ he shouted, causing Thor and Tony to turn around as well.
The blond made his way up the stone stairs, following his colleagues, but where Sam, Tony and Natasha walked straight towards their own desks, Steve had to take a right into the commissioner’s office. He knocked on the door before walking in, ‘You wanted to see me, sir?’
"Thank you," she whispered. Steve gave a small nod and Natasha let things lapse into silence. She still didn't want to be pushed to talk, so Steve let her be.
"Sure," Pepper nodded. "Fourth floor, room P13. Go straight from the elevators and take the second left turn. It'll be on your right." The cop nodded and gave some sort of signal to his two buddies that told them that they weren't needed anymore. As the cop walked over to the elevator and waited for his turn to board, Pepper gently grabbed Lara by the elbow and led her to a relatively empty waiting area.
"Oh, there you are!" Steve turned to look and saw Freeman exiting the access door for the stairs. "I just ran into Barton on the stairs, he looked like he was in a rush, but it's nice to see that you're already ready nice and early this morning." It then became apparent that Freeman had caught sight of what Steve was wearing. "Well, most of you."
Steve sat in silence for another moment, letting the weight sink in. The only people who knew about this horrible man and what he did to Tony were Rhodes, Pepper, and Happy; the people closest to him. Now, that list included Steve. That was a huge burden to take on, and it left his heart feeling weak.
"Yeah," Freeman said. "It was in that speech Salinas sent me." Adoniram sent a sharp, side-eyed glare to the other man who didn't look guilty in the slightest. His gaze went back to Freeman as he continued. "Although, Miss Potts refused to accept my resignation and fired me herself." That revelation caused Adoniram's eyebrows to raise up.
The hospital that Tony was taken to was just as well-versed in maintaining the privacy of their more well-known patients. By the time Rhodey arrived in his car, they had security guards posted at all the entrances and ID had to be shown along with a statement of your purpose in being there. Rhodey showed both his driver's license and his military ID, and given his position within the armed forces and the fact that he was a regular member of Tony's entourage and therefore recognizable as someone who actually knew Tony, he was let inside.
Tony sighed. His mind went alight with all the possible naughty things he could ask for, but as much as he wanted it, he didn't
"That we're aware of," Fury said. "We've had a physician check him out. She deemed him healthy enough not to be constantly monitored."
"So, what are you going to do?" Bruce carefully asked. "Have you looked into treatment options? Therapy? Rehab?"
"You don't know that," Tony said. "You can't know that. You didn't see the way he looked at all." Steve moved his hand so that way his and Tony's fingers were more firmly interlocked and gave it a squeeze.
"Tony, I understand that," Pepper said. "But you and Steve have been living in this empty shell of an apartment for months. You're sharing an air mattress on the floor. Steve can't be comfortable like that and I know for certain that you aren't." She must have hit the nail on the head because Tony seemed to wince a little bit before countering with something completely unrelated.
"The question is not what I would do," Loki said. "Tis what Asgard will do. They would never let you into their domain."
"Yes," Freeman confirmed. "All of them are there. The only exclusion is the Q&A panel you'll be doing later today. That one will be live and open to the public."
That was not her only problem, though. The thing was that the gaps in her memory did not stop after she was "saved" by the Kree or even after she returned to Earth and learned who and what she truly was. There were gaps in her memory after that. They were huge gaps that seemed like bottomless caverns to her; caverns she was afraid to find herself falling into. When she started to go through recovery, she chalked it up to blackouts due to her extensive drinking habits. However, as time passed and she remained sober, she realized the gaps were not going away. If anything, they were increasing in their frequency and if Carol was being honest with herself, it did frighten her.
have?" For a few seconds, Loki just blinked at Barton with a puzzled expression. He wanted to ask what an attorney was and why he was not allowed to have one, but instead, he kept that to himself and just nodded weakly. At that point, the agents grabbed both of his arms tightly and started pushing him towards the nearest stairway.
Tony tried to relax as the warm water washed over him. Steve had suggested that they take a bath, as it would serve to relax Tony more and hopefully help him get to sleep, but Tony knew that wasn't a good idea. If he submerged the Arc Reactor or even just got it a little too wet, the metal would either expand or contract painfully, depending on the temperature. It was something he tried to fix with each new version of the reactor, but thus far hadn't succeeded in accomplishing. That meant no more baths or swimming for fun. He also had to be careful when washing his chest. It was a pain, but one he could live with, especially when his boyfriend was still more than willing to join him in the shower.
"Or Stark's 'un-hackable' system isn't as impervious as he claims, and some Anonymous yahoo released all our security codes and passwords onto the internet." Tony could taste metal in his mouth from how hard he was biting down on his tongue. He probably would have been able to resist the urge to shoot back, if the man didn't have to add "it wouldn't surprise me." That little bit of salt in the wound was enough to arise a response from Tony. Luckily, he managed to keep his cool just enough to avoid going too far.
"This it?" Tony's vision was blurry, so he couldn't really make out the label, but the shape of the bottle seemed to be correct.
Steve thought. He wanted to feel around for a blanket to pull over himself but found that he couldn't move his arms. He couldn't even
"Now, while we wait for everyone to be ready, why don't we go ahead down the line here and have you all introduced yourselves? Like in elementary school, just give your real name, your codename, and just a random detail about yourself." Everyone seemed to agree with that. "Why don't we start with you, Mr. Barton?"
"Just try to do my best," Clint explained. "Try not to do anything that would let Laura and the kids down, no matter how upset or scared I am. I think of them, and I try to do my best for them. Really, in the end, that is all you can do. If you try to be the better person, there is no reason you can ever feel ashamed of yourself, okay?"
After Hill had stopped him from taking drastic action, Steve found himself holding his breath, waiting to see if anything would stop Natasha from doing the same. For a moment, he even wondered if she was doing this for his benefit, given that it came right after the slur. However, just one brief glance into her eyes told him that this wasn't the case. There was a fire there; real fury. She
"Are you worried about the cost?" she asked. "Because if you are, stop it right now. That's for me to worry about later. Right now, we need to get you to the hospital."
"Regardless," Freeman said. "The public wants to get to know the Heroes of New York and all of the media is practically jumping over each other to get dibs on the first interview. If we play this right, this could do an amazing amount of good for both Stark Industries and the Avengers."
"Not the point." Steve made sure Tony was looking him directly in the eyes before continuing. "Listen to me. This is dangerous. You're going to hurt yourself or someone else and I know you don't want that." Tony looked down and away.
Tony tilted his head back and let the cold-water wash over him. He usually took hot showers, but he didn't want to risk the steam making him dizzy to the point where he threw up, or worse. This was nice, though. The water felt soothing on his overly hot skin. Eventually, he felt good enough to get up off the ground and proceed with his shower like normal.
One, Los Angeles was huge and trying to find one single person would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Two, as far as he could tell Tony only owned cars and while he had driven a few times, he was nowhere near confident enough to try driving in a high-density area and having not had time to become familiar with the modern controls. Three, S.H.I.E.L.D. had his shield and while he had the physical prowess and improvisation skills to make due without it, he had a feeling that it would be safer to have an actual barrier to put in-between Tony and this psychopath. Maybe he had just grown overly reliant on the shield.
"But he would for you," Rhodes said. "I don't doubt that for one second." Steve nodded, a tight warmth growing in his chest.
"Alright," Steve said. "I think I'm experiencing all of those…" Although, Steve had to admit the drugs seemed to be doing their job. He had never felt so comfortably numb in his entire life, even if his mind was spinning with questions as to where he was and what happened. It was both pleasant and terrifying.
result you could hope for. It was either that, be targeted for hate crimes and even attempted murder from the community at large or be taken to the asylum. Absolutely nothing was more terrible in Steve's mind than being committed to a lunatic asylum. He had accidentally overheard his mother confiding her experience as a nurse working at an asylum one time when they were particularly hard-up for cash. It made his mother
, but he couldn't remember the last time he took a serious blow to the head (then again, that would be another symptom of a concussion). Just in case, though, he had Happy, Pepper, and Rhodey check his eyes at various points throughout the week. They all said his eyes looked fine (and were terribly confused and suspicious as to why they had to keep checking his eyes.) and he wasn't displaying any of the other symptoms of a concussion, so Tony felt safe taking that off the list of potential conditions. However, removing that from the list rendered the number of possible conditions he could have back down to zero, leaving Tony with no other option but to go back to the drawing board.
My attention's being drawn in six directions at once right now. Let's just get on with this before I snap at someone.
"Nope," Bergeron said, popping the "p." "Everything came back clean as a whistle." Duran let out a groan of frustration.
"I know things," Loki said. "Things you would like to know. I can help you achieve unlimited power." Thanos seemingly chuckled at that.
"I was thinking 'Jesus Christ, why did Barton have to scare the crap out of me?'" Everyone looked confused. "The murder prank he pulled? He made me and Conroy think that someone killed him for drug money?" Lara snapped her fingers as the memory clicked.
. The newest issue he could find looked to be from June of 2006 and the only reason he could tell was because the cover had a photo of him kissing a topless woman at his birthday party. The picture in question had caused his friend with benefits at the time to break into the SI employee parking garage and keyed his car. (Although he completely deserved it, Tony couldn't help but think he got off easy. That was one of the better break ups he'd ever experienced.) He hoped the hospital wouldn't mind if he ripped off the cover of that magazine, along with the article that accompanied the photo.
"You sure about that?" Tony felt the surge of guilt going through him increase as he looked at his friend.
"Indeed, I do," Steve said before surging forward and bringing their mouths together. Tony was immediately pliant and responsive, opening his mouth and allowing Steve full access. The kiss was not long – the timer on the microwave went off, causing them to have to abruptly break apart – but it was plenty heated, leaving the two of them gasping for air for a moment or two afterwards.
He didn't go back to sleep, though. While Steve drifted off with seeming ease, Tony was left wide awake and alone. He'd groan in exasperation, but Steve was still asleep next to him and he didn't want to wake him up. He already felt horrible enough for waking him up once. He didn't need Steve to be up all night as well. Speaking of which, he should probably take care of that before he did end up staying up the entire night.
to. Yes, taking over Midgard and waging war on Asgard was his ultimate plan – even if he did manage to forget that sometimes – it wasn't a full-proof one. Mostly because he idiotically trusted Thanos to hold up his end of the bargain. Hell, Thanos never even technically agreed not to invade Asgard. He just said he'd consider it and that was the end of the matter. For all Loki knew, he'd been played the fool and Asgard would be next up on Thanos' hit list. His kingdom… His
… Something hadn't been right. He told Steve and the medical staff as much that day. He was adamant that something was wrong with him, even when everyone assured him there was nothing physically wrong with him.
wouldn't be able to do it. So, I feel confident in saying that we haven't been hacked. Besides, I think there would have been more than a few chemicals stolen from our lab if it was a data breach of that level. Don't you agree?"
"That day," Tony said. "That stuff with that girl, Jessica… Was that real or was I just tanked beyond all compare and just imaged it?" Lucky for him, Carol nodded.
"I know," Tony said as he took another sip. Honestly, the last thing he needed on top of the Swine Flu and the migraine from hell was a hangover. He swished the alcohol around in his mouth for a solid thirty seconds before spitting it out into the sink and taking a long, deep breath.
It was a very flimsy story. She had no way to verify it if questioned. However, outside of posing as a recruit herself – the idea of which gave her one of the worst bad feelings she'd ever had – it was her best way of getting answers without hurting anyone.
"So, any movie you want," Stark said. "No judgment, even if it's porn." Lara's eyes practically bulged out of her skull.
Steve shook his head to get rid of the dirty images that thought stirred up and instead focused on waking Tony up.
"Is there anything else anyone wants to disclose? Speak now or forever hold your peace." Steve didn't miss the pointed look Freeman gave Natasha and Clint and neither of the spies missed it either.
Yes, you heard me right. I have two months' worth of chapters guaranteed ready to go. I have all of the little dates that are in one way or another important to me covered. However, I should note that I'm not going to try to post in November or December because even with the pandemic, those are going to be busy times for me, so just stay tuned and hopefully I'll have a return date for you all before I have to disappear into the aether again. Apologies for the long note. It's just been a long time and I've missed posting so much! I hope you all are still enjoying this story and please comment, review, kudos, fave, and follow this story if you do!
"First of all, flattery will get you nowhere." Tony's face fell a little bit at being so blatantly called out. "Second of all, we already have you – the owner and face of Stark Industries – going along with Duane the PR guy. Plus, if some sort of freak accident happens where both of you are struck by lightning and killed on the spot, I trust Lara enough to read a pre-written statement on the company's behalf. You don't need me there."
"Cognitive recalibration," Natasha said simply as she sat down on the edge of the bed. "I hit you really hard on the head."
"Quite a bit of unknown tech," Coulson said. "It'll keep the kids down at the Sandbox busy for a while. A lot of it's Tesseract-related, so it could be a help in getting Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. off the ground."
"You need to wash your mouth out after throwing up," Steve said. "Just the taste of vomit in your mouth can make you throw up again." Tony's stomach churned at the thought.
"Alright," Oswin said. "I'll be exiting at the service door near the northwest corner of the building. It's the closest exit to where I am. What should I be looking for specifically?"
"You know what?" she said. "I'll tell you why in court." She then turned on her heel and started ripping through the crowd, ignoring it's current completely. Even though Dante was literally being held down by the Peoples Unity Church, his voice still managed to follow her.
"I'm not upset with you," she said. "Do you know why?" Tony shook his head. "Because there's nothing to be upset with." Tony gave her a strange look. "I'm going to tell you something. Something about one of the greatest men I've ever known…"
"I don't think she's necessarily a threat," Natasha admitted. "At least, not purposefully out of any sort of malice, but there's still a lot of things I didn't like the sound of when she told us her story."
Another thing he hadn't been expecting was the battalion of police cruisers swarming the parking lot of the Stark Industries complex. Tony quickly parked his car and rushed towards the building. Turning his phone back on, he saw he had missed calls from Pepper, the LA County Sherriff's Department, and at least three other numbers he didn't recognize.
If the ventilator wasn't obstructing his mouth, Clint would have smiled. God, he just wished he could be with them right now. His heart ached, he wanted it so bad.
"Don't do that," Rawls said. "Your body's trying to get rid of bad bacteria and pathogens. You're only making yourself sicker by trying to suppress the urge to cough. I know it's disgusting, but if you need to cough, please do so. You can cover your cough with your elbow, but please don't hold back." The doctor got closer to him and pulled out her stethoscope. I'm just going to check your breathing, if you don't mind removing your shirt."
"But you hadn't met the rest of them before or even worked with them," Tony answered in the affirmative again. "That's surprising given that all of you worked as such a well-oiled machine when it came down to it."
She couldn't be the only one asking that question. In fact, given how prone he was to paranoia, Natasha was surprised that Tony really hadn't questioned it. Nat had known Fury for years; had worked under him for almost a decade. Never once had he mentioned a Captain Carol Danvers, or even indicated that he knew that someone with power such as hers even existed. Yes, he started the Avengers Initiative and sought out enhanced individuals like her, Tony, Steve, and Bruce to protect the world, but if he had known this woman existed, why didn't he recruit her? It didn't make sense in Nat's mind, no matter which way she sliced it.
"Trust me, that might actually be a good thing." Lara turned to give him a confused look and almost walked into the door leading to the foyer. Luckily, Bruce managed to pull the door partially open before she fully crashed into it, allowing her to keep some grace and to rebalance herself using the door's handlebar.
"Something came up that's none of your business," was the best Tony could come up with. He really hoped this medication worked. He missed having the ability to think.
Tony took a couple more calming breaths, each one coming easier than the last. Feeling safe enough to open his eyes, he saw that Steve had lain back as well, the tips of his fingers brushing gently against the back of Tony's hand.
"No, I don't need a taxi service," he said. "I need to find the closest lab or chemical production facility to here."
"Steve, can you hear me?" Steve looked down at Natasha. He could see her concern etched in the lines of her brow; concern for him, not Tony. That just made things worse and added the question of whether or not the others were taking this seriously to mind. He'd say something but his throat suddenly felt like sandpaper, making speech impossible. Bruce chose that moment to speak up.
"The Hulk has always loved dogs," he explained. "I don't know why, but if he sees one while he's on a rampage, he'll do his best to avoid it and if one approaches me while I'm in the midst of transforming, he'll start to relax. Obviously, it is probably not practical in the field, but it has worked. It's like he knows he could hurt it or something."
"Do you know what was taken?" Tony could see the head of security, Tobias Wallace approaching the door.
That was until a weight came bearing down on him. He felt tired. A part of Clint realized that he needed to be alive to feel tired, but for some reason that just didn't fully click. He just felt so tired and confused and just wanted to fade away into the darkness. The peaceful, peaceful darkness…
Before anyone could say anything else, they were distracted by a bright flash of lightning that could clearly be seen from the Quinjet's windshield. It was extremely loud and incredibly close, so close that if it were possible for someone to climb out onto the plane's wings and reach out, they could probably touch it. What was worse was that it was followed up by several more lightning strikes, all of which were in frightening proximity to the plane.
"No," Bruce said. "I sent her the necklace back and that was it. I moved to Calcutta shortly after." Lara nodded.
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "It's seen a bit of mileage, and you've got the glow stick of destiny. Would you like a drink?" He gestured over to the bar by the foot of the stairs.
The sound of the sound barrier being broken reverberated through the atmosphere. Jessica raised an eyebrow, impressed. Carol must have been closer than she thought. Within seconds, a bright flash of orange-blue light hit the ground, causing the pavement around it to crack up. Quickly, the light faded, and Carol lowered her helmet, letting her blonde hair fall loose.
"Wow," Steve's mother commented as she inspected his hand. "She got you good, didn't she?" She flipped his hand around to make sure she had cleaned off all the blood. "Thankfully, I don't think you're going to need stitches. We'll just wrap it up and make sure to keep it clean."
So, Steve panicked. The self-preservation instincts in his mind were telling him that if S.H.I.E.L.D. caught on to Steve's feelings, they'd be in trouble. Rather than risking his and – more importantly – Tony's safety, the best thing he could think to do was try to remain detached. It was painful, but it's what was necessary for survival. At least, that's how he figured it in his mind.
"Alright," Thanos finally said. "I'll consider it." Loki let out a breath that he didn't know he'd been holding. "But first you're going to have to prove something to me." Loki swallowed hard.
"We're asking politely," Natasha said. "Would you please show us your security camera feed from last night."
"She's right," Clint said. "S.H.I.E.L.D. can get us access to all the traffic and security cameras in the city. There's nowhere Stark could have gone where we can't find him."
"Fine," she said. "Just know there is probably an orphan hospital somewhere in the galaxy that's going to burn to the ground because I wasn't there to save it."
"Yup," Tony said, popping the "p." "And if you want to know more about it, you can just ask your girlfriend. After all, she's the one who injected me with mystery drugs and kicked my ass into saving myself."
"For either of you," Everhart clarified. "Let me make it more specific, what were you expecting when you first met him?"
"I'm telling you, doc," he heard Tony say. "There has to be something wrong with me. I don't know what it is, but I just feel it."
Still, if she did not want to hurt him, then he could not see why she would even bother in the first place. There had to be a reason. If there was one thing, he could give Romanoff, it was that she never did anything without a reason. He respected that about her.
"I will, too." Pepper pulled one of the heavy glass doors that lead out into the elevator/stair access point. "See you guys later."
"Why not?" he asked. Tony couldn't bring himself to answer. "Is it because you don't care about me?"
"I'm not entirely sure," Lara admitted. "I was waiting for Cabe in the security office. All I know is that there was a bio-hazard on the first floor of the penthouse.
"However, none of them were there at the time and it was the company's CEO – Miss Virginia Potts – that fired me," Freeman said. "I don't know if she was aware of my affiliation."
Remember kids, no one has to know what we do. His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room...
"Aren't you supposed to be digging for my personal issues?" he asked. "Force me to talk about my 'daddy issues,' how I wasn't hugged enough as a child, and somehow twist it all into Gein-like desire to fuck my own mother?"
It wasn't until around seven-thirty that he finally saw headlights pulling into the driveway. Unsure of who it was, Knežević hid behind the couch. If it was Audrey and Stephanie, then it'd be a nice surprise for them. If it was anyone else, he'd have a nice surprise for them.
Steve just stood in the doorway. He wasn't sure what else he was supposed to do. After all, he pretty much got caught red-handed (though, honestly, they weren't doing anything) but his concern for Tony was weighing out his own anxiety on the situation. Tony did not look good. A leper probably looked healthier than he did right now. All morning Steve had been worried for Tony's health and JARVIS announcing that Tony had a 106-degree fever was just the icing on the cake for him.
"Because I override him and locked the door in front of you." Tony frowned, wondering how Rhodey could have so much access if he wasn't…
Just mere moments after coming into physical contact with Knežević, the woman's skin was entirely turned to stone. The only things that remained untouched were her clothes, her hair, her fingernails, and her eyes. The eyes were the worst part, darting around with panic and fear. Knežević observed her for several minutes, watching how her body reacted to the change. Eventually, her eyes stopped moving and glazed over. By his guess, the lining of her respiratory tract became covered by the sheet of stone as well. Because of that, her lungs couldn't expand, and she couldn't breathe, effectively suffocating her to death. Knežević clicked his tongue in response.
He remembered she was a captain, Fury had introduced them, and that for whatever reason she had told him about her struggles with alcoholism. He was still mulling that over. Just everything she said had struck a chord with him. He wasn't sure what just yet, but he could feel something resonating within him. It was strange and he probably needed more time to properly think it over.
kind of a showman," he said. "I just figured if you knew you were going to die, you'd want to make a big show of it."
"Yeah," the man said. "Just remember not to say anything about the party. She was already pretty upset about us going to the concert."
Tony stopped himself from adding that. He didn't need to open that dark can of worms. Not now. Everhart tilted her head slightly.
They knew Tony didn't have his hacked hotel key on him. He couldn't get into anyone else's room unless they let him in. For Steve's sake, they weren't going to entertain the possibility of a kidnapping until they had ruled everything else out and Steve was thankful for it. After all, panicking as he did wasn't fun for him either. They mostly walked the halls – Clint and Bruce going one direction, and Steve and Natasha going the other – looking for anything out of place or odd that might give them some indication of where Tony had gone. Inevitably, though, the two groups ended up running into each other with none of them having anything to show for their efforts.
"Tony!" Steve started to rush to Tony's side but stopped short when he saw Tony pulling the helmet off his head.
"V-E-C-T-E-R," Barton spelled. "Everybody knows that." Lara's face remained expressionless and she kept her gaze focused on him.
"No," Steve admitted. "The past few days we haven't really talked at all. I was just focused on getting him through withdrawal and Tony was obviously suffering."
"I got home at around five," she said. "Dante was sitting in the living room, watching TV. As soon as I walked in, we got into a fight…" Lara had to shut her eyes and shake her head against the wave of dizziness and nausea that came over her. She wasn't sure if it was from the concussion she'd certainly received when she fell down the stairs, or from the "minor" stomach bug that she thought she got over a few days ago, but it was unbelievably daunting. So much so that the officer took notice.
. It took a lot to scare her. Apparently nearly getting pulverized by a giant green rage monster could do it.
Natasha was quick to join the S.T.R.I.K.E. team as orders and directions were being given out. At Hill's urging, Steve joined them as well and listened carefully, but he still couldn't help but notice Nat's demeanor and feel concerned for her. Although she stood perfectly still and kept her posture confidently erect, it was clear she couldn't wait to get to Subarian. He could practically see a tiny Nat standing in her pupil, banging her fists against here eye wall, screaming for everyone to hurry up. The idea of that only made Steve less sure about this operation.
"Of course, you do, because that's who you are." Carol couldn't help but smile at her friend's kind words. Unfortunately, though, she didn't have time for too much of a self-empowerment seminar. The phone beeped, indicating that she was about to run out of call time. She urgently fed another quarter into the machine, temporarily resetting the clock.
"Yes, it was," Lara said. "Which is why it makes an ass out of you and me. I have that saying right, right?"
"I'd say give him a good ten to twelve hours of solid rest before you try waking him up," Dr. Fox said. "But if he wakes up on his own before that, I would say it's safe to go in there. It would be conducive to his recovery for him to be given the truth of the situation as soon as possible, especially given what Stark's already told him." Tony shot a glare at the doctor for talking about him like he wasn't even in the room.
Steve managed to pull the covers back one-handed and lower Tony into the bed. Making sure to spread the blue blanket – which had somehow become Tony's favorite over the last few weeks – over him first, he pulled the covers back over him, tucking him in and pressing a quick, chaste kiss to his lips. Both smiled.
"I know how to be discreet." Tony let out a breath that he didn't know he'd been holding. Peggy got up, careful to keep Sharon balanced on her hip. "I should get back downstairs; Sharon's parents have to be wondering where she is by now. Are you going to go back to the party?" Tony shook his head.
"Roughly two-dozen," JARVIS said. "Although, most of them appear to be patrolling the lower floors and stairways. A facial recognition scan detected that Dr. Eric Selvig and Loki are currently at the Tower. Dr. Selvig is on the roof while Loki is in the penthouse below."
"Why?" he questioned. "I've told him more times than I can count that I forgive him for what happened."
"These are separate rooms." Both Stark and Clint gave the doctor a strange look, but neither wanted to argue the definition of 'separate' right then and there. Instead, they just shook their heads and found their spots. Stark took the bed on the left, and Clint took the one on the right. "Just so you know," the doctor continued. "We will be closely monitoring these rooms via CC TV. The doors off to the sides of each of you lead to a nurses' station. We ask you not to enter those spaces and hit the call button on the remotes connected to the bed if you need something."
As soon as the words "I'm dying" left Tony's mouth, the room fell into sort of a stunned silence. Pepper seemed like she needed a minute to take in the information. When she finally spoke up her voice had a slight panicked quality to it, but overall, she managed to sound relatively calm.
"Well, two clips from the Q&A session have gone viral." Lara caught the apprehensive look on his face. "Don't worry. It's not any of the moments where someone got violently dragged out. The first one was Clint accepting the bracelet for Thor from the little girl and the second was Natasha shutting down that creepy guy asking about her underwear." Romanoff's eyes went wide.
," he said. "I take it you do stuff like that…" He gestured over to the TV, which had now changed to a weather report. "…often."
What happened next astounded Tony. He watched as the red-shaded gold-titanium alloy changed to clear, see-through stone. Although some pieces of wiring and a few inner components were now visible, the inner layers of armor and everything else he could see appeared to be unharmed. Knežević smirked.
Everyone had gathered in the living area of Steve and Tony's suite. Almost as soon as they arrived, Lara (who had brought Clint's puppy with her) practically pushed Steve into the shower. Since they now knew that Tony was safe, there was no reason for him to be running around in a rumpled suit, smelling like a wet goat. She gave him a gray t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants to change into (as it was clear that they weren't going to make it to any of their interviews at that point) and left him to do what he needed to do.
"What do you think of a prison break?" Both anxiety and anticipation began to course through Steve's veins.
"He might be a good boy," Natasha said. "But he's still a dog. Tony might not be a fan and we know that the hotel isn't going to be either. The last thing we need is to pay for damages to two rooms." Clint looked disappointed as he scratched behind the puppy's other ear.
"Sorry about that." She was whispering now. "I'm about to walk in the building and on the off-chance I get caught I don't want to make it worse on myself by having a camera in my hands."
After what felt like an eternity, Natasha's cell phone started to ring. She answered it and spoke quietly with the person on the other end of the line. The conversation was short with only a few words being exchanged before she hung up. Steve's heart froze as he waited for her to speak.
"You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark." Pepper laughed while Lara's eyebrows came together in confusion. "Can you please leave a message?"
"No, but this time it's different." He was essentially pleading at this point. "I've actually been looking into this stuff. I know what I'm doing now and I promise I won't put the girls in any danger."
"Yes," Clint confirmed while scratching the puppy's chest. "At least according to the timestamp on the video." Hill nodded again.
"Thanks," Rhodes said. "And for what it's worth, I hope you never get put into that situation, period."
Again, Marx nodded. Charles' eyes widened in shock, but he quickly saw how he could use this to his advantage.
"Yeah," she said again, this time her voice had more of a cold tone to it. "I went out and did it as soon as Leonard proposed. I kind of want to distance myself from that…"
"Yeah." Steve rubbed at the nape of his neck. "I'm fine." Tony's eyes narrowed, and his brow creased, but he nodded, accepting the answer anyways.
She'd oftentimes find herself in the middle of space with no idea of where she was going and equally clueless as to how she got there; or she'd wake up somewhere with no memory of the events of the day before. She did her best to keep track of dates, places, and how much time she lost on her display pad, but she could not be sure that even those records were fully accurate. The idea that she could be losing much bigger pieces of time sent shivers down her spine. So, she tried not to think about it too often. She had to keep faith in herself that she was truly being accurate, otherwise she was not sure what kind of madness she could spiral into.
It once again fell silent in the room. Natasha was not sure whether that was a good or a bad thing. Stark looked like he needed another moment to process the information and she let him have it. Eventually, he started pouring more spoilt apple juice into his shot glass and Nat pushed hers over to be refilled as well. Again, they toasted before knocking back the shots. It still tasted as horrible as it did the first few times, but both did a much better job of controlling their reactions.
He let out a bit of a sigh of annoyance. At the same time, though, he couldn't blame her for doing that. If anyone would have been able to pull him away from his own misery, it would be Steve. So, Tony just continued to enjoy holding and being held by his boyfriend. Although, he could start to feel the weight of his misery pressing on the back of the mind.
"I'm not sure," Salinas said. "I'd have to discuss it with them again. Why? What are you suggesting?"
Snapping his eyes back open and gasping for breath, Loki took a cautious look around his surroundings. He was back in the underground tunnel network. Selvig was still working on the device with the scientist-minions. The soldier-minions were still patrolling. The Hawkeye stood in front of the device, staring at the Tesseract. He was where he was supposed to be. The pain was gone. All of that was good.
I'm not going to lie, I am not a fan of Barrack Obama. I wasn't when he was President and I'm still not now, but does anyone else miss him? Like, I actually miss having a normal individual who knows when to shut their mouth as President. God, why did we take that for granted?
Cabe sighed from where she was standing a few feet away from the others, but otherwise remained as stoic as always. Obviously, she had already seen the video, so she already knew what was going to happen. Everyone else, though, turned back to watch it all play out for themselves. Tony could tell when they got to the point where Freeman let the Church members in as there were a few muttered comments and Lara actually had to step away to take a few deep breaths, shutting her eyes and placing a hand against the back wall. Pepper had a similar reaction, bracing her hands together and leaning forward to press her forehead against them. Once she took a couple of deep breaths, she straightened up and composed herself swiftly.
Tony took a deep breath in and out. There was nothing he could do to fix the situation now. What's done is done. If Steve didn't want to talk to him, it was his own fault. It's not like he had feelings for him. …Alright, he'll admit that the guy is attractive, but still didn't change the fact that…
"No, they weren't." Lara glanced down the hallway and into the archways that led to the main ballroom, trying to see if there was anyone, she at leased halfway recognized. "Are Romanoff and Barton still here?"
It was rare for him to fall asleep at such an early hour of the evening, and even rarer to wake up at such a late hour of the morning. When he did awaken, it was to a tarp haphazardly thrown over him, a smoothie waiting on the table for him, a colossal mess in the kitchen from the making of said smoothie, the perpetrator of said mess standing by for approval (he'd give DUM-E a B- for effort), and that he had exactly twenty-two minutes to shower, get dressed, and get across town before the board meeting started. Impossible odds, but Tony figured he could make it if he rushed through the shower and ignored all the speed limits set forth by the State of California Highway Department.
Jumping out of bed, Oswin tried to remember everything she had learned from both Nina and the internet about what to do during a major earthquake.
She knew "Code Gray" as it got called often; it signaled a combative person somewhere in the building and an extension of that was "Code Silver" – a combative person with a weapon. "Code Green" was a situation involving the Hulk and she only remembered that because Tony and Bruce sat her down shortly after the Battle of New York to explain to her what she should do if she found herself caught in the middle of such a situation. Luckily, that hadn't happened (
Lara didn't reply to any of the messages. She wanted to keep all the well-wishes on the first page where she could see them. Smiling, she put the phone back down on the table and went to sleep feeling less alone than she had in a long time.
First, if the Avengers had a power couple, it would be Steve and Tony, hands down. Not that the press would know it, given that Steve was still in the closet about his bisexuality and Tony (for understandable reasons) was respecting that even though Tony probably wanted more than anything to be able to run through the streets, telling the world that he was banging Captain America. Second, the media wouldn't be the first ones to assume that she and Clint were together.
"She could handle you though, right?" Once again, Tony knew better than to answer that question. "Exactly. Besides, 'Natalie Rushman' didn't technically exist, so I never appointed her as my replacement."
"What did he say?" Clint asked. Natasha relayed what she heard to him and his face grew more concerned with every word. "Shit." Nat nodded in agreement.
"'As far as we can tell…'" Coulson repeated. Hill narrowed her eyes at the two men sitting at the table with her.
He stepped away from the redheaded agent, not bothering to try and read the expression on her face. Taking a moment to organize his thoughts, Steve got a rough idea of what he needed to do in no order. One, find out where Tony was going. Two, figure out a way to get to Tony. Three, figure out how to protect Tony. Those three things were simple, but the resolutions were hard to come by.
It would be a long time before Rhodey would question Tony's mental state like that again. In that time, Tony would have publicly acknowledged his bisexuality and put those tapes far behind him. The name "Tiberius Stone" would become forgotten to the distant past, and Tony would learn to roll with the punches and grow a thicker skin about what the media had to say about him. He would get kidnapped across the world, have an electromagnet placed in his chest to save his life, be betrayed by the man whom he had come to consider a father figure and a friend, and become a superhero. It would not be until Rhodey caught a glimpse of dark lines crawling up Tony's neck and watched him carry out the most reckless behavior he had ever seen that Rhodey would let the thought haunt him again. Even then, he would struggle to accept it.
"Alright." Tony reached into the bag and retrieved the other burger. Quickly unwrapping it, Tony took a bite of the burger and savored the taste. It was a little cold, but not so much so that it was inedible. "So good," he said.
"Yeah," Lara said. "I mean, we've only been texting for the past twenty minutes, but she seems nice enough."
"What's wrong?" Tony turned to look behind him and saw Steve and Natasha approaching him. "Did you forget the super-secret password?" Tony rolled his eyes.
"I just did." Lara stepped closer to Hill, putting a hand on her back and pushing her closer to the door. "Out." Hill protested the entire way, but Lara managed to get her out the door. As she closed it, the realization dawned on her that she just physically assaulted an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. She bit back a groan as she lightly slammed her head against the door.
"Clint, whatever you do, don't touch your face!" Clint almost did it out of sheer confusion, but then he realized Natasha only ordered him to do that because the powder had completely covered his face.
"Brother Duane?" Adoniram questioned. "I'm sorry, but he's escaping my recollection. Would you mind reminding me?"
"Okay," Steve said gratefully. The more people Tony had supporting him, the better. "What time is he coming?"
"Well then maybe he just doesn't want to talk to you," Freeman said. Steve looked down and swallowed hard.
Thank you to mfaerie 32 and BlueBoulder on FFN for the reviews, and QueenE for the comment on AO3! It really means a lot.
"Oh definitely," Stark agreed. "I doubt even Mr. Good-Boy American Hero would be able to hold back against those sick fucks." Clint's smile got wider.
Steve's eyes darted around the room. Just with that simple action alone, Tony knew that he wasn't alright. Steve was searching the room, trying to find an answer that would placate them. However, he wouldn't find it. Tony knew that all too well.
"He's been through a lot," she explained. "You both have. Talking can help." Steve nodded in agreement, but still looked hesitant. "At least tell me you'll think about it." Steve didn't say anything for a moment, but eventually nodded.
"Isn't that what you said when Joyce died?" Knežević had nothing to say to that. "Exactly. I'm not going to let you put those girls in danger again. I'm sorry, but you can't see them." The floor seemed to drop out from under him just then.
"There's two boxes," Lara said. "I left them in the hallway. I couldn't carry them all the way here."
talk about sex," Tony said. "Safe sex, likes and dislikes, consent… You know, just so we're on the same page when the time finally comes."
, or because he just drank expired juice, he was not sure. (It was the juice.) However, he did appreciate the fact that she did at least apologize for everything she needed to and took responsibility for it. He could not say that many people even tried to apologize to him for anything serious that they did against him, so it was a nice change of pace.
"It's fine." Tony found his eyes going back to the sensor on his finger. He wished he could take the sensor off and leave, but if he took off the sensor the monitor would begin to flatline and he'd be caught right away.
To be honest, neither option seemed appealing to Steve. He didn't want to go back to S.H.I.E.L.D. He had nothing to do there and he was constantly afraid they were going to experiment on him or take his blood. At the same time, though, Steve didn't feel like he had much to do here either. Tony was sick and needed to go back to bed, but Steve doubted he could convince him to. Tony had made it clear that he had already made up his mind and he was going to do this with or without Steve. He didn't want to leave Tony hanging like that, but at the same time he wasn't sure what he would do once the situation was sorted out.
"Alright," Viv said as she started down the staircase that led to the first floor. "If you'll just follow me, we'll start our tour with the first-floor east wing."
"Let me put you on hold." As the boss came to take the phone away from her, she kicked him in the genitals and headbutted him on his way down. The lackeys began to charge at her but she easily deflected their blows and sent them flying to the floor as well. When one of them tried to get up, she slammed one of the legs of her chair on his foot and smashed the back of her head into his nose. She kicked the other lackey's feet out from under him before turning back to the one she was currently fighting and slammed her foot into his thigh.
"It is ten o'clock in the morning, Sir." That wasn't as bad as he'd thought it'd be. Although, that meant he only got five hours of sleep, but at least he didn't sleep until some ridiculous hour like two in the afternoon again. That enabled Tony to move on to his next order of business.
Carol Susan Jane Danvers was not an idiot. She knew something was wrong with her memory. It had been wrong for literally as far back as she could remember, which only happened to be up to certain fateful day in 1989. She had some memories from before then, but in all honesty, they did not feel "real" to her. It was like watching a movie with characters that all had the same names as people she knew in real life. Well, some of them. Others were so far gone that she had to wonder if they even existed.
"Give yourself some credit." Tony put a hand on her shoulder. "Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself… Twelve percent of the credit."
Steve stared forward as he laid across the couch. He had almost dozed off a few times but managed to stay awake. He didn't want to miss it if Tony came back, so he forced his eyes to stay open.
Despite that, Tony couldn't stop thinking about that one video. So, what would be the best way to take his mind off it? If you answered, "by obsessing over another video," then you've won the grand prize!
"No," Natasha said. "Director Fury is worried about overwhelming you with too much of the world at once. Things have changed a lot for both the better and worse and given the fact that you only woke up four days ago… You haven't had time to process this; this world, what happened, all of it. It's a lot to take in at once and it's confusing…"
"The Avengers is a valuable asset to S.H.I.E.L.D.," she said. "Even if we haven't gotten the chance to test you out properly yet, it's our duty to protect you."
"Steve." He broke out of his mental anguish and looked at Tony again. He had rolled over on his side, so he was facing Steve and his lips were tight with concern. "Are you okay? You seemed like you were a million miles away there for a second."
"Tony's sick," Pepper explained. "Can you call the hospital and give them a head's up that we're coming?"
, he dreamed of one day exploring the stars and venturing into the unknown, but it wasn't at all like the media presented it; all vibrant and teaming with life and the promises of adventure and discovery. It was just dark and terrifying, the most terrifying part is what lay above him – a huge ship with entire legions of sky-whales and Chitauri poised for attack, waiting to attack the Earth, to kill them all.
"God damn it, Fury!" she muttered as she reluctantly pulled it on. As much as she hated to admit it, depending on the situation outside, she might need it to help hide her face as she left. So, she had no choice but to wear it. That didn't mean she wasn't going to complain about it, though.
"Not for another hour," Tony pointed out. Lara pulled her phone out of the messenger bag at her hip.
was literally seconds away from death beside her. She had no idea what to do. Her only option seemed to be "take him to the hospital" but she knew that she would be putting herself and others in danger by doing that. Not to mention, a regular hospital might not be equipped to help him. Jess honestly doubted they saw many Kingslayer Jellyfish poisonings in D.C. Unless, you know, someone tried to take a bath in the jellyfish tank at the National Zoo. That would be a sight to see.
"Maybe, if I have time later," Lara relented. She walked past Dante and into the attached kitchen. "I don't know. I've had a long week and I just want to eat something and lie down."
"That's great!" Lara exclaimed before she could even really think about it. When she did, concern laced her voice. "Wait, what about Barton?"
Remember kids, don't listen to me when I'm off my meds. I tend to ramble about pointless topics like this. SERIOUSLY CVS, WHAT THE FUCK?
"Okay." Steve's arms tightened around him. "Take all the time you need. Just tell me when you're ready, and we'll figure things out together."
Having spent most of his adult life in California, Tony was well-versed in earthquake safety protocols. Given that there was nothing sturdy he could reasonably take cover under, Tony had no choice but to crouch down on the floor and cling to the chair he'd been sitting in for stability. Seeing that Cranston was just sitting in place, looking like a fish out of water, he caught her attention and gestured for her to do the same. Thankfully, she wasn't too shocked to take notice. She slid out of her chair and grabbed onto it just as he had. A few moments later, the shaking stopped.
As the kid radioed his supervisor to let Tony through the door, Tony's cell phone began to play "Shoot to Thrill". Checking the caller ID, he saw it was Pepper and answered the call.
A few minutes after Stone sat down next to Tony on the bed, he went in and stole a kiss. Tony was a little surprised at first, but quickly kissed back. It did not take long after that for the clothes to start coming off. Rhodey turned his back to the TV, not needing to see his best friend's privacy be most maliciously violated.
The girl looked to the man behind her – quite obviously her father – who gave her a reassuring nod. She then rushed forward, eagerly holding out the box as she made it to the stage. Barton took it graciously and exchanged a few words with him after a few moments, he looked back up at the crowd.
"No," Fury said. "But I wouldn't put it past Howard Stark to withhold certain files from S.H.I.E.L.D. archive if he believed they were of use to him. He did try to keep a vial of Rogers' blood for himself, after all."
"Maybe not," Steve said. "But any insight you could give as to what you were thinking, and feel would be appreciated. Plus, it would probably help to talk about it. What do you think?"
Looking around the room, Tony was quick to notice that all the agents had gathered around the observation room window. Tony worked his way around the people until he was standing directly in front of the window next to Hill and Coulson.
"Good," he said, feeling a small weight come off him. Although his memories of those two days in D.C. were a bit hazy at best, he did remember that she tried to help him (after hurting him, but still.) Hearing that she was going to be okay gave him one less thing to worry about on a list that was growing with every passing second.
Natasha sat on the floor of the hallway she had been running down while being pursued by the Hulk. Literally, thank God that Thor was able to intervene. Otherwise, she probably would have had her brains smashed out. She had one leg – the one that had been trapped under the debris of the explosion – pulled close to her and she was shaking. That shocked her.
"Well, think about what they can do," Freeman said. "They were able to stop the apocalypse all by themselves. Don't you think that could be useful, particularly against the Kree?" Adoniram stood up. His voice took on a dark tone.
Gently slipping out from under Steve's embrace, Tony quietly padded over to the en suite bathroom, one of the only rooms in the entire apartment that was technically finished. Getting down on his hands and knees, he opened the cabinet under the sink. There, he retrieved an inconspicuous-looking box from the back and produced a flask from inside. Tilting his head back, Tony downed as much alcohol as fast as he could. He got about halfway through the flask before sealing it and putting it back inside the box. The box went back into it's hiding place in the back of the cabinet and pulled himself back up so that he was eye-to-eye with the man in the mirror.
"You know," he said. "Normally I wouldn't mind you staring at me, but you have this look on your face that clearly says something's wrong." Steve bowed his head.
Unsure of what else to do, Steve slammed Tony's door shut and got into the seat behind him. The other rear passenger seat was occupied by Conroy, who was still on the phone with the hospital. Things were quiet for almost the entire drive. Tony most likely fell asleep, Steve and Pepper didn't have much to say to each other, and Conroy was too busy telling her small, black device that yes, she'll hold every few minutes. He didn't think anything could be more awkward than the car ride the night before, but apparently he was wrong.
"Sure, you do," the officer dismissed. Tony frowned and reached out to press the button again. To stop him, the officer grabbed his wrist. "Don't make me restrain you."
"Oh yeah," she said before turning to Clint. "What the fuck was up with that?" Clint looked around the room with wide eyes.
Tony could not lie, he felt like he was going to be sick. Whether that was a result of the emotional upheaval of his conversation with Romanoff…
"So, how was your assessment? Are you ready to take the next step on the journey?" Lara wanted to take a step back but was afraid it would lead to another and another until she was eventually backed into a corner. She knew better than to allow that.
About an hour later, the front door opened. Carol had started to doze off but was jerked awake by the sound. She rushed into the hallway with a fist set and ready to blast whatever intruder thought it smart to encroach on their territory to kingdom come. Luckily – to her relief – it was only Fury and what appeared to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. doctor.
The door to the suite was open, so Steve just walked right in. Tony was surprised to see the other Avengers standing there, waiting for him. He didn't think they would care enough even to look so concerned. Alright, he thought Bruce might be a little worried at least, but he wasn't expecting Barton and Romanoff to care at all. The only one that didn't look concerned was Lara. The expression on her face looked more like one you would give a person who cornered you in an alleyway with an AK-47. He couldn't blame her. Honestly, he felt the same.
Once he deemed Tony's hair clean enough, Steve moved on to his body. He was careful to be gentle with or entirely avoid the sensitive areas Tony warned him about (such as the Arc Reactor) and for that, he was grateful. However, if Steve running his fingers through his hair sent him into ecstasy, then there were no words to describe what him running his hands over his body with a washcloth did. Well, outside of making his already dirty mind run rampant. When Steve finished with one last quick sweep over his body, Tony couldn't help but respond by tackling him into a heated kiss that caused Steve to tumble backwards into the glass. Then, he repaid him in kind by washing down his body as well, the entire time hoping that it gave Steve as much pleasure as he had experienced himself.
Steve had to admit, he was decently surprised when the plane touched down in Washington D.C. He wasn't sure what Tony's plan was, but he could already say the man went above and beyond all expectations for a date – let alone a platonic outing between friends.
Loki stood dumbfounded in his cell. He hadn't foreseen this. The Tesseract hadn't shown him this. Although, he had to applaud the Black Widow. It took a lot of skill to trick a trickster, and somehow she managed to succeed in doing it.
"Tones," he said. "Look at me, please." Tony stubbornly refused for another few moments before relenting and meeting Rhodey's eyes. The amount of hurt and pain Tony's brown eyes held was truly haunting.
"Sorry," she apologized, but she didn't stop, slow her pace, or even attempt to take the dress back. Instead, she kept pushing forward with only one destination in mind: the exit.
Speaking of recoveries, Tony wasn't surprised to hear from his doctor that a compatible donor match had been found. It was rare for a bone-marrow match to be found between two people that weren't related, and even rarer considering Tony's blood type, but somehow it had been done and Tony couldn't help but think that "somehow" went by the name of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement Logistics Division. Well, if S.H.I.E.L.D. could be relied upon for anything, it's that they'd save your life and then act like complete dictators about it afterwards. He'd write a strongly-worded letter to their HR department, but he highly doubted they even had one. Either way, they were just waiting for the strep infection to clear up and Tony to get his strength back before they went through with any procedures.
It felt like forever before S.H.I.E.L.D. let Bruce and Betty go. Well, technically they didn't let them "go." Both would be spending the night in the Hub. Bruce because it still wasn't safe to return to Avengers Tower and Betty simply because she didn't want to fly back to Virginia in the middle of the night. So, S.H.I.E.L.D. had to put them up for the night.
"I'm sorry, what's going on here?" Annabeth's eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "Why do I need an alibi? Am I in trouble?"
"Of course, I know about Iron Man," Knežević said. "We might not have had computers in prison, but we certainly had access to a TV. I wouldn't worry about him, though." Knežević gestured over to the TV and Oswin turned her head to see Tony Stark being interviewed by some overly bubbly blonde. The banner beneath them both read
"Oh, there it is again," Tony said. "'Mr. Stark.' You know, I don't know how they did things in the forties, but people don't generally refer to people they text daily and spent an entire weekend with by their last names." Tony smirked, Steve tried to keep his expression neutral. "Besides, I think this problem is a little too big to take my attention away from. Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables."
Hanging up the phone, Rhodey headed back over to the TV, not even chancing a glance at the screen. He kept his gaze on the VCR's stop and eject buttons until the screen went blue and the tape popped out of the loading bay. As soon as it was out, Rhodey took it and stormed out the front door of his house, heading straight for the driveway.
"Let's find out." He went over to the bathroom door and knocked. "Tony?" No answer. "Tony, honey, are you awake?" Still no answer. Lara sighed and walked past him.
"'At this end?'" Fury questioned. Clint was a little surprised that he didn't catch on to the obvious.
"Still, doesn't it seem odd…" Clint heard the bedroom door creak open. It was shortly followed by a sharp gasp.
After about fifteen minutes of struggling, Steve was finally able to get the suit off and was able to change into jeans and a black sweater. He was just pulling the shirt over his head when JARVIS spoke up.
"Yeah," the frog-man had said. "That happens to everyone the first time. With practice, you can probably control it. I don't know. I haven't experimented with it." Tarquan gave the frog-man a disdainful look. Once again, the frog-man laughed. "Alright," he said. "But you have to agree that there's a whole lot of information on that thing. Information on things like 'how to start a society' and 'how to make a barren planet livable'. Even if not, you defiantly saw the rise and fall of at least a few groups. You can learn from that. Not make the same mistakes."
That was all he needed to hear. Pulling the underwear down with one quick motion, Steve was left exposed to the air.
sleeping together) and said nothing about it. He didn't know if Rhodey had pieced it together or not, but Tony assured him that if Rhodey did, he wouldn't publicly out him. Apparently, when Tony and Rhodey were college roommates there was an incident involving a sock falling off a door and that's how Rhodey found out? (Steve wasn't sure, that's just how it got told to him.) Regardless, Rhodey knew long before Tony was publicly outed and didn't tell anyone. If Rhodey figured it out Steve could trust him not to say anything about him either. Hence, he and Tony hadn't been together around other people for a long time, and now they were and that was stirring up old thoughts and worries for Steve.
"Lara," Conroy provided without missing a beat. "You're not my boss, so feel free to call me that. Last name?"
"No, he's not." Before Clint could come up with a proper rebuttal, a thrilled, feminine shriek echoed through the room.
"Nope, nothing." There was then the sound of something throwing itself against the door. Clint hastily shushed it.
"Schaffer, enough!" Pepper's voice reverberated off the walls. The board members turned their attention to her while Tony kept his gaze firmly on Schaffer. "None of this relevant to anything we are talking about. It's just a poorly veiled attempt to attack Mr. Stark. If you do not want to be ejected from this meeting immediately, I suggest you keep your opinion of Mr. Stark to yourself and keep all comments relevant to the topic at hand. Understood?" Tony shot the other man a challenging look.
"I didn't need to know," he explained. "I didn't ask." Natasha got up and moved to look out the glass panel on the door to his exam room/cell. Her hands were on her hips and though she had her back to him, Clint doubted he'd be able to read the expression on her face if she was facing him. "He's going to make his play soon, though," he was able to supply as he reached for the glass of water. "Today."
"That's good to know," the doctor said. "So, fever and nausea. Are those the only symptoms or are there any more you'd like to discuss?"
"Barton's sick," he said. "That we know for sure." He heard her let out what he was sure was a curse in French.
Stark nodded and Fury turned to go get Dr. Smith. Carol took that as an opportunity to head to the kitchen to get that snack. It took her a few minutes to search through the cabinets, but eventually, she found a bag of pretzels that still looked fresh. She also grabbed a bottle of bright-green Gatorade that she found in the fridge. It wasn't for her, though. Although Stark probably couldn't handle solid food now, he was still dehydrated an in need of electrolytes. Gatorade was the best thing on Earth for that.
"Saved them for what?" Adoniram questioned. "To rot away in prison? To have all our power stripped from us? Is that it?"
Clint's mind supplied before he could even really think about it. He frowned. Deep down, he knew that was right. However, a small part of him questioned whether it was right or if it was even his own thought. The onslaught of his worst fears didn't follow, so maybe it was. …Or maybe it was planted there. Could anything he thought be his own thought or could it all have been planted there by someone; by Loki. A cold shudder ran down his spine.
The beam of light that held the portal open went out. Natasha did what he said without the need to repeat himself. Slowly, the hole in the sky began to close itself. Steve directed his gaze to the ground. His heart was pounding. He couldn't breathe. This was the scariest thing he ever felt in his life. He was overwhelmed with the urge to run in search of a place with breathable air, however, his feet remained firmly planted to the ground, every single cell in his body wrenching with the loss.
"No," he said. "I'm not next of kin, so they couldn't tell me anything, but the last time I saw him… He looked bad Steve."
"No," she said. "Does this have to do with that robbery at Stark Industries that was all over the Internet yesterday?"
"It's just what he wants," Steve narrowed his eyes skeptically at that, but eventually Natasha's questioning gaze met his eyes. She was silently asking whether she should continue what she was doing. Steve nodded and gestured for her to do so. Natasha then left, leaving the two of them alone in the kitchen.
"Get them extremely sick or get as many people sick as possible," Bruce concluded. "A lot of things can do one or the other."
Pepper got up and Steve followed her down the hall to Tony's room. Upon entering, Steve saw Lara playing with her small, black device again while Tony was writing his information down on the forms Lara had been filling out earlier. Tony glanced up from the clipboard and his and Steve's eyes connected. Steve pushed away from the fluttering feeling an anxiety that stirred up and just reveled in the relief that Tony was okay. That moment didn't last though as Lara spoke up, capturing everyone's attention.
"So, you're saying that the Hulk…" Bruce sort of scoffed to himself. "The Other Guy saved my life? That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?" Tony didn't even flinch as he maintained eye contact with Bruce.
"Hi," Carol greeted, forcing a pleasant smile to appear on her face. "My name is Catherine Donovan. I'm a reporter for
Speaking of what he had planned, that was another reason why he couldn't recruit the Avengers; they would most certainly try to put a stop to it. He just knew none of them would be able to morally stand for it – no matter how much brainwashing he subjected them to – so they had to be eliminated. That was why he ordered Sharpton to send the virus to Avengers Tower. He wanted them out of the way ASAP.
"You said no one was infected, but you wouldn't be so eager to talk to Dr. Subarian unless someone's life was on the line." Natasha didn't correct her. She got the information she needed. There was no reason to keep up the lie. At least, not a tactical one. "Oh, which one was it? Stark? The monster? Your little boyfriend?"
Dazed, Tony sat up a little bit. Looking around, he could see that the room was the same shape it was when he last slept in it, but it felt a lot smaller. The walls were a dark shade of blue and the raw poured cement floor replaced with a dark-stained hardwood. There was a TV and a small seating area in front of him. On his right side, a desk had been set up along with a basic PC. (Obviously not meant for Tony.) However, the most significant change was that he was lying in a bed. Not on a flimsy plastic blow-up bed nabbed from some liquidation store. An actual, real bed that he was going to share with Steve. He couldn't lie, it felt nice.
Those thoughts, obviously, depressed him. He tried to push them away, but every time he did, his thoughts would go to his symptoms and how sick he felt. When he pushed those thoughts away, his mind would go straight back to his loved ones and what would happen to them after his likely impending demise. It was a vicious cycle and it did nothing to help him relax. He tossed and turned for a bit, but ultimately, he had to accept that he wasn't going to fall asleep. Rolling back onto his back, Clint opened his eyes again.
"Right away, Sir." JARVIS then brought up the video feed on the holographic screen. Tony sat down in his chair and took a sip of his orange juice.
Tony's eyes went back to Steve's. He could see that his boyfriend was looking for assurance straight from the horse's mouth, but for some strange reason, Tony couldn't find the words to say. He just kept looking at his boyfriend, blankly. It was honestly the most assuring expression h could manage with the turmoil of emotions churning inside of him. Steve looked at him with a sad expression and placed a hand on Tony's cheek.
When Coulson's team first came across the frozen man, they were certain he was dead. It wasn't until they started thawing the ice around him to retrieve the body that they realized that the man was, in fact, alive. He kept trying to breathe despite the thick layer of ice separating him from the fresh air and once they had him thawed enough they felt for a pulse; confirming that he was still alive. They quickly freed his body from the remaining ice, got him on a gurney, loaded him up on the Quinjet and headed to New York – the closest S.H.I.E.L.D. base that had the equipment to handle that kind of medical emergency.
"I don't know," she said. "I just know that I want this to be over." Lara shut her eyes and rested her head against her knees. Bruce put a hand on her shoulder comfortingly.
"Good," Betty said. "And my e-mail address is still the same, so you have no reason not to check in every once in a while."
"Like, if I'm in the middle of pulling people out of a burning building, I'm going to finish getting everyone to safety before I come running to help."
The broadcast then flipped over to the image of a brunette woman wearing an ABC 7 Eyewitness News baseball cap standing in front of a police barricade.
"Listen, Doc…" It was only then that Tony realized he had an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He tried to raise his hand to lift it up but was quickly reminded that his hands were restrained. Luckily, the doctor did the kind thing by lifting his mask, so he could speak. "Listen, Doc, I know I didn't properly check out. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway. I'm not going to apologize for it, though. I had to leave, there was no other choice." The doctor allowed the mask to snap back over his mouth and nose.
‘Yeah, sure! You’ve got really awesome magic skills, uhm, what did you say it was again? Siedor? S-Seifer?’
Steve pulled of his mask with a loud gasp, throwing it away together with the fluffy paws of what now was his costume again.
The teen nodded and put on Steve’s vest. It was indeed warm, though it smelled of dried blood and sweat. Peter’s eyes fell close, the steady rhythm of Steve’s breathing calming him down. The lights were shut off the moment he let his head rest on the pillow. He placed his hands against the blond’s abdomen, cold fingers soaking up the warmth of the other’s body. He gulped as he felt not only the scars on his skin, but something else crawling underneath as well.
‘I start to understand why my brother does not look at you in favor,’ The trickster heard his brother grumble as he leaned heavily against a wall.
The raven laid his eyes on a man who seemed to be fiddling on some sort of red and golden full-body armory, singing loudly to the music that echoed through the air, moving his hips along with the beat. He must be working, or playing, it did look like he had a lot of fun. The raven observed the stranger for a moment, wondering whether he should leave or further investigate. Trusting his brother’s words that these people were their friends he ventured further, looking at all the strange technology and weapons which were either carefully displayed or carelessly scattered across the floor. He then turned to the man, who was now writing down some formulas on a large whiteboard, mumbling to himself as he did so.
In the meanwhile, Peter, who walked a few feet behind the two Avengers, was starting to get a sore neck from constantly having to check on the trickster behind him, whose pace just seemed to get slower with every step he took.
Loki was his own original age again. The hand resting on his chest used to be so small, however, it had not lost it softness. Raven hair which was once short was now shoulder-length, though it had not lost its brilliant shine in warm morning sunrays. His body, once so small and fragile, now strong and lithe, though it had not lost its familiar scent. A scent so pure and delicate, so utterly Loki.
‘Well, I guess he can’t really get far… Thank god we installed that chip in his neck.’ Stane stared at his doll, wiping the blood from his ring before casually burying his hands in his pockets. ‘Come here.’
‘Why is there a kid in my workshop? Please don’t tell me one of my one-night-stands dropped him off.’ Tony said as he kept his eyes on the child, breaking out in a sweat as he already tried to think of a way to explain this to the captain.
‘He seems rather familiar, would you not agree?’ Thor said as he leaned over the child who was still looking at them with fear written across his face.
‘No! N-no, we- we thought that we heard a shower when we were standing in front of his door, so Thor went inside without another word.’
The doll retreated his hand and remained completely silent for the rest of the ride, not wanting to upset his master even further.
‘Well,’ Loki stared at the three adults in front of him and then back at Thor, softly muttering, ‘yes brother, I will wait here…’
The warm summer sun shone brightly as the trickster and the spider stood in the garden. Their bare feet in warm green grass, their hair dancing in a playful summer breeze, their capes, made of large towels, fluttering dramatically in the wind.
‘Ah, damn,’ Quill sighed irritated. ‘Why not? Is he on a mission already? I mean, I could wait ‘til he gets back you know?’
The trickster stared at the floor again for a moment, lost for words. He then murmured something so softly that he was hardly audible. ‘True… I am sorry, mister…?’
‘ON YOUR LEFT!’ Loki shouted at the top of his longs as he and Sam passed the unsuspecting runner from behind, causing Steve to nearly jump out of his skin and trip over his own legs, his body now covered in velvet dust as he rolled down the track.
‘…Well,’ Wanda said after a short silence, ‘as much as I’d like to stay, I’m afraid I’ll have to go.’ She pressed the tip of her nose against that of the child, causing him to softly chuckle again and she passed Loki onto Clint. ‘Scott and Rhodes are waiting for me, but you’ll take good care of him, right?’ she then turned her attention to the young raven, giving him a quick kiss on his cheek. ‘I do hope Thor will take a loooong time to find a remedy.’ She smiled and walked out of the room.
‘Okay, come on then.’ Tony held out his hand and supported the doll till he stood on his own two feet. He guided him towards the bathroom, taking slow and gentle steps. ‘Can you take a bath or shower? You know, without electrocuting yourself?’
Steve lay completely still on his back, waiting for Tony to return or tell him what to do. ‘Master…?’
‘Uhm- yeah, no. Sure.’ He lifted the covers, gesturing for Peter to get in the bed. He lay down next to him, the chain attached to his ankle rattling as he made sure to give the teen most of the blanket. He sat up straight as he noticed that the teen started to shiver and pulled off his hoody. ‘Here,’ he offered it to Peter. ‘Might still be warm if you put it on now.’
‘So, no signs of any kind of struggle or fight?’ Steve asked with a frown as he looked through the pages of the report, sighing at the little help it was providing.
It only took Tony a couple of minutes to spot the kid, even without the help of Jarvis. The teen was sneaking around, looking rather nervous as every little sound caused him to gasp, hold his breath and freeze completely, only to continue his search as everything seemed safe. He tiptoed through the corridors on old, worn out shoes, the legs of his pants slightly to short as he had clearly outgrown them, showing off two different black socks.
‘Ah, one last question,’ Tony said before turning around and he looked Thor in the eye. ‘Where were you last night between twelve and two o’clock?’
‘Okay, Stark, all I’m saying is that I won’t blame her if she gives you a ticket for speeding.’ A blond man argued towards his college as he stepped out of the car.
‘Okay, but, surely you have spoken to him, sometime?’ Tony tried, ‘He was around for almost a year and you can’t avoid him forever.’
Tony’s mind was a complete mess. He needed to get rid of Steve before it was too late, before he would lose himself completely to an artificial personality.
‘Well,’ Fury continued calmly and he took in a deep breath. ‘I understand your problem, but we can’t just look away after a confession like that.’ He stood up from his chair and patted Steve on his shoulder. ‘This is a hard case, Rogers. You and your team did well. I assume I can now categorize this case as solved and closed?’
Deciding it was perfect weather to play outside, Loki dragged a heavy chair he found in the dining room towards an open window and cautiously climbed outside. With his bare feet now digging into soft green grass he explored the large garden, rolling down hills, watching the fish swim in a stylish decorated pound and climbing the trees, laughing all the while.
Tony placed his hands on Steve’s hips and hallowed his cheeks, skillfully fucking his face on the blond’s cock. He licked the head, the bitterness of pre-cum sending a shiver down his spine, his moans stifled as he buried Steve’s cock in his throat again. It did not take long before he felt the blond’s hips quiver underneath his touch, telling him that he was about to come. Tony looked up through his lashes and saw Steve’s chest heaving heavily with each breath he took.
‘This is not some bastard child,’ Thor’s voice ringed with irritation, an eye twitching as he lay a protective hand on the little raven’s shoulder. ‘This is my brother! This
Steve nodded, thanking Thor for his time before leaving the mansion and driving back to the police station with Tony.
Bucky remained silent for a moment as he just stared in front of him, feeling the still runny batter now slowly drip from his hair. He then took a deep breath and managed to conjure an expression on his face that was supposed to represent a forgiving smile. ‘No worries, kid.’ He said through tightly clenched teeth.
With careful steps he made his way down the wide stairs, one small foot at a time. The white marble felt cold to the touch, every soundless step sending a chill up his spine.
‘Thank you,’ Loki smirked. He turned away from the teen, cleaning the table he had been working on. ‘Now tell me, what are you supposed to represent?’ he said as he noticed the three-piece suit the teen was wearing. ‘I thought you were supposed to look fearsome on Halloween and to be honest, your costume does not scare met at all.’
‘I always go to him at night, when Thor is walking through the mansion with Bucky,’ the raven gulped. ‘I always make sure to be in bed again before he comes back. That, uhm- that night, Mister Killian had a few drinks with Miss Potts and he was drunk. He was still drinking when I got to his room and h-he had dropped his glass. The shards were everywhere and I wanted to clean it up but I- I-’ For the first time Loki opened his trembling hands, his palms now clearly visible.
‘Yes, brother,’ the raven’s voice was soft, his eyes closed as he buried himself under the pile of blankets. ‘Sleep well.’
‘So, Thor is your father?’ Loki then looked from Thor to Vision and back again. ‘Well, it does explain the cape.’ He smiled, ‘my brother always loved capes.’
Peter sat in the back of a large black car, another girl, who would now be his younger sister, sitting next to him. He did recognize her, had passed by her many times in the orphanage yet had no idea who she was. They held their bags close to their bodies, remaining very quiet just like their new dad had ordered them to.
‘Nay, my little brother. I believe it is best for you to stay here,’ Thor then smiled and placed his hand on the raven’s shoulder. ‘Not to worry, you are in good company.’ He turned his torso slightly, making Loki face his fellow Avengers, ‘These are our friends, Loki. They are strong, much like the Einherjar. There are no hands in which you would be safer. Now, be brave and wait here for my return. Do you think you can do so?’
me to finish it.’ Bruce smiled somewhat as he thought back to the late hours he spend on the formula under the eager and watchful eyes of the playboy. ‘Honestly, I think your dad was more excited to see the results than I was.’
‘But- I-’ Tony stammered in protest, pointing at his glass which was still filled with liquor. He growled something beneath his breath as he noticed that his partner would not wait for him. He looked at the old man behind the bar, who raised his shoulder in an equal lack of understanding. Tony grumbled softly and quickly took a big gulp of his drink before leaving the bar as well, following his partner.
‘We are in Midgard, Loki,’ Thor said as he stood up, holding his younger brother in his strong arms. ‘but I believe the question would rather be; what happened to
So what do you think?? It was so funny, when I watched Lilo and Stitch, all I could think of was Loki... So either the story lines are a little bit alike or I am just going crazy with Marvel-madness... Maybe a bit of both... Probably the second though XD
‘I don’t know, ask for a raise? He’ll be pissed enough for the rest of the day to leave me alone,’ Steve smiled at Sam’s almost desperate frown. He walked out of his office, Stark at his side, and the two left the police station.
He then focused on the other two grown-ups standing with her. The first was female, red hair, grey eyes, her expression soft and gentle. The other was male with short brown hair, his clothes seeming more casual. The trickster stared at them for a few seconds, hoping he would recognize at least one of them, but he didn’t. The man looked strong and could easily pass as a palace guard, but he was not wearing any armory or weapons. The two women seemed fair and determent, reminding Loki of the Valkyrie.
‘Oh, yes! And I always knew what that little bastard was up to as well! Had to keep a close eye on that one.’ The man laughed and leaned slightly forward, lowering his voice as if he was going to tell the two a very big secret. ‘You see guys, the thing with younger siblings is to let them
But it was too late. The small god of mischief, hanging from the man’s grip by his wrist, was crying.
‘It’s okay, Steve, you’re old, you get slow, that’s nature.’ Sam smirked as he shook his head, patting his friend on his shoulder, causing for some red dust to float into the air.
The two nodded, following his lead and making sure to stay close. Peter’s eyes were wide in astonishment, a crunching sound coming from beneath his feet as he walked over the gravel path towards the grand door. This will be his home now. This will be the place where he will grow up, celebrate his birthdays, holidays, and spend the rest of his life with the people he would now call family. He stared at Obadiah’s back, tears slowly filling his eyes as he wanted to wrap his arms around the man’s waist and thank him.
‘How come I-’ Strange tried to speak, but he closed his mouth again as he tasted some sand in his mouth, coming from the raven’s small bright red boots. ‘Okay, just- just stop,’ but Loki kept squirming and kicking. ‘Listen, I just- I- HEY!’
‘I would like for you to- to-’ Steve’s chest rose sharply in a gasp as Tony wrapped his fingers around his cock, moving it up down agonizingly slow before prying his legs apart.
Loki stared at  the former Air Force pararescue airman with wide open eyes, his mouth slightly ajar. ‘Sir…?’
The playboy focused on the road as he tried to convince himself he shouldn’t feel remorseful over sending back a sex doll. He will have a talk with Stane and ask for an explanation to why Steve’s memory was full of these horrifying images.
Tony nodded though he did not seem completely convinced. ‘But… why did he react so strongly to a sex doll?’
frustration. ‘Okay, so what? You on mute or something?’ Tony sighed deeply as the doll nodded, perching his hands on his hips. ‘Unmute. Now tell me, what the hell was that all about?’
Loki walked down the hallway, his dark blue dress shirt hanging over his knees, his sleeves dragging over the floor. He looked outside the large windows, noticing how all the colorful flowers were blooming in the bright sun, bees buzzing around, working hard to collect precious nectar. It must be summer.
‘He’s still at Fury’s office, asking for that raise,’ Natasha said as she stood up from behind her desk and grabbed her tabled.
‘Loki,’ Thor quickly smiled and walked over to the teen, resting his hands on his shoulders. The words he then spoke left Tony and Steve to look at each other in wonder, for the blond was speaking in a language they didn’t understand. They saw how Loki’s mouth fell slightly ajar as Thor spoke the name of the victim, his emerald eyes darting from Thor towards the two detectives.
‘Well, though I believe your constant thirst for knowledge and curiosity is coming from Anthony, I believe you ow your more caring side to Steven.’ The god shook his head with a chuckle after which he went up the stairs and helped the captain to bathe his younger brother.
‘Probably a spell that backfired,’ Natasha guessed as she looked at Loki, wondering why she felt the sudden urge to hold the child and just hug him through the rest of the day. ‘I do remember him saying something about wanting to practice his magic today.’
The raven looked at himself, noticing now how the color of his skin was slowly turning a dull shade of grey, much like ash. Loki’s breath quickened, his chest heaving as his blood was racing through his veins. ‘We have to make haste…’
‘Loki Odinson, you are hereby under arrest for voluntary manslaughter,’ Steve stated as his partner cuffed the teen’s wrists. ‘You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be used as evidence against you in a court of law.’
Overwhelmed by the sudden outburst, Loki tripped backwards and fell in the mud, his eyes wide as he stared at the teen in utter confusion.
you don’t know what they’ve been up to, but in the meantime-’ The old man did not finish his sentence and merely smiled knowingly, giving Tony a quick wink as the man nodded in agreement.
Tony closed his eyes as the muscles in his stomach tightened. The doll’s ass slicking up. The playboy blissfully assumed it was caused by his precum, having no idea that the machine had started to bleed long ago.
‘Your shirts, sir. They fit but just barely. It seems like the shirt he is currently wearing will end up at least two sizes bigger.’
‘Yeah, they can stay,’ Steve nodded, bringing his bottle of beer to his lips. ‘Loki in the mansion, and Thor in prison…’
is that a full-grown man abuses and rapes a fifteen year old kid,’ Tony snapped, running a hand through his hair.
‘…Oh,’ Stane seemed completely taken aback, taking just a second too long to answer. ‘Oh! Yeah, that’s Peter. He’s my nephew. Good kid, just-’ he remained silent for a moment to choose his next words carefully. ‘He is a little… disturbed. Kid’s got some screws loose in the head, if you know what I mean. I blame his father, but who am I to judge? I take him in a couple o’ days, now and then, just so my poor sister can get some rest.’
Half an hour had passed in which Steve did not dare to look up from his feet, fearing he would upset his master who has been so kind to him.
‘Shit…’ Tony cursed in shock at the kid’s desperate attempts. The child seemed to pay him no more attention, his focus now solely on the doll as he kept slamming and shouting. ‘Steve,’ The playboy pointed at the window, ‘You know that kid?’
‘I am Tony Stark, duh!’ Peter chuckled. ‘My dad even made me a gauntlet to wear, though it can’t really shoot anything… It does work as a flash light though.’
‘I think it’s clear that I won this round,’ Clint said as he and the Winter Soldier looked at their targets up close.
‘You know, now that we are here,’ Quill said as he swallowed down the last bite of his pancake. ‘I would like to go to a supermarket to stack on some Earthly snacks. We are running out because
He prayed to be put on sleep mode. Prayed Stane would keep his promise and let his creators fix whatever was broken in his memory.
‘You’ll get the hang of it kid, don’t worry.’ Clint said, managing to bring his laughter down to a chuckle as the soldier glared at him. God, if looks could kill, he would drop dead on the spot. ‘It’s just a matter of practice. See?’ Clint then flipped his own pancake, making sure it landed perfectly on one of the four plates which were already stacked at least two-feet-high with the sweet delicacy. He then looked up, admiring the earlier attempts of the raven. Some pancakes were sticking to the ceiling, some were dripping from the edge of the fridge. ‘Just look at it like this; at least this time, your pancake actually came back down again.’
I really hope to pick up my writing again so I can continue to finish not only "Too Human" but "Hellfire" as well.
As he took a deep breath, he noticed a sudden tightness in his chest. He looked down, noticing the bright red, and slightly too small, Spider-man sweater he was wearing. He frowned as he realized the piece of clothing belonged to Peter and wondered why on Earth he would be wearing it now. Did something happen to his own clothes? He tried to remember, but failed.
‘Wait, you can’t do that,’ Bucky snapped, sounding almost desperate as he finally looked at the two men. ‘You can’t keep me here.’
‘You brew a sinn potion, did you not?’ Thor squinted his eyes, ‘brother, those are only for the skilled potion brewers to make, and even then, it is remains full of risks!’
The raven gently grabbed his book out of the air with one hand and turned a page, his other hand hovering over his cauldron. He took a deep breath as he made sure to articulate the following text very clearly; ‘sinn, og, sjel… som en!’
‘Well than, before we join the others in their merriment, I would like to make a toast,’ The trickster smirked as he grabbed the last glass and raised it, ‘here is to the very first celebration of Hallows' Even. Let us hope the spirits of the deceased will fall for our…’ he then looked at Tony and Steve, ‘
Stane’s expression turned grim, the hand on Tony’s shoulder tightening. ‘Listen, Tony, why don’t you go home? It’s already late and I just want to go to bed and put this horrible experience behind us. I’ll have that doll checked first thing in the morning and I’ll let you know when we find anything.’
Tony didn’t know what surprised him more. The fact that the doll ate like he had been starved for weeks, or the fact that he ate at all. He eventually placed a hand on the doll’s lap, a grin on his face as he grabbed a slice of pizza and started to shove it down his throat.
‘Loki,’ Steve grabbed the trickster’s wrist, holding onto it tightly. ‘I, I don’t feel so good…’ he mumbled as he grabbed his stomach with his other hand.
‘Steve, before you take your leave, could you tell me where my brother is?’ Thor asked looking past the two men to see if he could spot the raven.
‘That’s quite the scene you drew there,’ Steve looked at the drawing, slightly raising his brow as he tried to understand what was going on in the picture. ‘Care to tell me what it is about?’
It was already three o’clock and the blond lay tossing and turning in his large bed, the question his baby brother had asked him still echoing in his head.
Tony’s eyes widened. ‘… All hope is lost,’ he sighed dramatically as he realized what he had just done and he turned deadly pale. ‘I am becoming a Disney princess…’ He then looked left from him, quickly moving his arms as two birds wanted to sit down on his shoulder, ‘No! Go way! I’m not a princess, damn it!’
At that moment, Quill dashed forward, running into the store like he was chased by death himself. He agilely moved through the crowded aisles, taking sharp turns and spinning the cart every time he had the space to do so.
‘Very clever, Stark.’ A man said with an unimpressed grimace. He walked towards the two, a clipboard in hand.
The kid squeaked and froze in his track, only to quickly turn around, his face still hidden by the cover of darkness and his hoody. ‘Y-you’re mister Stark-!’
‘Permanent?’ Thor repeated as he raised a brow, suddenly finding himself with a cup of coffee in hand. He stared from his cup to the doctor, noticing how the man was now calmly sipping some tea. ‘And what good will that do?’
He strode into the kitchen and grabbed the first bottle of liquor he could find. ‘Here’s to the good life,’ He muttered half-heartedly as he raised the bottle to his lips.
‘Peter, look at me.’ The blond fell to his knees, cupping the teen’s face in his hands. His heart shattered as he seemed so lost and so scared. ‘…Come on, it’s okay. It’s okay.’ He pressed Peter against his chest and held him in his strong arms, rocking them gently back and forth. He caught a glimpse of the boy’s hands, skin already marbling with dark bruises as he kept crying.
‘Mister Ant-man!’ Loki shouted, completely amazed by the man’s small form. ‘How did, I mean, what… Thor!’ the raven looked at his older brother and raised his hand. ‘Brother, look! Over here! This is amazing!’
‘Yes, and I thought it was a good idea to read him a story,’ Natasha said after giving the archer a quick deadly glare. ‘so I handed him over to Barnes over here, but…’
‘Hmm,’ The smile on the man’s face turned almost sinful in lust, though there remained a certain fondness in his eyes. There was just something so adoring about seeing the bot try. ‘Guess your code isn’t all that perfect after all. Looks like I got my work cut out. Try again, Steve. Try finding different words.’
The vulnerability in the doll’s voice made Tony toss the condom over his shoulder and dive straight for the blond’s lips. Steve was a robot after all. He would not need a condom, nor lube. ‘Don’t worry, baby. I’m still here.’ He quickly undressed himself, not caring where his clothes would land as he threw them across the bedroom. He settled between the machine’s legs, feeling the heat coming from its artificial body. ‘I’ll take good care of you.’
The doll kept a close eye on his master, ready to jump at his every command. He saw Stane grabbing a thick book from one of the many shelves, browsing the pages till he found what he was looking for. He grabbed a key hidden at page 621 and walked towards a small locker.
Peter shifted slightly on his feet, his stance starting to get a little uncomfortable. ‘And what is it thou wisheth to do with this “infinite power”?’
‘And was there anything unusual? Did Thor behave differently? Did he say something to you about Killian?’ Tony continued as he paced through the small room, sounding like he was about to snap.
‘Woow, easy now, it’s okay,’ Peter said a little uncomfortably, but still placed his hands on the trickster’s back as he tried to comfort him. ‘Now come on, let’s go, your brother an-’ at that moment, Peter’s eyes went wide as he felt a pair of soft but ice-cold lips against his own, his mind blank as he tried to process what was happening.
The billionaire felt nothing but disgust. ‘Okay. But… why don’t you want to go back to him? When I said his name, you freaked out. What did he do?’
‘That’s better,’ he smiled, bright blue eyes glistening in pale fluorescent lights. ‘I’m Steve. Who are you?’
‘I am all about fun time, Quill, but to be honest, I really don’t feel like we should do whatever it is that you’re up to. So, let’s just get in and-’
‘Yes, well, thank you, doctor’ Thor smiled somewhat, ignoring the sudden cry. ‘Now, if you would excuse me, I will continue my search for my brother.’ He waited for the man to disappear through the portal and continued his search through the compound.
‘Dad,’ Peter called worriedly, letting himself fall on his knees in front of the blond together with Tony while the trickster took a few steps back.
‘Tony!’ Stane frowned with disbelief as he looked offended. Tony instantly regretted doubting his friend. ‘I can’t believe you actually think I would do this!’ the man calmed down as the other remained silent. ‘Look, kid, I’m sorry you had to see this, but it is not me in that footage. I would have expected you of all people to see that.’ Stane poured another glass of bourbon, then looked Tony straight in the eye. ‘You’re not really
‘Excuse the interruption,’ Jarvis’ voice echoed through the room. ‘But I would strongly suggest you put the rum down.’
‘Thor can bring people back to life?’ Quill asked in surprise, completely missing the point Peter was trying to make.
Loki shrugged, ‘A feeling, I guess.’ He looked at the glass for a second, his hands buried in his sleeves as he shook his head and kindly refused the drink.
‘Oh, no, I- that’s not what I meant by… You don’t have to…’ Tony muttered half-heartedly as Steve worked his way down, fingers now tangled with his belt.
‘Well, according to father, we are all the hero in our own story,’ the trickster sat up straight again, collecting the painted pebbles, ‘and we have all been the villain in somebody else’s…’
‘This room is a little smaller than the other,’ Steve noticed, after which he observed some of the artwork hanging on the walls. ‘And yet it’s still so big…’
‘I am so happy you have returned, brother!’ Loki smiled, ‘I have made new friends.’ He let go of the god and grabbed the teen’s hand. ‘This is Peter. He is my brother, so he is also
‘Mister Ant-man?’ the trickster looked at his hand again, noticing it was empty. ‘Hey… where did he go?’ He asked, looking at Wanda who could not hide her chuckle.
‘Loki, careful,’ Thor warned him but Loki waved his hand a little to enthusiastically, causing Scott to be launched into the open air.
A video feed popped up on one of the many television screens, showing the roof of Tony’s mansion. The playboy frowned and placed the bottle back on the countertop as he saw a hooded figure moving through the shadow and trying to open one of the windows.
The playboy sighed, feeling the start of a migraine settling in his head. He grumbled softly, ‘Uhg, fuck me…’
‘If you say so…’ Tony sighed, a wave of exhaustion washing over him. ‘Let me know when you find anything, ‘kay?’
‘Hmm, no, it’s been enough for today,’ Steve concluded as he looked at the clock, noticing that it was already past seven. ‘I’m going home. Good job today guys, see you all tomorrow.’
‘… I do not think so.’ Thor looked at the raven with a beaten down expression. He had hardly ever set foot in his brother’s room and only now noticed how basic it was. It was indeed as if no one owned this chamber, as if it was just a spare bedroom.
The doll’s eyes flew wide open, gazing directly at the man in front of him. Tony held his breath, the doll’s eyes were dull, a white haze glazing blue eyes. It left him breathless.
did you do?!’ Tony shouted as the three Avengers now turned to the trickster. ‘It was that champagne, wasn’t it?!’
He took a step back and yawned. He stretched and started to undress, only looking at Steve after unbuttoning the first few buttons of his shirt. ‘Oh, sorry. Do you mind?’
‘It is a shame though,’ Quill continued, ‘I would have thought Loki’s first kid would be a serpent or a wolf or a horse or something, you know? Like in the Norse Mythology. But a human or Midgardian child’s cool too. Hey, where is Lokes anyway? Drinking down his regret at the bar and thinking his life over, I assume?’
‘Y-yes, I am fine,’ Loki nodded, he took a deep breath, holding onto Peter’s hands in the meantime. ‘It is okay, it is the potion…’
Strange took a deep breath, ‘Yes, sure. Listen, I just need to know what’s going on with your brother, I heard something went wrong? Something with a spell?’
‘Looks like you are in a merry mood today, Loki.’ Thor chuckled, secretly relieved to find his younger brother still, well, young.
At first, the raven child shrugged again, but then started to nervously bite on the fingernail of his thumb as both Steve and Tony kept staring at him. ‘It’s only takes a few minutes,’ he murmured in his hand, his eyes turned towards the wall. ‘It’s a small price to pay.’
‘His victim was his neighbor, a fourteen-year-old boy.’ Steve took a deep breath, ‘Do you think Loki-’
‘… Your dad teaches you unusual wise lessons for your age.’ Bruce said as he looked at the raven with questioning eyes, helping him carry some of the stones.
‘Lights will go out soon,’ Steve explained. ‘Come on… Let’s try to get some sleep.’ He helped the teen towards their cots and sat down at his own. He watched as Peter just stood in front of his, his back towards the blond.
‘D-dad…?’ Peter stammered after which he shook his head. ‘Dad, it’s okay, you’re fine, just-’ he tried as he approached what once was the captain, but as the creature nearly lost its footing, it scraped the skin on the teen’s arm with its claw, causing Peter to hiss and take a few steps back again.
A silence filled the room at which the two just stared at each other. Loki’s eyes slightly squinted as he held on to the captain’s shirt, hiding behind the man, while Peter’s eyes were large in complete disbelief.
‘What?! No! That’s not-’ Peter tried to intervene as Loki looked up from the Winter Soldier to the teen, a frightened expression on his face.
‘Somewhere between twelve and two o’clock last night. I can’t see any signs of a fight or struggle right now. I’ll bring you the autopsy report as soon as I can. Now, if you’ll excuse me, gentlemen,’ he passed the two detectives with a nod of his head and walked back to his car.
‘As day,’ Tony smiled lightheartedly. ‘Leaves us with one question though; who did he have sex with the night he was murdered?’
‘Hi, Loki,’ Wanda smiled, picking up the child and holding him in her arms. ‘How are you? Still small I see,’ she asked as she pressed her nose against that of the trickster, causing him to chuckle softly.
‘So you have two fathers?’ Loki asked as he tilted his head, causing the other Avengers to snort and chuckle.
Peter gasped, a bright smile hidden under his mask as he looked at Steve, ‘He called me “sir”!’ he nearly squealed and then quickly turned to the raven again. ‘Well, I'm your friendly neighborhood Spider-man, but you can call me Peter!’ the teen said as he pulled off his mask, causing Loki to flinch in surprise.
‘Well then, you will be in need of a uhm, a side-kick! Yes, someone to watch your back and help you guard… us!’ Tony said with as much authority as he could muster, hardly able to suppress a chuckle as he saw the raven’s bright green eyes grow big.
‘Could I, what?’ Bucky asked dryly, grabbing the knife and handing it back to the trickster, ‘try again kid, practice makes perfect.’
So... If you liked this fic please subscribe and you'll know when I will be posting the next chapter!
have given up, doesn’t mean I have!’ The boy stumbled towards the stairs, anger and utter panic damping the pain of his ankle as he moved towards the door.
‘Well, I have to say, I am starting to believe your ghost theory, Lokes…’ Peter said softly as he was hardly able to keep his eyes of the old building.
‘Great, you fucking apologize!’ Tony placed his golden-gloved hands in his side as he thought this through, he then shook his head and pointed at the trickster, ‘You better have a way to fix this or I’ll be sending you straight to the deepest layer of hell,
‘You know, Steve,’ Tony managed to speak as the captain now lowered his kisses to the soft skin of his neck, causing the playboy to chuckle softly and squirm under the gentle touch. ‘we
Peter felt a sharp shiver run from the back of his neck all the way to the tip of his toes. Loki was a more than skillful liar, his eyes always matching the character, or rather, the emotions which he faked, causing the once vivid emeralds to now stare at him, cold and empty.
‘Did it stop at kissing?’ Steve asked cautiously, his heart sinking in his chest as he looked at the nervous teen.
‘And these four, among many other, were send to Potts Refugee Reception Office,’ Tony stood up from his chair, gaining the attention of his co-workers. ‘Miss Virginia "Pepper" Potts, owner of the Potts mansion and Potts RRO, it is the primary point of contact for asylum seekers and refugees with the government. It is where asylum seekers can apply for asylum for refugee status, where interviews are conducted, where permits are renewed, and where refugee status documents are handed out. Miss Potts is not married, no children.’
