Sherlock sighs deeply.  John expects a snarky remark, so he does what he can to keep the interview going.  "How would you describe the box?"
"Yeah," John chuckles. "You probably would have.  But, now she's likely had a murder in her house.  What if we could have prevented it?"
Those dancing lessons had messed with John’s mind, making him panic. He’d dreaded the dancing lessons for what they evoked in him, but didn’t want to call them off, couldn’t give up those intimate moments alone with Sherlock. He also didn’t have the courage to call the wedding off. Because the alternative to getting married would have meant exposing himself to the man who made him watch his suicide and let him live in the hell of grief for two years. He’d trust him with his life, but he didn’t dare to trust him with his darkest secret after that blatant display of indifference. He’d been stuck in limbo, until his stag night, when he successfully got himself drunk enough to stop giving fucks. The night when he, inebriated and randy, tried to push for a reaction that never came.
John can't be bothered.  He's chilled to the bone from walking in the stormy weather.  He hangs his jeans over the radiator to make them dry faster.
As John expects, Sherlock readily takes responsibility for picking up Rosie from the sitter and then caring for her until John returns. He’d thought as much. None of them are really any good at denying the other.
"Brian didn't answer when I knocked, and I hadn't heard the taps running since last night, so I went in there, but he was nowhere to be found.  Wendy was at work in Brixton so I couldn't ask her.  I went downstairs to have a look in the garden, but Brian's clogs stood inside, by the backdoor.  I thought it a bit worrisome, but picked up the mail myself and went about my day.  It wasn't until I thought I'd have a cuppa in the garden that I noticed his dressing gown hanging from the garden lamp.  So, I went out to the garden shed, to see if he was there.  He used to muck about in there."
And then once again, twenty years from the first time it happened, and as before, he continued the pattern of hiding behind a string of girlfriends.
John knows Sherlock’s been texting with Irene Adler. Besides, he hasn’t yet made amends for what he’s done. So he gets into a cab, watching Sherlock head back home to Baker Street.
John can be pushy when it comes to keeping Sherlock fed, watered and rested, but he's yet to see John persist when it comes to courting.  He's never seen him fight for any of his short-lived relationships, simply accepting the breakups without fuss.
Sherlock brings out his pocket magnifier and studies the envelopes while lighting them up with a small torchlight between his teeth.  They're all postmarked in central London, which indicates absolutely nothing more than that the individual behind it does know how to increase the chances of staying anonymous. The envelopes are incredibly clean; no visible traces of fingerprints, skin oils, smudges or smells.
He’s crying openly now, not hiding his face, just letting the tears run slowly down his cheeks. He sniffs. His stomach turns on what he’s about to say next. He needs to say it.
He's looking out the window, where the farmland and green, rolling hills are passing by.  John notices he's fiddling with his shell again.  Sherlock's elegantly crossed legs would look immaculate if it wasn't for the slight salt stains on the dark fabric.  For all his efforts with rinsing and pressing, the salt had crept upwards in the fabric of the trouser leg, and now adorns his thighs, right above the knees.  John has matching stains.  They look worse, but they're not as noticeable, lower on the legs.  Their shoes are marked by mud from their morning tryst.  There will be a much needed shoe-shining and washing to do when they get back home.
He goes to Rosie’s room and retrieves her from the cot, sits down in the armchair, humming to soothe them both. They fall asleep that way.
. Retaliation for what I put you through, making you watch me die. It was all done in good faith and I didn’t have any other viable options at that point, but you became collateral damage. I regret that it’s taken me years to really understand the impact. I should have understood that you never really forgave me for making you believe I died.”
John grips Sherlock’s hair on both sides of his face and brings them together, licking into Sherlock’s mouth.
."  Sherlock dives into the pile, nose first, and now John recognises the rounded shapes--cracked and charred glass jars.
John doesn’t tell Harry about Sherlock’s offer. Or him readily accepting. But she seems to have a sixth sense just to be able to prod him.
One week later, he drives Harry to a garden centre outside of Chelmsford. She loads the bags into the boot.
Sherlock is dressed and grabs his jacket from the coat rack behind the door.  He exits without a word, leaving his Belstaff behind.  John hopes he doesn't go far in the dark.  He doesn't want to imagine Sherlock alone on the quiet countryside.
"Well, they're useless anyway," Sherlock sneers.  "They're all yours if you want them. John has taken notes of it all."  He grabs the plastic bag John had put down on a chair and throws it towards her.
John feels utterly naked. A fluttering nervousness rises in his chest. All he can think of is shared showers after PE class and rugby, and in military quarters.
"John," he starts.  "There's something I should say.  Something I've been meaning to say for some time, but irrational fear has kept me from it.  I might as well say it now."
“Yes Watson, it's a bird,” says Sherlock. She has already set her eyes on something different, equally interesting.
would allow it. If he’d ever be ready to not be the person dominating the room, being in control. If that’s something he’d want at all.
"Oh, it was just an ordinary box," Miss Cushing says, waving her hand dismissively. "Small enough to go through the slot."
"Yes, that's been proven in a lab test," Sherlock lies effortlessly. "Since you're an amateur at burning things, there was one pickle jar left intact which allowed us to analyse it."
Sherlock blinks, looks at John with a slight frown.  "I'm not sure," he says, looking back out the window.
John doesn’t follow. They’ve had safety gates in place since Rosie started crawling. “What safety measures?”
"Hypertension and antidepressants are a wild mixture.  Add a ridiculous amount of sodium from the pickles, and it's a recipe for disaster waiting to happen.  I believe Molly's diagnosis; there was a bulge at the base of his skull, one large enough for pooled blood from a ruptured aneurysm.  When the clot burst, it had to go somewhere."  John shakes his head.  "If it hadn't been an aneurysm, it could have been a heart attack that ended him."
He rolls his eyes, silently berating himself for the unnecessary remark. “It shows, it really does. You look well, truly.”
He’d kept his silence when they were alive. He’d had the opportunity ripped from him just when he’d felt ready to take that last step, to open up, to talk - it’s all the same.
They begin to stroll the length of the pier.  Music flows from sub-par speakers with an overabundance of treble.  The promenade is split in two by arcades and stalls in the middle, and people flock to the sunny side.
"So, that's what you meant when you said the allotment would burn, too, that the person behind this will burn the weed growing here too?"
Mycroft has gifted Rosie with a toy piano, though it’s quite fancy for just a toddler. Sherlock snorts when he sees it. “I used to tease Mycroft about his piano lessons. He absolutely hated them.”
“That's outdated, and discredited! It’s not science based. Show me something based on modern studies. Is he a paediatrician? Is he an accredited child psychologist? No! Why does this so-called 'expert' even open his mouth when he can’t even refer to his sources properly? The curse of the internet, and Youtube in particular, is that all kinds of people who are challenged in the intelligence department, find it their mission to spread their wisdom.”
pure humiliation from time to time. Me, hunching under the table, lying there on all fours wiping up crumbs while Rosie sits in her highchair kicking my head and throwing peas on the floor. But at the same time, all the things you get back - that messy kiss, the feeling of belonging. You’re bound together. Can’t really explain it.”
The pebbles and shells are all warm on top, but when John digs his fingers deeper, mimicking Sherlock, they're cooler and moist.
Sherlock swallows.  There are moments when John displays a frustratingly high level of brightness.  This is definitely one of them.  John doesn't know his reasons, though.  The ones that make this so incredibly difficult; Sherlock's unwillingness to enter into any kind of sexual association with John without a promise of something more.  And if there is more, what it means when being threatened by Moriarty.  If the live-in assistant, or '
“So, what does it mean then? That someone removed and put back those bricks with an inferior mortar?”
Sherlock is wonderfully scathing as he strips down every defence of the client’s uncle who, of course, is the real perpetrator. John loves seeing him come alive like this. Although the healing scar tissue flashes red, it manages to lift his spirits somewhat.
There are birds happily picking through the slowly budding strands of grass, where just thawed maggots unknowingly offer themselves up for lunch. Other birds are chirping and screeching and making inappropriate advances on each other in the warming spring sun.
Sherlock grabs the bathrobe from it's hook, throws it on, steps barefoot into his shoes and stomps back to the bathroom to fetch his pack of cigarettes.  He pointedly puts a fag in his mouth, before he steps out into the gloomy garden, with the lighter in hand brandished like a weapon.
After a long walk, he returns to Baker Street with a warm baby snoozing against his chest. John is nowhere to be seen. He’s probably still upstairs, sleeping.
"I still need to help Miss Cushing out with the patch in the garden.  Now that the surface is burned, at least I can start digging up the roots during winter, when the plant is dormant."
He’s not having any of Sherlock’s accusations and lashes out at him, but Sherlock ducks smoothly, before running off after him. Of course Sherlock takes unnecessary risks, following the man up the scaffolding, in the dark. Of course John has to intervene and save that bastard completely lacking in self-preservation. When all is done - with the culprit sitting in the back of a police car, and they’ve been back on safe ground for at least half an hour - John is still trying to get his breathing under control. He’s not panting from running. He just has this worry that won’t subside. He rakes his fingers through his hair, but can’t keep quiet.
Miss Badu glares at him.  "I just think he also saw it in a bigger context.  The neighbourhood is being bought up, bit by bit, by people with much bigger pockets than us.  Eventually, there will be nowhere left to live for people with small incomes.  Letting the knotweed loose could at least slow down that development.  But it's a flawed argument, I know.  Eventually, we both learned more about the detrimental effect the knotweed has on the local biodiversity.  That it's an invasive plant with no natural enemies here, outside its country of origin.  Brian had deep regrets.  It was my stupid idea to casually say 'Well we could always eat it, now that it's growing here.'  Apparently it's an Asian delicacy."
Eyes roaming the room, his things, very few, her things - also quite few - and the stuff that they'd bought together. Two orphans with only estranged relatives. This was the home they had created, this was his chosen partner and life. Was he being too demanding, craving more than this? Shouldn't he be satisfied with all he had? Was it normal to doubt like this?
They hardly see each other for two more days, and when John returns home after leaving Rosie at the sitter Sherlock hopes for something. A conversation, a confrontation, anything but this quiet circling. But then John texts his sister and leaves for Chelmsford within half an hour.
"Are you quite done with your self-pity? Have I punished you enough so you can get on with forgiving yourself?"
Rosie is wielding the magnifying glass Sherlock gave her on her birthday, and he crouches down beside her to show her how to use it properly. They are both clearly in their element when they’re out cataloguing plants and insects.
Her warm weight, her calm breathing, the feeling of having proven himself - some kind of atonement for his involvement in this baby’s loss of her mother - it’s all crashing over him. He cries silently, stroking her back until he too falls asleep.
Only happenstance interrupted the situation before it became awkward, thanks to Molly calling to say she was late.
There she is, balancing upside down on a tilted wooden board, hands on the rubbery surface and slowly lowering her legs to rest her knees on her elbows, the group following her movements. Her strength and control is quite impressive. Hopefully it’s only physical, or else he’ll be in for a match. Wouldn’t be surprising.
He’s invited into their bedroom late one night when Rosie refuses to fall asleep. Of course he’s been in there before - snooping, when John’s at the surgery and Rosie’s at her sitter. But he’s not actively gone in there when they’re at home since the day they moved in and he helped John set up her cot and changing table.
A slight, calm nudge with the press of a thumb had prompted Sherlock to part his lips, and a soft but insistent mouth made his own start to water, opening up fully, ready to take him in.
It’s so very easy to lie by omission. He’s done it for ages. It’s easy to never delve into deeper thoughts about his own sexuality. Disregarding the occasional drunken hookups with men. It doesn’t really count, right?
The morning shift starts badly. He’s unmoored by the nightmares and can’t focus properly on his patients.
He gets the kit, squints at the small bottles. There. He caresses Sherlock’s opening with a lavish amount of conditioner.
When they both emerge from their cubicles, John feels like a misshapen Tarzan. He really should be better at this, what with knotting macrame as a kid and folding hospital corners every time he makes a bed.
Sherlock’s thought about it for so long, but he’s been reluctant to ask while John has evidently been struggling with guilt. It’s probably too early still, judging by John’s reaction to his words.
"If you're on an MAOI, you should refrain from eating tyramine-rich food, which is essentially aged or fermented food of any kind.  Aged cheese, tap beer, red wine, air dried meat and um, Marmite, if I remember correctly."
John is crying. Sherlock can hear his sobs from the other side of the bathroom door, enhanced, and sounding heartbreakingly lonely, by the eco off the tiled room. He puts his forearm against the doorframe, leaning into it, willing John to come out, to stop putting barriers between them.
They reach another curved groyne, just as the last fishers are packing up their gear.  John and Sherlock pass them, walking out to the rising water, the mortared flint walls of the groyne shielding them from the rushing tide.  The accelerating intensity of the weather makes Sherlock feel warm and relaxed on the inside, strong and resilient in body, at least as long as he has his coat on.  All except for his weakened hand.
Sherlock had come by regularly. He was of course a master at deducing what the baby wanted when John scratched his head in desperation.
After some persuasion, John briefly joins Sherlock in the shallows.  They stand next to each other watching their own feet being swallowed up by incoming waves, and the way the seafoam forms transient patterns as the water flows around their calves on its way to the shore. They feel the tickle and pull of the receding water, and the pebbles beneath their feet shift and roll away until they're standing, swaying, in a hollow.  It's such a simple, but captivating, observation in endless repetition, that Sherlock isn't sure when John turned back to the shore.
"What's wrong?"  John stops touching him immediately and takes a step back.  "God, Sherlock, sorry.  What did I do wrong?"
Sherlock sees that John sees and then they crash together, with John surging onto Sherlock’s lap, his hands once again buried in those luscious curls.
Sherlock really needs a smoke, and at this point, he doesn't care if John minds.  He needs nicotine.
, he is allowed. Allowed to touch. A sob is caught in John’s throat as his shaking hands rise up to cradle Sherlock’s face. He doesn’t want this to end, not yet, not before Sherlock tells him off. Maybe he thinks this is some sort of experiment, that John has gone soft in the head, but he can’t let go now, he needs to know where this ends. In disaster or..?
John seems taken aback, as if he's been caught out in a devious scheme.  Was he expecting Lestrade to keep this from Sherlock?  Didn't he want Sherlock to know about his quiet machinations? Why?
It's overwhelming and still annoyingly unspecific.  Sherlock can't help but long for the easy intimacy they shared in the night: one point of contact, grounding them.  Can't help inviting more.  "You did a good job."  He smiles a little.
'.  Should I disregard it?  Am I to make a wrongful assumption?  Tell me, John.  You know I don't like to make guesses."
”Nevermind. Forget I said anything about it.” Sherlock twirls and faces John straight on. ”The point is - never let fear override your judgement.”
The sky's still blue, but dramatic clouds start to appear, shielding the sun from time to time.  The temperature drops slightly every time it happens.
"See?  Increased salivation," he says cheekily.  "Even without Moriarty sneaking around in the bushes.  Make of it what you will."
Sherlock stares at him, his cigarette forgotten, the embers nearing the filter.  Sally's voice is back in John's ear.  "Right, thank you.  And that date would place this event during the Moriarty trial, right?  Yes, I thought so.  No, no, it's nothing important.  Right, sorry.  Of course it was important.  Listen, can I explain this some other time?  Yes, I appreciate it.  Cheers."
Sherlock has several theories, but only one he happens to be more inclined to try to prove.  He lets the shell come to rest.
John’s resolve abandons him, and the proper words he’s prepared for today’s solemn topic of conversation are lost.
Eventually, they decide they have rested enough, and continue to explore the area.  There seems to be something for everyone here, from tattoo parlours, vintage clothing boutiques, antique shops, musical instrument stores, second-hand bookshops and an Italian Gelateria, to erotic shops and psychic readings.  Sadly, they passed the Gelateria in search of a supermarket, since John deemed it necessary to prepare for a lunch at the beach, picnic style.  There's also a plethora of odd handicraft shops, like the one Sherlock is currently waiting outside of, while John's popped into Tesco Express.
“But you didn’t,” Sherlock says firmly. He turns to study John and cocks an eyebrow. “Besides, it would have been a pretty convenient place to suffer a ruptured spleen.”
Harry has had a clear preference since a young age: dark-haired girls with prominent cheekbones, looking vaguely South or Central American. Clara was just the first one in a long row of crushes who actually hit it off with Harry. Of course she was Spanish, not Nicaraguan, but there was still enough of a resemblance to Carrera that he could see the pattern.
John isn't used to seeing Sherlock this affected by an injury.  Yes, they've had close calls in the past two years, what with the damn fool almost letting himself get killed the very day they met, but this is different.  A little more than a scratch, but an immediate impairment.
"I was more thinking along the lines of who could have got to your necklace," says John.  "If there's spare keys, or lent out keys or such?"
"I'm sorry, John.  You're completely right.  It seems I'm as foolish as Brian James.  He didn't tell his friend about his returning depression and he didn't speak to his doctor."
“So of course the manager listened to the entrepreneur. But the entrepreneur, being an expert, still had an interest in creating more jobs for himself. So he overplayed his concern, made the manager think of the possible risks to
"Living with you hasn't really helped. How many of my dates have you driven off?"  He resumes the shaving, making sure his aggravation doesn't translate to his hands and fingers, gingerly working away over Sherlock's skin.  "There wouldn't be so bloody many of them if I ever had enough time to get to know them."
"What if they were running a pickle club together?  You know, like 'first rule of pickle club... you do not talk about pickle club'."  Sherlock's face is blank.  He must have deleted
Between the adrenaline of cases, and the hormonal cocktail John provides him through pain and pleasure, Sherlock is still an addict. But this is manageable, this is a sustainable habit almost without side effects.
Sherlock chuckles low.  He's reclined in the lounge chair, bare legs crossed elegantly, still sipping his drink.  "You're the one who wanted to walk all the way to the Marina, for whatever reason."
Sherlock stubs out the spent remainder of his cigarette.  "True.  I'm still eager to see that autopsy report.  She'll let me have a closer look at the body, when she's done."
"Excitement and fear.  Anger and arousal.  Like you said, it could be either.  But I think it's everything.
John is content with the young innkeeper's recommendation.  Their room is en suite, small but well-furnished considering the size, the colour scheme slate greys and teal.  A king-sized pillow-top bed is squeezed in, along with two bedside tables.  The bed has a padded headboard, complete with an upholstered long bench situated at the foot of the bed.  There's even two bathrobes and two sets of slippers near the bathroom.
John finally manages to slide the glass door open.  The cold sea breeze and the constant sound of crashing waves fill the room.  It's still raining, but the storm has subsided.
"It's a very common injury in rugby, falling with an outstretched hand.  You didn't hold onto something at the moment of impact?"
Sherlock shrugs. “Could have been interesting, since I lack the experience with women, but there’s only so far you can go.”
There's a temptation, surely.  And he's not really against giving in to it.  The only problem is what comes after... if there is an after.  It's possibly best to feign ignorance.
He learned to sometimes let Rosie sleep even if the timing was wrong and it would mess up her feeding schedule. He learned not to try to move her if she’d fallen asleep in the baby gym. He just tucked her in where she was. No reason to jinx it with a sleeping baby, when he had a chance to get a nap himself.
“I’m a Medical Captain,” John says with a measure of pride, although he’s formally retired after being discharged.
“I wanted the Marigold Fairy, because she looked like Olivia Hussey. And then I wanted the Mayflower Fairy. She looked like Barbara Carrera. Though I didn’t notice until years later when she was in that tellyseries, Hawaiian Queen something or other.”
Most of the tubs are also occupied. There’s one for couples free. That feels a bit much at the moment. He doesn’t want Sherlock to think he’s assuming anything about their relationship status. Just as he’s about to give up on any chance of a semi-private conversation, two young women start to get up out of a tub. When they breach the surface, he notices they are both heavily pregnant. Probably third trimester. It occurs to him that he doesn’t know if Mary ever went to a spa during her pregnancy. In a rosy, romantic dream he would have treated her to it, making sure she got pampered while she carried the heavy burden of their child. But he’d been distant, shutting her out, grieving for the life that never was and his inability to make other choices.
“You’re a man of your generation. Forgive me if I don’t take your word for it. I’ve seen kids being passed off to female relatives all the time.”
Rosie doubles back, takes Sherlock’s hand, pulls on it eagerly, stops and turns herself and their arms into a twist as she looks back at John. She reaches out her hand, repeatedly opening and closing her fist - the cutesy silly toddler version of waving. “Bye bye,” she says.
He's been compartmentalising for most of his life; using drugs to heighten his thought processes, using sex mainly as a means to subdue them, through sensory focus and heavy hormonal impact.
They’ve put on white fluffy terry bathrobes and slippers. John feels ridiculous, but Sherlock has grace as always and knows how to move like a fashion model. His hair is curlier and wilder than usual, and a stray curl falls down into his face as he whips his head around looking for John along the low ottoman benches lining the walls.
“Don’t be,” Sherlock rumbles before he dips down and rubs his face like a cat against John’s skin, smearing half his face.
He empties his next glass and finally dares to ask:  "Was that what you picked up earlier?"  He indicates Sherlock's lefthand trouser pocket.  "The shells?"
“This is in no way a justification, but I think what happened, when I hurt you, was that I was afraid. And I handled that horribly. Afraid and angry. Afraid of losing you, again.”
He sits up, hearing Rosie crying in her room. He glances at the clock and barely sees the numbers through the tears clouding his vision - only 3:37 AM. He must have been screaming loud enough to disturb Rosie. His breath shudders in his chest and he wipes at the moisture on his cheeks.
"Well here's one thing I don't understand, because it doesn't make any sense.  The minute before Moriarty nicked the Crown Jewels, he wrote '
“The best and the worst,” he muses. “I never pictured myself as a father. Being a kid was- I couldn’t wait to grow up, so why would I put someone else through-”
!"  He manages to sound appalled enough, since John immediately springs into action.  "A short man in a grey sweater," Sherlock says with urgence, pointing beyond the gathered crowd, towards the seaward end of the pier.
They’d played with the fairies in the garden. Hours upon hours dreaming away into a fantasy land with a small family of fairies. It had been their secret garden, their secret game. A world of their own, safe behind the high garden walls covered in winding wisteria. No-one would know. Know of John playing with girl’s stuff, of them playing out their dream of an alternative family, where everyone loved each other, and wasn’t afraid to say so.
The shock of the, admittedly very logical, execution of Charles Augustus Magnussen. The loss of perceived innocence.
"How did I miss this?" John interrupts, but without anger or blame evident in his voice. Not directed towards Sherlock, at any rate. "We've spent half a day together, semi-naked, in bright light - how the fuck have I been so oblivious as to not see this?"
"I know it's a bother, but as long as you manage to be careful, and do some exercises if needed, you'll be fine," John reassures.  "I assume you're able to text and scroll with either hand?"
The pier is clearly lacking in gelaterias, so ice cream will have to do.  They immediately seek out a soft serve ice cream parlour.  John orders a raspberry twist cone and Sherlock a double fudge.
Maybe that was a bit of a stretch, considering how fast this went.  "Yes, I did.  No use to keep chasing him now.  They're ready to welcome him ashore."
There it is again--that tender attention, beyond doctorly care and soldierly duty.  Some days, Sherlock doesn't know what to make of it.  Ever since the incident at the pool, he and John have... what?  Kept themselves in each other's pockets?  Gauche.  Been inordinately in tune with one another?  Sounds like a line from a silly romance novel.  He wants to dismiss the feelings that arise when he thinks of John coming to harm because of a careless mistake he's made.  Caring is not an advantage, certainly not in these unprecedented times, when he is weighed down by an inscrutable riddle.
John's not sure if Sherlock is trying to be suggestive, or if he's just being an arsehole.  Either way, John's cheeks are suddenly heated, and he can't really blame the whiskey from three hours ago.  He gently positions Sherlock's head again and tips his face upwards, then stretches out the supple skin beneath his chin.  He both sees and feels the vibration of Sherlock's voice as he says, "I'm starting to believe it is '
. I had never seen you so vulnerable and, at the same time, so cocky and adamant about self destruction. But it was
begins at a young age. If Rosie wants to only wear dresses, when she’s old enough to understand the concept of appearance, that is her prerogative. But he vows to always have trousers on hand, to give her the choice. He picks out the acceptable items and proceeds to order trousers as well as replacements for the clothes he’s discarded.
"Rightly so, it seems," says Sherlock. He hands his phone over to John.  "John, please text Lestrade - and Donovan. '
The whole allotment area is fenced in, with rail tracks along two sides, but at the south end there is a dead-end street with a much lower fence which they can easily climb over.
John knows he’s holding Sherlock to unreasonable standards with that kind of reasoning. But that’s just how he’s always seen Sherlock: like a demigod, a magician stepping into John’s life and turning everything on its head. Mostly in a very good way.
John makes a fuss anyway. He’s clearly having a hard time accepting anything from Sherlock, except his company. Their argument may also be affected by the fact that Sherlock made this decision without informing John beforehand. Not that they had discussed the particulars, aside from setting a moving date.
When John first lived at 221B he took regular baths to relax. He used to light candles and mix in essential oils and usually ended his sessions with stroking himself to climax, driven by fantasies of Sherlock touching him or swallowing him down.
"Very.  But, then I mentioned it was a sad thing Brian's 'mucking about' in the shed probably led to his death.  Interestingly enough, she didn't contradict me.  So, I put on a bit of pressure and it all delved into a shouting match.  There might have been a bit of an overreaction on my part."
The bottles are of course in there to provide the visitors with samples to make them buy the posh product line associated with the spa. It’s very expensive, but John sniffs them all, thinking they smell nice at least.
"John, I never told you what happened on the day of the verdict, before you came back home," he begins, and it's enough.  He sees the dawning understanding on John's face.
. Sexually gratifying, yes, but never with this rightness at its core. This feeling of belonging, of coming home.
It's the southernmost street of the cliff, and the houses along it have their gardens extending on the southern slope running down towards the A259 and the cliff edge beyond.  There's a wide expanse of fields and shrubbery on the east side of the building.  It looks a bit small to offer seven rooms, but Sherlock knows that appearances are deceiving.
John goes to find the letter and soon they're in the back of a cab on their way to Croydon.  The sun is setting, and John hopes for some lower temperatures in the hours to come.  Sometimes, when the sweltering heat is at its worst, he doesn't know what made him go back to Afghanistan for several tours.  Or rather, he kind of knows, but it all seems so distant from the life he has now.
"So if he really has that code, why not use it to break in at the highest military facility there is?  He'd be able to control weapons.  He could start a war.  But, he chose to open the Bank of England,  Pentonville Prison and the Tower of London.  Why these exact locations?  And why do it openly and simultaneously, if not to gain massive media coverage?"
It has started to rain. He welcomes it. Lets it mingle with the tears on his face. He walks slowly to the city center and is both relieved and a little disappointed that Sherlock isn’t on the same train back.
"Why haven't you turned me down then?" John counters, a sudden anger simmering just below the surface.  "Hmm?  Why haven't you said, '
She goes inside to fetch her cigarettes. John gets to work, turning over every leaf and spraying the underside. There’s so many leaves. And a lot of tiny budding tomatoes. These plants have the potential to carry a lot of fruit. How will she be able to eat it all?
--why would he give a crap about some old lady having issues with the tenants of her even older sister in bloody Croydon, and decide to steal her jewellery?"
is more rare.  It's something he never does unless half asleep or inebriated.  On the one hand, it's a shame, since John's mere presence is very calming in itself.  During the rare occasions they actually touch like this, Sherlock experiences a pleasant comfort that is highly conducive to slowing down his thought process.  He suspects it produces the perfect balance of dopamine, serotonin and oxytocin.
Having John in his life, in as much as he can be persuaded to, is Sherlock’s main goal. But for a period of time, mainly since he shot Magnussen dead, he’d been sure that John was over any attraction he might have felt. He’d last seen it on full display during John’s stag night. But he’d dismissed it as drunken nostalgia.
He feels the anger rising. He has never been able to deny Sherlock when he asks like this. Or rather, he’s never
“And I’m trying not to be a quitter,” she says with a wink. “No seriously, let’s talk about my job instead. I love my job. It gives me balance. I’ve got goals and ambitions, now. I’ve got time and energy for that, now that I’ve got less struggle. I’m actually hanging out with some of my workmates, outside work. And yes, I know what you’re thinking, and yes there’s this hot girl on my mind. We’ll see.”
"Thank you, Molly," Sherlock says, polite, but dismissive, and turns to John.  "So, a late lunch, you say?"
"I'm not asking you to let me in on every thought that passes through your head, but when you've found something out, share it with me.  Okay?"  John sits down beside him again, trying to catch his gaze.  "Invite me into your reasoning, and if I'm capable, I'll follow.  Just don't keep me out."
She looks so much like their mum, he thinks, a pang in his chest. Except for the tattoos he knows are hidden under the long sleeves, and piercings gleaming on her eyebrows, in her nose and curling at the edge of her lip. Even though she’s dressed in the loose cardigan, he can tell that she’s very fit, arms muscular.
"Come back in an hour and the lab is yours," says Molly, resolutely setting down her coffee mug on the table.
"Sherlock dismissed her first letter, because it wasn't, um, substantial enough.  But, she did write a second time and I... well, I misplaced the letter before even opening it.  So, yeah.  I feel very bad about what's happened here, and we just want to do our part to help."
Right now, the primary focus is to make John functional. Get back into routines. Spend time with his daughter instead of fobbing her off on others at every opportunity.
"How come you know so much about bees and plants?" John asks as they crouch in the low-growing  foliage behind a hedge while dusk is descending.
It started innocently enough, as a slow rocking back and forth, and later turned into a giggle provoking odd technique of getting around on hands and feet, instead of the more common hands and knees. Rosie looked like a small and slow four legged spider with an unfortunate nappy bump tipping the scales.
Sherlock had ruined it not long after, by exposing Mary. That’s when he killed John’s wife and John’s suburban life, and instead revealed an assassin.
"Doesn't have to be.  It's a demonstration of capabilities.  As I said, the burning was a beacon to draw attention to the fact that Miss Cushing's garden is infested with Japanese knotweed."
"Oh, so that's how to get your attention?  Pretend to not know the great Sherlock Holmes," John teases.  "Too bad I can't pull that trick.  For real, though, I bet Donovan and Lestrade are still puttering about in that garden, mopping up after Anderson tried to move the body before bagging it."  John sniggers to himself.  "Now we're all waiting for Molly's report.  Until then, cheers!"  John raises the remaining stump of his ice-cream in a toast.
When he approaches them again, already playing a longer variation of the wedding waltz, he notices John’s eyes are glossy. He excuses himself with the promise of making tea, and leaves Sherlock and Rosie to themselves.
The next time Sherlock had come around, Rosie was a very happy baby, freshly burped after her meal, sitting up in her booster seat, enthusiastically waving her arms and kicking her legs.
They talk about Catherine and their mother, about all the things that were wrong with their family and how their Mum had ended up as a mental punching bag that had unknowingly passed the trait to her children.
"Ca-tching!" says Sherlock, taking off his dressing gown with a twirl, in a sudden burst of energy and humour.  He throws the dressing gown over the back of a kitchen chair and continues to the corridor with a springy step.  John leans against the kitchen doorframe.  "Cushing in Croydon?" he asks, worried.
That’s why he had stopped going to this aunt’s place. John knew, if Catherine had asked, had even looked at him, she would know. And that meant Harry would have known, too.
"You know," John continues his prodding, because he can't leave it alone.  "I thought you despised her at the end, knowing she worked with Moriarty and all that."  He carefully lets the razor follow the curve of Sherlock's jaw bone.  "
Sherlock knows John treats his daughter with lots of love and great forbearance. But now Rosie has thrown herself into a fit and John doesn’t seem to have any energy left to help her calm down.
He makes a happy little jump and suddenly he climbs the desk, squatting down, narrowly missing John’s laptop.
He makes his way to the kitchen and pours himself a glass of water, drinking in heaping gulps, refilling it twice. He rubs his eyes with the heel of his hands, only to be reminded of how he pressed into Sherlock’s brow in his dream. He sniffs, clears his throat and heads back to bed.
John tugs lightly on his wrists but the small movement reverberates through Sherlock’s body, like a wave rocking sea kelp, and Sherlock falls forward, resting his cheek on John’s thigh.
There is a silence.  John thinks Molly has a point.  She pulls her coat on.  "Actually, never mind me.  I'm off to The Fox.  I have a date."
"Do you have any idea who could have been sending threatening letters to Miss Cushing?" John asks.  "Someone also sent her a funeral bouquet, with the same flowers Brian has been growing here on his lot."
And when he’d slowly worked up the courage to expose himself - ceased dating and committed himself for ever without even being sure of reciprocity - the promise of a new way of life ended with Sherlock smashing into the pavement.
"Oh, for Christ's sake!"  John pauses his ministrations, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment, trying to ignore the bait.
Wendy Badu places the container she's been carrying on the ground and crosses her arms.  She gives Sherlock a measured look, waiting for him to continue.
”Even so, you should be familiar with the concept. The level of risk is the product of probability and consequence severity. The consequence severity of harm is categorised between negligible and catastrophic, while the probability of harm occurring is categorised between rare and certain.”
Sherlock is trying hard to make this important point come across, but he's struggling to keep his voice from wobbling.  "If there's one thing Moriarty did that I'm grateful for, it's that realisation."
John's care is obvious.  But to what extent does he care?  And why is he actually observing?  What is he hoping to find?
“Please Sherlock, could you just- distract her or something? An experiment? The violin? Anything? I’m stuck, I can’t think of anything I haven’t already tried.”
-"  He grabs his arse with both hands, pulling him closer until their pelvises grind into each other.  "- is a pretty universal response."
Next year, there will be bees on their roof, helping save the planet and keeping Sherlock distracted from boredom between cases. John can already taste the honey.
John and Sherlock part ways, since Sherlock is adamant on paying a visit to Inspector Baynes to convince him of the need to investigate the suspicious brick wall.
Sherlock can't help the rage that suddenly ignites him like a dry forest catching fire from a thunderstorm.
He closes the distance and nudges his thumb at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, until his lips are slightly parted. Then slowly, he presses his lips to Sherlock’s. Sherlock keens and the sound is like a firework, an ignition, a miracle, an aphrodisiac all in one. John hadn’t expected Sherlock to reciprocate, but when Sherlock opens up his mouth only to lick deep into John’s, he’s hit by a wave of arousal. He feels drunk; there’s a static noise rising in waves in his ears and everything feels languorous.
As she sets down a tray, full of tea glasses, tiny teaspoons and a bowl of sugar, Majida asks, "Are you all right with only candlelight?  I don't want to light up and potentially attract any customers in the middle of the night."
That had been a topic of debate during his conversations with The Woman over the years. While she sympathised with his craving, she didn't approve of his approach, of course. After apologising for her own transgressions regarding consent, she'd advocated for a certain definition of safe and sane, which bored Sherlock to no end. He'd always taken measures to assure his safety, and his version of sanity had always been to make sure he'd never get tangled up in a relationship.
A child, with a sports cap on his head, is sitting on one of the cast iron benches facing the water, eating his fish and chips.  In front of the boy, behind John, is a seagull strutting around on the promenade in search of dropped treats.  Sherlock sees the moment the boy makes the terrible decision to throw some chips at it.  He knows what comes next.
"Brian spent the whole week Miss Cushing was away pickling in her kitchen.  He was in bit of a frenzy with it, but I let him be, since it was my stupid idea to begin with.  He thought it was a neat solution.  I think it eased his conscience."
The case takes them to Chelmsford. John wonders if that’s a real reason or just an excuse to make him agree to go on a case again.
Normally, he would never have asked Sherlock to babysit, but he can’t end this conversation yet, not if he wants to talk, really talk with Sherlock about what they are to each other. He needs this time. He hopes Sherlock doesn’t feel John is somehow taking advantage of him. First thoroughly snogged, then left hanging with a rather impressive tent in his trousers - if John’s eyes hadn’t deceived him - and now suddenly babysitting. If he were in Sherlock’s place, he definitely would have had a few questions as to what had just happened.
“No-one will disturb us. I put up the cleaning sign outside, and barricaded the door with a broomstick. Don’t worry, just relax and let me-”
"Well, I don't really feel like it when you're just sitting there brooding and not letting me know anything about what's going on in your head."
"What?"  John is momentarily confused, but quickly catches up.  "Oh, yes.  I brought lunch.  Yeah, that's long overdue."
"I don't care if Sarah Cushing has confessed, there's something I need to rule out.  When you interrogate her, you need to find out if she had help.  If she consulted someone.  No.  No, just do it and let me know what comes up.  I'll tell you when you have something for me.  Goodnight Greg."  Sherlock hangs up, and takes a drag on his wilting cigarette.
Sherlock comes back in the middle of the night.  He climbs into bed beside John, smelling of tobacco and the sea.  He notices John's awake, not that he ever really was sleeping in Sherlock's absence.
As had John, if he was to be uncomfortably honest about it. He would have run headlong into any danger if Sherlock asked him to. It was just that this time, it concerned Mary’s past, and Rosie had to be taken care of. Otherwise, it would more than likely have been John who ended up dead on the London Aquarium floor.
be scared when a loved one is in danger. Keeping oneself detached in such situations, that’s a pretty tall order.”
"Every evening, you tie your braids up and wrap them in silk, to protect the hair from wearing when you sleep."
“I’ve never wanted anything more in my life.” He hesitates, but the words jump out of his mouth anyway, ruining it all. “Except cocaine.”
”It’s called codependency, John. It’s a thing. Ask your therapist. That’s what happens in dysfunctional families.”
It’s over almost before it starts. Sherlock kisses the head of John’s cock, works back his foreskin with lips and tongue. John involuntary lifts his arse off the seat, thighs already cramping.
“It’s not actually pesticide. Just plain soft soap and water, given the lack of enough ladybirds. I’m not completely heartless. I do care for Mother Earth.”
"But, his morning he didn't, so I started to worry a bit.  I waited until after lunchtime, before I went up the stairs with the spare key."
He looks behind Harry, expecting Catherine to come to the door any moment now. Unless she’s out in the back, soaking up the sun in the reclining sun chair below the wisteria.
"For a number of reasons, but the first thing that comes to mind is to cover something up, erase the tracks."  He flips the shell in his palm.  "I didn't find anything worth covering up in the shed, save for the body, but he's been taken care of."
Since that first boy he snogged in his early twenties, he can’t remember anything feeling so genuinely
Then Sherlock starts running and soon they're both off in pursuit.  They run along the pier deck, barely avoiding bumping into people, making excuses as they go.
John leaves off, sighing.  "No, no, he wasn't prying, he simply suggested she'd mattered to you.  And I told him I'm not sure you feel things that way, but the way you reacted to Irene... well... "
If he hadn’t done what he did to Sherlock he’d be very tempted to come. To be allowed a valid excuse to be in his company.
"Either way, I need to be there.  We'll drop in on Molly first, then head straight to the allotment.  There's something missing in these photos from Donovan.  There's something I'm not seeing."
Sherlock. To hear his sounds as John moves his finger inside him. It’s like a dance. John initiates, experiments, and Sherlock’s response leads the way. He slowly works Sherlock to a frenzy. He’s panting, head lolling from side to side, eyes unseeing. John needs to kiss him. So he does, and puts his hand on Sherlock’s cock. It doesn’t take long from there. He works Sherlock from the inside and outside, rubbing his own already half hard cock against him.
as the days go on.  His thoughts lull him into a light drowse, and much later, when the train rolls into Brighton train station, Sherlock finds that he must have, remarkably enough, fallen asleep before John.
John was hurt, and very much so. He debated trying to talk some sense into the other man, but gave up on the idea. However, Sherlock sought him out that night.
Somehow, they had made it into Sherlock's bedroom, bumping into furniture, walls and door frames, stripping off shirts and socks and trousers along their way.
John sighed, suddenly feeling very exhausted. "Yes, Sherlock, it's not ideal, not at all. But I told you, I'm going to keep it down. It's not going to change anything between us, all right? I'm still your friend. Let's drop it now, okay?"
WARNINGS: Mentions of sexual abuse, depression, self-harm and usage of drugs. If you're a fragile soul like me, I recommend not reading this chapter. I still wonder how I managed to write it without crying.
Sherlock lay on the couch, his face turned towards the back rest, knees drawn up to his chest, and pondered. He thought about John, his smile, his devotion, his friendship. Feelings of frustration and loneliness held his heart like a vice, making it hard to breathe, to think.
Outside, at the Yard, on crime scenes, at St Bart's lab, even at Angelo's he would treat John like they were barely acquaintances. It hurt to be pushed away like this, but John chose to suffer through it silently. He knew this was just how Sherlock was. He certainly did not understand it, but he wouldn't fight about it either.
Sherlock continued to be irritable in the days that followed, going so far as to tell John, when he grabbed his jacket to follow him to a crime scene, to "stay and do whatever you ordinary people do to occupy yourselves."
Because, he reminded himself, he needed time apart from his lunatic flatmate. Time to himself, to be able to think, re-think and over-think his conclusions.
He smashed his lips to Sherlock's, forcing his lover's mouth open with his tongue, invading, not taking the time to taste but plundering, taking, sucking lips and tongue and making Sherlock moan darkly into his mouth. He lifted himself off his lover's lap, fingers shakily hooking into the waistband of Sherlock's black silk pants, pulling them down hastily when Sherlock lifted his hips in response, freeing the hot, throbbing erection.
Sherlock thought with a satisfied smile. Apparently, John did not want to be touched by him, yet he claimed to feel affection toward Sherlock and showed obvious signs of pleasure when treated in such a fashion. Then why did John not want to be touched by him?
Clara grinned. “Well, you are, of sorts.” She then shook her head. “Look, I don’t know that guy, but I’ve heard enough stories about him to know he’s pretty persistent. He won’t just give up on you. Not so easily, I don’t think.” She smiled at John, “It’ll be alright. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll go and hide that phone -- if I’m not allowed to block his number, I’ll at least keep it away from you. I’ll check it tonight for any more texts. In the meantime, you could start on your coffee and put your trousers on.” She winked at him as she got up and left the living room.
“So you’re scared. Of love and what it means. And I’d say that’s bloody normal for someone who clearly didn’t experience love very often,” she cut in. “Doesn’t give you the right to run around toying with people’s -- John’s -- feelings, first igniting hope that it’ll all be good and then throwing him out of your life. That’s not how it works.”
Taking another deep breath she crossed the room, and headed for the stairs that led up to John’s bedroom.
Clara’s hand twitched involuntarily as she unsuccessfully tried to suppress the urge to slap the tall man in the face. Sherlock stared at her in surprise and touched his cheek, blinking in what seemed to be disbelief and amazement at the same time.
“I miss you.” It was a simple statement, spoken in a broken, strangled voice, and when the words reached John’s ears, he had to suppress a sob. Not that he actually felt like he was going to cry right then and there, but the admission was more than he had ever hoped to hear. John felt his heart leap in his chest, a sudden happiness surging through him. It was as though Sherlock had offered a piece of his own heart when he said that he missed him, granted John a look inside the mystery that the younger still often was -- even to him, who had lived with the detective for what felt like forever.
But as quickly as the moment had come, it passed, and John was bitterly reminded why they sat here and that he would need more than a simple admission like this to make him stay. There was not a single doubt in the good doctor’s mind that making him come home was Sherlock’s intention by coming here, not after those words.
John moved back up his body to kiss him, taking his face into his hands to ensure the comfort of his younger lover. "Promise me something?" he asked, pulling back and looking into Sherlock's transcendent blue eyes. "The second you feel uncomfortable, tell me."
Mycroft rapidly attached the data in his head; from the lingering glances and uneasiness, Sherlock's increase of breath behind him when he shook Dr Watson's hand, from the fathomable electrical charge in the air between the two silent men, it was safe to determine that
Not only had he not got anything done for the entire first half of his day, but he had thought of nothing else but that damn controlling man, wondering why he was suddenly deciding to not get in contact at all, and wondering who he had offended up there to be handed such a nightmare on a plate. Helping one stubborn Holmes brother to find the other stubborn Holmes brother. Somebody should make a sitcom about his life, he thought.
"Still don't know what you see in me if I'm being honest." John stretched back against the headboard, his arms behind his head. "What would a fit young genius like you be doing faffing around with an old stumpy bloke like me?"
From first impressions, John didn't really see what the fuss was about. While a little intense and isolated, Sherlock wasn't the demon from hell he'd heard stories about and had been expecting. In fact, he hadn't heard a word from him for the first three lessons he had taught him for.
"These restrictions of the science labs are ridiculous" Sherlock growled to himself, jumping down from his seat and dragging his forefinger along the spines of the closest row of books.
"I think you do" Mr Holmes returned, his eyes zeroing in on John's. "How familiar are you with my brother,
The rest of the session was spent going over plans for university which Sherlock deemed as 'tedious and unimportant' and sat unresponsive for a few minutes before lapsing into his recent findings on the world's deadliest toxins when Lestrade had asked him about it.
John knew not to question how Sherlock had gotten reservations at one of the most popular restaurants in Edinburgh at peak time, he knew he would only receive a mysterious raised eyebrow in response. If anything, John thought it was incredibly romantic for someone of Sherlock's disposition, and found himself being surprised over and over again by the younger man's spontaneity.
Sherlock slid underneath Dr Watson's arm that held the door open and was immediately hit with bitter cold winter air. "Of course I do"
Greg nodded enthusiastically, almost knocking over a discarded mug in the process of moving closer to his door. Mycroft raised an eyebrow as Greg caught the mug, splashing his shirt with small speckles of cold coffee.
"Why does Sherlock have this...need, then? Surely you should know, if he's ran off before?" Greg felt himself leaning in, suddenly curious in a way he hadn't been since he was on the force, and felt the old habits of D.I. Lestrade sinking into his skin again.
John would have scolded him for interrupting his romantic declaration if he wasn't so amused by Sherlock's words, even if they were true (which they probably were, knowing Mycroft), the bluntness of Sherlock's defence had him giggling through the receiver, unaware at the smile that tugged at the young man's lips as soon as he heard it.
Sherlock squinted at him, that look that made John feel instantly panicked, as if his mind were being read by the genius that very second.
"Ready to go, mate" he nodded to the driver and stepped into the aisle as the vehicle pulled away from the kerb.
"Intermittently..." he said, gazing off into the distance. "Father always encouraged us to come along with him whenever he took trips up to see relatives."
"Wha- wait a minute. What is it- it looks dead to me?" John pushed at the material of Sherlock's scarf covering the bird's head.
It was softer than their first kiss, gentler, filled with promise and tenderness, and Sherlock remained stiller, his hands ghosting over John's as he tilted his head to avoid bumping noses with the doctor.
Greg stared at him for a moment, his mouth agape. "Surely you don't think I know where your brother is." he asked.
Sherlock found his eyes wandering to the painting of a portrait of their parents above Mycroft's desk that he was almost always automatically drawn to. He scoffed.
John's Wednesday morning free periods slowly but surely became infected with Sherlock Holmes' silent presence, he entered at 9:01 and left at 9:52, right on schedule, every week like clockwork. In fact, John found himself so used to Sherlock's schedule of appearances he even began bringing two cups of coffee with him to his classroom each week. Sherlock soundlessly accepted the steaming mug from him every Wednesday with a slight incline of his head in a grateful nod and took his usual seat on the front row, pouring over books, examining slides under microscopes, or writing extra papers for John to mark for him.
"And I don't know what I should do, I don't have the first idea, Sherlock. It's killing me, can't you see that? I don't understand any of it, I'm not even gay-"
Sherlock bounded off a second later, his head whipping round as if he were a dog being called by his owner. John downed back the rest of his drink and sprinted after him, racing around the corner to find Sherlock half-way up a nearby tree.
Greg lead him to the door eventually, with a pat on the back and the promise to 'catch up at lunch', John left with a final glance to Sherlock and closed the door behind him.
Sherlock dragged most of their luggage in behind John, who stood in the surprisingly large hallway, staring up at the curved wooden staircase which led to a balcony landing above their heads. The doors to the kitchen were open, and Sherlock encouraged him with a nod of his head to go and explore, whilst he went to lock the car.
It showed Sherlock and himself, stood extremely close together, but not touching. John's hand cupped the back of Sherlock's neck, and Sherlock's head was tilted downwards, his forehead almost touching John's, the smallest private little smile on his lips.
"I'll take that as a complement then," Greg grinned suddenly, gesturing to the lack of space between them with a nod of his head, his arms crossed over his chest.
They hiked through the woodland, Sherlock stopping continuously in fascination at the wild plants growing, scribbling down notes in a small notebook he had tucked into his pocket.
"I'd never thought of you as a romantic, John." Sherlock's amused voice filtered into the doctor's consciousness.
Sherlock looked sceptical, his unsure eyes roaming over the lines of John's face.  "There are quite a few variables working against us, John."
"How very particular of you," Sherlock commented, sifting through the pile. "10:53 3rd of August 2009"
"You sure?" John teased, hearing the drowsiness in his lover's voice, stroking his hands up Sherlock's biceps soothingly. "We can sleep for a little bit?"
"I will still be taking my exam." He replied, looking calm as ever, and taking another sip from his cup.
"Yes. Well. That goes without saying, now, doesn't it?" he saw the corner of Mycroft's mouth pulling up briefly in what looked like a smile, before it disappeared again, and he was gesturing for Greg to hurry up.
"And then promptly fell asleep." Sherlock snorted, the light of humour in his expression making him even more attractive to John, who was staring at him as though cartoon hearts were about to form in his eyes.
With the electricity of eye-contact threatening to break John's self-restraint of desire, he looked away. "This, Sherlock. Whatever
"Okay," John smiled, kissing him on the cheek, which prickled against his lips. "Ouch- that's a sensation I'm not used to with you." he laughed, placing the towel over his shoulders and reaching for the length of hair on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock remained still as John moved towards him, his hand settling on Sherlock's knee, where he was sat on one of the stools.
Pulling back slightly, he looked up to the student's face, suddenly aware of the implications that came along with the two of them sharing a bed. "Hey-" he started, his hands stroking rhythmically up and down Sherlock's sides. "I'm not expecting anything from you here, just sleeping, no funny business."
"Greg," Colin began cautiously, his lips pressed together as he looked at the clearly distressed man. "You're not on the force anymore, this is none of your concern."
John pulled his glasses away from his face, waiting for Sherlock to look back to him. "No...as long as you are aware of situations in not to use my first name"
"It's Biology." Sherlock stated, the upset still lingering in his features. "I want to drop it, I was told I had to discuss it with my tutor and get permission beforehand-"
Sherlock gave him a look in return so bewildered that it was like Greg had just told him the sky was green and the world was ruled by aliens.
"Yes," He nodded frantically, encouraging John's hands to grip his hips, feeling the heat between their bodies. He pushed a hand experimentally up John's chest, brushing a nipple and earning a surprised little gasp from the older man, who was rapidly hardening in his jeans.
"Well, Have fun without me." Sherlock raised his nose slightly, turning from the conversation back to a thick textbook he had lugged into John's classroom at the start of lunch, his head buried in the pages so intently that he'd nearly knocked John's coffee out of his hands from their collision.
Before he could answer, John appeared in the doorway, a polite and apologetic smile on his face for interrupting. When his eyes landed on Sherlock, however, the worry appeared instantaneously. "Hi Greg, erm, Sherlock- are you okay?"
Greg pulled out Sherlock's progress reports and sighed. "How are your lessons? Are you finding them challenging enough?"
John's attention was drawn to the hawk-ended cane once again in Mycroft's ringed hand, his knuckles white with the tightness of his grip.
John's immediate thought was the question of how Sherlock's deductions didn't offend him sometimes. Instead he found himself often wondering at the genius of the young man before him, wondering what his technical mental age and capability was, knowing it far exceeded his own and most of the people he knew. "I- yes, correct." John pulled his hands away from his face and startled to feel Sherlock's fingertips coming into contact with the material of his shirt, tracing along the seam uncertainly, clearly uncomfortable with the raw emotion in the room.
Sherlock sighed but obeyed, unbuckling his seatbelt as soon as they parked, just about ready to climb out before John stopped him with a hand on his chest. He turned back to him questioningly, only to be met with the liquid fire of John's eyes.
"I fear to ask about your parents-" John joked, breaking the ice. "If they were anything like your brother, I'm not sure I want to know." He teased, watching as Sherlock smiled at the sound of his laughter.
It scared the wits out of him that the young man opposite was already the most important person in his life after only becoming acquainted with him a few months prior to that feeling. John had once been called a romantic, and though he wasn't sure he lived up to the title, he definitely questioned his sanity whenever he felt the way he did looking at Sherlock Holmes.
The smoothness of Mycroft's familiar voice seeped into Greg's skin, ran through his veins like the sharp tingle of alcohol in the bloodstream. "Mycroft." he said.
"Let's go on an adventure." John's entire body was a-light, his face that of a 12 year old boy scout being faced with the prospect of new discoveries with fellow friends and freedom away from overbearing parents.
"Anywhere would be better than here right now," John picked at his nails. "The further away, the better."
"Idiot," John muttered softly, voice full of affection, snapping Sherlock out of his daydream to realise Dr Watson was still examining the cut on his thumb. "I can't leave you for one second without you injuring yourself "
Mycroft raised his eyebrows at the man, his hand twitching as he cleared the closest desk and gestured for the clerk to place the clipboards down on the surface.
"I needed to get to you! I just... I guess I'm not as young as I used to be." the doctor chuckled nervously.
A confused, newly awakened bumblebee is aimlessly bumbling about. It’s an early spring day. Sherlock is walking in the park, alone. That’s a rare occurrence, these days. Since he currently doesn’t have Rosie to focus on, all the impressions flood his mind.
"Agreed," John says, grinning. "Only thing is, I can't be bothered to go back all the way.  I'm slumped.  We should find a place to stay overnight.  Warm up a bit."
John is familiar with that stickiness; it’s especially off-putting when he’s about to dump the nappy bin bag and he opens the bin lid. “Oh, I’d always wondered what the bin-man did to the bins to get them that sticky.”
“It’s a pity that there’s no documentation of all the times I’ve cleaned up after her,” John says grudgingly. “It would have been fun, and ammunition to use in case she ever becomes a sulky teenager avoiding her chores.”
“Alright, posh boy,” John says and kisses him on the mouth, grabbing the wild curls one last time before Sherlock flounces his dressing gown, heading for the bathroom to get presentable.
Suddenly, John can’t stand it, watching Sherlock frozen in his most energetic state. He’s overcome with a sense of being back where they were, years ago, always fighting his impulses to touch Sherlock.
He doesn’t know what to say. The place looks just like he remembers it. It’s Catherine’s all over. The garish wallpaper in the kitchen, the well-worn furniture. The many watercolour landscape paintings of her own making. The abundance of plant hangers and the macrame wall hanging with clay beads. How John and Harry had struggled with those knots in the early 1980s.
tea.  "You look exhausted, both of you.  Don't mind me, I'll just sit in the corner over there and do some bookkeeping."
Will Sherlock think less of him if he tells him about his cowardice? Now, if ever, it would be best to soldier on. He grabs Sherlock’s ankles and puts his feet back down on the seat, but doesn’t let go.
John sniffles and rolls his eyes at his younger self, for giving such advice without understanding how
” He can see that Harry’s getting restless in the face of all this praise directed at her. “You’re getting sappy. Are you sure you haven’t been down to your landlady, tasting that eggnog?”
"You bought a razor kit and shaving gel at Tesco," Sherlock states.  "You didn't buy this at the pharmacy.  Is there toothpaste and toothbrushes in the backpack as well?"
John waves back at her, and then she’s off, toddling along with determined steps, towing Sherlock behind her while cooing like a train whistle. John sits down on a bench in the shade.
He feels initially shocked, a jerk of protest, a reflex. The house is like a box of memories - pleasant ones at that. Harry wants to up-end it. But it is her house, she has the right to do whatever she wants with it. And he knows very well the feeling of living in a mausoleum, another person’s belongs reminding him of his loneliness.
punch Mag- a blackmailer when he threatened my wife and tried to humiliate me. I think I only managed to refrain from violence in that moment by thinking of Rosie. It was only weeks before her birth. I knew I had a daughter coming into this world and I just kept thinking ‘the baby, the baby, I’m tolerating this for the baby’.”
"Salivation is just an automatic response," he whispers, cupping John's cheek, thumb ghosting over his cheekbone, feeling the slight stubble under his fingers as he lets go.
John's worry is heart-warming, but Sherlock's doubt is unbearable; he needs to spit it out, to explain why nothing is ever certain.  "Two components are necessary to experience an emotion--physiological arousal and a label for it.  As I told you yesterday, physiological states are ambiguous since there are numerous types of arousal.  You conceded it.  You need to understand that your emotional experience is malleable, since it partly depends on your interpretation of the situation which caused the physiological arousal."
"Look at this," Lestrade says, indicating the remnants of the back wall of the shed.  "What do you make of it?"
The hot air is like a cocoon, enveloping their bodies, making sweat break out and mingle with the dampness on their skin.
”Yes, of course you know where I’ve been and with whom. We’ve just defiled the steam room. Doctors have very steady hands, you know, and John's fingers- oh. He's hung up.”
“Listen.” His voice seems loud in the mostly quiet lounge. He tries to relax his hand, that is somehow gripping the fork hard, even though he’s not eating. “I need to apologise for what I did to you in Culverton Smith’s mortuary.”
"No time to shower, only a quick change of clothes.  Besides I'm less likely to be accosted by nosy reporters if I keep this," Sherlock says with a smirk, indicating at least three days of growth covering his jaw.  "No hat, additional stubble, and I'll be practically invisible to those unobservant, superficially inclined hacks who call themselves journalists."
"Wait," says John, noticing Sherlock's instant shift of focus.  "Funeral flowers?  The ones he used to give you, or?"
There she is, rearranging the boards into a circle, checking the equipment, her back to the door. She’s slim and wiry, in small shorts and a tight top. Barefoot. She wears her hair in a small bun, uneven strands tucked in place with hairpins - a previously short hairstyle growing out. Piercings.
Sherlock is texting with his left hand, slowly, and not responding.  Then they're already at East Croydon and it's time to get off the train.
They’ve not discussed it, but John doesn’t protest as much as Sherlock expected. He seems to appreciate when Sherlock steps in. A single parent has limited room to decline help. After all, there’s only 24 hours a day, and he needs to rest sometimes.
Well, it’s seems to all be trial and error, as John so succinctly put it the other day. Parenting that is. Sherlock’s not sure if what he is doing is considered parenting. Possibly co-parenting? Assistant-parenting?
Lestrade does a double take.  "I must say, you have very high standards.  Not even the boys from Croydon Fire are good enough for you, huh?" he mutters, slightly offended on behalf of the London Fire Brigade.
has that happened before,” he huffs. “I felt he’d betrayed me somehow. Not reaching out for help, but willingly plummeting down into drug abuse. Not for the first time.”
Harry had a brief stint in the Straight Edge community during one of her many periods of sobriety. Their commitment to live their lives free of alcohol, tobacco and other recreational drugs appealed greatly to her, coming right out of rehab. The punky attitude and raging music didn’t make it less compelling. It didn’t keep her from drinking for any longer period of time, but it left a permanent mark on her life in the form of the Straight Edge X-symbol in ink on her forearms.
The summer seemingly needs a last revisit before the real shift into autumn.  The sudden shift of weather has turned Baker Street into an oven.  The windows at the back of the house are open to hopefully let in some cooler air from the shadows, though the slight air coming in is more tepid than cold. It brings with it the pungent smell of unemptied bins, which were heated up by the sun during the morning hours.  The curtains in the main room are partly drawn to reduce the glare of the low hanging evening sun, the reflections lighting up the yellow brickwork of the houses across the street.  Old houses do not ignore the changing seasons; from the gloomy and cold damp in the winter to this unbearable heat which belongs in the summer.
I had no idea what I was getting into. The characters took on a life of their own and they were terribly chatty, taking up space in my brain at the most inconvenient times. The story grew to a format not really compatible with the time frame of this exchange.
Sherlock steps into the tub, sits down opposite John, the water reaching to his clavicles. He leans back and sinks lower, stretching his legs across, resting his feet on the seat, one foot on each side of John.
The sadness in John seems to transfer through the door and into himself. Like melancholia. A sudden lump in his throat. He leans his forehead against the door, rests his fingers on the doorknob.
For all his fumbling with men in the dark, and that one drunk blowjob he can’t quite remember, he’s never had a proper real life close up of another man’s erection, never been able to see, observe. It’s beautiful and incredibly hot, as is everything about Sherlock.
Greg looks between them.  "Were you two in a pub brawl or something?"  When he doesn't get an answer he shrugs.  "Well, just keep me updated.  Donovan has packed up the gardening tools from Mr James' flat.  They're in the van outside.  You have my permission to take them with you to Barts."
He leans further in, letting his hand slide up Sherlock’s sinewy thigh. He strengthens his grip as he goes, until his fingers are boring deep enough to make Sherlock gasp and wriggle, raising a tent in his fine trousers.
Within ten minutes, they're in the back of a warm car, picked up by the manager of Bennet's Bed & Breakfast.
"I've seen this before.  I know you think I'm mousey, but it doesn't mean I'm blind!"  Molly is exasperated.  "You never explain your theories, only enumerate exactly how many they are, and then keep mum about it until you can rattle off the clever solution, to his amazement and applause."  She points to John, who blushes to his roots.  "How about you bloody let anyone else into your head from time to time?  Stop brooding and speak up, for goodness' sake!"
He hadn’t known, had totally missed the obvious connection of Harry getting a tattoo for every new period of sobriety. That was logical. She’d always used her looks to state her independence.
Sherlock wouldn't mind that at all, if he knew it wouldn't be just a one time occasion in the same vein as John's erratic dating habits.  He'd prefer it to be something mirroring the feelings he harbours for John, ones he can't be sure are requited.  He loathes the uncertainty.
He's still crouching on the floor, gathering the fallen receipts.  "Sherlock, look."  He holds one up for Sherlock to see.  "She's used a card.  Apparently, Miss Cushing's not completely old-fashioned, even though she writes her letters with pen and paper."
There's a coffee machine and a kettle on a credenza that looks suspiciously like it came from IKEA, up against one of the walls.  John is happy to find the room is equipped with a mini bar as well, his liquid courage having dissipated greatly.  His mind is filled by a nervous energy.  He wants to quash that, just a little, so he pours some whiskey for them both.
She was a patient teacher and Watson despaired that he was not the type to fall in love with women otherwise he might have found himself half in love with her. He'd once, haltingly, asked her about companionship and she'd smiled at him as if he'd missed something obvious, shook her head, and changed the subject. He wouldn't call the three years that Holmes was dead happy ones, but Watson found happiness of a kind at 221 Baker Street.
"That man would die of starvation before he ate a plate of roast vegetables in gravy," she'd exclaimed.
After the first time he had taken Sunday tea with Mrs. Hudson while Holmes himself was home, he haltingly suggested he take a plate up to Holmes as an apology for, well, he wasn't sure, she scoffed at him.
Love came easily to John Watson and always had.  His capacity to love made him fast friends at school and well-liked by the instructors at school.  He was expansive, generous, and full with his love.  For him, there was little separation between the joy in his heart and the physical expression of that affection.  He expressed it on the rugby pitch, with his regiment on the transport ship to India, and even later in quiet moments with his orderly as they made their way north into the mountains of Afghanistan.
When Sherlock Holmes made up his mind, he was not likely to change it.  It was a surprising characterization for a man who was apt to blame others often for theorizing ahead of the facts.  On a case, he was careful and methodical.  For anything else, once he had was decided there was no turning back.
Holmes and Watson exchanged their gifts on Christmas day with dinner.  Afterwards, Watson lounged before the fire in his new housecoat and slippers. Holmes had spent the day arranging his new chemistry equipment on the table by the window.  But the bitter cold seeping in through the window the chemistry table was pressed against, and the dark early night of winter taking his light he had moved to his chair before the fire and was quite and curled up with his pipe smoking his putrid tobacco. With evening falling they were growing sleepy and laconic.
Holmes let out a rather undignified yelp and dropped his bow as I scrambled over the back of the sofa towards him, my displeasure showing clearly on my face.
I looked back over the darkened street and yawned widely. I was falling asleep on my feet after having been kept awake by Holmes for over two days in pursuit of clues for his latest case.
He sighed.  "We both know that I can very much go without, and you can very much not.  I am prone to moods and episodes.  There is the issue of the cocaine.  And I don't think you have quite forgiven me for those three years, not yet.  Sharing lodings is one thing, a bed is quite another."
"Can’t a man wake his lover with a cup of hot cocoa every now and again without it having to be an emergency, Watson?"
Holmes's miraculous return to life and London in 1894 renewed a friendship that had faltered after my marriage.  It wasn't until after I had married that I had realized that being lovers with Holmes had altered our friendship for me. The two were more intertwined than I had realized, and that by severing one, I irrevocably altered the other.  If we were to rekindle that part of our relationship now, I wanted an intimate life partner, not simply an outlet for frustrations and physical urges when the mood suited him.
"Everything else is negotiable, Holmes," I answered, not pretending I was unaware what he was truly asking.
The sun was warm, but the sea breeze was cool and soothing.  Watson was stretched out on a blanket, his straw hat shielding his eyes, and his book forgotten in his lap. The faint hum of bees hard at work in our garden mingled with his soft snores.  I was loath to wake him, but he wasn’t the brown as a nut skinny as a lath boy that he once was and his London-pale skin would burn soon.  A drizzle of honey fresh from the hives on his lips and my tongue to lick it off should do the trick.
Holmes was manic, flying about the sitting room, newspapers flung all about and notebooks balanced precipitously on whatever available surface there was.  He stopped dead when Dr. Agar followed me into the sitting room.
Watson was shocked to realize that Mrs. Hudson may very well be quite right and he very wrong about Holmes's habits, and he resolved to observe more closely. So observe he did, because along with his growing familiarity with his landlady, Watson had developed a deep affection for the man he shared rooms with. The two feelings couldn't be more different. Although he did not, nor had he ever had a sister, Watson supposed what he felt for Mrs. Hudson was akin to what a younger brother might feel for an indulgent older sister. Mrs. Hudson was warmth, happiness, and ease. Holmes, on the other hand was fire, passion, and excitement. Watson reveled in the feelings around both - hedonistic and indulgent.
Holmes, who was quite skilled at leading suspects and clients alike to revealing exactly the information he needed, met Sterndale's initial hostility with careful questioning patience.
Watson moaned and jerked, ineffectually trying to bat my hands away from his face.  I murmured softly, indistinctly, at him as he came awake as I pressed the ice wrapped in a damp cloth against his swollen face. He huffed, his face too painful to make any real expression, of annoyance at being awoken, at being hurt, or even being coddled by me.
"In order for this rest cure to be successful, Mr. Holmes must work hard to clear his mind of the thoughts that drive him to his drug," Dr. Agar said, seriously.  "He must choose to move forward without cocaine, and sometimes that choice must be made every day.  A rest will help this process."  He smiled at me, softly.
Watson woke sometime before dawn, the unfamiliar weight of a body next to him and the unnatural quiet of the night outside the window pulled him back to wakefulness despite the tired satisfaction that permeated him down to his bones. There was eerie glow to the room, and as he shifted to look out the window, he realized the cause.  Snow fell gently outside, already gathering against the window and the white powder covering the streets, buildings, and trees outside had caused the streetlights to reflect more brightly through the narrow windows.
Holmes wrung his hands in front of him. "You cook for me," he said, haltingly. Then he gestured to the table. "I thought I would do the same for you."
I didn't give my story the ending it deserved, but instead jotted down some drivel about Holmes never loving a woman in a rush to finish it.  It was quite true: the man had never loved a woman, save, perhaps his mother. But the bit about what he would do if the person he loved met such an end, of that I had no doubt.  That bit was for him to read and tease me over.  I dropped the manuscript at my editor the very next morning, and headed straight to the station after.
"That's it," I declared, rising, and pulling him bodily towards the door.  The brakes were squealing as we headed into our next stop.  "We're returning.  I'll get you a dose to get you through, but you will see this case through or I am quite certain that a poor abused woman desperate to escape her cruel tyrant of a husband will end up hanging."
"Let me guess," I said as I pulled my nightshirt over my head and exchanged it for the clean shirt.  "The game’s afoot."
I awoke to my name being urgently whispered and a warm cup of cocoa being pressed into my hand.  I raised it cautiously to my lips and was pleased to find it the perfect temperature for drinking.  I took a sip and lowered it, looking suspiciously at Holmes.  ”What in the world is it now?” I asked.
"You pulled me out," he said.  "You pulled me out," he repeated.  "I owe you," he began, "I owe you my thanks-"
He began to slowly awaken from his coma. Confused, struggling to form words, and completely unaware of who or where he was. I would not give up. I would never give up for him. The pieces of his mind returned slowly.
The next morning, we enjoyed the brisk sea air together on a bluff overlooking the bay.  The atmosphere here was doing him wonders and his complexion was brightening by what seemed to be the hour.  Last night had brought a sort of easiness to our interactions, although, as if we had declared a truce and decided to move forward.  I was still unsure as to what the future held for us in that regard, and unsure if it was wise to pursue it while he was still recovering, but I had a hard time telling him no.
I rolled my eyes and returned to the subject at hand. "Were there any signs of this mysterious figure outside the window?"
"Wilde is responsible for his own actions," Holmes said after many minutes of silence.  I looked up, brow furrowed.  It wasn't like him to take so long a pause and continue a conversation.  He was given to quick exclamations and even quicker rejoinders.
I gave him a look, both of us aware that we had different feelings about what exactly 'undue exertion' was but offered a quiet, "thank you."  He grinned like a schoolboy up to some mischief. I had very little room to talk, having put him through plenty of "undue exertion" last night.
"Took you long enough!  I wasn't flattered you thought I was so far gone that I was falling over things."
"It's that damned cocaine.  You can't even last a few hours without it any more can you?  No wonder Hopkins hasn't been seen around lately and you have been so distracted and irritable.  You've been so distracted and determined to return to London you didn't even bother to look about you."
We left the Tregennis household and headed back to our cottage. Holmes seemed distracted and I was happy to stop when he suggested it.  We settled into the chairs by the front windows to update each other on what we had discovered during our separate interviews.  Despite his lingering cough, I enjoyed his focused manner and the familiar pace of the discussion on the case as we tossed observations back and forth.  It was a comforting pattern as we both added what we had observed, sharing our insights in the hope that the combined knowledge would lead to a, well,
Between them in the quiet and under the heavy quilt, the space between them was warm and comforting.  It felt familiar, although Watson had never awoken to it before. Holmes's breath breath ghosted across his cheek and he could feel in the space from one breath to the next when Holmes awoke.
"We should return to London at once," he said.  "Let Hopkins lead with the apprehension of the gang, I have no idea why he called us out."
"Of course it was," he replied. "But he was acting on orders from the trainer who stood to make a tidy sum betting against the odds-on favorite. Remarkable, just remarkable Watson."
"For the hurt I caused, so early in our friendship.  Had I known the damage it would cause you, cause us, I would have been a bit more…" He paused, as if searching for the word.  "Careful in how I treated you."
you were and what you were offering me.  I truly am very sorry I was so careless in my refusal to accept it. "
I had, of course, learned to ride as youngster and so I donned the breeches, boots, and coat that had been long buried in a trunk and joined Watson with hunt cap in hand.
"Never! I have impeccable aim!" he said throwing himself into my room and slamming the door shut in my face.
Holmes's questioning of Roundhay's fire surprised me, and I looked Holmes over carefully.  I was certain he remembered last night's weather and cold - he had even complained very loudly when I abandoned him to tend to the fire and returned with frigid toes.  The resulting tussle had led to further exertions and my assertions that the spring storm had addled his brain.
"Shall we go?" he asked, standing and extending a hand to me and pulling me up with surprising strength.  "Wait for me at the cottage!"
As we waited on the cold, quiet railway platform in stoney silence, I glanced over the posters advertising holiday excursions on the Great Western Railway.  Poldhu sounded quite appealing, distant and isolated from the madness that had become my life.
"That man loathes a roast," she scoffed. "Lamb in mint sauce, veal cutlets, braised salmon, roast duck, curried chicken, and baked haddock. But a roast? No."
To be honest, he was a bit startled at the invitation. Over the past dozen days or so, he'd convinced himself that he had been terribly rude to intrude on his landlady' private sanctum like that and had nearly plucked up the courage to apologize. In fact, he'd been nearly ready to rouse himself to go down to take supper in his club as the lack of food at a quarter past Mrs. Hudson's normal hour to serve tea had made him realize that Holmes had very likely told her not to bother.
"Reasonable? Holmes, you woke me in the middle of the night wearing a costume, carrying a shield, and informing me you are going to fight crime and you’re telling ME to be reasonable?"
I was outside, his body clutched to mine and realized it wasn't water I heard, but my own desperate gasps for air.
A loud sigh distracted me.  I looked up to see Holmes looking out the window, long fingers tapping against his lips.
The next day I visited an old friend of mine, a doctor who specialized in working with men who wished to be done once and for all with the drugs that ruled their lives.  I returned to Baker Street, Dr. Moore Agar in tow.
"I don't know that it does." I answered carefully.  "The man should have never attempted a prosecution of Queensbury.  It was clear to everyone."
"I took it for granted that you cared for me, but I failed to realize that I had fallen in love until you had declared your intentions to marry Miss Morstan.  And then I realized my fatal mistake.  Your heart was large enough for both of us, but my jealous nature would never be content to share."
Holmes was never invited to dinner, and to Watson's immense relief not once had indicated that he felt in any way left out by a lack of invitation. Watson wasn't sure what he'd do if he'd felt obligated to allow Holmes to insert himself into what was, in it's own way, one of the highlights of his week. It was a relief to share a chuckle over an anecdote with someone who knew his roommate so well and who would not judge either one of them for the reasons why Watson tolerated all manner of nonsense in his sitting room. Watson suspected now, in hindsight, that Mrs. Hudson understood his reasons long before he ever did.
"Don't, Holmes.  Don't pretend you don't feel. That was a fiction invented for the stories.  You and I are both more than aware that you have a deep capacity for love and a generous heart."
6. Has allowed his moustache to grow frightfully bushy, must encourage him to trim it before it leaves a tell-tale rash on my neck
"You do, and you will.  This is not sustainable.  If you wish to end your dependence on this vile substance you will have your consultation with Dr. Agar."
It exploded in my face, more surprising than truly dangerous, but so very loud.  I froze for a moment before racing up the stairs and poking my head around Watson’s door.  He was picking himself and his bedclothes up off the floor on the far side of his bed.
"I'm really quite terrible at this," Holmes finally said, looking back at Watson, a chagrined half-smile playing at his lips.
John Watson was a hedonist in love with an ascetic. Sherlock Holmes didn’t deny himself sex, no, he was too practical to not seek the release that an orgasm wrung from his long thin frame. But love? Affection? Tender touches and the softer emotions? Those were to be avoided and feared. It was no wonder that after attempting to love Sherlock Holmes, Watson found himself turning towards a woman who happily accepted all the love he gave and reflected it back to him with beauty, grace, and kindness.
"Wilde?"  I was taken aback by the familiarity and casualness of the way Holmes said is name.  He had given no previous indication that he had any acquaintance with the man, and certainly not one that would warrant such an intimacy of being referred to as Oscar to your friends.
I nodded, waiting for him to continue, but he appeared to be done.  He rose and retired to bed not long after and left me with a gentle squeeze on my shoulder.  A not uncommon gesture from him, but one that seemed to carry more weight tonight than it ever had.  Holmes had said something important to me tonight and I was not quite sure I understood him.
I had only know him a short while, but found myself incapable of refusing. I laid my head back and let my eyes drift closed.
It took him an embarrassingly long time to realize that she too would grieve the loss of Holmes, and when he emerged from his stupor and caught up with the world that had continued to exist around him, he tried his best to make it up to her. She smiled at him and told him she was well situated, thanks to the elder Holmes brother, and would not need to take on a new lodger for a good while yet. He learned to cook, and the two maids of all work that Mrs. Hudson employed to help keep the house most certainly found it amusing to see the sandy haired doctor with an apron, sleeves rolled up, wielding a knife expertly on vegetables, pastries, and meats.
"I know enough to know that the solution to this case is staring you right in the face, but you are too drugged to see it." I sighed, defeated. "You'll die from this one of these days. And this time you won't come back to me."
Poldhu was exactly as I imagined it would be, sleepy, dull, wild, and simple.  We settled into our cottage, quietly situated at the end of a lane.  I sought the seclusion as much for the privacy during Holmes's recovery habit as an optimistic hope that we would want it for more personal reasons.  The cottage's caretaker ran a small inn at the top of the lane and seemed delighted to let the cottage to off-season visitors and even more delighted that the visitors were famous.  Our presence certainly led to what I suspected was a very unusually crowded sitting room for tea at the main inn.
But instead of answering as he had expected, she instead opened the door to her apartment wider. "You'd best come in, Doctor. Mr. Holmes had said there was no need for tea today, but I see he's neglected to take you into account when deciding such things," she had said.
His gray eyes searched mine and I was startled at the depth of emotion in them.  Please let me never say the man has a clockwork heart again.
Holmes hummed and turned toward the window again.  Effectively ending the conversation with the unanswered question.  We finished the rest of the train ride in silence.
