Back in the bunker, Sam went to Jack's room to talk to him in order to identify how much of his soul was still left. In the meantime, Dean was tending to Cas' wounds, that weren't healing on their own like they used to. Although Jack had managed to get Castiel back to the land of the living with his powers, Dean could feel that the angel still wasn't back to his old potential.
"I'm sorry, Cas, I really am..but believe me, it's for the best", he apologized before he shook free from the angel's grip and opened the garage door to press his hand onto the bloody sigil that he had already prepainted on the back of it. Cas' lips parted in an attempt to say 'No', but the bright light swallowed him before he got the chance to contradict. Dean already felt bad for what he had done, but this would at least throw Cas off his scent for long enough to give him a good headstart.
. But before Dean had left, he had gotten them pizza. Being an angel, Cas didn't need to eat, so he was just sitting at the table, keeping them company like he always did. This was when Dean -
"Except there is..", Cas interrupted Dean, pointing his finger at a specific paragraph right in the middle of the page.
an angel blade, Dean-", Castiel groaned as he rocked his hips to grind up into Dean's hand, "-and it is
"Cas..I don't know what's going on inside that crazy head of yours, but..I haven't done this before either..you know..with a guy, I mean..but..I trust you", Dean said reassuringly, before he added cockily, "And if I'm allowed draw any conclusions from the way that you just made out with me..sue me, but I highly doubt that anything that you might do could be anywhere near uncomfortable". Cas sighed in relief and the tense muscles in his body visibly relaxed as Dean pulled at his bottom lip, his lips hot and dry. The angel leaned in to the kiss and even though he didn't have any experience in this area, he decided to let his undying love for this man guide him. Besides, it wasn't as if he hadn't read one thing or another about sex while he had spent the nights alone in the bunker, researching human behavior to understand the Winchesters even better. Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair and pulled him closer by the nape of his neck to deepen their kiss.
Suddenly, everything turned silent and the only sounds Dean could hear, were Castiel's shallow breathing and his own heartbeat, that seemed to be louder than usual. Before he knew it, Dean felt soft lips barely brushing his in a tender and feathery kiss. His lips were tingling under the radiant warmth of Castiel's touch as he melted into their kiss. In this moment, it seemed like nothing else in this world mattered and he allowed himself to give in to the sensation, without moving or thinking.
"I know who you are", the voice finally answered in a strange accent. The words were drawn-out as if Dean was facing a weird creature from one of these bad 90's horror movies. "Then I guess you also know what I want", Dean scoffed, suddenly feeling a bit cocky. "You want the angel", the voice exclaimed, "Castiel. He is my prisoner. I will drag him down here to be trapped with me for all eternity when he finally allows himself to be happy. He has agreed to these terms". Dean couldn't help but shudder at the idea of Castiel being trapped in this dark place for ever, but at the same time he was boiling with anger at the cruelty of this..thing. "Yeah, I know the deal and I'm here to break it. So tell me, what do you want?", Dean asked, demanding.
"Cas", he heard Dean's soft voice speak, before he slowly drifted off to sleep again, "Welcome back, buddy".
Considering that Cas had been a part of their family for quite some time now, he would probably understand it, too. And even Dean would eventually see that his outburst was wrong and that the reason for it wasn't that he was angry, but the fact that he
Determined to make this work, Dean made his way down the hallway. A strange smell wafted in from the kitchen where, oddly enough, he found Castiel preparing breakfast. The angel was highly focused on his task of frying bacon, holding the kitchen spatula in his hand as if it was some strange kind of weapon. "Good morning sunshine", Dean said brightly, but he couldn't hide the blush that slowly started to creep up his cheeks.
Dean felt so guilty as all of his sins suddenly dragged him to the deep. A hot tear started to stream down his face as he realized that Castiel had always been there for him and he had just been too stupid to see it. Or maybe he had just been too damn proud to admit that he could need someone by his side more than he knew.
Dean releases Michael to fight against Lucifer in order to save Cas from his deal with the Empty. But can he lock Michael back up again in order to save himself?
Just as he heard the soft drumming sounds, Dean realized that the radio in the kitchen had been on all along. Apparently, Sam had turned on some 80's station and Dean just leaned back for a moment to listen to the music in an effort to keep his mind off things. Instead, the song that was playing, was dragging him even further down into this vortex of emotions.
By the time he stepped out of the shower, he had decided that he would just forget about what happened and not bring it up again. It was awkward enough for both of them already, so he wouldn't bother Cas with it. And with all that they had on their plates right now, it was probably for the best.
Warnings: LOVE CONFESSIONS! Canon typical suicidal thoughts (as in the planning of a suicide mission). Canon typical hints at alcohol abuse. Canon typical fighting & violence.
He rummaged around his room to pack some necessities before he walked down the hallway towards the garage with a backpack in his hand. About midway, he felt a hand on his shoulder, stopping him. Castiel had gone after him because he had heard the noise.
"I'm sorry, you have me confused with the other angel? You know the one with the dirty trenchcoat who's in love with you?"
Dean and Sam had been lying on the floor, injured but out of any immediate danger, so Jack had instantly rushed towards the petrified Cas to help him. He had fished the antidote from the pocket of the angel's trenchcoat and had poured a few drops into his mouth, but nothing had happened. Desperate to lose him, Jack had touched Castiel's temples with his fingers in order to heal him with his powers, burning off even more of his already injured soul. Castiel had woken up from his stupor, but he was clearly weakened. After the brothers had recovered from their fight, they had helped Cas to get into the Impala and driven home.
It took him everything not to throw up right then and there, because it was too much of what he wanted all at once. The realization of the angel's unconditional love for him was overwhelming and even though he could have figured as much from the way that Cas had kissed him in the hallway and the way that he had always forgiven Dean for rejecting him without a single question every fucking time, it was only now that Dean began to fully understand the scale of it all.
Castiel had just entered the bunker again, his trenchcoat dripping from the rain that was pouring outside, when he felt a sudden bolt of electricity running through his body. Everything went black and he heard a thunderous voice rambling inside his head. "Congratulations", the voice growled at him in a strange, yet familiar accent, "You're free. Be happy. Do whatever. I guess I'm gonna see you soon anyway". And just like that, the voice was gone again and Cas came back to consciousness in the bunker's war room.
He ran and ran, slowly catching up to Michael, as other memories came flashing by. "I'm hunted. I've rebelled. And I did it, all of it, for you", he heard his own voice speak, "I'm doing this for you, Dean, I'm doing this because of you".
When he had emptied his cup, Dean turned off the tap and put the dishes into the hot dishwater. He could feel Castiel's gaze on him, as he washed the dishes, which made it a struggle for him to keep his hands steady. Fortunately, he managed to clean the plates without any further accidents, but just as he wanted to set the last plate down on the drying rack, it almost slipped out of his hands.
The older brother put a piece of bacon into his mouth and tasted it. "I like it", he said with his mouth full and shrugged as he looked at Cas, who smiled at him fondly. Sam raised an eyebrow and looked at the two of them observantly before he shook his head and focused his attention on the non-burnt parts of his breakfast.
And then, maybe it didn't even matter who he was, which gender he was attracted to and how any of this had even happened in the first place. All that he knew was that he would go to hell and back for this guy without giving it a second thought. And right now, nothing else mattered. Not Castiel's deal. Not his father's voice in his subconscious mind that was telling him to be a man. No demon or monster in the whole friggin' world.
Cas chuckled. "I just wanted to see how you feel. However, I will just let you go back to sleep in peace. Get some rest."
Because it was in this moment, as he was held in Castiel's loving arms that he realized that he had already fallen for him.
Dean closed his eyes to fight back the tears and rested his head on the angel's shoulder. He took comfort in Castiel's proximity and even though he didn't do anything specific, he was
As soon as Sam had arrived back at the bunker and was filled in on the situation by Jack, he immediately started to hit the books, trying to translate the words that Donatello had said. Suddenly, he realized that he remembered a few of the words. They were from the bible. "It's Peter. Peter 5:8. Here", he said to Jack, pointing at the paragraph in the bible. "Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the Devil, as a roaring lion walketh about, seeking whom he may devour", he recited with a tense expression on his face.
Castiel came back to conscience inside Dean's mind. It was completely dark and all that he could hear were the loud, metallic thumping noises that made his head hurt. Now that he felt the same pain that Dean had been going through for the last couple of weeks, he felt even more guilty for not being able to help him any sooner.
"It‘s okay, Dean. I know that it's a lot to take in and I am aware that the things that I have said and done don‘t exactly make this any easier for you", the angel admitted ruefully. Dean breathed a small laugh and raised his eyebrows, "Talk of an understatement". Cas began to nervously fumble around with his hands before he breathed a sigh. "I'm sorry, Dean..I really am", he apologized sincerely.
"Seriously? Now I'm the irritable one?", Dean scoffed and pulled a face. He looked at the angel disapprovingly, before he looked back at his brother. "You really wanna know why I'm so irritable lately? Because my friggin' head hurts like hell and I haven‘t gotten a lot of sleep lately, okay?".
On their return, they found Jack huddled into a chair, his face distorted with pain. Cas was standing next to him, trying to help him, but he was at a loss and his powers weren't strong enough to relieve him from his pain. Apparently, Nick was working his dark spell and Jack could feel it in his body, because Nick was using his blood to do it.
It was so unfair. As if Cas hadn't already endured enough shit in his life, now the Empty wanted him to be happy, just to be able to take it all away from him again. Cas didn't deserve that. But Dean had no intentions of letting that happen anyway.
"Nice work back there", Dean told him, as he looked at the man in appreciation. It felt a bit like looking into a mirror, because Daniel not only had a similar statue, but also shared Dean's sense in fashion. "Thanks man", Daniel answered, rolling up the sleeves of his plaid shirt.
"Dean..fucking..Winchester", he screamed hoarsely, his cock jerking frantically as he filled Dean with his seed. "Elasa..biab..", he mumbled incoherently, his voice quivering in a deep baritone timbre, as he rode out his orgasm, "..en..olapireta..a..a..oresa".
had". Sam just raised his eyebrows and chuckled to himself as they all focused their attention back on their respective meals.
"Anyway, I‘m sorry that I‘ve interrupted you guys. Maybe you should just give him some time to lick his wounds and talk to him in the morning. This is a matter that you should settle between the two of you and I promise that I’m not going to interrupt", he said, but instead of leaving it at that, he added with a wink "..whatever it is that the two of you might be doing".
The fact that Cas was his friend didn't exactly make it any easier either. Whatever he was about to do or say would irrevocably change their relationship for ever. Once words had been spoken and things had been done, there would be no turning back and Dean knew it. But he wanted to do it right this time. For them. For
Dean watched Cas' adam's apple bob as he downed the whiskey in a single swallow, apparently entirely unaffected by the sting of alcohol in his throat. The hunter licked his lips absentmindedly as his gaze followed the angel. Cas retrieved an old book from the shelf and set it down on the table, before he started to flip through the pages. Dean craned his neck to lean over Cas' shoulder and scanned over the page with his eyes, but had to move closer because the font was too small. Or maybe it was just the influence of the liquor that made him feel the need to be a bit closer to Cas.
"Sure", Dean answered and Sam opened the door. Dean squinted his eyes at the light that suddenly fell in from the hallway. "I thought Cas was with you", Sam remarked as he looked at his brother questioningly. "He was", Dean answered, as he looked down at his feet, "He just left..said he's got work to do".
Dean opened his eyes and they crinkled with the soft and honest smile that he gave the angel. It was the first time in a long while that Cas had seen Dean smile and it filled the angel's heart with warmth. He was relieved that Dean had let him get close to him again and it was as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders.
Dean felt the warmth of Castiel's hand that was still wrapped around his wrist. The skin on his hand felt a bit rough but his strong grip grounded Dean. He looked at the angel's beautifully shaped lips, that looked so kissable in this moment. All he wanted to do right now, was to pin Cas against the fridge and kiss him until they both couldn't breathe anymore. He couldn't help but lick his own lips as he took a step towards the angel.
about Cas more than he'd like to admit. He would just need a little nudge in the right direction and Sam would make sure that he got it. It was the least he could do for his big brother, after all the years that Dean had taken care of him.
Castiel and Dean had seen this movie together already, but Cas didn't mention it, because he knew that Dean secretly liked it, even though he would never openly admit it. They both got comfortable in their armchairs as they watched the movie and occasionally chuckled at the jokes.
Castiel had always thought that, whatever it was between them, just remained this unspoken thing that they never acted upon because Dean didn‘t think he deserved something good or because he was punishing himself. But apparently, he wasn‘t even aware of it, as it was overshadowed by all the bad things that had happened to him in his life. Cas shifted his weight to his other foot so he now stood even closer to Dean, if that was even possible. It appeared as if the air between them was so thick that it could have been cut with a knife.
as a comfort food for Dean. Sam had to admit that these burgers had tasted pretty good, but when he saw the sheer adoration in Dean's eyes, he had already half expected his brother to drop to his knees and ask Cas to marry him right there and then. Of course he didn't, because let's be honest, it's Dean that we're talking about here, but it was still sweet to see how well Cas' attempt to show his affection had worked. After all, the way to a man's heart - especially to Dean's heart - was through his stomach and Cas seemed to be well aware of that.
Before he could further think about it, Sam entered the kitchen, clearing his throat. Dean looked at him, irritated. "I forgot my book", Sam explained and took it from the kitchen table, before he left the room again.
Just when the anticipation was about to become unbearable, Cas breathed an almost laugh, his lips barely parting as his eyes crinkled with a warm and honest-to-God smile. The angel shuffled closer to Dean to caress his cheek. Dean closed his eyes and leaned in to the warm touch, sighing in relief as the realization of what this meant slowly began to sink in. His heart was still racing in his chest and he could hear the pulse of it in his ears.
On their ride back, Sam still kept looking and smiling at Dean occasionally. "What is it Sam?", Dean asked, irritated by his brother's weird behavior, but Sam just chuckled and looked out of the window. Dean looked at the street in front of him and shook his head in disbelief.
Cas knew that the hunter had a strong and powerful mind. If nothing else, his fight against Lucifer had proven that once and for all. But no matter how strong Dean was and no matter how often Cas would use his healing powers to dull the pain in his head, this could only be a temporary solution and he knew it. He needed to find a way to solve this issue once and for all, to let the last obstacle that stood between them fall for good, so that they could finally be happy.
. The words sent an ecstatic tingle to Dean's belly. God, it was cheesy..but who was Dean to refuse a little chick flick moment of his own?
But when he looked back into Dean's mesmerizing green eyes, he suddenly remembered everything. The hurt, the loss and the heartbreak. The wasted opportunities, the longing gazes and the unspoken words. He had seen the world from Dean's perspective and it was painful and yet so bittersweet. All the memories that he had seen through the hunter's eyes lay heavy on his heart, but at the same time, he felt like he now had a deeper understanding of every facet of Dean's being. He had seen it all - the good, the bad and the ugly - and even though he didn't think it was possible, he admired this wonderful man even more now. And yet, there was this unsettling feeling deep inside his stomach that made him feel remorseful.
However, he didn't get much of a chance to blame himself, as Castiel's healing spell was slowly wearing off and the thumping inside his head began again. At first, there was an occasional dull thudding sound, but it was increasing steadily as Michael gained his powers back.
son. But, supposing that Nick was telling the truth, Donatello only had a few hours left and as Jack had also stated that he wasn't afraid of Nick, they gave in to his wish with a heavy heart.
". Castiel positively shuddered as the last word rolled off Dean's tongue and he couldn't deny that something in his pants was definitely beginning to stir right now, as Dean let his hand wander even further upwards. Cas could feel the heat radiating from the hunter's face as he leaned in closer, looking at the angel with expectant and hungry eyes.
Written on the page were the usual facts about angel possession. Dean was quite certain that he had already read this very book about a dozen times when he had done the research for his plans to kill Lucifer. "But that‘s the stuff we already know, Cas..you have to say yes, but once you did, there‘s no going back-", Dean observed, slightly annoyed. He didn't understand how this was supposed to help them in any way and he already assumed that this was Castiel's way of stalling him until Sam would come back and they could talk him out of this together.
The atmosphere between them was charged with something that Dean couldn't quite put his finger on. Uncertainty and helplessness hang like a heavy curtain of fog in the air between them. Dean tried to figure out what to say next to resolve the awkwardness of the situation, but he couldn't break away from Castiel's beautiful eyes that were swallowing him whole like deep blue oceans. What was he supposed to say anyway? He had this unerring way of always saying all the wrong things in all the wrong situations, so why would it be any different this time? Dean didn't want to ruin everything again and yet he felt like it was his place to say something. He could feel Castiel's unease as well, as the angel smiled nervously.
The memories slowed down for a bit. He saw Dean standing next to Bobby and Sam as they were in the middle of a heated discussion. "This is Cas, guys. I mean, when there was no one.. And we were stuck - and I mean really stuck - he broke ranks. He has gone to the mat cut and bleeding for us so many freakin' times. This is
He knew that Dean didn't really mean what he had said earlier and the fact that Dean came to him with this sincere apology affirmed Cas in his belief. No matter what Dean would do to him, in Castiel's eyes, he would always be the righteous man that he had rescued from hell and that did deserve to be saved, even though Dean himself wasn't able to see it that way.
Dean found Sam and Jack already sitting at the kitchen table while Cas was scrabbling about at the kitchen counter. "Good morning sunshine", Sammy greeted him. Dean sat down opposite his brother carefully, trying to not put too much strain on his patched up wounds. "Are you okay?", Sam asked as he saw the pain in his brother's eyes.
Dean roughly wiped himself off on the sheets before he put on some clothes and stripped the bed. He took a detour to the laundry to put the sheets in the washing machine, before he entered the kitchen, where Sam was already sitting at the table with a mug of coffee and a sandwich. "Mornin' Sammy", Dean said, trying to keep his voice neutral as he greeted his brother, but he couldn‘t help the slight happy swing that sounded with it and Sam seemed to notice. "Good morning, Dean", Sam countered. Dean filled his mug with coffee and sat down at the table opposite his brother. Sam nodded at him, before he asked "How you doin'?", a knowing smile on his lips.
"You‘re not suggesting what I think you are..", Dean asked with raised eyebrows, but when he looked into Castiel's eyes, he felt like he already knew the answer, "Wait..are you?". Cas shifted from one foot to the other in a restless gesture that mirrored his inner turmoil. "I believe I am", he said hesitantly.
There were so many things that Dean wanted to say to the angel, but he was still struggling to find the right words. The angel looked into his eyes with honest interest and Dean felt the sudden urge to punch himself for not being able to piece together a decent sentence. Cas deserved so much better than that. But there Dean was, taking the playful and safe route like he always did when things started to get serious. "Honestly? Like I've been run over by a truck and been taken apart from the inside", Dean answered. It wasn't exactly a lie, but it still wasn't what Cas deserved to hear right now.
"Yeah, let's talk", Sam answered way too enthusiastically. "Hey, hey. No, no, no", Dean objected as he pushed his brother back with two hands on his chest. "What?", Sam asked him in confusion. "I need you to stay here", said Dean, "The way you are right now..if Nick looks at you wrong, you're gonna waste him. That can't happen". "All right. Yeah. Sure", Sam said with a fake smile plastered across his face, as he stayed behind and watched his brother leave.
"Hey Dean", Castiel stopped him by placing his hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean turned around to look at him disapprovingly. "What happened to him..that was my fault", Castiel explained with a rueful voice, "It was necessary, but doesn't mean I don't regret it. It doesn't mean that I don't wish that there could've been another way". There was a tinge of vulnerability to the angel's voice as he said the last sentence. Even if he didn't show it all the time, he cared about people and the ones that he couldn't save were especially tough for him.
Usually, a flirtatious sentence like this would roll off his tongue easily, but throw a kiss and a bunch of feelings into the mix and Dean was suddenly a blushing mess who couldn't remember what year it was. He tried to hide his nervousness by leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed in front of him. Even though it might have looked like a casual gesture from the outside, he really needed that supporting wall next to him to steady himself.
Cas wanted to scream it from the top of the highest mountain for the wind to carry his message around the world. But more than anything, he never wanted to let Dean go ever again. After all that they had gone through in the last years and especially in the past few weeks, it seemed like he would finally get his happy ending and, thanks to his savior Dean, he didn't even have to worry about being taken by the Empty anytime soon.
, he thought. Because once he opened this door, there would be no turning back. Once Michael was set free again, failure was no longer an option. He had to be ready for anything and he had to destroy Michael to succeed. Cas closed his eyes and gathered his courage. "For Dean
"Make it twenty. I still need to shower", Dean said as he disentangled his hand from Cas' and stood up. Sam nodded in his direction in approval. Cas took a hold of Dean's hand again and followed after him. Just before they left the kitchen, Cas looked back at Sam over his shoulder. "Make it thirty", the angel said with a cocky smile on his lips and Sam squinched up his face in digust before he turned around to leave the room as soon as he could. No matter how supportive he was of their relationship, there was still such a thing as
"Are you sure?", Castiel asked, "I promise that I won't look around in your uh..private affairs. I'm only going to banish Michael and that's it" Dean looked at him with confidence. "
Dean straightened up and swallowed as Castiel's words slowly began to sink in. He could see the angel's lips trembling slightly as he looked at him with remorse.
When everything was set, Dean decided that it might be best to mentally prepare himself for the task at hand. He thought about the times that he had already been posessed by demons. It had always been hard to gain the upper hand again once he had been posessed, but with demons, it was relatively easy, compared to angelic posession. Michael, on the other hand, was something else entirely. He was so strong that it had been nearly impossible for Dean to hold him back, so he would need all of his willpower to pull this off.
He sat there in front of the open book, racking his brains and pondering if his theory could work out. It would be dangerous, that was certain. But he knew that he had to try it. But how in God's name would he tell Dean?
After an extended hot shower, Dean finally began to feel like himself again. He stepped out of the steamy shower with a towel twisted around his hips. When he came back into his room, Cas had already left. The hunter sighed and went to put on some sweatpants and a shirt before he slowly shuffled towards the kitchen. A hearty smell lingered in the air and it made Dean's empty stomach growl. He was starving.
Dean could hear in his voice that Cas wasn't quite grasping what he was trying to say here and Dean wasn't all that satisfied with the way that his words had come out either. He knew that he had been dancing dangerously close around the topic, without really getting to the point. He knew that he had to take the leap eventually, but he still decided to take a last chance with his well practiced bravado and nudged Cas' shoulder. "Oh come on, it’s not just that..you know what I mean". But apparently, Castiel really didn't understand and Dean could've torn his hair out right then and there when he realized that no amount of his cocky bravado would get him anywhere at this point. "It‘s okay, Dean. I know that I can‘t just unload my emotional baggage on you and expect you to feel the same way. I understand", Cas sighed with a hint of hopelessness in his voice.
"Shit", Sam gasped breathily and pressed his fingers over his forehead as he agitatedly started to pace the room. As if he had just had a flash of inspiration, Sam pushed past the angel and ran over to Dean's room, trying to find a clue of his whereabouts. Castiel pressed his eyes shut in a gesture of sorrow as he saw Sam swaying Dean's phone in his hand. "He didn't want us to find him", Sam sighed exasperated. "What do we do now?", Cas asked the hunter, distressed. "I'm afraid there's nothing we can do, but wait", Sam answered, as he ran the back of his hand over his mouth hopelessly, wishing that he could have said something else.
"If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you", Cas began to sing gently, his voice deep and still a bit hoarse, "When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me".
Dean had declared it his mission to show the angel all the classic movies, so he would understand the references that he liked to make on certain occasions. He had told himself that he was just watching the movie for the sake of Cas' popcultural education, but deep inside he knew that it wasn't just about that. He leaned back in his chair as the names of the cast faded in.
Dean sighed. Of course, as if all of this wasn't already complicated enough, there was still the elephant in the room. He had tried his best to ignore these thoughts, but they always kept creeping back up on him when he least expected them to.
, the guy had rebelled against heaven and had sacrificed everything that was dear to him to be loyal to Dean. The righteous man that he had rescued from hell and that he believed to be worthy of his sacrifices.
Castiel's heart made a sudden jump and he realized that he was crying. How could he not have noticed this? Dean loved him. Dean Winchester loved him. He had loved him even back then. The realization struck him so hard, that he almost forgot all about his mission. He took a deep breath and with these thoughts in his mind, he was now determined to run even faster for the man that he loved and that apparently - he still didn't dare to believe it - loved him, too.
' by The Ronettes started playing and a closeup of a dancing couple flickered over the television screen. Then, the red letters appeared in a neat cursive font.
Dean held tightly onto his lover, as the angel moaned through his aftershocks. He didn't understand a word of the stuff that Castiel had just babbled, but
He wanted to learn from the past and strive to become a better human for Cas. He knew that it wouldn't be easy, hell, it would be far from that. But he knew that, as long as Cas was by his side and believed in him, he could accomplish anything.
Dean went into the abandoned warehouse with the antidote in order to find Donatello and Sam stayed behind in the car with Nick. Dean found Donatello tied up and gagged, just as he had seen him on the livestream. He untied him and Donatello managed to tell him about Nick's plans just before they were attacked by a hoard of demons.
"Is there anybody here?", he cried out. The blackness around him was stifling, even though he was surrounded by a big fat pile of nothingness. Dean couldn't see anything but emptiness, no matter where he looked. He wasn't even sure if there was such a thing as a floor or a ceiling to this space and the lack of dimension made him feel dizzy.
, there won't be a later", Castiel reminded him and the anger in his voice was slowly shifting to hurt.
Dean mouthed along to the words and looked at Cas adoringly. His heart filled with nothing but love when he felt his boyfriend's hand resting on his own on top of the gearshift. Cas looked back at him with an honest-to-God smile that shone even brighter than the sun ahead of them. He looked at Sam and Jack through the rearview mirror and saw them warmly smiling back at him.
Dean sang along to the lyrics as he looked at the street in front of him. He was aware that this could just as well be a suicide mission for him. Only this time, there was even more on the line. His plan was risky, but he needed to know that he was still able to pull something like this off, to prove to himself that he was the strong man that could take care of others. The man he had always wanted to be.
His hands went to work on the button and fly of Castiel's trousers, before he pushed them down along with his boxers. Cas kicked them off and Dean pushed the angel down onto the bed and crawled between his thighs. He licked a wet trail along the underside of Cas' shaft, before he sucked it all into his mouth and slowly swirled his tongue around the head. Dean glanced up through his long eyelashes, watching as Cas' head tilted back in pleasure, exposing the long column of his throat. The angel's eyes were shut in concentrated bliss, his chest rising and falling rapidly with his ragged breaths. It sent another jolt of electricity down between Dean's legs and he began to circle Castiel's dick with his tongue, before he experimentally licked over the slit.
He walked towards his Dean cave and held the door open for Cas, who followed shortly after him. The two comfortable armchairs in front of the television were standing closely together and Cas sat down on one of them while Dean rummaged around in his DVD collection.
"How about breakfast?", Cas asked his lover thoughtfully. "Breakfast sounds good. I'm starving", Dean answered with an adoring smile on his lips, before Cas stood up from his chair and started to prepare the breakfast. Dean mustered the angel admiringly, as his eyes fell on the small patch of skin where his shirt -
Cas looked at him apologetically and Dean felt his stomach twist as he saw the guilt in the angel's eyes. Dean interrupted him before he got a chance to say anything. "Cas", he said in a soft and shaky voice, "Please..don't look at me like that". "Like what?", Cas asked, his head tilted to one side. Dean sighed heavily. "Like..like you're trying to apologize or somethin'. I mean..yeah, I feel like shit right now but..it's not your fault. I mean, thanks to you..Michael is
And as if he had just found all the answers he had been looking for in the divine aquamarine of Castiel's eyes, it all suddenly started to make sense. All the times that they had screwed up beyond all recognition but had still managed to forgive each other. All the times they had seen each other at their worst and had still not lost their faith that they could somehow make this work. It had all been building up towards this exact moment and now that Dean knew it, he couldn't stop the words that flooded out of his mouth.
for Dean and this was exactly the kind of anchor that he needed right now. Dean lost himself in the moment and let Castiel's presence ground him as his breathing slowly evened and his hands stopped to shake.
"Sorry man", Sam said and patted Castiel on the back as a way of apologizing, "It‘s just so obvious that Dean has this massive crush on you and..well, the guy just handed me a plate".
However, Cas was still concerned about Dean, because this was only a temporary solution to keep Michael silenced for a few hours to give Dean some well deserved rest.
"Deeper", Dean soon demanded, his sweaty hair sticking to his forehead. And with every inch that Cas pushed into him, the pain gradually faded and turned into breathtaking bliss. The hunter gasped at the loss of contact when Castiel slowly pulled out of him, but was rewarded with a delightful moan from the angel, that vibrated right through him when he pushed back in, a bit faster this time.
"Hello", Cas said in his usual deep voice as he saw the boys coming down the stairs. "Hey Cas", Sam greeted him, "Nice to have you back. Hope you had a good time stretching your legs?". His question remained unanswered though, as Castiel looked at Dean with concern in his eyes. "What happened to your face, Dean?", Cas asked as he stood up from his chair and walked towards the hunter. "Just a Djinn", Dean answered as he sat down. "You have to be more careful", Cas insisted and Dean sighed, rolling his eyes.
"Did you just-", Castiel asked with a sleepy voice, but Dean interrupted him. "Watch you sleep?", Dean chuckled genuinely and his whole face lit up with it, "Yeah, I know..it's creepy, right?". The angel breathed a gentle laugh. "How long did I sleep?", he asked, still wondering why he had slept at all, because he was an angel and that meant that he didn't need any sleep. It didn't make sense. Dean turned his wrist in order to take a look at his watch. "Just a solid twelve hours", the hunter answered with shrugging shoulders and Castiel's eyes widened in shock.
"W-what kind of babbled word?", Sam asked. The doctor gestured towards the examination room and prompted them to follow him. Sam went after the doctor, while Dean and Castiel stayed behind. Dean looked after Sam before he turned to face Cas.
"Okay", Dean sighed discontented, "Just be careful, okay?". He wasn't happy about Castiel's plans to talk to Jack right now, when he should rather get some rest, but after what had happened, he could understand that Cas wanted to have a word with the kid. In the meantime, he would do the laundry, because they had all stained their clothes during today's hunt.
Castiel stood next to Dean and looked into his eyes. Dean stared back and it felt like he could really see the angel's eyes for the first time, because it was only now that he realized how beautiful they were. "May I?", Cas asked fondly. Dean just nodded and closed his eyes in agreement. Cas put his fingers on the wound on Dean's cheek. Dean winced with pain at first, but then he could feel the tickling sensation of Castiel's healing powers running through him, as the pain gradually faded. When he was done, Cas caressed Dean's cheek and Dean shivered under his gentle touch. Then, sooner than he would have liked, the warmth of Castiel's hand was gone and his face wasn't hurting anymore.
. The sonuvabitch is finally gone for good and..man, I don't know how I can ever make this up to you", Dean said genuinely, as he squeezed Cas' hand, which he hadn't realized he was still holding. "I guess that means we're even now", Cas said, but Dean could feel a sense of unease in the way that the angel's voice slightly trembled.
After a little bit of research, Dean found some omens not too far away from Lebanon, that sounded way too biblical to be a coincidence. It had to be Lucifer. And apparently, he was already coming for them. He was coming for
Castiel went to Jack‘s room, treading slowly and carefully. He could feel that his angel mojo was low and that he was weakened, but at least he was safe and out of danger for now. The wounds he had gotten during their fight were still hurting, but thanks to Dean's careful treatment, he was already feeling better. He would just need a bit of rest to restore his powers and then everything would be back to normal quickly. But first, he needed to talk to Jack to see if he was alright.
"Oh..no", Castiel uttered and the fury in his voice was back again, "No, please don't compare this with your
"Woah, hey..easy", Sam tried to settle, before he asked his brother, "Dean, why are you so irritable lately?" Sam was concerned. He knew that the argument that his brother had had with Cas last night was probably the reason for the bad blood between them, but as this had nothing to do with him, the best he could do was to get them to talk.
"Relax..", Cas said in his usual deep voice, but with all the thoughts running through Dean’s head, it sounded incredibly sexy.
And the angel didn't need to be told twice. He pulled out of Dean almost all the way just to plunge back in with a sharp snap of his hips until he was buried balls deep inside the hunter. Cas grabbed Dean's hips and pulled the hunter's body up against him with every thrust.
Sam interrupted Dean's thoughts again by turning to the real doctor, "So Dr. Rashad, you were saying there's been no improvement with our uncle?". He frowned and looked at the doctor in concern. "That's right. There's no real brain activity to speak of", the doctor answered, looking down at his feet, "Um, nothing beyond he occasional muscle spasm or, uh, babble of words"
Castiel was hurt. How could Dean question their friendship? Did he not know by now how important he was to him? The angel was boiling with rage. "So, then..", Castiel raised his eyebrows and shook his head slightly, "..this is goodbye?"
But no matter how difficult it would become, he wouldn't make the terrible mistake of treating Cas poorly again. He had done that way too many times in the past, putting the blame on the angel, when it had really been his fault most of the time. Cas deserved so much more and his feelings were just as valid and important as Dean's.
Dean opened his eyes, a glaring beam of blue shining through the mossy greens. He forced Lucifer down until his knees gave in under him. Dean watched as the devil's eyes burned out in a bright beam of light, the life draining out of him with an ear-piercing screeching sound. Nick's lifeless body fell to the ground with a dull thud, Lucifer's black wings splayed out around him.
The air was forced out of Dean's lungs once again when the angel collapsed on top of him, their bodies hot and sticky against each other. Dean took a shallow breath as he ran his hand through the damp hair at the nape of Cas' neck. "Wow", the hunter whispered, still completely starstruck in his post-orgasmic haze, "I know this isn't exactly considered the right time to say something like this, but..
No matter how mad he was at Dean for putting his life on the line like that, deep inside, Cas also felt very grateful and flattered, even if he hated to admit it. He could feel the thunderous pounding of his heart against his ribcage whenever he thought about the determination and devotion that it must have taken Dean to go through with his plan. And even though he couldn't quite put his finger on it, Cas could feel that something had changed between them since Dean had come back from his fight with the archangel Lucifer. He could see it in the hunter's eyes when he looked at him and it was also apparent in his behavior towards him. Cas felt like Dean was finally starting to allow himself to be happy without questioning it and it filled the angel's heart with..wait, was that happiness?
Dean put Nick in handcuffs and tied him to a chair, before he started to interrogate him. Apparently, Nick desperately wanted to talk, but he wouldn't tell Dean what he really wanted to know, which was Donatello's current location. Dean looked around the house to see if he could find any clues to his whereabouts. He found an empty syringe in the trash can, that he held in front of Nick's face triumphantly. "Dumpster diving?", Nick mocked him, "Classic".
Suddenly, Castiel felt a burning sensation that started low in his belly just as Dean clenched his walls around him again and merely a second later, he was released into a free fall. It felt like every single cell of his being was being engulfed by blazing flames as a bolt of electricity struck from his cock throughout his entire body. He pulled his arms even closer around Dean and pushed his body against him with all of his power, before he came in excruciatingly hot spurts into Dean's tight ass.
"You're so stupid", Cas bleated with a cracking voice, looking at Dean through the tears that began to slowly fill his eyes, "You could have died, you idiot!". For a moment, the angel was unable to cope with this situation, not knowing where to start. Dean's body was laced with wounds and the blood loss was massive. Cas took a deep breath to collect himself and turned his attention towards the biggest wound that was still bleeding on Dean's stomach.
However, a note that the gorgon had written for Dean had revealed that he could in fact see Dean, Sam and Rowena coming, but he couldn't see Castiel and Jack. So they had decided that Cas and Jack would be approaching the gorgon Noah on their own, even if it was risky. Rowena had tracked him down using her tracking spell and had also mixed up an antidote to the gorgon's poison, "In case one of you boys gets clumsy", as she had told them.
When the door closed, Dean cupped his face in his palms and lingered in this position for a few minutes. There had been no point in making a scene in front of Cas, but still, it hurt him to know that he might just have pushed the reset button, setting all of their progress back to zero with his impatient hastiness.
Dean read some of the Men of Letter's records about demon and angel posession, but they were all kind of vague. The one thing that they all seemed to have in common though was that strong willpower and determination was needed in order for a vessel to regain control. Some of the Men of Letters even claimed that they had used a strong and happy memory and had concentrated on that with all their might in order to defeat the creature that posessed them.
The question kept repeating in his head, over and over again. Of course he knew what this was. He wasn‘t an idiot. It was a kiss. A careful and hesitant kiss, but a kiss nonetheless. But where did this come from? How had he not seen this coming?
Because maybe he wasn't the powerful and confident hunter that he had always thought he was. That his father had raised him to be. Dean had always tried to be strong for Sam. For his family. But he was only human. Deep down, he had always been vulnerable and insecure and he had tried to hide it behind a strong wall of manliness and self-confidence.
. Dean frowned, but he couldn't hide the sheepish smile that spread on his lips, when he saw the way that Cas innocently tilted his head. "I said - and listen closely this time: I love you too, asshole", Dean answered brazenly, not willing to admit defeat. However, Cas reprimanded him by grabbing two fistfuls of the hunter's flannel shirt as he pulled him closer to kiss him recklessly. Dean could feel Cas' mouth hungry and desperate against his own, as the angel's teeth grazed over his chapped lips. Dean could get used to this kind of punishment.
Sam figured that it would be the best to give his brother some space to think. He stood up and patted his brother on the back before he got on his way to leave, taking the whiskey bottle with him. "Just cut the guy some slack, okay?", he called over his shoulder, before he stepped out into the hallway.
Cas frantically knocked on the door to Sam's room and stormed right in before he even gave Sam the chance to answer. "Cas?", Sam asked alarmed as he was torn from his sleep and looked at Cas in the dim light. "Sam", Cas spluttered, his eyes filled with worry. "What's going on?", Sam inquired as he stood up from his bed and walked towards the angel, mindlessly running a hand through his disheveled hair. "It's..it's Dean", Cas stuttered and his whole body trembled violently. "Cas", Sam said, his voice both worried and demanding as he grabbed a hold of Castiel's arm and realized that it was wet, "Why are you all wet? What's..what's going on with Dean? It's okay, Cas. It's okay. Breathe. Just..just tell me everything".
Dean rubbed his eyes. Although he didn't want to acknowledge it, he knew that his brother was right. All things considered, Dean was the last person who had any right to be angry with Cas for what he had done. But still, he was worried. The Empty was a powerful entity that they had never dealt with in the past and, what was even more worrying, they didn't even know the first thing about it. They didn't know how powerful it was, what it wanted, how to kill it or if it was even
"Okay, Sam", Dean answered as he hugged his brother. He wanted them to find a solution together, however, he demanded that if things didn't go as planned, that Sam and Castiel should accept it and do what they weren't ready to do now.
They met Donatello's doctor on the corridor, who looked at them sympathetically and told them that they were making the right choice, as Donatello was now only kept alive and kept in this persistent vegetative state by machines. "Sometimes letting go
Cas relieved the hunter of his flannel and undershirt, before he lowered himself to place wet, open-mouthed kisses from Dean's neck down to his chest. He let his fingertips wander all over Dean's muscular body, trailing the constellations of uncountable freckles that adorned it.
The longer the film ran, the more Dean's body sank towards the adjacent armchair. By the time 'She's like the wind' started playing, Dean was already snoring quietly, his head peacefully resting on Castiel's lap.
Warnings: Spoilers for 14x14 (canon divergence). Reference to 14x08 (Cas' deal with the Empty). Canon typical violence. Canon typical abusive behavior (in the way that Dean always blames Cas for everything, not quite on the "You're dead to me"-level though).
Dean's gaze wandered from the empty glass in his hand to his nightstand, where the whiskey bottle had just stood.
The angel slid his tongue around the tip of Dean's twitching cock, lavishly licking over the slit and he could feel the greedy moan from the hunter more than he heard it. When Cas looked up at Dean again, the hunter delightfully bit his lower lip, his gaze constantly fixed on the angel, who was determined to coax all kinds of erotic noises from his lover.
Late at night, when the bunker had long fallen silent and it seemed like everyone was sleeping, Dean sneaked out into the garage, intentionally leaving his phone on his nightstand so that Sam wouldn't be able to track him down and follow him if he were to wake up and look for Dean. Like Dean had already expected, Cas had heard him and tried to cut off his way, standing at the exact same spot in the hallway where..
was the real deal and he wouldn't let anyone tell him otherwise. He felt the angels lips moving against his and the tingling sensation that went through his whole body told him that he was right where he needed to be.
Still, there was this slight sense of unease that felt like a small dark pit inside Castiel's belly. He tried to indulge in his bliss and enjoyed every moment with Dean, just like he had vowed to do, but deep inside, Cas was longing for more. This feeling that embraced him in a warm hug managed to simultaneously destroy him from the inside out. It bit and scratched and kicked at him, eating him up before it choked him out again. It made him feel like he was whole and yet it managed to destroy him at the same time. He felt like the very essence of his happiness depended on Dean and suddenly, he knew the name of the feeling.
Somehow, Cas had managed to throw him completely off the rails in just under five minutes. Thinking back, Castiel had always had a strong impact on Dean. Every trifle was at least twice as bad if Cas had been involved. No death had been as painful as Castiel's. And still, even though the angel was so important to him, he couldn't muster the courage to treat him in the way he deserved to be treated and he felt like an asshole.
Now that he had seen the world through Dean's eyes, Cas knew just how much impact the horrible things that had happened to him had on Dean's image of himself. He knew how deeply Dean cared about him, but that he wouldn't give himself the permission to be happy. Although he had already suspected it, it hurt Cas like a knife to his heart to know for certain that Dean still thought of himself as worthless. As not good enough. As despicable and not worthy of love and affection.
"Thank you, Dean", Castiel said softly, looking at the hunter with his deep blue eyes, before he reached out to grab his shirt, that was stained with his own blood. Dean took the shirt out of his hands. "I'll put that in the laundry", he suggested, "You can have one of my shirts in the meantime. Come with me".
"What did you do?", Dean asked him, his voice boiling with anger. "Nothing", the man replied sassily, "I mean, I sort of injected your friend with poison. Thallium to be exact. So he's got about a day before his internal organs start shutting down. But that's just sort of a
Dean sighed inaudibly as he saw the honest and uncontrived smile on Cas' lips. He could feel an unfamiliar tingle low in his belly that he hadn't felt in a while.
"Just coincidental, you all being here at the same time", the doctor continued and Dean and Sam looked at each other in confusion, before the doctor entered Donatello's room and continued, "Dr. Novak, meet, uh-". He was interrupted by a dark and raspy voice that Dean recognized even before he could see Castiel's face, "Yes, I know. I know these gentlemen."
. "I have gone over there to find him this morning, but it looked like they had gone out of business a while ago", Jim told them, "Then I called Jodi and she told me to wait for you to come over".
It was a stupid kiss, nothing more. After all, Castiel was an angel of the friggin' lord and even though he had already learned a lot about humans and their behavior, he sometimes still mixed things up. Maybe this was just some kind of overreaction, because he had been so angry with Dean.
All of a sudden, the walls around Cas and Michael were closing in until they were both standing with their backs against the wall, bodies tense, angel blades in their hands. "I love you", he heard his own voice echoing inside Dean's head, "I love all of you".
"You don't have to worry, babe", Daniel answered as he leaned back to look into his husband's eyes, "I'm here and I'm fine". Jim pulled Daniel closer by his neck and kissed him lovingly. Dean watched them curiously. Even though it had always been weird for him to see two guys kissing, he felt a strange sense of familarity. Somehow, it actually felt good to see these two so happy. To see a that a gay man didn't have to be a nancy boy. Hell, this guy had almost taken down a Djinn on his own and, what impressed Dean even more, he still had the balls to come back home to his lover without being ashamed of anything.
He looked at himself in the mirror. The dark circles under his eyes made him look even more worn out than usual and the wrinkles on his forehead accentuated his grumpy morning mood perfectly. He ran his right hand over his tired face and let his index finger linger on his lips. It was as if he could still feel Castiel's kiss there.
But now that he was at the crossroads again, Dean began to question everything. Maybe there was no such thing as free will. Maybe setting Castiel's life on the line was the universe's shitty way of showing him that it was his destiny to be Michael's vessel and to kill Lucifer. And maybe..just maybe, it had been Castiel's duty to rescue Dean from hell because they were meant to be together. Now that everything seemed to come full circle, there was not a trace of doubt left in Dean's mind that this was the way to save Cas. His ultimate destiny.
One time, when they were on a hunt, Dean had pulled the most theatrical move to kill a demon right in front of Cas, that the angel could have easily struck down on his own. Sam had to keep himself from laughing out loud, because the way that Dean had thrown himself in front of the angel like a character from a kid's cartoon was just too absurd to be true.
Of course, Dean found a way to use Castiel's words to his advantage. Sacrificing himself in order to defeat Michael wasn't exactly his idea of a good time, but he was willing to do it, because it was necessary. He blinked with an understanding smile on his face. "I know the feeling".
Sam looked down and snorted, feeling caught out. Of course Dean knew that he had come to his room to talk. After what had happened, it was obvious and besides, they had spent most of their lives together, so they knew each other's habits and behavior patterns.
"Yeah, of course", Dean answered, "Meet me at the Impala in 10, you can bring me up to speed on the way"
The words kept resonating inside Dean's head. His heart was pounding incredibly fast in his chest and his breaths came out in quick, uncontrollable sobs. Dean couldn't stop the hot tears from running down his face any longer. "C-Cas-", he sighed again, but his voice broke away, because
Still, from now on Cas had to be more sensible around Dean. He couldn‘t afford to drive him even further away than he already had. It would be hard enough for both of them to ignore what happened and they surely couldn‘t deny it, no matter how hard they tried to. But Cas wanted to give Dean some space to make him see that he could still be a friend for him, even if it meant that he got his own heart broken.
Jack saw a boiling black fluid that suddenly assembled in the middle of the abandoned building, where Nick had hidden. The fluid slowly started to warp into the form of a human body, before it manifested itself as a dark angel with two enormous wings. "I can see him", Jack cried, his face contorted in agony, "Lucifer has risen from the Empty".
Dean stretched out his arm and pulled the drawer of his nightstand open, rummaging around it until his hands closed around the item that he was looking for. He set the small bottle down on the mattress next to him and Castiel grabbed it to spread a generous amount of the viscous liquid on his cock, stroking it once, twice, as he felt the hunter's hungry gaze on him.
", Cas groaned in a husky voice that sounded downright sinful, as he grabbed a fistful of Dean's hair, urging him to continue. And so the hunter did. He sucked the angel's rigid cock into his mouth in the way he knew he liked it himself, hollowing his cheeks to get as much as he could inside, and gripped the base of Cas' dick to work it in time with his bobbing head. Dean was surprised by the angel's eagerness, as he pulled Dean's head closer and bucked his hips up, practically fucking himself into Dean's mouth needily. Dean choked a bit when Cas' movements became a bit too erratic, but he was so incredibly turned on by the angel's greediness that he couldn't find it in his heart to care.
Nevertheless, Dean was nervous. Although he wasn‘t even planning any grand gestures or big confessions just yet, admitting to his best friend - and more importantly to himself - that he was into him, was still one hell of a big deal.
The way Cas would walk through the wide green meadows, the rays of sunshine accentuating the multitudes of brown and mahogany hues in his hair, as he turned around to look at Dean, the tiny folds crinkling around the angel's mouth and eyes as he smiled at him. The way Dean would pull the angel closer by his waist, looking deeply into the dizzying blue of his eyes, that were so full of love and admiration, before their mouths would melt together softly.
Dean looked up at the angel, his expression somewhere between confusion and playful irritation. "I thought you didn't even like the taste of food anymore?", he asked, his tone both challenging and genuinely interested. "That is true for most foods", Cas explained in a flirty voice and
"Oh God-", Dean closed his eyes and whimpered when Castiel gripped his dick through his boxers and slowly began to pump it in his warm and soft hand.
Even though Sam didn't know what was wrong, he could feel that Dean was easily irritable right now. He went to the kitchen to prepare the dinner as Castiel set the table. Dean was sitting at the table with crossed arms and kept frowning at the wall with an empty expression on his face. He shivered every time the angel walked along behind him as he set down the plates and cutlery.
Dean was sitting in the war room, his cold fingers pressed against his temples in order to concentrate on the book in front of him. His face distorted in pain as he scanned over the instructions on how to use the Ma'lak Box. Sam and Cas would hate him if they found out about it, but he just couldn't take it anymore.
Michael was still fighting hard to take back control, trying to push back to the front of Dean's mind. Dean tried to ignore the pain in his body as he pressed his hands against the flesh wound and closed his eyes to focus on the battle that was going on inside his head. He could see Michael punching and kicking and lashing out at him, running towards him with big strides as he came closer and closer. Dean tried to run and concentrated, with all his might, on his memory of Castiel - on their victories and happy moments, on the way he smiled at Dean and the way that every touch made Dean feel like he was at home. He remembered the softness of their kiss and he imagined what it would feel like to deepen it, to explore every corner of Castiel's mouth with his own and in that moment he knew, that he had to see him again.
Dean shifted in his seat, moving his legs closer to his right side, where Castiel was sitting next to him. He brushed his leg against the angel's, who looked at him with a tilted head and a questioning gaze.
Castiel hadn't been initiated into Dean's plans to save him, but he could feel that something was up with the hunter. Dean spent an extraordinary amount of time reading, which wasn't usual for him. Whenever they weren't busy with a case, Dean would be cooped up in the library, silently reading through an unending plethora of books until he would eventually fall asleep with his head on the last volume that he had been reading.
Dean cleared his throat before he continued, "What I'm trying to say is..you're able to protect yourself. I mean, hell, you're a lot stronger than me and Sam combined, so you could probably protect the three of us all on your own". Dean looked back up at the angel in awe, the volume of his words increasing as his certainty grew, "But this isn‘t even what matters the most..what matters the most is that you
Dean was annoyed. Why couldn‘t they all just understand what was at stake here? This was the best shot they had at beating Michael and the whole world was on the line. Millions of lives of innocent people. In the bigger picture, his little miserable life didn‘t matter and especially Cas, an angel with a life expectance, that was so much higher than his, should be able to understand that.
Sam snorted and looked at Cas, raising his eyebrows, "Yeah, I bet". Thankfully, Cas tried to help, but Dean wasn't sure if there was any kind of cure for this pretty messed up situation. "I might have found a way to banish Michael from Dean's head, which would include me possessing Dean", Castiel started to explain, "It won't be easy, but as we‘re already talking in innuendos..I‘d say you‘re hardly a virgin..in any respect, Dean".
He pushed these thoughts aside and followed the general direction that the metallic clangor came from. When he found the dangerously wagging door, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
..it really is". Sam tried to look into his brother‘s eyes, but Dean didn‘t look back. He was fighting the nervous rush of heat, as a rosy blush started to creep up his neck, quickly spreading all the way up to his cheeks.
A few hours later, Dean came into the kitchen, wearing a red and black plaid shirt. "Mornin' sunshine", he greeted Sammy. "Hey", his brother replied, without looking up from his laptop. "What you looking at? Porn? Sex tapes? Nip slips?", Dean asked jokingly. Sam chuckled, "The internet is more than just naked people. You do know that, right?". Dean smiled, "Not my internet".
Once they had locked Nick up in their dungeon, Dean filled his brother in on what had happened while he was gone. "But he was..he was just sitting there waiting for you? That doesn't make any sense. What kind of game is he playing here?", Sam asked furiously after he had heard what had happened. "I don't know. If you ask me, that psycho's seen way too many 90's serial-killer movies", Dean answered, clueless about Nick's plans himself. Sam held his hands in front of his body in lack of understanding as he noticed, "Nick doesn't even know Donatello".
When the first memory came into focus, he could see Dean standing on the side of the lake, that Cas had walked into after he had assimilated the Leviathans. Dean was fishing the beige trenchcoat out of the lake, folding it gently as his eyes filled with tears. Cas could feel Dean's pain at the loss as if it was his own and it took him every bit of self-restraint to continue on his way.
"Woah woah woah, hey", Dean exclaimed and held out his hands to support the angel, "Easy there, Cas, you've only just come back".
He had kissed loads of different women in his life and, even though he would never admit it in front of anyone, even the occasional guy that he had experimented with in his teenage years. Most of the time, he didn't even have real feelings for them, so it was an unimportant thing, that was nice for the moment, but didn't mean anything in the bigger picture.
Instead, he just enjoyed the soft caress as he watched Johnny's and Baby's final dance, pushing his father's nagging voice inside his head aside, that told him that this was wrong. The truth was that right now, he couldn't care less.
Lucifer was standing just opposite him, mere inches separating the two of them, as he observed the hunter smugly like a cat that was about to play with its prey.
"I am not your brother", Dean growled in a voice that was so deep that it didn't even sound like his own anymore, as he tightened his violent grip on Lucifer's skull. Lucifer groaned beneath him and Dean's whole body shook in exertion as he tried to maintain the steady flow of power through his hand, focusing on Cas.
, Dean thought and pulled the iPod connection cable out of the Impala‘s dashboard in anger. He knew that he had to deal with his feelings sooner or later, but he wasn't ready to face the music just yet.
A few days later, Dean woke up in the middle of the night, because his headaches had become unbearable. Michael was relentlessly hammering against the door inside his head so he hadn't gotten a full night's sleep in days. Whatever he had promised Sam and Cas, he couldn't do this any longer. He felt like Michael was just inches away from breaking out and he wouldn't let this happen.
talk right now. "Trust me, Jack, you don't wanna know", he said. "Yes, I do", Jack tried to argue. Sam contemplated for a moment, but decided that he didn't want to scar the kid for life. Besides, he would possibly figure it out on his own sooner rather than later. "No, you really don't", Sam said with more determination. This wasn't his job and the two lovebirds would do well to tell Jack themselves.
Dean tried to concentrate, but it was getting harder and harder, because the lyrics just hit way too close to home. This stupid, catchy lovesong managed to put into words what he wasn't able to express himself. What had happened yesterday had only managed to turn his world upside down, because he hadn't been aware of his feelings until now.
Cas saw himself through Dean's eyes. The image was blurry and he felt the numbing pain in Dean's face, as the angel's fists relentlessly smashed into him. He could even taste the blood on his tongue and like a punch in the gut, he remembered the moment, when Naomi had brainwashed him and had ordered him to kill Dean. Dean reached out his hand as he spoke the words with a cracking voice "Cas, it's me. We're family. We need you..I need you". Cas shuddered. He heard the clinking sound of his angel blade hitting the ground. "I love you", Dean's voice sobbed weakly, but Castiel had already touched the angel tablet and had vanished with it.
"The next time I try to pull a move like that, remind me to use a door that's made out of a soundproof material", Dean complained. Using a solid metal door to trap Michael inside of his head might have seemed like a smart decision at the time and in terms of safety, it was definitely an improvement towards the unstable wooden door from before, but the dull clanking sound of metal as Michael banged against the door was getting increasingly unbearable.
Dean wasn't able to think straight, but he didn't need to, because Cas was here and he was oh so close to him and it was all that mattered right now. He let his instincts take over as he pulled Cas closer and kissed him feverishly, taking everything that the angel had to offer, because Dean had already been holding this back for way too long. He couldn't get enough of Cas and a sudden familiar twitch in his pants brought to his attention that he wanted to feel even more of the angel.
A warm and honest smile spread across Castiel's face and he squeezed the hunter's hand like an unspoken promise. A few silent minutes passed where none of them spoke another word. When Dean didn't say anything else, it was Cas who eventually broke the silence, his voice sounding a bit confused as he stated the obvious, "You know that you actually have to say 'yes', right?". A nervous chuckle escaped Dean's throat, before he swallowed thickly. "Yes", he rasped, "Take me, Castiel". He felt like it almost sounded a bit too ambiguous, but if the angel picked up on it, he didn't say so.
Their drive back from the hunt in Minnesota was mostly quiet. After a day like this, they could all use some rest. The case was supposed to be a milk run, taking out a vampire's nest was nothing if not their daily routine. But somehow, it didn't go as smoothly as usual. However, at the end of the day, they had done the job, even if they had sustained a few wounds. Some of them might have been prevented if their communication had been better and Dean was aware that it was mostly his fault.
It was just when he heard someone approaching on the corridor, that Dean realized what had just happened and suddenly took a leap backwards. He was so shocked by this unexpected moment of intimacy between them, that he just turned around and rushed back down the hallway, accidentally bumping into Sam as he went around the corner.
He contemplated and even though he knew that it would be nothing short of an absolute dick move, he decided to do it anyway. It was Dean's own fault that he had to make the porn joke instead of just leaving it at that. "But while we're talking about porn. Maybe you could just..try to turn it down a notch the next time, huh? The bunker's walls are pretty thin, so yeah..that would be nice. Please and thank you", Sam added with a wink, before he left the kitchen for good.
"You don't understand, Dean-", Castiel tried to explain. "Yeah?", Dean asked mockingly, "What exactly is it that I don't understand?". He was furious. Cas walked towards Dean, but Dean still just looked at him in disbelief. "Dean, I did it to save Jack", Castiel clarified, "And I know that you would have done the same, if you had been given the chance".
, he thought, but he couldn't care less right now. Not when Cas was buried so deep inside him that it pushed every bit of rational thinking right out of the window. He met Castiel's thrusts midway by pounding his hips upwards. Dean experimentally clenched his muscles around his lover's cock and the sound that came out of Castiel's mouth sounded far too sinful to even have come from an angel. "Fuck", Cas groaned, as he pounded even faster into Dean's ass.
A few days later, Jack, Castiel, Sam and Dean were working on a case again. After a long time of unsuccessful research, they had consulted Rowena, because they had reached a dead end. Sam and Rowena had combined their efforts to identify the monster, which turned out to be a gorgon. The witch had told them that they had to be extremely careful, because the gorgon's venom could paralyse humans. Apparently, this gorgon in particular could also see people's fates, so it had always seen them coming, which had rendered their previous efforts to catch it completely useless.
For some time now, he had had this feeling deep in his heart that had told him that something had changed between the two of them. He couldn't pinpoint the exact moment that it had happened, but suddenly it was there, this unsettling feeling that made his hands shake and his stomach squirm. He didn't know what it was supposed to mean either. The only thing he knew was that this feeling, that he had tried long and hard to bury in the depths of his heart, had suddenly resurfaced in the moment that Cas had kissed him.
Dean couldn't believe it. First, there was the shock of Jack burning up a huge part of his soul to save the angel and now he found out that Cas had traded his soul to save the kid? How could he do this? Cas should have known by now that it wasn't wise to make a deal, much less so if you didn't know who exactly you were up against. Sure, Dean could understand that Cas wanted to save the boy, because he was like a son to him, but there must have been another way. And even if there hadn't been, he could at least have told them about it. Instead, he had decided to lie to them. He had decided to lie to Dean..again..and it hurt like hell, because he thought that they had moved past this already.
, he thought to himself. He knew it when Michael had posessed Dean again. He knew it when they had captured Michael behind that door in Dean's head. He knew it when Dean had decided to lock himself in the Ma'Lak Box in order to keep Michael locked up for eternity.
The angel poured the remaining coffee that was left in the machine into a fresh cup and handed it to Dean. Dean took the cup and smiled at him, sipping the hot coffee as he turned on the hot water and put a few drops of dishwashing detergent into the sink. "Strong enough to kill a horse", Dean commented, gesturing towards his cup. "Just as you like it", Cas remarked, which earned him a low chuckle from Dean.
Some people might have called it a second chance to build the life for himself that he had always dreamed of, but he didn't know what his future had in store and it scared the living hell out of him. And then there was Cas, who had been a constant pillar in his life for quite some time now, but the fact that his feelings for Dean were not only of a brotherly nature didn't make it any easier for him. In fact, this was the hardest part for him, because he wasn't sure about his own feelings and he was afraid of what he might find.
"You're an idiot, you know that?", Sam snarled, but his brother just kept smiling at him like a fool. "That's exactly what I've told him", Cas affirmed, before he turned towards Dean again, "I can try to use my powers to heal you, but I don't know if it's gonna work. You've made quite a mess of yourself"
Still, the whole talking thing didn‘t come easy to Dean. He knew from experience how important it was to talk about problems, because in the past, the lack of communication between him and his brother had always come back to bite them in the ass eventually. He couldn't help it though, talking openly just wasn't in his nature. But even though he wasn‘t ready to have the big talk about feelings just now, he at least wanted to try and show Cas how much he meant to him.
Dean took off his boots and clothes and slipped back into his pajamas. It was 2 am and one could easily overthink things at this time of the night. As he lied down on his bed to get some more sleep, he realized just how tired he was. Maybe it was for the best if he tried to approach this matter with a clear head in the morning.
Castiel was left standing there and sighed as he realized that Dean was still angry with him. However, he tried to not let it show and casually took his place in the backseat.
So the least he could do was to give them some space when they needed it. He would leave the room whenever he felt like the atmosphere was getting too charged. He acted as if he didn‘t notice all the stolen glances, the
Apparently, Dean felt the same urge, because he licked his lips before he twined his arm around Castiel's neck to pull him closer. Cas resisted, even though it took him all of his self-restraint. "I still have work to do", he explained quickly, as he reluctantly pulled back. He knew that it was a lame excuse, but he couldn't allow himself to be too happy just now, no matter how painful it was for both of them.
, he thought jokingly, but deep inside, he was well aware that he was about to do something very dangerous.
Cas revelled in the moist and warm confines of Dean's skilled mouth. He let his hand wander down to Dean's shoulder blade to the remains of the mark that he had left on him all these years ago. He gripped him tightly and Dean moaned around his dick, the vibrations turning Castiel's knees into jelly.
is what I call comfort food, Sammy", Dean teased his brother, "You would do bloody well to draw some inspiration from that the next time you wanna fob me off with some friggin' green smoochie". Sam chuckled amused, "You know that it's called a
"Better?", Cas asked concerned. "Yeah, thank you man", Dean answered halfheartedly. "However, I‘m gonna hit the sack and try to get some sleep".
"You think I don‘t know that Sam will be sad when I‘m gone?", Dean interrupted him, "Hell, he might even be devastated, but he will get over it. We‘ve dealt with so much crap that was thrown our way in this life, I‘m sure Sam can handle one more damn thing"
Dean's gaze was heavy on Castiel, almost tangible, as the hunter pulled him closer. The angel exhaled a small breath, his lips parting as he reached around and pushed a hand up from the nape of Dean's neck through his hair. He tilted his head to lean in closer and looked into Dean's eyes, waiting for him to make the next move.
Dean prepared everything that he needed for this peculiar sort of hunt and packed a little bit of extra, just in case. You could never be too prepared when you wanted to kill the devil after all.
Cas had to find a way to help Jack first. And most of all, he had to help Dean with Michael, before he could give in to these sensations. He couldn't just surrender his soul to the Empty right now, even if he was all too tempted to. Not when so much was at stake. Not when it meant that others had to suffer from it.
When Cas had fallen in love with Dean, it was because his soul had burned so beautiful and bright, but now that he saw the hunter's handsome body in its entirety, it felt like he was falling in love with him all over again.
Cas cautiously entered the room and sat on the empty spot on Dean's bed, right next to where the hunter was lying. "Good morning", Cas uttered in a soft voice and Dean wielded his blanket in order to sit upright next to the angel. "Hey Cas", Dean muttered before he stretched himself out, his arms still slightly shaking with his discomposure. "I just wanted to tell you that I'm sorry about yesterday, Dean", Cas began, as he looked into the hunter's eyes, "I didn't want to push you into a corner and with all that has happened, I can understand if you don't want to do this".
If he hadn't been an angel, Castiel would have blushed as well as he felt the tingle of butterflies that were flapping their wings around in his belly. It was true that he had gotten a lot of attention from Dean lately. That things had gotten better between them. But a crush? Cas hadn't been interpreting all that much into the things that had happened in the last few weeks, but if even Sam thought that Dean was into him, maybe it wasn't all that absurd after all. As Dean's brother, Sam would know.
He wanted to encourage him to keep fighting, because he was sure that they would find a way to deal with Michael.
Warnings: Spoilers for 14x12. Canon typical suicidal thoughts (as in the planning of a suicide mission). Dubcon kissing.
. Dean sighed, as the healing powers of Castiel's touch took some of the throbbing pain inside his head away.
When Castiel entered the room, the boy was sitting on his bed, watching the snake that he had taken home with him. Sam had gone back to his own room in the meantime to call Donatello about Jack, so they were alone. "Castiel, how are you feeling?", Jack asked with concern, when the angel went around Jack's bed to stand in front of him. "Better", Castiel answered shortly. It wasn't completely true, because even though he felt physically better, the fact that Jack had sacrificed a huge piece of his soul in order to save him made him feel uneasy.
"Mmmmhh", he moaned with his mouth full, "I'm still dreaming, right?". Cas poked Dean through his shirt to remind him that he wasn't, making sure not to hit a spot where Dean was wounded. "Ow", Dean bleated, as his eyes flew open, but the disgruntled expression on his face immediately softened when he looked at the angel. "That wasn't necessary", the hunter grumbled with weak resistance in a much softer tone, before he took another bite with relish.
Jack and Cas had surprised the gorgon in his next victim's home. Castiel had managed to heal the victim using the antidote, while Jack had stalled the gorgon. However, when the gorgon had tried to escape, they had gotten into a fight with him, during which Noah had been able to kiss Castiel's cheek to inject him with his poison. The angel had fallen down to the floor, paralyzed by the creature's venom. Jack had tried to fight the gorgon on his own, but he hadn't been successful. Just then, Dean and Sam had come to help. It hadn't been an easy fight and it had almost looked like they were losing and the gorgon would be able to flee. But just as he was about to escape, Jack had managed to ambush him and had used his chance to cut off Noah's head with a knife.
"Because I do", Cas almost whispered now, before he laid his fingers on Dean's temple and rested his forehead against Dean‘s. Dean closed his eyes and leaned in to the touch as he took in Castiel’s heady scent. He smelled like a gentle breeze on a hot summer day, that reminded him of Lawrence, of
But Sam knew for a fact that his brother was in love with Cas, even though they had never talked about it. Sam had known Dean for long enough to know that the little touches, the staring and all these sickly sweet little gestures were his brother's way of showing his affection, because he wasn't good at talking about his feelings. But how the hell was Cas supposed to know that, if Dean couldn't bring up the courage to confess his feelings for him?
Sam turned around to look after Dean as he stormed off, surprised by his brother‘s indifferent behavior. "What happened? I just heard you two arguing", he asked and looked at the angel in confusion.
Dean laced his fingers through the short hair at the nape of Cas' neck and pulled him closer to peck his lips. Their lips brushed against each other's softly, as Cas gently nibbled on his lips.
"Maybe there is", Cas said as he took the whiskey glass from Dean, his own hand lingering on Dean‘s a bit longer than was absolutely necessary. It sent a shiver down Dean‘s spine and he looked at Cas‘ hand in confusion, his gaze following the whiskey glass that was taken from him with a hint of anger in his eyes, but he let Cas get away with it, because..
The realization struck him hard. In his heart, he knew that it didn't matter at all what Cas had or hadn't seen, because Dean's feelings for him remained the same. Dean knew that he had been holding them back for far too long already and that Cas deserved to know. Dean sighed deeply, before he put his other hand on Cas' as well. He slowly and gently began to caress it with his thumb, trailing tiny mindless circles on the soft skin, as he tried to figure out what to say next. He wasn't a man of big words and the fact that he had already dropped another bomb in the completely wrong moment wasn't exactly making this any easier.
Maybe this was exactly the reason why Dean couldn't stop thinking about it. He began to restlessly walk back and forth in his room like a lion trapped in a cage.
It was true though, Dean had rarely seen the angel this angry. Apparently, Dean had struck a nerve and he made a mental note to not upset him like that again. Castiel's powers had been weakened, but Dean was positive that Castiel could still turn him into a pile of ashes with a snap of his fingers. Not that he would though, after all, the thing that had made him this furious in the first place was the fact that Dean had wanted to sacrifice himself for the greater good. But still, Dean couldn't begin to grasp why this had happened and why the hell he was still thinking about it.
"I know that you're angry with me, but I couldn't just let you die", Jack sighed. Cas looked at the boy's eyes and he could see himself in them. He could see the regret, the sadness and the certainty that he would do it all again without second thought in order to protect the ones he loved. Cas laid his hand on Jack's shoulder and smiled in understanding.
Dean had a lump in his throat. He wanted to silence Cas right there and then, to kiss him until he couldn't say another one of these words that made his stomach twist with guilt. He wanted to fall down on his knees to make a theatralic and chick-flick worthy love confession, to tell him that he wanted to be with him more than anything, but he couldn't. The words were stuck in his throat and it was as if something deep inside of him was holding him back. So he just stood there in his stupor and listened to the angel's words.
When the tension that started to build near the base of his spine almost became too much, he grabbed Cas by his jaw, pulling the angel up until he felt his delicious weight on top of him. Dean kissed the brunette feverishly and when he could just barely feel the angel's erection brushing against his, he realized that Cas was still wearing way too many layers of fabric.
He could have punched himself for still not having the balls to talk to Cas. They had gone through a lot in the years that they had known each other. Not only the usual things like pain and loss and arguments, but the goddamn apocalypse. Purgatory. Dean had literally gone to hell and back and yet, the hardest thing for him to manage seemed to be his own feelings that he had over a stupid and meaningless kiss.
Dean just stood there, completely frozen, as Castiel‘s words echoed inside his head. He knew that they were family and cared about each other, however, hearing these words from Cas still elicited some strange and unknown feelings in him.
Cas pressed the rim of the whiskey glass to his lips and emptied it in a single large gulp, before he set it back down on the table beside him. Then he unerringly took a book from the large selection on the shelf and single-mindedly flipped through the pages until he found what he was looking for. He put the open book down on the table and sat down next to Dean.
Even if he had to admit that it ended up being a good thing that Sam and Cas had talked him out of using the Ma'lak box, he knew that this time would be different. He could feel that he was on the right path. The path that God had chosen for him. And even if it sounded somewhat ridiculous, because he hadn't been a big believer in the past and well..considering the fact that he actually knew the guy, he was convinced that it was the right thing to do.
Sam chuckled nervously. "To be honest, we might not have been performing at our full potential today-", he tried to make excuses in order to soothe spirits, but it didn't work. "Of course it would have been a lot easier if certain people had communicated their plans with the rest of the team", Castiel interrupted him.
When Cas leaned back in to the touch, pressing his leg closer against Dean's, it took the hunter by surprise. So much so, that he accidentally knocked over his entire cup of coffee, spilling its content all over the wooden table. "Son of a bitch!", Dean cursed and his brother just looked at him with raised eyebrows. He didn't say anything though, as he helped his brother to clean up the mess that he had made.
"Not really", Jim answered honestly, "But I found this on his bedside table". He retrieved a slip of paper out of his jacket pocket and handed it to Sam. It was a red and white business card from a tire business called
And this was exactly why it all hurt so much. Why Dean couldn't stand the thought of Cas sacrificing himself yet again. Castiel had always given everything, without ever getting anything in return. Especially Dean had never given him anything. No thanks, no recognition..no
He pointed his finger at Dean. "You taught me that", Castiel reminded him with teary eyes, before he turned around to leave, nudging Dean's arm on his way to Donatello's room.
Dean was sitting on his bed with stretched legs, holding a whiskey glass in his right hand and a walkman in his left. Sam could hear the loud rock music blasting through the headphones. When Dean saw him, he pushed the pause button on his walkman and took off his headphones. "Hi Sammy", he murmured, his voice sounding way more composed than Sam would have imagined after what had happened.
Unfortunately, his sleep was rudely interrupted by his alarm shortly after and he felt like he hadn't slept at all. After hitting the snooze button for the fifth time, Dean sighed and went to the bathroom.
He could see the angel's likeness clearly in front of him now, as the illusion of Rocky's bar slowly faded into a distant blur in the background. He tried to remember every little detail that defined Castiel - every muscle, every scar, every wrinkle and every freckle. He let the low baritone of the angel's voice saturate his being, as it called out his name in a familiar and warm caress.
Dean's cheeks took an even darker shade of red. As if Sam's teasing wasn't already bad enough, now even Cas had to make fun of him?
And before he could do anything about it, Dean's conscience was pushed back into the last corner of his mind in an all-consuming rush, all the way back to his illusion in Rocky's bar with Pamela Barnes.
They established a slow and steady rhythm, their names on each others lips filling the air between kisses. Cas brought his knee between Dean's legs and wrapped his arms closely around the hunter's body to flip them over again so he was now lying on top of Dean. "Ahh..Cas", Dean moaned throatily, as Castiel began to rut against him more eagerly until Dean was breathless with the heady rush of it.
The angel allowed himself to gently card his fingers through Dean's hair. The hunter's chest was rising and falling with his even breaths and Cas sighed contentedly as he continued to watch the movie. He felt a strange sense of familiarity that was not only due to the fact that he had seen the movie already.
"I have to talk to Jack first", the angel intervened as he continued his way alone, still a little bit shaky on his legs. "Wait, Cas.", Dean called out as he walked after him and reached out his hands to support the angel, "You should lie down. These wounds aren‘t a walk in the park and you're still a little groggy". Dean looked at him with concern in his eyes. "I will", Cas promised him, "I just have to talk to Jack first".
feel, Dean?", Cas asked, as he tried to imagine the impact that his fight with Michael inside Dean's head must have had on him. Cas inhaled deeply. He wasn't sure if he was ready to hear what Dean had to say, because the drained look in the hunter's eyes that was emphasized by the hollow shadows underneath them already spoke volumes.
"Sounds..good", Jack uttered hesitantly, "I'm sorry to ask but..why is it that you guys look so beaten up?"
Cas hissed through his teeth as Dean disinfected a wound on his chest with alcohol. Luckily, he didn't have to sew the wound up, because this would have meant even more pain for the angel and Dean wasn't sure if he could have handled seeing the pain in Castiel's eyes when he was the one causing it, even if it was just in order to help him. Dean had already hurt the angel enough, so he was grateful that he didn't have to cause him any further pain, physically or emotionally.
Still, Dean could be stubborn and short-tempered when he was angry or when his feelings were hurt and there was no excuse for that. But this was who Dean was and Cas loved him regardless. Because, even though he had his flaws, in Castiel's eyes, Dean was perfect just the way he was and he hoped that Dean would be able to understand that one day.
Then, he raised his angel blade and stabbed Michael right in the heart. Michael fell to the ground with his black wings spread around him and Castiel sank onto the floor as well, as his knees buckled underneath him.
Still, there seemed to be something about this situation that Dean hadn't quite grasped yet and Sam had a hunch what it was. So he took a heart and decided that this might be the right time to confront his brother about the one thing that they never openly talked about.
Cas tilted Dean's chin up with his hand to force him to look directly into his eyes, his lips still so close to Dean's that he could feel the hunter's hot breath ghosting against his skin. A cocky smile pulled up the corners of Castiel's mouth as he cheekily asked, "I didn't hear what you were saying earlier..could you repeat that for me, please?".
Warnings: All the smut. Kinda fluffy and romantic, but very explicit. Top!Cas. Handjobs, blowjobs, anal sex, dirty talk, Cas' dom brow, teasing, swearing, Cas speaking Enochian, cuddling, love confessions and everything that you could possibly wish for, because I care for you guys like that. <3
, he recognized proudly. He had killed the devil and had even managed to lock Michael up in the back of his mind once again, this time with a heavy-duty door, that wasn't so easily penetrable. But what mattered most of all, was that
"You don't have to be concerned, I'm okay", Jack quickly confirmed. Cas looked at him, still worried about the impact that his rescue had on Jack's soul. "Are you sure?", Cas asked, "You just brought an angel back to life and your soul-".
Cas could feel Dean shudder around his fingers and watched him unravel in front of his eyes. By the time he added a third finger, he knew that the hunter was ready, as the profanities that spilled out of his mouth were becoming more and more frequent and animalistic. "
After what felt like hours of wandering around, Dean stood still. "Suck it", he mumbled under his breath, before he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and let himself fall backwards. He could feel that he was falling and falling and perpetually continued to fall even further.
"We should keep an eye on Dean", Castiel said without really answering Sam's question and picked up Dean's backpack. He then left the backpack in front of Dean's room and went to his own.
one of your friends, right? And you don't have a lot of those", Nick explained and the amused expression on his face made Dean want to punch him until he wouldn't even be able to lift the corners of his mouth any longer. "I'm not buying a word of this", Dean scoffed, his voice getting more annoyed with any second that passed. "No?", Nick asked as he gestured towards the phone that was still lying on the table, "Hit the livestream button". Dean rolled his eyes, but eventually pushed the livestream button on the phone as instructed. Donatello appeared on the screen, gagged and handcuffed in what looked like an abandoned warehouse, but Nick wouldn't tell him where he was. "What do you want?", Dean shouted impatiently, horribly aware of the seconds ticking by as the time that Donatello had left to live decreased steadily. "I want to talk", Nick answered and Dean rolled his eyes. He hated the way that Nick wasted his time, but he didn't have another choice than to oblige to his wishes.
"Cas..ahhh..babe", Dean groaned, "I wanna..ah..wanna feel you inside me". He never would have thought that these words would
Of course, they would also sit next to each other whenever it was possible. Sam half-suspected that they were holding hands under the table, but he wasn't a hundred percent sure about that yet. The way that they kept giggling at each other like two teenagers in love supported him in his assumptions though.
's for years now, but he knew that he couldn't hide his true feelings from the angel any longer. Castiel had been inside Dean's head and the hunter could still feel a faint trace of Cas' pulsing grace glimmering inside him. He didn't know exactly how much Cas had seen inside his head, but he was certain that he would be able to see right through Dean's bullshit. And even if he wasn't, Dean genuinely didn't want to lie to Cas anymore.
Jodi's friend didn't live too far away from the bunker, it was just under an hour's drive. They arrived at the fancy looking victorian house, which sported the neatest front garden that they had ever seen. It was surrounded by an ornated fence and red roses were planted in two rows across the path that lead to the front door. They rang the bell and a dark haired man, that was just a bit shorter than Dean, opened the door. He was wearing a suit and the worry in his deep blue eyes instantly reminded Dean of Castiel.
"You wanted to talk to me", spoke a voice that was so deep that it made his bones tremble. Dean looked around himself and precariously gestured his hands in front of his body. "Uh..um..yeah, I guess", Dean stuttered in confusion, "I'm..I'm Dean Winchester". Dean continued to look around as he frowned, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from and when there was no immediate answer he added a shy "Hi".
He wouldn't know, because Dean kept ignoring him for the entire day, even when they were on the hunt. It had been stupid and at times even dangerous, because it would have made their mission a lot easier if they would have presented a united   front and helped each other out. But apparently, right now everything was better for Dean than to work with Cas and it broke his heart.
As much as he wanted to stay in this moment and comfort Dean, he pulled himself together, swallowed his guilt and continued to run after Michael, his fingers closed tightly around the angel blade in his right hand. Right now, the only thing that mattered was to save Dean.
The next thing that Dean was aware of was a shrill shrieking sound and the blinding white light that surrounded him as Castiel posessed him. The sound faded and everything went dark. A comforting warmth spread through his body as it fell limply to the side, his back hitting the mattress next to the angel's abandoned vessel.
"Hey sweetheart", Dean whispered against Cas' lips affectionately, as he looked deep into his eyes. "Good morning, my love", Cas countered softly, before he captured Dean's lips with his own again.
"Cas..", Dean sighed and tears swelled in his eyes, as the angel's words hit him unexpectedly. He didn't know where all of this was coming from, but he could see in the angel's eyes that he wasn't even remotely finished yet and he didn't know if he was ready for whatever was still about to come.
"I don't know..maybe", Dean uttered worriedly. Sam looked at his brother compassionately. "Did he tell you about the T&C's of his deal?", Sam asked cautiously. Dean chuckled at the comparison, but his expression quickly became darkened again. "No, not really", he answered clueless, "I guess I was too busy blaming him for everything to really give him a chance to explain". Dean felt his stomach churn as his guilt got the better of him again.
Sam returned with the dressing material and he and Cas continued to patch Dean up together. It wasn't a walk in the park for Dean as there were a lot of wounds that needed tending to. After Cas had partly healed the biggest one on Dean's stomach, Dean was out of any immediate danger, but the stitches still hurt like a motherfucker to say the least and he hissed through his teeth in pain on more than one occasion.
The way to the empty warehouse where he suspected Lucifer to be wasn't a long one. He made sure to park the Impala under the trees behind the building, so that it couldn't be seen from the street, in case someone came looking for him despite the precautions he had taken. He equipped himself with everything that he needed and tried to brace himself for what was about to happen.
Cas smiled at the hunter as he took another slice, the spicy sauce tingling in his throat. He couldn't really taste the pizza as a combination of different flavors like a human could. For him, eating food was rather like digesting a sum of millions of different tiny molecules and it was confusing and irritating at the same time.
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop thinking about it and now that his headaches were gone, there wasn't anything to distract him from getting worked up about it. What made it even worse was the fact, that he didn't even know why this had such a big impact on him.
Dean rolled his eyes and blushed immensely. Of course his oh so funny brother had to appear out of the friggin' blue right in this very moment. Sometimes Dean felt like it was Sam's sole purpose on this earth to embarass him. He wanted to clarify the context of what he had just said in an attempt to defuse the situation. "Not like that, Sam. More in an..angelic, possessive kind of way", he said, but just as the words had left his mouth, he realized that, if anything, he had made it much worse.
and found it closed and abandoned, just like Jim had told them. With a good mix of various weapons in their backpack, they walked towards the building. Using a picklock, Sam forced the door open, which gave a rusty squeal.
His knock on the door was much softer than usual. "Yes?", he heard the angel's low voice answer from inside. Dean opened the door, but kept standing on the threshold, shifting from one foot to the other. He kept his gaze down as he spoke, his tone tinged with remorse, "I understand if you don't want to see me right now..I just-". The angel looked at him and smiled. "It's okay, come in", he interrupted him with a soft and forgiving voice, "I'm actually glad to see you".
"Good morning Dean", Castiel answered, smiling at him and the sound of the angel's voice saying his name in this loving way made Dean feel dizzy. "Breakfast will be ready in just a few minutes, so you can go and get Sam and Jack if you want to", Cas added and Dean did just that after he had stumbled out of the kitchen awkwardly. If he was being perfectly honest, Dean was relieved to have an excuse to leave the kitchen and take a little breather. He suddenly felt like one of these hormone-driven teenagers again.
It felt as if Dean was tied to a nuclear warhead on the unerring way to its final destination and there wasn't a lot that he could do to stop it. His illusion tried to grab a hold of him again, to tear his thoughts away from what was happening around him, but he desperately tried to stay strong. Then he remembered, although the memory only came back to him in fragments.
Dean grunted inaudibly. Did his brother just c-block him? Whatever, now the moment was gone and maybe it was for the best. He didn't want to imagine the consequences that would have followed if his brother hadn't interrupted them. Dean stepped back over to the sink and continued his chore, handing Cas the cleaned cutlery, which he then dried off with a kitchen towel, before putting everything back where it belonged.
Dean parted their kiss in order to take Castiel's free hand in his, as he put the angel's digits into his mouth. He sucked on the angel's fingers eagerly and it sent another spark down to Castiel's groin. By the time Dean released the angel's fingers from his mouth, they were wet and slippery with his saliva. Castiel took up on the cue and let his fingers slide between Dean's ass cheeks. He slowly teased the wet pad of his index finger around Dean's hole, gently prodding it, before he finally dipped it into the hunter's hole.
. The word still felt somewhat strange and unfamiliar to Dean and he was sure that he would need some time to let that settle in, but the way that Cas said it made his heart beat a little bit faster in his chest.
Once he was fully sheathed, Castiel established a slow and steady rhythm. When he leaned down to kiss Dean, the angle changed ever so slightly and Dean's whole body trembled as Cas grazed his prostate. "Ahhh..fuck. Cas", he groaned huskily, "Do..
When Dean began to speak, his voice sounded low and hoarse, and it was unmistakably filled with desire, "So..with our history and this profound bond thing..I guess we should do this the right way, huh?". Castiel tilted his head and looked at him in confusion and his sex hair made him look even more devastatingly handsome than he already was. "I don‘t understand..what do you mean?", he asked in confusion. Between all the sexual tension that had been piling up between them in the past few years and the passionate and greedy makeout session that they just had, it was hard to understand for Dean how the angel could still be so oblivious and how the fuck he even managed to look so friggin' innocent and adorable when he had just given Dean one hell of a boner.
Up until this moment, he had focused on his determination to save Cas, not caring if he would ever make it back alive, but now, the only thing that was important to him, was to return to him. To see that smile on Castiel's face again and to get the chance to maybe, just maybe take a shot to get a glimpse at the hapiness that he had denied himself for far too long.
"Listen Jack, I do appreciate what you did for me back there, but you really shouldn't have", Castiel said compassionately, "You have burned up almost all of your soul to save me and it wasn't worth the effort". He knew that Jack had only done what he thought to be right, so he didn't want to blame him. But he still wanted to let him know that it wasn't right, so that he could learn from it. Cas knew that he himself had made some regrettable choices in the past, so he knew what Jack felt like and he didn't want to make him feel even worse.
Castiel's chest tightened and suddenly, there was a lump in his throat. He felt numb and for a moment, he couldn't even speak, so he just slowly shook his head with a tense expression on his face, trying to stop Jack from spreaking any further, but the boy didn't take the cue. When he saw the expression on Dean's face change, he knew that it was too late and that he had messed things up yet again.
He could have lost himself in the mossy greens of Dean's eyes that had seen so much. In the wonderful constellations of freckles on Dean's face that told stories of pain and loss, of tears and heartbreak, of family and friends, of confidence and strength.
Then, he felt an excruciating and all-consuming pain deep in his stomach. There was a flickering image of Lucifer in front of him, as he punched and kicked Dean until he was barely alive. He watched as a realistic image of himself manifested itself in Dean's mind and he observed the way that Dean had used it to kill Lucifer and to lock Michael away.
Dean rolled his eyes at him. "Of course..", he imitated Castiel's words mockingly, "..it would have been a lot easier if some of us didn't have their head in the clouds all the friggin' time". He's had enough of these stupid accusations. Dean had been hunting for most of his life, so he wouldn't have any of the upset angel's bullshit. It wasn't his fault that they were trapped in this stupid situation right now.
, it is my duty to prevent you from getting fat. So if that means that I have to eat some of your food and make you adhere to a tight
"That's not good enough", Dean spat at him and sighed. He couldn't look at the angel right now, so he turned around and shook his head in disbelief as he trudged along the hallway and loudly slammed the door to his room behind himself.
He pushed Dean's boxers all the way down to his ankles and the hunter proceeded to kick them off. Castiel looked at Dean, who was writhing and panting under his admiring touches as he took a moment to drink it all in. The way Dean's muscles tensed and relaxed with every movement. The delectable curve of his hipbones. The thick cock that lay hot and full across his belly, just above the arrow of fair, coarse hair past his bellybutton.
Speaking about food..after Dean's fight with Lucifer, Cas had gone through the whole tiring process of preparing homemade burgers
Cas was so thankful that Dean was back home and - all things considered - safe for the moment. The extent of Dean's wounds was still distressing him, but as he watched the hunter's chest rise and fall with his even breaths, he knew that he was going to be alright. Still, the hunter had just scarcely escaped death again and Cas made a silent vow to himself to enjoy the time that he had left with him, as he painfully realized once again that Dean was only human.
As it turned out later, letting Jack talk to Nick on his own hadn't been a particularly good idea, because Nick had managed to get a sample of Jack's blood by butting his own head against Jack's, causing a bit of the nephilim's blood to spill on his shirt. Unknowing that Nick needed Jack's blood to go through with his dark plans, Sam and Dean took Nick to the warehouse where Donatello was supposed to be hidden.
When he woke up the next morning, it all seemed as clear as day. His mind was set and Dean wasn't even afraid of what he was about to do, because his determination was stronger than ever and he knew that he had nothing left to lose. There wasn't a single trace of doubt left in his body and the clarity made Dean feel more at ease with himself than he had been in a long time.
They went to the Impala and Daniel looked at it in awe and whistled. "Nice wheels", he remarked as he stroked over the shiny surface of the Impala's hood, "67 Impala, right?". Dean nodded with a proud smile. "Shotgun!", Daniel called out and Sam just looked from one man to the other and shook his head with a chuckle, before he took his place in the backseat. Dean smiled as he started the engine and pushed a mixtape into the player.
Whatever this feeling, that sent his head spinning and made his legs feel weak, was called, it was now a constant companion in Castiel's life and it seemed like it was there to stay. He felt it whenever Dean looked at him just a little too long, whenever their hands accidentally brushed and whenever he heard the small noises that Dean made when he was sleeping soundly. The feeling spread through his entire body and before he knew it, he was addicted to it. The emptiness that he felt in his heart when he wasn't with Dean was unbearable and whenever they were separated Cas felt like he was fading. Luckily, it didn't happen a lot, because Dean was still recovering, so he didn't leave the bunker all that often and when he did, Castiel was with him most of the time.
He was shocked to hear the news, but he didn't blame Cas. Sam could understand why Cas had done this and even though he was worried about him, he was sure that they would find a way to deal with this. When he saw the guilty look on the angel's face, he patted his shoulder, before he said, "Let me talk to Dean".
Then there were other voices, one after the other, flowing through Dean's head like a neverending stream of consciousness. "I know you're hoping Castiel will return to you. I admire your loyalty, I only wish he felt the same way". Cas felt Dean's sorrow and it caused him physical pain. He recognized the voice.
Had he really just slept for twelve hours straight? And had Dean been watching him the entire time? How? Why? The questions kept popping up in his head and he couldn't make any sense of it all. What had happened? He was confused.
Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head in disbelief, before he continued "All right, check this out. I just got an email from Jodi. A close friend of hers, that doesn't live too far from here, went missing under mysterious circumstances and she asked us if we could look into it"
"Good morning", Sam replied throatily, as soon as he had recovered from his coughing fit. Cas threw him a disoriented look before he let his hand run over Dean's shoulder affectionately and sat down next to him. The gesture wasn't anything new, because this was something that they would occasionally do even before things had gotten more serious between them, but with the new context, the level of tension between them felt bone-crushing and Sam once again wished for the ability to just vanish into thin air.
Sam looked over at his brother with a stupid smile on his face. "What?", Dean asked, looking at him in bewilderment. "Nothing", Sam chuckled, "It's just..they reminded me of someone". "Huh", Dean mumbled before he continued to the Impala in brisk steps and rolled his eyes.
So far, his research hadn't been very successful however, because there wasn't a lot of lore or records concerning the Empty, so he soon went to expand his research to other subject areas as well, trading the thermos jug for a cold bottle of beer, when his chances of finding a solution seemed to decrease.
Mere moments later, he was unceremoniously pushed backwards onto the bed until his head hit the mattress behind him with a dull thud and the air was forced out of his lungs by the angel's heavy palms on his chest. Dean looked up into Castiel's eyes only to see a visceral want there that he had never seen before and he couldn't believe how much being manhandled by Cas actually turned him on. The angel kissed a trail of wet kisses down Dean's belly, where his shirt had ridden up a bit, while he slowly unbuckled Dean's belt. He made quick work of the button and fly of Dean's jeans and pulled them down in a swift motion, never taking his eyes off the hunter. Cas pressed the inside curve of his lips over the cotton-clad bulge and opened his mouth in a damp exhalation. He let his hot breath ghost over Dean's clothed cock and the hunter's hips jerked up with a needy groan.
Still, it didn't feel right to push Dean into a corner like that, after all that he had been through, even though it was the one thing that Cas really desperately wanted to do right now. He wanted to tell Dean that he didn't have to feel guilty. That everything was going to be okay. That he was there for him. That he would make it all better. That he loved him. But for now, he would have to keep it all to himself and thrive off his knowledge that Dean loved him, even if it meant that he could never be with him in the way that he wanted to.
The days went by and Dean slowly but surely recovered from the exertion of his fight against Lucifer. Between a few solid nights of sleep and Cas' healing powers, Dean almost felt like himself again, if it hadn't been for his energy-sapping headaches. Michael's willpower had apparently increased since he had been on the loose again and he was regularly banging against the solid metal door inside Dean's head with full force. Cas could silence the archangel inside Dean's head with his mojo for a while, but it was only a temporary solution.
Dean and Cas weren't deterred however and just kept eating their respective pizza slices quietly. Dean nodded at Cas and raised his eyebrows with a question in his eyes. "It's really good", Cas said when he finished his slice. "Told you so", Dean said proudly, still chewing, as he gestured towards his pizza with his free hand, "Help yourself", Dean offered. He backpedaled a bit however when his brother looked at him in disbelief, "But don't you think that you can always have half of my pizza". Even though his voice was serious, it was obvious that it was a halfhearted threat and Dean knew it. He couldn't even have been angry at Cas if he had eaten his entire pizza on his own.
Castiel was, however, not fooled by this heartwarming gesture. He could sense that something was up with Dean and he had started to pick up on it this morning when Dean had ditched his books for his laptop, which he hadn't even looked at since he had started his uncharacteristic book reading marathon. This could only mean that Dean had found a solution for whatever it was that he had been researching and the knowledge unsettled Cas, because he knew that he could only wait for the other shoe to drop.
Dean couldn't keep himself from staring at Castiel's slightly toned chest as he dressed his wound with gauze bandages. Although he didn't work out, Cas' body was in a good shape and Dean might have lost track of what he was doing there for a second. He was brought back to his senses by another sharp hiss that escaped Castiel's mouth, because apparently, he had applied a bit too much pressure to the sore skin. "I'm sorry", Dean hushed him, "I'm almost done".
Cas' smile grew even wider as he listened to Jack's kind words. He really cared for the boy and he had promised his mother to keep him safe, so he felt validated when he heard that he was seeing him as a father figure. He patted Jack on the shoulder and looked at him forgivingly, "I'm not angry with you, Jack. I'm just concerned". He could see Dean's outlines behind Jack, but he didn't look up.
and we have to help him. You know..he's already beating himself about it enough, so there's no point in making this harder for him than it already is".
His brother's voice tore him from his painful thoughts, "Dean?". The hunter shook his head, slowly arriving back in his reality. "Huh?", he answered with a tremor in his voice.
"Are you okay, Cas?", Dean interrupted the angel's thoughts. His voice was clearly saturated with sorrow and uncertainty. "Yes, I'm..I 'm just a bit..confused", Castiel answered, as he propped himself up to sit up next to Dean on the edge of the bed.
The hunter turned around to rest his head on Cas' chest. "My love is strong, with you there is no wrong", Dean sang in a soft voice, as he closed his eyes and breathed in the angel's scent, molding himself around Cas as close as he could, "Together we shall go until we die".
He was determined to find a way to save Cas and he would make this bitch pay, even if it was the last thing that he did. This time, he wouldn't be too late. This time he would do whatever it would take to save Cas.
, he heard his father's voice screaming inside his head with the last bit of its power, before he opened his mouth to capture the angel's lips with his own.
"Maybe it's better to leave him alone, Cas..Dean using the internet most definitely means that he's watching porn", Sam said with a low chuckle. "Oh, shut up, Sammy", Dean muttered annoyed. Cas didn't say anything, but both him and Sam left Dean alone after that, which was good, because this was something he had to do on his own. He couldn't use any distractions or people that wanted to talk him out of this. Not this time.
And then there was still the fact that Cas didn't have all too much experience with human behavior. Of course he knew Dean better than most people by now, but he also had the problem that he didn't think of himself as worthy, even though he had proven it on more than one occasion. His self-doubt didn't have quite the same self-destructive qualities as Dean's, as far as Sam could tell at least, but they still didn't make it any easier. Cas was apparently still completely oblivious of Dean's feelings for him and even though he had already pointed out their more
Thinking about the angel made him carry on, even though he was already holding on for dear life, his knees feeling like they would give in any second now. His whole body was trembling and he felt like he was about to explode. Just when he thought that he couldn't keep Michael's powers up any longer, he reminded himself of his ultimate goal and imagined what it would look like for Cas to be happy.
Dean knew that there was no point in discussing this right now, here on the corridor of this nursing home. "Okay, all right. Why don't we talk about that later?"
Dean's face grimaced with pain, as he realized that his attempt at Lucifer had not only been futile, but also completely naive. He had to do better than that and he knew that an angel blade was worth as much as a water gun in a fight against the friggin' devil. He pushed himself up to his feet only to see Lucifer approaching him again, his smile smug and superior, as he scoffed "Are you tired already, brother? Because I'm only just getting started". Dean clenched his teeth and focused on the vivid image of Castiel in his mind and it sent a fresh kick of adrenaline pumping through his veins.
"They're really good, Cas", Sam complimented him and Jack agreed. "Good?", Dean asked in disbelief with his mouth full, "Youre kidding, right? This is the best burger I've
His newfound obsession didn't go entirely unnoticed. Dean could feel that Sam and Cas were growing increasingly suspicious as to why he spent so much time with his nose buried deep inside what had to seem like random books to them. That's what he hoped at least..God forbid if one of them were to find out about his actual plans. Dean couldn't afford to be distracted and he surely wouldn't be kept from going through with his plans, so he tried to remain as inconspicuous as possible, even if it was hard to explain why he had quit binge-watching his favorite TV shows in order to focus his attention on books. But at least he could pretend like he was trying to find a way to restore Jack's soul.
After he had managed to catch his breath, Cas carefully pulled out of Dean and lay down next to him, his head resting in the crook between Dean's neck and his shoulder. Dean loosely wrapped his arm around the angel, as Castiel's fingers ghosted over the hunter's chest, tracing random patterns on his skin, lost in his thoughts. Castiel still couldn't believe his luck, as he lay there, sweaty and sated, in his lover's arms.
"LUCIFER!", the voice thundered. Dean ducked his head and used his hands to shield his face from the black boiling liquid that leashed out at him and he could feel the aggravating rush of heat that radiated from it on his skin. "Bring him to me", the voice demanded fiercely. "O-okay", Dean said meekly, before he gathered up his strength and spoke up again, louder and more confident this time, "So that's it, huh? I kill the devil and you'll release Cas from his deal? Sounds like a bit of an uneven deal, don't you think?". "You have heard my conditions", the voice growled devilishly and before Dean got a chance to protest further, another wave of the black liquid dragged Dean down with it and everything faded to black again.
He thought about which one of them would eventually crack under the pressure and come forward with their feelings first. It was hard to make any assumptions because in the end, they were both just two oblivious idiots in love with each other and it was almost tragic to watch them dancing around each other day after day. He had already tried to give them both a nudge in the right direction, but so far, it hadn't worked.
Thankfully, Dean and Cas were just entering the garage right in that moment, both of their hair still damp. Dean sat down in the driver's seat and Cas looked through the Impala's windows in confusion before he got in on the passenger's side. "Finally", Sam complained over-dramatically, but Dean just shrugged his shoulders and rolled his eyes at him through the rearview mirror. Then, he started the engine and pushed a mixtape into the tape deck. Bon Jovi's
The only thing that he would occasionally hear at night was the music that was coming from Castiel's room, which was due to the fact that the bunker's walls were quite thin. Thankfully, the volume wasn't turned up high at all, so it didn't bother him too much. After all, Cas was an angel, who didn't need sleep and it was understandable that the guy got bored at night when everyone else was asleep.
As he slowly came down from his high, Dean grabbed two handfuls of Castiel's angelic ass to pull him closer with each thrust.
Dean had always been so sure about himself. At least he always acted like he was. His father John had raised him to be a strong and manly soldier and as the responsibility of looking after his little brother Sam had lain on his shoulders for the most part, he had grown up to be a strong and independent man. But that was only a facade that slowly but surely came crushing down right in front of his eyes and there was nothing he could do to stop it. It was hard for him to accept that everything he thought he had known about himself was suddenly questioned. It was like his whole life was turned upside down and he had to pick up the pieces and put them back together again without so much as an instruction manual.
When Dean almost dropped a plate, Castiel definitely knew that something was wrong. He had caught the plate though and now he was holding both the plate and Dean's wrist in his hand. He tilted his head and looked at the hunter puzzled, squinting his eyes. Dean stepped closer and looked at him.
"Hey hey hey", Dean held out his hands and stopped him. Sam gave in and hugged his brother tightly. "Why wouldn't you believe in us, too?", he asked his brother with tears in his eyes.
In the next couple of days, whenever they weren't busy with an actual case, Dean was only to be found in the library, always surrounded by endless piles of books and accompanied by a thermos jug filled with hot coffee.
Dean's thoughts were interrupted when Sam uttered "Doctor" in an overly friendly voice with a fake smile plastered across his face.
Cas leaned in to their kiss and the way that he could feel Dean smile against his lips made his legs feel weak. He captured Dean's lips with his own, playfully biting the hunter's lower lip. When the hunter gasped, Cas slipped his tongue into Dean's mouth as he began to explore it leisurely. The hunter gave as good as he got, easing the tip of his tongue over Cas' lips, before shoving it into the angel's mouth as he slipped it over his tongue and teeth. Castiel let his hands roam over Dean's back as he pulled him into a tight embrace. He couldn't get enough of Dean and he was sure that he wouldn't take his hands off him anytime soon.
Dean woke up to the first beats of 'Time of my Life'. He didn't even know when he had fallen asleep, but when he woke up, he found his body spread out across both armchairs, his head resting in Cas' lap. Dean felt the angel's fingers running through his hair and even though his back began to hurt a bit where it was awkwardly lying on the harder armrest, he didn't want to move or let on that he was awake.
The fact that they kept staring at each other much longer than necessary was nothing new, but since Dean had killed Lucifer and saved Cas, it had become a whole new level of unbearable eyesex. It was almost as if they were undressing each other with their eyes alone and Sam wished for the ability to teleport into another room or onto another planet altogether on more than one occasion.
Late at night, when everyone in the bunker was asleep, Cas sneaked into Dean‘s bedroom. Dean was soundly sleeping, his naked chest rising and falling with his even breaths. Dean hadn‘t slept so calmly in weeks. Cas had heard the screams coming out of his room at night, even when he wasn‘t sitting on the chair next to Dean's bed watching him sleep. Even though Dean had pushed Cas away and had refused any of his attempts to help him, Cas still wanted to make sure that Dean was okay, because he was worried about him. Seeing him sleep so tightly was good, because he really needed some time to recover.
Out of the hundreds of songs that Sam had on his iPod, why did it have to be this one? Although he had always tried to deny it, he was a sucker for cheesy classic rock love songs and Sam knew it. He probably chose this song to cheer Dean up, because usually, he would sing along as loud and as much out-of-tune as he could just to annoy Sam. But in his current situation, he felt like he had been punched in the gut.
For the past few weeks he had been able to push them into a silent corner at the back of his mind. He had been too busy keeping Michael at bay anyway. But now that the ever thumping Michael had been temporarily silenced by Cas’ spell, he had all the more time to think about it and it drove him nuts.
"Dean", Cas started again and Dean braced himself for the next hurricane of feelings, not sure if he could handle any more of these loving words that made his legs feel weak, "I'm an angel. I have been around for centuries and I have faced many enemies. You know just as well as I do that what we have is special and this might be our best shot. And no matter how little you think of yourself, I will always protect you..even if you don't want us to be together..like that".
Then he saw himself dying and the effect that it had on Dean. He saw Dean being devastated, suicidal even. He saw him crying and begging that Cas would return to him. And this was what awakened the last bit of power that was left in him to run even faster, because he couldn't let Dean down again. Even though the muscles in the backs of his calves stung, he pushed himself to run, faster and faster, until he felt like his body could outrun his legs.
Cas knew that it wasn't true and he felt the strong urge to just grab Dean by his shoulders to shake some sense into him, to make him understand that he deserved everything good in this world. That he deserved to be loved and that Cas would give him everything, if he would only just ask for it.
Castiel didn't understand why Dean was acting so differently today. He was thankful for the fact that Dean wasn't ignoring or blaming him any longer, but he still felt like something about him was off. Dean seemed to be unconcentrated and not quite like himself. If the angel didn't know any better, he would have said that Dean was nervous, but he couldn't think of any reason why he would be.
"I think I'm gonna lie down for a bit longer", Dean said feebly and raised his cup up towards Cas, before he added, "Thanks for the coffee". Cas put his hand on the hunter's shoulder and looked at him. Dean looked back into the angel's eyes, powerless and fragile and it reminded Cas once again that, no matter how strong Dean was, he was only human. Cas couldn't stand to look at Dean's pallid skin and the deep shadows underneath his reddened eyes any longer, so he put his arms around the hunter and pulled him into a careful hug. He felt Dean's weight sag against his body languidly, as the hunter allowed himself to rest his head on the angel's shoulder.
It wasn't what he had meant to say and it sure as hell wasn't what Cas deserved to hear right now. From the way that the angel leaned back and tilted his head to get a better look at Dean, he knew that Cas hadn't expected that question and how the hell would he, because this was just the last fucking thing that was relevant right in this moment. Dean felt like an idiot as he began to question who of them was the one with rusty people skills after all, but there was nothing he could do, but listen to the angel's answer. "To be honest with you, Dean..I did. It just..it seemed a strange thing to ask, considering our uh..history and all of these unspoken words that stood between us". Dean looked down and breathed an almost laugh, his lips barely parting, as he realized just how right Cas was, "Touché".
"More than I intended to", was what Cas finally settled for. He felt guilty. It had been none of his business and it was true that he hadn't intended to snoop around in Dean's head like that. But Michael had tossed all of these memories at him to throw him off the rails, which had even kind of worked for a short amount of time. But no matter how pure Castiel's intentions had been, the result remained the same and now that he had seen it all, he couldn't get these memories out of his head.
The hunter let out a strangled groan when he felt Cas' exploring hands wandering over his lower back, his nails skimming over and digging into his flesh. Dean carded his fingers through Cas' hair, slightly tugging on it and hissing against the angel's lips whenever Cas' nails got a little too eager on his back. Their kiss was intense and passionate, teeth scraping over lips, tongues delightfully moving against each other in a wet and hot slide as the room was filled with their desperate moans.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he had the sinking feeling in his stomach that the last night had only been a dream. He lay in his bed, naked and alone, but when he heard the distant sound of the running shower and felt the duvet clinging to his body where it was still sticky with cum, he knew that it hadn't just been a dream. Dean sighed in relief. He felt his stomach churn violently, because he hadn't eaten in what must have been more than a day now.
Several minutes later, when the credits had already ended and the disk had long been ejected automatically, there was a knock on Dean's door. "Huh?", Dean mumbled, running his hands down his face before he straightened himself up. "It's me", Sam called from the other side of the door, "Can I come in?".
There was a long moment of silence where none of them said a word. The only thing Dean could hear were his ragged breathing and the pounding of his heart that was hammering impossibly loud and fast in his chest. His hands were covered in cold sweat and there was a tornado of butterflies whizzing around in his stomach, tickling his insides. Dean realized that there was no way that he could bullshit himself out of this one. There was no easy way out and he sure as hell couldn't stop here.
When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was back inside his own vessel, in the body of Jimmy Novak, who had been long gone by now. He felt weak, but in his mind, he knew that he had succeeded. He was lying on Dean's bed, the hunter sitting next to him, watching him with worried eyes.
Dean sighed as another wave of guilt rushed over him. For a moment, he wasn't sure what to say, so he just took the angel's hand in his. "C-Cas, look..I'm sorry", he stammered eventually, "..for everything".
He softly dragged his bottom lip along Castiel's before he pulled back a bit, his breath rushing warmly over Castiel's mouth. Dean looked at Cas admiringly, his lips prickling from their passionate kiss, his brain drunk on his love for the angel. He took it all in - the way Castiel's skin was glistening with sweat, the way his cheeks were tinted in a rosy hue from the heat. The angel's dark hair looked even messier than usual, with strands of hair sticking up in random directions where Dean had ran his fingers through it and his lips were reddened and swollen from kissing.
He had a late breakfast together with Cas, Sam and Jack, before he opened his laptop, that he hadn't touched in a long time, trying to figure out where Lucifer was. "No books today?", Cas asked in confusion, as he sat down next to Dean. "Nah, not in the mood", Dean answered, as he kept scrolling through the news.
"Seriously, Cas?", Dean was shouting at him now, "Preaching down on me about how it's wrong to give up your life in order to save the world and you walk around just randomly selling your friggin'
When the silence became unbearable, Dean lifted his head to look into Castiel's eyes and, in lieu of better ideas, asked the most stupid and irrelevant question in the history of questions, because he was at a fucking loss and he was avoiding the topic like the damned coward that he was, "But you gotta tell me, Cas..why didn‘t you think of this earlier?".
In the small cone of light that fell through the door into the dark hall, they saw a weakened creature that was crawling across the floor, whimpering. As they came closer, they could see the creature's blue eyes that faintly glowed in the dark. "It's a Djinn", Sam observed astonished. "Looks like someone beat the crap out of it", Dean added admiringly. In this moment, the djinn gripped Dean's calf and pulled him down onto the floor. Dean tried to kick the Djinn away with his feet and groaned in pain as the creature crawled up beside him to lash out at his face. He wrestled with the Djinn to distract it and threw Sam a quick look. Dean tried to buy his brother some time to prepare everything they needed to kill it.
All this time he hadn’t realized how important the angel had become to him. Yes, he was like family to him, no matter how annoying he could be at times. But there had always been something that had felt different about him. His feelings for Cas weren‘t quite the same feelings that he had for his brother Sam, his mother or even some of his close hunter friends that he had grown quite fond of. Cas had been special to him from the very beginning, but he couldn‘t quite put his finger on it and with all that was going on in his life, his doubts weren‘t always all that present in his mind. But now that he was alone in his silent room, he could hear them more clearly than ever.
There was a long moment of silence before Sam tilted his head to look his brother in the eyes. "You know that he loves you, right?", he asked cautiously and frowned with an honest smile on his lips.
As he was sitting at the table next to Dean, Cas could feel Dean's leg brushing up against his. He wasn't used to this kind of physical contact from Dean, but if he was being honest, he didn't mind it in the slightest. He loved to feel the hunter's warmth against his body, even if it was just the subtlest of touches. Castiel looked at Dean in order to evaluate if this had happened by accident or if it had been a deliberate gesture. When the corners of the hunter's mouth curled upwards ever so slightly, he considered it safe to bring his leg closer to Dean's.
"Are you sure, Dean?", Cas asked in his angelic voice. Dean hadn't done this before and he hadn't even realized just how much he needed it until now. He wanted to feel Cas everywhere, filling him up, as close as humanly possible. "Yes", Dean rasped breathily, trying to put even more innuendo into his words this time, "Take me, Castiel". And for once, the angel picked up on the reference to the words that Dean had already said earlier. He smiled warmly and bit his lips, "Just tell me if I hurt you, okay?". Dean stretched out his hand to caress Castiel's chest as he whispered "I trust you, sweetheart", before he leaned up to kiss him again.
Sam had been sitting in his room, working on his laptop for about an hour, when he finally found them a new case. Looking at the clock, he decided that it would probably be as good a time as any to interrupt the two lovebirds, although he didn't exactly know if he was ready yet, as he didn't know what he was about to walk into. So he braced himself for everything before he carefully opened the door to the kitchen.
"Woah, too much information, guys", Sam, who had just entered, interrupted them with an uncomfortable smile on his face, mentally kicking himself that he had managed to stumble right into the middle of an awkward situation between them yet again.
Cas couldn't hold back the noises that started to escape his mouth any longer, his animalistic moans alternating with Dean's name and an occasional swear word. He was overwhelmed with all these new sensations, that being buried deep inside Dean Winchester brought with it. He had thought about this for a long time, but even his wildest imaginations didn't even begin to compare to the real deal. He pulled at Dean's bottom lip, biting it teasingly until the hunter made this low, animalistic sound in the back of his throat that sent another bolt of pleasure straight to his groin.
The image faded into a blur again until everything was dark, except for the flickering of a television screen. Cas was sitting in the Dean cave, the hunter's head resting in his lap as Cas ran his fingers through his hair. He could see how Dean turned around to face Cas, his arm twining around the angel's neck as he pulled him closer and kissed him. It was just a quick peck, but Cas could feel the hidden meaning beneath it.
Dean swallowed hard as it struck him. Of course. Now it all made sense. Cas hadn't rejected him because he didn't want to be with him. But he couldn't allow himself to be too happy, because it meant that he would die and go back to the Empty. "What a cruel bitch", Dean bleated. His brother sighed and nodded.
After lots of speculating, Cas eventually came to the conclusion that Dean must have been looking for a way to fight Michael again, unknowing how utterly wrong he was in his assumptions. He tried to keep the hunter company in the library whenever he could, even if it was just an excuse to keep an eye on him. Cas even managed to do some research of his own while he was at it, looking for a way to save Dean, before he would get any other stupid ideas that included sacrificing himself for the greater good.
Dean scooted a bit closer and took one of Castiel's restless hands in his. "It's okay, Cas", he said with an honest warmth in his voice, "It's just..man, are you really sure that you wanna go through with this? I mean..my opinion aside..it's gonna be dangerous for you too and I would understand if you don't wanna risk your life for an ungrateful, grumpy ass human who throws hissy fits and lashes out at his friends over every little thing that annoys him". Even with the seriousness of the situation, Dean had to bite back an ironic chuckle at his spot on self-assessment.
In the past few weeks, Dean's headaches had become stronger again, up to the point where even Castiel's healing powers couldn't efficiently keep them down any longer.
"I'm fine, really", Jack interrupted him, before he continued to explain, "Besides, you have sacrificed your soul to the Empty for me and I couldn't just let you die before you even had a shot at being happy".
Daniel furrowed his brow and looked at Sam, "Dude, Led Zeppelin rocks". Dean smiled mischievously at Sam through the rearview mirror. "I like this guy", Dean said and he and Daniel bobbed their heads to the music and sang along to it, both completely off-key
me, Cas. This thing isn‘t just about me, it’s about the fate of the whole friggin' world and I can't take these headaches anymore. It feels like Michael could be bursting through that door at any time"
All the lingering touches and longing gazes between them. All the times that Dean had so desperately wanted to kiss him, but had resisted the urge because he didn't feel worthy of the warm affection that he was secretly craving so much. All the things that Dean thought he wasn't allowed to have. All the risks that he had been willing to take with Michael and Lucifer just to save Cas from his deal with the Empty. But most of all, the unspoken
Dean felt Castiel's strong arms around his body that held him through his orgasm like an anchor as his whole world was turned upside down. His body was shaking violently as his brain was sent into overdrive. Cas' hot lips were all over his mouth and Dean panted to catch his breath between kisses, as he rode out his aftershocks, rutting his hips up against Castiel's. He was overwhelmed and struggling to catch his breath while the angel continued to stroke him through his aftershocks and relentlessly pounded into him. Dean could feel his lover's cock swelling even further inside him as Cas came closer to his own release.
Castiel listened intently while Dean was speaking, but it appeared like this wasn't exactly what he needed to hear right now. Dean watched as the angel looked down at his feet with slouched shoulders, trying to hide his all too visible disappointment from Dean as he answered, "Thank you. That is..nice of you to say".
, in fact - had ridden up just enough to bare a bit of his hipbones. Dean bit his lips but he couldn't bite back his smirk, as he asked, "Do you even know how damn sexy you look in these sweatpants and that Zepp shirt?".
His joy didn't last too long however, as he was gruesomely reminded of his wounds by a stabbing pain that spread in his stomach. He tore Nick's shirt off his body and pressed it tightly onto his wound, before he pulled it into a tight knot, hissing through his teeth at the torrid pain.
Castiel was also aware that he hadn't exactly been innocent in this case either. Dean had given him the gift of his trust and he had betrayed him yet again. He had lied to Dean, even when he knew deep down in his heart, that he should have confided in him instead.
Sam sat down opposite Dean and tried to capture his attention. "Dean?", Sam uttered softly. Dean shook his head as he was suddenly torn away from his thoughts. "Yeah", he answered curtly. "Is everything okay?", Sam asked concerned. "Sure", Dean nodded, "Let's eat".
Dean groaned as he felt Cas' finger inside him, his other hand still kneading his ass. He tried to relax his muscles around the angel's finger and shuddered as the angel slowly worked his finger deeper into him. Castiel watched Dean carefully and the hunter could see the question in his eyes, even though he hadn't said a single word yet. Dean bit his lips and nodded softly in answer, although it hurt more than he had expected it to. He spread his legs wider to allow the angel better access.
, Cas still didn't get it and it seemed like Dean had made it even worse with his words. More than anything, Dean just wanted to kiss some sense into the angel, but instead he just whined, "
"Not bad", Dean raised his eyebrows and nodded approvingly. "Let's take you back home, shall we?", he said as he offered Daniel his hand to help him up. Daniel stood up, without taking the hand that had been offered to him. They stepped out of the empty warehouse, the bright daylight blinding them for a second. Sam and Dean looked at Daniel to see if he needed any help, but apart from a few scratches and a bit of dirt on his clothes, he looked as good as new.
The angel closed his eyes and tried to focus all of his powers on the task at hand. Then, he let his powers surge through his hands that were still resting on Dean's stomach and used them to heal him. The gaping wound on Dean's belly was diminishing slowly, but Castiel's body began to tremble before he was able to finish his work. "Hey..hey..are you okay?", Sam asked concerned and rested a careful hand on Cas' shoulder as the angel arched his body with the exertion.
But even though he was tired and his headaches were gone, sleep didn't come easily to him. Dean kept turning around from side to side, but he couldn‘t get the memory out of his head. The way that Cas‘ lips had felt on his. The warmth of his tender touch and the familarity he had felt in this moment. He had kissed many lips in his life, but no woman‘s lips had ever been so ridiculously soft.
Dean closed the door behind him and walked towards Cas slowly. From the tape deck, he could hear the song 'Heartbreaker' by Led Zeppelin playing and just then, his eyes fell on the case of '
The angel could feel that Dean was close from the way his cock began to twitch erratically in his hand. "Say my name", Castiel growled darkly as he ever so slightly raised his left eyebrow and the dominant tone in his voice sent another jolt of pleasure straight to Dean's cock, "I want you to say my name when you come undone".
"My husband", the man corrected him and Dean raised his eyebrows flustered and nodded, "He went to get his tires changed last night and he hasn't come home since". Dean inconspicuously gave the man a once over. Even as he spoke, his resemblance to Cas was really remarkable. Sam caught his brother staring and raised an eyebrow at him, before he turned back to Jim "Did anything strange happen before he left?".
