”I’m sorry for not being understanding. I’m sorry I didn’t have the sense to appreciate all you did for us.”
John is very quiet.  Even more quiet than the pigeons huddled up under the glazed roof, masterfully avoiding the spikes adorning every beam.  Sherlock deduces that he must be exhausted, without saying so.  He watched John doze fitfully on the firm booth seat at Majida's, so he knew John didn't get near enough sleep.  And soon enough, John predictably closes his eyes and shortly starts to sway and finally lean into Sherlock.
Through all the time he’s spent feeling bad about what he did, all the therapy sessions with Ella, all the anger management exercises, this has never occurred to him. It seems he has even more soul searching to do.
This is what it must feel like for Rosie, when he pours water over her in the tub. It’s strange how the memory works. His Mum must have done this with him when he was small. He must have felt taken care of, as he feels now, by a complete stranger. He gets a bit teary eyed thinking about it, and then he feels Sherlock’s hand in his.
John only joined once. The sounds of slapping flesh, the grunts and curses - it was like porn or a sex dream.
He doesn't ask.  There are more pressing questions, and sadly, he's not ready for that conversation yet.  Instead, he feels a restlessness, a need to do something other than regretting his inability to express the things he doesn't say.  He feels the need to move.
Get some air and calm down. That had been a pretty wise coping mechanism, in light of his latent anger issues.
He’s said that many times, mostly when people have leered and probed at his relationship with Sherlock in recent years, and never once been lying.
Sherlock is unshaven again. He’s looking pale and haggard. John sits across from him in his chair. He doesn’t like the look of the scabs from the suture.
John can taste salt on his skin. His hair has a stiffness to it, like hairspray.  Right, the storm, which is still raging, raindrops pattering hard against the sliding glass door.  He stretches and finds that Sherlock has joined him, lying with his back to John.  Sherlock turns his head, opening an eye.
Sherlock leans back and stretches out his legs, resting his feet near John’s. A slow smile spreads across his face. He’s spotted the cake.
"I've already talked to an officer," says Wendy as they start down the stairs.  "I've given my statement. And I lost a friend today."  There's a waver in her voice.  "I've had a shitty day ever since I came back from work to find my home surrounded by police tape, and now I need to try to sleep.  I've got work tomorrow, too.  I don't know what happened, but I hope you find whoever did this to Brian."
”All right!” John throws his hands in the air. “Yes I know of it, I’ve worked in trauma. But a hypothetical risk matrix doesn’t matter when you run off like that. That’s taking a huge risk!”
“That was for real? I only thought it was Sherlock being hyperbolic on your blog. Then I definitely was better off in rehab.”
It seems their silence has been building up recently.  It started during the trial, when Sherlock was focused, but short-tempered, and John was nervous as hell.  That kind of silence isn't particularly good.  It's a distancing silence, John is sure of it, but he doesn't really know what to do about it.
. John realises he can’t see where Sherlock’s keeping his hands. Has he been touching himself this whole time? He feels his face turn impossibly hotter. He climbs out of the tub, very aware of Sherlock’s eyes following him to the small pool.
Of course they end up missing their train, running along the platform, only to arrive just as the doors close and it sets off down the rails.
Sherlock complies.  "Could be dangerous,"  he murmurs as John places a dollop of gel in his palm and starts to lather it up.
He can’t help that that’s where his thoughts go. The whole prospect of the day is both weird and a bit arousing.
“She lied to me. Really severe lies. She had a past she concealed. But she carried our child for nine months while I kept her on the rack for most of that time. I wasn’t ready to take her back after her deception. But I wasn’t ready to let her go either. In the end I made the right decision. I forgave her, even though it was merely lip-service. I couldn’t have done anything else. I never wished for children, but I couldn’t leave her when she was pregnant with mine. Of course I had to forgive her. And Sherlock, he...”
So, when he goes about booking a spa day for him and Sherlock, he's very aware of the challenge he will face.
John hands her over, but she’s not having it. She arches her back to the point Sherlock is struggling to keep his grip around the wiggling body in his arms.
"And she's positive that's what it is?" asks John, noticing how Sherlock's become significantly quiet after the pickled contents were named.  He's staring intently at his phone.
"No.  It's all very vague, isn't it.  They probably wouldn't listen to me--a confused old lady who can't keep track of her own receipts."
“Not tripping hippies, I meant the down-to-earth knit-your-own-cabbages kind. Romanticising India and all that.”
He sits down, realising he has squeezed the tomato he was holding, wiping his hand on the grass. “I’m sorry, Harry, but that’s how it was. I could shut up about it. But I was terrified of being found out. What would they have done to me? The freak who wasn't gay, but not straight either. I was afraid they would come after me for flirting with their daughters, for faking straight.”
Below it, stacked against the few remaining boards and battens, is a pile of rounded shapes, blackened and broken.
"Come on, I deserve it!" John bites. He positions himself, steady legs spread a bit, arms behind his back, defiant stance, chin jutting out.
"Yes, because I could tell you were fleeing too!"  John takes his injured hand in his.  "You didn't tell me anything about your worries.  You kept them to yourself, and didn't want to let me in.  So how could I have handled that differently?"
Sherlock has taken the stitches out. Not let someone do it for him, John’s sure about that. The first stitch has been pulled out at a wrong angle, creating a slight tear where there should only have been a pinprick of scab from the suture. John’s not a nurse, but he would have done a better job of it than Sherlock. John should have been the one to do it, to care for Sherlock, to undo the damage he’s done to him, to make sure there at least won’t be a more prominent physical scar than needed.
She doesn't seem to notice the odd use of 'young' about a man in his sixties. But then, she's old enough to be his mother, so in this context, he's surely a youngster.
And secondly, there was Auntie Catherine - the most non-judgmental person he’d ever met. She had opened her house unconditionally. John had secretly wished she had adopted him. No matter what adversity she had struggled with, she had always maintained her loving personality. Her sister, John’s mother, only had faint traces of that streak. Nothing more had survived her marriage. John couldn’t quite remember his mother’s affection, but he’d seen it in yellowed photos. A tiny John, in mustard coloured jumpers and brown corduroy overalls, being held in her arms in a loving embrace. Or him blurred out, being pushed on a swing, met by his mother’s beaming smile. That smile died long before she did.
He’s been reluctant to show her off. Been reluctant to connect this sanctuary to his present life in London.
"Yet you're different in every way," John adds. He comes closer, then leans in to tenderly kiss Sherlock's neck.  "If I were to experiment on
“No wonder you have anger issues. These things tend to bounce back, rather uncontrollably. I was so angry for many years. I know what it’s like, John. I didn’t realise how the anger drove me to self-sabotage. I mean, there were of course other issues too, but,
Sherlock is not as fluent as John in this sort of language.  "You could feel it for yourself," he says, carefully.
John pulls a pack of tissues ut of his pocket. He’s taken to carrying them around, lately. He blows his nose.
John really is that clever.  It's heart-warming.  "Actually, yes.  I don't like waiting.  And, I want to show you something in the meantime."
“No,” she says curtly, her eyes boring into him. “No John, I don’t have a partner, and definitely not Clara. It’s been
“Oh, right.” John preens a bit, looking around the room. “A bit nicer than a rigged up train car, yeah?”
"Sherlock, I'm sorry, but you need to get out of there. The funhouse is closed to the public. Anderson has dibs on the shed and the body."
In the middle of the room is a raised marble dais, with two linen mats on top, close together. They are told to leave their slippers, and lay down on their backs. Sherlock flops down on the mat, untangling himself as he’s lying down.
The only good thing about John keeping the ring on was the offputting effect it had on potential girlfriends. If there’s one thing Sherlock doesn’t wish to repeat, from their previous period of flat-sharing, it’s the never-ending stream of boring girlfriends.
“It is common knowledge that parents’ sport of choice is to boast about the development of their child.”
He fishes up is phone from the pocket of his jeans, careful not to disturb Rosie. He opens up the email app, and searches for Ella’s information.
Of course he can’t leave him like that. Of course he has to go back to the hospital, to a sleeping Sherlock in a hospital bed, just to see him one last time, his own knuckles still sore from the abuse he put him through.
"Come here," he says softly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock.  They embrace tightly for a long while, until Sherlock's breathing calms.  John holds him tenderly, his mouth is on his cheek, in an almost kiss.  Hot humidity wafts over Sherlock's skin when John starts speaking, low and gentle:
This is not a snog, like the tender caress from earlier. No, there’s nothing normal about this, and of course it can’t be, not with them. This is inexplicable, this is a marvel, this is something beyond dreams coming true. Dreams filled with longing, a deep sorrow at their core - a sorrow that is now turning into something burning hot, like fire, like power. The power of finally taking destiny in his own hands and
Sherlock thinks the heat is finally getting to him, too, because he finds himself agreeing.  "All right."
.  Notice the pooling of blood in his feet and hands, Sherlock?"  John carefully lifts the aforementioned foot.  "He's been dead at least twelve hours.  See the bluish purple marbling?"  He presses lightly on the skin of Mr. James' calf, watching it turn white for a brief moment before returning to the indigo hue.  He gently replaces the leg to its former position and checks the fingers.  "The nail beds have pooled blood as well."  He inspects the man's head.  "Pooling in the ear lobes."
He doesn't want to panic like he did the other day, even if it was briefly. The rest of what happened was an exception that proves the rule. It was pure adrenaline pushing him forward. It won't always be like that. If there's ever going to be another time for him and Sherlock.
Before they leave the pier, John buys two ice lollies, and asks for directions to the nearest pharmacy.
After spending fifteen refreshing minutes outside--Sherlock chain-smoking and John stretching, rubbing his temples and jogging on the spot--they decide to have a look at Brian's flat.  They find the key in the top drawer of Miss Cushing's bedside table.
And trying with all his might to forget about Sherlock, handing over all the guilt and blaming him for everything.
They've been more quiet with each other, lately.  That damned verdict really shook them, though Sherlock played it cool, made it out to have been predictable and unsurprising.  Sherlock's sudden silence has been more intense and drawn out than ever before.  John's been feeling left out, rejected.
He traces patterns of raised flesh, gently pressing here and there, his eyes alight in wonder, as if John is a miracle to behold.
Sherlock leans over and with absolute precision, he captures John’s right hand under water and holds tight.
When they arrive at the spa, they are ushered through a door and into a posh, comfortable lobby, complete with lit candles in every corner and the smell of spices filling the air. They have at least two hours until their booked treatments and are free to explore the different pools and saunas of the facility. They each get a personal kit in a basket, with bathrobes and slippers, and a set of different towels, complete with small bottles of shampoo, conditioner and shower gel, all labelled ‘Natural’ and ‘Organic’.
Sherlock had pushed his tongue into John’s mouth to provoke a reaction, to let him know this was welcome, and the result was phenomenal. Only a brief panic, and then John had proved how capable he was. Utterly inventive, playing Sherlock, teasing, and radiating power.
His hand slips in under the jaw, feeling the edges of his jawbone, massaging the soft tissue. He tugs Sherlock’s hair and licks into his open mouth. Sherlock closes his eyes and mumbles.
John lets go of Sherlock’s wrists to quickly release himself from the towel. He takes Sherlock’s hands in his, entwining their fingers, licks and sucks at his thumbs. Sherlock is so very pliant, following John’s movements. John can’t quite wrap his head around it. He puts their hands down against the seat, his own on top of Sherlock’s. He lets his fingers slide up Sherlock’s forearms, watching him shudder. Then quickly back down, digging in his nails along the way. Sherlock cries out, blinks as if he doesn’t understand what he’s seeing. John grips his wrists again, unyielding, and tugs a bit more forceful, lifts an eyebrow.
"Oi, cut it off!" says the woman.  "You think you can just stomp in here pretending to be a copper?"
"Yes, he's been dead since at least some time early this morning," says John.  He notices Kafka and Kipling, Tolkien and C.S. Lewis on the shelves.  Also, a selection of books on fly-fishing.
Sherlock realises he’s become protective of Rosie. When Mrs Hudson, with the best of intentions, shows him a video on YouTube with an inane self-assigned child expert presenting his theories as facts, Sherlock snaps.
Sherlock doesn't even have the energy to acknowledge the statement. He has lost all motivation from this tedious exercise.  They've only confirmed that they know nothing more than what Miss Cushing's already told them.
A fondness comes over him and he cannot help himself. The ache within his chest to be close to this extraordinary man becomes too much. John steps closer to the desk and reaches out his hand towards Sherlock’s animated face.
"I don't know what he was up to, except mowing the lawn from time to time, but he was a good man."  She drinks the last of her tea and sets the cup and saucer on the coffee table.  "I trusted him, and I'm terribly sad he's gone.  He just sat there and I could tell there was no life left in him, so I called the police, what with the funeral flowers and all."
John opens his eyes again, indulging the view of silky shirt stretched tight, and bare skin resting against velvet.  Sherlock's tapping away on his phone.  A little slower than usual, since he's using his left hand.  "Are you pestering Molly again?"
"I'm the berk?  I at least know my own feelings on the matter."  He gets in John's face, almost nose to nose.  "What do you have, John Watson?  A duffle bag full of trauma, a psychological fear of commitment and a knee-jerk reaction to anything that doesn't fit the scope of your world!"
Sherlock pulls the bagged pickle jar out of his coat pocket.  "When you're done, analyse the contents of this jar.  It's some kind of pickles."
Sherlock skips the fork entirely and stuffs a whole cake into his mouth. John uses the fork. It tastes really good, heaven for Sherlock’s sweet tooth.
, or the red mason bee. They are solitary bees; every female is fertile and makes her own nest, so there’s no hive, and no worker bees for these species exist. We’ll start out with that until we get proper beehives. You see, insects are essential to seed production, and we need all the pollinators we can get to keep up the food supply.”
"No.  It's Lestrade.  They've found the cardboard box.  Miss Cushing finally remembered where she'd put it and called in to tell the officers.  I hate to admit it, but it completely slipped my mind to look for it once she had left.  I'll blame those bloody boring receipts."
"Starving.  I assume I will be for a while."  John knows it's futile to ask Sherlock to stop and eat while he's on a case, but maybe he can find a shop that's open and grab a sandwich and crisps.  "Think the local Costcutter is still open?"
He’s a doctor and used to seeing all possible angles, crevices and orifices of the human body - there’s no excitement in that. He’s spent years in the army, sharing facilities with men in different states of undress. And if his first confrontation with an abundance of men, living together in tight spaces, was unnerving, he’s long since learned to relax living in close quarters.
With a cuppa and a bagel under their bellies, they head out with a vague plan to eventually get to the beach to see the pier.  John insists that it's something one needs to do when in Brighton, and Sherlock humours him.
And now it's John's turn to try to hold back tears.  Sherlock decides John needs an embrace.  And a kiss.  And a proper snog.  It soon occurs to them that they feel a mutual need to respect Majida's wish and promptly leave the restaurant, to go home and have a proper shag too.
John cries wordlessly. Sherlock doesn’t know what to do. He suspects a hug would be unwelcome, this time.
He tries to get Rosie to accept her dummy, but she immediately throws it to the ground. Grunting, he crouches down, a hand on her back, which is unnecessary for support, but feels right to do all the same. He pockets the dummy, wraps the scarf around her back, and starts to hum a low melody, entering the park.
"You haven't bloody asked me yet!" Sherlock nearly shouts.  "You're circling the question."  He stands and throws his cloth napkin on the table.  "Actually, I'm not even sure that
There are dogs on leashes barking, a low hum of polite conversation from all the previously hibernating people, suddenly out and about. The sound of a bouncing football, making eyebrows raise and frown, disturbing the relative calm. The athletic all-year-round runners now have to share the space with the suddenly health aspiring comfort joggers. There are birds enthusiastically chirping from the thicket. So much noise in comparison to just the other week. Ducks are making indignant noises from being chased by toddlers on the loose.
“Yes, safely,” Sherlock says firmly, sincerely. “Besides, if I employ this former carpenter from the homeless network to fix the roof, there’s a lot more work he could do. We need to see to other safety measures.”
He plays the violin for hours on end, until his fingers are raw and cracked. After he wipes down the instrument, removing the layer of rosin dust that had accumulated, and places it in the case. He then texts his manicurist who luckily has a spot available in a few hours.
John jots down the last statistics, gathers the receipts from each row and puts them back in their respective envelope.  Agitated voices drift down from the upper floor. John glances at his watch and grimaces.  It's nearly gone midnight and he's sent an irritable Sherlock to question a witness.  Not his brightest idea.  He quickly refills the plastic bag and brings it with him out into the hallway, locking the door behind him.  As he ascends the stairs, it sounds as if Sherlock has managed to get into an argument with Wendy Badu.  John stops to listen to the conversation.
“Seriously, I can’t leave this, Sherlock,” John hedges, regretting that he needs to interrupt the peace in order to continue this topic. They’ve finished their treatments, but have about two more hours free access to the facility. And they haven’t really talked that much. Not about the things he had planned, at least.
Sherlock huffs and throws a pile of bakery receipts at John. Some of them float and scatter to the floor.  John gives him an admonishing look, but there's a hint of a smile beneath as he bends low to pick them up.
Elbows, knuckles, heels of hands… all are used on their muscles, sliding over their bodies. The massage therapist pays special attention to John’s left shoulder and he can’t help the moan that escapes him. He hears an answering groan and sigh from Sherlock, and John suffers through the rest of their massage session, willing down his erection before he gets up.
But then, at the end of the day, when he comes back from the shower, John manages to sneak up on him when he’s about to go into his changing cubicle, wanting to steal a kiss. And Sherlock is distracted enough by John nipping down along his neck that he lets him push the towel on his shoulder out of the way.
“I know that and it’s fucking breaking my heart!” he snaps, catches himself, tries to rein in his temper only to have his breath catch on a sob.
“Oh. Yeah maybe I’m becoming one. I just don’t fit into your prejudiced image of a yogi. I do my meditations - I can highly recommend it. But actually, you might be right about the veggie thing. Don’t tell anyone, but-” she leans over conspiratorially and stage whispers, “
It’s strange how some things can grow from just a little. Harry has told him how other plants popped up near the compost, from seeds she didn't even know were there, in conditions that she would have thought too harsh to allow it, taking nourishment from discarded and rotten leftovers. How those tomato plants grew relentlessly from just a little soil and sun. Just as he and Harry grew at Catherine’s, the haven of their childhood, only offering a place free of judgement. As John grew after meeting Sherlock, weird in his own way, getting off on the macabre and dangerous. As Rosie, unwished for, an inconvenience, still has grown rapidly, capturing his heart.
“You don’t have to be isolated. There’ve always been such places, but it’s a lot easier now, more accepted.”
The only thing that stands out to John is a few economy packs of non-iodized coarse sea salt and a stock of toilet paper, stored beneath the bed.  A pretty large stock for only one individual.  Maybe he had a bowel problem?  John recalls that salt under the bed might have to do with some Feng Shui-ish mumbo jumbo.  How does that fit with Kafka?  But then again, maybe it doesn't have to fit.
. Those things tend to create drama, which will surely stand in the way of my work.  It doesn't interest me in the least.  That's still my position."
A long-reaching promenade, Madeira Drive, demarcated by pale green railings and tall, ornate lamp-posts, follows the waterfront, with part of the walkway currently fenced off due to a ferris wheel being under construction.
When Sherlock was five, and his parents thought to take them all on holiday, he innocently did the same thing.  While his parents were preoccupied, Mycroft, older and knowing full well what would happen, let the seagulls swarm Sherlock... as a lesson, he said, not to naively offer things that were
"Yeah, I didn't think anything of it at the time.  I thought the pickles belonged to Miss Cushing, since they were stored in the hallway cupboard.  I just supposed the glass jars were collected over time for recycling."
John heads for the tub, slipping down into the warmth. He lets his head fall back onto the curved headrest, submerged up to his chin. He closes his eyes, relaxing more and more with every deep breath, feeling the water tickle and massage his body. He opens his eyes only to see Sherlock come sauntering through the room, in tight black swimming trunks, clinging to his crotch. He twirls his towel and casually throws it over his shoulders, all his assets on display for John.
He could write a list of all the reasons why he should stay away from Sherlock Holmes, but in the end, he can’t make himself sever the last threadbare string tying them together.
Growth rate can be up to ten centimetres per day.  Think of how much that adds up to through the course of a summer.  Isn't it fascinating?"
, John?"  Sherlock can't help the disdain creeping into his voice.  This is a much too vulnerable situation.
John fixes his eyes on him and moves close enough for Sherlock to notice an indiscernible clench of his jaw.
He’s not sure what she’s getting at. He’s been busy with moving, selling the flat and the car, settling in at Baker Street.
"Well... stupid, or simply depressed and in denial about the potentially severe dietary interactions his medication could cause," John corrects.
Now the crawling has suddenly turned into speed racing. At a mere 72 centimetres height, she throws herself into sudden spurts of crawling, pulls herself to standing, and starts grabbing everything within reach that’s potentially accident inducing.
Now that she walks freely, she’s also become an intruder. A small person who squeezes herself in between everything. Always in the way. Always present. Always interrupting. Always demanding attention. Always in his face.
Sherlock smirks.  "Imagine taking off your gloves, Inspector."  Lestrade stares at the body and his face turns pale.  "I assume I don't need to go into the details, hmm?"
The scabs are gone, but the newly healed skin is red. The redness will fade, but John knows it will leave a scar.
He huffs and squirms in his seat, and if that doesn’t tell him there’s truth in her words, nothing will.
"Brian James."  He starts typing, awkwardly, with his left hand.  "He had some gardening tools in his closet, with the fishing gear.  A hand trowel and possibly hedge shears.  Honestly, I didn't get to have a closer look, thanks to bloody Donovan.  Can't believe I let it slip my mind.  I'm texting Lestrade."
In the end, neither of them had managed the charade. They’d failed spectacularly in their own ways. He had found himself not being the slightest bit surprised when she left. He’d been anticipating it since Sherlock told him of the man from A.G.R.A. John didn’t buy Mary’s fancy words about moving the target away from her family. She’d been on a mission, albeit with her life at stake. She never would have come back for good, to him and Rosie, whatever she’d tried to tell herself.
"All right then," Sherlock murmurs and raises his plastic glass, the champagne glinting in the afternoon sun.  "To the sea, and to us."
"What's bad about it, then?  Why do people want to get rid of it?  If it's edible, I mean.  The one in Brighton was like a cosy tunnel, and you said the bees like the flowers."
He manages to get Harry to himself for a bit, when he follows her out for her second smoke. He could tell from Sherlock’s smell that he’d been scrounging on her batch, when they returned from the first.
"See? There's no more room for celebrating my sobriety," she points out, giving him an impish smile. "This is it, John. I'm done.”
"I need access to the lab," says Sherlock, more firmly.  "This evidence needs to be examined."  He taps the box.  "And I might have to run a soil sample test."  When she makes no move to acquiesce to his demands, he raises his brows and grits through his teeth, "Preferably now."
"I can't believe Greg let you in on this!  Miss Cushing wrote to you about being threatened, and you just ignored the woman.  Now that her tenant is dead, you're suddenly interested?"
"Well he should have stayed away from old and spoiled food, and then of course sauerkraut, and other pickled or fermented greens."
They spend the last dark hour of the morning on a bench beneath the station's wide span of cast iron, waiting for the sun to rise, and the first coffee shop to open.
They find the stairs leading down to the beach.  The constant lapping of the waves on the Channel has carved out the lower part of the beach, so they sit down, elbow to elbow, right at the crest, stretching their legs out down the slope.  The sun is rising high in the blue sky, shining on a sea of teal and on the light-brown, black and rust shades of the pebble beach.  Even now, when the sun's been up for hours, the temperature doesn't reach the past days' heat of London.
John doesn't really believe in the good cop, bad cop strategy, but he feels inclined to offer some comfort to Miss Badu, as she's been caught red-handed and it's clear Sherlock has the upper hand.  "Miss Badu, we passed a bench a few lots down the path.  Would you like to sit down?"
"Oh, he's eager to please."  John looks back towards the swaying foliage.  "And ready to trim down that overgrown hedge."
John instantly pulls the razor away from Sherlock's face.  "Keep still!" he warns, then steadies the back of Sherlock's head, correcting his posture, before he starts anew.
Susan Cushing is, as Sherlock has already concluded, an elderly lady, residing on the bottom floor of the house.  Like Mrs. Hudson, she's renting out two rooms on the upper floor, and has been doing so 'for ages' (which equals since her retirement) to be able to afford to keep the house on her small pension.  It's been the same two tenants through most of the years: Wendy Badu, a fifty-something early years teacher, and the deceased, Brian James, a retired cab driver, who's at least twenty years younger than the landlady.
is the one pushing the pram, wiping the nose, calling out to stop the kid from killing themselves and the guy just- strolls along.”
Picking katkins from the willow tree, to give them furry pets, finding an acorn cap to use as a bowl. In the spring they dug up small root bulbs, from the yellow spring flowers scattered on the lawn, that looked just like doll sized potatoes.
"So that's what we get, after being thrown out by Sally Donovan and escaping to the seaside."  John grins despite all the hurtful words Sherlock just threw at him.  "We're missing out on all the fun."
John remembers sitting in Catherine’s kitchen in the afternoons, doing his homework, while Harry sat in the lounge by the telly, humming along to the theme of Follyfoot Farm. That had been more to his liking.
"A shag against the wall after a case, then?"  He snorts mirthlessly.  "I doubt Mrs Hudson would be shocked; she's imagined you rogering me senseless since you moved in.  She might even be glad of it."
“Don’t keep things from me, Sherlock. Promise me you won’t keep things from me again. Not important things, like this.”
He’s never thought he'd be able to focus in a sexual situation, no less a simple snog, without some element of force or physical coercion. Any gentleness would have his skin crawling and his restlessness increased. He's always needed some degree of pain to override his mind’s constant activity. But John made the sensory overload halt with the mere touch of his fingers on his cheek.
"I thought you punched him."  John gives him a measured look.  "You didn't, though.  You fell," he determines.
After the accommodation and pick up point is settled, they seek shelter behind the restaurants and shopping malls.  They wait for their ride in the boring residential area surrounding the inner harbour, where giant luxury boats are shielded from the storm.
Sherlock fiddles with his phone and John looks out the window, at the once familiar landscape that’s changed quite a bit since his Chelmsford days.
“I was thinking,” says John reluctantly. “Maybe you could- it’s helped me before so I thought- could you maybe play for her?”
They stop at a remote address on the outskirts of town. Sherlock checks their location on his phone. They search the perimeter. John’s not sure exactly what they’re looking for. ‘Signs of disturbance’, Sherlock had said. John finds suspicious tyre marks on the gravelled backside of the building, but Sherlock dismisses them.
"Won't that make it worse?"  He yawns and rests his eyes for a moment.  "It's like jet lag--you need to stay awake until it's proper bedtime."
He turns his back to the room and quickly lathers himself with the nice smelling shower gel. He almost gets a hard-on, as if his body wants to expose him out of spite. It’s always been a traitorous, adrenaline driven companion. He’s had to have many a cold shower in his life, and this is not an exception.
“Yeah, I- I don’t drink that much. I did for a while, but I know when to stop. I’ve seen what it did to my sister. I know how deceiving it can be. I’m very aware of the risks of genetic predisposition. So, yeah, I think I can manage.”
"Come on, Sherlock," John encourages.  "I know you consider him a criminal genius. Just explain to me, as a non-genius, how this all fits together."
“Maybe, just maybe, next time you could try to use your brain before coming here. Do you know how many old ladies come in here, apologising for taking up my time, when they should have gone straight to the A&E? ‘
“It’s quite fancy here nowadays. I could sell it with good profit. But I don’t know. It’s calmer than London. Maybe I’m done with flat-sharing for now.”
He’d given a long lecture, ending with him having his mind set on putting at least one bee hive on the flat roof of the extension, above Rosie’s room. John was pretty sure Sherlock would spend all night researching bees.
There's a discrete knocking from inside the restaurant window.  It's Majida. Their dinner is served.
John doesn’t do casual touches. Practical, part of his training. Friendly but not intimate, never charged.
John transcends Sherlock's well ordered borders. He makes Sherlock mix up his categories - sex can no longer be reduced to merely a form of self medication, with no attachments.
John breathes slowly in through his nose. He purses his lips, clenches his fists. "Please stop calling him that," he says tightly.  "It's not very professional."
Sherlock steps in close to John, positions himself at an angle where he's fully turned towards John's side and says,  "I have my doubts about Miss Badu."
Miss Cushing's quite delighted to have Sherlock on the case, since she hasn't heard back from them in months.  She's invited them into her small sitting room, serving tea and ginger nuts, which John knows to be Sherlock's favourite biccy.  She sits perched at the end of her seat, in an armchair filled up with several cushions to support her back, hair wispy and soft, like a halo around her head.  She wears both a cardigan and a shawl wrapped around her tiny frame, in spite of the heat--a clear indicator of her advanced age and the concurrent changed metabolism and loss of body fat.
“I really wish I knew what to do, but I know this is not the way. I can’t engage in this. It’s ruining us.”
Sherlock sighs, pacing.  He needs a smoke, but he knows John hates it.  He also needs John's steadfastness at the moment, not his judgement, so he fiddles with the torchlight instead, repeatedly clicking it on and off.  In a sudden impulse, he drops to his knees, hunching down until the tabletop is at eye level, letting the light fall at an angle over the receipts.  Triumphantly, he finally finds something out of the ordinary: a receipt with the indent markings of a penned message.  The writer pressed hard enough to leave an impression and that's enough for him.
Of course there is, but John's reluctant to admit it.  He slathers the foam along Sherlock's jawline.
Next, they are instructed to turn over onto their stomachs, so John does and lays his head atop his hands, face turned to the side, peering at Sherlock by his side.
He hates this life, the continuous state of helplessness, how he seems unable to live up to even the lowest expectations of a father-to-be.
“It’s not a mistake. If you hadn’t come, you’d still be under the impression that you can self-flagellate your way out of this. Believe me, it doesn’t work that way.”
He’d been afraid of inheriting such behaviours. Nature or nurture - it’s clear he has acquired some version of it.
“You know,” he says, shrugging. ”I have all these gentlemanly values of trying to do the right thing, but I’m crap at it. I could have lived with Mary and let her do all the child rearing, anything to distance myself from that life. Running off on cases with Sherlock, feeling validated by bringing home the money from a frankly boring job as a GP. I didn’t have the guts to tell her I didn’t love her enough. Didn’t even have the guts to acknowledge it to myself. I’m a coward, but maybe people don’t notice since I’m so bloody stubborn about following things through, even if I hurt myself and others in the process.”
"Huh. Right."  John makes the razor gently follow the curve of his upper lip and Sherlock needs to suppress a shudder.  "Anyway, as I told Mycroft--"
To counteract such risks, he undertakes the task of securing quality items in all things regarding Rosie. He doesn’t quite trust John’s judgement after he’d seen the hideous wallhanging by Rosie’s cot.
. That’s a proper, weighty word. And he wishes Sherlock good luck with upcoming cases in his career.
to keep things from John. But they are both clearly lacking in communication skills, and he’s never wanted to burden John with topics that seems fairly trivial in the grand scheme of things. After all, he’d lived, and come back to London. It had been a bump in the road, unfortunate and utterly unpleasant, but he had lived through it. He’d suffered worse when John had turned his back on him with that letter of misguided excuses. But he can’t make himself say that to John. Maybe some time in the future, he will be able to find the words to communicate his feelings in a way that John can understand. When it won’t hurt him as much.
"When," Sherlock says firmly, with a little uptilt in the corner of his lips. "Your optimism is charming, John, but it's 'when', not 'in case'."
“I- I should care. Another person wants my company. That’s- that’s great. I like girls, erm, women…” he chuckles nervously. “I’ve never been the best boyfriend. Hence my short relationships, I guess.”
To lose those convenient and very pleasurable meetings made it easier to chase the more dangerous highs.
“I take it he wasn’t a very nice man. I don’t know you to be ungenerous, and it would seem a bit petty to spite someone due to their hearing impairment.”
“I decked a superintendent for calling Sherlock a weirdo. I punched Sherlock in the face when he asked me to.”
"Sherlock," says John, with great forbearance.  "It's important that you let the stretched ligament rest and avoid applying any pressure or resistance to your thumb.  The bandage will help you with that.  Let me do this and then you can faff about to your heart's content."
There's no logical reason to try to hide, try to go unnoticed. Of all the people who have ever shared a showerroom with John, probably no-one has even thought of his particular sexuality. People tend to generally categorise other people as straight, unless there's something contrary catching their attentio'n. Besides, he's out now... sort of. To two people. It's a start.
He’s not sure it’s a sane thing to be contemplating. He’s worried that dominance is the only approach to men he knows, the only way to handle his lifelong reluctance and fear of intimacy with men, to not feel emasculated. How can he know what is a healthy, deep urge and what is a destructive behaviour that will only increase his insecurities?
several times.  She's really been out and about.  If these are all hers, she's done an awful lot of shopping even though she's slow as a sloth and can't manage to go out in the hallway to pick up her own mail."
"You can't let it go, can you?"  says John.  "Consulting Moriarty?  Christ, Sherlock.  You're seeing ghosts."
"Yes.  Whether it's to throw you off, so he can do other crimes without you noticing, or just for the hell of it."
John winces at one of the rider's shrill, high-pitched screams from within the attraction.  "None of Miss Cushing's residents are well off.  I can't see how their position would improve by trying to scare their landlady in her home, as it's their home too."
It had been an evening with several bands on a makeshift stage. The audience danced wildly, the adrenaline high. John had seen the lithe boy on stage. Most singers had been highly energetic, jumping around on the stage, sometimes mixing with the audience. This boy was rather still in comparison. He played the bass and was the lead singer, not straying far away from the mic stand. He had dark hair in an overgrown haircut and a white shirt with a dark tie. The tie was eventually loosened, the shirt soaked through and opened up at the neck, sleeves folded up to reveal strong forearms with rippling muscles. John couldn't look away, he was transfixed.
He’s already had Wiggins over to re-fit the lab into a storage room upstairs. They’ve painstakingly switched John’s old narrow bed for Sherlock’s wider one, needing to make an emergency call to hire two guys from the homeless network when the bigger bed got stuck on the landing with he and Wiggins on each side of it, impossible to move either backwards or forwards. With help they luckily managed to unstick it without breaking the stained glass window.
"You, Sherlock Holmes, are very much not playing dead.  You're just obnoxiously intent on denying yourself."
It ends catastrophically, with Sherlock lying bleeding on the floor, and it’s John who has put him there.
They drink their water in silence, regarding each other. She’s wearing Catherine’s knitted cardigan. No, it can’t be, it would be two decades old. It just looks very similar.
John does, closing his eyes, noticing the warmth of Sherlock’s hands, the weight of his own body against the ground beneath his feet.
They they never took off their trousers, since neither of them had any condoms, and they were both scared shitless of the mysterious, murderous, ever-present threat of AIDS
Why wouldn’t he be? He can’t help but reach for Sherlock’s jaw, supposedly to change the angle of his head, to see better, feeling the stubble tickling his palm. He touches Sherlock’s brow, prods the skin lightly.
”I’m sorry for being a coward. I’m sorry for never telling you how much you meant to me. And sorry for not - for not seeing.”
"The gardening tools?" John asks, and Sherlock agrees with a nod.  "Well, now I can understand why he kept them inside.  I would probably have disinfected them too, to prevent any involuntary spread of the damned weed elsewhere."
The train slows down unexpectedly, and John briefly loses his balance as he's stretched up on his toes to reach the shelf.  There's a bit of a wobble and he unintentionally bumps into Sherlock.
. More like… the only thing I knew how to do. Act out and provoke and possibly make him throw me out.”
"Or someone wants to put blame on him, but he died because of his own stupidity, before they managed to kill Miss Cushing."  It's a possibility that seems increasingly more likely.
"It is?"  John's eyes gleam.  "I'll tell you what's endearing--your response when I touch you, or kiss you, or simply breathe into your ear."  He's clearly waiting for Sherlock to respond.  "This morning was quite enlightening."
He needs to do something. He knows it’s wrong to blame Sherlock for being reckless. He’s told Sherlock he didn’t cause Mary’s death, but it’s not enough. He’s not sure Sherlock understands. He can’t understand what a pitiful man John is. If he did, he wouldn’t keep asking him to go on cases. How can Sherlock trust him after what he did?
"Hm.  Is there any possibility these weren't meant for you, but your sister?" he says with irritation, ignoring the look he gets from John.  "They're all addressed to S Cushing."
Because on the other hand, it's a complicated thing--to long for this kind of intimacy.  He knows full well that it could easily lead to something more raw, if John ever dares slip out of his carefully constructed impersonation of straightness, and embrace the obvious attraction he often unknowingly displays towards Sherlock.
“Harry,” he sighs. “I’m so very sorry for not being there for you. But I couldn’t do it anymore. Couldn’t watch you-”
"It's an offence to plant, or otherwise allow, Japanese knotweed to spread in the wild," says Sherlock.  "Also, all Japanese knotweed material, including contaminated soils, are classed as controlled waste, and disposal is regulated by law.  Were you aware of this?"
"Just a mo."  John pops out to the room and returns with the backpack. He ruffles around in it a bit, before he finds what he's looking for.  "Here," he says, lining up the shaving supplies beside the basin.
“I just let it all slide. With Catherine, when Mum died. With my wonderful landlady, Mrs. H, when Sherlock died. It hurt too much, to be confronted with the loss again and again. There’s a pattern to it, and I wouldn’t have seen it if not for therapy.”
"This is very confusing to me, Sherlock," John says, feeling a growing unease.  "I'm not sure I understand you correctly.  Be frank with me.  What are we facing?"
"Alright."  John holds back a snigger.  "Well, then I'll go get a twister for myself," he says and takes a few steps towards the pier.
Mycroft calls as soon as they exit the building. John can only hear Sherlock's side of the very short conversation, but it seems to be enough to throw him into a barely suppressed fit of giggles.
John sniggers. He thinks fondly back to when Harry and him queued in a video rental shop to get their hands on a VHS release of the latest Bond movie. Of course he had to see Sean Connery return as 007, but the film also featured Barbara Carrera, so he and Harry were both gushing over her beauty.
"It's the timing, John!"  Sherlock says in a fit of pique.  "The letters started coming right around when Moriarty first turned up.  You heard her say it too...
Sherlock blinks a few times, still squatting on top of the desk. He opens his eyes fully and stares at John, his gaze confused, searching. He briefly glances to the wall,
Now they’re having a rest. Harry is smoking in the sun chair. John is lying flat on his stomach in the grass, watching the garden from the ground up. It reminds him of something.
"Then tell me which is more probable: Miss Cushing storing the pickles for him, or Brian storing ridiculous amounts of salt for her?"
There's naturally very few people around on a weekday in late September.  John can count up to a handful, as far as he can see, squinting against the sun.  Some are soaking up the sun in plain picnic chairs.  Not more than a couple dare to have a swim, for even though the overall temperature is pleasantly warm, the sea is frigid.  It must have been crowded here earlier in the season.  The beach is mostly deserted, but on Brighton Pier, more people are starting to appear, as it's near lunchtime.
Their final treatment is a very posh joint barber session with hot towels. John had chosen a pricey option with a facial treatment and a wet shave. He had thought of adding the haircut service offered, but he knows how meticulous Sherlock is about his curls. He’d probably not let anyone touch them except his own secret, probably even more posh, hairdresser.
The onslaught of sensation makes it hard for Sherlock to get out a final protest.  "Attributing one's arousal to an erroneous source can alter the emotional experience!" he says with clenched teeth, inanely fighting the quick build-up from their erections getting acquainted.
an abuser. You made an awful but human mistake and you’ve been ready to face the consequences and do better. That’s more than enough for me. So please, for my sanity, let’s move on.”
In just two minutes, she’d managed to climb the bookcase, and his bats had met their destiny. He can only assume that she has an accomplished sense of balance, seeing that she hadn’t fallen and injured herself in the process. Something to possibly study in the months ahead.
"John," Sherlock begins again, realising it sounds just like the start of a speech.  "I, um-"  He fiddles with the stem of his wine glass.  "I once rebuffed you, told you I wasn't looking for anything.  I meant I wasn't looking for anything
In fact, John's touch could have been really useful during the past few days' exhausting brooding.  Alas, John might not appreciate being used as some sort of cuddling device.  At least not while sober.  Instead, Sherlock took up his smoking habit again, in an attempt to clear his thoughts, distancing himself from John in the process.  Oh, the dilemma!
“Oh… I wake up, I dress and get ready for work. Then I prepare Rosie’s morning milk and wake her up. Take her to the sitter, go to work.”
They follow Lestrade towards the house, Sherlock and Anderson glowering at each other when they pass.
“I did,” John reiterates. He knows exactly what he did and what it’s called, whether Sherlock sees it or not.
John shrugs.  "None.  But, maybe you'd do well with some fresh seaside breeze to air out your lungs."
John can’t wrap his head around that. The longest relationship he’s been able to maintain was with Mary. But that had been broken up by a long estrangement, when he had to step away, and then once more when it was Mary who left. Even though his current state of relationship with Sherlock is very new, he’s the person John’s known longest, besides old mates and of course his sister. Sherlock is also the person he’s loved longest.
“Yeah I did. I had good grades, so medicine seemed viable. But I didn’t get into med school on my first attempt. So I signed up for basic military training. If I saw that through, I’d have succeeded where my dad never could. Also, the Balkan War had made an impression. The reports were jarring, and going there would have had a clear purpose.”
Sherlock laboriously wrestles himself and Rosie out of the scarf and coat, throwing them over one of the side tables. He releases the backstrap and sits down on the sofa with a pillow against the arm rest. He carefully scoots down to a reclining position, holding Rosie tightly against his chest. He releases her limbs from the rest of the carrier, and decides to reach for Mary’s scarf, folding it and tucking her in.
John gives her a name. The name he’d always wanted her to have, but didn’t have the strength to argue for.
boxes.  She included the leaflets too."  He turns the phone over to show Sherlock.  "Apparently, he had a whole stock."
This wasn’t supposed to happen. Sherlock promised to keep her safe, that’s the only reason she willingly returned to London. And now she’s lying dead on the floor.
Sherlock is starting to consider this a futile quest.  "I'm beginning to question her statement about not suffering from dementia."  He starts to pace, hands on his hips as he keeps looking over the sorted receipts. "What if she's just confused and made this all up because she forgot she was supposed to send them to her accountant?"
“If you’re still concerned about Sherlock’s drug use or see signs of relapse, there is this method which builds on creating a community around-“
Entering the steam room feels like walking into a wall of hot moisture. The steam is thick in John’s lungs, but he notices the effect of the eucalyptus opening up his airways within a minute.
John sits down in the niche farthest from the door. There’s no-one else in here. Sherlock comes after. Lithe and mysterious in the darkness and foggy atmosphere. John’s eyes goes to his hip bones, follows the line of his iliac crest until it disappears under the towel.
He decides to keep Mary’s long winter scarf. It’s practical and can be used for Rosie’s pushchair when it’s cold, instead of languishing in a box. He also keeps the dress she wore on that fateful night when he was supposed to propose, only to be interrupted by Sherlock. It was the last time things with her were uncomplicated. It has the beauty he saw in her, the grace she bestowed upon him, helping him survive the grief. And it’s symbolic for what he wanted to do that night, and what he’s about to do next.
the consequences of what I had done to you when I jumped to my apparent death in front of your eyes.”
There's a series of old photos of Brian and his mates, posing by a lake, dotting the mantle above the tiny fireplace. In one photo, he's grinning and presenting a big rainbow trout. Snowdonia 2003, 16 lbs, is penned beneath it.
They finally reach the Side Shows and arcade, with a shooting gallery and tin cans, as well as the obligatory small child attraction of Hook a Duck, tempting the little ones with soft plushies in garish colours.
"Right," says John.  "At least now we're sure they're all hers, assuming that it's her card number."
“It’s fine, John. I understand why you didn’t talk to me. It would surely have made a difference, for both of us. But I realise it could have been conflicting too. Those were messy years.”
"Oh, um, sorry.  And sorry about the view, gonna deal with it right now."  He's carrying a pair of hedge shears.
"He pushed past me and turned back towards land.  I called the police," says Sherlock, standing back up.
"Well, the knotweed grew back with a vengeance.  So every time Miss Cushing visited her sister during the spring and early summer, Brian hacked away at the shrub."
John and Rosie’s constant presence leaves him nearly exhausted at some point every day. John readily accepts him fleeing upstairs to their bedroom, or locking himself up in the small lab, when everything becomes too overwhelming. Or, like today, leaving the flat for a couple of hours to recalibrate. He does the same for John, when Rosie drives him to his wits’ end.
John holds up a finger.  "Yes, hello!"  He half turns away from Sherlock, pressing the phone to his ear and blocking the other with his hand to shut out the sound of the storm.  He walks away for a bit, and Sherlock can't make out what he says, until he raises his voice.
The current silence is companionable, though, and filled with the sound of waves, wind and seagulls, and the soft rattling sound of Sherlock letting the stones sift between his fingers.  Somehow being here, being out of their element, makes some things feel a bit more possible, breaking the silence, in more ways than one.  Some things feel decidedly more within reach, if John only dared to ask.
Sherlock catches himself staring at John's hand on his arm. John sees it too. But he doesn't remove his hand, doesn't lessen the grip. Instead he lets his thumb massage the muscle, carefully watching Sherlock's reaction.
They've reached the landing.  "She said 'garden flowers', specifically.  How so?"  Sherlock opens the door.
Then Sherlock is forced to say what he doesn’t want to say, because he knows how it will affect John and his continued struggle with guilt.
He dabs his nose with a tissue to accentuate the fact. “It’s a very important trip with my work, but now I’m afraid I won’t be able to go, since I’ve felt quite bad for a few days.”
"Um, I think it's cheaper around here."  John is acting shifty.  "Back there, we'd probably have to sell your tie pins to get a room."
It’s where John grew up, left for medical school and briefly returned to, to work as a junior doctor in Trauma and Orthopaedics. He hasn’t been back since his mum died.
The moment Sherlock takes aim, John leans in to murmur in his ear, "Always know where the muzzle is pointing and never point it in an unsafe direction."
"No."  John shakes his head, licking his lips, trying to deny that Sherlock is spot on in his assessment of the situation.  "That's not... I don't... it's not like that!"
She had meant his self deprecating tendencies, his undervaluation of his worth as a father, a brother, a friend. The same should apply to this situation. There’s nothing to be nervous about, the feeling is only a bodily response to his thoughts.
He’d never mentioned it to his therapist. He just couldn’t put it into words. And he felt it was private, too private.
“You didn’t want to watch when she drilled a hole in the back, so I assisted, holding the poor doll down,” he chuckles. “First surgery of my life, I guess.”
John has been thinking about having a garden of his own. Thinking of endless afternoons with Harry at Catherine’s.
"I should have brought the gun," says John, still breathing hard from the race.  He's prodding all parts of Sherlock's hand, in search of any injury.
Some people flock to the side of the pier deck to watch two brides having their wedding photography done on the massive old groyne, with the sea and the pier as a backdrop.  Formally, it's a civil partnership, but the brides evidently haven't let that stop them from celebrating accordingly.  Sherlock spots an old shiny red and chrome convertible Cadillac, with tailfins, parked by the pier entrance, adding to the celebration, decorated with white ribbons and bows.  John watches the brides pose for the photographer, white tulle and organza flowing in the wind.  The onlookers cheer when they kiss.  John turns around with a smile, seeking Sherlock's eyes.
John darts around the corner and Sherlock continues forward to meet him at the end of the building.  He rounds an elderly woman with a child in a stroller, and then he's suddenly flying through the air and lands awkwardly on his right hand.  Bloody uneven timber deck planks!  He scrambles to get up.  He needs to catch John behind the corner, but his hand hurts when he puts weight on it, so he does a side roll to get to his feet and sets off towards the end of the arcade.
The car stops in front of a house at the end of a street, which boasts alternating beige and brown brickwork. John exits the car and Sherlock follows.
"No worries!" says John, taking Sherlock's hand.  They hurry past the young man and back into the garden.
"Well, first I took the fire poker and banged on the heating pipes behind that curtain over there."  She points.  "They go straight up to his room."
"It's not enough, though.  We'll go straight up to the pharmacy on Saint James' Street and get some crepe bandage so I can secure your thumb and you don't damage it more than you already have.  I'll just pop in, won't be a moment.  Our picnic will have to wait."
Sherlock peers intently at the letter, flipping it over to study the back, then returning to the front.  "She clearly thought so, since she's underlined, with the frail and shaky line of a quivering elderly woman's hand, that she kept it inside her house, contrary to the receipts."
The seagulls are equally starved and start to gather around them.  Sherlock needs to pause his eating to get a hand free to throw pebbles at them to keep them away.  "Bad bird!  Get off!"
Why do therapists always ask these questions? It’s not like he takes notes of his days. They’re pretty similar anyway.
Not the kind of deep void Sherlock caused when he jumped - that was insurmountable. It was dread, a slow death from inside, a completely purposeless existence. So much worse than any low point in his life before he met Sherlock.
When the music stops, he empties his water bottle in the drinking fountain, turning away from the door. The people mill out, pass by him, warm and red-faced. Some queue up behind him as he fills the bottle. He drinks slowly, walking towards the open doors, and steps inside.
Rosie is at Stella and Ted’s for the night, which Sherlock surely has sussed out. There’s even a cab waiting at the curb. And Sherlock is aglow, enthusiastic about the case, and he wants to share it with John.
"I haven't thought of their particular names, but the ones he's planted here, I guess."  She turns to John.  "Maybe you can tell me then, as Mr Posh doesn't deign to answer.  Do you know who killed Brian?"
But he can’t meet Sherlock, can’t look him in the eye, can’t hand over that letter. He hides instead. Goes into the bedroom and swallows down a big gulp of numbness from the bottle that has somehow migrated to under the bed.
“We won’t discuss this in-depth today, but I want you to read this through and preferably write down your thoughts about these and bring your notes with you to our next appointment.”
"All right, I'll explain," Sherlock placates.  "The plant Molly's colleague identified, and which you and I had a moment inside, this morning in Brighton, it's, as I said before, terribly difficult to get rid of.  Costly.  It's extremely potent, an invasive species, spreading fast and strong through rhizomes in the ground.  If you hack it away on the surface, it returns quickly, because it's true growth is tied to its root system.  Roots can grow twenty feet long, rhizome runners can extend to sixty.  You dig it up, but drop a sliver of its stem, a fragment weighing just a seventh of a gram, and it will sprout and produce a new plant.  Like I said, a Sisyphean task, you'll never be done with it.  It's vital that you seek out a specialist to cull any regrowth, which usually involves high costs."
He admires John's ability to fall asleep on the spot.  Naturally, it's a very useful skill when doctoring in a combat zone, where the shifts might be endless, and any small break needs to be utilised for maximum effective recovery.
Sherlock has had his share of losses. He spent an uneventful morning home alone with her. He went to the loo for two minutes and when he returned, he was met by his bat taxidermy box in pieces on the floor. He’d anticipated something like this would eventually happen, and to prevent any damage he’d moved the box from the mantel to one of the bookcases, just a little higher and safely out of reach.
"The officers told me this pile wasn't here when they did the initial search of the garden.  Admittedly, it was dark, and a messy tangle of greenery back here, but they've assured me they did a thorough search."
Sherlock is having a smoke outside, while they wait for their food to be served.  John sits in the shadows, surrounded by candlelight, watching his silhouette outside the window.  He's striking, as always, against the yellowy light from the street lamps.  Sherlock brings his phone up to his ear.  John is amazed by his ability to keep both a smouldering fag and a phone in one hand, without scorching his ear or his curls.  Now he starts pacing.
He does. Sherlock has always had an odd way of obsessing about things he’s interested in. John hadn’t understood he’d been the object of such obsessions, hadn’t thought this thing between them went back so far. Not for Sherlock. For a brief time he had believed it. Until Sherlock faked his death.
A lovely bush of roses, lavender-blue asters (a bee favourite) and, even though the flowers have long since wilted, clearly a patch of calla lilies.  Sherlock has an ominous feeling.  He stands up.
, does it mean he owes me a case?"  Sherlock throws his hands up.  "That's what's been on my mind, John.  I can't work it out."
, who caught my non-native speaker mistakes, read my mind and provided better words, asked just the right questions, helped me detangle difficult scenes, gave me suggestions that provoked and inspired creativity when I was stuck, and who showed a deep understanding of the characters.
Sherlock's certain that it's only for show, and what John's actually doing is watching him in his peripheral vision.  Sherlock flips the small shell in his pocket.  What can John read from him?  Does he see the carefully hidden worry about Moriarty, and the fear that he will actually try to burn Sherlock's heart?  It's surely evident to some extent.  Isn't it?  Sherlock thinks (hopes) he's done a rather good job covering it up with external stimuli--like smoking more than he's done for years, and allowing his internal restlessness to bloom on the outside.  It's been reassuring to realise that John simply took it in stride, even though it meant he disappeared to the clinic for far too many hours a day, more than Sherlock thought strictly necessary.
"Oh, shit!" says John, stumbling out from the bathroom in a rush, struggling to unlock the glass door to the garden.  The manager's voice continues from the other side of the door to the hallway.
But, somehow it's easier to deviate into meaningless banter than to continue prodding for information about Sherlock's sexuality and lack of relationships.  The razor is clogged, so he rinses the blade, letting some of his frustration pour out by casting unfair blame.
Sherlock wants to smother John between pillows. Well, not actually smother him, but have him in his bed, cover him with his whole body, make him stay in bed forever so he can keep him close.
They hug. He holds her tight, caressing the back of her head. Looks to the darkening sky. Closes his stinging eyes and breathes in the cold air, deeply.
"I hope you at least could appreciate the luxurious mattress.  We upgraded it just before the start of the season."
There lights are low in the warm lounge, just a few tables occupied. John is happy he seems to have booked the right time and day for quiet conversation without too many people milling about.
Before they reach the house, Sherlock spins and confronts Lestrade.  "Why the hell did you call me in for this if you were planning to let Anderson throw me out?" he snarls.
There are new, intricate tattoos he hasn't seen before. Now the ink winds around the entirety of her arms, from wrist to shoulder in a variety of figures and patterns.
Now the rising tide is evident.  There's a dramatic shift in temperature when the sky starts to turn grey.  Seagulls are soaring high in the sky, riding the buffeting winds.  Sherlock wraps his scarf around his neck against the chill.
"So does he want the power, or just the feeling of being powerful?"  John ponders.  "He's got both, unless he's bluffing about that computer code.  So why would he need you?  He got your attention, he even got you to testify in his own trial, and he walked free from it.  He got the upper hand, he's got the ultimate power.  What now?  Why did he give you impossible riddles?  To play games with him?  What does he want from you, at this point?"
, because apparently it's a Sisyphean task to get rid of the weed, which, according to legend, somehow is a certain Mr Hancock's fault.  And
Ella hands him a printed copy from some kind of self-help site. She briefly walks him through the different
Then, there's the loaded silence, like when they've had an argument.  Or, the time when John was unsure of Sherlock's view on Moriarty, when the alluring intricacies Moriarty presented seemed to outweigh the severity of his crimes, in Sherlock's eyes.  John was luckily proved wrong, when Sherlock showed clear disgust over the criminal's actions.
It's nearly ten in the evening, and Miss Cushing is exhausted after having gone through roughly a year's worth of receipts.  Sherlock hasn't actually examined the contents yet, just help sort the envelopes according to date.  But, with a near constant yawn, Miss Cushing is clearly ready for bed.  She's arranged for her sister to pick her up, and will stay at her place, but Sherlock and John have access to her rooms if need be, so the investigation can continue.
“No, I’m not now. But I handed Rosie off as much as I could for a too long time. When I first was alone with her, when Mary left, I like to think I managed pretty well, considering the circumstances. But after she- I just- I just couldn’t. I didn’t feel anything about anything anymore. Just resentment and self-pity.”
"Speaking of trust..."  He steps away from John's touch.  The phone buzzes in his coat pocket, but he ignores it.  "Yesterday, at the pier, I subjected you to several stimuli: physical closeness and a dropped voice, followed by excitement and the rewarding feeling of accomplishment as well as the thrill of the chase ending with a perceived threat."
He estimates there is another five minutes to go, so he joggs until he rounds the corner of the building. There comes the outdoor fitness group, back from a drill in the nearby park. Perfectly timed as expected. He’s worked up enough of a sweat to merge with them undetected and follow the swarm through the doors without having to procure a gym card.
It's a small family run business in a more residential area high up on the cliff behind the Marina, offering seven rooms, all decorated in different colour schemes and themes.  There's even a room, listed as the Ibiza Suite, featuring garish purple, pink and teal neon accents.  If John thinks Sherlock will stand for some 80's themed, hallucinogenic fixtures while he tries to sleep, he has another think coming.
"Sherlock, why did you call it 'target practise' when you came clean about experimenting on me at the pier?  I mean, call it whatever you want, I'd just say shooting gallery, as the sign said."
"He mentioned fairytales and the code he used for the break-ins."  Sherlock sighs at the absurdity of that conversation.  "I did tell you about the code," he adds.  "I don't keep everything to myself."
Sherlock’s happy to be able to withdraw upstairs when there’s too much wailing or banging of pot lids, which, along with stacking mixing bowls, is Rosie’s current favourite activity.
"I can't really claim fidelity, because, you know, um... frequent dating and such.  But I haven't actually broken up with you either."
The baby monitor has come back into use again, since John’s moved most of his things upstairs, preferring to spend the night with Sherlock, rather than sharing a room with Rosie.
"You are brilliant, John," Sherlock says with reverence.  "What if it's just as you said?  What if it's all hyperbole?  What if there is another explanation to how he could break in and let prisoners loose?  What if there is no code?  What if he's only trying to impress me by boasting?  Bait me with his capabilities?"
He can’t really make himself say out loud what Mary had done to him, put them both through. It would be like betraying Rosie, taint the memory of her mother.
Sherlock ignores the question.  "How devilish."  His eyes are alight.  "I was almost fooled by what looked like an amateurish attempt to destroy evidence.  It was clever, oh so clever.  It was a beacon."
He went backstage, long after Harry and her friends had left. The band was sitting on the floor in a corridor, tiredly sipping soft drinks and talking about nothing in particular. John sat down beside the boy and leaned against the wall. He joined the conversation briefly, but didn’t dare to look at him, just talked to the air in front of himself. The others in the band eventually dropped off, and suddenly John’s field of vision was blocked by that guy, sticking his tongue into John’s mouth.
John’s not sure if there ever was a case, or if Sherlock just had decided they needed to see each other on more neutral ground, after what happened. He continues walking. He has no baby to carry and has nowhere he needs to be at the moment. A little bit of unexpected freedom.
John finds the date at the top of the paper and his blood chills. "That's the day Moriarty was arrested."
They were quite successful and even accomplished squeezing some cases in. But John had been worried about Sherlock. He’d been too wrapped up in the cases, like a squirrel on speed, running around gathering clues in an inhuman tempo, even more frantic than he had been in the old days.
in my life. You give me perspective. And Ella, my therapist, is fierce - you can bet this conversation is going to come up in therapy.”
Harry’s got a spray bottle. It’s see-through plastic, tinted a sickening artificial green, contrasting sharply against the lush, organic green of the back garden.
"No, it's all right."  John grabs the bag, and turns.  As he's standing, the train passes a stretch of allotments.  For a few seconds John spots an elderly couple raking their lot, before the train has rushed past.  It makes John think.  "Is it possible someone set fire to the shed by mistake?  Is it burning season in the gardening world yet?"
Would they've had a chance at a good life if she'd been the person he thought she was? Would he have managed to be the person he thought he was?
"No, and you two are not allowed to go back in there.  I don't want you anywhere near Miss Badu.  There was a complaint."  Greg glares at Sherlock.
John hands him the receipt.  There it is, glaringly obvious, and yet he failed to see it: the last figures of a credit card number.  The next receipt in the pile has an identical match.  And the next, and the next.  Seems he needs to relearn his own lesson about the difference between seeing and observing.
The most pressing question now is, who would know of this place?  Who would want to put blame on Brian?  Sherlock is not sure how the motive fits in, but there's too many coincidences to ignore.  He needs to be sure.
, soon she will start to ask really uncomfortable questions, he can feel it. She’s always been too clever for her own good.
He walks to the door, his last sentence echoing in his mind. He can feel tears rising, swallows hard.
“I- I want to make it up to you. To somehow- To apologise. For real. To make things normal between us.”
The shell only helped to a degree; he'd ended up smoking all that was left in his cigarette pack after all.
John’s still wearing his wedding ring. That should really be a glaring signal to Sherlock to keep his distance, to not go ahead and mindlessly invite trouble and heartbreak into his home.
The Semantics of Healthcare - about John’s medical and military background, Explaining John Watson’s Medical Discharge and Exploring John Watson’s Childhood
They wander off, scanning the ground. One tall, one small, both having made themselves a home in John’s heart. He knows this, and sometimes he says it out loud.
John rolls his eyes.  "Greg. His name is Greg," he mutters, even though he knows Sherlock is very much aware of Lestrade's first name.
She was rebelling, seeking out her own role models, though when she had pierced her belly button, she was wise enough to keep it carefully hidden. Wouldn't want to provoke their father that much, it could lead to unpleasant consequences.
John sighs, long-suffering, picks them up and plunks them in the basin with the rest.  "Want me to rinse your socks, too?"
If he’d been suicidal after Afghanistan, which he actually could admit to himself that he’d been to some degree, any thoughts approaching the subject was tainted by Sherlock's precedent and effectively stopped. So that road was practically closed.
What had he wanted from Sherlock at that point? Had he truly wanted a fight? It’s all a blur of hot anger and blinding pain, fear. In light of recent events - had he wanted a physical confrontation? To crash into Sherlock, feel his body under his hands, wrestle and hold him. It makes John’s head spin. If Sherlock’s reasoning is correct, then John would have had the opportunity to hold him without a mindless violent attack.
Sherlock's gaze seizes on a possible clue, one overlooked while they were busy sorting.  Each was addressed only to
“Oh, the Doctor approves,” Sherlock raises a brow, a mischievous smile on his face. “I might get addicted.”
Sherlock tilts his head.  "So that's what this is about?  You're literally holding a blade to my throat while trying to force me to make some kind of statement about women in general, under the guise of speaking about Irene Adler."
John entwines their fingers and leans forward, his eyes twinkling with mirth.  "So what do you think:
Mr Chamoun had been an exception, with his quiet ways and unrelenting dominance. He wasn't fooled by Sherlock's antics, was almost impossible to provoke. That's why Sherlock, after many years of abstaining from sexual activity, had found that this was a man he'd like to see repeatedly.
"Oh, please!"  Sherlock rolls his eyes, clearly not in the mood.  He turns up the light of the screen to the max, then leans over the phone and squints again.
John blinks and blinks, breath ragged.  He reaches out, slowly placing two fingertips on Sherlock's pulse point.  At first a featherlight touch, then applied pressure, his fingers dancing with the rhythm of Sherlock's beating heart.  He can't be missing Sherlock's deep, heavy breathing.
"John-" he begins, automatically, to apologise. He is distantly aware of his towel brushing against his leg as it’s unceremoniously dumped onto the wet tiles.
The three of them had spent all morning at the back of the house. John had sent pictures to Harry. She’d returned them with a blurry picture of her bare ankles, intertwined with another couple of tan, decidedly female ones. He could almost make out the African lilies in the background. He’d felt an unexpected pang of compassion and nostalgia. It seems he’s turning more maudlin day by day.
He briefly considers putting it deep into one of Billy’s eye-sockets. But there’s a risk it will fall out if Mrs Hudson insists on being obstinate about dusting the mantel.
He presses the heels of his hands to his eyes, drags them down his cheeks. He grips the armrests and fixes his eyes on his knees.
"But there's nothing here!"  Sherlock gestures towards the endless rows of paper. "Not anything unexpected."
Sherlock asks him to dinner, after. It’s early in the evening and Rosie is at Stella and Ted’s for the night, so there’s no hurry. They eat at a Chinese place on Marylebone Road. They even share a bottle of wine and order dessert. It’s plum wine, made especially by the owners. So smooth, you wouldn’t even realise you were under the table until it was too late. Sherlock has a sweet tooth, though, and John is happy to indulge him.
, because of it's pink coloured stems early in the spring, and the rhubarb-like taste of young shoots.
"You see, those letters had me worried.  Not at first, though."  She nibbles on a ginger nut.  "It was only odd.  I never told poor Brian, or Wendy; there's no need to worry your tenants if you're not even sure it's anything more than a prank.  But, then they kept coming, and I couldn't wrap my head around it.  So, I thought, this sounds like the perfect peculiar mystery a private detective could work out."
"Moriarty did say he could get to nuclear codes.  As a selling point, to put the code on the market.  He already has bidders.  All the bad ones.  He doesn't want the money, he wants them to compete for his grace, like an old fashioned fairy tale king, or something."
He leaves within a couple of minutes, cancelling the rest of his patients, blaming a stomach bug. He heads for Baker Street, stomach churning and heart beating hard.
John burrows his naked toes into the old familiar, worn carpet. This is home. This is were his longing started and grew. This is where he almost cheated on his wife-to-be, even before he knew who she really was, or rather claimed she really was. He’ll never know for sure what was true and what was lies, or if what she presented to the world truly was how she desperately wanted things to be.
Lestrade wipes his brow again, cursing under his breath about the unbearable heat.  "She talked about some letters and a cardboard box.  Haven't looked into it yet."  He glances at Sherlock.  "Can you please do that, Sherlock?"
Sherlock scowls.  "Do you really believe that Susan Cushing would come up with the elaborate idea, of trying to drive her own sister 'round the bend, to make her seem demented and ready for a care home, all by herself?"
Sherlock grabs a handful, letting it sift through his fingers.  He snatches a particularly shiny black stone and inspects it briefly.  Then he abruptly flings the pebble further down the beach, like he's attacking an invisible enemy.
"To hide something, presumably.  The ones in the shed hadn't been used in ages.  If he's used his tools anywhere but in the garden, a soil analysis might tell me where.  We'll see if there's enough mud on them.  We'll pick up the gardening tools in Croydon, then head straight to Barts."
After setting for the John redemption angle of the story I sought inspiration from the roundtable discussion on Three Patch Podcast,
It hadn’t stopped him from self harm, though. Before Mary. As in sleeping pills and too much alcohol.
"Nice!"  The dome is impressive at this height and rather short distance away.  John smiles to himself.  "It reminds me of the London skyline of the Thames Television ident on the telly back in the day."  He hums the short tune.
"No, no, I mean the wailing in the night, the noxious smells, the constant sleep deprivation, the never-ending interruptions…”
But this is more than enough, he thinks, because John is clearly cold, looking tense, with his shoulders drawn up to his ears.  He's still a bit tipsy, even after the exertion of walking nearly two miles on a pebble beach, and in good humour.
She gets up, almost making the chair tumble over. Paces the small kitchen. Runs water in the sink, puts two glasses and a jug of water on the table. It used to be a decanter of scotch.
“Well yes.” He’s not going to talk about his sex life with his sister. The memory of when she drunkenly set out to provoke him in their early twenties, by giving him unasked for advice on cunnilingus, is more than enough. Though he realises he might have spared himself a few breakups if he’d cared to listen to her then.
"Sleep," Sherlock says quietly.  "I've informed the innkeepers we're leaving tomorrow," he adds, and turns his back to John's.
“I didn’t want to fight you, I saw what you were going through. If Mary’s death taught me anything besides the terrible ramifications of being overconfident, it was that it made me see
"You could do well getting away from nosy reporters," John tries arguing.  "Go outside while the sun is up.  Not being accosted in public."
"Well that was a bit of a shamble," John offers in a clear attempt to break the silence.  "What now?"
He plays with John’s nipple, lavish licks and kisses, a hint of teeth, and now he slides down off the seat, kneels on the floor, a hand on each of John’s thighs. His curls seems darker than ever, hanging down in front of his eyes.
”If you want to see this as an eye for an eye, or a tooth for a tooth situation, which is ludicrous by the way, then let’s call what you did
He cringes internally. That word might never sit right with him. "I had a hard time accepting my sexuality,” he goes on before she says anything, before he loses his nerve.
John drags his thumb along the plump flesh. It’s soft and yielding. John is dizzy with tension, anticipation and dread. What if he pushes too far?
"Where are we?" Sherlock scoffs.  John isn't stupid, and not really that drunk anymore.  Sherlock's earlier suspicion has now turned into downright certainty, because John apparently has something up his sleeve.  "We're at the Marina, beneath the cliffs and the A259."
“I’m sorry about that. I didn’t know any other way to make you talk, make you say- something. It was a stupid idea. I was an idiot.”
John reluctantly accepts an invitation to go on a case with Sherlock. Luckily it’s not a high-adrenaline stake-out, but turns out to be a rather boring insurance fraud.
”Yes. Potentially. Theoretically. But I didn’t meet him until my last tour in Afghanistan. And before him, I just- dabbled, occasionally. Didn’t have the opportunity to get drunk enough to dare very often.”
Sherlock flies out of the room, compiling a list of melodies that might appeal to an infant as he goes.
"Hey!  Do you want to go out in public with half a beard?" John threatens, backing away from Sherlock's half-shaved face.
"Your idea about a treasure under the floor in the shed wasn't too far off the mark.  Only, it wouldn't be a treasure, but a curse.  We'd find its shoots, growing strong and already penetrating the floor, finding the tiniest cracks, eventually widening them.  Now, imagine this happening, not to your shed, but to your main house."
”Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson chastises. “Really. I may not have cared for any children, but you don’t have to be condescending. I was only trying to help.”
"There's nothing to know, John.  If you're worried about what happened this morning--just don't.  No need to worry.  You know what I'm like when I'm focused on a case."  Sherlock taps his forehead.  "It's the case, I promise.  Nothing more.  There's something I'm missing."
Sherlock obliges, and John unwraps the scarf.  The ice lollies have turned into goo in their packaging, no longer acting as a splint.
Sherlock soon returns.  He stops halfway up the slope, picking up something from the ground, then continues up, all grace and beauty.  He crouches down beside John, showing him his find.  It's an egg sized pebble split in half.
He was positively surprised by the effect Rosie had on him, when John first moved back in. It was calming, having a nap on the sofa with her, kissing her downy hair, inhaling her baby scent. The weight and warmth of her small body resting on his chest was even more calming. It made him able to relax, to zone out without necessarily turning to his mind palace.
“Nothing. She needs to jerk her limbs to strengthen her muscles. But it does look terribly uncoordinated.”
He glances at Rosie’s sleeping form when he goes through Mary’s clothes. Do motherless daughters want their dead mothers’ dresses when they grow up? Christ, she’ll not even remember her. In a few months she’ll have been motherless for half her life. And it will only increase with time.
But this, here? This Sherlock, who must be aware of the long lasting sparkling tension between them, who is sober and not confused by a ridiculous Rizla game, contrary to the last time they sat like this. This Sherlock, who now must know what John wants. This is home and familiarity and somehow safety. Safety enough to plough on and take that last step that’s been eluding him for so long.
"That's more personal than receipts," muses John.  "And a little bit more threatening, don't you think?"
“I could beat the hell out of you if I thought it would do any good. Don’t assume I can’t fight back. I’m not afraid of you.
John is lucky.  There's few customers in the pharmacy, so he manages to stay true to his word and is in and out in less than two minutes.  He grins at Sherlock when he returns with a pack of crepe bandage in hand.  When he's put it in the backpack, they make their way back to the beach.
"Yeah, I can see that."  John tries to zoom in on an interesting photo.  In a dark corner, on the top shelf of the bathroom cabinet, there seems to be several medicine boxes of the same type and pink label.  "You don't have any better pictures than this of the bathroom cabinet, do you?"  He flips the phone to show Sherlock.
"There's no hint of tremor in your hand," Sherlock observes.  "Your hands are only this steady in the face of danger."
Ah, there it is.  Just when his wishes seemed to be within reach, John decides to reach the crux of the matter.  Sherlock turns his attention to the bees once again, still gathering their nectar in peace, unaware of all that just transpired in their favourite spot.  This is what Sherlock's been dreading, but expecting. The friends-with-benefits arrangement.
John shifts his chair closer to Sherlock’s and stretches his leg across to rest his bare foot on the cushion, right beside where it dips under the weight of Sherlock’s thigh. He lets his toes work the buttery leather, reveling in the sensual feeling as it slides against his skin. Sherlock seems enraptured by the movement, a fine shine of sweat glittering off his forehead.
“Dada-dada-dada!” Rosie is returning at full speed. John grunts and brings their foreheads together, pecks Sherlock’s lips and puts his jacket over his crotch, just before Rosie throws herself into his lap, narrowly missing his sensitive bits. Sherlock sees his discomfort.
"We're in bloody South Croydon, we're already nearly one third of the way to Brighton.  There's a train station nearby.  I saw it from the cab."
Sherlock is in his pyjamas, lying down on the couch beneath a plume of cigarette smoke. He's wearing his silky blue dressing gown, splayed open, draped across the backrest.  Sherlock's been on edge ever since the shocking verdict of the Moriarty trial, and he's taken to chain-smoking indoors, too often.
The wind is whipping his hair in his eyes.  There's an insistent metallic clang in the air.  It's the clattering of hundreds of halyards beating against aluminium masts in the wind.  Sherlock feels an urge to walk out on the breakwater, just to get closer to the raging water, to feel the alluring power of the sea.
“Of course not. I was thinking we should do something about the damp in 221C. There’s room enough down there for both a proper laboratory and a honey extractor."
“You know I’m here for you to talk to,” Ella’s gentle voice interrupts his wandering mind. “To voice your thoughts, act as a sounding board.”
