----------And before they could say a word Sherlock leaves. A text alert came in the 4 of their phone at the same time, it’s John, he said to all of them to come to barths he has something important to say. Lestrade says, “There is more!!??…”-----------
Sherlock says: Trust me, John, it was not me John.. I would never have done this to you... I would never ever have hurt you this way, John... It was......
Other Sherlock:  yes sir..
He gets on one knee and said, "I know I am not an Angel, Not the best man or even the perfect person, I am a ridiculous, flawed, obnoxious, arrogant Drama-queen, who is incomplete without you. John you keep me right, you are the greatness in my flawed life, you are the best and the most real thing in all the dramas of my life. So, Dr. John Watson, Will you marry me?"
-------------------------------
John came within 10 minutes, he also said, I have 2 news guys, the good news is Sherlock and I are getting married. And the bad news is Sherlock is dying, And I know this, maybe you guys also know and was instructed not to tell me… but please guys don’t try to convince me that it’s not happening, remember I am a doctor, and I live with Sherlock. Off course I noticed the symptoms and then run some tests secretly and I know it’s happening, I was about to tell Sherlock, about to tell you guys, but I saw it in Sherlock’s eyes, an unspoken sadness, a different kind of passion when he is with me. I figured he already knew and he doesn’t want me to know and he wants to spend his last days with me happily, he wants to make every day special and all we can do is make him the happiest… So I decided that I am gonna be strong, I am not gonna let him know that I know, I am gonna let everything happen exactly as he wants, so I think you understand how important every single second is. We are getting married this evening, you guys have to arrange everything and this has to be the most special and the most beautiful day. Now I am gonna go and work on my vows … bye-bye… best of luck guys, start working…"
Sherlock heard his other version saying.. " Everything is going exactly as you planned Sir,... John Watson is being brutally tortured, and he thinks all of these were his friend Sherlock's doing... John Watson is alive, But he wishes he was dead... exactly how you wanted sir.." hearing this the other person turned and the Sherlock, standing behind the door saw the dangerous face of the devil,  glowing with the blood-red light... The face of James Moriarty... The Spider of the Center of the Criminal Web is BACK !!!...
And now time for your Christmas gift. He opened up a drawer and it was filled it stuffed handcuffs, Luscious nightdresses, sexy blindfolds, fragrant oils, and other pieces of equipment. John says, "it’s your day Sherlock… I am all yours...  use whatever you want, however, you want, take me Sherlock take me the way you want…" Sherlock says, “are you sure??” John nodded … And that was the signal…
Whatever..... You know it all...
Sherlock rushed inside the man’s house, shouting, “Where is she, Where is the woman?” the man was shocked, He said, “Excuse me, what are you talking about Mr. Holmes, there is no woman here.” Sherlock said, “I know she is near me, I can smell her. Where is she??... Well, you don’t touch anything near you just come with us to the police station, anything in your house can be deadly for you. Lestrade, take him to the police station, John, go with them, I’ll come soon after I find her.” I said, “No, Lestrade will go, I am staying with you. If you intend to find her, we will find her, but I am not leaving you alone, never. You hear me, I will be with you always. It’s always the two of us.” The man wore his Shoes and went with Lestrade, he made a small noise like a little bit of shouting in a small wound, while wearing his shoes, but Sherlock and I were busy, searching the house for her presence, and Lestrade took the man with him.
But as you all know John doesn’t know anything, and I don’t want him to know, at least not now, so nobody tells him, look happy around him, and as I don’t know when I’ll be dead, so you 4 will take care of him and Rosie after I die. That’s your responsibility after my death, now, before that, your responsibility is to arrange our marriage ceremony this evening. Now buckle up and start working. I gotta get out Suits. Bye-bye, guys best of luck."
But Moriarty comes into play, he pulled John aside from Sherlock, He said, “wonderful, exactly what I wanted, to burn Sherlock's heart, you did a wonderful job, Dr. Watson... But we are not finished yet, the final problem, the final round, the final elimination is here... Eurus, darling hand them their props please...” Eurus took 2 guns and gave one to John and one to Sherlock, Sherlock said, “There is only one bullet in these.” Moriarty said, “Oh, you will be needing only one.” “So, for the last stage, John and Sherlock one of you, have to kill the other one, If you don't.....” a door slides open while Eurus was talking, and Lestrade and Rossy tied up in 2 chairs appears. And laser guns were already pointed on them. “they die, they both, your Detective Inspector and daughter both die, if one of you doesn't shoot the other one now, Last chance of saving your loved ones, now you decide.”
We searched the entire house, but found nothing, though Sherlock kept saying that he still could smell her, I said, “We have to go home Sherlock, It’s late, Rosey is with Mrs. H. It’s not safe as the night is getting darker, we didn’t find her, we are not gonna find her, Let’s go.” I took his hand, came outside, stopped a cab, and got inside it with him.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
They came here before, they dealt with Eurus and Moriarty before, but this was totally different, they were scared, they were alone, all the people, that they love were in danger, The entire country was in danger, and they were completely alone, they even couldn't trust themselves, they have lost all faith even in themselves.
Moriarty replied... “well Sherlock I have already told you I will burn your heart...  I have placed a small gift in the hand of the person you two love and care the most... And if you don't hurry it will blow up with everyone you want to save...”
Suddenly John snatches the gun from Sherlock's hand and points it at Moriarty and screams in the loudest if his voice,.. “what did you do to Rosey you Bustard..” and pulls the trigger... But nothing happens... Instead of that 2 red lasers points shows up on both of John and Sherlock’s forehead...
“Well, that was straight... We have to find him...” says John… Sherlock asks, “yeah but how...” without letting him finish John says, “look Sherlock I don't know how is he still alive or how there are 2 of you and how is any of these happening... All I know is.. You are Sherlock Holmes... You have to figure it out... And I know you can... So tell me what can you deduce out of that Letter...”
John took Rossy from Sherlock’s arms in his arms, he was holding his daughter after a long time, tears of relief and joy come out from his eyes, a drop of his tears falls on Rossy’s cheek, Sherlock wiped that out from Rossy’s face, and decided to leave John and Rossy alone for sometimes, he was about to leave, John holds his hand and stops him, he said, “I am sorry Sherlock, for all that I said, I shouldn't have said those things, I am sorry.” Sherlock says, “It's ok, you didn't mean any of those did you?” John says, “No Sherlock, of course, I didn't mean any of those.” Sherlock gets up, and before leaving the cabin he says, “well I meant every word of it... Good night John...” He leaves... John whispers, “I know, I love you too. Forever and always.” Sherlock rushes back in the cabin, he says, “I am sorry, did you said something?” John says, “yeah you said, good night, and I said you too... That's all, you Idiot...” Sherlock says, “You Bustard...”  They both look at each other and smiles... Rosey starts giggling, Their world filled up with happiness again...
“You wanted to know who was the first one that I killed? By whom I started cleaning the city? It was my father, I killed him when I was 7. He always used to torture my mother, my mother killed herself because of him, he gave teenagers drugs so that they would get addicted, and this way he used to do illegal drug business, he used to rape little girls and sell them to the biggest cunts, who paid him the most, and one day he decided to use me for his businesses, but that night was his last night, I strangled him with a wire in his sleep until he was out of breath until his heart stopped until he was gone from my life forever.
Sherlock meets Molly and Lestrade and Mycroft and Mrs. H. at the top of barths… he says, "I have 2 news for you, the good news is Me and John is getting Married. So start preparing everything cause we are getting married today in the evening… I don’t know where and how, but it’s today, so hurry up guys. And the bad news is, I am dying, I am gonna be a dead body very soon. I had taken many drugs when I had bad days… you all know that and they were gonna affect someday you also knew that and they started affecting now, and almost damaged my kidneys and Liver so I am not for too long, Mycroft, Lestrade if you think it’s one of my drama, ask Molly She checked me. Molly was in Shock, she has been known all these for quite a while and as Sherlock’s last wishes he wanted her to do as he says… and tell no one about it, and she exactly did that. But suddenly Sherlock drops this bombshell without warning her, Lestrade and Mycroft and Mrs. H were looking at her at the same time. Slowly she says, Yes it’s all true, he is dying, he has 1/2  months or maybe less, and there is nothing we can do, except for letting him and trying to make his last days happiest.
Sherlock said, “Please please please sister we can play these games later, please let Rossy go, She is just a child, please don't do this to her, I am begging you sister, please, please Moriarty, just let john and Rossy go, I'll do whatever you want, please let them go.” He was kneeling down in front of the screen with Moriarty and Eurus's face on it, he was crying, he was begging to them for their lives. Moriarty said, “Its truly in your hand Sherlock, solve the case and free whomever you want, you have 2 minutes for this now, the time is less, the stakes are higher, feels like the next level come on work and it out, the clock is ticking remember... Tik Tik Tik Tik Tok Tok Tik Tok Tok Tik Tik...Tik......”  John said, “Ok Sherlock we have to be soldier, we have to save our daughter, come on get up, solve the case, and take her back from them.” Sherlock said, “I can't think about the case John what I can only think about is Rossy and you, I can't solve the case now.” “I'll help you,” says John... “The door of the bathroom was locked from outside, and the woman had her clothes on, so, she didn't go in the bathroom to take a bath, though she was in the bathtub, that's not why she was there. What does that tell you... Come on Sherlock work it out now...
Moriarty says... “yeah… Now I am bored with talking... Now I wanna see you two running... Now I wanna see you two dancing like my own puppets... So I am gonna go now... And I don't think you would do the mistake of coming after me and losing everything.......  Bye Sherlock... Bye, bye Johnny boy...”
“Finally you came...” said Moriarty... “Hi, Johnny boy..” he added...
It's a little big chapter, but also the best, hope you all will enjoy it...
It’s a beautiful evening of Christmas. Christmas in London is anyway beautiful, but this time it was extra special for John & Sherlock. Mycroft used his network to close 221B Baker Street, Mrs. H. did the arrangement of foods and for the guests inside Speedy’s Cafe... Lestrade decorated the entire street with Christmas Lights and Christmas trees the snowfall made it extra beautiful, feels like the stars are falling from the sky for the most special Lovers to be together… John was ready in his room, and Sherlock was in his, Molly prepared Sherlock mentally for this moment by always being there for him, and taking care of every little detail… She also found out the children of Sherlock’s “Holmes’s network” and arranged a beautiful musical piece with them for this evening… Mrs. H. came and took Rosy in her crib, and hold Dr. Watson’s arm, and walk him down to the aisle and Molly took Sherlock’s hand and walk him down to the aisle. They both stood their together said each other's vows. Mycroft handed Sherlock the ring and he puts it on John’s finger and Lestrade handed John the ring and he puts it in Sherlock’s finger… they Kisses… they got married… The children of “Holmes’s network” were playing the beautiful musical piece that they prepared and the happy couple was dancing… tears were feeling in Molly, Lestrade, Mrs. H., and Mycroft’s eyes… But John and Sherlock were so happy, they couldn’t stop smiling, they couldn’t take their eyes off each other… they were the happiest persons alive….
“yeah... That's what I meant... Intelligent... BAD.... and  Dangerous....” replies Moriarty... “Dangerous... Is the new Sexy..” He adds,  ... “ but I won't take the entire credit... As… I got help... Actually Holmes helped me....”
:-------From the Blog of John Watson-------:
-------------------------------------
John asks They ? as in __?...
John woke up this morning because of a commotion outside of 221 B Baker Street. He looked over the window with his sleepy eyes, The entire street was filled with reporters and the cameraman's from different channels, he grabbed his toothbrush, put it in his mouth, and opened his laptop, to see the news out there, and it's all over the internet. The breaking news is spreading in lighting speed, there have been Bomb Blasts till now, 101 blasts around England, thousands of people died, more than four hundred are missing, and the giant screens of the country showing one footage, Moriarty, saying, "There will be more and more... Cause your Favourite detective can't stop me. " The toothbrush fell out of John's mouth, He was in shock, He Screamed SHERLOCK...
He starts walking towards the room following the thin ray of the reddish light. As soon as he came near the room he heard 2 voices. And he couldn't believe his ears. One of the voice was his own. But how is that even possible ?!!!! The other voice was also extremely familiar It was the voice of his Arch Enemy  the criminal mastermind Moriarty. But how was that even possible ?!! Jim Moriarty shot himself in front of him on that rooftop. How can he be ALIVE ?!!! and How can there be 2 Sherlocks ?!!!
I said, “Wait, you mean the woman, You mean Irene Adler is back. And all of this is her doing. ” Sherlock said, “Yes John this is quite a re-entry of the Woman. The dramatic way as she always liked it.” Honestly, I was a bit jealous, seeing Sherlock this happy because of the re-entry of Irene Adler, I have no idea why... I said, “Well you’ll know, you are the one who has always been in love with her. You’ll know what your “The woman” liked, and what she doesn’t. You should know what she could do next and where she could go.”
Moriarty: I’ll be out for sometimes.. I have to set the stage for the next act... While you prepare the Character for the next act...   now move...”
Everett Ross woke up in the morning, naked next to naked Stephen strange… his mind was still in the beautiful dream that he saw last night… suddenly he comes up to his senses and asks, “Strange, what happened last night?? What exactly did we do??...”
Far away in the middle of the sea, John wakes up in a Ship, he opens his eyes, he saw Sherlock sitting right next to him, holding Rossy in his arms, he gets up, everyone, was there everyone, Lestrade, Mycroft, Molly, and Rossy and Sherlock and himself. Everyone was safe, far far away from the big bad world.
Sherlock said, "Ok the gun has silencer in it, so that makes its barrel really long, so to shoot from that long, the man has to pull his arm in a very high angle, and according to his sitting position, he has a bone problem, so it's not possible for him to do that to himself, so he didn't kill himself, so now who from the other 2 killed him, John any insight. " John says, "Look at the man's lips Sherlock, it's purple, like an effect of poison, but poison only make the lips purple, if the man was still alive, means he was poisoned before he was shot, " Sherlock said, "Excellent  John, that means his daughter-in-law killed him by poisoning him, cause his son had the license for the gun, and he had a plan to kill him using the gun, so he won't poison him, so first, his daughter-in-law poisoned him, and he was killed by that, then his son shot him, to confirm his death. That's it, and we solved it, now let them go, you promised."
Suddenly a gas started feeling out in the room, they couldn't see anything, they started chocking, for 3 minutes they couldn't see anything. After that, everything was cleared out, but as the Gas has cleared out, a few changes were done in the room, Rossy and Lestrade were not there anymore, it was just Sherlock, John, Moriarty and Eurus just 4 of them and a Bomb, in the middle of the room, and without wasting any time, Sherlock shoots aiming the Bomb. A huge blast happens, everything was scattered, and not even any sign of their body was left. everything finished.
John was shocked, he couldn't say a word, he couldn't understand why Sherlock didn't save Rossy? Sure Molly is a friend, but Sherlock let Rossy be in danger? How could he do that? How could he do that to Rossy? How could he do that to him? Sherlock took a step forward and freed Molly, a door slides open, and Molly went away from there, another door behind John slides open, and Sherlock came back grabbed John's hand and took him to the next room.
He's trying so hard to mask his pain it's nearly endearing. As though she's not taking the scars she left him with, unlacing John's stitches, reopening the wounds and dumping salt into them. As though she's isn't crushing him like he's made of glass, leaving him in shatters, broken in all the ways that matter.
It's strange, John feels like that sounds rather affectionate, but his smile falls and he looks away. It's all very unrealistic. He knows what that means. Fool me once, fool me twice.
Sherlock removes his hand from his and abandons his seat beside John, leaving the place where he touched vacant and cold. The comment hangs unanswered until it grows stale in the air. It was in vain that he'd hoped mentioning it would not kill the moment and interrupt the short-lived, blissful calm.
"Sherlock.. You look..."
"Tell me John, if your motives are so pure, then how is it you can't even face what you're doing?" he berates him, annoyed by John's lack of answer.
“Pleeeeease?” She whines, sounding like her age, and Sherlock is taken off guard by the sudden display of childish appeal.
"That is an excellent question John. You should ask him that."
you!" he snaps because there was a bloody difference.
"You were using yourself as bait."
And then the words come to him. "You are," he admits because his hand is forced and he can't have Sherlock thinking he's anything less, despite the glaring obviousness he's incriminating himself by saying things like this out loud. Normally he would have more reservations, speaking so blatantly on matters much better left unsaid. But now all he can think is 'please think anything but that-'
The creature sits perched amongst the asteroid belt of sea rocks, watching the human from a distance. He watches John wake, confused and disoriented after the brief spell of unconsciousness. It’s at a loss, clueless, struggling to make sense of anything.
“Just because it tastes normal doesn’t mean you didn’t put ricin in it,” she says.
“Please, I’m just concerned,” John replies testily and looks away. The multi-level complexes along the boulevard stream by with rain traveling down the curve of the window shield. Time ticks slowly. John’s hand twitches irresistibly.
And Sherlock, he assumes, is stunned speechless simply because John has actually, literally, physically hoisted him over his shoulder, in all his intelligence and intellectual supremacy, like a light-weight child or girl.
The next thing he notices is what’s become of his attacker, lying over sideways on the white tile with the contents of his skull blown out. It takes him a moment to piece it together, seeing the semiautomatic in the man’s left hand.
The room smells like dust in the air, and lumber in the hearth, and the fine notes of Sherlock's cologne. The warm glow of incandescent lamps chase out the clingings of autumn nightfall.
imagine me. You know so little of how much I— how I adore you, John, how could you do me justice?" Sherlock's eyes look desperate to try to get through to him, yet they also weigh heavy with something that looks strikingly like guilt, "You can’t even imagine me saying any of this, can you? You’re so infuriatingly stupid.”
“I’m curious to see what would happen if you ever encountered a game you couldn’t win-" As they’re moving simultaneously, their fingers touch by accident, sending a jolt up his spine. He retracts his hand as if he’s been burned, knocking over his own king in his haste. He struggles to quiet the sudden hammering of his heart and get ahold of himself. An irrational, visceral sensation had come out of nowhere and taken him over- a surge of panic that left him rattled and hardly able to think.
"He's never going to open his eyes again though," she says, looking down at her brother. John follows her eyes back to Sherlock, settling on his painstakingly familiar face, his gaunt features and wavy, black hair.
Greg covers the receiver to ask the person sobbing in the chair across from him to hold on for a second. Sherlock can tell by their jingly earrings that the person they came to fill out a missing report for is now long gone, their remains stuffed into a curbside sewer drain, but that’s not the reason he called.
John naturally stops at the sight of pain, but Sherlock takes advantage of his weakness and rallies, seeming intent on repeating this wash-rinse-repeat cycle over and over until he doesn't have any strength left. "What am I really to you, John?" he asks, something bestial and ravenous in his voice, "Have you been lying to me, about everything?" John has never seen him like this- it's nonsense. He's going to make John keep doing this until he's completely destroyed, reduced to a broken, damaged tangle of limbs on the floor, and John, with all his nerves of steel, doesn't have the grit for it.
Page 1 = arguing
"I-" Sherlock swallows, stunned speechless.
It wants to take him apart, like any other routine cadaver dissection for educational purposes, only
CHARMING, THANK YOU.
"One way or another, you all forfeit. Some cave to blackmail, others temptation," she purrs in his ear, as if either of those would work on him!
"Is it because of-" John ventures but Sherlock cuts him off.
before.
Sherlock issues a sigh. Although he's normally so fastidious about his appearance, he's allowed the ruddy rainwater is to seep into his clothes where he's crouched, giving him the awry appearance of the serial killer Sally and Anderson make him out to be. He looks like a parched vampire that got into a blood bank. "This is what I was worried about. This is the modus operandi of one of our worst home-grown serial killers. A Jack the ripper of the 20th century."
-deer in the headlights look goes to john
Intrepidly, he steps up and dives forward, piercing the water with arms aligned to a vertex.  There’s a brazen quality about him, nerves of steel. As he glides forward, froth torrents in a halo around his form for all underwater onlookers to see. He draws a stroke and then another, whiteheads clapping against his forefront. He uses his shoulder on and off and tries to compartmentalize the seeping pain.
And John is helpless to respond, never feeling quite as pinned down as he has now. The man feels no remorse, what means has John of explaining it to him?
“Gone,” Martin says.
Lifting a faint, vanilla scent into the air, the wind rustles the flowers at Sherlock's grave, which John decides have outstayed their welcome and trashes thoroughly with his boot. Someone behind him starts laughing.
“That’s better,” he smirks, because as far as he’s concerned,
"So the case files have a mind of their own now, do they?"
Sherlock flinches at the accusatory and unnecessary assault on his senses, ears ringing. John had a keen talent for diplomatic discussion; it really shown through here.
“Can we wake him up now?” Mary complains, hearing Sherlock enter the flat. She’s lying on her side next to John on the sofa, back turned, hands flattened together and placed under her ear like a pillow. John himself is lying on his good shoulder, having wedged himself into the cease of the backboard, clothed in day-old office attire and a tie he hasn’t bothered remove.
When his thoughts start to wander to what they might be doing that very moment, he throws aside the journal he'd coerced himself into reading with more force than is due and stands at attention. His fingers ache. He clenches and unclenches his fists. He hasn't the faintest idea what he was reading.
Who was the final A? He can’t afford not to know now. The full picture is coming into focus and it's too dangerous not to follow up on.
” he asks, facing her again.
"Sherlock-!" John remonstrates him, pinning him to the ground and trying to get him to come to his senses. His chest is heaving, his dark hair mussed and his fair skin burnt from the carpet's abrasion, as if someone struck a match against it. Then he becomes all smoothness and composure, the change is disconcerting.
"Are you daft? Do you think I'm kidding around with you? Is that it?" John says, his emotions getting the better of him, shoving Sherlock against the door. "Are you actually convinced that this is all well and good and perfectly within the lines of business? Are you really that stupid?" John demands, having lost his temper. He bores into Sherlock's quicksilver irises with such unfathomable envy, not caring in the slightest at how lovesick he must look. It's physically impossible for him not to covet every unattainable piece of him and he's helpless to keep the green-eyed monster at bay. "This is why I went to Mycroft. You're completely
"We don't kill criminals, we bring them to justice. If you went out and killed her I'd have you arrested for it."
Something in him twists past breaking and snaps, and then he's turned to her, blurting things out blindly without even thinking. "That is
“It was more of an accident,” he amends.
who I got married to.”
"So what if I run out of ammo?"
“No John don’t--“ Sherlock stammers, breath catching with rising concern.
“What’s sex?”
Mary: So you monitor John 's Listerine usage.
A Study in John Watson: The (Slightly Obsessive) John Report
He sits with his back uncomfortably pressed to a wall of rock, registering his surroundings and getting his bearings. Daybreak. The island shore beckons a few kilometers away, skirted by a tame, deep blue sea. Gentle waves rock the shore beneath the coursing wind, which plays at his disheveled grey hair.
"She told you that?" Mycroft asks with a raised eyebrow, looking surprised that she would tell him something like that.
John goes and visits the newly resurrected grave, which is staged with freshly-laid Calla lillies. "How trite," he comments, toeing the petals.
Mrs. Davenport makes a beeline for the alcohol, which was brought out early, given the excruciating circumstances of the wedding, and John follows suit. As Ms. Davernport passes them she eyes Mary with unbridled indignation, nostrils a-flare, jaw screwed taught, shoulders visibly tense. Mary regards her vitriolic glare with comical innocence.
As always, please give kudos and comment if you like it!!
Again, it seemed to John, he was the source of Sherlock's pain.
I love the poem To A Stranger, so when it idea came to me I HAD to use it.
His fingers clicked away at the keyboard for an hour, partly because there was so much to write about, and partly because John was a slow typist: he pressed one key at a time with his index finger, and anyone who thought that was comical could go fuck themselves.
For a moment there was silence, and then laughter and tears and applause. Mrs Hudson clapped the loudest, saying that the Holmes always gave the best speeches to which everyone laughed.
This is about Molly, her relationship with Sherlock. I also wanted her to let go a little, and so this is what it is about.
It had increased greatly in frequency over the last few days, and every little thing that either said would somehow end up offending the other.
, John thought,
John gulped, sending a silent prayer to whoever it was that was looking down at them from the heavens. This man had no business saying things like that with
"I-- I didn't do this Harry. I swear I have no idea what this is." John spoke, examining the contents to get some clue of who it was that had sent this. In the envelope there was a thin piece of paper, a receipt of some charges, made to a person by the name of M. Holmes.
"She's your daughter, mom and dad." Your voice is a plea, John, like you're asking them to consider the fact.
Of course, for John, all the deductions had lost their relevance in the face of one of them.
John however, didn’t. his brain was fixed on one word. “Rosie. My daughter.
John was going good now, and smiled at Sherlock at this progress. Sherlock smiled back, perhaps a little weakly.
As if she'd read his mind, Mary broke into a grin. "That's right! Time to practice kissing."
"For fuck sake Sherlock, you know what I mean. You
"You- you really think so?" His voice had a tinge of fear in it, but he looked remarkably unaffected, though John knew where to look for the signs, and saw that Sherlock was surprised that anyone could consider him to be a good man.
Sherlock feigned breathing out loudly, “Thank goodness! Honestly, I couldn’t care more.” “Shut up you git!” they laughed in unison, and something of the knot in Sherlock’s stomach seemed to have eased slightly.
Nonchalantly, he had turned a page as John entered, and somehow that ticked him off incredibly.
Sherlock looked a bit uncomfortable, so John squeezed his arm lightly.
name, isn't it fair that I know yours?" John waited with a small smile, sliding his tongue over his lips.
And if you like the story, please leave kudos or comments or constructive criticism!!!!
He liked- no loved Sherlock.
Cameras went off at a wild rate as they pushed their way through the crowd to a car parked not a metre away from them. People shouted their names, shouted questions to grab their attention. Someone shouted homophobic slurs from behind them, but there was no time to react to any of it.
"Well you live with another man and are presumably raising a child with him, you are obviously attracted to him and he returns the emotions, from what I can see. Therefore I assumed that you are in a relationship, though the length of it and the intensity of your emotions suggested married."
I open the door silently, but only slightly, so that I can hear what they are arguing about.
Mrs Hudson talks to you, excitedly, her eyes gleaming with happiness, and I can see that she is thrilled at this. You and him. And you, you are thrilled too. More than thrilled. Ecstatic, I should say. You are smiling, grinning, like a complete idiot, and there is a flair in the way you hold yourself, as if you are proud of something. You stand taller when you introduce me to Mrs Hudson. A warm feeling floats into my chest. Everything that I've gone through seems to be worth the pride in the way you look at me.
He went up to Sherlock, who was, unassumingly trying to get Rosie to calm down, and taking his face in his own hands, pulled him into a kiss.
They never spoke of it again for a long time.
And yes, they're going to watch that beautiful night unfold before them!!
He drummed his fingers in an unsteady rhythm on the armrest, trying to chuckle and failing badly as he rambled, "Right then, that's good. Great. Er, have you had anything this morning? I'm sure you haven't. I'll just make us a cuppa then."
Anyways, John knows Sherlock so well( taking about both Johns here)
daughter I considered her to be, but obviously I was wrong.”
“No, it’s okay.” Sherlock spoke, turning to face John, “It felt quite good. Is this what couples do to each other John?”
When he finally came to, he found himself in a large room, his vision hazy and his mind foggy, his mouth completing the word he'd lost halfway through.
John meets Mycroft and discovers an incriminating detail that Sarah remembered about last night.
John was still for a moment. He had forgotten that Sherlock was listening too,and now the lanky git was reading snippets from his blog! "Give me that! How did you get to it so quickly?" John snatched at the phone in vain, blushing horribly.
Anderson snorts. "Fancy he's the one who did this? We know he's got a thing for Watson here. Maybe he finally decided to step out of the closet," he jeers, throwing his light and taking stock of the God-awful mess. When his halo of light finds John, the expression on his face is not quite so comical.
“I swear! It’s in every fairytale known to date- don’t you read?” Mary asks, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. He switches over to news when the reports run dry, re-immersing himself in the mobile version of The Standard aka the ongoings of the stupid people.
"That's not what- wait,
"Knowledge and power are two different things, Mr Holmes," she says, sounding as if she might tag on a
As he ambles downwind in the pursuit of more shipwreck material, trying to balance on a trail of step stones to a further patch of shoreline, he looks again. This time he doesn’t feel quite so hurried to look away, because it’s obvious the creature has made the greater transgression, still staring at him like that, always staring at him like that.
“Our wedding was not—“ John stops, then corrects himself. “
“Please don’t leave,” he says again, all watery eyed and Sherlock can only smirk in amusement.
“How can you not remember?” he turns back around to face Greg, “October 9, 2007 at 15:24 a John Doe was pulled from the river near Battersea powerhouse, one shot to the head, no personal effects other than some wet matches and a short-circuited USB drive.”
“He’s only human,” Sherlock remarks factually, directing his insight to the wall, “You can’t expect him to be perfect.”
"Dr. Watson, here is the chart for Harrison Wilcox, room 4," one of the attending RN's says once he returns, handing him a file, "Also, one of your patients, Lauren Urban called requesting a refill for the lanzoprazol medication you prescribed..."
“There’s no case file for that number. It’s not in evidence lock-up,” Greg says.
"But how could she possibly bring him back? He's dead," John says, if only to state the obvious.
"Because your suspect is using means of extortion and corruption to exert pressure on the authorities in attempt avoid a life-time sentence in jail, where she rightfully belongs!" John blurts out, frankly shocked that it's not obvious. He realizes he's let his temper get the best of him from the way the walls ring with his voice. They've gotten multiple complaints from the neighbors about their too-frequent domestics and Mrs. Hudson constantly has to remind them to keep it down.
“Lemme grab your file here. So what are you in for?” He says, leafing through his file.
He swallows, quiets his breathing, and ties to make himself stop shivering. He strains his eyes to see through the opaque water and vaguely distinguishes some shadowy movement, a few fin flails, trailing around him in circles, indeed like a shark.
-?! " Whose side did Sherlock think he was on?
“That’s an arbitrary and unfounded accusation."
John is so beside himself, he has no words. "You're lying. Take it back, Sherlock," he whispers. Sherlock irreverently tries to push him off, at which point John loses all restraint, slamming Sherlock's back against the floor. Sherlock chuckles.
“Like I thought. Your toast is suspect.” Mary concludes and slides off the chair onto her feet.
John jogs up the stairs. Upon looking up from the mail he's grabbed from the foyer (which he fears contains an overdue TV bill), John catches Sherlock Holmes at the base of the steps coming down from John's bedroom, his hand sliding down the banister. John says Sherlock Holmes, because the one word
“No I left mine down here, somewhere…” Mary mutters, venturing over to the breakfast table, littered with the mail, some Tescos receipts, Sherlock’s daily uneaten toast.
“Sherlock- what-” he stammers, confounded. There are a few spare moments where he tries to piece together what Sherlock is doing, with his hands around his shoulders and nose against his neck, but he’s interrupted.
"You can't do this." But Sherlock fails to register it's not an objection, but an ultimatum. He starts to move forward, but John stops him in his tracks, capturing him by the forearm. "I won't let you." Sherlock falls back a step, taken off guard.
"Oh please, John," Sherlock scoffed, actually
Something, no, he recognizes it perfectly well-- the chimera, lays nestled along the dunes, slumbering in broad daylight. It looks oddly human from the waist up, lying on it’s stomach with forearms braced above its head like an idle sunbather. Seeing it a mere few paces away, much too close for comfort, it occurs to him that perhaps he should back up, when its eyes flicker open and the glowing green irises that make John’s heart stutter lock onto him.
“No John,” Sherlock resumes in triumph,“to be someone’s father you actually have to be their father, if that makes sense.  A father is a
Sherlock lets out a strangled cry of frustration, then turns on his heel, returning to his machinations in the kitchen. John doesn’t want to know what he’s doing in there.
“I think I did. I didn’t want your parents to boycott too.”
“Don’t be stupid," Sherlock snaps in an odd duality of harshness and fondness, "I am not a figment of your imagination and you know it because you love me, not the monsters in your head. You know it because you
things. I saw myself in that bloke Ben. I saw myself die.”
“Thank you Clara. And Harry,” he tags on reluctantly. Clara smiles and Harry smirks.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Greg asks, genuinely concerned, however the only response he gets is the backend of the door.
“So you’re aware of it, then. The… de ja vu,” he says playfully, like he's finally gone off the bend.
“Yeah,” Nigel retorts snottily. He eyes her askance, not seeing her point.
, which, in retrospect, was not a smart thing to do when John was this angry. "Don't make me laugh. You'd never go through with it," he'd said, convinced that committing to a lifetime of grotesque experiments, unwarranted verbal abuse, and boredom-induced tantrums was too daunting an endeavour and too horrible a prospect for any rational human being to take on, which probably, for all intensive purposes, is true. His mistake, of course, had been that John wasn't thinking rationally. That Sherlock made him positively
He releases Sherlock's collar which he hadn't realized he had grabbed, and shakes his head, defeated. "Damn it, Sherlock. You don't understand. I-" John looks down at him, wanting to call him so many things,
"What do you take me for, an imbecile?" he asks, not giving John the chance to confirm it, "Oh please, John save it. You just want to have me to yourself, for your own perverse purposes-" he's upset, cutting himself off and looking away.
SHERLOCK: OF COURSE NOT. JOHN, HOWEVER.. (HE THINKS HE’S NOT GAY)
; but he knows he has to say something. And it's best to catch Sherlock when he's in one of the upswings of his mercurial nature, rather than the alternative.
"Lipstick," Sherlock informs him, and John's annoyance takes a backseat to surprise.
"And what is that?" he asks, barely able to trust his voice to respond.
John smirks, like hell he is. "That's funny, because he's not an organ donor," he snaps and tries to elbow his way past the resident into the ICU double doors, where nurse attempts block his way, "I'll be damned if I let him get away with this again-"
He knocks Sherlock down as he tries to escape and captures his wrists at his sides, holding him down against the hardwood floor. "Sherlock..." he says. Looking down at his flatmate, the horrible reality of what he's doing comes into vivid focus. If Sherlock were to happen upon the signs of struggle as part a case- the state of the furniture in disarray, the scuffs on the floor, or the ripples in the carpet- he would probably deduce some sort of brutal domestic violence scene had occurred. "This isn't what it seems like. This isn't what I.."
A dark-haired mermaid lounges drearily on the sea floor, arms outstretched, tail dusting the sand, and stares up into the undulating patterns of diffraction criss-crossing on the surface. The light sweeps over his pale skin, bathing him in strips of alternating brightness and darkness. He closes his eyes and listens the static in his ears, fringe sifting idly above his black lashes in the vague current.
“I don't want you to see her again,” John says, finally managing to wrestle out a sentence.
He calls for him to wait, reaching for his shoulder, when suddenly the caped man turns and grips him by the neck with a gloved hand, slamming the soldier back against the stone wall. The soldier looks back at him with wide, startled eyes, completely taken off guard when after a couple months on the war-torn front he'd thought he'd seen everything. As the gaslight glances off his form, the soldier can see he has the ethereal complexion of a ghost, like he's never seen the light of day. What's more, he looks like something that walked out of the last century, a Victorian blouse with a ruby-pinned cravat beneath his vest.
"Wait-" John starts, instinctively knowing that going unarmed to distract people with semi-automatics is not a good idea.
Sherlock: Behind closed doors, I suspect he does.
John looks at him scathingly, as if to ask
"It's not very complicated, John. In restraining
The slow way it rises onto its forearms is decidedly feline and the lion-like resemblance doesn’t exactly help with the feeling like he’s on the wrong side of the fence at the zoo.
And there it is, that sinking, nervous feeling, the unmistakable and unforgiving pull of gravity taking over.
John: GIVE me that, you blinking moron.
Mesmerized by the pair of them as they come into full view, John saunters forward until he comes to a still in the doorframe, light reddening the breast of his waistcoat, the mélange of grey and copper in his hair. He shifts his weight against the wall and watches, looking genuinely flummoxed at the sight of them.
"This was a mistake," Sherlock states simply, retrieving the file, "Sorry for wasting your time."
Mary puts the sugar on the counter and scampers over to her father, checks his pulse and shrugs. Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow in consternation. He races over to check his pulse, two fingers flying to his jugular. John's pulse isn't quite as elevated as Sherlock's, but normal, all the same. He sighs half in relief, half in annoyance he actually fell for that, and Mary flashes him a cheeky grin. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
Sherlock heads for the door but John cages him in between his body and the wall, leaving him no escape. Sherlock looks at the perplexingly temperamental expression on John's face in confused impatience. He doesn't have time for this.
By the end of the afternoon, John has been so drugged with an insufferable dosage of sexual frustration from the creature’s unnerving watch, when he notices it waiting for him only a few feet from him in the shallows, it’s as though he’s been possessed to come closer. He yearns to touch it, just to see if it’s real, to hold it, to have it. He thinks maybe it’s something about those compelling eyes, that glow like abyssal jellyfish. Tenuously, he takes a step, and then another into the wash of waves. Part of him can’t believe he’s actually walking
Benedict takes the script and runs over it. It doesn’t take him long to object. “You’re turning the show into a
Her eyes rove over him unapologetically as if she could undress him with a look. They not-very-subtly come to rest on his mouth.
“You look like chick bait.”
"It’s a stunt, Rose," he replies, with the wise, slightly impatient tone most parents take on when they are explaining life to their children, "It’s what psychopaths do. Keeps them entertained."
And when he did, he told himself he didn’t care the nearest Sainsbury’s was 1.2 kilometers in the
“Aren’t you?” She looks worried.
"Just trying to see if I can make you trip," Mary informs him cheekily, though her hazel expression is completely innocent.
"Anderson?" Lestrade says, asking Anderson to confirm since reading raw DNA analysis is not his territory, it's Anderson's.
“You’re in love with him, do you understand?” She interrupts, attempting to dumb it down so that even he can understand, but it's all too apparent that no, he does not. She would be shaking him by the shoulders if her hands weren’t occupied, “Not all the satire in the world can mask that, so quit pretending you don’t and don’t laugh—” she says, getting worked up because he's smiling like a cheshire cat.
And the fact that Ajay had had a USB drive with the initials A-G-R-A on it- there was something troubling about that. It was the beginnings of a pattern- something vague, something just starting the take form, something he’s just beginning to grasp. A for Ajay, G for Gabriel, R for Rose.
Regardless of how many victims just like Sherlock he'd handed over to the police, he hadn't a clue what it was like. If he's honest with himself he's remarkably ill-prepared for this kind of grief. It's excruciating and there's no prospect of closure- just the constant, nagging anxiety that the same thing might happen again. He clenches teeth, holding back a sob, and tries not to tear his hair out.
“You said family.”
He closes the door and places the milk on the countertop, where she retrieves the carton and blandly pours its contents into the bowl. John has returned to the cabinet and shuffles through the assortment of cereal boxes.
“-like that..” Mary trails to a stop, stunned by the sudden bluntness of the interruption.
, Ben,” he shakes him by the shoulders, “ You lead this normal life with a normal car and a normal house and a normal job and then you see how it could all be gone in a second and then.. you
Mary clears her throat and speaks to John’s earlier comment. “But you seem to be in a better mood dad,” she says, largely to derail John’s attention from Sherlock’s remark. But John is already distracted.
"I don't have time for this," Sherlock dismisses him, rising to his feet. And again, that dangerous cord is struck as he's heading toward the door, that line John cannot let him cross, even if John has to cross several lines himself.
Sherlock rolls his eyes in incredulity and lifts his head. “Don’t be silly,” he says in exasperation and corrects her emotively, “He hates your
There's an awkward silence. "I'll get back to you on that," Sherlock decides and proceeds to walk around him. But John purposefully moves in front of him, catching him off guard, and he has to back pedal to avoid face-planting into John.
It yanks and tears at his heart strings, hearing that plain and simple fact laid bare. The one thing he knows all to well but can't bring himself to accept.
“Oh, don’t do that,” she says in exasperation, rising to her feet.
“Is that my tea?” John whines, leering at the beverage clasped in Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock looks at John’s heartbroken expression and seems genuinely fazed.
John can’t stop staring at the two of them, replaying the memory in his head, and seeing Sherlock in the same spot doing the same thing twenty years later. It’s as though lightening has struck twice.
https://youtu.be/rNsgHMklBW0
"Rather than tell you how I did it, how about I show you?" she offers and she feels a shiver run through him. He's barely able to hold his rampant, irrational panic in check at the words, yet he manages to look at her again, a herculean feat in itself.
He knows her next move before she lifts her hand: the diagonal sweep of her queen across the board. Having grown impatient waiting for this final move, he fails to wait for her to finish, jumping the gun. Without even thinking, his hand reaches over hers to enlist his knight in a unescapable check-mate, sealing their fate.
“Dad, please—!” she raises her voice.
Against the pull,
Didn't he know better? It was an unspoken rule. Never, never upset the feminists.
The sun ascends overhead as day break turns to mid morning, white rays bearing down on the dry, barren landscape, and the beach opens into a bay with cliffs looming in the distance. He approaches the waterline and glances over a bluff obscuring the bank, where he sees something breaking the waves. Squinting in the light but unable to discern what it is, he moves toward it, boots peddling in the sand for traction.
Mary: Yes.
John feels a touch of awkwardness at the intimacy of it,
And gradually the surrounding crowd begins to chant in approval, “Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight.”
“Oh, come on. You can tell me. It can't be more embarrassing than how my flatmate broke his sternum.” John reviews the memory in his head with some consternation, “Or…tried to anyway."
. "You're not listening to what I'm saying."
“But we can’t let anyone know that,” he includes as an addendum.
"It's a really straightforward series of steps,” Sherlock explains, looking down at their feet as they step to the waltz, “How something so simplistic it's thought to be romantic is beyond me, but there you have it.” He looks up, meeting Mary’s forest green eyes.
“If you insist,” she sighs like he's being tiresome.
"Didn't you get the news?" he asks Sherlock, "Case has been closed."
For your reading pleasure:
"Something like that. Except for one marked difference," he says, presiding over the body with an air of pensiveness. John presumes he means the gender of the victims, which is admittedly unusual. Even though in some circumstances it had been difficult to tell, forensics confirmed all the bodies had, indeed, been male.
“Wait, wait. I wasn’t aware- has this been finalized? They signed over the rights?”
Sherlock releases a sigh of frustration as her hands recede from his waist. So close.
"Chopin and maggots don't really go well together," John says, cracking a pained smile. It's not exactly a mystery, why Sally thinks he's a total freak honestly. Sherlock's smirk breaks a number of laws, rules, and regulations regarding proper conduct and common decency. Looking at that smile, John thinks that he might actually be the devil.
Sherlock doesn't know what she's going on about and his eyebrows furrow petulantly. "If I always ran the other way when someone cried murder how could I possibly do my job? And I don't think you're a rapist, I know."
“But you don't disagree,” Sherlock points out.
"Quite frankly, yes-" Sherlock says, actually glad he asked.
Is just…
“He’s working.”
Deep breaths. Use your words, John.
"You were emotionally abused by your brother and you think you understand that, do you?" she enquires, completely out of the blue. He has no idea how she could have known that, something he'd never told anyone. What's worse is that it's true. The bedrock for all his convictions on the downfalls of emotion had been due to the influences of his brother, who had gone through the pains of proving it to him, the hard way.
“Well, it’s of little use here, John, as my memory deletes everything that’s irrelevant.”
? Sleep with
“I didn’t want you to hear anything,” Sherlock says, his voice a grey, lackluster monotone. John swallows a lump in his throat, trying to bury the burning desire to demand
They're arguing. Sherlock is arguing with Mary. Either they are both hallucinations or Sherlock... is not.
“What is he doing here, if he’s not my dad?” she demands, throwing a hand out toward Sherlock in indication,
“What’s his
“He’s being stubborn," Mary explains.
“What for? It’s entirely his fault if he wants to be a jerk, not yours," she replies a little too harshly, then checks herself and resumes listlessly, " Forget him. It’s better he isn’t here.”
Finally, in resignation, he says, "I'm not what I used to be to you anymore.”
"Well then, do with me what you want. I can't stop you," he says matter-of-factly, "My vainglorious intellect, with all of its powers, won't help me here."
The realization hits him, makes him feel hot and cold at the same time. He can't move, frozen in that one spot, his breath catching in his throat. He stands like that for a while, numb not from the freezing cold but from shock.
“I can’t believe this.” Sherlock grumbles and swerves around the threshold, down the steps.
“She didn’t want to waste money on a gown. I’m not intentionally doing it John, it’s just happenstance,” Sherlock explains defensively.
Sherlock stiffens, irises contracting as though he's been unceremoniously stabbed, "I beg your pardon?” Sherlock demands with a vengeance, rolling over with a grip on the frame of the sofa, “Don’t be inane! I do not falsify facts to win over
"Seven bodies in just three days. Freak's got to be jumping for joy right about now," Sally says, holding a flashlight and trying not to get any of the crime scene nastiness on her new, hard-earned boots. What meets their eyes is not exactly a pretty sight, where multiple lacerations to the body have made for a grizzly, if not decorative display of human fluids.
"There are
When he retrieves the coin piece, it occurs to him it's unlike any currency he's ever seen, inscribed in a foreign language with a royal crest, and dated with the year 1868. It appears to be made of solid gold and of an alarming monetary value to leave behind-- enough to buy them all several dozen rounds. But rather than join his mates and plunge head-first into another celebratory bender, the soldier is lured outside by the mystery of the man who had seemed so strangely out of place.
“It was
in my deduction about Irene’s laughably ‘uncrackable’ airliner code (and I
"No." It's the
He checks his pocket and draws out Harry’s old Nokia 97.
Sherlock glances at the tea, then regrettably parts with the mug, restoring the beverage to its rightful owner. Mary raises an eyebrow, watching the interaction with the two of them making over-soft eyes at each other, and, rather surprisingly, the tea, until Sherlock resumes the conversation.
Mary: You wouldn’t- you wouldn’t happen to have a graph, would you?
“What does that have to do with me?"
“You ok?” Mary asks.
“Mary, those things don’t make him your father.”
"Sherlock, you're here.. at four in the morning," Lestrade remarks, less than thrilled when Sherlock torpedoes into his office.
John continues, fixated on his task, and the creature watches in complete awe of human frailty, observing the building mystery accumulate bit by manageable bit. His mind reels at the thought of how something so fragile can function. It had
"Well, excuse me for worrying!" He huffs and spins on his heel, coattails disappearing out the door.
“What do you want with her?” Sherlock asks, though there still a disconnect between him and the words, like he's hearing his voice echo back from the other end of a telephone.
“Wait.” John had finally cracked, his voice broken, and Mycroft had turned, seeing his conflicted face.
He ends there, with a slowness on the last consonant. John feels like it sounds bizarre, yet vaguely beautiful, and can’t discern precisely why. Gradually, he realizes, it’s because he’s gotten the iambic pentameter right, so that it sounds like a beating heart. He might have thought it strange, if glimpses of the two of them dancing together weren’t stranger, growing increasingly stranger, reminiscent, prophetic, as he approaches. His feet are lagging slightly, hesitating, and everything drags to a slow, feeling unreal like a dream, a distant memory.
,” John turns on him and growls, very touchy, then proceeds toward the kitchen to make breakfast. Sherlock is in his way, and since he seems intent on being annoying this morning, stays in his way. John is stalled and backpedals, then bristles, trying to contain his annoyance. He gives Sherlock a dirty look and shoves past. Sherlock eyes him cheekily as he goes.
“Now, Mary," he chides her, "Are you really going to accuse me of joking when I’ve just poured my heart out to you?”
They're walking around a corner when suddenly bullets fire from the opposite end of the hallway.
“Yes, why?” Sherlock smirks to himself, drawing a jar of strawberry jam out of the deceptive container.
“Wiggins overdosed two years ago," she regrets to inform him and Sherlock scowls.
“Explain your reasoning,” he says and Mary looks surprised, even confused he’s asking such an obvious question.
Sherlock travels to his chair, touching his fingers against the armrest. John sits still, deeply introspective, until eventually he returns Sherlock concern with a difficult admission.
“Um." The boy's eyebrows converge confusedly, as John's request seems to have placed him in a slight predicament. He raises one arm tentatively, unable to use the other, and hesitates removing his shirt awkwardly.
"It's about Sherlock."
He touches his wrist and it burns ice-cold, his fingers coming away with frostbite.
"Or would you have me kneel down and tell you how I'm sorry, how I regret everything, how I would give anything to have you back? Something along those lines?"
"It means between me and a bloody case, you care more about the case. You care more about the bloody work than anything else-" John snaps at him, unnecessarily hand-wavy and over-empatic, as he usually gets when Sherlock has done something heinously wrong. "Because that's what you're really married to, isn't it? Everything else is just an
“It’s not a good thing— in my profession Sherlock,” John informs him, whipping off his raincoat.
Sherlock catches her seated on the floor by the beside, face-planted into the duvet, arms crossed in front of her over the linens. She has finished getting dressed, as what Sherlock was likely waiting for, in an embroidered, iridescent-beige wedding dress. Her flaxen, shoulder-length hair interweaves with the wrinkles in the bedclothes and shields her face from view.
not good for you.” Sherlock’s reflective eyes redirect intently to his flatmate seated across from him on the leather settee. John is leaning forward with his elbows resting on his Uniqlo jeans, hands open and extended, gesticulating as he arranges his thoughts. “If you stay here I know I will take it out on you, I will drag you down with me and I will make you miserable. You will never hear me say that I'm sorry, or grateful, and she will most definitely drive you up the wall.”
“I don’t know, I thought perhaps you could tell us!” Sherlock reciprocates with equal exasperation.
something a…
"Do I? I can't be sure it's not ‘Bolero’," John says that funny like he has no idea what that is, because he really doesn’t. Sherlock looks amused with him, possibly because he’s god-awful at Spanish.
Just as Sherlock was about to lose what patience he had and make his presence known, John unexpectedly slipped into a shop on the mall strip and disappeared from view- that is, before Sherlock could corall the man into a corner and make him stop doing things that didn't bother him at all. Sherlock looked up and saw that the storefront read Sainsbury’s. It was the local version, conspicuously larger in comparison to the Sainsbury’s metro located 1.2 km from their flat. And somehow it just happened to be located right next to the Diogenes. Perhaps he would have known this, possibly, had he ever gone grocery shopping himself.
little mermaid, adorable, sing-song, nonthreatening, not this creature with glowing green eyes and metallic scales and canines that could tear a person apart. The way it lurks in darkness, obscured by the depths, vanishing in and out of visibility, is like something out of
His mind scrambles to think what it could mean by that kind of look, his eyes frantically searching that blaze of emerald green, but part of him knows he’s playing stupid, trying to contain the gnawing feeling that he already knows what it wants, all too familiar with that kind of look to not recognize it when he sees it.
Needless to say they got escorted out by security. John finds it all sublimely convenient.
“She didn’t do that, I did.”
“Please,” Sherlock scoffs at the laughable idea, “Don’t you know me? Do I strike you as that kind of
“That’s strange. I have this odd craving for jam—” he says with some consternation, as jam is typically a breakfast food.
"You don't want to hear it, you choose to ignore it, but the only reason he's ever shot a gun was because there was another pointed at you."
He’s distantly aware of the words coming from his mouth, his nails digging into his palms as he watches the interaction. She’s toying with him, marking him as hers in front of John so as to leave no question of ownership. John shakes is head. No, the idea of it, that he belongs to her, is obscene.
John contemplates the awkwardly-phased question with a thoughtful look at the ceiling, chewing his cheek. “Let’s aim for PG,” he decides with a confident smile.
After a while, he brings himself to look at Sherlock. He wearing an unremarkable, generic uniform that is very unlike him- a pain white jumper with a barcoded sleeve and vest pocket and a pair of white sweatpants. He's pale as death, but looks otherwise unchanged, sharp features, dark raven hair, and all the things Molly described as wicked-beautiful.
Like this:
The door to the flat slams closed and John dumps his keys on the mantle with an angry clang, summoning Sherlock from his chambers. The sleuth emerges from the bedroom corridor in his sapphire dressing gown and pyjama bottoms, looking very pleased to see his favorite doctor, despite the ungodly hour displayed by the timer on the microwave.
“I was at an intersection, right? Just stalled, waiting for the light. The bloke in front of me completely totaled by some midday drunk who ran a red.”
Now where would a John think to hide something precious to him…? Sherlock notices the fine print on a yogurt tub that’s designated expiration date is three days past due. He opens it. Child’s play.
“I don’t know. I don’t know. If you leave again I—“
“Is this what you want her to think? Is this how you want her to remember Mary?” John asks, rising to his feet and turning his attention to his daughter.
have to watch you second guess yourself every time you think about touching me," he says, clearly hating to be forced to say this out loud. As if the sudden pang of guilt for asking Sherlock what he didn't realise was an unfair question weren't enough, Sherlock veers on him with a dark, accusatory look that he is wholly unprepared for.
He heads further upwind, until inevitably he’s confronted with barren, eroded cliffs resisting the battery of chaotic waves. He stalls and looks out into the horizon. Just off the continental shelf the water is patterned with the scaly textures of underwater seaweed forests, which would be easy to dry and burn instead, but he humbly opts out of another venture into the waves.
"You want to know how I did it?" she returns to the subject of the interrogation, finally addressing the question he'd so badly wanted to know, the one he'd staked himself on. "Really, it had nothing to do with strength..." She touches his face as if he were made of delicate, rippable paper and he goes still. The touch invokes the memories of what she did to him, and when they resurface, force him to relive the vivid, lurid details of he night before last. But he refuses to reveal how much he hates the gesture by resisting, which would be an admission of weakness. "...And everything to do with weakness."
“They need not be reiterated because they are always there, always in supremacy to what you think or say, always in triumph over our petty little debates of who loves who and what matters to what; so you are freed of the need to repeat yourself into oblivion, John, because
“Two o’clock,” he replies.
"It drives me insane how you gamble with your life!" John yells in a tortured voice. Sherlock scowls at the nonsensical anger in his eyes- after all, it was his life, and not John's, wasn't it?
"What are you doing with her?" John demands, capturing his face in hand and locking eyes with him. The clear ferocity on his features is like a blot from the blue, his jaw set in a firm and unyielding line. No, John doesn’t back down when he gets like this, but normally he has his reasons, which entirely escape Sherlock at the moment. Sherlock's temper flares at how irrational John’s being- the absurdity of the question.
as an alibi! We’re
“What’s he thinking about now?” Mary asks not two minutes later, her chin resting on her overlapped wrists at the edge of the sofa seat.
Clara isn’t paying attention to the exchange, absorbed with the child tugging at her pantleg. "Go on. Go give Daddy a kiss now," Clara goads the child attached to her leg, who doesn’t seem to want to let go. The child recognizes her father and abides the simple command, plodding off in the John’s direction with the semi-stiff joints characteristic of the toddler age group. But then, to John’s curiosity, she veers off toward Sherlock in the midpoint of the room, who is indeed closer and perhaps a more convenient target.
COMPILING RESULTS>>>
"I don't know- sometimes, things get mixed up," she offers as some sort of explanation, shrugging her shoulders. He looks at her scathingly. She seems to think a missing corpse is perfectly normal, like it came back to life and just walked out of there of its own accord.
“Whatever for?”
"Indeed. It's how she can control people, get them to jump off buildings, etcetera. That was how we lost her childhood psychologist, Thomas Hartley."
Sherlock studies his face, hesitant. “John.. would you punch me if I kissed you, hypothetically speaking?” he asks on a more serious note, but there’s no response this time. Only the drone of traffic and the patter of rain.
"Damn it, Sherlock, would you at least listen?" John asks after him, but Sherlock has left him to his machinations, disinterested in what else he has to say.
Curiosity piqued, he follows the music down the stairs, and slowly the faint, disjointed notes he can barely make out become longer and more recognizable phrases. Once he ventures down into the study, he discovers Sherlock is indeed the source of the sound, seated with his back turned at Mr. Hudson's Steinway. Even more intrigued, John leans in the doorway and watches Sherlock play, not voicing his presence so he doesn't stop. He's never seen Sherlock play anything other than his violin. And, well, people.
“We know where all the bodies are, Oscar. You’ve left them out all over the streets in plain sight. What happened, did you get tired of women?” Sherlock asks, crossing his arms, pointedly not affected by the man's plight.
"My god, you're a fantastic shot," Lestrade remarks once he arrives on scene, admiring John's handy work. He and the rest of NSY have simply assumed he's his sister, Harry.
The page break down in word:
Sherlock's eyes won't meet his. Instead, he bites his tongue and brushes past John toward the isolation of his room.
He looks into those knee-weakening eyes, the way they take you in and stop time like wormholes, the rings of iris such slippery slopes, like gravitational gradients skirting the precipice of the event horizon, the pitch-black and all-consuming vortexes of his pupils like the expanse beyond the point of no return, and feels suddenly fatalist, face-to-face with damnation, because he just knows.
what happened," he insists with sudden vehemence, "We both know  that is a bold-faced lie. I'm not interested in hearing your absurd ungrounded insinuations- You've got no right talking complete nonsense about things you would have no way of knowing-"
"He broke the D string," Sherlock corrects him. He's doing a good job of not showing it, but he's obviously irked.
“Yeah. It’s alright. These things happen,” John pats him on the head and stands to make his leave.
"Cardiac arrest," Anderson supplies. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at the look of surprise on her face.
It falls quiet, whatever it was stops circling, falls away. John sighs a ragged breath, and revolves around in the water, searching for the direction of the island. The wind is in chaos and he can’t use that to his aid, and the sky is clouded over. He thinks perhaps it might be better to wait for the rain to pass before he starts swimming any which way, to avoid getting lost at sea. But dusk is not a good time to be in the water, when sharks come out to prowl, and he’s frankly just sitting fish-food out here.
Something catches Sherlock's eye and he crouches down to retrieve it. "What've you got there?" John asks when Sherlock leans down to take a swab of the man's lower lip (what's left of it). "Blood?"
John's jaw clenches as Sherlock proceeds to walk past him in a carefully devised attire which he suspects is designed for the sole purpose of seducing her, at which point, something goes haywire in his brain and John, for lack of a better word,
Sherlock’s only-human gaze is affected with latent tenderness, but he doesn’t falter. “I gather,” he responds, “that this is one of those ‘beautiful moments’ but I have a wedding to get to so—”
“Yes,” he decides with sudden conviction, “Terrified.”
He escalates, taking that fateful step forward, and suddenly despite the fact that John appears to be restraining himself, there's an alarming amount of force locking him in place.
"Oh, and God forbid anything get between you and a case."
And then…
“Is that your boyfriend?” Nigel asks sassily, as Sherlock comes into view for him. Mary doesn’t betray a response to that.
"A normal person would have been at least momentarily shocked or horrified," he points out to her.
“It would be worth it though.”
"It's always
“Occam’s razor,” she shrugs.
"You said it yourself- You were dangling yourself in front of her like bait," John's voice cracks, "You were ready to let her have you, and you're asking me why I had to put a stop to it?" he demands at Sherlock, trying to make him understand how unreasonable he's being.
Sherlock shrugs. The little shit.
John doesn’t know what he should say.
“Which point?”
Sherlock stares at John, blinking up at him from the couch, with a set of startled blue eyes and lips parted speechlessly, but before he can utter anything other than “Um-“
When he opens it, there’s a man collapsed on the doorstep, heaving for breath.
Sherlock, John, and Mary are sitting in front of the telly, watching the disputed events of ten years prior play out before their eyes. They run through the footage with unwavering concentration, until it finally breaks into static. John sets the tape on rewind with the VCR remote. Silence spans indefinitely as the tape runs skittishly backwards, until Sherlock eventually breaks it.
John looks at her quizzically; a minute squint under delving eyebrows, a polite, slightly slanted smile on his lips, and a slight tilt of the head so that his hazel gaze becomes sidelong in indication he doesn’t quite follow. Two of what? What does it matter if they're in a church? Did Sherlock say something sacrilegious to make her think both Sherlock and he are atheists or something?
She looks unconvinced, tilting her head as she asks, “But don’t you have magical pixy horses with John?” Sherlock is trying to pull off a proper-sounding scale when the bow scampers off center on the strings.
Walking against the wind, dusty and sharp with sand fragments, he wanders along the shore in search of more tinder. His search turns into a long one, taking him to the more distant reaches of the island, having already cleared most of the nearby surroundings. The island is mostly chaparral, which makes his task all the more tedious, scavenging for what little remaining foliage it has to offer.
John's hand balls into a fist. "What do you mean you can't? " he starts, shifting onto his feet. Sherlock has stood up from the table and turned away in a refined, graceful motion. There it is again, the steely, impenetrable mask in place of his friend.
Nigel looks startled. “Hey…Mister… Watson,” he says tenuously.
“John, why did it do that?” Sherlock, who seems to have reclaimed his voice, demands as they turn toward the foyer.
He lets out a gasp and clutches his head. His skin is burning and his vision brightens, searing into his skull, which is strange, seeing he'd served himself a glass only as a ploy to draw her in, not to drink it. He pinches the bridge of his nose in exasperation. She must've drugged him.
. His eyes drift down to where Sherlock's white knuckles are clasped around his porcelain mug.
Sherlock looks back down at the newspaper fine print. They don't broach the subject again until Sherlock is called on for a case.
"Why? Did I ruin the mood?" Sherlock asks playfully, reading the gruesome thoughts on John's face. He's smiling, unapologetic and unrepentant like he's done a good deed.
"How you can even see anything in the mess is a marvel," John says, lighting the area with his Nokia while Sherlock extricates the patch. He holds it up to the light for John to read.
John can literally feel all sense of reason leave him. Props to Sherlock, because after many, many valiant but unsuccessful attempts, he'd finally done it. He'd finally
John looks at him like he's speaking alien.  "No, that's not- Sherlock, listen to me," he tries to level with him. It's all wrong. It’s so false it’s borderline blasphemous. He wants to deny it and convince him otherwise if he'd just give him leave, but Sherlock's gaze stops him in his tracks, pins him against the wall and strangles the words in his throat. John bites down until he tastes blood.  He would kill for him to just say something, anything, to break the silence instead of holding them static in this unbreathable, horrible tension that Sherlock somehow finds fitting and comfortable.
"You already
on the piano, anyway?
"John-" he says warningly.
“Sherlock,” he catches John say, his voice in conflict, “It’s ok. Yes, of course I forgive you,” he mumbles nonsensically, turning his other cheek to face someone nonexistent, clearly immersed in his dream world.
“So I forgot today,” John sighs apathetically, snatching his wrist from Sherlock’s grasp. He then turns to Mary pointedly, “And that ring, mind you, means that I was married to your mother, not to him.” He points to the raven-head beside him, whose been residing there prettily, in their flat, for the past twenty-five years, for decorative purposes. He's taken to wearing the ring as a symbol of how he is
away from
“You sound distressed.” Sherlock notes.
John cards a hand through the hair cascading over the side of his face to perfect his appearance.
He glances again at the blank chat screen and prods the sleuth with another text, thinking maybe he ought to call him, but decides against it. He's probably just cross about John's impromptu run-in with Mycroft, which if he hasn't deduced already, he certainly will by the time John steps over the threshold-- and probably insist that John get himself checked for airborne STD's and whatever else Mycroft supposedly carries, John thinks with a sigh.
What the hell was he doing? The threat of violence achieved nothing other than to confirm that he is all the things he's accused of being.
"Don't," Sherlock tells him, when he so much as suspects John might be blaming himself, "This one's on me."
“Didn’t John have anything to say about it?”
John smiles bitterly, enjoying the thought before he ruins it. “Yes it is. Of course it is.”
“What is wrong with you? How can you be content not knowing whether you’re married— to me no less?” John demands, uncomprehending, “Don’t you remember famously deducing our daughter's--
. I'm sorry it's complicated but I think in movie format unfortunately. Think of it as a three-part ensemble.
“In denial of what?” The man is a walking punchline. The book he’s holding is his nemesis, Oscar Wilde, turned to
And they'd carried on like that until they were standing at the alter and the priest fatefully asked Sherlock first. And Sherlock had said "yes," which was apparently code for
“You made this?” Mary looks up from prodding her toast.
“He’s… sleep talking,” Sherlock frowns. He gets the feeling he’s had this conversation before. He probably had left Mary alone with a gun at some point during her infancy, but now she’s a better shot than John (not that John is aware) so it ended up being a plus.
," he sneers in distaste.
"What are you-" There's an blatant look of stupor that's truly a rare expression on Sherlock's face, having no idea where the impetus for violence is coming from when he realizes John is grabbing him by the waist and wrestling him away from the door. Then to his dismay, John picks him up and throws him over his shoulder as he's fruitlessly kicking and punching the air, before hurling him back down on the sofa.
“Ok. Listen. You remember your mother, don’t you?” John levels with her. She crosses her arms defiantly.
,” Sherlock replies blandly, as though it weren’t obvious.
How is it even charged?
And it's only a question if the answer isn’t part of the question.
“Talking to you is kind of like talking to the drug addict Wiggins,” Mary says, watching Sherlock trying to piece together where Mary came from, or why, in fact, her name is Mary.
“What’s REM?” Mary turns her head to him, and Sherlock glances up, taking note of her confusion.
In a last ditch effort at self-preservation he looks away, trying to conceal the humiliation on his features and salvage the broken and bruised remains of his pride. She turns his face to the light, relishing the sight of his cool, burning eyes that have nearly lost all their haughtiness and condemnation in favor of a more docile nature, sombre like a broken mustang.
“You can try that face on John but not on me,” he says cleverly, smirking so that they mirror each other with two charmingly beautiful, sociopathic smiles.
“For god’s sake—“ John starts, audibly vexed, but checks himself and resumes at a more docile volume, “how long has he been like that?” he indicates the despondent individual on the settee, who can hear them, surely, but isn’t listening for lack of concern for mortal matters. So it is suitable to continue on as though he’s not there.
“Isn’t it great? This is my first job. Can’t believe they actually gave me it- I don’t even have my bachelor’s yet!”
“I am calm. I’m always calm. Don't tell me to calm down.”
He curses and follows Sherlock down the stairwell.
"Sherlock..." he says, repeating his name like a broken record. Sherlock looks away, as if he might cry, and though John is intimately familiar with the fact that when Sherlock cries he is almost certainly manipulating someone, he falls so hard for it he can taste dirt.
The photograph she's holding is an autopsy photo, stitches and bruises marring the face of the deceased, and yet she can still recognize her. It's unmistakable that she's looking at none other than her own mother, with a novelty that suggests for first time in decades. He does the math- her mother was his first kill, after which he gradually became more unhinged and more liberal with taking lives, until none were exempt. She was first assaulted 40 years ago today, the same age as Irene.
Sherlock, taken aback by John's arresting expression, doesn't notice at first that she's escaping, reaching for the door.
“I haven’t the faintest,” he sighs with disinterest, his bow resuming its oscillations. He twists the fine adjustment knobs at the base of the fingerboard while playing two strings, then reverts back to the coarse pegs at the top, finally bothering to set the Stradivarius in tune.
Sherlock snaps his fingers with the realization and tsks. “Ah my apologies. I’d entirely forgotten you were self-conscious about these things.” It’s not a great leap for John to realize he is being manipulated right now, but of course, that’s a secondary issue.
“It would seem both you and I have time to kill,” she says, in light of his leisure time activities (that is, hiding behind a curtain and spying on John).
“Not ridiculous. It’s a matter of fact, John. It can’t be argued.”
"Actually I think that could be quite effective as a negotiation strategy."
The proposition is not ideal, but at the same time, not entirely surprising either. He weighs it in his mind but ultimately stops thinking of the consequences, completely reeled in, where all the other threads have been completely worked out, by the promise of that final, nagging piece of the puzzle.
John, however, in an unforeseen turn of events, has a deeply adverse reaction to this. To say he disapproves is an understatement- he's looking positively murderous, wearing an expression the likes of which Sherlock has never seen on him before.
my dad, aren’t you?”
“There. Empty. Alright?” Greg declares epicly, confirming that their expedition has been none other than a glorified waste of time, dragging them all the way down three subterranean levels and leaving them none the wiser for it.
He’d mistaken him for some kind of monster. John hadn't even known he was and had been the man he lionized, written about, and loved. Because John treated him like he was disposable and left him in the line of fire he died, naturally, like any other murder victim or mortally wounded soldier John had encountered. He'd managed a few death-defying schemes but Sherlock wasn't bullet proof. The reality of Sherlock's mortality sinks in, like the chill of a cold shower
Sherlock: Just the last week or?
"It's going to eat it."
you said
It’s the one snag holding him back, the one link in the chain that’s missing. His logic has to be ironclad to convince Scotland Yard of any of this, given that idea that a female suspect was responsible for the rape-homicides of countless male victims had been met with skepticism at best. The limited and biased imaginations of the yard been a thorn in his side since the beginning, not to mention all the political corruption hindering the investigation.
something of a flight risk," he says distractedly, trying to convey to John the urgency of the situation as he's recovering his mobile phone from where it's charging near the bat display and making preparations to take his leave. People were dying like clockwork, and it didn't make him look good, when people died. "Can we discuss this at some other time?" He says, which is code for, I'm not really interested in what you're saying, to be honest, and am not listening, but by all means continue.
,” Sherlock declares vehemently in his baritone voice, “is that you’ve mentally reverted to a time when you ate high-cholesterol foods, i.e. your bachelor days, and that you subconsciously want to kiss someone."
Five years later…
In the water, where sound is magnified, he becomes distantly aware of a clicking noise against the crashing sounds of the violent underwater struggle. The sound is slow and consistent, decidedly unhurried. As the muscle fatigue starts to overtake him and his resistance begins to taper away, the sound grows louder into a tap, tap, tap— like footsteps drawing closer. It’s as he’s blacking out that in the most distant reaches of his mind he can hear the sound of a gun break the silence.
"Hm. You know, there are some thoughts you could, in theory, keep to yourself," John suggests, so that Sherlock knows in the event he should find himself in the company of people with less... eccentric interests.
“I wouldn’t go so far as to say I actually like people.”
Again, with the silence, spanning out indefinitely to no foreseeable end. He hates being left in the dark. It's agonizing to be left to his own devices, knowing nothing, and conjuring up the worst possible scenarios. His nails dig into the wood of the table. "
"You were about to explain to me what the hell you were thinking," John says, his sense of entitlement seemingly without bounds. Irrespective of that sinister smile, anyone with eyes could tell you he's royally pissed.
“John!” he yells in that low tibre, though it comes across muted. He puts the phone back to his ear again.
“You think I would drop you John?” Sherlock smirks at him playfully, that bottomless, baritone voice reverberating with (faux) candor. His nose dips close enough to feel the glow of warmth tinging John’s, who is blushing, probably, but who wouldn’t? Sherlock is much too indecently, breath-baitingly close, playing the equivalent of footsie for noses with him. Good grief.
"Would it kill you to just
compromise his work-
Nigel looks somewhat discontented.
The hallway of the second level is essentially all dark, the doorway to upstairs bedroom sealed closed and preventing most light entry. Cloaked in duskiness, Sherlock is impatiently leaning next to the doorway to the upstairs bedroom, unable to contain himself. He hates waiting.
13. ARE YOU CALLOUS, OR DO YOU LACK EMPATHY?
there in resignation?” He regards John’s impassive air in disdain.
He sees a dorsal fin flash in his peripheral vision and veer towards him, intoxicated by the iron-rich scent, followed by another fin, and then another, and then three more. He feels cold, clammy, wanting for breath. His vision goes dark and the last thing he feels is the screaming ligamennts of his shoulder.
He’s trying to breathe but also trying not to scream, contemplating what to do. He looks around for another platform of rock to rest at, feeling like he’s going to pass out. The nearest rock is several metres away, but he comes to the realisation he can’t even make it there. He can’t take another stroke, can’t move, without the shoulder joint screaming.
SHERLOCK: NOT THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF.
“That’s not all that strange John,” Sherlock corrects him, for the record.
“Is it Mycroft?” she whispers.
“Dance with you?” he says in surprise, “Sherlock, we’re in the middle of a crowd of people—“
John has listened carefully, arms clasped behind his back. He waits, letting the words settle and do their worst. He's not surprised, of course, he knew Sherlock remembered.
John puts his hand up. “I don’t need to hear what Hudders thinks, ok I know what she thinks-"
The intercom chimes.
“Well, be warned, he’s in a mood,” John says with a wry glance to the kitchen and closes the front door behind him. Mary heads over to the sofa, looking in between and under the seat cushions.
"Possibly. I know how his brain worked, for the most part," she muses. His first instinct is to disbelieve her. It strains credulity to think she would even be capable of doing that, regardless of whatever extraordinary capabilities her intellect affords her. "He's very simple. Predictable, even," she says, sounding very bored, "In fact, I knew that this would happen to him." John looks at her with a question in his eyes, skepticism on his face. How could she know something like that? "He nearly killed himself once when he was fifteen. He jumped in front of a car to save his dog." John stares, dumbfounded, his mouth parted open until he remembers to close it.
John places his hand on the curved edge of the settee, returning to his seat. “Why?” he asks innocently.
“Sherlock, I’m going to Sainsbury’s,” so he’d said. A likely story.
“You deserve better than this, and I just, I don't want you to be unhappy so," John swallows, and proceeds, "I said you were free to leave before, but now I mean it.”
Now. Now the forth wall is breaking, crumbling, falling apart. That's what he had meant.
“Bad.”
John digs his fingernails into Sherlock’s inseam in internal anguish and Sherlock squeaks.
So...  the angst fix got delayed again. One day, my friends, one day. I've got it mostly written out, but it started referencing this, so this had to come first.
- or don't you get that?" John's eyebrows contort at Sherlock, who is making less and less sense as he goes on, "You're
"You don't think you have that backwards?"
It begins to dawn on him— a gradual realization that the threads he thought he had firmly within his grasp are slipping slowly from his fingers.
"Yes, mam," Sherlock chirps.
Well, of course he did, the whole exercise is a boundary crossing zig-zag. Come to think of it, he supposes slow-dancing the typically female role should send off all kinds of alarms and error messages in
“What?” He turns to her with that innocent expression on his face, framed by the window, book in hand.
John grabs his tie and pulls him back toward him. “Who are you covering up for? Is it Mycroft?”
Briskly and dourly, without so much as the sound of a footfall, John strides into the room in a pristinely ironed shirt, heavy denim, and burgundy dress loafers. The soldier is freshly groomed, with a clean shaven, set jaw and damp, neatly parted, cropped hair cutting a sharp angle against the nape of his neck. He neglects to turn on the overhead light as his surroundings, while colorless, are just visible.
“You don’t know any romantic poetry.”
He is altogether unconcerned when John looks flummoxed at that, gaping like Sherlock had just confessed he was considering retiring and moving to Australia to study the wallabies. Sherlock brushes past him toward the entryway, more pressing matters to attend to than John's odd, skewed priorities and the insufferable need of his to make all his unwarranted opinions on the matter known.
“Because I couldn’t recall if I had already!” John blurts out, trying to recall the reasoning behind his auto-piloted, and frankly, unimportant, actions this morning, “So I rinsed again in case I hadn’t; but thank you, now I know that I ,
will have to watch you leave the moment you realise that I-" he bites his tongue.
“Mary. You know I’m not much interested in food,” he drawls, tossing the door open because he’s too lazy to hold it, and plods back into the living room, world-weary because it must be so hard to lounge about all day in a strop. The way his hips move beneath the crisp line of his belt, all sluggish swagger, makes John’s hand tighten on Mary’s.
He turns away, pointedly not looking back. His mind is scrambling to understand how that could have happened. He tries to think about other things, like that sharks attack other sharks in a feeding frenzy, that a killer whale could do something like that if it wanted. But the state it was in- a great white ripped to shreds in the most animalistic of fashions, to a point beyond recognition.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow in confusion. The who-you-slept-with trivia question is a gimme. He never gets it wrong. He looks over himself to see if anything is out of line, and turns around in the process, kind of like a dog chasing its tail. Nothing. (Might even be a virgin?)
“Shame really,” Sherlock contemplates, “Seeing that he’s nursing a bit of a crush on you.”
The amphibian lays his head on the cool grain and watches his hard-earned cadaver, the drying wind twitching in its sun-bleached hair. Amidst the sultry heatwaves and the incredible stroke of luck, the merperson begins to feel like the derelict figure before him is a mirage, a little too good to be true.
Sherlock tries to keep his breaths regular as John’s fingers move to undo his zipper.
“Or a cruel trick.”
And when he grabbed his coat and started tailing John down Baker Street, well, that was purely recreational and had nothing to do with the idea that John was going elsewhere was driving him just a little bit crazy. The way his pace quickened to join him on the kerb so that he wouldn’t lose him, winding through foot traffic and clipping shoulders, in no way indicated he was even remotely interested in John’s intents or whereabouts at all.
. John isn't exactly surprised.
“Tell me you at least got the autopsy report from yesterday,” Sherlock asks, trying to salvage the situation.
Sorry this took so long. Special thanks to those who commented on chapter 2 and reminded me to make a chapter 3.
“It’s kind of early for that isn’t it?” John asks, taking a seat across from her.
“Oh really? Do you wake up to a murder scene waiting to happen everyday?” Sherlock smirks at that. No, of course not. That would be too good to be true.
“The other one? What are you talking about,” Nigel narrows his eyes at him skeptically. “Who is this guy; he’s weird,” he says to Mary.
John turns back to him, feeling sick to his stomach. There's something wincingly painful about imagining him when he was younger, knowing he wouldn't live to see past 30.
What’d you mean? John frowns in disappointment.
John glances at his gun, then back at Lestrade, confused. "Shouldn't you be arresting me for illegal possession of a firearm?"
“I’m am not in anyway
John nearly looses his step when suddenly confronted with the staircase to the underground, and so does Mary when they swerve under the overhang with a bit of excess momentum, and they giggle at each other like 9-year-olds. Mary leads him down the steps of St. Paul’s tube station through hoards of tourists, her hand around his, pulling him forward, and when they duck the ticket scanner John feels the trill of being two stops away. They dart after a departing train that specifically tells them to
Three days later while they are seated across from each other at the living room table, Sherlock finally gives and lowers his newspaper, demanding to know "
Sherlock beams at him and John's heart freezes. When Sherlock steps back, John is suddenly hit by the full picture of him, standing across from him on the step. They exchange looks, standing motionless in the stairwell, John's hands holding the undersides of his wrists. They've gotten to the point now where these moments kind of just happen and they let them happen, then dismiss them as normal. Sherlock wordlessly steps away and shifts past him for the door, leaving John ill at ease when he goes.
Sherlock starts scanning aisles but Greg remains standing in the doorway, looking disgruntled.
“How about now?” she asks, as John shifts uncomfortably in his sleep at the ungodly noise.
"But how did they-"
“Sorry if this causes you any… emotional distress.”
She places a hand under his jaw and directs his face back to her. His jaw slackens at the overpowering extent at which her eyes burn at him, fierce, envious. He returns the look with confusion, a touch taken off guard and not certain what she's after.
And it seems, for a once, that John has pulled the rug from beneath Sherlock’s feet. The brunet looks as though John’s knocked the wind out of him, with shocked and crystal-clear eyes that portray a child innocence John hardly recognizes. But then he smiles, lithe lips closing and curving upward. His vibrant, sky-tinted irises gleam at John with underhand, devilish cleverness, his regal features resuming their constant, graceful, unerring mask of dissemblance.
Sherlock drops his hand from where it's perched under his chin with a dramatic sweep. He doesn't know what John wants from him.
” Sherlock bursts out of the urban density, and John retracts in surprise. He’s just a blur of cape and dark hair at this height, running out on to the pavement just below, his hero. If John were to step over now, he’d probably kill them both.
“Let’s find out, then,” Sherlock murmurs with his voice velvet and eyes smitten. His hands are pressing up on the small of his back, pinning his jumper and checkered shirt in like drapery, tilting him back an inch.
As they stare up at its redoubtable facade,
“John!” Mrs. Hudson hollars from the stairwell.
John hesitates for a moment at the sight of Sherlock demanding that he stop, juggling a number of emotions he wasn't entirely prepared for. He's somewhat horrified with himself- this was a lot easier to do in theory, when he was thinking it through in his head, than in practice.
. They burn with a dangerous kind of curiosity, boring into his soul like a Pandora’s box of destructive potential waiting to be unleashed, harboring paradoxes that make him want to shake his head in incomprehension. They seem as if to ask how can you be as close as possible and still not close enough?
Sherlock looks down at Mary.
“He’s in Miami.”
"She won't suspect anything will she?" he says, concerned.
“What do
“Well then…” she trails, pondering it over, or at least pretending to, “I’m sure we could come to some sort of an arrangement.”
For a second, Sherlock is just as surprised as John is. He doesn't even have a fully formed idea of what he's doing with it.
Sherlock reaches for the door, but the man objects. "No, Mr. Holmes, you have to listen to me- Everywhere I go- people just drop dead," he pleads.
“Come again? I’ve gotten hard of hearing over the years.”
Sherlock tsks. “You can’t make a deduction unsubstantiated by data, Mary, what’s the data,” he says, turning back to the window with his bow ready to sweep against the strings.
John raises his eyes questioningly at him.
The pair exit the passenger compartment of the cab and step out onto the pavement. Dizzy from sleep deprivation and low blood sugar, Sherlock swaggers over the apartment complex in front of them while John instructs the cabbie to wait. When John comes over, he has to select from a variety of different flats to buzz on the intercom.
at the same time. Not liking having his freedoms taken away like they were with
"Okay, let's just... put it behind us. We're going to pretend it never happened. And it will never happen again. All in agreement?"
Seemingly in the interest of proving Mary wrong, Sherlock weathers on, sounding jarringly black-hearted and broken-hearted at the same time, until the two tonalities reconcile at the last note. “
And then something clamps down on his foot. There’s a look of transparent surprise on his face, a too-late realization he was mistaken, when he feels that it hurts. The sensation is very much unlike the smooth-planed, iron grip from the night prior, comprised of sharp, biting incisions, like a jar of razor blades. John releases a ragged sob of breath he’s unable to hold in, choking on the spike of pain so far above his threshold. His stomach lurches with pent-up anxiety and aggravation.
"You can't.. you can't still like her, can you?" John asks. Sherlock detects a note of angst in his voice, that and something else he can't quite identify. He can make no conclusions as to what John is thinking in saying that, only that he needs to get his head checked if he thinks Sherlock would let
“Did someone die then?” he asks in the spirit of conversation, as though he doesn’t already know the answer, grinning ear to ear.
Still, a smile cracks on his face at the thought he might... what exactly? "What are you going to do with that?" he asks, intrigued.
He had no reason to doubt John's intentions.
Issuing a sigh, John lets it drop and comes as he's beckoned, sitting next to him. "I didn't want to interrupt. The way you play is so beautiful," John says, drawing a line across the black, glossy surface. "I didn't know you knew piano."
It escapes him how he could have said things like that. The words feel like a slight. They are so horribly misguided, so vexing, they're still ringing in his ears, ears he can hardly believe.
He full-heartedly agrees. "You're right. So why don't we skip to the part where you show me how you did it?"
JOHN: DEPENDS. ON SHERLOCK, YES.
John is used to being frequently cast aside in Sherlock's dogged pursuit of whatever criminal catches his fancy. Sometimes, however, he catches himself feeling sore about it, which is just as confusing as it is annoying. Somehow the fact that it's not a case but Irene this time makes it that much worse, making him feel claustrophobic to the point it's asphyxiating.
God, if looks could kill.
His eyes veer to the clock. Of course he's not back. Why would he be?
“Well, I was curious so I went ahead and.. experimented a little.” Anyone else, anyone else in that suggestive tone of voice, and John would have thought twice about that sentence, but it’s not anyone else. It’s Sherlock.
“What?”
He tries to parse out its shifty form from the liquid black current, but can only catch glimpses, hints of something he's not even sure is there. His eyes start shifting frantically over the water in realization that the capabilities of his senses are simply insufficient, darting, sometimes in paranoia, sometimes with dreadful accuracy, to anything and everything he sees. His chest tightens.
“Hm?” John asks innocently, turning his head back to the blushing brunet whose pants he has his hand down.
"It all seems rather... self explanatory," she reasons, her hand forcing his still where it was distractedly playing at the stem of his glass. He glances at where her hand has arrested his, then returns his attention to her, their lips under the constant threat of touching. He evades her advances and struggles to get back on topic.
“Dad, what’s going on?” Mary emerges in the doorway to the kitchenette, wearing an ankle-length underdress. John has his back to her. “What are you wearing.” she remarks at his office attire.
"That's funny coming from you. You're the one who swears like a sailor."
John scoffs, almost-comically affronted. “Why should I be jealous you look like you fell into a wind turbine?” he retorts.
“That’s the one!”
, or scream. Or cry. Or possibly both.
"Honestly Watson, how do you even live with the guy?" Anderson shakes his head.
, I imagine?”
“We have a mutual understanding where I leave the being human to him and he leaves the being perfect to me,” Sherlock smirks softly, and so does Mary.
"I can tell you weren't schooled in the art of sabotage like he was. You have a very simple mind," he says, and John, being the adult here, rolls his eyes like a teenager.
“You,” she says forwarding her rook. His knight takes it, leaving her queen open. “Always missing the point.”
He waves a hand in front of his closed eyes and frowns.
Unaware of the proceedings occuring in the game room, John and Mycroft are continuing their conversation not more than ten feet away.
Sherlock is coming undone, lips parting softly, eyelashes fluttering down.
Sherlock laughs dryly at that. "Not revenge," he says, acknowledging that this goes well past that, snapping off his forensics gloves. "This is war."
"You think this is revenge?" he asks, dubious, "None of these men were in the system for assault." Or anything, actually. The ones they'd been able to identify were all squeaky clean- mostly business men and white collars, not unusual with this being London.
"Me too."
He notices a flood of burgundy emanating from underwater, brewing like a storm. It drifts up in pints, soaking his clothes, its thick, suffocating scent permeating his nose and mouth. Violent colour mixes in the water, intensifying, until John is practically swimming in it, gagging on the taste of it. It feels so surreal, perfectly fantastical, like everything else, but the pain is too real to be a dream.
“Yes,” John confirms.
“It’s not about,” he continues unfluently, searching for words like he’s speaking a different language with an unfamiliar and perplexing grammar structure, "Being
think?”
The move is to John’s immediate dislike and the hand tightening strenuously on Sherlock’s shoulder lets him know it. He feels a disturbing sensation travel up his sciatic, a ghost of a tremor he hasn’t felt in years, the post-traumatic limp rearing its ugly head, and his mind flashes back to when he couldn’t walk without a cane. He can’t pinpoint why the psychosis has picked this moment and tries frantically to suppress the fresh surge of panic, a self-reinforcing, down-spiraling mental trap he’s loathe to fall into again, but any semblance of control is quickly slipping through his fingers, like sand in a sieve.
Martin. This isn't one of those things you can just whiz your way out of."
“In love,” he says after an air of silence, standing in the kitchenette doorway, “You think I’m in love with Sherlock Holmes, the mutant drug addict freeloader on our sofa.” He points his thumb over his shoulder, in Sherlock’s general direction.
“It’s harmless, Sherlock,” John tries very hard to keep his voice from cracking, “Really.”
"Consult with Mycroft if you must," he says finally with dark, soft eyes that look like a deserted battlefield, "but I'll have no part in it."
Why does John have to feel this way about him? He couldn't have picked someone less prone to getting attacked by psychos to worry about?
If there was one thing he could be sure about throughout the entirety of his time being hospitalized, waving in and out of delusion, it was Sherlock being dead. Because Sherlock being dead was the source of the the delusions, the substance of his nightmares, the pin in the pinwheel of his down-spiral into insanity.
It crawls over his legs, arms on either side of his waist, and John gives up, stopping his futile struggles. He watches helplessly as it moves over his body, out of some bored whim, just because it can. It leans nearer until they are face to face and it's eyes peer into his, catching his breath.
“It’s not hearsay if you’re saying it it’s as good as gospel; just spit it out,” John interrupts while Sherlock continues talking.
"So is this the part where you expect me to break down and cry?" he asks the crisp, minty air.  "What do you want me to do? Beg for you back like last time?"
“Yes.”
“How many times do I have to tell you? Sherlock…” John says distraught, head lolling side to side fitfully.
SHERLOCK: YOU’RE ASSUMING THEY’RE MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE?
5. HOW DOES THAT MAKE YOU FEEL?
He'd lost his nerve. He was meant to be the one cornering her, not the other way around. There was a food chain wherein victims were preyed on by criminals and criminals were preyed on by him. He was meant to be on
look he says, "Don't they do that sometimes?" Sherlock narrows his eyes.
"Did you miss me that badly?" He says, trying to emulate your average household doormat and its aspirations of being walked all over.
He stumbles clumsily backward as the man strides toward him, his heart pounding in his chest. But then the man deviates from his course, walking around him and past him. He slaughters the two infantry men behind him instead, each in rapid sequence, and the soldier stares breathlessly at their fallen forms in dismay.
"You know what she does, John. You’ve seen the bodies," Sherlock remarks with every effort to sound put-upon, making a show of how tiresome he finds the question.
"I do not."
"No I'm not," he clenches down on the trembling hand, "I'm fine."
"I wanted to see your reaction," he says, his fingers feathered together in front of him, looking poised or devious or diabolical or all of the above, he fancies.
Sherlock is searching the fridge for jam. John always hides it from him because John likes to eat it, whereas Sherlock prefers using the preservatives in it for fixing dismembered fingers, so naturally there’s a conflict of interest.
"I beg to differ."
"5:30."
Mary: He had icebreakers?
Sherlock eyebrows converge in confusion at his daughter.
He supposes it makes sense. He'd always had an interest in her, hadn't he? He'd just never acted on it.
“I seem to recall he was supportive of some of your previous relationships,” Sherlock offers as a consolation.
As he approaches, he grows concerned. His walk turns brisk, and then fast, and then he's running, subzero air filling his lungs. He stops dead in his tracks a few meters away.
The brunet sniffs blood and suddenly the shark comes crashing down beside them with a gaping, ribbed mouth, swiping a bite. He reflexively withdraws the human specimen into his chest and hisses in annoyance, cradling the scalp in his fingers. Then with a powerful thrash, the mythical creature takes off furiously with his human in his arms and breaks the surface. He looks down through the glassy seawater and narrows his eyes at the archaic fish circling beneath them.
All was still and Sherlock was thinking perhaps,
“Why do we share a flat with Sherlock anyway?” she asks casually, out of the blue.
Mycroft stands and John looks up at him, startled. "It pains me to see this too," he says pensively, tobacco smoke winding in the air, "I should have never gotten him involved with her." There's clearly some remorse in his voice as Mycroft lowers his cigarette and rubs it out in the ashtray.
What the hell? he keeps thinking on repeat. His thoughts start looping, trying to process what he's seeing. Was this what she met by Sherlock was here? That Sherlock was dead? She didn't care to mention that? Is this some kind of prank?
Finally the creature's questions are in part answered, but rather to his disappointment. When the structure bursts alight with flame just before nightfall, it's extremely anticlimactic. He rolls his eyes sardonically, completely unsurprised. What was he expecting? This is what humans do. Set fire to things. Perhaps they find it cathartic. They have, on rare occasion, even set fire to the ocean.
“Why not.”
"You should let him go, John," she tells him matter-of-factly, then resumes her machinations to the tune of Vivaldi. The abandon with which she says that and returns to her violin burns, scorching cold.
“I dunno. Did you have a dad?”
“Yes, Dad. It’s obvious. Everyone on the block thinks it— Even Hudders—“
He trains his eyes on her, suspicions roused. "How so?" he asks, awaiting her play.
Sherlock furrows his eyebrows because John is being odd and light-headed. It doesn't occur to him his word choice was misleading or ambiguous at best. John twists around in Sherlock’s arms to meet his eyes.
“She's not here,” John replies tediously, rubbing his temple, “Married now.”
Sherlock looks at her with a set of struggling, green eyes, like he’s making a huge sacrifice in what he’s about to say, but his eyes wander toward the passage doorway on their right and he stops short.
The trees purify the air, removing the taint of cigarette smoke and car exhaust, infusing the breeze with an autumn scent, while the fountain makes it taste delicious and watery. He saunters through the courtyard near the periphery of the buildings, enjoying his short-lived freedom, reminiscing about the graduate years he spent here toward his professional degree. He can see his youthful memories play out in front of his eyes, like shadows hiding frolicking and playing. He shops short.
John: You actually
"Poor devil," she laments, perching her teeth on the ear rest of her glasses. "You know, I've never been very good with dead bodies so I'll leave you to it."
John crawls back up to the surface and curses. He hates it, the waiting game, the not being able to see anything, the freaky element of surprise each attack brings. Most of all, he hates how he can’t catch a breath, which is naturally distressing. He’s perfectly defenseless like this and has never felt anything quite like it. There’s something inherently nerve-racking about looking, waiting for an ominous threat you can’t see, and also something despairingly helpless, but in his fear-induced fixation he is unable to tear his eyes away.
John shifts backward at the barb, chastised. Of course he knows he's not
She, too, is in awe of how she holds so much power over him, as if his volition and free will were just reins in her hands. She's endlessly fascinated by how with just a touch she can reduce him to skittish, nervous wreck. The worst of it is she seemed to already have been aware she could do this to him.
"I confess, you've lost me," Sherlock says apologetically, in a sorry-not-sorry way that's more patronizing than anything.
“-Relevant-” he interrupts, cut-and-dry, awkwardly off-beat again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looks a little puzzled at the gesture, but then brushes it off with a harmless "Afterward, John. I'll be all yours."
It'd been a relief to discover she was no longer within their crosshairs. Had they found her, John doesn't know what he might've done.
, Sherlock is showing only the tip of the iceberg of his anger, and even that much is daunting enough to make John feel like he's treading ice. But he objects at the look of censure Sherlock is giving him, like John is completely out of line with no reasonable justification whatsoever.
?" Sherlock is trembling against him with rage, and barely-contained humiliation. "This isn't about justice, or the law. It's about you getting your way- this is insanity and you know it."
“Exactly!” Sherlock insists, like that self-evidently proves his point all the more.
," Sherlock impresses on them.
https://youtu.be/FoCG-WNsZio
When he leans back on his heels to meet Sherlock's eyes, they are looking back at his face, completely lost and confused. And then, and then, the cogs begin to turn, and it all clicks in his head.
"It was consequence of the times- the 70's and 80's saw a great deal of botched police work," he explains, then throws the files aside, irked, "Still, I should have gotten him. I missed something. There was some missing link- a smoking gun, I just could never find."
The caped man guides the horse through the maze of trenches and barbed wire, up onto the vast, deserted plane of no man's land, which is filled with uncleared smoke from ammunitions and the dissipating vapors of mustard gas. It's a landscape of death, littered with bodies and rife with sunken explosives. John thinks he must be mad to walk this way, across the 100 foot gap between enemy lines, but then he remembers how the bullets failed to scatch him, leaving him unscathed.
"So you think she raped and killed
John unfolds his arms and sighs with a roll of the eyes, giving a resigned and fairly bitchy display of his ‘whatever’ expression.
“Unfortunately, there’s very little I can do to help you with that. The law was on your side, as you may recall. If you wanted to get locked up perhaps you shouldn’t have killed all your victims before they had the chance to mention anything of import?” he suggests, doing very little to contain his thinly veiled hatred for the man.
a parent. This probably feels like a vacation to you,” John says with a feigned conversational tone, contesting tolerance and annoyance giving his voice an uplifting lilt.
Sherlock makes no comment, retreating into thunderous, oppressive silence. The atmosphere feels heavier like it does before a lightening storm, and John finds it impossible to breathe with all the pressure and static.
"You want to hit me," he baits him in that sultry baritone that makes John so confused because the words and the voice don't match, one alluring and the other barbaric, cruel and beautiful like the thorns on a rose, "So much for all those sappy convictions about how much you supposedly adore me."
Sherlock is finishing the dishes. He does that now. It’s weird. John is seated in his chair, staring melancholically at the fireplace. Mary has long since retired to the upstairs bedroom for the evening, which now may be venturing into the early hours of the morning.
“And what were you doing Mary? This isn’t like you,” he says in confusion. “I know I didn’t raise you to go and put people in the hospital for no bloody reason,” he conto use, “And I sure as hell didn’t raise you to undo my own job.”
Sherlock: Yes, that and another miscellaneous brand sold in tourist shops that reportedly goes under the title of "make-out mints".
Mary sees him scrambling for a properly worded explanation, and tries to fill in for the poor, tongue-tied know-it-all. “You’re not going to say it’s not-“ she begins to say when
Not hearing him or not wanting to, Sherlock twists out of his hold, only to flop back down face first once John (somewhat vindictively) traps him between his own arm and the floor. Sherlock lets out a gasp of surprise at the pain of his still-fresh injuries. John's breath hitches at the sight of Sherlock going alarmingly pale with shock, realizing he's hurt him much more than intended.
John falls silent when it occurs to him that her influence surpasses that of the law, and likely runs deeper than any adversary they’ve encountered before her. The only solution would be to go over her head entirely. Chewing his lip, he chooses his next words as carefully as possible.  "Then we have to tell your brother," he says firmly. He stands at attention, squaring his shoulders.
“And we should call your parents,” John adds, replacing his ballpoint in his pocket.
“The autopsy report for what?”
The caller is agitated now, vexed, frantic, as if in panic. “
“Tell me John, Was I not
His thumb slides over the silvery keys then presses down, lifting the phone to his ear.
"They are the facts. My opinion about them doesn't change them," he says, feeling unnaturally light-headed, "Facts.. have no empathy for people."
"Sherlock -" John almost reaches for him to pull him back by the sleeve, but he stops himself in the midst of it. It's completely irrational- what is he doing?
"I can’t believe that the moment I leave you-" Mary begins in utter incomprehension.
. She glances his way out of the corner of her eye, her emerald irises laughing at him.
Great. Brilliant.
"This criminal
Sherlock glances over with an immediate “Sarah,” because it’s obvious, bow sweeping against the strings as he cadences further and further down the fingerboard. It’s like he’s trying to see if he can break the window with the right assortment of angry high-pitched notes. He gives up and removes the violin from his chin.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Sherlock asks keenly.
relationship with a flat-out
John rubs his face. "What does he want you to do?" he sighs.
"Do me a favor and save the chivalrous sob story for someone else," John grouses, exasperated both by his flatmates insufferable inability to shut up, and the fact that there's crap sinking into his boots. Crouched over, he keeps his weapon low but ready.
Sherlock: I'll just include it all.
“Yes well… hallucinations talk.” Was there ever hallucination that wasn’t self-assuring? “and your voice is… too good to be true.”
the height difference becoming more
"I don't think Dr. Watson approves," she jeers, mouth delving into his curls, melding with his ear. He watches her nuzzle against him and feels something twist past breaking point in his chest.
“Where are you going?” Stephanie asks.
"I can take care of her myself," he says with a fierce conviction set on his features, mirroring all of John’s frustration and then some, "I don't need my brother to come save me. I'm not some damsel in distress!"
“Okay fine. Let’s be ‘scientific’. I’ll prove it to you,” Mary decides, catching Sherlock’s (vague) interest. He glances over pointedly-not out of curiosity, trying his best to look bored and disbelieving.
“He gave me a check and told me to give it Mrs. Hudson, but first to cash it in, take hundred off the top and go buy something called Mal- Malboro?” she says, taking a seat at the counter with a bowl in hand for cereal.
He blinks and scrubs his eyes against the cool mist, then, coming off his sore shoulder with a groan, tries to divest himself of the sand caking his seasalt-stiffened shirt. He rubs his neck and turns his gaze to the ocean, grey and still in the breaking dawn, devoid of any immediate signs of any mythological inhabitants.
10. CAN YOU OFTEN BE ANGRY OR ARROGANT?
"Should we stop?" she asks Sherlock, her voice light as if John’s dangerously brittle sense of restraint right now were occasion for amusement rather than alarm. Her arms encircle him in the casual way a lover might and just the sight of it drives John beside himself. He's about to march over there and tear him out of her arms when Sherlock's eyes fall on John, distant and distracted.
'Is it possible to fall over when you’re already fallen over, because that's very much what this feels like' is the question circling John’s reeling head. He looks momentarily fazed, unsuspecting, world-shaken, but, on second thought, he’s really not. He smirks.
“After all, I taught you how to do that,” he says dismissively, swerving around her again and crossing over the corner of hearth rug to the breakfast table, “This book ought to be burned.”
Sherlock’s amused, baritone voice sets John off-kilter, disorienting so, not unlike a blow to the head. John’s pace slows, and he absentmindedly drags a hand along the wall.
“Why can’t they know that you’re human— that you actually like people?” her voice echoes.
SHERLOCK: I KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES BEFORE I KNOW THE ACT.
“Only since yesterday,” she shrugs.
His eyes widen. She hadn't needed to touch his glass. In his eagerness to prove his theory, he'd made the fatal mistake of letting her kiss him- which had been a double edged sword. It hadn't occurred to him she'd poison him that way- he'd been too consumed with proving himself right. He tightens his hand where it's buried in his hair in fury. It was child's play- a cliche, even, and he'd fallen for it.
Having grown weary of having to pick John's messes up off the floor day in and day out, Sherlock sighs taxedly, tossing a rogue gaze aside, one hand on the bed the other resting on his waist.  Then, with a spurt of agility, he bends over, scoops her up in his hands, and falls back effortlessly to a seat on the bed. The material of her gown, a wispy, gossamer layer over white-gold satin, curves over the bend in his elbow, tugging wrinkles into the stiff starch of his shirt, and tumbles over the bleach white sheets.
“But I can’t..." he says, hesitantly touching his fingers to his face, "believe it.”
Mary lights up with bright, exuberant smile, at once feeling validated and victorious, but he skips past the blondes in favor of disappearing into the kitchen, leaving Mary confused as to what he’s doing. She listens to him shuffling through the cabinets until he reappears with a packet of PG tips in hand. He leans down with a hand on his hip and the teabag between his fingers, drawing her attention to the object, which is purely unremarkable, just your average overpriced bag of tea, wrapped in white filter paper and tapered to its classic pyramidal shape.
"How did this happen?" he says after a long silence, the warmth of his breath casting fog into the air, "I don't understand. Any of this. I thought that- I thought for sure he-"
“I mean he’s not here."
“Nothing,” he says shortly and quickly plants his misplaced step back on solid ground, instantly regaining his footing and smoothing over the minor infraction.
“Girlfriend repellent,” she supplies.
"That's a very convenient story. Do they just fall out of the sky, dead?" he asks, trying to infuse the comment with as much disinterest as possible.
“What would that entail exactly?” Sherlock’s eyes narrow skeptically at the ceiling.
He’s a trainwreck of uncontrollable shakes and shivers, a tear of excitement tracing down his cheek.
“Well, you swapped the sugar for table salt. That’s a lethal dose of sodium chloride you have there,” he indicates the pile of toast, “Very resourceful, but I prefer to die by drug overdose rather than by food poisoning, for future reference,” Sherlock states, then turns on his heel into the kitchen, his robe fluttering behind him, which makes John wonder momentarily if Sherlock thinks he was actually trying to kill him.
It doesn't take Oscar Sorace long to resurface, although when they encounter him next a mere 24 hours later, he is not in so lively a state. He had died at the precinct in the waiting area, but not purportedly due to unnatural causes, which had been suspected given the odd timing of his demise. Having tended to many of the homicides of his glory days, NSY was a odd, if not ironic place, for a man of his crimes to turn to in his hour of need. Perhaps his past had caught up with him. They are called in due to the suspicious circumstances and tasked with determining the cause of death.
Mary grins irrepressibly at him. “Well, I’m going to miss you,” she says. Then in part out of a cheeky interest to see his reaction, she says, “I despicably love you.”
“Is it really?” Sherlock drawls implicatively, eyes redirecting to something particularly interesting at the entryway. Nigel follows his line of sight, then taps Mary's shoulder, turning her around to reveal John's opportune arrival. He stands at the entrance, detained by Mrs. Davenport, in a black suit with subtle oxblood undertones that give his hair a lighter, flaxen property.
“How? How, Sherlock? How does that happen?"
When John comes back down from returning his medical supplies to his bedroom upstairs, he finds Sherlock in the kitchen handling two plates of eggs and toast.
"What?" Sherlock asks, confused as to why he has been detained.
Sherlock is sprawled comfortably on the Persian medallion-pattern carpet like a starfish, the back of his wrist laid out on his forehead, mouth curved into an all-knowing smile. John leans over him like he’s admiring the intriguingly beautiful depths of a tidal pool, hand planted on Sherlock’s further side.
Sherlock looks at him uncomprehendingly. Doesn't he understand he's hindering the whole investigation?
“Tell me, who says I can’t be cruel?” John asks, particularly pleased with the civil, coolly aggressive tone of voice that comes across, despite how his eyes betray that unshakable fondness he’s unable to temper down.
,” he sneers in conceit. “
“There—” John chokes, “was— so much blood. It was everywhere.” He’s not thinking straight anymore. He feels like his brain is on fire. All he sees is Sherlock’s blood up and down and all over the walls in that stupid disturbed happy face and he can’t think straight anymore.
“Your father has had a painful history, more painful than mine, and still he, saved me from a worser one,” he tells her, trying to summarize it concisely and sensibly, “I am indebted to him.”
"Not another step, Sherlock," John whispers at close range, undaunted by the threat of cutting himself on Sherlock's cheekbones. Sherlock glowers defiantly, full of bluster and refusing to fold. "Don't make me stop you," John warns him in a low voice.
“H-hey,” he says, catching the amphibian’s dull yellow gaze. “Hey. Hello,” he breathes with a weary smile, “You’re a.. another person. Oh thank God. I think I’m uh. Lost. Do you think you could help me out and point me in the direction of civilization, maybe one with a… phone?”
"Dammit, Sherlock, that's not-" he starts extending a hand to his face, but Sherlock isn't in the mood for sweet lies and faux consolations. He turns sharply, elbowing John in the ribs before he can even manage a denial. John quickly recovers and recaptures him in his arms, refusing to let go, much to Sherlock's displeasure as he tries to struggle free. His hands grapple for purchase on the ottoman carpet until it is reduced to a rumpled heap beneath his scrawling limbs.
"And how is the quest for Sherlock's lost remains treating you?" she asks him, having braced herself for today's dose of uncalled-for accusations and the emotional wreckage John tends leave in his wake. But it's John this time, that feels the blunt force of it.
To that end, he tells himself to breathe and be as compliant as possible, letting her proceed with the hope she will be more inclined to incriminate herself in this manner.
"It's just transport, John," he deflects, but he can feel John's dissatisfaction practically radiating from him. Sherlock looks to be more interested in the fleur-de-lys patterns on their wallpaper than in meeting John's eyes.
“Can’t you tell?” Sherlock asks.
“It remains to be seen,” Sherlock mutters off-handedly, glancing vaguely at the grim weather outside, "whether or not my better half will show," his attention returns to Nigel and he smiles.
“Maybe you got the year wrong? Or the case number?” Greg suggests, which Sherlock sweeps out of the realm of possibility and casts aside with an indignant “No” and “No, do I look like I got the year wrong?” casting out his hand in a look-who-you’re-talking-to fashion. He turns away again, thinking it over.
The very called-for theme song for the two chapters sandwiching this comment:
“O heavy lightness, serious vanity- Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms,” his voice reverberates down the tunnel vault and against John’s eardrums as he fades in and out of the present.
“You don’t mean,“ John looks confused, “Won’t they notice I’m missing? It’s malpractice. If they find out it was you—“
White light filters into the church through the apertures between sculpted pillars, under entryway arches, and through the glass windowpanes of the church, emanating from the cloud cover overhead. The foreground is populated with a few integral figures, amongst them the priest and the groom.
“Nobody. Mind your own business Nigel,” Mary glowers.
John takes his arm as he tries to follow her out, which is as inexplicable as it is problematic because in that instant she slips out the doorway, disappearing from view. "Sherlock what the hell are you doing-?"
“Yes,”
Mary breathes with relief that he understands.
Mary rolls her eyes in disbelief at his absurdity, closing the fridge. “Do I look like an idiot to you?”
“Romeo. It’s Romeo. Like romantic, romance, romanticism, Romeo.”
"I swear he's getting off on this," Donovan says, watching him efficiently navigate the place like a bloodhound, brain operating in high-gear and eyes alight with rapid-fire thought.
“Now?”
He is considerably less seamless in his movements. He fumbles and falls backward, helpless and completely disoriented in the blaze of its eyes. John can hardly find the words for the way it's looking at him, half bored-half curious, all poise and killer instinct, mesmerizing like staring into fire and arresting like the glare of a blue-blooded cobra.
Undoing his gloves, Sherlock stalks back over to the yellow tape where Lestrade is barking orders, the bottom edges of his clothes stained with red-tinged mystery liquids. John plods over to convene with them, in part avoid the unsettling locker-room talk, which is, getting worse by the minute. "You know that song it's raining men-?" Anderson asks with a smirk. "Oh God- now you're just being morbid," Sally grimaces.
“I didn’t put ricin in it. John would be cross if I put ricin in it,” Sherlock says, fidgety, eyes glued to the jam, having taken a sudden interest in the picnic blanket-pattern of its cap. He briefly wonders what jam might taste like anyway, if John’s so head-over-hells for it.
John supposes that it’s technically a mermaid like those visualized in legends, with the upper body of a human and the finned tail of a beast. But when John thinks mermaid, he thinks of
for what, the sole purpose of giving him a heart attack?" Lestrade says dubiously, failing to see the connection. To say it's a bit of a stretch is an understatement.
“Not exactly.”
"No!" John finally decides, fiercely resolved now despite feeling torn by grief and guilt, not unlike the sort he'd often felt after one of the those 'bad days' on the battlefield that left a bad taste in his mouth. "You've forced my hand, Sherlock," he relays to him, even though this is quite possibly the hardest thing he's had to do, "I can't."
“We can't just pretend it didn't happen-“ he's trying to be as gentle and coaxing as possible, when really he just wants to pull him out the front door straight to the highest tier of government where there is no chance of the case getting “mishandled”.
“Right.”
the one who figured that out,” he tells him, unmoved, "If that is meant to deter me, that’s exactly the wrong way to go about it." John looks vaguely disturbed at how quickly that backfired.
Sherlock has been busy undoing his shirt. When it comes undone, John’s not surprised to find the whip-like lacerations across his back. But he’s horrified by the state of his wrists, which have deep welts on them, like a rabid dog was trying to chew them off.
Okay, so he’s pushed him
?” Benedict asks, turning the pages, “30min 50 episodes per season. Martin—”
"Er, yeah." John looked away from him, remembering the banter and slight flirting he'd been doing.
As soon as he saw John, though, he froze, as if a deer in headlights. He quickly handed over Rosie to John. Rosie, sensing a change of hands, and the absence of Sherlock's singing, looked up to find her father. Though she loved him, she also loved Sherlock's lullabies, and therefore turned to where Sherlock was standing, struggling in John's arms.
“Brother mine,”
It's two days later. My blinds are drawn. The room is dark.
I settle down in one of the chairs. But for anyone who sees it, it will be empty. Even John. He's stopped seeing me. They're just shadows of me in his mind. Right now, I am a shadow of myself. But I came back today, John. You brought me back. You wanted me here. I feel a little happy. You remembered me. Anyway, John, this is a wonderful place. A wonderful place to get married. Better than ours, I seem to think. But that's just me being jealous. I don't really know why I am jealous. I made a choice when I jumped in front of Sherlock, that day. When I took the bullet for him, quite literally. I knew it then, too. That this was bound to happen. That you two were bound to happen.
I had been waiting for almost twenty minutes.
Yeah, soo  basically Mrs Hudson knows magic (nah she deduced it)  and yeah.
But apparently it had been, because Sherlock looked up in surprise at John, and then stuttered, "But I was telling the truth-- I was doing experiments the rest of the nights-- John, I--" Sherlock paused, gulped, then averted his eyes, "didn't want to you sleep on the floor and didn't think you would be comfortable sharing a bed with me." He finished quietly.
“Oh, so now Rosie isn’t ideal for your lifestyle. Maybe one day I won’t be ideal for your lifestyle as well. Want to get rid of me too?”
I have always wondered whether it was possible. Whether We were possible. In another universe, perhaps? But it doesn't seem likely, Sherlock. Seeing you with John feels as though he is the only one you belong with. In any universe, in any form. John is a very lucky man, Sherlock, you should know that.  But I suppose he deserves it. You are at your happiest around him.
"What does it matter to you?" It was a cold and curious question, not yet progressed to the point where he could understand the depth and genuineness of John's concern.
I don't say anything. I don't know how to. I just look at your face. You look  tired, frustrated even. But you still smile, trying to be encouraging. For a moment I am angry at him. Angry, because you're so perfect. So normal. But then it subsides, as I realize something. This is your first fight with mom and dad, John. You've never argued for anything. Always took what they gave you, never disagreed.
"Congratulations, I suppose." She was being polite, he knew that.
She smiled at John with that same mischievous glint and said "My pleasure. Now best get on back upstairs or your boyfriend will start thinking there's something going on here."
For a moment she let herself feel the very same emotions she had felt on that night.
New evidence had been found that had thrown the case on its head. The forensic report found only one pair of suspicious fingerprints, which were on a bottle of sleeping pills. The prints belonged to the victim’s son-in-law.
An agreement is made, and the story begins.
Yes. That was Holt from B99. I love that show. LOVE IT.
Sherlock shrugged, he really couldn’t care less about these people who believed in such nonsense.
“Oh, Sherlock. Have you let your emotions slip away? couldn’t resist Johnny boy, could you? oh!” she gasped mockingly, “and he’s going to get married! How very unbecoming of you Sherlock. But you will think of something. After all, brainy is the new sexy.” She sat on top of his bed, arms wrapped around her chest, and smirking as though she knew something he didn't, vanished.
of the events of last night. The public is deeply invested in you two already."
"S alright! I promise. I promise I 'll stop." I take another swig. This time everything looks even more blurred, and the alcohol burns my throat, but leaves that warmth that makes me believe everything will be fine. I fall asleep like that, making false promises to myself. But in the dimmed light of the room, and the soft lull of the drink, I believe in them.
"Sorry, what?"
She stepped back, away from John, and turned to walk away.
Mycroft only glared in reply and Continued, "She calls herself 'The Doctor' and has previously been of much help in protecting the country.
Only with Sherlock, John thought, could such things even happen. Only he could eclipse everything else.
Sherlock scanned the room, his eyes resting on Molly's, who had been looking back at him. He smiled.
Mycroft looked deep into his brother's eyes, "Because we chose to be."
Looks like you've been on a date for the first time in a long time, John, I think. Obviously I don't say it out loud. But it's easy to tell, really. You have dressed up a little more than people usually do, and you seem nervous. I feel a twinge of pride knowing that I am your first in some time. You sit down, and try to give me a confident smile. I wonder what is it that's kept you out of all this. I think it must be a breakup. She must have been someone very special, I guess. It's a nice little cafe, I observe, with low voices talking to each other in the early evening. Sunlight filters through the windows, and it hits your hair, making it glow with a golden colour. I want to run my fingers through them. As you get settled in, you give me an apologetic smile. "Sorry I am late."
All the reasons he had to separate them both were slowly disintegrating to irrelevance, and John was beginning to want to fuck all of it and this brought on an onslaught of emotions.
"What do I do now?"
John had spent his first night in Baker Street staring up at the ceiling of his new, unfamiliar room, and looking at the new angle at which moonlight hit the walls. And then thinking about the strange man sleeping in a room below him, who solved crimes and did science experiments and played the violin and had a deep, beautiful laugh.
They’d both said that they had forgiven each other, knowing all too well that they hadn’t. John had pushed his feelings away, tried to forget it all, for happy times to return, but it was too difficult.
That was something that John didn't know the answer to, all he knew was that he'd made a mistake when he hadn't had the conversation about Sherlock's "methods" with him.
And then, when he couldn't speak anymore, he found the strength for one more sentence. His confession.
That should have made me jealous, shouldn't it? But strangely, it doesn't. Not anymore. Does that mean I have stopped loving you, Sherlock?
"Yes. Good." John exhaled, his anger melting. They remained in silence for a while, neither knowing what to do next. As a step towards reconciliation, John asked, trying to make small talk. "How are you getting on with the case then?"
John could feel blood rushing to his face and ears, and the hilarity of the situation suddenly struck him.
On his nightstand lay only his phone, a cigarette and a silver lighter. His phone had received a solitary text from Mycroft.
And I should thank you. Because you helped, helped me get rid of the drinks. You, Sherlock and Clara. She came back to me after everything, when I was at my worst. It was then, I realized, how grateful I am for having her in my life. It's like Sherlock, isn't it,  he's changed you too. I know he was the one who forced you to meet me again, and help me kick the bottle. He helped you trust me. But it's not just that.
He took a moment to gain his bearings and internalised the massive chain of events that had occurred the day before. Then, still rubbing his eyes, John trudged down the stairs, to find the reason behind all the noise outside.
For a moment they stood there, looking foolishly into each other's eyes, trying to process what each had just felt, and what new knowlegde they had acquired.
As always, please leave kudos and comments if you like the chapter and/or the fic!!
Somewhere in London, two women lay naked in bed, languid, when a mobile phone rang.
She listened to some specifications for a while and then cut the call.
They should have been comforted by this, and they were to a certain extent, but it still took a few minutes for them to finally face each other and attempt it.
After Mary had died, and John had moved back in, he had begun to realize something. That the affection that he had for Sherlock before, was still present, stronger than ever before, but something else had creeped in too. He found himself staring at Sherlock's lips, and sometimes wondered what it felt like to kiss them. He began to become overly conscious of little things: their hands brushing when they reached out for the same thing, their closeness as they sat on The couch, Sherlock's breath on his neck when reading through John's writing, his head JOhn's shoulders.
"So what are we looking for?" Lestrade asks as John joins them, preparing to jot down Sherlock's findings on the police report.
She catches sight of something amongst the cacophony of images splayed out on the table. One photo stands out amongst the rest to her. He watches her pick it up, the look of shock on her face apparent and unguarded. But it's more than just shock. The slowness with which she peals it away from the rest, inch by inch, is magical to watch-- like the pictures are an old jigsaw puzzle and she's fitting the last piece into place.
you?!" John repeats in a fit of inclement rage, for which he would later express his sympathies to the neighbors, "Okay, full stop. She didn't best you, she
“In the interest of what I can only view as an academic exercise.” Sherlock tags on, leaning back on the doorframe leading to kitchen interior.
Sherlock: Yes. I mean, well no, actually no.
"He's not a freak," John bites in, not that anyone is convinced. While the rest of them still linger behind the caution tape, Sherlock has wasted no time in familiarizing himself with the scene, trudging forth in the darkness through the soggy, saturated grass to where the area has been cordoned off. He watches Sherlock combing over the crime scene while the rest of the police stand by like vestigial appendages.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow and eyes widen on him in incomprehension.
Mycroft looked him up and down. “John.”
“Yes.”
John rolls his eyes. "Sherlock, I'm still the same man!"
"God, I hope you don't go around telling the press that. He's not at large, he's dead. Evidence confirmed it was Sorace this morning." Taking the page Sherlock has handed him, Lestrade squints at what appears to be a bunch of squiggly lines in a square and doesn't know what to make of it. It's too early in the morning for Sherlock's antics. "What is this?" he asks flat-out. When Sherlock starts explaining, it goes a little over his head, so he pulls Anderson in to translate.
" John hears Mary's voice though the receiver. She's amoungst the crowd of congregating onlookers spaced out behind Sherlock, trying to get the phone.
John is sitting on a bench outdoors, wearing jeans and a jumper instead of his inpatient uniform. He studies his shoetips, flecked with water droplets, legs outstretched in front of him and crossed one over the other.
wedding could not have been filed under
Mary: Also.. could you give us the Altoid intake too?
?” he hears Mary remark with an astonished tone of voice, her attention directed at their feet.
“She’s not my mother, Dad,” she snaps suddenly, eyes darting to his. “You’re married to Sherlock!” she blurts out, not entirely intentionally, and then it goes very silent. Good for brainwork.
Despite Lestrade's eagerness for a break in the case, Sherlock doesn't respond at first, distracted and preoccupied with thoughts of his own, so Lestrade prompts him.
"There's signature sewn into the back of the victim's shoulder," he says.
," Sherlock quips back.
"No, we are not going to him!" Sherlock says indignantly, like he's read John intentions through the simple gesture, his aversion to the idea becoming readily apparent. John is taken aback by the fierceness and near-violence with which he tears his hand away.
SHERLOCK: JOHN? WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT FOR? WHY DO YOU LOOK SO HORRIFIED?
Sherlock catalogues the composition of waxes and oils, viscosity, durability, tendency to smear. Beset with a million other sensations, finally he detects the toxic, sweet taste of lead beneath the tart deluge of wine. When he parts from her, he's met with a set of eyes of unknowable depths, fueled by all forms of twisted passion, and knows for sure she's the one.
"You're just like her," he says. John can only stare in disbelief, like Sherlock's mistaken his heart for a tomato (close enough, right?) and taken a knife to it to dice it on the cutting board.
"John I'm serious-" Sherlock is insisting.
"Does this normally work on all the girls?" she asks, arching an eyebrow. Sherlock doesn't say anything, silently brimming with contentment, as if bemused by some inside joke.
Looking up from admiring her own nails, she quirks a smile, "Honestly, who would believe such a thing?"
9. DO YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH SUBSTANCE ABUSE?
By the time Sherlock bursts out of the double doors she'd vanished through, she's nowhere to be found. He scours the lobby area searching for her to no avail. He has completely lost his suspect. Profound. Spectacular, he thinks, raking his hand through his hair.
A week and half later, the infantry is called upon as reinforcements to stage a large frontal assault near the coal-mining village of Loos. The attempt to gain ground on the western front fails and they suffer heavy casualties. The soldier watches as the regiment falls into chaos and his comrades are felled in the midst of the foray, one by one. It's not long before he, too, takes a shot to the shoulder and falls to the ground, gun powder and ash settling all around. What trees and brush there were have been leveled, the earth torn up by grenades and land mine explosions.
“I suspect he’s brought it with him,” Sherlock concurs, a sly smirk curving on his features. It's a recipe for disaster.
which works by inducing fear due to the obvious disconnect between one's rage and the fact they are smiling like nothing's wrong. Two can play at that. He takes a page out of John's book and meets John's disturbingly polite smile with one of his own.
“I’m not made of glass John,” he says against one of John's fingertips, as his touch moves down his face.
Mary’s voice echoes.
"You want to bet? I say that man walks out of there miraculously unscathed within the next hour."
"What aren't you telling me?" He demands finally in exasperation, warranting no response other that Sherlock clearing his throat and adjusting his collar. Mary fidgets with her thumbs.
So... fair warning, this chap is uncomfortable.
“Into the water! You tried to kill me,” he states coldly. The torrent of water is racing, gushing at its maximal speed, sounding like the crush of a waterfall.
John’s eyes widen, because he detects a note of amusement, of sarcasm in the multifaceted voice.
“Oh my god. This explains so much. I’m so sorry for pissing on you for being gay. I didn’t know your dad was a faggot,” Nigel laughs, and oh boy does that elicit a dark look from Mary.
He hadn’t anticipated the presence of a second intruder on the scene. His memories of the man are disorganized- incomplete- given the state of hypoxia he had been in. But some combination of impressions and feelings, like a patchwork cloth, leaves him feeling ill at ease. Despite that the man had saved him- no that wasn't right- He hadn't been there to save him.
Sherlock giggles, out of view.
John stares back in surprise at the outburst, having had no idea he was aggravating him that much, seeing that he hadn't said anything in particularly incendiary to warrant that sort of response. Sherlock looks away, trying to contain himself, plaster on a mask of composure and suppress his emotions as he always does, although the irrepressible anger that's suddenly taken hold of him is bleeding through.
“John she’s cheating on him with us,” Sherlock’s voice rises triumphantly from the far-off kitchen, “Could it be she loves us more than the husband!” His voice is a ray of light, an outburst of playful, gleeful, ecstatic warmth that is in stark contrast to the mournful week-long spell of temperamental, overall irritable behaviour and desolately sad violin music John has taken the brunt of thus far. Sherlock had even veered off into playing something about unrequited love that had rendered John unable to breathe and begging the ceiling quietly for mercy.
“I just wanted to be with you,” John explains wistfully, feeling defeated.
"I was curious whether you were coming back," she says. Sherlock contains his annoyance at the jab at how his transport momentarily highjacked him and commands it to
to the end of that sentence. His whole body goes cold. It feels like lead in his heart when he realizes she just beat him- the statistically impossible just happened; a freak incident he has no means of rationalizing or making sense of.
“I am not obsessed with John Watson,” he replies like its laughable, although the fact that it does sound a lot like denial gives him pause, “at least I hope not.” (that would be unhealthy)
“It’s not like he could have had magical pixy horses with someone else. He said that I’m..” Sherlock muses on, searching for the precise terminology John had used.
6. ARE YOU PROFICIENT AT FLATTERY AND MANIPULATING OTHER PEOPLE'S EMOTIONS?
is the worser curse word and it is a much more advisable to blame Mycroft instead.
“Uh yeah. Sure,” he obliges easily enough, though he’s struck dumb and trying to feel his limbs.
“She forgot to take the handcuffs off.” John still looks at him in complete incomprehension.
Sherlock is trying to moderate his breathing, but whether it’s quickening from exhilaration or aggravation he can’t parse out.
Since he can’t push the red button, he tries moving his finger over the green button, and it obeys. He stands there, paused on the elevated perimeter of the rooftop, listening to the good morning ringtone neither he nor his sister ever bothered to change.
Mary sits down beside him in her blue v-neck nurse attire and badge, her hand overlapping his.
"I took the liberty of toying with a few alternative styles,” he elaborates with a loopy hand gesture, and John frowns, giving him a sceptical look. “But now you've exhausted every couple’s dance in my repertoire from Bolero to Veleta. And I think you even know ballet,” his voice lifts, interest piqued.
“What makes you say that?” he asks in all earnestness, “Not that that’s not an accurate description-”
"What's it look like?" She asks, taking the deceased’s key card. John kneels down to check his pulse, but he's gone. Clean cervical dislocation. John isn't sure if he's in the right position to be reporting in a murder considering their suspicious mode of entry, or who he should even call, given that this appears to be some sort of black site.
"If you adored me," Sherlock says mockingly (since there was no shortage of maturity here), "You wouldn't be
