Jack mouths the word, which is what makes Dean realise he used it in the first place.
the time to play the hero,” Castiel manages not to hiss this out. His heart thunders high in his chest.
“Yes, but I don’t go very often. And even if I
“Where’s Castiel?” Ellen asks, frowning at Dean slightly as she plumps his cushions and brushes the hair out of Dean’s eyes.
“Oh, shut up, Dean—” Bela glares, but this only makes Dean laugh louder. “I thought—”
When Dean wakes up, Sam is lying on his bed next to him, just as he used to lie in Sammy’s crib when they were children. Dean’s head is aching so much he thinks it’s going to cave in—that his skull is going to be crushed under the weight of whatever is going on inside of his mind, and his hands are still shuddering, when they used to be so steady.
And each one of these notes layers on top of the others, slips neatly, seamlessly below it, so that it sounds as though a song is playing, although the music never changes. It raises the hairs on Castiel’s forearms, he falls short of breath.
Cas’s hand moves to tilt Dean’s chin upwards, but Dean refuses. He hears the Angel huff a soft sigh, pressing a kiss on the corner of his closed eye. It’s soft and fleeting and barely there at all, but the touch makes Dean’s insides come up in a fluttering, swirling storm, like stars made into snow drifting down to earth.
“But I—”
I do,” Dean grins. “And
“Sírecht is the word for that. Old Irish. A home longed for, which you cannot return to.”
He holds it up, it’s Sam.
“Dean,” Charlie shakes his arm, drawing him out of his thoughts. “Dean,” she says again. “Are you okay?”
Dean’s eyes slide over to Castiel’s face; Castiel thinks he wants to be sick at the action, at the horror and disgust Dean’s eyes hold as they glare at him.
“Alright, what else d’you wanna do, Claire?” Dean asks on their walk back to the Impala.
promised
me,” the Human mouths against Castiel’s ear, and Castiel groans and closes his eyes, something burning wrapping itself tightly at the base of his torso and around the width of his chest. Dean is trembling with want, with tears, his face is damp and his hands fumble and shake in a desperate ache of longing so strong Castiel is made to feel it himself.
“Are you okay, daddy?”
“We should head back up,” Dean states, and Castiel’s heart sinks a little. He can only bring himself to nod in response, but he wonders if Dean is even able to see this in the darkness. “C’mon,” Dean says, and he stands up and holds out his hand for Castiel to take, which the Angel does. Dean tugs him to his feet.
“When I watched you rake leaves, when I thought you’d settled into a new life… I wanted that.”
ten hour!—
, so as soon as they’re back in Edinburgh, Dean is packing up again.
“I’m young, too,” Dean counters, the frown worming its way further across his face. “Father—you
“It’s just a violin,” he mutters, shaking his head.
of it: no more the ruddy golden light of sunsets in Kansas, the greendawns opening like a window in summer to fields cloaked in mist and haze, ready for the tending. How anything but sorrow can grow in England is beyond Dean; stone buildings rise on every side dull and uncompassionate, not like the warm wooden frames in the centre of the towns Dean is used to, with their alleys smelling sweet with rot and heat in spite of the ammonia occasionally stinging the air. Here is a barricade to the senses, nothing subtle, everything grim.
“Huh?”
“Oh,” Dean says. “Cool. It looks fuzzy.”
“Again, there’s no rush.”
Castiel, upon discovering the reason Dean wasn’t making a move—that he thought Castiel was dating Balthazar—should have said his piece and told Dean everything, before Dean had a chance to go and get himself concussed. The memory at least makes the writer smirk—after it was discovered that Dean was okay, and after two weeks of careful watching, after several days of having to wake Dean up every two hours, Dean is recovered. And the waking Dean up part was really no problem—it has meant sleeping over at Dean’s so much Castiel could almost kid himself into believing they were actually
“Thank you, Sam,” He nods. His eyes hurt with the threatening press of tears. Samuel’s lips twitch upwards. He, much like his brother, does not seem himself. He is pale and has sunken eyes and dark bags beneath each of them, and something about him seems flimsier, more breakable than before. “Sam?” Castiel calls, just as it looks as though the younger Human is bracing himself to leave their admittedly rather awkward interaction. Sam looks up questioningly at Castiel. “You keep an eye on him,” Castiel says softly. Something in Samuel’s expression breaks—in an instant, it is more exhausted, more despondent than ever. He nods, the worry gnawing at his features, his eyes red, and leaves quickly. Perhaps he does not wish for Castiel to see him cry. Castiel thinks he understands.
“Not nothing.”
John tried to get Dean to speak, too, and maybe took it as personal offense that he
Gabriel smirks first at Sam, raising his hands in surrender, then turns to Castiel, arms propped up on the floor of the treehouse, only the top half of his body inside, the rest still perched on the ladder below.
“We’ve got fourteen years on that,” Castiel points out. “I’m pretty sure that whatever life throws at us, we’ll stick together. Fourteen years, Dean. Fourteen years of friendship versus three years of away, and totally contactable. Which do you think is going to win?”
“You were betting on my romantic involvements?!” Castiel asks, glaring. Holy shit, Dean
Castiel seems to find it more frustrating than anything else, he gives Dean a tired, unamused look, and turns to speak to Anna.
The question comes out close to a bite. Dean feels weirdly like a teenager again, all on the defensive. And Cas could easily answer with another bite, could easily snarl in response with curled lip and an eye roll—but no. Cas nods slowly, listening, processing, unpicking, like Jimmy used to—a thought which chokes Dean up, and Castiel glances over to him with a worried frown. Dean’s expecting a classic
“How so?” Dean frowns.
“Do you see what I’m suggesting?” Michael asks. Dean draws back to himself, staggering in a breath. Michael pretends not to notice the sting of tears at Dean’s eyes.
“That he should doubt your love…”
“You’re in need of a shave, Mr Winchester.”
“It’s—a crack—I’ve always had it—”
The shepherd shrugs.
Dean kicks Impala into a canter, then into a gallop. He doesn’t look back.
you as that past self. You know?”
, Colt didn’t seem to like it.”
Though he definitely dislikes the use of ‘comply’, here.
Was it a good thing, or a bad thing, he wondered, that now he could put a name to the face that haunted him and set his skin burning?
And it’s the first time he’s been in Cas’s room in nine years.
one.”
Dean’s confusion is answered—and in turn increased—when Mara appears at the kitchen door, already in her pyjamas, beaming at him. Dean gapes, then smiles nervously in response.
“You—you have a bed, right there,” Dean points to the cot. The shepherd gives him a look.
“And who runs the other?” Dean frowns.
“Resources?” Castiel raises his eyebrows. “You do, now?”
Castiel finds an empty table in the corner of the bar, a fair way away from, but still in the line of sight of, the stage. The music has stopped, and Castiel guesses that Dean has gone to take a break, probably—and this thought worries him—drinking far more than he ought to be.
“Now,
“You’ve never done this before?” Castiel asks, nervous, unconvinced, watching Dean hammer out a silver bracelet for Ellen. The metal is braided and, if Dean says so himself, beautiful.
He tries again.
miss him.”
“I’ll call you.”
“I don’t—” Dean stammers. Everything beyond the barrier of Dean’s skin is closing in on itself. His hands begin to shake. “Cas?”
“Well,” Dean tries to laugh, “you name your birds such gory names. I’m not sure what I’d want to name your horse would live up to those standards.”
“How do we know that?” Castiel inquires, peering confusedly at Dean.
to stay in Evadne, to carry out his duty and become an Archangel, and all because my father needed a child to remain and carry out his duties as he became increasingly useless with grief. Our younger brother, Gabriel, was far too young to rule—less than a decade old, at this point. And Anna, of course, being a new-born child, was incapable of thought and reason, let alone of ruling a Kingdom.
“You need to go see him.”
“I know what a thing love is,” the King said, and flicked his silvery eyes away from the Queen and back, toward his son. “I know what a thing it is to love someone like death, like being separated from them is death.”
“I’ll be by your side.”
Castiel’s fingertips graze his own in the water. Dean wavers his gaze to the shepherd, but the shepherd does not withdraw. He watches Dean. Dean’s breath would be ragged and uneven, his heart a hot flash in his chest, were it not for the ethereal stillness of the moment. He stares. Again, he stares at the wild wandering man who roamed onto their farm and has patiently abided all Dean’s abrasiveness, every glare, every quip, with the grace of a saint and the wit of a playwright. His hand, grazing Dean’s hand, in the warm and seed-perfumed waters, sings of that steadfastness, Castiel’s remarkable and quiet capacity to abide, abide, abide with…
Dean croaks out a laugh, shaking his head. His eyes are still watering from Ellen’s words.
for a brother.
Sam’s gaze is glued to her.
But that’s it; that’s the last time they spoke—Cas has texted Dean at least twice a week with
Dean opens his mouth, but no sound comes out.
“Is it the people?” Dean asks. “‘Cause they’re really nice. And if they’re not, we won’t be friends with them, so it’s fine. We’ll just be friends with the nice people, okay?”
“Like an initiation,” Dean chuckles.
“Ah, and I’m sure he did
A moment’s grateful quiet.
He pulls out of the driveway.
“A man who’s had no call to be near a woman, nor certain parts of her, since he himself was born from one?”
“One of the things. But… Yeah.”
He’s more like Michael than he thought. Family resemblances bind deep—even in this: families become healers because the gift to do so runs in their blood; others lines of seers because brother, aunt, grandparent, all have the sight, alike. Gabriel and Anna resemble each other in their manipulation of sparks and flames and Castiel is somewhat jealous and hurt that he does not resemble them more.
“Dean,”—that voice, that damn
“Yeah, I guess it is,” Dean shrugs as they sit down. “It’s not much like Hera.”
before Donna leans up and is kissing Jody. Krissy and her girlfriend Josie are playing in the cold surf, dancing and laughing and kicking up water and shouting, distant, about how cold it is. But still everything is quiet. Happiness isn’t in having, Castiel had realised, that night he was taken away, it’s just in being—so what would you call this? Castiel has, and is, and has more than he ever imagined, and exists and exists now not only as himself but also as a self who is married, now, he is in the broadest sense and he
“Yeah.” Dean nods distantly, face troubled. “It was.”
“Well,” Castiel says slowly, “Dean is very clever.”
“No,” Castiel answers. “I’ve said. I’ve known you for
“Jimmy was Jewish,” Mary frowns, almost glaring at her son. “You
“That’s not true!” Dean shouts.
“Hmm,” Dean hums thoughtfully. “I feel as though you only put them on to guarantee a ride home, too. Am I right?”
thanks to everyone who's been saying lovely and encouraging and honestly just wonderful things to me, on whatever platform you've been doing it. you've been making me beam! lots and lots of love to you xxx
Dean never knew he could be so patient.
“I’m sharing, I’m sharing! What does this look like to you?!”
“I wanted to be here for you,” he replies, licking his lips. For whatever reason, Castiel actually manages to
(See the end of the chapter for
“Get out!” He shouts again. The shepherd tries to say his name again, but Dean can hardly hear him or register the heartbreak in his voice. “This is because of you, I’d be safe if it wasn’t for
“What do you mean?” He frowns; how could he possibly resent Castiel? He had originally, but then he had
“Yes?”
a hindrance in matters such as this, when—
“I just thought, after everything, we’d earnt our happy ending,” Dean says. His gaze is hollow and pleading as it falls on Sam. “After
“You want to say it back?” He asks, his voice cracking in his throat. “Do you know what it means?”
“Maybe—maybe it’d be better, if we didn’t move him too much, yet.”
“Eccentric, but good,” he chuckles. Dean’s lips twitch upwards, his eyes burning.
“No, you’re not like that,” Bobby shakes his head distractedly. Dean’s heart all but rips in shock. “I mean,” he huffs, “you sure do
“No, but she’s
workhouses. Fucked up, right?”
Dean stands, quaking. He can hardly see for sorrow.
“I just—” She shakes her head and looks away, still smiling, a telltale sign that she’s about to dismiss whatever she has to say next, “I think it’s so funny, the way we got together—like I was saying. Uh—this is stupid—at another house party, and—minutes before, I guess, Samandriel and Castiel got together—and then us.” She looks back up at Dean, who tries to hold his face like a mask. “Isn’t that crazy?”
Each day, knowing Cas, a little more of him unfurls and in spiralled patterns, complicates and enlivens and riddles Dean’s picture of the shepherd. Even jealousy on Castiel is something gorgeous and new.
“Wit sharp enough to cut with, Cas.”
He heads back out to the hall, into the dining room. The shepherd is laying down the parsnips when he approaches the table, laying a glass at every place. He gives Dean a small nod. Dean swallows.
“After—after nine years of you not talking to any of us, you ignoring and avoiding all of us, you suddenly do—”
“Of course,” Dean chuckled, “I could teach you how to fight by hand?”
he sighed, exasperated. “I ought to have you killed, for such defiance of the King of Hera! Such open disrespect, such disregard—”
“I’ve not called upon him, yet, for any such services,” Dean answers honestly.
Gabriel
“Just so,” he agrees. He peers at Dean, his eyes at once soft and piercing. “And what land is it, that has a claim over you, Mr Winchester?”
“Of course you do.”
He holds a bundle in his arms.
Castiel groans, thumping his head against the wall of their carriage.
And if Cas is being so gentle and determinedly physical with him, what does it mean?
Castiel takes Michael into his arms the way he would a child—the way Michael did, Castiel, on so many teary occasions in Castiel’s childhood, the way Michael did Castiel when their father died and Castiel no longer understood his place in the weary world. Only now does Castiel begin to consider that perhaps Michael felt exactly the same at that moment. Only now does he consider that he and his brother are perhaps more alike than unalike.
“They’re
“Even if… I’m not exactly a catch, Dean.”
He’ll have to face them. There was comfort in thinking he wouldn’t. But he’ll have to face them. Turn toward them, and Dean, as the earth turns toward the sun each morning. Or away from it, each night.
Next chapter ought to be up before the New Year! It'll also be from Cas's perspective, again, and will hopefully feature some comic relief in the form of Castiel's annoying family (i.e. Gabriel)
“Leave her,” Dean sighs, sitting back down at the kitchen table and putting his face in his hands. “She’ll be back.”
“I think we should go,” Castiel takes a hold of Dean’s hand and pulls him out of the circle.
“Who told you that?” Dean frowns. But Mick ignores him.
“Serve,” Castiel says. “Serve your people, learn from all of this, and love. Perhaps this is all any of us can do.”
and Dean’s ears start buzzing and he looks up at Ellen with his eyes burning and his brain scorching and reeling and refusing every time Dean thinks the word, and when Ellen finally says it,
“I, um—I realised, at Dorothy and Charlie’s wedding. I saw you with Castiel, and I felt—I felt so many things. But mainly ashamed, for all the months I clung onto you, unable to accept—” She breaks off. Dean glances up, troubled. “You’re a very easy person to adore, Dean,” Lisa confesses, smiling sadly, “and I—I adored you, and thought I knew how to love you as a result of that.”
“The last time you were there was…”
“You’ll have nothing to say to me at all, if you do that,” Dean points out. They head out of the room, back down the hall, into the kitchen.
“Just that—Michael said that the engagement plan may not even happen—and I was wondering,” Dean feels his heart sink a little—“I don’t like the thought that if it didn’t come to anything, you and I would never see each other again, would never speak again. I was wondering—if, through all of this, could we promise to remain friends—even if the engagement doesn’t happen?”
Jaw locked, he swallows, and swallows back tears. Love is fear, he has learnt: fear of losing Dean, fear of disgusting his best friend with the diamond-crush of feelings trapped within his chest, fear of himself, fear of the heat in his gut when that presses at his insides when he wakes. Love is a fearful beast and Castiel must constrain it.
he needs the reassurance of Cas’s touch—Cas being proof, if anyone ever was, that you can be close to God and fall in love with men. “If it’s something too private. But don’t
Dean, mortified, has started crying inexplicably as he relates this.
“Dean,” he exhales, holding the book tight in his hands. “What’s up?”
“Really?” Michael asked. The boy pressed his lips together and brushed a small piece of straw from his sandy-coloured hair. “I haven’t seen you…”
Dean’s lips quirk. Cas’s breath is soft and hot on the back of his neck. He begins, and as he reads, Cas’s nose grazes against his delicate skin there. Dean reads, and stumbles, and Cas is patient through it all, and applauds Dean when he finishes, making a lace of kisses over his neck.
He does sleep. His dreams are pierced by blue eyes lancing through amber bursts of flames. He dreams of blue eyes. He wakes and is met by grey ones.
with desire for it—and now, apparently, thinks he’s in love,” Lucifer smirks. “How woozy and fickle and easily swayed your Human hearts are. But being cut off from such an inexhaustible supply as a Kingdom
Long dark hair tumbles onto syrup-coloured shoulders.
to stop these words, wants to make his brother feel the same hurt as Dean is feeling.
Anna bows her head slightly. Castiel bites at his lip, averting his gaze.
A different darkness swallows him. His thoughts are ash against the sky he claws at the wall and shouts the words and the shadow of Alastair is behind him with a cut-mouth smile and a forked tongue and teeth which can, and do, rip skin like wet paper like paper wet with blood and the mark of a hand on Dean’s shoulder is burning, and burning with purity, but Alastair is laying a hand over the mark and poisoning it and everything and everything else and Dean can’t wrench himself free or even try to, and he’s shouting and crying and screaming and clawing rip-rawing his fingers against the brick of a closed up wall with an
“That’s what I said.”
“You still haven’t taught me Enochian, you know,” he says, his eyes still shut. “And
Castiel’s feelings for his best friends have, unfortunately, not dimmed as he prayed they would. The flame has grown hotter, brighter, these past months—no aided by the fact that he and Dean are now closer than ever, which is saying something; grief has knotted the two together so that they are more inseparable than they were even as kindergarteners, when Dean was stubbornly attached to Castiel and Castiel was stubbornly afraid of anyone else. Grief has bound them, Dean knowing strange sorrow for his father inverting the strange sorrow Castiel knows for his mother. Not many fifteen-year-olds can understand that.
“—That’ll teach you not to get that drunk again—”
“It’d be… selfishness, to ‘persuade’ him to stay, Dean. It’d be selfish considering everything Cas has done, in the UK, everything he’s achieved there. He can’t just uproot his life and set it back here, because it hurts an old—friend”—the word comes out stilted and sour—“to see him go. No matter how much it hurts. And I know it does. But…” Jimmy sighs. “I guess… I guess you could start by telling him how you feel,” he stares at Dean, hard, and heat creeps scratchily down the younger man’s neck. “Start there, maybe?” He suggests in spite of Dean’s reddening face. “Tell him. Tell Castiel how you feel.”
This is what Humanity looks like.
don’t lie, I’ve seen it, I’ve seen it. Why would you lie? Why do you lie, now? I know—I have to know—We’ve shared the same bed, we spend all our time together, you said I was
They talk in this way for a while. Dean thinks he confesses how much he’s missed Cas about a hundred times, but he can’t stop. Words spill out of his mouth without a second thought whenever Castiel is around. They sit on Dean’s bed, Cas’s legs drawn up beneath him.
But Mara’s excitement on
This is new skin underneath Dean’s lips—the skin he’d always imagined, when he did this with
Dean has heard of this from many of the merchants and storytellers down in the citadel; those who have travelled to, or come from, faraway lands beyond the boundaries of Corinna and the Tyrzan mountains that encircle it.
“You must be very learnèd for a serving girl,” the Heran snorted.
And he’s close.
And it will.
“Cas, please,” Dean is almost sobbing, now. “Kiss me—please, kiss me.”
“I think he knew all along that you and my brother would…”
Castiel sighs.
And because Dean is scared of how Castiel is making him feel, he takes a hold of Jo’s hand, pulling her from her servant work, spinning her around with them. Jo complains and rolls her eyes, but Dean is filled with joy at the way Castiel treats her, smiling affectionately and joking softly with her, mainly at Dean’s expense, twirling her round and bowing to her as he would a fine lady at a ball.
“Dean’s not in a position to be anything
he finishes, and looks up again at Alastair. His face is hot. Normally at this point, he’d feel a curl of triumph and pride at making it through a difficult sentence, but normally at this point it would be Castiel with him, making him feel that way. Now it’s Alastair. And Alastair looks scornful.
Uriel’s smile spread far enough across his face to be a lear.
“I’ve got a lot to do,” he says, spinning on his heel to face her even as he walks, backwards, out of the room and back down the hall. But he still makes time to give the birds, all the ridiculous fucking birds, their breakfast, and whisper a warm hello to Elowen, brushing her tawny front with the back of his forefinger. She’s used to this from Bobby. And Dean promised to look after the birds, last night. He’s just doing his duty.
Michael quirks another slight, sad smile.
“I’ve—the fight we had, yesterday—I said some—”
Dean stops short, Castiel can practically see the nervous breath catching in his throat.
“That’s what he is,” Dean answers, resistance to the shepherd’s words flicking his insides in agitation.
“Didn’t you come in your own?” Cas raises his eyebrows. Dean rocks up off the bed. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you just want to wear mine.”
Dean is beautiful. Still. Green, glittering eyes and thick brown eyelashes. Skin a little pale, and freckled, something warm in its undertone, like a small fire crackling quietly. A muted focus on Castiel, but his mind evidently simmering and flashing with ideas and worries and thoughts, and these glimmering across Dean’s expression. Castiel knows Dean well. Still. Can recognise all his thought processes, all his feelings.
up shit, Dean, just to keep me alive—”
“Yes, but you were the one who impressed him,” Castiel points out. “Which isn’t easy, by the way. Balthazar is, if nothing else, one of the stubbornest people I know.”
This is dedicated to Caroline and Gabi and any of my other lovely friends who had their birthdays recently <3 also to Caroline for submitting her edtpa CONGRATS beautiful and wonderful pal. I love you and am very proud of you.
“Raphael?” Dean repeats, and Castiel nods. “What’s he like?”
The shepherd looks at him.
Cas looks sad—scared, as Dean paces forward, heart, breath, fast and heavy. Why scared? Because he knows Dean is angry that Cas didn’t come and find him? How long—how
“—I really don’t—”
he nodded, still crying.
The seating plan is nothing stable: over the course of the next few hours, and in his time feeding the fire, and fixing drinks, Dean ends up seated opposite Castiel, across the flames. Sam speaks to him, and Dean nods as though he’s listening, but his eyes are fixed on Castiel.
to drive?!” Cas asks, eyes wide and flashing threateningly. “He’s
“Perhaps you’ll let me teach you,” the stranger turns to Dean to say this, but Dean snarls his reply.
“I mean—” Dean bites his lip. “I mean in my bed. Would you lie next to me? Like we always used to, whenever you stayed? I know it sounds weird, but—I mean, it’s got to be more comfortable than sleeping on that chair, right?”
“I told you!” Dean exclaims again with a laugh, and Castiel scowls.
Peaks crest up from every far off bank, covered in blankets of green forest. Jack watches them uneasily. He’s been quiet. Quiet since Cas died. Quiet and troubled since Lucifer died. Is it grief? Is it something else?
“Never,” David answered earnestly. “How could I, ever?”
“It was… I’ve had one of my colleagues readdress everything that gets sent to me at home in Edinburgh, while I’m in Kansas, and she forwards them, and she forwarded me this one—” Pointlessly, Castiel gestures with the letter, “it must’ve got delayed—or lost—or maybe it just ended up at the bottom of a pile, and she only just noticed it and sent it to me—but—”
“Some people identify as both,” Castiel shuffles a little more.
“…The passage of time isn’t usually something you wait for,” Castiel points out. “Generally, it just
Dean looks down. He can’t feel his hands. His left arm, the one he broke when he was fifteen, aches. But so does the one his father took a hold of in his fury.
“Oh, okay,” Castiel shrugs carelessly. “I have lots of books about them.” He gives a little smile. “I like books.”
They spend a slightly emotional Christmas Eve with Ellen and Jo. Cas comes over for the afternoon on Christmas day—his family don’t really celebrate it, but he says seeing as the day’s special for Dean, he’d like to share it with him.
They sit on the balcony outside his bedroom—the one that looks over the surrounding city and out towards the forest, then beyond, to the low mountains, and then, in a violet blurred and barely-there outline, to the dim mountains at the borders of the Heavenly Realms.
And the way Dean struck out against Castiel—fuck, Castiel will never forget about that. Will never be able to. That—
The jacket is hung up in Sam’s closet. It’s a discoloured kind of black. Dean finds a crumpled shirt in a drawer and does his best at flattening it out—hell, he knows he doesn’t have time to fucking iron the thing, so this’ll have to do.
Dean grins and ruffles her hair.
“Me neither,” Castiel replies earnestly.
“I doubt that I’ll survive this, Dean,” he admits, and Dean falters, frowning. “’The End’ might be my end, too.”
“Oh, gross,” Claire wrinkles her nose, re-entering. Zola patters at her heels.
Abra—”
He must feel some of that vast unnameable which stings at Castiel’s heart, each night.
“Aye,” he nods. “And not worse for it. Vibrant. But it’s softer, here.”
In his room, he closes the door. He takes off his shirt and soothes the balm over his chest and closes his eyes and draws in deep breaths. It tingles softly across his skin. He imagines that it’s Cas who’s touching him. He wishes it were Cas who touches him.
“And another thing,” Castiel frowns, “that I hadn’t really realised, until now—but now I see it—you’re really good with kids, aren’t you?”
“Who doesn’t?”
No, no, no—
it, the fucking shepherd—doesn’t seem bothered at all by the insult, in fact seems to find it a little weak. “I appreciate your determination, and I’ve told you already your work ethic is second to none. But you have nothing to prove, here. You’re a grower, a planter, a harvester. Mr Novak here is a shepherd. He comes from a long line of shepherds. All his family have kept sheep, for generations—”
“She worked on renewing them, and all was well, for years, until Uriel must have weakened them—under our very noses,” Michael grits his teeth and looks angrily down at the table. “Which is how those Demons must have gained entry, and attempted their assassination, or turning, of you. And
Of course, when Castiel steps beyond this, he realises the secularity of these thoughts and redirects them towards God. The same God as Dean believes in?—Does Dean even believe? There’s a hopelessness in his frame that seems to suggest not. And would it be the same God, a similar one, a semblance or a remnant?
you weren’t straight, and spent weeks coming downstairs in the mornings saying ‘Oh, hey there, Jo,’” Jo does an exaggerated impression of Dean, here, “’I was just, uh,’” she mimics Dean when he’s nervous and embarrassed with startling accuracy, “’uh, y’know, me an’ Cas were talkin’ so late last night… lost track of time… just thought it’d be easier if I stayed over…’
Ellen titters.
“Uh-huh?” Dean plays with his coffee cup and looks up nervously at her.
“Should we move up to make a space for him?” Isaac asks.
The photos of Cas, now, send agonised flutters along every crease of Dean’s insides: he catches glimmers of Cas’s face from interviews, his same mess of dark hair and profound, kind intensity to his eyes, the crinkles round them carved so softly they could be the lines guided by a sculptor’s hand on an ancient monument, the soft crest of his forehead broken by waves of worry-lines; gorgeous, all of it, gorgeous. Castiel Novak; always raggedy and unkempt and wonderful. What would he think of Dean, now?
Castiel laughs.
“I loved the UK,” Cas says, his typical, enigmatic, containing the mysteries of the universe tone. “It was my life for nine years. It
to move on,” Dean grinds out.
Castiel glances at Madra. Now that she’s finished her food, she scampers over to him. She offers Castiel the grinning face she’s been refusing to give Dean all day. His jaw clenches. The shepherd bends to greet her, scratches at her ears but remains looking up at Dean.
“Thanking you,” Dean corrects, “for all of it.”
“Dean,” he frowns softly. “What’re you—what’re you doing here?”
Dean wants to say something, to press at Castiel’s silence, but the time has come for he and Castiel to present their signets of betrothal to one another, and so Dean slips the two bands onto Castiel’s wrist in front of the entire assembly—to rapturous applause and a sea of beaming faces and not an ounce of privacy—and Castiel presents his to Dean.
seconds—” Dean smirks, at last cheering up.
right now. “And why do you keep on bringing him up?”
All around Dean lie corpses he cannot remember mutilating.
“Yeah, well,” Dean sighs. “At least we took Lucifer out.” Michael looks at Dean. Dean continues. “Sam taking him down… seems kinda poetic, after everythin’.”
“I don’t know,” he shrugs, “attention difficulties? I can’t read fucking anything, Cas. You know that.”
“What were the nicknames?”
Another chapter bc we're all probably having a terrible time atm. this one's nice and soft. loads of love! xx
“And these past two weeks have been the best of my life,” Dean states. “And I wasn’t expecting that at all. I wasn’t expecting any of this.”
“Dean, this is honestly such wack pseudo-science,” Castiel wrinkles his nose, and is already pouring some conditioner into his hand.
did Sam get them? And why are you so okay with this? There are
“Yes, it is very beautiful,” Castiel nods.
love might call each other sweetheart, as well.”
Dean looks down, shrivelling up in his seat.
“Don’t say it like that—”
“Now that’s not my fault,” Dean grins. “I went to the trouble of making
“I guess he’s not coming, then,” his lips turn down. He kicks at one of the chairs in the library. Sam watches him sadly.
Sat beside the Human boy, Michael found it easy to believe.
Michael instructed again, firm but gentle.
I'm definitely missing something out but !! enjoy x
“No chance,” Ellen blinks at Dean. “Miss Kline needs to recover—a sixteen hour labour isn’t something you
“What, and now’s the time to do it?”
“You’re asking me to quantify emotional attachment, Dean, which you know I can’t do. I might as well ask, how much do
“Got to?” Bobby repeats, raising his eyebrows. “Why ‘got to’? Who says?”
But Dean can’t breathe. The smoke is thick and heavy in his lungs, now. His throat is closing up.
political.
But it’s okay to indulge in the dream just for a little while, right?
“And you cannot love aloud, nor in the light,” Castiel says, “and I told you it was so. What’s my prize for knowing you so well?”
The fawn caught the food’s scent on the light wind blowing in from the north and lifted its head, inquisitive, if a little cautious. Mary held it out for the creature to examine—the doe raised her head also, panic flickering across her big, glittering black eyes. The stream still separated Mary and the two animals, but not by much. After another minute of stillness, allowing the pair to relax again, Mary moved closer, leaning forward, careful not to fall into the water. The fawn lifted its head again and sniffed the air between it and Mary’s hand. Mary leaned closer still.
Then speeches. Castiel, as a writer, should not have found it so difficult to put everything he feels for Dean into words.
“Someday, I swear, Dean,” he says, tone serious—but something in his expression betrays affection—“we’ll have a serious conversation, and you
His legs have given way beneath him.
Castiel sighs.
“Understand them?” He repeats.
Castiel hums thoughtfully.
“What? Why are they laughing?” Dean asks, frowning up at the group.
Dean opens his mouth to speak and glances up at Cas, but with the look he's wearing as he watches Dean, with Mara’s tiny hands clasping and tugging at his own right hand, all Dean’s possible words are stolen right out of his mouth.
“I think you need to calm down.”
Dean’s heart burns.
“Okay,” She admits, “so maybe Uncle Jimmy was good at it…” She swallows, pained. “And maybe you, too… But—obviously, Cas, I know you, and you don’t like—
And maybe he won’t be placed in the front against Dione when he returns to the army. Dean feels bile rise in his throat at the thought of having to fight against the Demons, and yet it is not an unreasonable possibility—and John seems to think Dean capable of the task now.
Dean’s face only gets warmer.
“Best save that for another day,” he says, and Dean agrees. Out in the piercing cool of night air, away from the croft, his heart thunders in his throat as he stares up at the whiteblue stars. He struggles to clear his head of the shepherd.
“He and his brother came round to my room, yesterday, so Cas could get a guided tour, you ass,” Dean rolls his eyes, and Castiel relaxes somewhat.
Mary squinted at him, uncomprehending.
to say whether I love someone, or not…” Sam mutters bitterly, his eyes flitting pointedly yet meekly away from Dean.
Anna repeats, lips twitching upwards, eyes slipping closed as though the word itself is food for her soul.
He scrubs his face with his hands and lets out a devastated, quaking sigh. He misses Cas. Cas is right across the street, and he misses him like the moon must miss the sun, part of him destroyed, missing, invisible.
Doomed.
“Goodbye, Castiel!” She calls at his receding back. “I hope you feel better!”
think
love. You wouldn’t marry your own mom, just because you loved her. It’d be
“Depends on who you think I fucked over more. You or Lisa?”
Castiel shakes his head and tries to reassure Dean that it’s not his fault, but no words come out.
“It doesn’t feel that way,” Dean shakes his head, concerned. “More than all you earn in at least a fortnight—where did you get it?”
“I’m Catholic.”
The things he wrote in this book; the once-precious, still-private things, reek of the entitled teenage pretension he had always convinced himself he never once possessed. Only with the gift that retrospect provides is Castiel able to see how conceited and cliche and self-indulgent he once sounded.
“How could you doubt it?” Dean asks with a laugh. Cas huffs.
Dean says, and Castiel almost smiles.
Cas, and has been since forever.
for want of a better word, in Dione.” She admits.
“I can tell,” Jimmy answers. “I’ll talk to him this evening.”
Dean can’t bite his lip forever: he wanted to tell Cas by song how he feels, maybe he should just tell him in
Michael shook his head quickly.
“So much?” Castiel repeats, before his brain can stop his mouth. Dean’s gaze snaps back over to him. He kicks himself internally, but he’s spoken now, so clarifies his question. “What does that mean?”
“That doesn’t mean it was the right thing to do,” Castiel counters.
It’s a hipster song, Castiel can admit that, now, with a wry chuckle. But when Dean had played it—or rather, when Castiel had found that it was on a cassette, made by Dean, he was riddled with joy.
“You don’t like pigeon?” Novak looks up with a soft kind of smile, gesturing to Dean’s hands, curled around the drink.
“The stepping stones are still here,” Castiel comments, not able to glance back at Dean as he speaks. “Which bodes well for the treehouse itself.”
Books, fucking everywhere. Books, and a couple of bottles, which, considering everything else, is nothing to be worried about. Nothing to be
“Did your dad tell you… anything?”
They collapse on the armchairs in the living room, in the late afternoon.
Dean breaks off. He looks down. He doesn’t want to cry; but right now, there’s certainly a real threat that he might.
Castiel shakes his head.
Dean clamps his jaw and stares out at the horizon. Vaguely, in the far distance, a hulking gray mass of land approaches from beneath the white vale of clouds. Gulls have begun screeching around the boat, riding the rippling air above it and tilting about like puppets with their strings pulled taut above the air.
“Amen,” the congregation all says in unison. Dean trembles, and only remembers that he ought to be saying amen with them when it’s too late.
Charlie looks hurt.
But Jimmy is kneeling down beside him, lifting up his head and wiping away the tears at Castiel’s eyes, checking his pupils and his head for injuries.
“And my dad’s been dead for fourteen years. What could he possibly have to do with any of this?”
Dean shakes his head and closes the gap between him and the knight. They stand face to face.
“What of the girl’s parents?” he asks, looking back up to his brother. “Krissy’s parents. Lee—Lee Chambers and his wife. What happened to them?”
a figure stumbles out and trips, falling in front of the bar covered in posters and graffiti, onto gravel. There isn’t a shout of pain, but rather a disoriented noise, and laughter from the blood red door open behind him.
“How’s Edinburgh?” Dean asks, avoiding the emotional intensity of this subject. Cas snorts.
“Looks like it, huh?”
“Cas!” Jo shouts, enough to make both Dean and Ellen jump.
“Me and Cas have been married
“You’d be bored before the day was out.”
“I can’t remember anything—” his voice breaks off again.
“Anyway,” Cas blinks long-sufferingly at Dean’s clamped jaw, apparently resolving to continue the conversation, “you said you were embarrassed, so I took you to Mary’s, but she wasn’t in—I guess in the matter of one hour, between me going to the Roadhouse and Ellen telling me you hadn’t shown up, and me going to look for you, find you, and then trying to bring you to your old place, she must’ve shot off to Sammy in hospital.”
Cas invites him two days before Dean’s birthday. The lecture is on ‘Progressing Forwards and Backwards: Gyres, Tennyson and
“Hm,” Castiel’s frown is a knot in wood.
“No, that was fine—well, it was embarrassing, sure, but that’s not why Cas left,” Dean tries to comfort, even though his insides are twisting painfully with the anxious
in spite, in light of that.
All of them stand, dumbly.
At least now she’s not pretending to be subtle.
Claire takes a long breath in, shaky, looking down.
he insists they call him ‘Bobby’.
Dean is confused for a moment, then disappointed, then he catches the smirk on Cas’s features.
Dean could easily entertain the idea, right now, that Cas still feels the same as he did, nine years ago—the heart tattooed against Dean’s chest confirms no less. The determined, sharp, thump-thump-thump that sends Dean reeling… This is the blow of love, surely?
she hushes, stroking his hair.
Castiel sighs and looks out over the sea in front of them.
Michael asks. Castiel shakes his head.
“Wait,” Dean’s face heats, “I was?”
Castiel leaves, not closing the door after him. Glancing back only once, he sees Samandriel’s hands clasped together as the boy sits, crying, with his head bowed to the floor.
a thick woollen greatcoat, like he did for Adam on the boy’s tenth birthday. With money
Murmurs of consent go up around the table.
“Congratulations, again, Charlie,” Dean says, unsure of what else to say. “I’ll see you soon, I hope.”
“Is that Anna?” She asks, and sounds disbelieving.
just following his instincts and  that he really does have no idea what any of what they’re doing actually is.
One asked, long beard twitching with worry.
Thinking about the Angel sends a stab of pain right into his chest. He looks down, his eyes watering.
would be more important than—”
don’t seem to think of each other as home, and if they did, then why does Dean’s dad spend so much time away from it?
“No,” Castiel answers, shaking his head. Dean licks his lips, cups Castiel’s cheek before his hand slips through Cas’s hair.
“Anything?”
But Charlie hugs him, tight and more enthusiastic than Dean could have hoped, far more tight and enthusiastic than Charlie’s size would suggest possible.
desertion at Dean’s offering himself up, giving in so easily.
Looking at him now, it would seem to be just so: Dean appears half-embarrassed, half-chagrined, as though he's silently berating himself for not playing perfectly enough, softly enough, emotively enough.
Castiel glares at the table. He’s turned numb. Twenty-one years, and it took him this long to turn numb to his emotions. But no, not for long—terror begins drenching his insides because no one,
“Shouldn’t you be in bed?”
“Define
“Because the caves are Abra’s dwelling place on earth,” he answers, gazing steadily at Dean. “The mountains around them are sacred; the caves within are
“—I can’t be all alone like this—I can’t—”
nicer—the library is definitely the nicest room we’ve got here, but apart from that, there aren’t many others.”
suggested, they sold jewellery and glittering ornaments. Ahava could not afford them, Ravid knew, but always spoke with her whenever she stopped at their stand, and spoke with kindness.
“You put all
Dean will bite down quietly on his lip, glancing at the floor and shrugging when the King works himself up into a bitter frenzy on these matters. At a remarkably early age, Dean learnt that it was no use disagreeing with or debating with his father.
“That could've been
“Out of the two of us, I think you’re the one more likely,” Castiel points out. Dean smirks and shrugs in acquiescence. He leans back against the walls of the treehouse and folds his hands in his lap, closing his eyes.
Dean beams.
Castiel snorts and hits Dean gently. Dean smiles vaguely up at the inky sky.
leaves Lucifer barely scathed.
“They seemed alright,” Dean says quietly. He flinches away when John’s eyes flick up to his face, filled with offense at Dean’s comment—but before he can do any more than scowl at Dean, Bobby cuts in.
“It’s a long story…” He murmurs. “I don’t…”
in vain. I’ve told you to stop lying. I’ve told you to leave. Apparently, you’re not doing either, so—”
“Yeah…” Castiel confirms, unsure of what it is that he is trailing off from. Gabriel’s sudden hurt sings down the line in his silence. A pause in conversation can hold so much more that all the words in the world, and only grief can demonstrate the significance of silence, the weight of that which words cannot render.
“What did you teach me about love?” he asks. “When—when we were speaking of names. That flower. Love-in-the-mist. Remember?”
When was the last time you spoke to him, Clarence?”
exactly. Well, I’m asking you now. What are we? What do you think we are?”
“It means assholes like you will foster some
Dean looks down. His chest is vein and bone, what chance could it have of containing what’s storming inside him?
something to be wrong, as an excuse to think about him? Or be sad?” Gabriel suggests. Castiel looks up and squints at his brother. However unusual it is for him to come up with a comment both as perceptive and serious as this one, this isn’t the case.
“Don’t be,” Jimmy shakes his head. “You’ve made a mistake, it happens, you’re safe. I’m glad you’re home, like this, instead of at some Frat party or seedy bar." The urge to retch begins to rise again in Castiel's system. "I only care that you’re okay.” Jimmy gazes intently into Castiel’s eyes a moment. It’s a look that Castiel cannot return.
Castiel scowls at nothing in particular and sits down onto his bed, pinching the fabric of the sheets, rough with thick threads of gold, between his fingertips in frustration.
“I want to go upstairs—or outside—or somewhere—anywhere, where we can be alone.”
But, like the slow unfurling of a fern to match the bright essential green of his eyes, Dean unravels slowly. When Castiel is stood over a pot with Sam, helping him with dinner, Dean approaches and presses a hand to Cas’s back, grazing his thumb in soft circles.
Streetlights pulse past the window and match Castiel’s uncertain heartbeat.
“Those should’ve been ready a half hour ago,” Dean glances up at Mick. Mick’s flicks Dean his signature uneven, petty criminal smile.
, someone he had been
Dean gapes out a staggered laugh.
“I know.”
of stuff.”
“You know the truth about the Angels, then.” Crowley rests his chin on the palm of his hand. “About Michael and Lucifer.”
“What, I’m your
“I can’t read,” Dean confesses, or rather finds himself confessing. His face prickles hot with needles of shame. “I—well, I taught myself, a little—but—I can’t—”
It starts to rain.
“It’s like living with an infant,” Gabriel rolls his eyes. If Castiel had anything to throw, he would hurl it at his brother without a second thought. As it is, and fortunately for Gabriel, his hands are empty and there is nothing reasonably throwable within reaching distance.
could—” Lucifer bites his lip and cuts himself off.
“No, it’s not,” Dean shakes his head. “It’s selfish. I’m selfish.”
He curls over the corner of his bed, plants his feet on the ground, hands tight around his bottle. He prays because—well—what else is there to do?
is a notoriously dangerous place for an
There is something so humiliating in hope.
“No,” Dean scowls, and this is, kind of the truth. But only because Cas already knew all that stuff, last night. Sam’s face falls. He glares at Dean. “What’re you pulling that face for?” Dean glares back. “It’s
“If we’re going to talk about people who should be living on earth, and not running things in heaven, I’d like to add
“Very,” Castiel nods. “I always look out, to where your Human Kingdoms lie, imagining your lives, here.”
“You wanna play catch?” He asks. “Or hide and seek? That’s one of my favourite games.” He bounds back over to Castiel, apparently more full of energy than he had even earlier, when he scared Castiel with how loud and excitable he was. His pupils are big and his cheeks have turned a little pink. “Sammy likes hide and seek best, too.”
“Am I not understanding something?” Castiel asks, frowning.
Anna glared.
She blinked a moment.
Dean says it, and it’s half true. But he’s still feeling weak, feverishly so, and shaken, and furious with himself at not being more constant and reliable. Thinking of things constant and reliable, he thinks of Castiel. Rattled by panic and near catastrophe, he wants Cas here to stand beside him.
Ellen huffs out a breath of exasperated air.
And Chuck only did this to fuck with him. To break him down further. Surely, there’ll reach a point where Dean is irreducible, is less than atoms, less than the particles which make them up. Will Chuck leave him alone, then?
“Right. Good.” Dean has to look down, because
of golden-brown roasted potatoes and parsnips.
It was all so natural and such a flurry of sound, sight, noise, feeling, that Gabriel was carried away completely, caught up in the flashes of Lucifer’s glittering white and red wings, the shimmers of Michael’s silver and gold feathers, their grinning expressions, their shouts and laughter, so guileless and sincere and happy.
“Cas—I don’t want you to see me like that—”
“What do you mean?”
“Aye, I’d say so. Mother’s bonded, is cleaning them. She’ll be stood up soon. And they’ll be causing terror in no time. Let’s cherish this peace while we can.”
“It’ll be nice to walk with you, I guess.”
I only have good stuff,” Dean grins, and sits up to rummage in his bag, before pulling out his walkman and headphones. He lies back down next to Castiel and moves close enough to him that they can both share an ear of his headphones. Dean’s breathing slows, the twitching of his hands stills a little.
And they laugh at him and roll their eyes, affectionate—typical newcomer behaviour, they seem to say to one another, and Dean glowers and gets back into his car and pushes on, ahead, forward.
“Cas,” Dean says, voice rough in the soft sleet of rain. Adoration makes intricate work of the strings of Cas’s heart, weaves hope in with belief. “Cas,” Dean repeats, stepping forward once, twice, a stumble of footfalls, rainfalls, against the path. “Cas,” again, in a tone to mirror the disbelief in Castiel’s heart that Dean would sound joyful, riddled with disbelief, with a knot of hope, at the sight of
And whether it’s to himself, to the ridiculous metaphysical magic of the eyelash, or to the place he used to call home in spite of the fact he
Dean grows exasperated. They’re at the croft, now.
“Princeton,” Dean says, “New Jersey.”
He’s started singing this song to Castiel as a lullaby. His voice gets choked and heavy when he does.
His soul flickered in his frame. Ahava could see that it had been bonded to another. It danced at the seams of his body like it echoed with an absence.
“Sometimes I wonder, Cas,” he chuckles, the sound rounded and sunny, “do you mean to be funny? ‘Cause you’re hilarious, don’t get me wrong, but sometimes it seems so
“Cas,” Dean gasps, breathless, against the shepherd’s lips.
Dean glowers and continues as he had been going to. “I’ve kissed a man before,” he says again. “It was just after Cassie, and I was—maybe the heartbreak made me weak. Maybe I wanted someone to love. Even for an hour.”
before
“Cool,” Lisa shouts over the music, kissing Dean on the lips before turning to dance with her friends. Dean feels tired.
think it’s disgusting?” Sam asks indignantly. “Dean, to begin with, I was invested in this because I
Dean’s eyes glaze away, piecing it together, and…
information Michael withheld, twisted, and made up all but completely.
Even in the dark, he can make out Castiel rolling his eyes.
Laughter bubbles from Dean.
“He isn’t here?”
“I—I didn’t think you’d like me…”
“I’m sorry—” Castiel groans, unable to look up for guilt, head slipping forward to rest between his knees. He starts crying again, helplessly, loudly, unable to stop. “I didn’t mean to—”
opposite
to work with you—I know, I tried to persuade them not to, told them how much of a grumpy git you are, but…” Balthazar shrugs helplessly. “I suppose people can recognise talent when they see it.”
Ellen rolls her eyes.
Dean looks down at his feet, breath shuddering.
But Dean ignores this and presses on:
“It will give you powers beyond your wildest dreams, for one thing. You’ll be able to protect your kingdom from attack better than ever before, if you know how to
very thoughtful, and I’m grateful for it. It’s a nice edition. And I like Dylan Thomas—so you needn’t worry.”
“Let me be sure I understand you, Mr Winchester—I am to teach you how to shepherd, in anticipation of you firing me only to take over my post, and after each day of shepherding with you, and your sarcastic commentary for company, I am to teach you how to cook, with the food out of my own cupboard, and eat
“—That wasn’t me,” Michael says, as the sky darkens from crimson to a cloak of black. A familiar sound, a bone thrum which is ancient and hallowing, like an alarm but implication something more than this, more like terror, sounds so long and low and loud that the walls and very foundations of the castle begin to shake.
“It does,” Cas confirms. “Of course it does.”
“Cas, c’mon, you know I didn’t mean it like that—”
felt indifferent—”
Dean’s mouth twitches.
“The—where we first met,” Cas answers. Dean’s breath catches. “The barn.”
“What were you looking at, at the table here?” He asked again. She looked at him a moment, tried to untangle him. His eyes were a bright pierce of blue. His wings were bright and beautiful, silvery—he was nobility, at the very least, which explained Ravid’s respect for him but also the fact he assumes that, whatever she had her eye on at the market stand, he could afford.
“It’s funny to think,” Ellen says, beginning on the pots and pans she cooked with, “I never would’ve gotten to know you as well as I did, if you hadn’t come to work at The Roadhouse.”
Cas knew him. Cas knew him by every fibre and follicle, every piece if grit and gristle, and yet, and
to understand how much effort was required just to track him down. Anyway—he bears a mark. A mark, they say, which can be transferred—along with all his powers.”
Dean for all of his unkind words in the forest.
“Okay,” Castiel shakes his head, biting down on amusement. “It’s all either praising God, or in the form of prophesies, though. It’s nothing like your Human poetry—”
Castiel doesn’t know anyone in the neighbourhood so his first birthday party in the new house is just him, Dean, his dad, and his brothers. Michael visits the new house from college and is taken aback by Dean’s energy but smiles at Castiel’s excitement over Dean’s birthday present to him, and smiles wider when he sees Dean’s card and spots Dean’s words underneath the picture of him and Castiel. It’s the first time Castiel’s seen Michael smile since…
“I thought you were good at haggling,” Dean points out.
so good.
scary with red eyes. Dean’s glad it’s a girl.
Castiel’s head darts back up to look at the green house opposite him. The lights are on, one in the living room, one in the kitchen. If Dean is there, Castiel wonders what he’s thinking, how he’s feeling. Castiel used to dread this day, every year—with a dread like death—used to wish he would not mark it but inevitably, always, would. Like clockwork, like the clockwork of a terrible machine.
has managed not to meddle. We live for it, apparently. It's biological.” They’ve reached, and stopped at, the top of the stairs, stood on the landing. Cas sighs. “Apart from my dad,” he admits, softening at the thought.
“Did you catch the pigeon yourself?” He asks, trying to shift the tone of the conversation. The shepherd blinks, unimpressed by the clumsiness of this move.
“Of course,” Jack confirms.
“Hey, asshole, the word privacy mean anything to you?”
There is a war raging in Dean’s mind, and he is exhausted. Everything hurts.
“Yeah. Yeah,” Dean agrees, breathless, thoughts stolen from his lungs with his hand entwined with Cas’s. “Me too.”
Dean nods, turning again onto his back and staring at the ceiling.
“And, what, he didn’t like you?”
“Coupl’a weeks,” Dean answers.
“That explains your wet hair, I suppose,” Sam shrugs. “And you, Castiel?” Sam asks.
The world aches, it is dissolving into blackness above Dean; he glances down and sees a broken sword still caught in his leg. It has torn through him with such ease that Dean is reminded bizarrely of a piece of cooked meat speared onto a fork. Vision fogged, he tries to move his hand, but not even a fingertip twitches. Dean is going to die, and this certainty grows stronger and stronger inside of him.
“I don’t have the energy for this,” Anna sighs, raising her arms in exasperation.
“I know,” Sam smirks. Dean frowns at the expression. “You mentioned that to Prince Castiel, earlier.”
Castiel smiles. He kisses Dean deep. Eternity is in his eyes: the Antarctic, incomprehensible for age and size. He contains multitudes. When he pulls back, he turns off the stream of  hot water.
“Somehow, I think I’ll live without.”
“So—I totally get it, if you wanna just, pass out, now—”
“Sorry, who did you say you wanted to take you?” Meg asks with a giggle. The rest of the group, bar Bela and painfully Lisa, join in.
awry, and broken.
Gabriel huffs childishly and looks away. He returns to his previously withdrawn character, the air between himself and his younger brother turning again stale with the dispassion and shock of a sudden loss. Every breath is numb and electric.
Sam huffs in agreement.
years younger than me, Anna, don’t talk down to me!”
“What made you come to that conclusion?” Castiel asks with a chuckle.
What stretches of Dean’s life has Cas missed? Always, always, he was beyond content, to sit and orbit the gravity of Dean Winchester, to rejoice in the smudged gold glimmers of his soul, to find in Dean a new object of praise, of hope, of faith. Faith is a light burden to bear. It’s barely a burden at all. Especially when it’s faith in Dean.
Is there a word for the absence of an echo? When you call into a vast, dark space and expect an answer, even just a reflection of your own voice, but nothing will call back to you? These are Dean’s thoughts. This is the world.
are sung. Dean just begins to sway them, slowly, while
“Dean,” Castiel’s hands find Dean’s shoulders, again, and he doesn’t know what he could possibly say next. But as he, ironically a writer, struggles for his words, his phone begins to ring, rattling in his pocket. He’s about to reject the call outright, but then remembers Ellen and why it is he actually went out
who should—”
“Do you need to know what you feel, right away?”
bad—after all. He presses his lips together. And then he decides to be friends with Dean. Even if Dean is loud and a little clumsy and excitable and easily distracted and
“Adam’s a softer creature than most.”
“Marry Cassie?” He repeats. Dean nods vigorously. Jimmy chuckles. “Well, that’s very nice. I can’t think of a better couple.”
Balthazar is smiling, now.
Michael claps his shoulder.
But wait—
“Fine. But you have to help me decide.”
“Not much—but then, I haven’t been out and about, much. I’m scared about going back to Edinburgh,” he admits, rubbing the back of his neck, “because it means going back to work. And what if I cry in a lecture? What if I can’t stop myself?”
Michael always says that Castiel’s father loved Lucifer, dearly. Gabriel jokes that Lucifer had been his favourite, but every time he thinks to bring this up, Michael casts a stony glare in Gabriel’s direction: Gabriel corrects himself, laughing, and says that Michael and Lucifer had always held joint first place in their father’s heart. Michael knew their father when he was a far greater and happier Angel, and so is intent on honouring his memory, on respecting the Angel dearly beyond his death. Perhaps because Michael can remember what their father
“Yeah,” he agrees. “Yeah. It, uh… it wasn’t small,” he says, with a laugh.
Wrong.
“You’re jealous,” Dean says again, heart a hearth within him. “Jealous of the Sir Alastair. Or jealous over me
Castiel’s eyes glimmer affectionately. He strokes at the hair on Dean’s temples.
Michael’s father shook his head.
“Not at all. Never.”
“—It sounds good, right?” Dean asks, eyes bright.
Aside from Ellen, Sam, and Eileen,
“I don’t see any need for formalities,” he seems to read Dean’s mind, “as we’re neighbours.”
“Dean—”
“Text him, then call him,” Charlie says. “Do it! What’s the problem, Dean? Say hello! Ask how he is! Tell him about your week, share something funny—”
“’Cause you know why he said he wasn’t calling or texting you? He said he was
“That’s fine,” Castiel shrugs, “I overreacted. Majorly. I’m sorry. I’m not sleeping…” But here, his excuse has come out too close to an admittance that
“Come on.”
“Only a total moron would’ve actually
Michael nods.
Dean sighs, clasping his hands, and resolves to stare at the ground.
He thinks of the anger borne of pain, the sorrow borne of fear, the love everlasting, brimming like a cup which could not run dry though it could, and did, grow rusted.
“Uh,” Dean flushes, “that he feels the same way, too,” he swallows, still not over the embarrassment of talking about this kind of thing, but at least Ellen’s steady hand on his arm is dimming any sense of shame he’d normally be feeling right about now. “Obviously… and…” Dean laughs, “he uh, he wrote me a poetry book, to prove it—”
He takes a long swig. The burn is good, purifying.
Enough. Enough. He doesn’t want to have to talk to Dean any more, to talk about anything. He doesn’t care. He’s moved on. He wants to grieve. Can’t Dean just let him grieve in peace?
“Him,” Castiel repeats. “He.”
“No, no need for that,” Bobby says again. Dean pulls the sheets over the older man. He feels as though his mouth has been stitched up with sorrow. “Don’t drive him away. Besides, who will take care of Cathy? She doesn’t trust easily.”
“How do you know?” Balthazar asks, not even defensive. He smirks over at his friend as he takes another sip of his drink.
“Are they—are they happy with this?”
a dozen families not paying rent may be evicted. Double that, and it grows more difficult. The more of you there are, the more he has to fear.” Dean rises. “I’m not his friend,” he says firmly, “but I
“That’s one of death’s books,” Michael frowns, walking round the table slowly.
Dean, since you spent so much of tonight, asleep on the floor, too.”
Dean mutters, turning to look at it. Cas beams.
Bed. He curls into the thick sheets, which again smell faintly of dust, though also lavender. Ellen must like it—at least, he guesses she made his bed for him. The night is dark outside his window. Someone—Sam, perhaps, while he was downstairs, has lit a candle for him and left it on the modest table beside his bed. His bones ring with a hollow ache. This is a strange new land. A strange new bed. He never thought he’d wish he could hear the sound of Sammy’s snores as he tried to fall asleep, but here Dean is, unable to sleep without them.
“I’ll see you all later,” Bela turns to Castiel,Tamara and Isaac, and waves elegantly with the fingers of one hand. Castiel and Tamara wave back, but already Isaac is entrenched in conversation with Dean.
She holds out the cloth to Castiel, who, blushing furiously, takes it from her, and sits awkwardly back down beside the place Dean lies. Ellen doesn’t wait for him to get comfortable: she’s already left by the time Castiel manages to speak.
“Why?” Castiel asks. He cringes at how many questions he’s asking.
Sonny pulls back.
“I’m Castiel.”
His heart is sad for a moment until he spots the stranger’s amusement at Dean’s fear. But the traveller has at least steadied his dog. Dean glowers first at the man, then the dog, then Bobby.
Castiel replies, a frown still worming at his features.
“Coming out is a big deal,” Lisa states, and there it is, there’s the truth, and Lisa is the one to acknowledge it, no more dancing around it with vague nods and gestures.
“I’m glad to see you, too, Dean,” Castiel answers, hands faltering in finding a place on Dean’s back. “As I always am.”
Castiel asked from where he stood beneath them, craning his neck up to look at Michael and his father.
He sits on the bed, which is pristine and freshly made, and thinks about all the times he got to wake up to Castiel in it. How many times he got to wake up to Cas in this room—more than could be counted, even when the two of them were dating other people. Which was dishonest, honestly. Even if both of them thought it was only platonic, both of them wished it wasn’t: both of them knew that on their side, waking up to the other was seared with love and adoration.
“It’s very old,” Jack says, and Dean flares with defensiveness.
Sammy. And he wanted you, and loved you, and cared so deeply about you, Dean, you have no idea. So there.”
“You didn’t make a move for months, knowing the truth.
“They miss you, I’m sure,” Castiel ignores him. “They’re probably
“The dumb son-of-a-bitch made a deal with the Empty. The moment he felt real happiness, he’d get taken by it. He said—he told me he hadn’t thought it’d ever happen, just before he was taken. He made that deal thinkin’ he could never be
“No—that’s like something out of a fairy tale!” Dean exclaims. “It’s—” he seems lost for words. “Wow. I’d like that, I think—at least the thrill of it. Isn’t that scary?”
The shepherd shrugs and doesn’t answer. He eats his meal. Dean watches, frustrated.
“And here I was, worried the gift would be considered improper.”
He’s silent for a moment.
While Dean’s stood pouring himself another whiskey behind the bar, Mary appears in front of him. He nearly drops both his glass, and the bottle.
“Dean?” He calls, when Dean is about to climb the stairs.
And Castiel, no matter how many times he asks, is never told anything else. Though of course, Castiel is able to work certain things out for himself, however blurred the specifics of these theories may be.
“Great,” Samandriel grins.Then he leans minutely closer, smile fading, and resolve becoming a little more nervous than it is happy. “I, uh—I’ve had the biggest crush on you, for so long, Castiel.”
“Not Samandriel,” Castiel says again, but Dean shakes his head, eyes stinging.
Castiel glances at him quickly, terrified.
“I didn’t know that it would hurt you, like this,” Cas says, sorry and sad. Dean shakes his head, blinks, wills away the stinging at his eyes.
“But you sang it well,” Castiel decides, with a teary laugh. “I—
Dean looks up at him. Even all this way away, Castiel can make out the shimmer of his eyes in the promise of darkness. He can hear the struggling, hungry, erratic sounds of Dean’s breathing.
Even in Dean’s balled fists, his body still twitches marginally, as though this is the most mortifying experience of his life, as though he wishes he could be a thousand miles away from here.
“Perhaps I’ll be given the opportunity to cook you something a little more impressive than eggs and toast.”
“Dean, I’m not following you at all.”
“I—um,” Dean flushes, hardly able to retrieve the words, half out of embarrassment and half out of distraction, “I’ve um, I’ve never done—I’ve never done this before,” he says, head pounding with the weight of this mortifying truth.
He leans in toward Castiel and hugs him tightly. This time, Castiel is the one with his face buried into Dean’s shoulder. In spite of the sadness of this conversation, and the sadness it has dredged up, and the sadness of the shadow of grief which looms over both of them, always, now, Castiel cannot help but think of how much he likes the smell of Dean’s neck, the softness of it, the short hairs on it, silky and rough.
“I want to be like daddy,” Dean beams as he enters his room, his mother after him. His toy cars and race track are still all splayed across the floor. It’s funny, but he’d forgotten about them all day. Normally playing with his toys is
first impression you’ve made, too.”
Who does this, in Dean’s life?
“She’s still not ready to wean, yet?” Dean asks, and Castiel seems to steady himself before replying.
“This is
And Cas is looking at him, leaning over him, hand pressed hard to his shoulder and Dean’s hands come immediately to cover it, he closes his eyes and draws in stabbing breaths and wills himself not to push Castiel away even though he wants to, and nearly does, out of fear, out of shame, and he begs to himself
“You’re at
But one day, maybe? Maybe one day. The truth is a sacred thing, but so is Dean. And Castiel cannot disrupt Dean’s healing to shout out his own feelings, especially at the risk of their friendship. No. He won’t. He won’t ever.
“My name’s Harvelle, by the way,” she says brightly. “Joanna Beth. Everyone calls me Jo. You can, too—this house is strange. You won’t find much cause to call me Miss, so don’t. And Mr Singer’s sure to be around, soon. He likes to feed the birds himself.”
to marry off one of their own to? And
“—No—”
good—”
“What are you doing now, Dean?” Michael interrupts. “You still working in music?”
but… If it had happened any other way, I think I’d be okay with it. Like, if he’d
by the—”
and then you wake up and it hits you, it hits you so hard it breaks you all over again, you start grieving all over again, you can’t face the
Michael sighs.
Sam laughs again. Cas’s fingers graze Dean’s arm before he moves away.
goodbyes to Cas—and he is going to die here, alone.
, and Castiel reddens—but before he can react properly, the service begins, and everyone is seated.
“You’re not annoying me. And you’re certainly not a burden. Can you trust me when I say that?”
Dean’s face doesn’t go any less red.
Castiel belly-laughs.
I’d believe that?!”
“Daddy!” Dean shouts, as John spins on his heel just outside Dean’s bedroom door.
“It’s funny, the way people talk of lost love. Like the shuddering movement of starlight.”
“And then you got braces,” Castiel beams, “and you literally would not shut up about them! You complained
him.”
“No, they don’t come out this far south.” Dean shakes his head. “They stay up in the low mountains. We only get wild dogs and foxes. Nothing as exciting as
“Ass.”
Castiel bubbles out into laughter.
Dean presses his lips together.
Castiel states.
Silence.
It is only after marking the expression on Dean’s face—though Castiel cannot think as to what could have caused it—that he notices something else.
“I always am,” Dean rolls his eyes, “I thought you’d remember.”
“Four years, then?” Dean asks. “Three?”
I only get good attention. All the men and women in this city are in love with me. All but you. How is that?”
Dean turns back to the door. A girl—Sam’s age, perhaps a little younger, stands at it. Obviously a servant: Dean can tell that much by the faded brown of her dress, the grease on her apron, the wisps of blonde hair about her face loosened by work, and the smear of coal over her left brow. Clearly, she’d been preparing for the day, lighting fires and heating up the house, when Dean’s tumult interrupted her. And clearly, she’s not happy about it.
the money for that? But then, Dean was a prince, he owned a portion of the
“No—yes,” he admits. “Charlie.”
“If necessary,” King Campbell shrugs.
Dean looks back at Castiel with his jade eyes glazed over. Castiel doesn’t know what the smile that Dean is wearing means. It makes his insides turn to dust, in any case.
“I—” Dean falters. “What?”
he stated, gaze filled with wonder.
But here, he trails off.
“If he really cared about you, he’d want you to go, he’d want you to be happy!” Dean exclaims. “I know
Castiel shakes his head mournfully.
“Uh, loud, during any kind of football season.”
“As a sign of solidarity?” Anna raises her eyebrows, glancing worriedly over to Gabriel for a moment. He glances back at her, the look he gives in response supposedly intended not to be for Castiel’s eyes also, but the younger angel stares pointedly at his siblings, dissecting each of their movements in an attempt to untangle all that they believe to be occurring. Gabriel shakes his head once, shortly, to Anna’s question, pressing his lips together. Anna looks as though she is not surprised by his answer and is instead rather disappointed. But surely Dean not showing solidarity with the Demons would be a good thing? The Angels are at war with them, after all, and—
“What is it?” Dean asks, his heart bleeding.
“In Hebrew.”
“Huh?”
“Okay,” Castiel frowns, the expression so subtle it almost isn’t there. “Why?”
Shit.
“Dean Winchester,” the King bows. “You arrived precisely when you said you would.”
“Pheasant. It’s a type of bird. Eat it, you’ll like it.”
“I can’t
“I love you, Castiel,” he says, and Oh, it’s a tide in him, sweeping through his chest constant and strong as the sea. “My Music. That’s a fixèd mark, too.”
Dean sputters on his coffee a moment, then swallows, mouth twitching into a lopsided smile.
Dean losing the one person he had ever thought he could be in love with.
A few hot pearls of tears run onto Castiel’s cheeks.
“You died,” he says, and looks, sadly, at Dean. Even in heaven, he still has the gentle blue-bruise of bags underneath his eyes. Dean’s chest is raw.
So, another piece of the puzzle! Next chapter will hopefully be around 3,000 words, and then by chapter 10 the updates will be bulking out in length (I hope!)
“Longing?”
But Cas is crying over his dead dad, which he has every right to do, and somehow,
“Good.”
“I’ve no idea,” Ellen admits, eyes warm as she glances to Dean. “Too old now, but perhaps when he was a boy…”
“There is no use in—”
funny trying. Both of them manage not to fall in, fortunately, and after that, Cas takes him to Evensong in King’s Chapel. King’s was Cas’s college, so Dean was always gonna act impressed by it—but walking into the chapel, he’s staggered.
tea is what’s called for.
“What for?” A ridge of a frown grows steadily between the man’s brows like a vine. “You seem hardly too fond of me, as it is. Were Mr Singer to pass tomorrow, or in a decade, I would count on losing your employment that same day.”
“—Angel—”
Sam frowns, confused.
Cas adds, and Dean swallows.
a poetry book—”
“You’ve been brave, now…”
“I trust you a great deal,” Cas counters, “and what, you trust
The sweep of his father’s hand crushes his insides and leaves him caving in on himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
His hand reaches to ruffle softly at Castiel’s hair. It almost makes Castiel smile. He wonders when he’ll feel like he’s able to, again. He wonders if he’ll
is broken and bad.
“Here we go,” Dean grins, lighting it.
Dean’s jaw clenches.
“Jack absorbed it all,” Sam says.
“No, I got
“Well,” Dean admits, cooling after a moment and remembering himself—and evidently, the fact that he is
“I never want to forget this,” Dean manages, voice quiet. “I never will,” he promises.
“It’s okay.”
and despite everything else, he thinks he may actually enjoy his time in Hera.
“Indulging every desire I could think of,” Alastair answers. “When you’re as wealthy as me, it’s very possible.”
He invites them, often, to dine with him in his great old house, and while Dean invents excuses as often as possible—the
“Do whatever—but I’m not gonna eat any of it, so—”
“I visited it in the Corinnian war,” he confirms shortly. “That’s it.”
“That’s a vast age gap between you and your brother.”
He realises this is because it's
to be engaged to. I wanted it to be you. When I first saw the Angels—when I first saw you—I wanted you to be the one who I was engaged to. I saw you, and I wanted it to be you.”
heaven, any time, soon?”
What has he done to deserve this kind of warmth? “Yes, Dean,” Castiel confirms. “More than okay. Very—it’s very thoughtful of you. All of this. I’d almost forgotten how thoughtful you were.
“And what of the cold?” Dean raises an eyebrow.
And the Angel doesn’t think before he pulls Dean back into his arms, squeezing, holding, slowly lying back on the bed and entwining his body around Dean’s. But the Human doesn’t seem happy with just this.
of you. All across the road,” Dean nods candidly, staring at Castiel.
Something vaguely disbelieving stirs in his stomach.
and his own weakness, about how Cas saw and must have seen Dean doing it and must have thought,
“Um—” Dean doesn’t know what to say—‘cause on the one hand, this really shouldn’t come as a surprise, for Ellen: she knows that he and Cas are close, even if she didn’t know exactly
Castiel exhales; Dean only catches it because of the fall of the other boy’s shoulders. He turns away and looks out at the road.
“Yeah,” Dean nods, apparently barely able to pay attention. “Yeah—yeah, totally.”
“I don’t know,” Cas confesses, “but… perhaps there was a reason, my grace was always fading, and fading, the longer I loved you. Like the pull of the tide, out to sea. Perhaps part of me… Part of me wanted to
When it dims, he realises that he really
with Mr Singer,” Castiel points out. Dean barks out a laugh and concedes this point.
His head burns with the words they shared tonight. His pulse has flared, hard, and won’t dim or soften. He wants to shout or kick but is shocked out of doing either of these things by the sound of whispering in the parlour.
with her, how easy she made it for him. His first love. His first doomed love.
“Three kingdoms,” Castiel continues. “There is Theia—where my brother Gabriel lives—it’s famous for its architecture and its warriors; there is Tyrzah, which is where my sister, Anna lives, which is apparently the most renowned for its artwork.”
time.” A pause, because Dean doesn’t want to reply. “Don’t think I’m any kind of fool,” Castiel shakes his head. “I know what stepping into fire meant to you. I know what it meant when you—when you, after escaping the flames, so foolishly decided to return to them again, on… On my account, I think, and hope it isn’t proud or vain to say so. I beg that you believe me. You’re a better man—a far better man—than you believe.”
“Is he looking well? I don’t expect he is, is he?” Lucifer sighs in mock sympathy, pressing his lips together in an artificially pitying line.
“You’ve said it a thousand times: she deserves a place, and a people, to call home.”
Castiel’s lips are tugged a moment, out of their melancholic position.
stowed in Aiden’s bag. So. Me and Cas’ll get out of your hair.”
“Oh,” he answered. “That makes sense.”
“Oh.” Dean looks over Castiel’s shoulder and presses his lips together. “You two… known each other long?”
Growing distracted by trees and kingfishers and the contented bees around, it was nearly sundown by the time Mary ventured back to the castle, in the end. The sky had cleared itself considerably, just as Mary’s bad mood had dissipated in the presence of the forest, and now, as well as having hundreds of wildflowers woven into her hair, Mary also had stuffed as many mushrooms as would fit into her bag, having scattered the remaining cake for the birds to eat, and nibbled on a little herself. She had found a leaf larger than her face with all the colours of green, red and brown composing its surface, and a handful of blackberries so ripe that they were delicate to the touch, threatening to burst with dark, sugary juices, and were a deep enough purple-black that they seemed to soak up all the colour around them.
“Remember the treehouse we made?” He finds himself asking. The moment hangs like the cut glass of a chandelier.
“When you were distracted,” Dean answers, and Cas runs his fingertips through the hair at Dean’s temples. “When else?”
to talk to him. It was fine, they left town a day after that anyways, new lead to follow and all that usual crap. Still, even now, Dean hasn’t uprooted all the thorned vines his upbringing—his dad—left knotted and choking at his own heart.
Dean looks at Castiel and squeezes his fingers softly.
“What is it?”
“But she is?” Castiel raises his eyebrows. Dean frowns. “Under your care,” the shepherd clarifies. Dean swallows. “You’re caring for her, are you not?”
Cas’s eyes are sparking with amusement.
the one who had to live with being queer, at high school.
“Only a little,” Cas says, and glances an apologetic eye to Ellen. “Sparrowhawks—they were what my—”
“Yes,” Castiel answers, “and no. Herans, Eofori, Corinnians, the Dionese, even those from the Northern Tribes in your kingdom—your religions are so different, your spirituality so vast, your cultures so diverse. Those from Eofor are pantheists, they believe God inhabits everything, breathes everything,
He slams the door of his bedroom and changes into running shorts and a tee, pulling his trainers on angrily and not bothering to untie the laces and put them on properly. He races downstairs, where Michael still stands in wait for him.
“Well. Now it’s an appointment,” Castiel answers. Dean blinks with a huff of laughter. “Don’t miss it.”
“Oh,” Bobby frowns.
“He didn’t seem to care?” Castiel asks, sidestepping this question.
Dean’s throat is still tight. He can’t even nod.
see it.”
“It’s the onions,” Dean says quickly, wiping his eyes with his sleeve.
Anna reminds, turning to face the younger Angel a little more.
made a lasagne. It’s sitting in the refrigerator. All it needs is to go in the oven.”
“Fuck off, Dean.”
He doesn’t say this as an accusation. Perhaps it’s a little amused, and mainly interested, in what Dean will have to say in response.
“Ah,” Castiel waves a hand dismissively, “Jimmy would want me to support you—as long as you were comfortable with it.”
pushed me into a stream—”
“What, like you wouldn’t have gotten the dog, if
Balthazar’s eyes flit back to Castiel. He smiles crookedly and winningly, by the corner of his mouth.
“Thank you…” He mumbles. Dean squeezes awkwardly, chuckling, and pats Castiel encouragingly on the back.
“Have the best rest of your wedding day, ever!” Dean shouts, as Castiel continues pulling at him to get his torso back inside the car whilst simultaneously trying not to crash. Charlie and Dorothy laugh and wave and shout out something in response to Dean’s farewell but of course do absolutely nothing to help out.
“And what about you?” He rolls his eyes. “I thought we made a pretty good team, back there. Now I find it means nothin’ to you?”
“Yeah…”
“You’ve gotten a few compliments, too,” Dean murmurs against his skin.
“I wish it hadn’t ended like it did,” Dean confesses. He clenches and unclenches his hands, terrified. “I wanted—when I let myself dream—I wanted it to look so different.”
the boy King of Hera, even when he’d practically spelled his birthname out for her.
And now, what will happen if Bobby’s health gets worse, if it crumbles further, if he—
Cas says.
So he scrawls a poem into the book, now, angry and scribbled and leagues away from anything satisfactory—but it certainly feels good for the sake of
And for some reason, he giggles at this thought, and something warm gushes through him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why?”
“And there’s my good master,” he replies. Dean’s heart tears.
my best friend!”
“Oh,” Mara seems to have lost interest. Castiel peers silently at Dean. “Castiel is a writer.”
Dean snorts, shaking his head affectionately.
“Alright, big,” Dean laughs, and surprisingly, isn’t even annoyed. “A big garden,” he’s breathless, a stammer of breath like a child’s after hours of crying. “With trees. And Claire could come stay. Jack could—could come with us.”
“Went to temple. Read, a lot. Did you know that Yeats wrote a poem about the pet cat of the woman he loved?—”
“Okay,” Dean nods. “What about colour?” He asks.
could’ve froze, with the look you were giving.”
“Of course,” Dean trembles. Air is still being robbed from him. The sun is, slowly, sinking. “We couldn’t find you,” he turns back to Cas, and trembles with these words.
“This part of me,” Dean answers. “It’s—it’s love, but it’s shame, too. And I could never—it’s maybe why I lashed out, so much. To you. All those years. Or part of why. I’m sorry.”
“Are you calling me stupid, now?”
“How does our story end?” Dean asks. He asks it so frankly and curiously it’s as though he doesn’t consider this a strange or invasive question, at all. But it clamps Castiel up; he falters, swallowing.
He breathes in, deep, and closes his eyes, tilting his head skyward. The clouds have become so dense that all the sky seems white, blanketing the earth. Silent snowflakes drift down, down, slow and delicate, dancing through the still air.
“Only if it helped you see how important you are. That’s what I meant it to say.”
“How good it is that we found her for you, then,” he tries. But Alastair doesn’t look as though he’s in much of a mood to humour it.
nice,” Dean protests, while Sam pulls an unconvinced expression down at his bedsheets.
But Michael has stood again, and shoots a ball of light at Lucifer. It hits—just—but Michael shoots another which misses completely. Or doesn’t: it flashes white and like lightning behind the cover of cloud, clarifies the outline of the wing it strikes, hard, and seems to fracture.
Dean puts his head in his hands.
Kisses planted like seeds on his lips. Kisses pressed like the clasp of hands in prayer. Dean is hungry as the sun and draws flowers from Castiel’s mouth like rain in spring. His breath is hard and stabbing against Castiel’s mouth.
to hate the establishment?”
—” Lucifer’s tone turns to something of disgust, “—with a Human
It’s like waking up from a dream. A good dream. It’s like—like those grief dreams, where you dream that the person you’ve lost is still alive, Dean thinks to himself, and wonders if he should explain this to Castiel, too. It’s like dreaming a loved one isn’t dead and then waking up to the horrible, hard, reality: a living nightmare. Now reality, like the cold press of daylight, is creeping back in.
“Too true,” he nods.
“For good?” Dean asks—and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d think this was a request.
“Right,” Dean nods. “But who decides what’s significant?”
Castiel frowns.
“With the pleasure of his company,” Cas answers, eyes fixed warmly on Dean, whose cheeks heat. Only a few nights ago, he would’ve blamed this on the alcohol he’s been drinking, but now he knows better. God, he’s had a blinkered vision, unable to see his own heart, let alone understand it.
if things get bad, again,” Dean pulls back and glares. “You fucking
“It seemed right.”
“Mikey, Mikey, c’mon, man,” Lucifer says, making some obnoxious fake plea, “I get the bitterness. For all you did for the old man, you got no better from him than me.” Michael gives Lucifer a hard look at this. “The son voted Most Likely to Suck, and that Sucks.”
“Like, it got complicated, my family. Of course,” Dean frowns, gesturing to his friend, “you know all about that. I mean, not just for me, but for you. Duh, you know what complicated means, what broken looks like, better than most. But…” He sighs, and rubs his face with the palm of his right hand. “John never made things easy for me… I never… I was never allowed to be
“Hey,” Dean says quickly, reaching out to run a hand over Sam’s forehead. “You’re worth worrying about.”
“Well, I think it a wonderful idea,” she said purposefully, and watched the King as she spoke. He swallowed and frowned. “You leading a Human life, and Lucifer to take the throne as High King, when his time comes? It works perfectly.”
Dean snorts.
“Is there any way of stopping it?” Dean asks, shocked. “Or knowing if it’s fake, if you’re being manipulated?”
“Well, I have others. Gorgon was a favourite of mine—but perhaps you’d like to visit, and see the others in my collection.”
When once, maybe, he could’ve had everything.
He groans and stands up, muscles burning, utterly parched. Realising, kicking himself, that he has no money to buy water, or any kind of drink, Castiel begins a slow and tedious walk back home.
“So you’ve had a bad day, Dean?” Jimmy asks, passing him a bread roll. His dark eyebrows are pinched together into a frown. Dean looks down at his plate and shrugs. He had forgotten about feeling sad when he was with Castiel, moments ago, but now it's all coming flooding back to him. “I saw you sat on your front porch step,” Jimmy informs, voice gentle. He pours Dean a glass of water. “I’ve got three sons; I know what a sad little boy looks like.”
Wait.
“We’re gonna have to return you to your room, soon, aren’t we?” Dean asks sleepily. Castiel’s heart sinks again.
“But you’re teaching me about cars,” Jack says, expression falling. Dean sighs.
no,” Dean shakes his head. “I’m not counting chili.”
Goddammit, Dean married a smug bastard.
I thought an update would be a nice festive gift! I hope everyone has had a lovely day today (with/without celebrations)
“And?” Dean raises his eyebrows. Cas chuckles.
John’s eyes hold only sadness. His body, the body Dean once admired and believed to be unbreakable, unchanging and constant, is weakening with every day that passes. Dean has taken over all of John’s duties. John is only King by title. Sometimes, Dean looks in the mirror and sees the same dark circles under his eyes that he sees beneath his father’s.
As he speaks, his face grows redder and his eyes grow wetter and wetter in bursts of feeling, until finally, Dean is crying.
“And,” Castiel draws in a long, deep, inward breath that betrays the length of the explanation he is about to give, “I know a great deal of what
“Why not?” Castiel asks, again. He narrows his eyes as he regards Dean, and tilts his head to the side, but something about his action makes Dean smirk. Castiel frowns and composes himself again.
“He does,” Gawaine confirmed. “But why are you so concerned by that, Miss Campbell? Have you any plans to wed the man and make yourself a Heran Queen?”
“You have my thanks, all the same,” Dean answers, and Bobby looks back at him, flashing a smile as if Dean has said the wrong thing. Perhaps, already, he’s wishing he’d chosen Sam or even
“You and Castiel,” Lisa starts up again, “what’s the story, there? Are you two together, now?”
Anglicised, dude. I can’t even believe it.”
Sam presses his lips together a moment.
“If I were a woman, I’d be able to kiss you whenever I liked.”
“Right back at ya.” And, of all things, Dean shoots some fucking
“We didn’t think you’d believe we were gonna kick you out, in the first place.”
“Oh—I wouldn’t wish to subject—”
“Well, I’m sorry that it took this long, then,” Dean says.
“Vetis—” one of the last three Demons begins to protest, but Vetis silences him with a look.
all the best to you - next update coming soon as I am !unemployed!
“I don’t think I was willing to accept the truth, and I think you were too nice to tell me it.”
any of that pie.”
Anna starts, rubbing her temples with her thumb and forefinger,
, standing on the steps leading up to the huge main doors of the castle, and the Angel has forgotten how to breathe.
They’re kissing.
Cas seems to read Dean’s needs—well, like always—and keeps conversation in the car lighthearted and surface-deep. Or as surface deep as either of them
Dean had dared to stray in his love for Cassie and would have strayed again in his lust for Lee, for any man, and which would be the bigger offense?
“Are you going to brush your teeth or not?”
Devout. So he’d
Ellen,” Dean groans, trying to stagger up, but failing miserably and falling backwards, “I forgot, I forgot—”
Like so many other nights, the pair sit on Cas’s roof; the part that juts out below his bedroom window, over the front porch of the big white house; drinking beer. They don’t need to steal it any more, it turns out that Jimmy noticed his liquor supplies were being constantly raided
Dean sputters.
Dean looks back.
His brother’s voice fills with earnest.
“That makes you angry,” the writer nods, looking down, his face damp. Dean feels like a dick. Like, an actual
“We won,” Jack smiles.
Dean carves it out in full because he wants to savour, repent, grieve every letter. Taste the shape of each consonant at the awkward carving and the shuddering steadiness of his drunken, determined hand.
“I don’t know…” He shrugs—but of course, again, Dean is unconvinced.
The messenger grows more solemn. Their next words are hesitantly spoken.
Cas glances at Dean, not wanting to lead this one, probably out of respect for Dean.
He’s not my best friend.”
Dean is set awry.
Refusing to see Dean was perhaps a needless cruelty. But isn’t it always those already wounded that hurt others most?
What a longing is netted in him.
“This is mighty bitter. Would you prefer honey in it, or rather just drink it in one and be done?”
“What’s—” He stammers his words, his eyes wider than before, and, for some reason, greener, in the amber light. “What’s that?”
Almost all the stories Dean was told as a child were told by his mother, and they were all about Angels. Castiel certainly won’t want to hear a story of his own biology, or his own culture.
“Four
Castiel’s chest caves in. Dean must make out the fresh and frantic rate of his newborn heart beneath his fingertips.
“You know what? Forget it,” Dean’s face sets, rigid and hostile. A vein flickers at his temple, sour with vitriol and anger. “You wouldn’t know what fucking someone
she pleaded, attempting to force the little boy back into Michael’s arms.
“I was?” Dean asks, distracted.
had a hard time of it—
A stranger to death, a stranger to Amelia, and perhaps even a stranger to Cas—these are sorrows Dean did not know and knowing now, cannot comprehend. The way that objects are outlined by shadow and shade, the absence of light, so Castiel has been shaped by the absence of his mother. And all Dean can do is find the lines of Cas’s hands in the darkness and clasp them.
But then Dean wins the next round. And the next.
It’s tiring work.
Dean’s eyes shine in the darkness.
The wind might lash his face, his skin might grow stiff from the cold and the spray of salt, but he needs the space to clear his thoughts, to honour and dwell on the land he’s leaving, will perhaps never be able to honour and dwell on again.
“I’ll try.”
“Uh,” Ellen chews at her lip, face contorting in an anxious attempt to recollect. “I—he got in a big fight with Sammy, this morning—”
couldn’t kill you,” he calls to his brother. The Archangel blade is still in his hand. But only for a second. He throws it to Sam, who lurches into reality, catching it. Lucifer only has time to blink. It’s driven into Lucifer’s chest before he has time to react, to recoil, to respond in kind.
“I’m very grateful, Dean. For everything. For your thousand kindnesses.”
“Right,” Dean nods, teary.
November, like the frost-bitten hills, rolls into December. Grass cracks underfoot, Ellen makes Dean a pair of fingerless gloves to assist him as he works, and Dean keeps a hold of the cloth Mr Novak bandaged his hand with, that drunken night. It sits at his bedside table and he finds himself staring at it, often, his mind tracing the ridges of cliffs he doesn’t recognise. The year is exhaling, trees have shuddered off their leaves and long months of cold—colder than it is, even now—draw in. Bobby laughs at Dean’s complaints, lets him know this is one of the warmest, by far, parts of England. Dean isn’t sold.
in his life so far, not even his own father. And Dean
“Not my love for you,” Dean shakes his head. “Life might change, but my love won’t—”
Dean huffs and looks away, blinking out more tears.
“Good, thank you, Dean. And nice deflection, by the way.”
music,” he says again. “You—I never even knew you paid that much attention—”
haven’t? …Oh my gosh, Bal—what’ve you been waiting for? What
“It did seem as though it would be a little… inconsiderate,” Cas shifts awkwardly, and Dean presses his lips together, trying not to laugh at Cas’s worried discomfort. “So we, um, well—we thought it’d be best, if we brought him somewhere safe and warm—”
“Mine, too.”
“Romance.”
landed right outside.”
“Don’t.”
he groans.
“Are they pretty?”
“Sure!” He exclaims. Then he
“Well…” A girl at the front of the class begins to answer awkwardly, “yeah, kinda?”
“Thank you, Dean.”
“What about kindergarten?”
“It’s fine,” Dean says, and he runs a hand through his hair, ruffling it. “Like I said, it was when I went to war—I don’t want to go into that much detail, if it’s alright. But, something went wrong… someone fucked up, or… our whole division got sent to the wrong place, and we were ambushed, and—” Dean sighs, breaking off. “We lost a lot of men.”
“I should have stayed with him,” Michael shakes his head. “We were to marry, he and I… And I would one day carve out my grace and fall, gladly, into his arms, and…” He looks back up at Castiel. “You know he was a castle hand, Castiel? Not even a squire, nor a knight. Not a noble drop of blood in his veins. Did you know that?”
He is tired, always. He aches. The physicians tell him he has broken multiple bones. They tell him he is lucky it wasn’t anything worse. They tell him he’d been lucky to survive. That he’s lucky he’s so young, so healthy.
“I’d do no such thing,” Cas shakes his head, and turns them about. “Not ever.”
it!” Dean bellows, still fiercely attempting to wrench himself free, drunkenly, in thick sheets of sleet.
“Perhaps,” he admits. “But people have been patient, with much harder things,” he hums. He squeezes Dean’s body, as if expecting a response. “Isn’t that so?”
“Oh, yes,” Bela nods. “My hotel’s just a block away.”
They laugh and banter, delicately, slowly, their conversation the cautious unfolding of a flower; they continue to collect remnants of what their relationship used to be, scattered in the grass. They find new things, new artefacts, new pieces, seeds of what they can be and may become. Castiel barely realises when they’re back at his old house. He stares up at it with a strange kind of familiarity and Dean asks him if he’s nervous; Castiel says yes. Dean asks what about, Castiel says the future. Dean asks him if he’s glad to be back. Castiel says yes.
“Satisfied?”
“Yeah,” Dean nods, agreeing, however absently. “And I think he’s glad it’s me, too.” he admits, a smug smile stretching across his features.
“Right,” he frowns. “But I should still probably—” He shuffles, about to get up, but Eddie grins and closes the trapdoor.
“No,” he says, “I’m still hunting.”
“No,” Dean frowns again, “I don’t find it hard to believe. And I have, too—so it’s not—not like that. And it’s not a great
“Nothing I can’t help,” the shepherd says. Dean doubts it. “My house is just here,” he gestures with his head to the small, ancient building while he rubs his thumbs down the length of Dean’s fingers. “Come.”
“So I have your support on this?”
“Yeah.”
“And I said I understood,” Dean says, words trembling as they fall softly out of his mouth, his voice rasping. “I’ve—I’ve stood in silence, too. I’ve—I’ve bitten my tongue. I’ve lied. Not for the same reasons, but—I’ve hurt people I loved, thinking I was doing the right thing. Thinking it was a choice between lying and hurting them, or telling the truth, and ruining things, and then, in the long run, hurting them, more. And anger—anger’s right—but I can’t hold onto it forever. It hurts too much. And it’s poisoning me. And I said that. And I said that I wanted to be well, whatever that looked like. And I said that I forgave her, because I couldn’t not, because I wanted to heal. Because she’s my
“Only a little,” Dean shakes his head defensively. Cas laughs. “But on
He wonders if fucking up is something that he’s doomed to do; always, working like clockwork in a circular motion of
desire to be close to me,” he wants to hurt the shepherd, he wants to make the shepherd raw with longing he doesn’t want to feel, split him apart with jealousy enough to cloud his vision, he wants all of this and more. “If I have debauched myself by accepting whatever gifts he might have to offer me,” Castiel’s cheeks darken at his words, “if I apparently think so low of you, am such a burden unto you, if I cause you only pain and misery—If I am, if I do, all of this and more, why don’t you just go? Why don’t you just
Cas flashes him a soft smile. It turns Dean’s insides into pulp.
“Do you think there are more people?” Sam asks. “More Humans or Angels or Demons?”
wants is one of Balthazar’s mixes, more spirit than anything else—his gin and tonics are really just gin, maybe with a little lime and a suggestion of fizz—but he considers the ethics of drinking alcohol whilst looking after an inebriated once old friend, now—what, exactly?—and decides the morality doesn’t quite add up. He settles on a tea. He goes back into the living room to find Dean sitting up, almost straight, much to his surprise, with something clutched in his hands.
“I’m sure. Especially considering how little you must have to pay your employees, there—if we may even call them that.”
“Like, anything embarrassing.”
“Can we just
“Then why?” Charlie asks, voice quiet. She doesn’t seem to believe him.
Chuck Willis is playing under the buzz of voices and laughter. People are, fortunately, either too distracted or too drunk to notice Dean and Cas emerging from the store cupboard together and closing the door behind them. In the smoky light of The Roadhouse, Dean can make out Sam and Eileen sat in a secluded corner talking and signing with… Mary. Dean presses his lips together.
“I know that too—”
Michael’s voice sounded quickly, firm.
“What’s—what—”
“We’re not the same as we were.”
“So how old is your brother, then?” He asks, instead.
please comment and tell your friends! follow me on twitter
We live on a
“Yeah…” Dean murmurs, uncertain.
“In your own
Cas flicks his eyes over to Dean, annoyance dancing behind them.
So, lots of big celebrations from the kingdoms and lots of earnest conversations between Dean and Cas.
his voice comes out quieter than ever.
Does Lisa… Does Lisa
“Doesn’t matter,” she states, but is
“I’ve don’t nothing to stop you from doing so, so far,” he points out. Dean snorts.
“What’re you… are you gonna do anything? Something nice?”
now?!”
“Is that why Dean hates me?”
“I—” he fumbles, “I don’t mind. Which would you—”
Amy pulls a sad face, kicking at the ground, and wanders ahead of the group.
way?”
“So it
“You were right, with what you said, before,” Castiel says. “About me not knowing what to do with feeling helpless—about
old car, with a CD player, or worse still, an IPod jack.
since we first started dating, and we know we work well—it’s just that geography and age and circumstance got in the way, last time!”
“What did you say to her?” He asks quietly, hopeful and breathless.
“What?” Castiel laughs. “You disagree?”
until—” he glances at his friend, “—well, that’s a complicated one,” he admits, “but really, five months ago. And I just wasn’t ready to go public with it, before today.”
“—I—” Dean stammers. “—I did not mean to lead you on, if that is how you feel.” His words are clipped and unnatural. Dean burns with remorse.
A few days before Dean is supposed to leave for the Demon territory, Sam requests to join him. Dean is going to refuse outright—he nearly
“I really don’t think it is, Jay—”
Dean glances up at him.
“Why?” He repeats. “Why what?”
“What are you? A motivational gift-card?”
Dean is little perplexed.
It figures, and it shouldn’t be a surprise, but Dean’s lungs still fill with water and his eyes prickle with thousands of white-hot needles.
anyway? “And that’s not why I was glad to hear from you.”
“No—I mean, yeah—I mean, no I wouldn’t mind—and yes, that’d be fine,” Dean fumbles for his words, kicking himself for how
“Samandriel,” Castiel tries, attempting once again to pull himself free, but now Samandriel holds on so tightly it actually hurts.
“His tenants,” Sam answers, “as I said. He’s no care for them—and in the eyes of the law—even a law which needs
“Being strange
“You shouldn’t be using that to emotionally blackmail me, Dean—”
“I’m glad.”
“What?” Castiel asks, looking up at him. “That he called me Shakespeare?”
Dean doesn’t pursue this thought. “So all this blind self-hatred and anger boiled up inside of me, I guess—and I pushed Cas away, and denied it. Denied everything. Told him I didn’t like him like that. I lied. All of it was a lie, but he
No rain: the sky is white and overcast, wispy as though it could be blown away in a breath but so heavy that the blanket it forms over the earth seems to suffocate it. The air around them is wet, droplets cling to the headstones of graves washed by time's waters. Castiel has stayed with Dean, at the boy’s request, almost consistently by his side since John’s death. Increasingly aware of the gulf between them placed by religion and religious culture, Castiel is also made increasingly aware of the intimacy, and growing intimacy. And this awareness has drawn him irresistibly to the soul-raising—or damning—conclusion of what intimacy with Dean means to him.
“You’re instructing me on how to handle
Castiel smiles, though he can’t help but feel a little perplexed. It must show; Dean elaborates with a soft laugh.
Dean gets up.
actually.”
Ellen’s reply is short and firm, slightly cold—which makes Dean think that actually, it must
“You say it is swords that make the stones sing?”
for him, in bringing Balthazar here, persuading him to listen to Dean play? And now Dean looks away from him in abhorrence because, the idiot that he is, Dean is convinced that Castiel is dating Balthazar.
he starts over, softening,
The guard sighs.
food? Dean still finds it strange to think that they might feel hunger. But then, all creatures eat. Surely Angels are no different?
an Anointed One, son of the High King of Evadne, of the line of Aovae, the Firstborn, the—”
“I hear people play fiddle better when they’re a little drunk,” he says, passing a glass to Cas. Sam, holding the fiddle and bow, is unable to take one yet.
“Means a lot,” Gabriel rolls his eyes.
that close any more, Gabriel. Have you ever considered that?”
I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you.
get to see Cas again, after that? He stops talking to friends, stops making friends, stops being
“I’m calling Cas, like you told me to!” Dean grumbles in reply. Cas’s voice sounds troubled and put out down the receiver.
he points over to them, and Cas leans forward with a frown to examine where Dean gestures.
“I know what it means,” Dean squints sarcastically.
Michael says.
“Uh—well—I guess that kind of depends on what you’ve got here, I—”
“I don’t know,” he says. “I guess I’m just… worried I’ll fuck up again. Say the wrong thing. And in the process of worrying about fucking up again, I end up saying nothing, which
choose your friends based on those you enjoy spending time with?”
know, Mick, she said she was just visiting!—Why do you give a shit? Sorry for bringing up workhouses, I thought you were okay talking—”
“Michael,” Castiel starts softly, but finds he doesn’t know what to say.
“You think you want kids?” Dean asks quietly. Cas stares a little harder. Something shifts behind his eyes. Dean flushes as he realises what he’s asked, and how creepy it must sound. “Some day, I mean,” he fumbles, face hot, but Cas presses a hand to Dean’s elbow that both stills and reassures him.
voice. “Gotta keep you humble, Cas.”
He realises that he has fallen asleep on Castiel’s shoulder a while later. He doesn’t know how long for.
Cas grumps. Dean beams. He kisses the shepherd again. And again. He kisses the shepherd again.
“Fuckin’ weird,” Dean answers.
“I’m sure he is,” Ellen beams.
“Thank you, Sam…” He isn’t quite sure what to say, or why Sam wanted him here.
“Do you know how many people tell me they’ve found some new, budding talent—who also ‘happens’ to be a friend or relative of theirs—who they’d like to show me? Just so I can make them famous? I hate to break it to you, Cassie, but you’re hardly the first—”
Dean’s mother had sparked the fascination deep within him. She would tell him stories of the Angels, late in the evening, before she kissed him softly on his forehead and wished him a peaceful night’s sleep. She would hum an old lullaby under her breath, her voice more delicate than dewy cobwebs on Autumn mornings, and twice as beautiful. She had told him of how the Angels were the most beautiful, the wisest, the oldest and most powerful of all the three of the corporeal races of their world. She had explained how they were the most ancient of beings in all the lands of the earth.
Castiel asks down the phone.
“Cas,” Dean tries, but Cas shakes his head.
says you feel very intensely.”
Elanor’s first time crawling. Elanor’s first steps. Elanor’s first words. Dean’s heart becomes an elated tremor at each of these moments. He becomes one of those boring dads who’s
“Fuck, no,” Dean wrinkles his nose. Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s feigned masculinity.
“We are from different worlds,” the shepherd says softly, peering at Dean with those intent, intense eyes.
house.
Gabriel huffs again and takes the bags Jimmy holds out to him.
And the Angels—
“It’s not safe, Dean,” Castiel shakes his head. “Can’t you tell?”
He turns and heads toward his room. Inside, something calls to him. Maybe it’s only a call to lament, a call to mourn Cas properly, which he has yet to do. He hasn’t even leant into his sorrows, has only leant into self-destruction. What kind of monument is that, to the figure Cas was in his life?
Michael, Hael, and the twins are staying at the Novak house.
what it was like to work on the film, or how it is to work with Balthazar. Cas says he and Balthazar are old friends. He says Dean is his best, and oldest. And aside from the two of them holding hands the whole time, that’s pretty much as far as it goes.
The High King trembled, which was the truth. He could not, and never would hold the child. The boy felt, strangely, not even his to hold.
trying to get Castiel to say
“But you’ve been ignoring me.”
to pay attention to whatever movie they’re watching, but ends up falling asleep, head on Castiel’s shoulder or better yet, his lap, Castiel’s hand in the softened tufts of Dean’s hair as Anna and Jo roll their eyes at each other. This is Castiel’s life and it is a good, a
“And,” Dean squirms, flushed, “I mean—you’re not alone. Not this time—obviously—you weren’t those other times,”
“Dean—” Castiel attempts to look up at his friend, but can't. In a moment's moment, he's vomiting on the ground.
Dean flushes, offering one of his good-natured smiles.
Castiel can honestly tell Dean likes the food. But he doesn’t say this. He watches Dean shovel course after course into his mouth, only taking a few small mouthfuls from each one, himself. There are soups and pies and meats of all kinds—far too few vegetables for Castiel’s liking, although Dean explains that to Humans they are considered a peasant’s dish and so are generally avoided. Dean is relentless in his eating. Castiel states this, taking a delicate spoon of his own soup, and Dean bursts out laughing.
“What part of it was unjust?”
“You must be good friends.”
“Is it a pride thing?” Mick asks, glancing at Dean with eyes too bright with amusement for Dean’s senses, dimmed as they are by exhaustion. “Had to assert yourself, on your first day? Let us know you aren’t some poncey yank, fresh off the boat and never having done an honest day’s work before or since boarding?”
“You wouldn’t last on that promise,” he shakes his head. “And I wouldn’t want you to.”
Castiel draws away—partly out of disgust, worried that he’s going to get puked on—and partly out of remorse at the cruel dismissiveness of Dean’s actions. He crosses his arms and stares down at Dean, attempting to be rational and objective, not as invested in the catastrophic human in front of him as he yearns to be. Dean is revealing, in his uninhibited drunkenness, that he doesn’t care about Castiel: Castiel shouldn’t care about Dean apart from as far as empathetic decency will allow.
“Kansas soil,” Dean answers without hesitation. “The Great Plains.”
“And?”
name was, but she didn’t turn back around.
Is ‘missed’
“You’re fuckin’
“The one that was my mother’s favourite?”
“What do you do?” Mara asks. Dean squirms uncomfortably in his seat.
Tears have slipped, warm as forgiveness, warm as Cas’s hands, onto his cheeks.
“Dean, Sam, this is our neighbour,” Bobby says, gesturing to the man, who curls a reedy smile.
“I’m not—perhaps it’s purgatory.” He tries to keep his voice sweet and low for Dean. Angel voices are not often sweet and low for humans. “This place has always presented a curious curl in the metaphysics. Perhaps, here, things are different.”
“You’re ignoring the Kline boy.”
“So we brought Michael back. He’s okay, by the way! He and Adam decided to stay up in heaven, to help out. But Castiel was frustrated—he said I was too young, that I didn’t deserve the burden which I had, on me. He also said you were probably worrying about me, and I said,
“Yes,” he stared back defiantly. “Is that so strange?”
Alastair doesn’t seem to hate the name. He
“I’ve told him not to rock the boat,” Mr Penryn shakes his head. “He says it’s easier not to do so when you are paid enough to feed you and your loved ones, let alone keep a roof over your head.”
“Isaac, she was just trying—”
will warm the chill which has creeped suddenly into his bones. It does not. He wraps his hands around it and squeezes tight.
Which is worse—to try, and fail; or never to try at all, and fail by default?
Claire raises her eyebrows, biting out the words in a way which reminds Castiel of the way she used to speak to them, when they first met.
So, without even managing to finish his first year at music school, Dean drops out and heads back to Lawrence.
And Cas—” and
Siúil, siúil, siúil a rúin
“It was never our war, to begin with,” Dean says as steadily as he can; eyebrows knotting together anxiously.
had. It was a privilege never afforded to Dean. He taught
Twelfth Night.
“You’d—you’d do that?”
“And I didn’t know if he liked me back. And I thought because he was Jewish, he never would. ‘Cause you can’t be religious and be—” He fumbles. “Y’know?” He asks. Sam nods. How he’s keeping up with any of this, Dean has no idea. “But anyway,” Dean sighs. “One night he kissed some other dude. You remember his…” He sighs, shaking his head. “And it broke my heart. And they started dating. So, I started dating Lisa, and everything was okay, ish—except it wasn’t, because I was totally… head over heels… Cas was—” Dean swallows. “But at the end of the year, like, just a little after prom, the guy Cas was dating asked Cas to stay in America, and not go to England—so Cas broke up with him, and I drove Cas home, and Cas was really drunk, and we were on the roof of Cas’s house, and Cas told me all of this…”
He wants to tell Castiel that he has thought of him every day. That he has loved him every moment of these nine years apart, with every fibre of his being. That the only reason for him not revisiting the old places they used to go, is because it hurts too much.
Castiel manages to stagger out a laugh. He begins to eat.
“I’m absolutely certain of it.”
Gabriel’s face turns sombre at his brother’s answer.
“—Fine,” Dean admits, rolling his eyes again, exasperatedly—though a guilty coil of shame worm up through him—he’s starting to sound like his father. Sammy is right. “I’ll find him later, and apologise.”
“Nah, I was just planning ahead.”
that had hurt his little brother; but this time, it’s
He says:
Mary comes out later and sees Dean and Castiel playing in the grass, covered in grass stains. Dean expects for her to tell him off for getting so dirty, but she only gives a small smile and calls him over.
“Lots of things,” Dean shrugs, not wanting to talk, not sure he’s able.
“And it might be hard to say to friends, might be hard to say to Mary,” Ellen ignores the terror of Dean’s taut frame, “it might be hard to say to Cas. I don’t know if you ever said it to Jimmy, but…”
“This is a funny kind of thank you—”
“I’m not the storyteller, Cas,” Dean reminds, leaning back on his hands. There’s a strange edge to his voice in spite of the grin that he wears, more taut than the loose, easy-going grins that usually hang at Dean’s lips. “That’s you. And anyway, I asked how you
“Oh,” Dean nods slowly. “A bird?”
“Destroyed all his dreams of marrying a pretty girl from Eofor, I expect?” Cai tittered. Mary rolled her eyes. “And now you’ve gone quiet on me?” He asked. “Really, Campbell, I thought you were more mature than that.” Mary twitched a reluctant smile. “Or should I call you Winchester?” Cai asked, suddenly feigning seriousness.
“Maybe a little,” he admits, unable to sustain the forged smile he attempts to smear, however clumsily, across his features. In spite of his defensiveness, his understatements, his deflections, Dean couldn’t even
Castiel pauses, uncertain.
His head is reeling.
“What?”
“I, uh—” Dean’s cheeks are kissed pink. Castiel cocks his heads. “I always wanted to.”
“When would work?” He asks.
“Yeah, it’s been a couple of solid months of faces from the past,” Dean explains.
Every
Castiel can hardly breathe, much less look at Dean.
“You’re hard pressed to find those around here,” Ellen rolls her eyes.
“And Mary?”
And at the release of Cas’s second novel, this is no less the case than it ever was. Two novels, a number of essays in critical journals, and a whole book on women and witches in the English literary tradition. Dean scrolls obsessively through book reviews, less modest in number than his first books, which received a handful of reviews at its release, however warm and excited they were by the prospect of the young, Jewish and openly queer writer who bound the three together in equal tension and perfect balance. Now the name of Castiel Novak is steeped with success, fame floods the name suddenly and Dean, however much it would kill him to actually
“Now you know that’s not what I was saying,” Castiel drops his knife and fork with a gentle clatter on the table.
“No, a
“I don’t know—in case you didn’t like it—”
“What do you mean by ‘your people?” Castiel takes an astounded step back.
weird seeing Uncle Sam so tiny.”
Dean’s gaze snaps back up to Castiel.
“Perhaps they were just ill?”
he and Dean work—and why has Michael not even
“Again with the job threats?”
“No, it can’t be, and that’s the whole point. Because neither of us
“Yes,” he admits. “I would use this opportunity to read from London to Edinburgh, but I’d always get distracted when we got further north than York… the landscape suddenly becomes this wild and beautiful and mystical thing,” he smiles, looking back at Dean, who, dammit, is
Castiel says—because really, what else is there to say?
Dean is kissing him. His hands have moved to frame Cas’s jaw. His thumbs are on the ridges of Castiel’s cheekbones and they graze, back and forth. It’s as strange and bright as a supernova. Dean is kissing him.
“Think you know what I mean,” Dean rolls his eyes, face burning. “Lisa, though? She’s hot. And I
“I know,” Michael frowns, and they’re out the automatic doors and into the parking lot. “I just assumed you’d be more lighthearted about it.”
some of the sadness of not being loved back, because there was a peace in knowing that
Castiel smirks and lets go of Dean’s wrist, instead cradling his jaw to kiss him deeply. When he sits up and moves his body off the skin-on-skin contact they have been maintaining for—what, the past hour? Past two? Dean can barely think—but all he knows is that without Cas pressed up against him, he feels cold and a little lost. Castiel offers Dean a hand and helps him up and leads him up the stairs to the bathroom as if Dean needs any of this help—except maybe he does; his legs are shaking and uncertain with everything that’s happened, that’s happening, his head is still spinning and reeling while Cas has never seemed so certain about anything in his life. Dean can barely remember his own name, let alone the way to the shower. He follows Castiel as if in a dream—and maybe this is a dream, maybe that’s what’s been happening—Dean has fallen asleep in front of the fire in the living room, none of this has actually happened—or, even worse, Dean is asleep at the wheel of the impala on the way back from his confrontation with Mary, and is about to get hit by an oncoming truck, whose horn is blaring even as these thoughts enter Dean’s mind—
to be like that. That’s my point. Any of us could be like that. What matters is that we choose
betrayal
“Are you alright?” The shepherd asks, catching something in Dean’s expression which must give away how adrift he feels.
“Thought so.”
sick here it is sorry it took a while! this one is from cas's pov.
Castiel notices that two of the more surly looking customers are nursing a split lip, and a bruised eye.
“That’s very similar to what Dean said,” Castiel chuckles, his eyes flicking over to Dean’s face, which immediately reddens.
want to come down into this place?
“Well, the birds are eccentric,” Sam admits, and Dean rolls his eyes as he watches the flames. Slowly, surely, warmth is creeping into his fingers, again. He wipes his running nose on his sleeve. “But—but that isn’t a bad thing…” Sam tries, uncertainly.
Dean’s eyes burn.
“Nervous?”
“Goshawks are bigger,” Cas answers. “Angrier, too. And they look it.”
“Even—even the idea of peace. Or of rejoicing.”
Its walls are the same dull grey as the stony faces of the mountains in Castiel’s home.
“Me?”
“I get it,” Dean nods. “It’s tough feeling like no one out there gets you.”
Cas laughs and settles a little more into his seat.
“Who lives here?” Castiel asks, gesturing to the town around them, the streets, with colourful market stands set up on the pavements, and the occasional citizen stopping by them to tend to business there. With the now midday sun beating down on them, most have returned to their homes, and considering the importance of the day, many of the people who live in the lower levels of the city have made their way up to the castle to glimpse the Angels. Those standing round here look at Castiel out of the corners of their eyes with a kind of awed reverence, and a swell of an emotion Dean can’t quite pinpoint at the fact that
“You can’t mean that,” Michael laughs bitterly. “I thank you for flattering me, but…” He sighs. “I fear I have done you great wrong in my own thoughtlessness.”
“Can I walk you there?” Dean asks. Bela acquiesces. It’s a weird walk, conversation stilted by the stagnating effect of attempting to force a friendship, but… They get there. Conversationally. And to Bela’s hotel. She’s living in London, now, she says, and so when Dean visits Castiel they should do a tour of the UK and drop her a line. Dean waves her off.
“We were convinced that Hera was destined to fall, if we were not to pull out of the war,” Benny states. “When you did—the relief throughout the city—throughout the Kingdom—it was palpable. The people were overjoyed with happiness.”
Which explains the curious amount of radio silence over the past few days: Dean has been dreading this.
Dean untangles one of his hands with Castiel’s to scrub roughly at his eyes.
“He’s a pretty little thing.”
“Krissy, are you okay?!” A voice from the foot of the ladder, on the earth far below them, sounds.
Castiel sees the swell of an unspoken sentence in Michael’s sombre expression. Something inside of him at once deflates and rips in half.
“Seen?” Dean repeats. “Door’s closed, and locked, Cas.”
“I wasn’t,” Dean shakes his head. “It was affectionate.”
“We gain our powers in those caves; they are powerful places. If
“You do it for love, you say?” He asked Michael, eyes glassy. But he stared, still, at the Queen.
Dean bringing cookies on the first day of shiva, the same recipe as the first day they met. The ones with nutmeg. Dean being so good with Mara and Beth. All the times Dean showed up to shiva after that, to be a good friend, to pay tribute to Jimmy the way he deserved, in spite of the fact that Castiel was so unwelcoming. Seeing Dean perform, seeing him play the guitar for the first time in nine years. Hearing all those beautiful songs he wrote. The Dylan Thomas poetry collection. The lavender honey. Dean nearly running him over in the rain. How sorry Dean was. How happy Castiel was to see him. How surprised he was by how happy he was. Driving back in the rain. Dean singing in his car. Seeing Dean teach. Seeing Dean
“Mr Singer… likes birds,” the shepherd offers by way of conversation while he waits for Dean to have his boots on. Dean glances up at him. The man’s face is a mask, steady, gaze sharp. His hat is back on.
Dean’s cheeks heat and tighten. He smiles.
Down the track, beaten by rain. The only light is the light of the moon and stars, a cold, removed light, the light of memory. Dean is led into the future by memory. Maybe this is how you walk with loss. It’s possible to be happy and sad. Dean has been, all his life. He’s still trying to understand it, but, at least lamenting himself and the man he loved is… purifying. Heated silver.
The shepherd blinks.
And I wanted to forget. So I tried to forget.”
“Stop it—!” Castiel shouts, and squints at Dean, frowning, leaning down towards the Human in frustration to shout into his face, but then Dean surges forwards again, and Castiel is expecting another form of attack, and is ready to counter it—but it doesn’t come.
Brutish
“Oh, don’t worry about that,” Alastair waves an easy, dismissive hand. His smile is calm and even. “You sent your maid to go fetch him, she’ll be back soon enough—”
“You shouldn’t have been born a prince,” she shook her head. “You should’ve come into this world a court jester.”
“I think you’ve got pretty low estimations of heaven.”
“Yeah, well,” he opens his beer, “glad you were here. Chuck’s gettin’ desperate—he knows something’s up. Wouldn’t take the chance of showin’ up himself.”
American, you just happen to be
“And yet Bela’s still holding a grudge,” Dean points out, shaking his head. He tries to pass this off as humorous, but something in his manner seems a little put out by it.
Sam sighs and pours a tincture of something into the cup beside Dean’s bed.
“Now we have to climb all those
His dear beloved dad.
Dean beams and sits down opposite Castiel, drawing his legs up underneath him as the other boy has.
“Huh?”
“Of course,” Castiel nods as Dean shifts himself so that he is facing the Angel a little more.
“My mom didn’t die in a car accident,” Castiel states. “It was hard for me to understand when it happened, I was so young. How do you talk to a child about death, anyway? And how do you talk to a child about
“A friend?” Dean repeats, raising his eyebrows.
The book fascinated Dean. The stars upon its cover, the drawings of wings that marked each chapter enchanted his little green eyes so clearly that it made love blossom in Ellen’s heart and made her all but forget how troublesome a child he could be, and made her think only of all that the little boy felt, had felt, would continue to feel as he fought for the safety of his brother.
“If I could take this burden from you…”
“We reached out to you,” Dean says, voice roughening in his throat. “You ignored us.”
Cas pulls a satisfied face and stumbles out the car, onto the curb. Sam mutters something about that being a relief, ‘cause otherwise he’d have to carry them, as they head into the building.
knew where you were. Now, when I imagine you at your place, it’s just some kind of blank space.”
Dean stares at him.
“And what about you, Novak?” Dean asks. “What do
the declaration of undying love. He needs his best friend.
They turn and leave.
Castiel shakes his head and beams and his eyes shimmer in the firelight and maybe he isn’t angry, after all. And in shaking his head, Castiel is closer—they’re both closer, they’re—Dean can’t pinpoint the moment it starts. But his fingers end up grazing the back of Castiel’s neck, it stutters Dean’s breath, and then up into Castiel’s hair, and then they’re kissing, they’re
Cas interjects, seriously, and Dean beams in his peripheries and squeezes his hands tighter.
Ballads will be written, and Dean will be painted fool, Michael martyr, and Calev hero.
Castiel finds out why Dean was so keen on this idea shortly after Dean catches him out by surprise, his body slamming Castiel’s to the floor—and before Castiel is given a moment to gasp the air back into his lungs, Dean is grinning and pressing his lips so hard against Castiel’s that the Angel forgets how to think.
“He’ll be back,” Sam says, as Dean’s heart crumbles a little, watching Cas wave goodbye to Ellen and go.
doing. I really
“That’s nice.”
“These two are for you,” the bartender pushes two forward across the dark surface of the bartop. “I picked ‘em out special. These are for you,” he pushes two brightly coloured shots toward Charlie, “And these are for me.” He picks up the first of his pair. “To love,” he clinks the tiny glass with Charlie’s.
The hand on his wrist moves. Slips, then squeezes.
“You do,” Castiel frowns. “Really, I behaved just as badly as you did.”
“That’s fine by me. I don’t
is what Sam has needed to hear, maybe for years now. Maybe since the first morning Sam woke up in a world without Jess. “I know it’s been hard. It’s been impossible. But you did it anyway. And I’m so proud of you. I’m proud of us.”
“Does he have her number, or anything?”
How would Cas have responded, nine years ago—before Dean fucked up? When their relationship was all joy and laughter and constant, animated flirting—animated, Dean now realises, half by fear, and half by hope. And the hope, the hope now glowing dimly like embers blown on in a dying fire—for nine years, Dean thought it was out, forever—it crackles and sways in shimmers of terrified red. Even the hope is scared, now.
“It wasn’t a problem, Dean. Don’t worry about it. Now, what time should I be picking you up, tomorrow?”
“How long are you going to stay for?” Dean asks, and he prays that it’s a while.
“Lisa will get it,” Dean presses through his best friend’s protests, holding on tight to Cas’ wrists. “She’ll get it,” He repeats. He squeezes Castiel’s arms. “And you’re way more important than some dumb party.”
Castiel rolls his eyes, tempted to be offended.
“We’re good parents,” Dean points out, and Castiel runs a hand through Dean’s hair.
“Why don’t you want to read Mara a story?” Dean asks. Castiel looks away, shaking his head.
“Don’t worry about that,” Dean shakes his head, but Castiel draws closer, and holds out a small, red-bound and battered book. Its edges are frayed and where it is most worn, its colouring has turned almost violet. Dean takes it slowly, turns it over with all the thoughtfulness and disbelief of an illiterate, fingertips tracing the lines of the title with a creeping sense of wonder.
“Come,” she sighs, standing and holding out her hand for Castiel to take. “Michael has summoned us. And we would have to gauge his mood at some point, I’m sure.”
“Beloved,” Michael repeats. “And he
But Jimmy had taken his sadness and turned it into beauty, used it to empathise more, reach out more, do more, love more. He had taken Castiel and Gabriel and Michael away from their scathing congregation and those family members who couldn’t stand what Amelia had done, who said that it was her fault, as if a person could help their own depression, and had moved them to a new congregation, a new town, a new city, a new state.
It’s selfish to think, but this is
John sighs again and gets up from his seat. Dean follows suit.
but I think it’s cool. Thank you for telling me.”
Between Mara being distracted by Anna and Dean getting his ear talked off by the six year old to his left, Cas leans in close enough to give Dean shivers, with a smile on his face, and murmurs,
When the song is done, after a good five minutes of Castiel sobbing in his parked car on his own—with everything: the song, the exhaustion from the day, the night he’s had, nine years of loss uprooted and subverted, renewed grief for his father… He goes inside. He sets an alarm for four hours’ time. He’ll see Dean in four hours’ time. Carry on being there, for Dean, like he should. He collapses on his bed. Behind his closed eyes, he sees Dean’s face.
The first week of their honeymoon is a redo of the end of their tour of the UK, uninhibited, now, by the fear of abandonment—or the worry of the necessity of abandonment—which settled deep in Dean’s bones, the first time round. Isle of Skye, Orkney Islands, and then they move out of the UK, into Ireland, Connemara, Sligo, and Kerry. Cas spends the whole time reciting Yeats poetry to Dean, they spend their nights in pubs listening to folk music and days walking along cliff edges beside the sea.
“We—well, Herans, that is, believe that Althalia was formed—by a
“Yeah, I’d almost forgotten about that fight, yesterday.”
He exclaims, but the shepherd’s face is not sympathetic. He pours more of the gin onto the cloth. “No,” Dean begs, but Novak says, simply,
“You must know what I mean,” Castiel nearly laughs. “It was the most poetical thing I think I’ve ever heard.”
“You’re insensitive,” Samandriel shakes his head, looking away, renewed tears falling to his cheeks. “I always knew it—you’re so—one minute you’re so understanding, so empathetic, and the next—”
“It’s not work, I love it,” Castiel frowns. “Shabbat means
“I know, child,” Bobby says, softly.
Dean fumbles over picking up, hands sweaty.
Castiel updates them on how his stay in the UK was, how his lectures went, who he caught up with and what they did.
The sound of the doors swinging open again practically makes Dean jump out of his skin.
“That sounds—” Dean’s head is spinning so hard and so fast he can barely get the thought out, “that sounds—good—I like that—”
“Well,” Bobby sighs conversationally, “Cas helped.”
“I know,” Castiel says. “But what about Claire?”
“I did, yeah.”
Cas kisses him.
Dean laughs again. He seems—it shoots through Castiel like a bolt of joy’s very essence—unburdened, young, again. Maybe for the first time. Castiel got to bring it about. This is a thought which will leave him dying happy.
“I want that, too,” Dean states, speaking over Cas’s worry. Stillness for a moment. Stillness, and Cas’s inexplicable disbelief. “I always have.”
doesn’t exactly check any of the boxes for Dean’s ‘type’, either.
kiss, more than any other. The lips that are sugary with flavoured chapstick and part into blissful, serene smiles when Dean so much as compliments Lisa, the lips that have caressed, have laughed in the early hours of the morning with Dean, have entertained his nonsense, the lips that honestly deserve so much. Maybe this will be it for Dean and Lisa. Maybe if he tells Cas how he feels tonight—whatever the outcome—he’ll have to say goodbye to this farce.
Castiel slumps onto his seat, too.
“You promised!”
“Well, it definitely felt like neglect…” He says awkwardly. “It
—and still nothing can dampen Dean’s excitement, his nervous joy, at the prospect of seeing
Dean laughs and grins smugly at Ellen, who rolls her eyes and pats down his hair a little.
“If we’re to be in Eofor in a fortnight, perhaps we ought to set things in order, now.”
idea?
for a fashion show!”
“No, but Jimmy wasn’t
“You promise?”
like him? You
So I—I had to atone—or try to. That’s basically what parenthood is, isn’t it?
“Oh,” He laughs, “just… swell.”
“Oh, bite me, Saint Valentine,” Meg rolls her eyes.
a claim on any right to be devastated by Cas’s leaving. And Dean is—but he’s biting down on it, and has been, because it’s the right damn thing to do. Samandriel overlooking that, trying to make all of this about him, pressuring Cas, blackmailing Cas, offering an ultimatum that undermines Cas’s lifelong dream—well, it’s unforgivable.
Head tilting forward with the slowness of the
Castiel makes a noise of confirmation and pushes Dean away.
He leans forward to hug Jack, and gets up to clean up in the kitchen.
“Oh…” Dean blinks, looking away.
“There’s only one way to find out,” Castiel shrugs, taking a hold of Dean’s wrist and pulling him further through the forest. Strange—when they were kids, it always seemed to be Dean pulling Castiel along, Dean steeling and stealing Castiel.
“Like shit. I’ve already told you—I don’t want to do any of this.”
was our family. It caused this massive rift. Half of my mom’s family were on our side, half of them on Zachariah’s. But it was all too much. And—and the house that we
“The point is, I’m sure many of you do—have families who depend upon you, I mean,” Dean continues over them. “Daughters, sons, and wives, and many others who depend on you to keep on living. You’re right in what you do—but I’d be a fool not to tell you to be cautious. He’s a powerful man with—with powerful friends. And starting here. You can’t meet here.”
he nodded, still crying.
He checks the reception of Cas’s poetry collection on his long journey home—glowing reviews, of course, though now Dean knows to check social media, too. Doing so, he’s met by a stream of fan theories—
“Eventually,” Cas answers. “But by that time…”
“What’s he gonna do, when he goes to do his Masters? With the dogs, I mean?”
“You talk feelings, well. You’re patient. You come up with solutions without making me—people, I mean—feel small. I’ve missed…”
“This is how you dance, Cas,” Dean scowls at the look Castiel is giving him. Castiel doesn’t know where to put his other hand; it’s frozen between the two of them. Dean huffs out a sigh and reaches down from Castiel’s shoulder to grab the hand, moving it down to sit on Dean’s waist. Cas can feel the heat of Dean’s body pulsing through his shirt. Castiel looks back up to Dean.
“Dean!” John snaps, making Dean flinch back where he sits, his temper cooling quickly. His hand finds the edge of the darkwood table again. He stares back down at his lap, face burning with shame. He wants to return to his quarters, to sleep, to scream into his pillow or vent to Sammy or Ellen. He can’t do any of these things.
Of course Dean fucking knows. Resentment courses through him. Dean knows better than fucking anyone, it’s like Dean’s mom has forgotten who was there to pick up the pieces after Jess died, after Ruby gave Sam his first dose of heroin, and called Dean in a panic because Sam was vomiting and crying; it’s like Mary has forgotten who was there for Sammy when he first overdosed, who called the ambulance and sat, sobbing in it with him, who was there for Sam when Ruby left him. It was
“Go on,” Alastair smiles calmly. The air is curiously still around them. Stale and cool. “I never knew a young man so prone to hesitation.”
Castiel offers a faint smile.
“When was the first time you saw the sea?” Castiel asks. “Was it when you boarded that boat to England?”
“Bela,” Castiel smiles back. “How are you?”
“Cas,” he says, and Castiel opens the box and pulls out the ring, which shimmers gold light in the darkness.
“No,” Dean shakes his head.
It was with this that she stood again, and hurled the stone at John.
“First off, it’s not fair to even
“No,” Dean shakes his head. “She’s only—how did you hear about her?”
with wonder.
friendly conversation with Castiel.”
He watches Dean make a little pyramid of firelighters and newspaper and logs in the fireplace.
Dean shakes his head.
And it was worth it.
“Dean told me,” Sam gestures to his older brother with his thumb, a minute motion, while Dean’s cheeks, ears and neck flame.
“You can’t be a bad little brother,” Dean shakes his head, drawing back, “that’s not how it works.”
“You’d be surprised, Dean.”
“We’re strangers to the world,” Castiel states. “Why do you think I started my wandering? To remind me of it, so I wouldn’t forget, that I was stranger, everywhere.”
“Well, they’re not straight, if that’s what you mean,” Claire steps in, attempting humour. But it only makes Jack frown more seriously.
Ocean wind beats about Sam’s long hair, long enough to take shears to. Dean has joked repeatedly on this journey, which has spanned many weeks, from Kansas all the way to New York, New York slowly to Plymouth, that Sam will be mistaken for one of the shaggier sheepdogs on the farm they travel to. Sixteen days at sea, and they’re
of confessions of love. Pages and pages of it.”
“It is a love song.”
“Oh,” the boy frowned thoughtfully. “That’s a pity.”
father set upon us—”
“At least I’m not as petty as you,” he mutters, and Madra seems to glance up at him carelessly.
“No, I mean,” Dean nearly cries, “Jack’s been back for over a
“What is he going to do about Dean?”
him how unperturbed he is by the idea. In another way, something strong and steady and accepting burns in the depths of his heart, knowing that this is the wisest decision of his life… And this same part of him
“I’m gonna miss the bus,” he frets, and practically trips out of the kitchen and scrambles to get his sneakers on.
The barman—a tall, muscled guy with a thick, dark beard and dark brown eyes—gives him a smile and a wink when his drink is made. Charlie titters again when his back is turned.
“Anyway,” Dean says, awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck.
“—Yes—well, it meant that I was… easy to retrieve. But Dean didn’t know. Because I didn’t tell him,” he glances apologetically to Dean. “Because…” But he trails off. “But I’m back, now.”
love of my heart. And
The house stops being unfriendly. Castiel isn’t sure, doesn’t know, when this starts. The kitchen becomes a sunny place which he and Dean and his dad will sit in, decorating cupcakes, Gabriel coming in to steal some before Castiel shouts at him to stop it and Gabriel runs away, laughing maniacally. The living room becomes a space for watching cartoons or playfighting with Dean or sitting and reading in silence. The dining room is where they sit and draw and chatter for hours, hours, hours. The study is where Castiel’s daddy works and where Dean will sometimes get bored and burst into, asking for cookies or for Jimmy to read them a story. The front door is what Dean will swing open, unannounced—the only warning the clattering of the front gate being flung open and the
Michael asks, after a lengthy, awkward pause. Castiel looks up at his oldest brother. All three of them frown sombrely
Balthazar huffs.
“I need to stop being
Dean needs Bobby healthy, of course, cannot cope with the thought of him getting
It matters not what the boy’s intentions were, nor does it matter how Corinna came into the hands of the Campbell family.” Campbell looks victorious at this, but Michael’s gaze turns, condemningly, upon him. “Your Kingdom is hardly the largest of our concerns;
“You need to, now?”
“Come on,” he says. Dean sighs. “You might find you like him.”
“You, uh—” Castiel tries. It hurts to speak, now, for whatever reason. “You brought cookies over the day we first met.”
Michael denies.
“Big night, huh?” Dean calls after her.
“What?”
“Camping—”
“Any thoughts?” Castiel asks.
“They are,” his lip curls harshly, once again. “Why do you think they never involve themselves in our affairs? Why do you think they live way up there, up in the mountains?” Dean asks, gesturing outside the now open window, to the horizon beyond them. “They’re cowards. They love being worshipped, but they can’t stand protecting what’s right.”
Dean closes his jaw worriedly. When John was alive, any reminder of Mary could be met by fury. It was a rage which had terrified Dean, and a rage which he realises, now, he’s inherited. Once, there was nothing worse than the thought that he might be anything like his father. Now, he fears that he’s completely like him.
“It just doesn’t describe it right. Humans don’t believe this, too?”
Dean puts toothpaste on his toothbrush, making a bigger thing of it than necessary, then wets it. Cas rolls his eyes as Dean glares him down.
“This is a very good horse,” Castiel says affectionately, patting his horse’s shoulder.
“I procure unique items for a select clientele,” Bela’s lips twist upwards into something almost smug and condescending.
“Ay, that was it.” The grass, beneath their feet, as they step out onto it, is wet with dew and shimmers palely at each movement. “You’ve learnt the words admirably, though not the sentiment.”
Anna confirms. It does nothing to ease the scowl lacing Castiel’s features.
His voice cracks around the words. The air is squeezed from Dean’s lungs. He wills the saltwater away from his eyes.
“Sorry?”
are, for the millionth time, dashed. When will he learn? “How’s it going?”
“All I mean is,” the stable-hand resumed, “you could have gone anywhere. The libraries. The banqueting halls. The Great Hall. The forest. Yet you came here. Why?”
Dean blushes again.
she states, as though this is just about the most impressive thing she knows. Castiel nearly swells with equal parts pride and embarrassment. Dean’s smile in response to those deep brown eyes is almost sincere.
And kissing Castiel again, hungry and desperate, a starving man, a man searching for faith in an old abandoned chapel, on his knees beside a splintered altar—does that make Castiel the altar? Or his lips the altar?
to. And it’s not a school day. So what’s the problem?”
“It was a tactical move.” Dean says shortly.
“Would you like to see some of the English classrooms? That is your strong suit, after all.”
“Oh my God,
“Gabriel,” Chuck leans in, frowning. “I don’t think this is especially useful.”
“You okay for getting there?”
Every night is spent in Castiel’s company, limbs bound around body, noses tucked beneath jaws, breathing slowed. They have found that they can talk until dawn, if that is what they wish. Dean wishes it often. The only palpable difference between Castiel’s earlier visits and now is that their evenings are spent with far more kissing and slow, pumping fists and moaning into each other’s mouths than before. They haven’t actually
Anna frowned at Michael, holding a sleeping Castiel in her arms, only mere days old.
Dean is unconvinced. It must show: the shepherd sighs and shifts forward in his chair.
“He—” Dean’s heart jolts into his throat. “He’s okay?”
“Just so,” the shepherd smiles encouragingly. He says this often, Dean has learnt—whenever he teaches Dean something, and Dean mimics or executes it correctly, this will be the gentle response of the farmer.
“Yeah, fuck, I wish he was around to say something about how crappy all the other nominees are, and that if anybody else wins, there must’ve been bribes involved.”
no one,” Michael replied. “The Angels have not spoken to Humanity since Lucifer—” He cut himself off, looked at the ground, swallowed around the lump that had risen in his throat so suddenly. Sadness curled around his heart. “All I’m saying is, I’m not about to start speaking with them, again.”
here.”
“That’s what it
Dean coughs out another laugh.
is more of a mother to Dean than Mary Winchester has been, for more than twenty years, allows her expression to darken.
“It wouldn’t be the first time you’d called me, drunk out of your mind,” Castiel points out.
“And I’ll be damned if I let you shoot it first,” the King of Eofor kicked his horse forward, too, while the hunting party waited behind. John laughed again as the pair rode through the forest, quieter now, their dogs running ahead of the thump of their horses’ hooves on the fallen leaves beneath.
“Why don’t you?” One of the Campbells asks, looking angry. “You swore to protect us—that seems the most effective way of doing so—”
“Love is with the heart. Not the mind.”
“I’ve said not to.”
sharing a room.”
Castiel glowers in his older brother’s direction.
“You think you’re going to solve this with religion?”
He bites his lip a moment.
Dean stares at it for a moment.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Mick says, blinking. Dean snorts, and Mick takes his leave. Jo falls asleep at the table, cheek resting on her hand, and Sam begins playing a game of seeing how many sprigs of lavender he can stick into her hair before she wakes up. Eighteen. Jo wakes and curses him and takes the game as a good sign that she ought to turn to bed, and sleep there. This is what she does. Sam, apparently bored, follows suit not long after. This leaves Jody, Ellen, Dean and Cas to finish off the last of the wines, and grin happily at each other, and pretend that ‘tomorrow’ is a spectre which doesn’t exist, and not a very real figure they are already dipping generously into the hours of.
Dean’s body moving delicately with sleep,  the lust in his unconscious voice, the
His daddy is trying to make it feel as much like home as possible for Castiel; but he doesn’t like it, and doesn’t like the change, and doesn’t like the thought of finding new friends here when he already found it hard enough back home; back in his
Gabriel mutters, but Michael glares at him.
not worth it. And Dean is waiting for him.
“Funny, too,” Dean says. “People will never understand how funny you are.”
“Like, we’ll never be in this kind of moment, ever again. We’ve sat together, chilled out together, so many times, before the first day of a new year at school together. We’ll never get to do that again.” Dean shakes his head. “And that’s so weird.”
“You don’t know,” Dean knocks back half his glass, it gets easier to do so as he gets drunker, “you don’t know, what it’s like, to long, and hurt with longing—to hope and hate yourself for hoping—to—to sit alone in the dark and wish—and
steal my food at dinner.”
He and Cas had talked about Cas going to England
killed
Ellen sparks something about Dean’s language, but Dean doesn’t pay attention with the way colour has drained from Micks features.
“At least you were there to look out for him?”
Many of their eyes are black, just as the stories always told. They have no irises, no pupils, no whites; just a stretch of black that is nowhere near as cold and unkind as Dean had spent so many years envisaging. As soon as he thinks this, of course, he feels like a traitor to himself and all of his years of hating the Demons for what they did to his mother, and by extension, the rest of his family. He attempts to harden his heart to the Demons just as he once did to the Angels. And does, now.
“Why do you ask, now?”
Until then, the stars sweep above his head in a sky like a canvas: deep, inky blue spilled across it, and through the blue, more blue, and black, and silvery clouds, white mists, muting the blanket-view of night. The dark swims around them, the people speak a little, voices like bubbles in a quiet stream in a forest thick with trees and silence, they share their blankets with Castiel, smile at him with eyes glittering in the night.
“About?” Tamara raises her eyebrows. She’s abandoned her lunch, leaning forward in interest despite her earlier protests.
“No, Dean, I mean it,” Cas glares. “Maybe I didn’t know what it was, and didn’t know what to call it—but I realised, I think, when we were fourteen, and you were—”
“Uh,” he rubs the back of his neck, and Lisa shakes her head affectionately.
“Please,” Sam flops onto a chair at the kitchen table.
“No shit.”
Not help!”
“I don’t know,” he says. “I was angry.” Will it do good to be this honest? It’s terrifying and blunt but honesty is what, consistently, Dean and Castiel’s relationship has lacked, the past two decades. Perhaps being frank will do it, and them, some good. “I was angry with you, and I was angry that you were there. It was stupid to assume that you wouldn’t be there, of course—you and my dad were so close. But I wanted to monopolise grief over him, I think. I didn’t want you to have it. I didn’t want to share mourning Jimmy with you.”
Alastair and Hess look up at him—Hess tight-lipped at the fact that Dean has obviously interrupted whatever she was saying, Alastair watching Dean the way he watches his birds when they behave with the instinctive, flitting, languageless minds of animals. Which is how Alastair prefers them.
Jack goes to join Claire in watching TV. Castiel is reassured by the sound of his foster son’s laughter from the living room, even if it does come out awkward, distracted and uncertain.
“Why?” Castiel asks, twisting with worry and concern. Dean looks up. His gaze on Castiel’s—it’s a suffocation.
Dean’s eyes are misted, silver swims over jade.
Dean.
They’re kissing. They’re kissing like the sound of waves on sand. They’re kissing.
Dean balks.
“Where am I being led?” Castiel asks at last, his feet echoing in the dust-covered halls of his surroundings. The only light comes from the Malakim’s torch—it makes the statues around them dance with shadows; Castiel’s skins prickles and he feels almost as though the eyes of the dead are upon him. “And what will be my purpose there?”
Novak chuckles. The sound is sweet and rough like the give of honeycomb.
“So you’re not writing music,” Michael frowns.
“You accuse me of being nobility,” he said, watching her expression with a smile lilting at his features, “and yet your wings suggest you are not far from it.”
“For being so cold to you,” Castiel explains, expression troubled with repentance.
“I hardly know when I’m feeling okay, doing okay, it’s been so long. It’s so weird, to stand at the edge of a doorway, and not know which side of it you’re on.”
“Okay…” Castiel says, and watches him go, face heating with the knowledge of what Dean is about to go and do.
“God, Dean,” Charlie hits Dean on the arm, sighing and shaking her head. “Do you have to be such a
“Thank you very much for all of this, Your Highness, it’s very kind of you,” Castiel nods, bowing his head, yet again.
“Abandoned your posts,” Jo grins, but stays the snowball in her hand. “Which demands punishment.”
Hey pals - everything seems pretty awful at the moment in big and little ways so I hope you're doing okay. I'm sending lots of love to you wherever you are! Keep on sending love to yourself, too:)
He walks out from behind Jimmy’s legs and climbs up the steps to be next to Gabriel.
this childish?
Michael says, slightly awkward.
Michael frowned.
“There’s nothing
begging
“Alright, Castiel,” Mr Colt stands up, rubbing his hands together in a business-like manner as the class begin to trickle out, “I’m just going to have a word with Mr Winchester, and then I can take you to the auditorium. Are you feeling prepared? A little nervous?”
“Maybe,” Dean admits.
Dean’s breath stutters in his chest the way a child’s does when they’ve been weeping for hours and are trying to stem their tears. Dean feels like a child.
Dean nearly cries alongside the short burst of nostalgic laughter that floods out of him suddenly at the girl’s question, sounding and feeling like a tap turned on, then off, by accident.
“You still love Angels, Dean.”
Gabriel enters Castiel’s chambers a while after this. Castiel has spent the time staring at the floor, fumbling with his own hands nervously as he finds himself unable to pinpoint the emotion storming against his gut.
“No, I think you capable enough to handle the harder work of more delicate tasks,” Castiel answers. Dean laughs, and Cas hands him the hammer.
Dean barks out a laugh and manages to look suddenly far less serious.
That’s selfishness. He’s selfish—and hell, you’ve even got your plane tickets booked! You were gonna go to Cambridge before you and Samandriel even got together—”
Dean’s frame shudders in the firelight.
“For anyone,” Dean corrects, chuckling softly despite the constant sense of despondency that has set itself over his heart over the past few months.
He looks up at Dean. Dean, who he knows hears everything Mary says. Dean, who’s mouth hangs open in terror. Dean, who’s been worrying about his brother for so long, Dean, who even now, will be blaming himself for all of this.
Dean looks out across the street again.
A new city; one filled with sounds and smells so refreshing and fascinating that Michael hardly cared for Lucifer’s frosty manners to the Humans, almost didn’t notice his mother’s removed, icy treatment of him. The citadel thrummed like a beating heart, with so much life and vigour that Michael was almost knocked down by it. What a strange thing to be able to visit a realm so different it was practically another world!
“You’ll have to find a way to say it,” he says, blinking, breathless, “in the light of day.”
be worthy, and, more, never had been in the first place.
Castiel reminds.
“Bullshit,” Jo says, beaming. “And who cares?”
Samandriel. Samandriel, a boy, who
And living his life with Dean? Castiel never imagined it like this, not in all its fullness or soft flesh or intimate depth. He cannot tire of it. He wants time to stand still and yet is excited by the knowledge of its passing, that it will continue to pass, that he and Dean will continue to change and grow and progress together and process together, witnessing each other, watching the change, together. He cannot tire of it. He cannot tire of Dean.
Dean splits a smile.
Dean flips to page 38—yes, okay, fine: he carries the poetry book with him most of the time—to check what they’re talking about. It’s the poem titled
“Dean wanted to retire,” Cas states. “But he won’t be likely to let himself. Not if there’s still work to do.”
Dean laughs hoarsely, taking a step back on Castiel’s palm and gesturing to Castiel, to all of Castiel. “How many eyes have you got there, buddy? Can any of them shoot lasers?”
“And what about your brother?”
He opens the door. Castiel walks in, suddenly nervous, which Dean apparently senses, because in the next instant, there is a hand on his shoulder.
“Did you want him to?” Dean asks, peering steadily at Michael with a frown. Michael’s gaze snaps back over to Dean and he replies, quickly.
The base of the sky, where the sun is sitting, is the colour of the bright sunflowers Jimmy planted in his garden. The clouds are like paper-thin petals blown across it.
making it up?
“Right,” Dean nods, sat at the corner of his four-poster bed with a book he found on the table in the other room open in his right hand. He has only been flitting mindlessly through it these past few minutes. “And where is that?”
He’s wrong.
Dean cannot understand him. He can’t understand any of it, even if he
“Well,” Ellen nods, pressing her lips together in a thin, unconvinced line. “It’s fair enough, I suppose.” Fuck, she
“Can you name the stars, Castiel?”
Sam and Eileen announce that Eileen’s expecting a kid, one Saturday afternoon when they’re round for lunch. Cold February light swells in the kitchen the same way Dean’s heart does. He wrenches his brother into a hug while Jack asks Cas, a little too loudly, why it is Dean’s crying at what should be
Castiel nods. Something is poisoned with hurt in the ether between them.
hadn’t taken me into your room?
“When did we stop being those two kids who met when they were seventeen? Who shared secret kisses and thought that everything, in the end, would be alright?” Dean laughs.
“All of this is written by Humans?” He asks, gesturing to the many, many shelves of books surrounding him.
