His gaze snagged on Banner, and he gave the quiet scientist an open and friendly smile.
He had one shot at not completely ruining his life. He knew that there were at least 6 Alphas on the list that would use their right as his mate to strip him of his money and work. He'd find himself being put in charge (maybe) of the household and his only purpose in life would be to pop out little Alpha babies. But there was one name on that list that the board had put on there probably as a cruel joke. One name, one shot, of not having his company turned over to a minion of the board. One man who would never let Stark tech fall into the wrong hands. Captain Steven Rogers aka Captain America. There was just one problem.
Steve shrugged. “If you change you’re mind just crawl on in.”
“Life around here is never going to be boring as long as he’s around.” Bruce mused.
Tony turned away from the door, and wrapped his arms around himself in a comforting gesture, as he padded over toward his bed. Toeing his shoes off, Tony collapsed onto the thin mattress with the scratchy thin sheets. He was so god damned tired. Closing his eyes he turned onto his back, forcing his thoughts away from everything that had occurred down stairs. He wouldn't think about anything. He wouldn't.
Steve knelt on the ground at Tony’s feet. “Your pants are filthy, you might as well take them off.”
Tony gritted his teeth through the pain. “I’m sorry,” he groaned, his breath short. Steve paused, mid stride, at Tony’s pained groan. Slowly, carefully, he lifted Tony off his shoulder and set him on the ground in front of him, his gaze assessing.
Tony found himself scooped up again, but this time Steve was carrying him bridal style. It was embarrassing. One arm went up to wrap around Steve’s shoulder.
From his rather extensive research, he knew that the Avengers pack was both new and small. The pack consisted of Rodgers, his high school pal James Barnes, esteemed scientist Bruce Banner, a Russian spy by the name of Natasha Romanov, Clint Barton special agent and his wife Laura and their three children. Tony was startled to realize he was nervous to meet his new pack.
Steve’s gaze raked Tony over from head to toe, assessing. “Everything okay here, Tony?”
“Okay and my ribs a little bit. But it’s not going to stop me from doing my chores, so don't worry about that. It’s
Was it hot in here? Tony resisted the urge to pull at his collar as a wave of heat wracked his body. Nerves. He was nervous. If Steve was anything like Howard, Tony’s life from here on out was going to be hell. He barely concealed his flinch at the thought. At least Howard didn't have super soldier strength, Tony mused bitterly. If Steve were to beat him even lightly it might just land him in the hospital. Not that Tony necessarily thought he would, he gave Rogers and assessing glance, but the fact of the matter was that Tony recognized that he could be...well, Tony. Pushing buttons was just kinda what he did. Sometimes his mouth got away from him before his brain could catch up, and well, hell, it kept the boredom at bay. Something told him that it would be a bad idea to push any of Steve’s buttons though, at least until he warmed up to Tony.
And then the stuck up, spoon fed, too-smart-for-his-own-good little socialite turned on a trim heel, slapped his own ass, and made his way into the kitchen leaving a silent and shocked room of superheroes in his wake.
“Sir?” Jarvis’ voice filled the quiet of the barn, startling Tony so badly he sent his head careening upwards into the hood of the tractor.
“Why, Captain America, are you being vain? You want glitter to match your beautiful blue eyes?”
“Once a month, Stark. Once a month we will drive you into the city for whatever it is you need. But if you act out in any way, disobey any direct order, that privilege can and will be revoked. If it’s important enough to you, you will be on your best behavior.”
“Dr. Banner, your work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled and I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.”
Tony leaned back into the seat, tilted his head back and closed his tired eyes. With his duffel across his lap and the weight of the world temporarily lifted from his shoulders, Tony slept for the first time in 4 days.
Rhodey looked at Steve, his gaze sliding back to Tony who gave a half shrug of permission, before he met Steve’s eyes again.
“By golly,  watch your Language!” Tony chided sardonically, gaze so fixated on Rhodey’s horrified face that he didn’t notice the attention of the rest of the avengers swinging their way.
Tony was starting to feel bad. Just a bit. Like the smallest of bits.
“Where are your felicitations? Those better be happy tears. It’s my wedding day.” This wasn't a happy occasion and both of them knew it. Pepper chuckled without humor, pulling back to look into his eyes.
Tony was jerked out of his dark thoughts by a brutal hand in his hair, craning his neck farther to the side. His startled eyes flew up to the hard face of Steven Rogers, cheeks tinged just-so-slightly pink with discomfort. Tony snorted mentally at that. It was his idea after all. Did he think Tony wasn't sincere? That he wouldn't abase himself in front of a room full of strangers. Public humiliation was a favorite past time of the young Tony Stark. He had six sex tapes to prove it. Not that he was counting. Nope. And he was still waiting for the seventh and eighth to drop. But again, not counting.
-----------
Doubt prickled at the back of his mind. Rogers wasn't the sort to play mind games. The man was usually calm and collected, steady under pressure, and his temper was generally slow to ignite. But when a spark landed on that tinder, it burned bright and hot and absolutely smoldered. It was possible that the Captain was being honest when he said he had no intention of beating him. No intention of eliciting sexual favors from Tony. It was entirely possible that his temper got away with him, it wasn’t as if Tony acted like a typical Omega all the time either. It could confuse boundaries, blur lines. A ruddy blush burned its way up his neck and to his cheeks. He had crawled on the floor, the perfect submissive omega, had put his hands on Steve’s dick and had been this close to wrapping his lips around it. Not many men would have stopped Tony from completing that service. To have your enemy’s lips wrapped around your dick, at your complete mercy? To be able to humiliate them that way? Steve had seemed shocked, disgusted…
Tony’s lips compressed into a thin line, his gaze darting up to meet hers then back to the cucumber.
His musings were cut short when Bucky strode onto the room and deposited the clothes on the counter next to him before leaving. Tony wasted no time in getting dressed, he didn’t want Steve to start doing that for him too. He was done with being coddled. He wasn’t a baby, damnit.
Fear of the unknown had him frozen. It wasn't one of Tony’s better moments, and of course because he was mid-panic attack he didn't notice when Rogers walked out the front door to lean against the rail post.
“I wouldn't… I’m not going to
“Cuz you’re a pretty great guy.” He hiccuped “And ya know… like only a handful of people know it. You’re special, Tony. You-“
Now here was a kid after his own heart. “Alright kids, let’s stick to the plan. You remember the plan?” Lila nodded her head, chocolate colored curls swinging around her little cherub face as she gave him a grin that was missing two of her front teeth. “Sir, yes, sir!” Cooper saluted before spinning on his heel and digging said rocket out of the bag near the launch site.
Steve had said that, hadn't he? He needed to get back, the sooner the better. Maybe no one would notice dinner was late. Maybe they would be thankful...his dinners
Peggy moved away and not long after Stark was expelled. He had not cropped up until years later when he began working beneath his dad at Stark Industries. They said he was smart, graduated from MIT, but Steve doubted Stark even graduated high school. Those degrees had all been bought by Daddy dearest, always covering up for his less than stellar son.
Revenge. The towel before him resembled the American flag. The corner of his lip twitched upward in genuine amusement. Despite himself a guffaw escaped. Nearly twenty years ago he had done this very same thing to Steve Rogers.
The only plus to this was the sheer shock that flitted across Steven Rogers’ face. A hush fell over the ballroom as people slowly began to turn and look at the scene unfolding in front of them. He could see Rogers’ cheeks begin to pinken as the stares of hundreds of eyes found them, their curiosity piqued. Tony was used to being stared at. He was used to the cutting whispers and twitters, the looks both long and fleeting. This was the world he had been raised in, and while he didn't much care for it, it no longer bothered him. Nothing did.
“I don't want us to be at war constantly.” Steve continued on a pained sigh. “I know we don't like each other very much, but maybe we can still make this work. I’m not going to lie to you, I would never have chosen you as a partner if not for the, uh, extenuating circumstances. We are bound to get into disagreements… but I would never
“F-fuck.” He wheezed, jaw clenched and head tilted back slowly to stare up at the sky. He gave himself a minute to just feel the burn, the pulsating pain, before he tried to move.
“Hold still,” he commanded in that Alpha growl. It was guttural, dark, and instinctual. He doubted Steve realized he was using it. Still, it made Tony freeze and flush. He sat quietly while Steve cleaned up his face, bandaging the small scrapes. Tony let out a sigh of relief when the clatter of the rest of the crew came through the house.
The Avengers were back.
Tony sat back in the comfy dining room chair, legs crossed and hands folded in his lap, fingers twitching towards sunglasses he didn't have in a phantom attempt to cover his eyes so that the alpha sitting across from him wouldn't be able to see it whenever he rolled them. As it was, Tony had to keep a tight rein on his emotions and physical reactions, lest he give away more than he wanted to.  All the negotiating had already been taken care of prior to the bite and signing of the paperwork. Tony understood what was expected of him, just as he understood that this was just another way of Rogers rubbing his nose in his new position. See? Rogers’ eyes seemed to shine at him from across the large oak dining table, I’m in charge now and I can make your life miserable.
Rhodey snorted.
A grimace contorted the planes of his face as he forced himself to take a deep breath. He had lived with an Alpha like this one before. He knew what was expected of him. He knew that any challenge would only be met with brutality and hostility. That was what Alphas were, all that he had ever known them to be. He could go into the gym, probably surprise Steve by getting a few licks in before the Alpha cleaned the floor with him with his superior strength. But where would that get him? He
“Kinda far into the woods for you guys, don’t you think?” Tony murmured conversationally, glancing up at the darkening sky with concern. He was maybe a 5 minute hike from the entrance, 10 with his hobbled ankle. Dinner was usually on the table by now. He was so screwed. How was he going to hide a sprained ankle? It would work out, it wouldn't be the first time he had to cook with injuries, he reminded himself. If he could make a souffle with two black eyes he could barely see out of he was sure he could make a stir fry with a swollen ankle.  A brief glance at his clothes made him sigh again. It looked like he had been rolling around in mud.
The only thing that might work was proving to Rogers that he had changed. He wasn't a young kid who was wrapped up in his own ego and cruelty. If that star-spangled-asshole wanted him to get on his knees and beg for his consideration… fuck it.
There was no other word for it. Spine straight, plump lips tilted into a smirk, the little shit strode into the shock silent room swinging his hips and wearing nothing but a towel.
worth it.”
“Perfect.” He muttered, casting about for a sturdy stick to lean on. He needed to brace himself against it to ease the weight off his bad ankle. It took him a few minutes of crawling around on the forest floor to find what he was looking for. It was a large branch that split into a V shape, Tony snapped the excess twigs off so he was left with a makeshift crutch. Testing it out and finding it sturdy enough to bear his weight, Tony nodded. There would be no going the long way around to avoid the hens. He needed to stick to the main trail, chickens be damned.
“You mean the fake high school after you had already graduated MIT?”
“I’ve seen your twitter, Stark.” Rogers said only that morning with an apologetic shake of his head. “And I get that you want to go online but our pack is still new and vulnerable.  We really can’t afford any bad publicity right now. The recommendation from the higher ups at SHIELD was to lay low for a little bit. Let this whole mating thing blow over. They don’t want to give the media fuel to add to the fire, you know? If it makes you feel better you’re not the only one who has to go dark.”
Rhodey told him he played the part of a self absorbed, none too bright, Alpha a little too well. Tony had a lot of practice over the years hiding who he was, his true self, from the public and acquaintances. He wasn't allowed to show the sharp and cutting intellect behind the facade his father had demanded he erect. The reasoning being that if anyone ever found out that he was an Omega, every project he had ever worked on would be questioned. They’d lose funding, supporters. It absolutely rankled that Howard had been right. Look at what had happened to him now, for chrissakes. He wasn't even CEO of the company anymore and that hadn't been enough to keep the sharks at bay. They had been out for blood.
“I, hey, no lets… get up.” A strong hand cupped his elbow, pulling him up from his painful kneeling position. Tony couldn't help the reflexive jerk backwards, ripping his elbow out of Rogers’ grasp. Instead of admonishing him like his father would have done, Steve merely lifted both hands up in a placating gesture.
“.. I’m not going to
He rubbed at the ache in his temples. Sure. This was fine. Great even. What wasn’t there to like about his best friend meeting his Alpha?
Joy of joys.
Tony slammed the front door shut, ankles bleeding, and breathing heavy. He kicked off his shoes, face smeared with dirt, and made his way towards Rogers who was partially reclined on the sofa, a sketch pad in one hand and a piece of charcoal in the other.
Getting to his feet slowly, Tony groaned again. His ankle was a hot throbbing mess. Likely a minor sprain, which would make hiking back down the hill even more difficult.
“I knew you liked attention, Spangles, but I didn't realize you were this much of a slut for it. Poor little Brooklyn kid will do anything to turn a dime, huh?” Tony had drawled, smirking at the flushed and embarrassed Steven. He tossed Rogers clothes on the floor in front of him and a couple of dollar bills, knowing that his eyes shone with the malice that filled his heart. And like the utter jack ass he had been, he had walked away.
With that he pulled away, gave her a kiss on the cheek, and walked away. It was harder to do than he wanted to admit. He was leaving behind a life he knew, a life where he was in control of his own destiny, and putting himself into an old enemy’s hands.
Everyone assumed that Yinsen had been the one to build and design the suit that saved Tony’s life all those years ago in Afghanistan. He had, after all, spent a lifetime cultivating an image  of  a womanizing partier who rarely took anything seriously - including his education. When asked about it, and about the identity of Iron Man, Tony would smile vapidly into the camera and admit that he had been instrumental to the making of Iron man; he had the very important task of picking out the color of the suit. His idea. Red and gold, wasn't that flashy? Probably the most important part, right?  As far as who piloted the suit? Well someone much smarter than him, that was for sure. One of the scientists at the lab  who wished his identity to remain a secret. You know how it is. He’d smile and shrug, turn to watch with the crowd as Iron Man cut through the sky above them all.
An alpha thing huh? Tony mentally scoffed. Every Alpha he had ever known had never been interested in taking care of him. But maybe Rogers was different. Who knew?
He could feel his pulse thundering in his throat. How many press conferences, media junkets, interviews, and speeches had he been to or given? He had delivered speeches to a stadium full of people before but nothing came close to the tight feeling in his guts. It startled him to realize that he was actually nervous to officially meet his new pack. For so long he had been alone. A pack of one with no one to answer to or worry about.
Bruce choked on his coffee, Bucky snorted, and Steve looked poleaxed. Natasha of course, merely took a demure sip of her coffee and went back to reading the newspaper.
“See ya around, Tony.” he picked up his art supplies and headed towards the basement. It was the one area of the massive house that Tony had yet to explore.
“What kind of distress signal?” Alarm wormed its way into Tony’s chest.
Tony’s jaw felt tight. His entire body was lined with tension. Rogers wanted to talk about it? Great. This was just great.
Chapter 4:
“Get. Up. Now.” Steve bit out tersely. Tony had to swallow the lump of nerves that jangled like broken shards of glass in his throat. Had it worked? Smoothly he rolled to his feet, short strands of inky black hair still caught captive in Rogers' steely grip.
“This is where you’ll be staying.”
Tony had managed to procure an appointment for the end of the next week. Considering that Dr. Rothstein usually was booked out months in advance and Tony had missed his last appointment; it was indeed a stroke of luck. That or being rich had its benefits. Take your pick. Tony certainly wasn't one to look a gift horse in the mouth...well, at least not when it came to this.
“It’s just Stark, Steve. ‘Sides, that’s the least he deserves for all that stunts he pulled in high school. Can’t hide behind his Daddy’s name now.” Bucky muttered a lazy smirk curling on his lips, as his solemn and dark gaze turned toward the kitchen where Stark had disappeared to.
Tony froze as Steve leaned closer, their breaths mingling as one weighted moment bled into the next.
Steve blew out an irritated breath before making his way toward him. A part of Tony wilted,  wanted to cower, to bear his neck in submission to the obviously agitated Alpha. Tony ruthlessly beat that part down and met Steve’s snapping blue eyes stare for stare. If he was going to get throttled he was going to do it while standing his ground.
He flinched as the sound of his name echoed through the woods. He felt his heart stutter, and then he sighed. He had been gone too long...they were looking for him.
“Get down on your knees and beg for it. Now.”
Clint had been surprised to hear the deep belly laugh coming from the upstairs bathroom. He had anticipated a lot of things from the former tech mogul, but genuine amusement had not been one of them. Steve lifted his head from the map the group had been perusing, his head canted to the side as he too heard the laugh that echoed from the upstairs of the house. One brow winged upward in surprise. Apparently the packhouse had not been a happy homestead while they had been gone. Clint wasn't surprised. After everything that he had heard about Tony Stark, Clint felt bad for the Captain. Stark had a bit of a reputation, and a seedy past. The small humiliation of what Clint had just done was nothing compared to what the little shit actually deserved. According to Bucky, Tony Stark had gone out of his way in high school to bully Steve. The thing of it was, no one had ever understood why. Not even Steve. Some people were just rotten to the core. From the sounds of it, Stark was one of them. Did Clint feel bad about pranking an omega? Nope. Not a bit. That little shit deserved it. Had been born with a silver spoon in his privileged little mouth. Clint couldn't wait to rip it out. Welcome to the real world buddy.
“We’re in here!” Steve called over his shoulder. Tony tensed, ready to get up, but Steve laid a firm hand on his shoulder, pinning him in place.
Ooof, that Chapter hit me right in the feels. Hope you guys don't hate me for it! I'd also like to reiterate that editing and grammar isnt really a thing I excel at so... please forgive me, I know not what I do.
“But you did. You did ask me.” He snapped, and watched as Steve’s head jerked backward as if he had been physically slapped. “And you won't beat me for speaking my mind, sure. It’s okay if I’m wearing padding though. Wanna go a few rounds in the gym, super soldier? Really show your Omega who is the boss?” Tony bit off, teeth clacking together.
Steve sighed, that disapproving frown settling deeper and crinkling his brow, “come inside Stark. I will show you around.”
I had big plans for this chapter. Huge. It totally veered off into a different direction. Things happened that were not planned. *shrugs* But don't fear my friends! I have explanations and angst coming up in the next few chapters. Poor Tony :(
Steve nodded before walking away, his jaw tight and his steps measured. When Tony could hear his new Alpha walking down the stairs then, and only then, did he allow his head to fall into his cupped hands.
. The animosity and bullying had only gotten worse after the injection of serum as a sophomore. He had shot up overnight, beefed out, and thought that Stark wouldn't dare to touch him then.
Or, Clint amended with a brief flutter of respect and a healthy twinge of amusement, what was left of the towel. Tony must have found a pair of scissors somewhere up there. Olive skin was proudly on display, with only a small triangle of  cloth covering up his crotch. The rest of the towel had been cut into a small cape that fluttered down his back.
“Oof! What was that for?”
Was he supposed to feel grateful? Tony gave Steve a tight smile. “Thanks,” he said as he walked toward the door.
“No Stark. It’s not an option.” Rogers jerked his arm away, turning those broad shoulders away and giving Tony his back.
Rodgers’ eyes narrowed. “One day a week out of the packhouse to go into the city, Stark? You’re yanking my chain. If I give you an inch you will take a mile. It would take you less than an hour to cause an international incident. No.”
Concerned, Steve stepped forward. He must have made some sort of noise because Tony shot him a look over his shoulder.
And so, without a word of complaint, Tony had merely gritted his teeth and picked it up, not bothering to argue or point out the obvious; that Bucky was just trying to humiliate and belittle him. After all, fair was fair. How many times had Tony done this to Steve and Bucky? The only difference being that he had been 16 or 17 at the time, and full of vitriol. On his hands and knees he swept up the little particles of cereal at Bucky’s feet. When he was finished there was a flush of color to the Alpha’s cheeks. Something that rolled across his eyes and looked an awful lot like shame. After that incident he hadn’t had a problem with the winter soldier since. Maybe Bucky had been expecting a fight, verbal or physical, who knew? What he clearly hadn’t expected was for Tony to just take the bullying quietly, as if it were his due.
They weren't the only ones who were stunned. Perhaps as early as tomorrow Tony Stark would become the Omega mate of one Captain Steven Rogers, aka Captain America, who just so happened to still be carrying an eternal flame of burning hatred for him.
And then he had to pack. Rogers had been pretty clear that Tony’s lavish lifestyle was going to come to an end. The man hadn't outright said it during their negotiations, but it was there in the stern line of his jaw and the flash of disapproval in his eyes whenever they spoke of Tony’s assets. So Tony packed simply. He brought only a few pairs of jeans, his favorite band shirts, socks and boxers, and the penlight multi-tool that Pep had given him for his birthday the first year as his assistant. And of course, Jarvis. Well, sort of. It was a watch that his father had given him for his 8th birthday. Tony had, of course, reconfigured it to suit his needs. He would be able to communicate with Jarvis through the watch, not to mention that it also acted as a homing beacon - just in case.
Speaking of food, Tony eyed the fridge dubiously. It was his responsibility to make breakfast. His lips twerked upward in wry amusement as his gaze alighted on a small stack of cookbooks set out on the island. Cooking for Dummies. The Joy of Cooking. How to Cook Everything. The Flavor Bible. With a huff he turned his back to the stack of books and faced the coffee maker. Poured himself a cup and took that first glorious sip of coffee. He went from running a multi-billion dollar company, heading the R/D department, to being a glorified housekeep. He had left his work behind, all those unfinished formulas and prototypes, so that he could make Captain America breakfast and clean his tighty whities.
Rhodey had teased him mercilessly in college about his need for coffee, had even gotten him a mug as big as his head that read “No talkie before coffee”. It had been nice, Tony mused fondly, to have a friend. One who saw and knew his true self. Being a 13 year old on a college campus had been...awkward and alienating. Luckily he had made a friend in Rhodey, and the old Sourpatch hadn't been able to shake him since. Tony scratched the stubble on his jaw. Colonel Rhodes was not going to be happy when he got back from deployment and found out about Tony’s mating to Steve. He was out of the country  on a top secret mission. Blah blah blah. Something about a terrorist organization. Tony wasn’t worried for his friend, he was -after all-  rocking War Machine.
Tony opened his mouth ready to argue some more before Steve’s words caught up with him. He stood there for a moment, confusion puckering his brow and his mouth ajar as if he were trying to catch flies. He was physically startled at how easy that had been. He had fully expected to be dragged over to Bruce’s house kicking and screaming. His father certainly wouldn't have cared if Tony preferred one doctor over another. When it came to anything to do with his body, Tony had rarely had a say in the matter, even as the drugs they were pumping into him made him physically sick and nauseous. One particular drug had even made his hair fall out in clumps. Fun times.
Tony had jerked his head away to stare at the ground instead, a soft blush suffusing his cheeks. What was wrong with him? He took a deep breath to calm his stupid heart as Natasha sidled up to him and nudged him gently with her elbow, her gaze still on the steady progress Steve was making on his return trip down.
Tony made his way toward Rogers, his hand fisting almost spasmodically on his duffel. He didn't know why he was stupid nervous, on the verge of a panic attack, but he’d be damned if he ever let Rogers see that he was intimidated as hell and completely out of his element.  He knew that Rogers had expectations, just as he knew that those expectations would eventually be met with disappointment. Tony just wasn't the type. He never had been. His stomach knotted and clenched. Taking a fortifying breath Tony followed Steve up the steps of the front porch and across the threshold of the cabin. Into his new life. If he felt the walls around his heart harden a bit, well, it couldn't be helped.
Tony yelped at the sudden press of fingers on his bruised ribs, but quickly clamped his lips shut. He sat in silence, enduring Bruce’s too thorough exam. Moving when he was told to move, breathing deep when he was told to breathe. Bruce checked him over from top to bottom.
By the slight dimming of Steve’s smile, it looked like it was actually a reference he understood.
“Colonel Rhodes has sent out a distress signal. Permission to send him your location?”
Yeah, blow some more smoke up my ass, Rogers, Tony had thought vindictively. Tony was wise to the ways of Alphas, and he knew that (like a child) Steve was telling him maybe to avoid an argument. Not that they argued much. Tony was still unsure of his position in the pack. Hell, it didn't take a genius to figure out that he was at the bottom, but he wasn't sure what he could get away with yet. And after only a little over three weeks since the last incident… Tony wasn't feeling particularly brave enough to find out. So he had given Rogers a tight smile and nod, and backed out of the room. Opting to go for a walk instead. He would have to head back soon to start lunch… not that he was pulling huge crowds with his meals. For some reason, they just didn't seem to like his cooking. A smirk tugged at his lips. Considering that he could barely stand it himself, he could relate.
Work that he had to keep his involvement in a complete secret. There were a few reasons, decided upon by both Howard and Obie years ago, but the fact of the matter was that Tony Stark was an Omega. Omegas, he had been told since the time he was knee high, had no business in weapons manufacturing. Nevermind that Tony was an absolute genius, whiz, and could even give Howard a run for his money at the age of 14. Pretty early on his path in life had been decided. To the world he would act the Alpha. His Omega orientation would be kept secret by conditioning and suppressants that would hide his scent and Omega urges. He was never to reveal his true nature to anyone, and any work he did on behalf of the company would be done in secret and under an alias lest his true orientation be discovered and his omega status ruin them all. Because Omegas simply did not build weapons. Who would trust a rocket launcher dreamt up by a soft hearted omega? It was bullshit. Omega rights had made great strides since Howard and Obie’s time, but they had both been stuck firmly in the past.
“For goodness sake, Tony. No one expects you to cook dinner tonight. Just...stop talking. And don’t move. Everything you say just… makes me mad.”
The next couple of days practically flew. There was much to be done, and many kinks to be worked out. Tony had to tie up loose ends, trusting in Pepper to finish whatever he couldn't get to in the span of 48 hours. He hired moving crews to pack up his homes in Malibu and New York, and sold  off the international villas and homesteads. He had a feeling with Captain America as his new mate there would be no need for lavish vacations. While he still had control of his accounts there were some things he had to take care of. Funds to be set up. Tony had to be very careful that those funds were no longer in his name and under his control. Off-shore accounts had to be opened and closed, money squirreled away for what Tony considered to be his most important charities.
“Great. Just in time for dinner.” Tony groaned.  “Tell him to come straight to the barn. Do not fly over the homesteads. The last thing I need is a bunch of Alphas breathing down the back of my neck.”
“Of course it’s alright, Tony.”
Tony stiffened at the derision and condescending tone. “Listen, Rogers, I know that we have a rough history-”
Steve smiled in welcome. “Fresh out of the oven, as a matter of fact.”
It would be about 20 minutes later that he would discover what Steve meant about aggressive wild life.
While Steve and the gang chatted with Rhodey, offering him a fresh Change of clothes when they got back to the house, Tony couldn’t help but drag his feet.
.” There was an almost pleading lilt to Tony’s voice, “I can, I can still cook and clean, and I - look it's not gonna stop me from pulling my weight around here. I might just do it a little slower, is all.  And I can..next time I’ll let you know if I go hiking…” Tony  choked off as every one of his words just made Steve’s eyes narrow and jaw clench tighter and tighter. He had the distinctive feeling he was digging his own grave.
Chapter One: For Your Consideration
Tony paused in his mangling of the cucumber. He set the knife down, out of reach of the super spy, and turned to regard her levelly.
“Hey buddy, we were worried about you. Glad Steve found you. Do you mind if we take off your shirt, I’d really like to check your ribs.”
Steve didn't say anything. He sat quietly, eyes solemn, and full of pained regard.
Tony’s eyes narrowed his jaw clenching. Nothing got under his skin faster than the mention of his father. Yeah, Dear ol’ Dad was just so perfect, and he had a collection of scars to prove it.“I think I’d just cut the wire.” his voice came out soft, serious, and tight.
“What are you suggesting?”
It took a few minutes for Tony to familiarize himself with Steve’s kitchen. He felt like a thief rifling through the cabinets at the ass crack of dawn, trying not to be too loud lest he wake sleeping beauty.  The need for coffee thrummed in his brain, pulsing and pushing at his temples. When he found the coffee beans a delighted sigh left his lips. At least he knew how to work the espresso maker/coffee machine. He had designed this particular model himself, afterall, only last year.
“Ah, the war room.” Tony had quipped, to which Rogers had simply arched one of those damn supercilious eyebrows of his. As his lips parted Tony sighed and waved him away. “Yeah, yeah, not allowed in here either. Got it, Cap.”
Unfortunately for Tony’s wounded pride, there was too much on the line for him to simply give up and walk away. Gritting his teeth he darted in front of his old nemesis, whiskey eyes snapping fire.
“You think I had something to do with designing the armor, huh? Thanks for the ego stroke. You know I love it when people stroke my ego.”
“Tony!” Steve’s voice bellowed again, getting louder as he drew closer.
That was awful. Truly awful. Steve frowned down at the plate and the coffee and sighed. Maybe he needed to look into buying cereal. You can’t burn cereal. He could only imagine what lunch was going to be like.
“You have been considered Stark.” Steve’s hot breath fanned against his ear, making a shudder crawl involuntarily between his shoulder blades, tightening the skin there. “Have your contract on my desk tomorrow morning. You will deliver it yourself. We will go over my expectations then. Spoiler alert, Stark, you’re not going to like them.”
Steve chuckled softly, his head dipping down so that their faces were mere inches from each other. “You think my eyes are beautiful, huh?”
When they clambered to their feet it was to see Clint getting a sharp elbow into the ribs by Natasha, who was glowering down at him.
across the floor to Steve, his gaze lowered, movements almost feline in fluidity, and the line of his stubbled jaw tense. Slowly, Stark reached up towards Steve’s waist,  fingers brushing gently against his abdomen as they unknotched his belt with a skilled deftness that left Steve momentarily stunned. Steve didn't have time to react. It happened pretty quickly, and to be honest, he was floored that Stark. That Stark…
“Yeah, you love it nerd.”
Well hey there guys. This is... yeah. It's been a while. How's your pandemic going? :P
“Nope.” Tony gently chucked his best friend on the chin. “Don’t worry about me Pep. I’m a Stark. We land on our feet.”
“Black is fine. Thank you Tony.”
Tony turned and gave her one of his patented charming grins. “I’d never forget such a pretty, deceitful, face. Is there anything real about you? Do you even speak Latin?”
“Yeah, well, I guess I’ll let you get settled in then.” Rogers said briskly. “I’d like to talk to you in a bit about some household expectations. Go over things again.”
Steve sighed. “Yeah, of course you can go.” Tony snorted. As if Steve had not stopped him from leaving earlier. The man was full of contradictions. He didnt bother to point that out. Tony shot up from his chair. He didn't care that he looked like a wounded thing, tail tucked between his legs as he walked quickly from the room and up the stairs to his small bedroom at the back of the house.
It was about a week later, while he was alone and sequestered in the barn, that the watch on his wrist came alive.
“I didn’t tell you to do that.” Tony groused.
Tony froze, wide eyed, as Rogers made his way toward the pantry and returned with a first aid kit.
Steve let out a breath that hissed out his nostrils and through clenched teeth. Tony flinched. Steve pushed away from the counter, away from Tony and walked toward the sink. Tony listened, eyes averted and neck bared, as Steve turned on the water.
Surprise flickered across the smaller man’s face. “Ah this? It’s fine, just fine. Do you want water? I made orange juice. Think you might need a new blender though.”
The dynamic in the house changed drastically. The Avengers breathed life into the cabin, their squabbles and jokes ringing through the air like a tolling bell.  There was constantly someone around whenever he walked into a room. The packhouse only quieted down late at night, after everyone had gone back to their respective homes. Sometimes there were sleepovers, but not often. Clint, perhaps, spent the least amount of time at the packhouse, as he had a family that lived about a mile up the road.
“Shove it, Rogers!” Tony shouted back, from the top of the landing. He froze, trepidation in the line of his shoulders, a cagey wariness in his gaze as he turned down to look at a smirking Steven Rogers.
“You do know how to cook, don’t you Stark?” The derision in Steve’s voice sent his hackles up. Before Tony could say anything, Steve shook his head in a dismissive manner.
“You seem to still harbor some ill will there towards me Spangles. It’s like 3 birds and one stone. Keep Stark tech off the black market. Have a small fortune at your hands to help rebuild your pack. Money to make investments so that they have a future. And get your old high school nemesis at your complete mercy - which is the last place he ever would want to be.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, the prodigal Alpha returns! Morning Spangles. Eggs are on the table. Scrambled. I was trying to make an omelette but well, now we’re having scrambled eggs.” He fluttered his eyelashes, his whiskey eyes lacking the warmth the tone of his voice employed.
“Always a way out,” Steve scoffed before he leaned closer, elbows on the table and blue eyes cold as an arctic wind. “You may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.”
“You have two options, Omega.” Steve’s voice was sharp as a cracking whip, “We can go down to the gym. Get you into some padding. Go a few rounds.” The almost violet gleam in his eye showed how much he was hoping Tony took that suggestion. “Or you can get on your knees, right now.” He continued, his voice quieter and deadlier than Tony had ever heard it. “And apologize for the disrespect you showed your Alpha.”
“Captain Steve Rogers, Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. It is a pleasure to meet you, sir.”
“Look guys,” Tony started, standing stock still, and suddenly feeling every single scrape and bruise from his fall down the mountain  “I’m not going to lie to you. I’ve had an awful day, I’m in a lot of pain already. Let’s just call it a truce for now, okay? Just let me go, and I’ll make sure there’s some corn in for you. No? Strawberries? Lettuce? Bread?”
Shaking his head to clear his thoughts, his thumb stroked over the glossy surface of the flip phone clenched in his hand. Taking a deep, cleansing, breath to scatter his derailed train of thought Tony thumbed the phone open and dialed the number he knew by heart.
He started back down the mountain, straying off the marked path while considering making a sling shot and taking care of his little avian problem once and for all, when the ground shifted beneath his feet. With a grunt he tripped, toppling down the hill ass over teakettle  before coming to a jarring stop when his stomach was sent slamming into the base of a tree. The incline of the mountain was steep, and luckily Tony hadn’t gone too far up otherwise that would have hurt a lot worse.
Steve chuckled, surrendering the rag without a fight.
Steve’s shrug was noncommittal, despite the small smirk working at the corner of his lips, and the dimple winking in his cheek.
Maybe tomorrow. He was getting too comfortable. No sense in pushing his luck. He didn't know, yet, what Steve’s boundaries were and which lines couldn't be crossed. Tony was sure he was going to stumble across them eventually.
Steve scoffed. “Lets not pretend, Stark. You’re here today because I owe your father my life. He was one of the best men I’ve ever known. You can pretend all you want that it’s about Stark Industries, but I’ve seen the footage. The only thing you fight for is yourself. You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on the wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
Tony groaned, rubbing his eyes. It was funny that after a six hour nap he could still feel so exhausted and burnt out. Giving the driver a thin lipped smile Tony nodded his head and hopped out of the car, duffel slung across his shoulders and sun glasses firmly in place.
And dammit, Rogers… well, he had tortured that kid in high school. God how he had hated him. So if Rogers wanted to get back at him a little bit, rough him up - humiliate him… who was he to complain really? The legislative process could be pretty slow, but times they were a-changin’ and he wouldn't be forced to be here too much longer. For two years he had made Rogers’ life a living hell. Purposefully. Deliberately.  Seemed only fair that Rogers got the chance to do the same.
Tony’s shoulders were hunched, arms crossed defensively over his chest. Steve glanced at him from the corner of his eye, his lips twitching upward slightly.
One big, blonde, stubborn asshole who was refusing to give him the time of day.
Steve had been the most normal of all. Peering up into the branches overhead, with a good natured sigh he had simply climbed the tree to get the rocket back going hand over hand. The good Captain had no flair for the dramatic it seemed, Tony mused with a secret smile. Tony had still been impressed none-the-less, watching the play of muscles as Steve hauled himself up that tree. The way Steve’s shirt clung to those broad shoulders, the flex of the muscles in his biceps, the-
“Caught you,” Steve whispered,  one strong hand pinning both of Tony’s wrists above his head. Tony’s heart stuttered at the slow smile that formed on Steve’s face. He could feel the warm  press of the larger man’s body against his own. From thigh to chest they were pressed against each other, Steve's larger form caging Tony beneath him. A heated flush stole up his neck and spread across his cheeks. He felt small and helpless beneath Steve, certain the Alpha could have pinned him in place with only those thickly lashed piercing eyes. The surprising thing? He didn’t seem to mind. What was with these hormones? Tony swallowed thickly.
“So how do you want to do this?” Stark spoke softly, meeting his eyes boldly for the first time and snapping Steve out of his brooding thoughts. There was a steely determination in those whiskey colored eyes. A challenging expectation in his gaze. For a second Stark looked at him as if he really knew him, and that he was greatly disappointed in him. Something smoldered unflinchingly there. “Shirt on? Shirt off? Do you want my hands over my head or bent over the table?”
Good ol’ Pepper. Keeper of secrets.
Steve smirked. “You think I set … feral chickens on you? Like a pack of wild dogs?”
“Cooking for Dummies, Sourpatch. He just assumed I couldn’t cook. You know how I hate to disappoint.”
Rhodes dropped his fork onto the dining room table with an echoing clatter.
Being nice. Acting like you care. But Tony didn't say that. Instead what came out of his mouth in the most aggressive tone he had used with Rogers since this whole thing began was:
“So, pizza?” Rhodes deadpanned. There was a collective sigh of relief from the rest of the table.
Tony was stuck between a rock and a hard place. Which was, he thought with a bitter twist of his lips, the understatement of the year. Over the past three months things had seriously began to fall apart for the former CEO of Stark Industries. At the age of 31 he had been at the helm of his father’s company for nearly a decade. It was a sad start, to be sure, taking over a multi billion dollar company after both his parents were tragically killed in a car accident. But the young Stark had managed to do it in stride. To some he was America’s golden boy, but most people  considered him a playboy. He drank too much, he partied too hard, he was too wild and unpredictable. His early twenties had been a string of bad press. When he wasn't making a splash across the headlines with his latest scandals, he was buried in work.
“I was planning on making grilled cheese sandwiches, anyone want one? No? Probably a good call. I’m a terrible cook. I burn most of everything, you can ask the good Captain. Well, I’ll let you lovely people get back to your work.” Whiskey colored eyes scanned the table before locking in on Clint himself.
“Permission to be dismissed, Alpha?” Tony spat the words at the floor, refusing to look at Steve. At the wide blue eyes filled with disgust and shock.
“Are you sure Colonel? It would be nice to meet a friend of Tony’s.”
Hey there folks! Thank you, thank you, thank you for all of your lovely comments. I can't begin to tell you how much they mean to me! They were the driving force behind finishing this chapter. I'm going to go now and respond to them individually, but I wanted to get this chapter up first. I know its been a while, I've just been a tad busy between work (THAT'S RIGHT, I AM ESSENTIAL lol) and homeschooling my rapscallions.  I hope you liked it! I THINK we will be seeing Rhodey next chapter... but no promises. :P  As usual I apologize for my crap grammar and any spelling errors you may have encountered. I hope they weren't too glaring. Let me know what you thought of this one.
“Not too long,” he demurred, his gaze sweeping over the passed out Rhodes before lighting on Tony. “maybe about half way up the staircase.”
Minutes ticked by in absolute quiet. Tony could scarcely hear anything over the pounding of his own heart. What if this didn't work? What if the Captain walked away regardless of this display of submission? Despite everything?  A true moment of panic struck Tony then, making it hard to breathe past the sudden lump in his throat. There were so many people who were counting on him. And here he was, despite his best efforts, failing again like he always did. Why was he like this? Why did absolutely everything he touched turn to such sh-
“This might go quicker, Rogers, if you just showed me the parts of the house I’m allowed to enter.”
terrible.
“I’d rather you didn’t.” Tony shook the sweat from his hand, wiping it on his pants. “What did I tell you about letting Hammer anywhere near that suit?”
“It’s one day, Rogers. One day a week. That’s all I’m asking for. I’ll say yes to everything else.”
The contract had been signed on that first day. Tony had brought it himself, shame and embarrassment an oily coating inside of his guts, as he stood before Rogers with his fisted hands buried in his pockets. Rogers himself looked nonplussed. A man on top of the world, although a man who was currently faced with a task he found most unpleasant.
Shaking his head, Steve led them out of the war room and toward the staircase that lead upstairs. Jaw tight, Steve led him up the stairs that overlooked the living room - explaining that there was also an indoor gym in the basement, but he would need permission to enter. There was a long stretch of hallway. Steve’s bedroom was on one end, and there were two more guest bedrooms that were, unsurprisingly, off limits. Tony let out a sigh.
“Wait… so, this entire time - for over a month - we’ve been eating terrible meals… because Steve insulted you? And we got punished too?”
“Patience, young padawans.” Tony whispered, hands going to the remote control he had secreted away for just this occasion. With deft fingers, eyes never leaving the sky, he turned the controller on a devious smirk twisting his lips. The rockets they had been sending up for the better part of an hour had been simple home kit things. They went up and fell where they fell. The Gold rocket had been a fun project with two of his favorite minions. This particular rocket was remote controlled… and had a fun surprise in store for the Alphas waiting in the distance. As the rocket hurdled back into view Tony began maneuvering it toward the group of Alpha’s laughing and chatting in the distance.
He didn't know why, but for some reason his brain faltered, like a train stuck on the tracks. Pistons pumping, wheels cranking, but going nowhere. Out here in the middle of nowhere. This was a homestead. A home. Unfamiliar and foreign on every single level to Tony. There was no place for him here. He wasn't the homesteading type. He didn't know how to be a pack member, let alone an Omega of the pack. He had spent too long living alone, going his own way and barely seeing to his own needs. Pretending to be an Alpha. And now? Now he would need to pretend to be an Omega. But how could he do that?  What would be expected of him now? Cold seized his lungs, sending shards of ice to stab through his chest. Tony could feel his shoulders begin to shake even as his world narrowed. Was this cold feet? If it was, it was a little too late for it. The contract had been signed, he had a perfect impression of the very-fucking-painful bite of Steven Rogers’ teeth buried into his shoulder. He was walking into an unfamiliar place with people who would most likely hate him on sight. Hell, he didn't even know if there was a place for him here. Would he spend the rest of his days as an unwanted guest? Perhaps Steve would shut him away, locked in a tower like an old spinster. Oh don’t mind the howling kids, that’s only Tony the pack Omega, only good for his money.
“I considered it briefly, but watching you two stumble up the stairs was far more entertaining.” Steve chuckled, “I even got it on video. We can watch it later and laugh and laugh and -oof!” Steve chortled as Tony sent his elbow careening into the Alpha’s hard stomach - probably hurting himself more than Steve.
“Five...four… three.. Two...one!” Cooper and Lila pushed the launch button and the three watched as the rocket rose into the sky until it was just a speck amongst the white cotton ball clouds overhead.
Long story short, it looks like I probably wont be able to post as frequently as I have in the past. So my apologies for that!
“I have sent him the coordinates,  sir.”
“Just how long have you been watching us, Captain?”
Tony.” He sputtered, spitting the chicken casserole from hell into his napkin. Down the table Steve arched an eyebrow, shoulders swiveling towards Rhodes as he gamely tried to chew through the hardened piece of chicken in his mouth. Tony had to hand it to him, the man tried every terrible dish he made. Never complained and always thanked him for the meal. Tony wasn’t sure how that should make him feel. Happy? Bad?
“Colonel!” Steve’s voice was starting to get the dangerous growly undertone to it. “You’re out of line.”
“I can take care of myself, you know.”
“I suppose I'm going to have to go outside to find my clothes, yes? Somewhere up high? Ah, a tree, of course. I’d say clever but it’s a little cliche, don't you think?”
Steve didn't bother to point out that orange juice was usually made by hand or with a juicer, not a blender. He eyed the orange rind speckled piece of machinery sitting next to the sink and again had to hold back a smile. Tony was awful at cooking, clueless really, but he was being so earnest that it was… well, almost endearing. Almost.
How wrong he had been. The pranks had only gotten worse. More dastardly. More humiliating. In the end Stark had humiliated him in front of the entire school, and then had the audacity to knock up Steve’s girlfriend, Peggy. When he had heard Stark making disparaging remarks about Peggy, having no intention of making an honest girl out of her, Steve’s control had finally snapped. He’d beaten Stark bloody up and down the halls of Trinity. And Stark? That crazy bastard had merely spat out a mouthful of blood and
“This is why we can’t have nice things, you idiot.” Nat muttered, turning on a trim heel and heading toward home.
“From my calculations it appears you have about 14 minutes before Colonel Rhodes arrives, sir.”
Clenching his jaw he collapsed into his chair. He was ashamed of himself. Ashamed that he had spent the day cleaning out the storage closet and making Tony’s new bedroom as sparse and uncomfortable as possible without crossing the border of down right neglect. He just couldn't help it. There was too much history there. Too many memories. Steve tried to imagine how Tony felt, but it was hard.
“Get a room Romeo!” Clint’s holler snapped them both back to reality. Tony squirmed beneath Steve’s body as he tried in vain to free himself from the strong hands pining him to the ground.. Steve chuckled, those same strong hands coming down to frame Tony’s cheeks.
“Sometimes there’s collateral damage .” Tony said with a one shouldered shrug.
The next morning, after breakfast, Tony went out for another walk. This time with an eye out for any angry, evil, flightless birds. The air was clean and fresh, the grass wet and dewy (apparently it had rained last night), and Tony tried to force his mind from the dark thoughts that had been hovering in his brain since he woke up this morning. He felt like things had improved so far with Rogers, but he couldn't be sure. There was definitely less aggression directed toward him. He wouldn't say they were friends or even necessarily friendly, but something about what had taken place the other night - that shameful humiliating night - had changed the dynamic between them. This morning Steve had even given him a tight smile and thanked him for breakfast. Tony knew exactly how that breakfast had tasted, so it was actually a kind gesture. He turned toward the mountain range in the distance, following the dirt path that led up from the lush green valley where the pack house was situated to the sloping hills that seemed to be calling his name.
“Good. I was worried about your vision. Maybe you were legally blind or something. Who am I to judge?”
Tony had been content to sit the game out, knowing from the beginning and real world experience how it was going to play out.
“Aggressive wildlife, huh Rogers?” Tony plucked a feather out of his hair, brushing the dirt off his pants and onto the floor, eyes narrowing at the amused smile that hid inside Steve’s eyes.
It didn't matter that Steve had never once raised a hand to him, not since that incident in high school where he had been walloped until he was bloody and bruised. That had been a young and untrained Steve Rogers taking him to task for an imagined slight. It was ironic, Tony thought with a bitter chuff,  of all the truly terrible things he had done to Rogers as a kid… he got his ass kicked over something that…
Tony ran a dirty hand through his equally dirty hair, soft downy feathers jarred loose from the motion and drifted lazily to the floor.
“I think you know who Iron man really is. I think you had more to do with his conception than picking out the colors of the armor.” She pressed her palm to his chest, fingertip tapping against the arc reactor that glowed a soft blue beneath his shirt.  “Any chance you just wanna tell me about him? Give me a name?”
Being a super soldier came with its advantages. So that softly muttered expletive still reached Steve’s ears and made the back of his neck go hot and stiff with a strange mixture of satisfaction and shame. Gritting his teeth he walked toward the office, or as Tony had aptly dubbed it, the war room. He was struggling with coming to terms with the unexpected turn his life had recently taken.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I know what broken ribs feel like, these are bruised. Couple ibuprofen and some water and I will be right as rain. No sweat, Doc.”
Rhodey pursed his lips and blew out a hard breath. His gaze narrowing on the group stalking up the road behind them. “You need me to get you out of here, Tones?” His voice was pitched soft, calm, but deadly serious. Tony loved him for it.
Steve startled. He
“I tried to get you out of dinner, multiple times, if you’ll recall. You’re the one who can’t take a hint.”
that. He did. And still his stomach was tight with nerves and his fingers trembled as they worked the snap of his jeans. Tony jerked as Steve’s calloused hands brushed his away. He made quick work of shucking a wobbly Tony out of his stained and worn clothes. He was left sitting in a stool in his black boxer briefs, cheeks flushed, as he looked anywhere but at Steve who was still kneeling on the ground at his feet. Steve made quick work of his ankle. Wrapping it up with a practiced ease as if he had done it many times before. He got up, and Tony let out a sigh of relief, his shoulders sagging, only to groan as Steve returned with yet another damp dish cloth. When he began to quietly but firmly stroke down his arms and chest Tony squeaked in indignation, swatting Steve’s hands away.
“Not much room there for you, is there?” Steve nodded toward Rhodey.
Steve cocked his head to the side, his brow puckering in confusion.
Steve’s smile grew broader, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he reached out a hand and mussed Tony's hair affectionately.
“Look, I like Brucey bear. And he is a doctor, sure,” Tony said with a tense shrug “but he is not a specialist in the Omega reproductive field. And although I’m sure he could figure it out  because he’s a smart guy, I’d rather stick with my own doctor who already knows everything there is” he waved a hand up and down his torso “there is to know about my body.”
“You know what? I bet pizza would be good. Or Korean? We could order some shawarma, I have no idea what that is but I need to try it.”
Well, there it is. Chapter 2. Once again I want to apologize for any grammatical errors and reiterate that I, in fact, suck at editing/spelling/grammar. So... Thank you all for hanging in with me and reading. Your reviews mean so much and make me smile, it's fun to get the notifications and nerd out for a bit in the middle of the day. I was originally going to write this fic entirely from Tony's POV, but if I did that I feel like poor Steve would be so hated that everyone would come after him with torches and pitchforks. So, you also heard from Steve in this chapter about some of the things Tony did to him in high school. Makes his anger understandable, and something he is going to struggle with in the upcoming chapters. Please keep in mind that with young Tony, not everything is as it seems. He was definitely a mean little shit, but not a completely terribly mean little shit. :P I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Tony smiled tightly. “I’m sure you are.”
Tony ducked his head, not fighting his instincts this time as he bared his neck. Everything he was doing was wrong. He sucked at this. Steve was going to revoke privileges. He wasn't going to be able to go to the city and he only had another week left...
He destroyed it. Once Stark Industries got their hands on his personal lab and notes, there would be too many conclusions they could draw that would lead them to places Tony wanted them nowhere near. He didn't want the bastards to have any of his tech. He couldn't afford for his weapons to once again fall into enemy hands. Jarvis and DUM-E were the only things left unscathed. Jarvis was incorruptible. And DUM-E? Well, Tony didn't have the heart to hurt the little guy, annoying as he was.
Rhodey’s eyes fluttered shut for a moment. He took a deep breath as if searching for his zen, which he frequently did whenever they hung out together for some reason, before opening his eyes.
“Again, busy guy-“
“Tony!”
“Hey there Spangles,” Tony gave a wink. “Nice place you got here. Got that ‘Cabin in the Woods’ vibe to it.” At Rogers’ blank stare, Tony continued. “You know, slasher film? Fine. Friday the 13th? Last house on the left?”
“Nope!” Tony popped his ‘p’ with a sigh as he stepped away from the bed and out toward the hallway surreptitiously rubbing his elbow.  “Looks like I’m sleeping in the cupboard under the stairs for tonight.”
“It doesn't matter. There are cookbooks in the kitchen. Stick to the basics. If you put in half the amount of effort you put towards all the drinking and partying you like to do, you’ll learn in no time.”
“Listen. I’m not… I’ve never had an Omega before. I mean, around. In the house or… I’m just not used to this. To you.” Steve stuttered. Normally Tony would find that amusing, a man known for his inspiring speeches stuttering through whatever the hell this was, but all he wanted right now was to get the fuck out of this room. As far from what had just transpired as humanly possible.
“You poor thing,” Steve said through a smile, as he sat up from his reclined position. He set down his sketch pad  before rising to his feet with a stretch. The smile faded a bit as Tony took a flinching defensive step back, putting distance between them.
It was hard to imagine his high school bully as anything but an egotistical, snot nosed, Alpha. And although it appeared as if Tony was still the same egotistical asshole, he sure as hell wasn't an Alpha. Steve didn't know how he had missed it before. How the entire world hadn't seen through the smoke screen Tony threw up around himself. An Omega shoulder checking him in the hallway? An Omega tripping him? Pushing him down the stairs? It went against their very nature to hurt others. So why the hell had Tony narrowed in on him? Focused on making Steve’s life a living hell and no one else’s?
Steve snorted. “You’re obviously in pain, Tony.”  Steve’s voice came out hard, gritty. “And apparently I can’t trust you to be honest with me.”  Cautiously Tony tilted his head back to stare up at the Alpha holding him. Steve was a hard one to peg. He never knew where he stood with the Alpha. With Howard and Obie, things had been pretty cut and dry. Was Steve mad? Tony hated that he didn't know, but staring up at his Alpha’s hard blue eyes and clenched jaw made Tony think maybe Steve
The next few days passed uneventfully. Tony woke up, made breakfast (terribly) did his chores around the cabin and spent the remainder of his day avoiding Steve until meal times, in which they both sat down and tried to eat (tried being the operative word there, twice they had to order takeout instead) Tony’s culinary creations. Steve, for his part, seemed keen to avoid him too… as if they were both tiptoeing around the big elephant in the room. It was on the fourth day of their little routine, after breakfast, that Tony approached Steve.
“Would you
Tony reached up, wrapped his hand lightly around her tapping fingertip and pulled it away from his chest.
Tony made several calls that afternoon in the barn. By the time he came out his shoulders felt lighter, his hobbling steps had an extra skip to it, and the tightness around his eyes had eased. He felt something that was approximately close to happy, and he could hardly believe it. For a moment he imagined a life here, as part of the Avengers pack, and what that would entail. What that would
Tony and kids were already running, laughing tears streaming down their cheeks at the look of shock that had been plastered across every one of the groups face. That is, except for Natasha and Bruce. For some reason Nat had this sixth sense for when a prank was headed her way and Bruce was no fool. If Nat was walking away he was dodging her heels. Mock roars filled the air behind them as the rest of the pack gave chase. For a few blissful moments it was Tony and the little agents sprinting across the open field heading toward the pack house. The sun was warm and bright overhead, the day beautiful, and the sound of breathless laughter filled his ears - some of it his own - as they tried to outrun the rest of the pack.  A squeal from behind him told him that little Lila had been captured. A glance over his shoulder showed a red and gold bedecked Bucky tossing the little hellion up into the air and catching her in sure hands.
Sitting up, slowly and gingerly, Tony groaned at the bruised feeling in his ribs. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead as old memories assaulted him. He shook his head. He wasn’t in Afghanistan anymore. His ribs were likely bruised, not broken, and it was a tree and his own sloppy footing that had done him in, not a captor’s boot or fists. Pushing away the panic attack, Tony gathered his strength. He couldn't stay in the woods all night like a little damsel in distress waiting to be rescued. He could only imagine Steve’s reaction at having to come and find him. What other amenities could be taken away from him? Maybe he’d be locked in the attic. His chest constricted at the thought.
“A malfunction? On my baby?” Tony was
The board had prepared a ball. Everyone on that list would be in attendance. Perhaps with the intent to woo the infamous Tony Stark. Perhaps to gloat at the position the once powerful Omega now found himself in. In any case, Tony had eyes for only one person.
“When you say excellent cook..” Bruce trailed off, head cocked to the side and eyes all squinty.
“Okay, just let me know when we need to head up.” Steve called after him before walking out of the cabin, on his way over to Nat’s place to go over a couple of “logistical” things.
“Yeah, had a tough time getting through those oranges. The juice is a little chunky but…” Tony gave a helpless shrug.
“Well, I’m going to take a shower and try to pretend this never happened. I just want to make it clear I know this was a set up.”
“Well we can’t be sure without an x-ray but-”
“I mean, yeah, okay. So I fell down and I hurt my ankle a little bit-”
Steve paused for a moment before he inclined his head. “Alright, fair point. Your body, your choice. Did you call and make an appointment? What time do we need to be there for?”
Steve came in through the front door, sweat beading across his forehead, clinging sticky to his shirt on his back and chest. Every morning before the sun rose he went out for a run. There was something infinitely peaceful about running through the countryside, the coarse dirt road slapping beneath the relentless tred of his sneakers, the quiet stillness in the air heavy as the rest of the world slumbered on . He took a deep breath, still slightly winded from his 10 mile run, and made his way into the kitchen. Immediately his nose wrinkled as the smell of...burning? … filled the air. His eyes watered and he resisted the urge to sneeze as he rounded the corner and saw the slight figure of none other than Tony scurrying across the kitchen with a smoking pan in one hand. Steve watched in a sort of horrified fascination as Stark threw the pan into a sink full of water, yelping as it hissed and spit.
“Dr. Rothstein’s Office, how may I help you?”
he warmed up to Tony.
“I have
“Got it, thanks Bruce.”
Things had been going well, at least in his mind. With Potts at the helm of Stark Industries they had been able to steer the company away from weapons development and towards more humanitarian technologies.
“Bunch of ingrates.” Tony muttered. A moment later he was pelted with overcooked chicken from various pack members. Laughing, he ducked around the corner and back into the kitchen.
“Permission to go to my room, Alpha?” More like permission to get the fuck away from you and your lies?
“Shit, shit, shit,” Tony was cursing to himself, his back to Steve, waving his hand in the air before plunging it beneath a stream of what Steve assumed was cold water coming out of the tap.
He knew that the board approved list of potential mates were all willing to work with Stark Industries to hobble the wayward Tony. His Mate would have his vote on the board, Tony’s personal fortune (which was nothing to sneeze at) in his hands, and be able to either force Tony to create more weapons for Stark Industries, or stop him from creating anything at all.
“For someone who doesn't want to be under my thumb, Stark,” Rogers drawled lazily, stance rigid “you do seem to be a little desperate. Afraid one of the other Alpha’s are going to give you the comeuppance you so richly deserve?” Tony almost wilted at the thinly veiled resentment in the Captain’s tone. He wasn't getting through to him.
Bruce left the room. Tony sensed he didn't go too far. Like the others, they were probably waiting in the living room or the war room. Unease drifted up Tony’s spine. Were they giving Steve privacy? And why?
She smiled warmly. “I was wondering if you recognized me.”
“Well, fuck me.”
about opening up to them. Not all the-”
I'm sorry that it took so long for me to update. I'd like to say that I am going back to updating regularly but I'm not sure that's the case. I feel rusty, and I'm not a huge fan of the way this chapter came together. But I just couldn't SIT on it anymore. So sorry about the delay and probably future delay. :(
The control he had been clinging to so tightly for the past few days finally snapped. Tony’s elbows thudded down on the table as he leaned forward in challenge. “A hero?” a disinterested sort of scorn laced his voice. “Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.”
Rhodey came over and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, giving him one of his infamous bro hugs. Tony grunted and staggered beneath the weight of his oldest friend. “You know,” Rhodes slurred “I like what you’ve got here. These are good people for you, Tones. A little nosey but…” Rhodey shrugged. “Can’t really blame them. I think you should start
A stilted silence rippled through the room. He could hear Rogers’ heavy breathing, the thrumming of his own irate heart beating against his rib cage. The humiliation that twisted his guts and threatened to rob him of breath. After a minute of weighted silence had passed, Tony spoke.
“More or less? Okay definitely more than less on the one.”
Steve sighed, fingers tunneling through his short honeyed locks, before turning to regard Tony with those piercing blue eyes.
“My apologies Captain. Tony is an excellent cook… but one of you folks must have really pissed him off for him to make a dish like that.”
Tony didn't bother to correct him. Technically he was now Anthony Stark-Rogers, as stomach churning and nauseating as that sounded. Instead he turned into Pepper’s embrace.
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “That is exactly what I think.” Tony turned on his heel and stomped his way up the stairs, leaving a trail of dirt and feathers in his wake.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You have a forgiving nature sir.  Besides, it appears you are quite fond of Colonel Rhodes and if you do not assist him there is a very real danger of him being cooked alive.”
Lila giggled, her hands clapped to her mouth as she bounced from foot to foot in excitement. Cooper gave him a grin and a nod. “We’ll have to work fast. But it will be
Steven Rogers stopped and regarded him fully. Tony could feel his spine trying to melt beneath the stare, not that he would ever let it show. As he had all of his life when faced with the penetrating stare of an Alpha, Tony faked it until he made it. His chin lifted and he met Steve’s eyes boldly. It was hard to reconcile this man standing before him with the scrawny kid that he used to bully in high school.
Tony elbowed him sharply in the ribs. Just because it looked like Nat was passed out didn't actually mean that was the case.
“Bacons, uh, well. Bacon is soggy, if you want some. Not sure I’d really recommend it.” His free hand plunged into the soapy, water filled, sink and fished out a blackened piece of bacon.
“You let me put that In. My. Mouth.” Rhodey growled. Tony pushed off from the wall he had been leaning against.
Tony’s eyes narrowed and despite himself he could feel his temper flare up hot and sharp and choking in his chest.
Chuckling, Tony led his super tipsy friend upstairs to his room. He pushed James onto the bed, the colonel flopping backwards and spread eagle, groaning slightly before falling promptly asleep. James didn’t drink much and he absolutely did not stand a chance against Romanoff and Barton. Not to mention the two super soldiers that processed alcohol at an accelerated rate. He doubted either of them were tipsy let alone drunk despite the amount of moonshine that had been consumed.
Tony had ground his teeth together and asked for a tablet or laptop that did not have access to the internet. Something personal that he could just… use. For solitaire, e-reading, journaling or whatever.
reason he had agreed to Tony’s proposal.
He closed the door to his room, forehead pressed against the wood and took gulping breaths to try to calm his racing heart. He should have known this was going to be difficult. Nothing in his life had ever been easy, had it? These mind games Rogers was playing…
Steve exploded out of his chair, muscles taut, hands clenched into fists. Tony stood up too, as if ready to face the challenge of an enraged Alpha.
“You married Captain America.”
Tony looked off into the valley before him, squinting to see if he could spot another homestead nearby.  After close inspection there were at least two that he could see in the distance. Tony stopped midstride to take a fortifying breath.
“Stark-Rogers now, Tony.” Pep corrected halfheartedly, reaching up to brush a wayward lock of inky black hair off his forehead. “I hope you’re right.”
Rogers hesitated a moment, hand on the knob and shoulders stiff as if he was debating with himself. Tony shifted nervously behind him. He was really hoping that Rogers wasn't rethinking that whole attic situation. Tony had to remember that he was at this man’s mercy. And although from all accounts Rogers was a stand up Alpha and an all around good guy… well, their past was an ugly one. If the man wanted to throw him in a padded room in the basement and throw away the key he had the right to do so.
