Thor inspect the room around him, “I’m currently in Asgard using Heimdall and the Asgardian Widow society’s teachings of time to find you, we had to make sure you were alright after… I apologise nephew, you would not be in this situation if I had taken the weapon back to Asgard immediately. I hope one day you can forgive me for my mistakes.”
Steve let himself dream about the life he wasn’t going to get. Not anymore. He wonder if he and Tony stayed in that apartment, where did they raise Peter, Tony owned house all over the globe, maybe they stayed abroad. Guess he was retiring from Shield now, technically on the run from them. Maybe thats why Peter held the shield with such conviction? A relic to stay on the wall in his future home? Peter. His son. The spitting image of Tony and he wouldn’t have had it any other way, the kid who he’d held while he cried about missing his parents! What was it like raising Peter? Was he a good father, did they go to church on Sunday, did they even get along?
Peter and Steve had started making these trips out to the cabin when he was just six years old, after Peter was woken early in the morning to the frantic yells of his family rushing down the hall, Peter dropped off the edge of his bed, pushing the slightly opened door, and followed the commotion as it travelled down to the medical floor of the tower. Peter poked his head around the corner to find his Pop’s covered in blood, gasping frantically for air, his whole body lurching off the cold, industrial medical table as the lesions in his skin poured blood from ever slice in his Pop’s suit. His Uncle Clint found him, not quite sure how long Peter had been there, his pyjamas t-shirt soaked in tears, hiccupping as he grasped his uncle’s leg. When he’d tried to leave with Peter to his bed again, Peter screamed, one of the few times the child had ever had an emotion outburst. His Dad ran over pulling him from his Uncle’s arms, Peter fingers couldn’t find any true grip on his Dad’s Iron suit as he brought him over to his Pops.
Promise kept, he thought to himself, proud.
Steve froze for a seconded. Peter held his breath to see what would happen, but Steve let out a quite chuckle and unzipped his hoodie, lifted Tony’s head slightly and set the hoodie under him as a pillow. Peter was glad his Pops wasn’t screaming his head off, after their last phone call, Peter was convinced it was going to end in a screaming match. Steve stood and watched Tony sleep peacefully on top of his hoodie, Steve appreciated the moment just to check in on Tony, he hadn’t seen him since he’d left in May.
“Romanoff, there is nothing to find. Just… leave it, he’s just a kid. There’s nothing special about him, he would have said something by now.” Steve rolled slowly over his shoulder to effectively end the conversation. Crossing his arms and preparing to take a nap. Natasha scoffed, “Alright then, when I find out, I’ll let you know.” The silence sat for a minute or so, the sound of the ambulance making its way through traffic to the head office. Steve turned ever so slightly to speak over his shoulder. “Why do you even care?”
“Sooooooo I’m staying home today I can’t miss this, please! I’ve never seen any of these, I need blackmail on you two and the clothes! Oh please!” Before Peter’s ass had hit the couch cushions, Steve had made up his mind,  and as he began to wrap his good arm around his son and pull him closer, he turned to grin at Tony. Tony sighed, placing his hands on his hips looking towards the ground. Throwing his head back with a roll of his eyes he said, “Fuck it, alright then, BUT! Back tomorrow, no exceptions!”
“Not unless you tell me who it should be kid. Then no.” Tony said acrimoniously. Peter shook him head, he couldn’t say especially after the fight yesterday, he wouldn’t even believe him if he tried.
“Open your eyes son. Focus on one thing, your notebooks, a mark on the wall, anything but just one thing.” Peter looked into the corner of the ceiling, the Stark family crest in wood, painted cream to match, he could focus on that. Almost immediately he stopped hearing the downstairs portion of the house. He could just hear Jarvis across the hall, dropping some washing off in Tony’s room. “When you were bitten, I worried this would happen and for a while it seemed like we’d missed it, but your Dad said that if you came under stress this might happen. So, listen, Peter, repeat the steps and know that your Dad and I love you no matter what.”
“Mr Stark, your eleven o’clock appointment is waiting in the office for you.” Tony, nodded at the receptionist as he walked past the sleek wooden desk at Stark Industries. Ignoring the call to attend Shield HQ. He’d decided in the last couple of hours, he can’t fall into the trap of ‘helping’ Shield anytime they wanted, he had a million dollar company to run, he didn’t have time for the ‘greater good’ of the planet. He had weapons to design, so that they could protect the ‘greater good’.
Natasha turned on her shoulder and made her way through the cabin’s sitting room towards the kitchen, tapping out a message on her responder watch to Clint. She couldn’t wait to see Steve’s, well 91’ Steve’s reaction to himself, they weren’t opposites per-say but Steve Stark was something else, he carries himself with an air of confidence that her Steve could never have possessed, they way he leads Peter towards the cabin, the tight grip on his sons hand, shoulders back, head held high. Steve Stark even had a hint of cheekiness to him, the glint of joy and the ability to tease his son, something Steve Rogers hesitated at, he only shared those moments with Tony, but maybe Peter was the spark for him.
Peter stood up quickly and dusted himself off. He took a deep breath.
“Are you worried?” Clint watched as Steve’s face tightened all the muscles around his jaw. Clint turned his attention towards the main road again, it was quiet, six o’clock in the morning on a city by-pass, they’d passed by another driver every once in a while. The trees where now the main view out the window, the mountains would peak through in a break with a forest trail that faded off into the distance.
Tony’s digging his hand into Steve’s pants, under his underwear, and Steve can feel calluses on his dick. Wow, that’s… it’s intense. The scrape of Tony’s fingertips on the shaft of Steve’s cock feels like teeth and it’s way hotter than it has any right to be.
“Oh yeah! He must have been after your time. Here, let me grab
“Oh,” Steve says, breath catching in his throat. “I mean, you shouldn’t, or I’d walk into all your furniture and break it.”
“I mean, I love talking with you,” Steve admits, bemused.
But he can’t get carried away with fantasies right now. Tony’s whimpers may be hot, but he needs Steve’s help.
Steve tilts his head. “Yeah, a bit. Just wanted to talk to him, make sure he’s okay, you know?”
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony says, his voice soft.
They sit in silence, more companionable than Steve would have expected considering the earlier heat of their argument. Steve is a little worried that Tony will hold it against him, but Tony just looks appraisingly at Steve.
“I can’t be around when he looks at them,” Sharon says, hand going to her stomach, “and sees us. I… I can’t.”
Tony pulls away slowly, fluttering his eyes open, and looks at Steve carefully, cautiously. Steve’s breathing is heavier than it has any right to be after the serum. Tony is watching Steve intently and Steve knows he should reassure Tony, should say something, but the words are caught up in his head.
“And when you’re so bright, sometimes everything can look like shadows.”
“Steve?” Tony manages to say through parched lips. “Where are we?”
Close fitting slate-grey slacks hug the line of his legs, cup his ass closely, and demand to be looked at. The crisp white shirt, cuffs pre-rolled to the elbow, opens at his neck. The vest, easily his favorite part of the ensemble, is a lovely silver blue, embroidered with stars at the hems. He’s a little concerned at the price this must cost, but Janet waves a dismissive hand.
Tony is looking Steve right in the eyes and Steve can feel his breath catch in his throat, enraptured by the story and the way Tony’s lips are moving as he speaks.
He dismisses the first out of hand; she probably meant that he loves Tony like she does - as respect, as gratitude, as comradeship.
“Nope!” Mr. Stark’s smile is wider now, his eyes crinkling, and Steve feels his knees quake.
“Yeah, it was,” Steve scratches the back of his neck, embarrassed. “I just… no one really knew how to handle…”
Iron Man does the little raising of his arms, difficult with a book in his hands, that indicates a shrug. Steve feels immediately guilty. He should be able to confide in Iron Man, he trusts Iron Man implicitly. But this feels too tender, too vulnerable, even for his best friend.
This. This is so much more. This is Tony seeing him, seeing all of the ways that poverty has twisted and bent him, and putting an arm under his shoulder, helping Steve walk anyway.
They were all facts, as she was saying them, but only at the last one did Tony startle, his shoulders twisting against Steve’s stomach, looking up at him with wide eyes.
“Is that m- is that Mr. Stark?” His voice, even in spite of the modulation, is incredulous.
The Korean Barbecue is amazing, and Steve can thankfully avoid saying anything too embarrassing by stuffing his face. It’s spicy, sweet, sour, and nutty. There are so many little dishes of things, Steve feels like he’s eating a feast.
“You’ll be a good dad, Tony,” Sharon says sadly. “I’ll have a friend leave them with you. I don’t care if you let him meet them, just…” She turns away again.
Tony looks at his hands. A mistake; he remembers when the Hydra Supreme made him touch her, and it’s worse than seeing the couches.
“Well, you just did, so I’d say mission success. I’d laugh until my jaw fell off if it made you happy.”
Arnie’s protection is a gift that makes Steve feel a determined hope, that maybe he’s not alone in this. His mother’s kindness is a gift that frightens him with how much he wants it.
“If anyone can do it, it’s you,” Steve says, surprised by the sincerity in his voice.
. No kindness could save him the pain of its loss.
Tony sighs deeply. “I’m not sure that I can explain to you the way the scale of war has changed, Cap. We’re not talking about soldiers with guns killing a civilian on accident. We’re talking about unmanned drones blowing up schools and hospitals because the military thinks a high value target is inside. We’re talking about landmines left in place for decades waiting to blow up whatever hapless child steps over them. It’s not trenches in fields anymore, it’s fighting in the midst of people’s lives.”
Tony makes a shocked little noise, and Steve can’t open his eyes to see Tony’s face even if he wanted to. His whole body jerks, shakes, and hitches to the rhythm of his orgasm.
Even - especially - the ones we treasure most.
He’s not sure he can place the scents - his nose is usually quite good - but he thinks it must be sandalwood with hints of citrus. There is a woody, earthy undertone to it. It’s heady and delicious and not helping Steve concentrate at all.
“Need you - need you - pull down my pants,” Tony grits out, raising his hips to let Steve pull Tony’s pants down his thighs, revealing the curve of his ass, inch by inch. Steve doesn’t have time to process that Tony isn’t wearing any underwear before he can see the barest peek of some kind of color between Tony’s cheeks.
Now he can be around her without looking, without watching, and it feels like relief. Like stretching his legs after sitting down for a long time.
“I thought, I mean, when I saw it, I thought maybe you’d like to - to try it out. I was hoping to surprise you,” Tony admits sheepishly, “but I forgot how…
But Steve’s mind snaps out of that warm place his brain has taken him to. He needs to get it together.
“How about you?” Steve hears himself asking, only aware after he says it that he is genuinely curious. “How are you doing?”
“Um, sorry, I interrupted you. What did you want to ask me?”
He tries to ask where he is. He tries to ask what’s happened - the last thing he remembers is the fight with Carol. But the only thing that comes out of his mouth is a rasping whisper even he can’t parse.
After the pause in their conversation from the food arriving, Steve takes the opportunity to clear the air. “I know we, uh, disagreed a bit when we last had lunch.”
Tony’s mouth settled on a wide O. “Oh. That’s. I need us to stop talking about this right now or I am going to tear off the groin plate with my hands and find out just how experienced you are.”
Tony’s face twisted with something Steve couldn’t identify. Grief? Disgust? He wouldn’t blame Tony if that was what he felt.
This time she does speak, though. “It wasn’t your fault.”
But Steve loves Tony so much it fills his chest and limbs and makes them feel like they could burst, or float, or maybe something of both. He is so afraid of losing the one thing in the future that feels right, the one thing that has made him think, “maybe surviving the war wasn’t a mistake.”
The Steve who doesn’t touch
The facility they’re in isn’t as dark, isn’t as cold, isn’t as cramped as the caves, but it feels like a prison all the same. The thing, whatever it is, has tried to add personal touches. A picture of Tony and Steve. A picture of Steve and Sharon. A picture of all three of them that it took, where Sharon and Tony both look into the camera with smiles on their faces and dead eyes, like they’ve been taxidermied.
“Sure, we can go outside if you want,” Steve says, completely lost and more than a little flustered. “I think our jackets are -“
December 1991.
Natasha rubbed her hands up and down her face, trying to clear her mind, there was a dead man in front of her, apparently. Damn she hated liars, especially Shield Directors. “Steve thinks you’re dead Tony.” Tony stopped typing. “Where do you think we’ve been the last two months?” Tony reached over the side of his chair, placing his thumb print on the handle of the drawer, it made a computerized beep before opening the lowest drawer. Pulling out two notebooks and some very classified looking files, which even Natasha knows that Tony shouldn’t have.Tony opened the classified file, spreading its contents out on to Howard’s desk. “Here,” he said pointing to a document near the edge of his desk. “you checked in with Shield, Austrian branch.” Natasha shook her head. “We’ve been in Russia and Canada for the last three weeks. These have been falsified.” She sat forward in her chair, “Tony, someone knows you’ve been looking at these.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter hit the floor with a thud on to his back. Quickly aware of surrounding Peter reached is hands out to lift himself off the ground, but he collided with another head. Peter lay back down In agony, clutching his forehead.
Steve shook his head, thinking good old Rhodey, “He’s actually useless when he has a crush on a woman.” Tony held the door open and turned on the lights. Steve jumped in the room first, Peter poked his head around the door frame to watch, “DUM_EE I’m back!” The squeal was deafening! DUM_EE drove directly him to Steve who in return laughed as the robot attempted to claw at Steve’s face. “DUM_EE you’ve gotten better at driving! You’ve out done yourself this time Tony.”
Tony turned pushed himself off the wall and moved to stand next to Peter. “He’s a real dick, isn’t he?” Peter snorted out a laughter. Tony followed with his own. “So, my software is running data on this whole situation it may take some time.” Peter stood up and turned to Tony, “I need something to do like a course or a job! I need to keep busy.”
manager’s cheap suit and tie. “My boss is getting… agitated that Mister Stark keeps threatening to buy the club from him. I’d be forever grateful is Mister Stark could leave, just to clear his head!” Poor guy, never dealt with Tony before. Rhodey smiled and nodded, Tony was likely joking about purchasing the club but these days Rhodey just didn’t know if he was nowadays.
He’d been booking it towards Peter, his older self also showing the signs of exhaustion and clear stress for Tony’s son, It give him mild peace that he was still with Tony in some capacity in the future, Peter’s parents were geniuses obviously, Tony and other man had been working overtime to get their son back. The only question now was… could they?
Peter was caught off guard by Thor’s sudden disappearance. He waved his hand through the space that Thor had occupied, hmm, Peter thought to himself, odd but maybe something happened on his end, just cause he’s gone doesn’t mean the villains stop attacking. He picked himself up off the floor. He threw the rubbish in the bin and began to make his way to Tony’s class.
Peter saw his Pop’s shoulder slump down as the doors to Peggy’s office shut. “Peter, it is nice to finally meet you considering you’ve been in this decade for 3 days already.” Peggy made a move to sit leaning against her desk, hands holding onto the desk either side.
Tony whipped his head around to the windows, standing up quickly to grab one side of the long ceiling to floor emerald curtains. Walking the drapes along the full length of the window, the room became a shadow of itself in the darkness. Tony mumbled under his breath, walking over to the drinks cabinet, grabbing a crystal glass and pour a generous amount of whisky into it. Roughly placing the bottle back into the cabinet’s glass shelf, he used his other hand to bring the glass up to his dry lips. Natasha looked on, confused, but not showing it to Tony. “Shield’s been calling me every other damn day, they had Coulson and his group take up shop on the edge of the grounds. Been there for weeks, spying on me.” Natasha, stood up and walked past Tony to the cabinet, grabbing a bottle of vodka, she inspected the label before pouring herself a glass.  “You know,” She took a swig of her glass, “Its rude to not offer your guests a drink.” Tony gave a quick breath of a laugh behind his closed mouth. “You are not staying. I’ve got a company to run and a thesis to finish.”
Peter couldn’t take it for much longer, he used his hands to cover his ears to give himself a small break from the noise, but it wasn’t doing much good for him. He tried once more to lift Tony from the bench, begging him to move as best he could above the noise. Peter had wished for his dads in this situation. He kind of got it.
December 11pm
Peter used his hand to cover up his laugh, moving to stand with Natasha and Clint. “Peter, I’m sorry but your Dad, is damn fine!” Clint stood staring lovingly at his Pops, letting out a snort. His Pops turned to look at them and back to Steve, who stammered as he asked, “You’re Peter’s Dad.”
Steve could hear Clint’s whistling from down the hallway. Skidding round the corner Steve pressed his ear agains the metal door, “Alright, Alright, how about bout a riddle? No? Ok what about a joke?” Steve rolled his eyes and took two steps back from the door. He whistles loud and clear. “Any time you like Captain!” Steve raised the shield up and ran, he shoulder barged the door open again. It flew into the Shield guard, throwing him across the space, the man hit his head off the top of the metal table. Clint whipped his head back round to Steve. “Thank god you showed up when you did, I was running out of jokes!” Steve marched forward, pulling the chains off of Clint’s arms and legs.
Peter was already asleep when Tony left his room to grab a glass of water, when he spotted the glow of blue seeping out from under Peter’s room door. Tony let his curiosity get the better of him. He slowly opened the door to peer around the corner, he heard Peter’s gentle breathing indicating he was asleep so Tony opened the door a little more. His eyes widened in wonder as he took in the sight of the holographic displace, far more advanced than he could have imagined it would be. The quality was better than an display monitor he had ever owned. Tony finally took in the photo being projected on to the far wall, spotting Peter quickly, Tony let in a quiet gasp as he saw his future self. His hair was cut in a short spiked style rather than the large waves of hair on top of his head at the moment and the styled goatee he was sporting, he’d never really considered facial hair until this moment but it really did suit him, if he could grow facial hair, he might give it a shot. He took in the appearance of the suit he was wearing, arms wrapped around Peter’s side. Tony only recognized Rhodey and Steve from the photo, who was sat on Peter’s other side, a gentle smile towards the camera, one arm in his lap the other behind the couch towards Peter and Tony. Tony stared at the faces of the many strangers in the photo, he assumed it was the members of Peter’s large extended family, they all looked genuinely happy to be there. Well at least he would repair some sort of friendship with Steve if he trusted him to spend time with his son. Peter rolled over to face towards the door and Tony took that his time to leave shutting the door gently behind him, Tony thought about what he had seen as he stood in the hall of his small apartment. It was amazing to see himself, that he lived that long and that he had a real family … that cared for him and his … son. Man, a kid, he’s going to make the most of this time with his son now, this was going to be epic if he didn’t magically transport home tonight. If Tony had stuck around a bit longer he might have noticed his silver wedding ring, with the two stripes and a small diamond, one red and one blue. He would have noticed that Steve was wearing the same ring on his hand. But Tony didn’t stay long enough to notice.
Barton used his knife to slowly pull out the last bullet fragment. It dropped down onto the floor next to him. Making a soft clunk noise as it hit the floor. Steve's eyes rolled into the back of his head when he saw the MedEVAC team burst through the door with a crash kit. He closed his eyes just to he didn’t need to deal with the paramedics, he used one of their shoulders to help him get up and limp out towards the Shield ambulance. The walk down the stairs quickly becoming a hop down on one leg.
This is stupid, these feelings. Tony is so, so much, and Steve is barely anything at all. This is a futile attempt at grasping for something he doesn’t deserve. Tony would burn him up if he tried to get too close. Better to be happy with the longing, not daring to think this could be something more.
“Is that all it takes?” He asks without thinking.
“It’s not your fault,” Steve said, disassembling the armor pieces around Tony’s bicep, trying to get a better look at the cut. “You can’t control my happiness, that’s something on me, not you.”
“I was afraid, so I hurt him.” He says it matter of factly, as if he didn’t feel crippled with guilt for what he’d done. “I’ve never been much good at trusting people, even when I should have trusted Tony.
“Are you - are you okay, Steve?”
“Do you,” he begins, but he can’t finish the question. He’s not sure he wants to know whose it is.
Steve nods and Tony shrugs. “Suit yourself, I guess, not like we can really stop you,” Tony says, casually.
It’s not that whatever the thing in Steve’s skin is is forcing him to make weapons.
“I have another thing, but it’s more of a gift for me than a gift for you. Come with me?” Tony asks, but it’s an invitation and not a question.
Tony startles, then makes a forced little laugh. “Sure, Steve. What, uh, what do you -“
Tony is quite the kisser. His tongue is slow, gently probing, squirming in Steve’s mouth but not pushing. It feels nice. He thinks idly to himself that he’d like to do this with Tony for a long, long time.
Tony is reliving a hell he has tried so hard to avoid.
Steve couldn’t bring his gaze from the bandage on Tony’s arm, couldn’t move his neck to look up, couldn’t move a single muscle in his body.
Tony stiffens slightly at the movement, but when Steve leans back, he’s smiling.
It’s vibrating to his touch, and Steve suddenly realizes exactly how this situation must have arisen. He can see Tony putting on his fancy duds in his mind, easing the vibrator against his hole, before putting it in and filling himself up. Was this - was this for Steve? Because of the drawing?
“I’ll never leave you. Never. And I would marry you, if it were legal and if it weren’t too fast for your poor romantic heart. But,” Tony swallows, “I can make it so that you will always have a home, and you will always be taken care of. That no one will be able to take this away from you, even if they take me away from you.”
Steve has to be tactful here; if he out and out says he thinks Tony’s been softballing him, then Tony might get defensive. “It’s okay if you did think that - I know the, uh, mantle of Captain America has outsized weight for some people.” He tries to keep his voice as neutral and judgment free as possible. “I just - when it’s you and me, I don’t want you to, to get all caught up on that. I’m just Steve Rogers right now, talking to my friend Tony, you know?”
“Mmm, hey gorgeous,” Tony says, looking hungrily at Steve through heavily lidded eyes. He’s wearing the kind of suit Steve drew him in - sleek black wool, almost silky smooth to Steve’s eyes, peak lapels reminiscent of the formal tailcoats Steve saw in the pictures back in the day, and closely tailored to Tony’s shoulders.
If Jen and Robbie noticed their hands clasped together when they walked back to the New York portal to Avengers Mountain, they didn’t say anything. Steve looked up at Tony and smiled. Tony smiled back at Steve, and he felt like the sun had washed over him as they stepped through.
Sometimes it’s through his whole body, starting from his belly and rolling up through his shoulders and his face and ringing out clear. Those are Steve’s favorite laughs. Each one feels like a triumph.
“I need… I need to make things right with Tony. I don’t know if he - I don’t think he understands that. I don’t know how to make him understand. I tried, but none of the words came out right.”
The only thing harder than learning the lessons is trying to explain them to others.
But there is a certainty that comes from evictions and starvation hounding your steps; a constant, shrieking hypervigilance; and the terrible knowledge of history. Seeing what happens to those you love, to your friends, to your community; it teaches you these lessons indelibly.
“And I wanted to take you somewhere nice. I have the money, and I wanted to show you what fine dining can be like in the future. It was an educational opportunity.”
He might allow himself to believe “Tony can take care of me,” or “Tony loves me,” or “Tony will never leave me.”
“Oh! Oh, yes, okay, I remember that.” Iron Man moves to sit, and Steve mirrors him.
When he goes to the kitchen, after his morning jog, it is with intense trepidation that he sees Tony there, waiting for him.
It’s possible to shrug off the words, because you can convince yourself, “I’m different,” or “that’s bullshit,” or “I can’t, even if I wanted to.”
He starts with the vibrator - he looked up what they looked like the night that Tony told his story - and Tony’s hand, then the tight ring of muscle of Tony’s asshole, then his cheeks and the cuff of Tony’s fancy suit. By the time evening has come and he needs to stop for dinner, Steve has even managed to capture what he imagines Tony’s face must look like: eyes clenched with pleasure, mouth hung slack, hair fallen haphazardly over his forehead.
“I hate when you talk to me like that, because I don’t deserve it,” Tony said instantly, face still in his hands, whole body clenched tight in on itself like a fist ready to strike.
The Universe coughs politely, and Tony looks like he’s going to mouth off to her, or maybe flip her off, but she’s smiling at them.
“What kind of food do you want?” They’re walking out the front door of the mansion, down to the 5th Avenue gate where Mr. St - where
Tony sighs. “You got me. Just boring meetings, trying to convince our board of directors to move away from army contracts.”
It’s the same desperate need to prepare that made him fill his pockets with bits of rations, making Namor and Toro, who had never learned the lessons, tease him endlessly. Bucky, he thought, might have known. Might have understood. But he didn’t press Steve and for that he would be eternally grateful.
Tony pulls back Steve’s foreskin and then holds his hand there, no longer pumping. Steve’s hips pitch involuntarily, trying to pull away so he can keep going, keep feeling that intense pleasure. Tony’s other hand holds his ass in place.
“Sharon,” Steve says fondly, and Tony nearly jerks. That voice could be Sharon’s, but Sharon has
“Just need you to, uh, turn me over, and -“
Sharon touches Tony’s shoulder with a finger and his world snaps back into focus. He’s slid off the couch. His cheeks are wet. His mouth is dry. Sharon is sitting in front of him, not looking at him.
grateful Iron Man is never there to call him on it. It’s a softer grin, just one corner of his mouth pulled back, and he’s looking at Steve intently. No guile on his face, just interest.
Tony immediately grinds his hips into the couch and groans. Steve thinks he might come in his pants if he so much as breathes too suddenly, his whole body shot through with arousal at the sight of Tony so thoroughly taken apart.
Tony’s hands have wandered to Steve’s chest, down to his stomach, down to his - oh. He holds Tony’s face away from his own with his hands and stutters, “I - uh - oh god, Tony. It’s okay, you don’t have to -”
The food is familiar, though not in a bad way. Steve has never preferred French cooking to other food, but the establishment Tony took them to is clearly
“Shut up, Cap. I want to.” Tony is grinning, his hand palming Steve’s dick, and Steve can’t help himself from gasping. He is already hard, of course, but Tony’s hand on his groin makes his ass clench, his stomach muscles twitch, and his whole body curl around Tony’s.
Tony laughs, laughs with his full body, when he sees Steve tear through the meal he ordered for them. “You must be pretty hungry, huh?”
“Oh.” Tony’s eyes are wide, his voice barely a whisper, and he licks his lips unthinkingly. Steve darts his gaze down to catch the movement, the line of Tony’s tongue across his bottom lip, and opens his mouth. He doesn’t know what to say, if he even should say anything, so he lets out a small breath instead.
“When you’re as bright as Tony is, sometimes it can be hard to see what is happening right next to you.” His fingers stroke over Tony’s hands, not sure who he’s trying to comfort: Tony or himself
It’s quickly covered by a warm grin, of course.
“He…” she starts to say, before falling silent. “He wanted to try… the three of us.”
Steve ruffles a hand through Tony’s hair. “Don’t worry. You need to get your strength back, then I can explain.”
“I can… I can explain to him…” Iron Man says, still sounding as if he is speaking to Steve from Jupiter.
Iron Man spreads his hands, tilting his head slightly. Steve is sure he must be smiling behind the mask. “Of course. Lead the way, winghead.”
“Tony,” Steve said, voice full of fond exasperation. “I’ve given blow jobs before, I know what I’m doing.”
Iron Man nods slowly, encouragingly, but remains silent.
And then all at once he rubberbands back into his own skin, back here with Tony in his arms, with Tony whispering kind words in his ears, desperately chanting gratitudes into Tony’s neck.
They maintain an easy patter from there, talking idly about each other. It feels… Steve wants to say comfortable, but the truth is that it feels
“And he’d be wrong. I know him better than he knows himself. Better than you know him.”
“I think he might just be fucking with me,” Steve admits. The thought of Tony Stark genuinely desiring him is all but incomprehensible. It just doesn’t add up.
Steve has come to see the mercies, the gifts, like portents of doom. If he accepts them, even one, he is opening himself up to a hope that can never be true.
“Tell me. Tell if something happy and beautiful, Steven Rogers. Help me remember.” Her voice is barely a whisper. “Please.”
Steve’s eyes widen, widen further than he knew they could. That’s - this is - he’s -
Steve’s never seen Mr. Stark look anything but well groomed and elegant. Watching him put his hands through his hair, seeing the patches of warm skin peeking through burned holes in the arms of his shirt, it shouldn’t be attractive. There is no reason for it to be attractive.
He thinks about the look Tony gave him in the restaurant, when he saw Steve looking full. That pleased contentment. The joy in his eyes. He starts sketching insistently, because he knows that if he lets himself drift in his thoughts of Tony, he may never land back on the ground.
Steve is out of town - he and Sharon are currently living in DC - the night that Tony knocks on her door.
“Have you ever had something taken away from you?” Steve asks, not sure where the words are coming from.
Tony steps out of the elevator and strides over to Steve, grinning. “Jan said she was getting you some duds, but it looks like she really hit it out of the park!” Tony says, throwing an arm around Steve’s shoulders and steering them outside.
location.” Tony waggles his eyebrows at Steve and laughs with Jan and Ant-Man.
“I fought in a war myself, you know. I’m sure American soldiers must have done terrible things with the guns we were given, and I never used them myself, but that doesn’t mean that General Motors was evil for making guns for us.” Steve is trying and failing to keep his tone even. “But what would a simple soldier like me know?”
“Yes. Yes, I have.” His voice is faraway, even through the modulator. Steve wonders what, or who, he lost to sound like this.
“Well, that’s -“ Iron Man begins to say, but Steve cuts him off.
Tony doesn’t remember Sharon being pregnant, but he knows she isn’t lying. He knows she’s looking at Tony as she says it because she’s really saying it to their Steve, to the Steve who isn’t here, the Steve who doesn’t make them touch him.
But he doesn’t understand her face, her body, or her thoughts. So he keeps speaking.
He can hear footsteps now. The conversation is getting closer, close enough that Tony can make out words.
“I want… I want you to. To have them. To take care of them.”
Steve did his best to smile, though he knew it probably fell a little flat. “That means the world to me, Tony. You know I want you to be happy too, right?”
Tony nods, unsure what else to do.
Tony laughs weakly. “You’re good - great - god you look so hot right now, holy shit Steve, I just - kind got stuck,” he pants.
“If I didn’t go out with you.” Tony repeats back.
“I don’t know what will happen to us when this is over, but I know one thing: Tony’s never gonna stop trying to make everything better - even just a fraction - than it was before. And I’m never gonna stop loving him.”
He shakes his head, trying to focus on the book in his hands. Iron Man is next to him, reading his own book, but he takes notice of Steve’s movement.
He didn’t tell Bucky or Toro, but his favorite movie he saw during the war was Arsenic and Old Lace. The younger Invaders thought it was weird and gross, but Steve felt an affinity for the bizarre and dark humor. He thought that if he had seen it while he was younger, and sicker, he might have wanted to be a writer like Mortimer.
“I was afraid that my feelings would get in the way, or hurt you, or lead to more fights where I said all of the wrong things and made you feel less than you were. Are. I… I didn’t - I
“How are you going to keep this from Steve?” he asks her, voice low and gentle.
Tony starts to drop down, kissing down Steve’s collarbones and chest, and Steve feels a lurch in the pit of his stomach. “Really Tony,” he says, “it’s okay. You don’t have to…”
After a week of furious masturbation after every group dinner, Steve has decided he needs to do something about this. He decides to ask for advice.
He imagines she reacts similarly, but he doesn’t know. He can’t know. Sharon is strong, immeasurably stronger than Tony that she can be around Steve at all. Somehow not knowing is easier than knowing. It’s not like when they were in the facility together, where he had to be aware of her at all times, in case she had a warning for him, in case she was going to hurt herself and leave Tony alone with the Hydra Supreme.
When Tony leaves, it’s with a phone number and a promise to call.
The Universe opens her mouth and closes it again. It is perhaps the most human thing he’s seen her do tonight. He wonders if Tamara is fighting to get through, fighting to say something. Or is the Universe just that lost for words?
But there’s something in the gentleness when she lays her hand on his hand, the way her gaze softens when it must see how those words twist in Tony’s gut, that makes him stop. There must be some other meaning there.
“He didn’t have to be persuasive. I would have done anything you’d asked of me, anything at all, if it made you happy. The only thing I want is to make you happy and I can only ever fuck that up. I’m so sorry,” Tony said, his voice breaking and cracking into sobs. Steve wasn’t sure if he was sorry for not helping enough or sorry for saying all of this. Maybe both.
Tony hasn’t seen Sharon since they were freed from Hydra Supreme. It's not just that she’s been around Steve, the real one, who Tony can’t bear to face.
There was something knowing in her eyes, something like recognition. Tony isn’t sure if she stopped him so that she wouldn’t be alone, or for some other reason, but he doesn’t begrudge it of her. She’s suffering just as bad as he.
“Uh - yes, very much so,” Steve says, certain his face is burning with embarrassment.
“You okay, Cap?”
“Hey, Iron Man! It’s good to see you. I just wanted to talk about the subject we touched on when we last spoke.”
“Uh huh. Wish I’d gotten to see yours, though,” Steve says, eyeing the bulge in Tony’s dress pants.
Iron Man shakes his head and lets out a breathy laugh. “Don’t worry, Cap, that definitely won’t be an issue.”
“I need…” Sharon looks away. She hides her face from him.
“I… the reason why - well, one of the reasons why that other-me is so frustrating is that I could see him use you, manipulate you, and all I could think was,
Steve swallows again. “I don’t mean to, uh, to… I don’t want to take any more of your time than… I mean I’m sure you’re busy right now…”
“I wish I could. I know it’s fucked up to want that, because you’re your own man, I hate,” Tony gasped deeply, like he was drowning, “I
“I… this might be too personal, I don’t want to put you on the spot - I mean, the man is your boss -“
“If we go out again?”
Steve pulled gratefully on the hand Tony gave him, thinking about the feel of Tony’s skin on his. How long was it since they last touched like this, easy and carefree?
Tears fall from her face, droplets of dark matter and interstellar gas, and supernova on the floor of the diner.
Steve’s been there before.
Iron Man doesn’t say anything, which Steve takes as assent to drop the topic. He’s a little hurt that Iron Man would react like this to Steve crushing on Tony. It’s not illegal, or anything, and it’s completely harmless for Steve to pine.
“He made me want to live. He made me think that living might be worth it, when death was so inviting.”
He could put up with only giving head if it meant he didn’t have to hurt.
“I already told you I want to,” Tony says, looking up from Steve’s abs and grinning. “I want to hear you moan. Want to hear you beg for it when I make you feel so good. Want you to know it’s me around you.”
Tony can’t help how his body shrinks up on itself at the words. “Wasn’t yours either,” he whispers, not looking at her or the couches, eyes carefully affixed to the floor.
“You know, go get lunch. I want to know more about you, see how you’re holding up. Iron Man said that you were adjusting well, but I mean, I want to see for myself. Plus maybe I can answer some questions you have about the future.”
“I’m a coward sometimes, especially about you. I don’t want you to get hurt, but more than that I don’t want to jeopardize everything we had, even if I should have, to keep you safe. I’m sorry that I failed you, Tony, you deserve a better man than me.”
They sit across from each other on couches that Steve no doubt bought. They have a similar look to the ones in Hydra Supreme’s facility. Tony’s stomach flips in fear when he sees them, when he remembers all the things Hydra Supreme did to him and Sharon on couches just like these.
“I eat them,” Steve said, trying not to sound too defensive. “Sometimes I’ll eat some in between meals. Or after a workout.”
Jan grabs Ant-Man by the arm and drags him up from his seat. Steve is endlessly grateful for her ability to read the room, especially when Ant-Man is so inept at it. “We’ll go set up a movie, take your time,” she says, a little rushed, and Steve nods at her. He doesn’t move his eyes off of Tony, though.
“I’ve been talking to Iron Man,” he says to Steve, stopping him in the hall. He’s wearing a slate grey three piece suit with a red tie, his hands in the pockets of his slacks, pulling his jacket back, and Steve swallows. The image of his hands pushing Mr. Stark’s jacket back, following the curve of his vest and pulling him close to Steve comes unbidden in his mind, and he has to clamp down on his own desire.
“I would do anything for you.”
But it has kidnapped him, and every moment it makes him pretend to love it, to tell it what it means to him, to kiss it and fuck it and -
“Really though,” Tony continues. “No head? Ever? Surely that was all the rage in the army.”
“Oh, I know so. You could have any man or woman you wanted in this town, lookin’ like that.”
- deserve forgiveness for what I said, so I decided to atone by staying away from you.
“Please, Steve,” she says placatingly, almost servile, “you’re endangering him. He needs more time in the pod -“
“I know, I know, it’s ridiculous. He’s obviously - you know - he’d never think of me like that. Can’t help it, though. Like you said, uh, when we were watching that film. Hot brunettes?” Steve smiles a little sheepishly.
, is that what you were going to say? I’ve gotta say, Cap, this is the first time I’ve been broken up with over a motorcycle.” Tony is laughing and joking but Steve knows where to look now, has carefully learned - with his own hands - what fear looks like when it is draped on Tony’s body.
Money might not buy happiness, but it can buy the stability necessary for joy to grow.
“That’s not true Tony, but it’s okay if you don’t believe me. I’m going to take care of you now though, okay? You’ve got a cut on your arm and I want to make sure it isn’t serious.” They should really get the Wakandan medics for this, but Steve knew that would be even worse for Tony right now, no matter what he said.
Iron Man makes a sound in his mask, something between a cough and a whimper. “What?” His voice is almost a falsetto of his normal register.
There is a long pause before she speaks again. “It was an honor knowing you, Steven Rogers. Please take care, in our final days.”
On the other hand, it would really have been nice for people to stop trying to reciprocate, or look at him with pity just because they didn’t get to touch him.
“You don’t have to make it sound so horrible,” Steve bites back, a bit defensively. “I know nothing’s going to come of it, it’s just a mild crush. Nothing I’ve never dealt with before. I won’t bring it up again if it makes you that uncomfortable.”
Jan doesn’t seem surprised to see him when he knocks on her door in the mansion. “You okay, Cap?” She asks. He can’t meet her gaze, just looking down at his clasped hands.
Tony’s brow furrows. “I didn’t think you did,” he says slowly.
“You’re not the only one who needs this,” Tony says, his finger still on her shoulder. “Take care. For them. I’ll tell them all about you.”
When he’s back in that headspace, overfull and light and full of warmth, where his mouth opens and he speaks without thinking, Tony asks him questions again.
Iron Man nods, pauses for a long moment in the doorway and then disappears.
Teeth, he could deal with. But the feeling of the roof of some dogface’s mouth on his exposed cockhead made him wince. It wasn’t just that he could feel every ridge on his glans. It felt like his dick was on fire. Like the private was taking sandpaper to it. The fact that the man kept gliding his mouth over Steve’s dick in what could only be described as a frenzy didn’t help. He pulled him up from his knees by the arm and sank down gratefully.
There is a heavy pause. Steve wonders if Iron Man is being thoughtful or suspicious.
Tony nods. No child deserves to have that hanging over their head.
Iron Man turns back to the movie and Steve sighs quietly.
Iron Man turns to look at him as he rises out of the chair, the swift flick of his chin and the tilt of his head indicating a question.
Some indeterminate time later, Iron Man stands up from his seat, jerking Steve out of his concentrated scribbling.
“You love him.” She says after a moment.
that’s happened - but he can’t help the little bit of him that hates Steve for asking that, for even thinking it. The little bit of Tony that imagines Steve being jealous of the Hydra Supreme can’t stop from hating Steve for it.
“Can I… can I talk to you about something?” Steve asks, afraid for a reason he can’t quite place.
That was how he found out that blowjobs could be painful.
He has to wait until everyone else is done with their food, gets up, and wishes him good night before he can stand and shuffle awkwardly to his room, desperate to deal with his aching cock.
Still. He needs to know.
“I can’t know what will happen when either of us die. But I can know what has happened while we lived. And there was joy and beauty here, in our lives. In your life.”
“I value your opinion, even when it’s different from mine, is all I’m trying to say. I like it when you push back, make me think through what I’m talking about, you know?”
“Can I -“ Tony begins to ask.
The Universe has put away all pretense of hiding what she feels and drops her face into her hands. Steve continues anyway.
Steve loves the mansion. Not because it’s fine, though it is, and not because it’s large, though it is that too, but because Tony is there. Iron Man is there. He sees it - them, really, as the stability he needs for joy to grow.
“Come. You should the stars here, and the view is not so inconsequential a thing either.” Tony stood, offering Steve his arm.
“I just moved here. Doesn’t feel like much of anything but noise and traffic, to me,” Steve admitted with a shrug.
Tony nodded, before coming forward again to wrap his arms around Steve, spinning them together once and then holding him close. “So you see… patronage is not something you need to worry yourself with any longer. If you’d like.”
Steve closed his mouth after a moment, realizing he had been gaping like a fish. “
“Where’s home?” Tony asked, leading them toward the plush, upholstered bench that stood against one wall.
For once, Tony looked slightly unsure of himself. Steve grinned, and leaned forward to press a soft kiss to his lips. “Oh, I think I would like that very much. On one condition.”
to act on it. He had never done anything with anyone, not so much as a handhold or a chaste kiss. He certainly didn’t know how to assess if Tony was having the same feelings as him, if Tony also wanted things that society said he shouldn’t have.
“Where are you from?” Steve asked, instead of the question he most wanted an answer to. Perhaps a change of subject was in order, to move his own thoughts in a different direction.
“Then it is a deal.”
Steve frowned. “No, it doesn’t. That’s why I’m here tonight, actually. I’m looking for a patron. I’m an artist.” He puffed out his chest a little as he said so, still self-conscious about actually identifying as an artist, especially since he didn’t consider himself to have made any real
Steve felt his cheeks heat with a blush, something warm twisting in his gut.
Steve scrubbed a hand at the back of his neck, before pulling it away and reminding himself to sit properly. “I am sure I’d love to show you.” His voice came out lower than he had expected, and he felt his cheeks warm with the unintentionally suggestive nature.
Tony’s eyes darkened as he gave Steve a long, studying gaze. “What did you think of the dancers in there?”
Towering cathedrals, buildings as long as the whole block, and facades that were decorated with statues and glittering windows. It was inspirational in a way that the rolling hills of Wales had never been.
Tony quirked a smile at him, eyes sparkling like he was in on some private joke. “Oh, don’t worry. You’ve found that, too.”
Steve had spent his whole first day in the city simply wandering around in awe, taking in the colorfully dressed people, the busy shop windows, and the crowded streets filled with bustling carriages.
Tony waited a moment to catch the beat of the rhythm, and then began gently leading Steve across the floor. The steps were simple, and Steve had a feeling Tony was simplifying them even further for him. But he was able to keep up without too much tripping over his feet.
“And that’s what this is all about, isn’t it? It’s for charity, ostensibly, but it’s really just a chance for people to rub shoulders with the people they spend all their time being envious of.”
“What do you do?” he asked quickly, although he softened the abruptness of the change of subject with a smile. “When you are not avoiding dancing, that is.”
Steve was grateful for the glass, as it gave him something to hold onto. He might be out of his element, but he was determined to forge ahead anyway. The unknown had never scared him before.
Steve decidedly did not think about all the ways his heart felt stolen in this moment. To give his mouth something to do other than lean forward and kiss Tony, he turned to his little plate of hors d’oeuvre. The miniature tart he popped in his mouth exploded with sweetness on his tongue, and he couldn’t help but make a soft noise of pleasure.
“Little town no one’s ever heard of, Tintern. We had a farm near there. Nothing big or fancy, but it was ours.” A wistful smile came over his face as he thought of all the happy days he had spent there. It was hard work, but it had been meaningful, too. His mum had filled everything she did with love.
. Patronage had long been the way of the arts, and Steve could do nothing without it. He would be forced to move back to Wales and tend sheep.
“I love how you look at me,” Tony murmured. He gave his head a little shake, as if clearing something away. He pulled his arm away from Steve’s, and for a moment Steve felt bereft.
“What happened?” Tony asked in a softer voice, and Steve was surprised by the depth of sincerity.
“In any and every position that you want,” Tony replied with a grin so dirty it made heat flood Steve’s cheeks.
Steve didn’t know if he quite agreed with that. Was that what he was doing here, with an invitation bought for him by a friend? It felt different, at least to him, that he was seeking a
“And are you? On an adventure?” Tony was smiling at him, the corners of his eyes crinkled, but it felt more playful than teasing.
Part of Steve knew he should stay in the main room, try to mingle more and make some connections, but the rest of him just wanted to follow Tony, wherever that might lead. For the first time since his mum died, Steve felt hopeful.
Steve shrugged. “Mum died. I guess there was nothing holding me to the place after that. It had always been her dream for me to make it to the city, try to make something of myself. She left everything to me, along with a promise that I’d sell it all and go on an adventure.”
Steve took his hand, feeling a rush of electricity along his fingers at the brush of skin against skin. “It would be an honor to dance with you.”
“I’m terrible. I don’t know how,” Steve blurted, despite how desperately he wanted to take Tony’s hand and get swept up in the music with him.
He had been in London for a week when he was lucky enough to be invited to a salon by a fellow artist, and from there to earn an invitation to the annual gala at the British Museum. He figured it would be full of the wealthy and sophisticated of London, and perhaps there he could find someone to take a chance on him. He only had enough money left for five more weeks in the city before he would have to do something drastic.
Tony laughed aloud at that, the sound genuine and warm, tickling down Steve’s spine like a caress. “And what of me? Do I seem like a suitable partner?”
Steve frowned, thinking back over the night. He hadn’t had a chance to talk to anyone but Tony. “No. You see, you were the first person I talked to.”
“My name is Tony, by the way.” He held out a hand, and Steve set his glass down on the table in order to shake it. Tony had a firm grip, but not overly so, his hand warm in Steve’s own. Steve could feel the callouses on it. This was a man who was used to doing work with his hands. Perhaps they had more in common then Steve had first realized; perhaps he was even here for a similar reason as Steve.
“Makes me feel like home, seeing all the stars,” Steve commented. One of his favorite things had been to sit out on the porch at night, watching the stars and tracing their patterns in his sketchbook.
The same could not be said for his heart, however, which seemed to be tripping beats and adding extras, as if it was simply impossible to keep a steady rhythm while standing this close to Tony. Steve could smell the scent of his cologne, see the crinkles at the corners of his eyes, the softness of his lips.
A waiter approached Steve with a tray of drinks, and held it out to him. “Oh. Thank you,” Steve said warmly, as he gratefully took a glass. The waiter said nothing, just looked at Steve coolly and then walked away.
raised him with manners— but only just barely. The tiny room he was staying in was already covered with drawings of all he had seen.
Tony gave him a warm smile, still holding out his hand. “I’ll lead you. You won’t have to do anything but hold onto me and follow.”
“What do you invent?”
“I think I just might be.” Steve met Tony’s gaze, and they both held it for a long moment, until Steve cleared his throat and looked away.
on it before.
He put on his best suit (his only suit) and hoped that the poor quality wouldn’t be too detrimental to his chances. He just needed to get someone’s ear long enough to convince them to take a look at his work. He was sure he could find a patron, if only someone would give him a chance.
Steve wanted to sit down on every street corner, pull out his sketchpad, and draw. He refrained from doing so— since something like that wouldn’t seem proper, and his mum
He had talent, he hoped, but he wasn’t famous enough to be earning commissions yet. He needed a patron.
Steve turned towards the voice, and sucked in a quiet intake of breath, as he laid eyes on one of the most handsome men he had ever seen. He was wearing a light grey tux that was tailored perfectly, fitting him just shy of too-tight, allowing his physique to be shown off. His hair was artfully styled, and his eyes were bright and dancing as he gazed at Steve, as if there was some joke that only he knew.
“Pleasure,” Tony replied, as if it really was.
“If they put chairs out, people wouldn’t mingle as much,” Steve pointed out, although he couldn’t help matching the man’s smile. It was infectious, and left his heart thumping slightly faster.
But Tony neither laughed in his face nor treated him with contempt. Instead, he gave Steve a warm smile, eyes alight with interest. “I am sure you are most talented. And equally sure that I would enjoy seeing your work some day.”
The man at the door looked Steve over doubtfully. It just made Steve stand taller. He looked over Steve’s invitation carefully, as if checking for forgeries, and then made a gruff noise and nodded his head for Steve to enter.
, even if this one isn’t real. Even if this one’s existence is a cruelty.
First his mother dies, TB, and Steve thinks,
“I eat what Jarvis makes, enough to not feel like I’m starving, and then I put the rest in the fridge. Fridges are
“Oh - I’m - I don’t - I’m so sorry, I don’t know what I was thinking, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, I just -“
the leftovers? Or just let them grow mold in the fridge.”
Tony smiles, his breath catching for a second. “Yeah it’s a good start. You wanna tell me you love me again, I bet that’ll help too.”
“So. You liked Korean, right? Have you ever had Indian food before?”
Tony blinks, taken aback, and then smiles unsteadily at Steve. “Thanks, Cap… it - it means a lot.”
Steve nods. “The first time I met Tony, I thought he was a robot. And I remember thinking that there was no way this was the future, if Mr. Stark's robot was less convincing than Jim had been.
“I can’t,” she begins, before trailing off. “I can’t raise this child.”
. No, Tony. Nothing you do is anything less than beautiful.”
The synthesis, antithesis and thesis combined, the whole sum of poverty, is this to Steve:
“Well, I’m sorry that my ass is out of commission, but I can still, I mean, if you want, we could -“
Steve chuckles gently. “Don’t try to speak yet, Tony. I’m sure it’s torture for you, but you’ve gotta be patient, okay? I’ll take care of you.”
“I know your feelings about me and Tony being together might not be positive, and if that’s something you can’t handle, I understand. I’m not, I’m not
Steve pulls out his sketchbook from the side table instead. He knows what he’ll draw, same as always, but at least he can get lost in the drawing. He opens it and flicks through the pages until he finds a blank one. It’s a lot of drawings of the same subject. Tony laughing, Tony smiling, Tony looking serious - from a press conference - Tony winking, Tony yawning, Tony with his hair mussed up, Tony with his hair slicked back, Tony with the paper curled under his arm, Tony holding a briefcase, Tony wearing his nice suit, Tony in a tux, Tony in a sweatshirt. He has a page of sketches of the parts of Tony that draw his eyes the most - the slender arch of his fingers, the hook of his nose, his lips, his forearms, his neck.
He stays with the Rothsteins, and that is a gift too. Steve thinks, in his grief, that maybe he doesn’t deserve it here. But in his heart of hearts, the truth is that he is deathly afraid of losing this precious thing. Like he lost the only other thing that matters to him.
“... and then you disappeared for two weeks. I didn’t see you at all outside of Avengers Alerts. I thought you were avoiding me because you were uncomfortable.” Steve looks down at his hands.
But Tony wouldn’t be a very good masochist, he’s always thought. Regardless of how much pain he’s in, his brain doesn’t stop moving.
Tony looks down at himself, his cock pressing against his cummerbund, residual drops of pre-come wetting the fabric. “Well,” Tony says, “I had no idea the tux would do it for you like this, or I’d wear nothing else.”
“He killed you. He lied to you. He tore out your memories.” She says it not as an accusation, but as flat statements of fact.
Tony moans again, slightly louder, and his voice sounds strained when he says, “a little help, here?”
Steve’s not sure Tony will ever understand. Even after their conversation, Steve isn’t very convinced.
Steve throws his hands up in the air and Tony falls back against his chest with a yelp. That was so Tony, come to the completely wrong conclusion right at the end of the discussion without listening to anything Steve was saying.
Steve nods immediately. “Yes,” he says breathlessly. “You - god, Tony, you have no idea how hot you look right now.”
The pink that floods Tony’s cheeks must be a blush, and Steve feels an intense satisfaction at the sight. He grins at Tony, rakes his gaze hungrily down the line of the man’s rumpled suit. Tony’s color deepens.
“Cap? You good?” He hears Mr. Stark say, and his focus snaps back.
“I…” Tony began. “I want to do anything with you too. So much. So much I don’t know how to say it. Or show it.”
“He does love you,” Sharon says, and Tony doesn’t have to ask who she means. “I don’t begrudge either of you that.”
Steve all but jumps in the air in surprise. “Oh, ha, nothing -“
“So you’re not - you don’t mind?” Steve tries to keep his voice neutral, even though his chest is swelling with hope.
“Hey, gorgeous,” Tony says, staring at Steve’s lips.
T’Challa had told Tony privately, where no one else would hear, that the Hydra Supreme really was an almost perfect copy of Steve Rogers, aside from his willingness to manipulate others and work with Hydra. He didn’t know what had happened to Tony inside the facility, so he didn’t know how much those words felt like a slap to the face.
“No, no, hey, did I do something wrong? Did I say something wrong? You should feel good, you should feel amazing, what’s - what did I do,” Tony finishes pathetically, his hand on Steve’s shoulder, trying to push Steve up.
Iron Man nods, still looking dazed. “I’ll go get Tony, then…” he says, mechanically.
“Whenever,” Tony says, his voice jokingly solemn.
Steve shakes his head vehemently. “
“Have you been talking to Tony, then?” He asks, not sure if he’s going to get an answer.
Steve has a history of falling for beautiful, unattainable people. Bucky and Toro would tease him for it, in their easy way, when he was with the Invaders. They would take him to the pictures when they had leave and watch his face to see who his eyes lit up at.
Steve can’t let himself get distracted by Tony, though. “What do you mean, ‘maybe’?”
“I’m afraid that one day he’ll be taken away from me. And I will be left with nothing but my hands, and nothing built from them to hold on to.” Steve looks at his hands; clenches them, unclenches them, reassuring himself that they are there.
“Can I…?” Steve asks, reaching tentatively for Tony’s dick, wanting desperately to hear Tony whimper and moan like he had before. Steve realizes he’s holding the vibrator in his other hand and drops it on the table, next to the abandoned tray of food.
- in his hand, the feeling of it.
Sharon shakes her head. “He already knows. He realized before I did.”
Steve smiles back. “That’s what my mom always said,” and pulls Tony in for another kiss.
He knows it’s not Mr. Stark’s fault, that this is his head getting wrapped up in his own thoughts, but it makes him feel small when he’s talking to the man. He feels like he did before the serum, like anything can barrel him over, like he is fragile and clumsy and eminently pitiable.
The thing that people don’t tell you about being uncircumcised is just how sensitive you get. Of course, people say that you feel more pleasure during sex, but that’s not quite accurate. Sensitivity can translate into pleasure, but sometimes it’s just painful.
“Is this about Tony?” Jan asks gently, startling Steve out of his confused thoughts.
He’s so preoccupied with thoughts of his sketchpad and the drawing that he almost doesn’t notice the soft moaning from the couch tucked against the workshop wall.
He would put up with awkward kisses forever, if it meant he never had to stop kissing Tony.
He nods, grateful that she has some inkling of what is eating at him. “It’s - uh - can I sit?”
“But when my head is clear, and I look at him,” he can’t stop himself from looking down at Tony, bruised and beaten. “All I can see is light. Tony’s the sun. Without him, I would have died a long time ago.”
Tony looks up from the food he was excitedly digging into, face uncertain.
. I wish we’d had those back… back before.”
That mollifies Steve slightly. “Then if we go out to eat again, you won’t mind if we skip over menus with this kind of pricing now that I’ve been exposed?”
They’re so close, but they’ve never felt further apart.
He can’t spend too long looking through the sketchbook without getting a little too warm, a little too big in his clothes, so he quickly focuses on a new drawing. Thinks about what part of Tony he’ll draw this time.
wanted, for it to be real.”
Tony’s gaze darts around the room, he laughs breathily, and then swallows. “I don’t - I mean, ah, maybe?” He tries to smile, but it’s very small and fragile. It’s kind of amazing that stammering, nervous Tony Stark is somehow just as beautiful as composed, smiling for the camera Tony Stark.
He built the Invaders, he pieced them together with a fierce determination that said “I will not lose this family too.”
In high school, when Arnie drifts away and they don’t speak, when Steve moves out and begins to draw for the WPA, his thoughts crystallize into perfect understanding: all gifts are lost eventually.
He looks up at Tony. “I don’t,” he stammers.
Tony stared at Steve, eyes flicking over his face again and again.
“It’s like. Sometimes, the people you love hurt you. They don’t mean it, probably. And you hurt them too. And sometimes the hurt is too much, and you can’t be with them, even if you love them.
“He needs to wake up,” Steve says. “I don’t want to wait anymore.”
Steve is so overwhelmed by thoughts of Tony that he doesn’t even notice Iron Man looking over his shoulder at his sketchpad. The atmosphere of the library is unusually quiet, cut through with mid-afternoon light.
“Well, uh, I think I -“
Tony interrupts his thoughts with a grin and a shake of the head. “Stop overthinking this, Steve. If we’re lucky, it’ll never come up and we can live out our retirement here together, you still under my roof.”
Tony grabs his hand while he’s looking away and guides it to Tony’s cock, wrapping Steve’s fingers around it. Steve wasn’t expecting it to be so warm, or so smooth. Not quite smooth, soft? But Tony’s dick is rock hard. Steve sits still for a moment, caught up in the sensation of Tony -
“Okay, we’re gonna take this slow,” Tony said, “even if I can’t stop thinking about what kind of blow jobs you would give. I bet you’d be eager for it, huh? You’d probably use too much teeth because you were so excited to -“
“Oh my gosh, Tony? Are you okay?” He stumbles over parts - maybe from the armor, Iron Man damaged it in their last outing - and sets the tray down on the coffee table in front of the couch.
Tony closes his eyes and then the gap between them, places his lips delicately on Steve’s, and stays there for a moment. His lips are chapped and warm, but it’s not unpleasant.
Tony feels his breath catch in his throat.
“Tony, Tony, please, you have to tell Cap and Ant-Man about that time Angelica passed out while you two were dancing. I thought I would die of laughter.”
The Universe sits down where she’s standing, in the booth in front of Steve, harder than he’d expected. She looks tired, if that’s possible for a Universe to feel. Her hands go to her eyes and gently rub at the galaxies there, slowly try to push the stars back into alignment.
“Oh, oh fuck, Tony…”
Tony wonders if she’s as afraid of touching him as he is of touching her.
“What’re you drawing, winghead?”
he thinks absently. That’s the prettiest smile he’s ever seen. “Cleared my schedule, just for you. You’re an important member of the team.” He claps Steve on the shoulder.
Tony nods. He’s surprised she’s telling him about this instead of just getting an abortion quietly. Tony doesn’t think this is a punishment, doesn’t think that she wants him to know so that he will blame himself and suffer, even if that is what’s happening. But he doesn’t have any other explanation.
Then a kiss to his cheek. “Wake up, Shellhead,” Steve says, and Tony knows he’s dreaming.
“If that’s going to be a problem for you, please let me know now, and we can figure out someone to replace me on the team.” He folds his arms across his chest.
Nothing he experienced in the war would prepare him for having sex with Tony Stark, though.
want to keep going out with you?” Tony asks, his voice low and rumbly and vibrating through Steve down to his toes.
Tony understands her loud and clear. In a way, Sharon is keeping them both alive by doing this, but the cost seems astronomical to Tony. Unbearable.
Like Tony is avoiding touching on heavier topics.
“We’re not gonna let you die, not that easily.”
“I want to kiss you. Right now, but also all the time. I hate that I can’t stop myself from saying this, I hate that I kind of don’t want to, I hate that I’m losing control in front of you and I hate being weak.”
“Steve wants many things,” Sharon says, her voice full of bitterness. “This isn’t one that he’s going to get.”
“Yes,” Steve says immediately, unable to take his eyes off of Tony’s lips. He’s not entirely sure what Tony is offering, but he feels certain that he wants whatever Tony is willing to give him.
Tony grins, lifting a hand to press against the cheek Steve kissed, before closing the door and leaving Steve to jog off to the library.
Tony glances at Steve throughout the meal, periodically, but Steve doesn’t let that stop him from looking. He just eats calmly, patiently, feeling more sated by the sight of Tony than the wonderful food Jarvis made for them.
The thing in Steve’s skin loves that they look at each other. “The two most important people in my life. You should love each other just as much as I love you,” it says, and Tony wants to vomit. The real Steve, wherever he is, doesn’t love Tony. He loves Sharon. He’s always only ever had eyes for Sharon.
Sharon doesn’t say anything at all. Just sits there with him, not asking him to leave.
Steve can’t keep himself from smiling as he looks Tony in the face. They’ll weather this together, they’ll work together. He isn’t life and Tony isn’t death; they’re just two people who’ve made a lot of mistakes.
“Of course, yeah. Should I change?” Steve asks, looking down at his uniform. “Guess that’s a silly question, don’t really want to go out as Cap, huh? I’ll be - I’ll be right back.”
“Please. He’s been flirting with you for the last week.”
“And now I fucked up everything with Carol, the one person in this whole world, probably, who wouldn’t be happy to see me go - maybe besides Rhodey - because other-you smiled at me. Now I don’t have anything left but this team.” His voice was impossibly soft, probably inaudible to anyone who didn’t have super hearing. “If you kick me, I’ll probably do it. I don’t think I’ll be able to stop myself, I’m not sure that I would want to, and no one else cares. But I would leave if you asked me. Even if it meant I would die I would do it.”
