Dean nods and chugs the last of his coffee. Cas presses against his arm as they pass each other, getting ready to go.
, and triggering another small spasm until finally Dean just collapses forward onto him, messy clothes be damned. His entire body is quivering, and that's just a new feeling right there.
Cas's body tightens around him so fucking sweetly, and Dean has just enough time to lock his arms before the tide pulls him under. He doesn't so much thrust but grind, pushing in as deep as he can go, two, maybe, three times. And he's done, coming so hard he can't tell where one spurt ends and the next begins.
"Outside," Sam says, firmly.
They can't really both thrust at the same time, it turns out, and for just a little bit the shaky intensity of the mood is broken by them both trying, and neither of them getting much of anything out of that. They end up chuckling about it together. But that's good, too—Cas raising his head to wrinkle his nose at Dean, and Dean grinning back, shaking his head. Sex with Cas is so easy that even the mistakes are hot, and funny.
"I don't know who's helping you adorable little monkeys," Zachariah snarls—Dean suspects Zachariah does not, in fact, think they're adorable, "but you will tell me, so that I can kill them."
The doors fly open with a blast. Uriel strides in first, and the asshole is fucking smirking. Inias doesn't look as thrilled to be there. Well, la-dee-dah for him.
There's a trickle of something silvery-blue out of the side of Cas's mouth, and after a second of glow it resolves into ordinary blood. Dean's not sure that's a good thing. Neither's the way that Cas slumps in the back seat: he's normally pretty graceful. Dean's seen him go limp and boneless for other reasons, but not this way.
They break apart just as softly as they came together. Smiling.
It's a weird weapon: it should feel unbalanced, but it doesn’t. It doesn’t even have a sharp edge, when they test it against some fabric, but neither of them touch the blade. Dean thinks it'll give him a mean swing, and probably not have any resistance when it goes into a body, despite its aged and weathered appearance.
Cas's heel thumps against the back of Dean’s thigh like he's trying to pull him in, and Dean follows the motion of it—slow and steady, and Jesus fucking Christ. Cas lifts into him at the last little go of it, and Dean freezes, but under him, Cas lets out a low, shaky little moan. "Dean," he says, like he's anchoring himself.
At one point, Cas's eyes focus on something that’s not visible through the windshield. "It's started," he says in a low voice. "Fifteen demons have just entered the convent. More are coming."
They all ignore him.
, there's a hand on his shoulder from behind: it's small and delicate, and he knows that it's Anna's. "I'm sorry, Dean, but you can't interfere."
"I gotta get you a nicer one," he murmurs, tracing the underside of Cas's jaw before snugging the knot up against his throat.
Yeah, it's different for sure.
Sam seems to be having trouble processing. Even after Cas steps out, it takes him a few long, awkward minutes punctuated only by chewing before he asks, "So, uh, he... cooks?"
"How'd you do that?" Sam asks breathlessly, but he’s not talking to Dean.
Yes, Dean's not the only one who sometimes needs to be better at communicating... and just because they have a profound bond doesn't mean they can't have occasional disagreements. Especially when the world is ending. Poor Anna, though...
Dean really should have taken more than that minute.
Dean needs to see that look a few dozen more times. He draws out and presses in again and Cas arches against him perfectly.
That's gonna leave a mark. Dean tries to think of the last time he was so excited to get a hickey. He's pretty sure the answer to that is 'never.'
Cas acknowledges it with a nod. "—or she'll lead you right to the location where Lilith's death will break the world. But either way, she would want you to find Lilith. It behooves her to not mislead you."
Castiel shudders again, not quite as intense, but still distractingly pleasurable.
The rest of the meal is a little surreal, though, because now that Dean realizes what's happening? Watching the only father figure he’s got interrogate his—Dean’s—interrogate Cas, yeah, it's an out-of-body experience.
The next time he bottoms out, it's just this side of controlled, but the angle is somehow better. Cas sucks in a chest full of shocked air. Dean pauses and Cas's leg and hand tighten on him.
"You wanna call Ruby?" Dean says, and the words are bitter in his mouth. He doesn't know what he's doing here, but what the fuck else is new. "Give her an update? Fine. But don't fucking fool yourself that she's doin' it for anything but to save her own skin. She was honest about that with you. Be honest 'bout it with yourself."
The air changes and Dean's head snaps up. There's the sound of wingbeats a half second later. He doesn’t have to look to know who’s behind him.
He wants to hope. He wants to, but he knows what that gets him.
"I told the truth because you're his family. Hell, you’re his big brother. He loves you, and you love him, and I—" he looks at Cas, feels that little shimmy in his heart that makes him smile. Dean's not sure how to finish that. Because he loves Cas? Yeah, of course; Jimmy already knows that.
Cas is gently banging his head against Dean's shoulder, though. "He's going to ask me questions," he whispers. "I know it."
Dean wants to bite him, wants to lick him, wants... but that would all mean he'd have to stop doing what he is now, and no-one can make him do that.
Yeah, Dean’s not gonna be the one to point out to Jimmy that God probably has nothing to do with it.
Dean gets between the neighbor and Cas’s brother, fists up, and Amelia’s screaming. He can hear Jimmy yell to his wife, "That's not Roger!" like it’s far away, but that’s not where Dean’s attention is anymore. He swings just as whatever is possessing Roger stands back up.
Or maybe he never stopped caring.
Bobby shoos Dean out of the way when Dean almost knocks over one of the piles of books for leaning closer to listen. Dean grumbles, but he heads down to make sure that the scythe is stowed securely. Baby's gotta be in tip-top shape, 'cause she's gonna go for the ride of her life soon.
"And you... when you, um. Wrote on me." Dean's hand stills between Cas’s shoulder blades. "You made that impossible. Even if I said yes to him... he couldn't. Even though he's an archangel?"
But maybe Cas does. Maybe it doesn't matter at all. Maybe that 'yes' is all that matters, because for Cas, that's just... it, that's just them.
But Dean
They get ready to hang up when Sam pauses.
Cas swallows, looking forlorn and lost. "…or we hurl you back to damnation," he finishes, very quietly.
Behind Zachariah’s back, Sam is making faces that are frankly, hilarious. But mostly attempting to ask Dean what the hell he thinks he's doing. Oh, please, like Sam's never watched him work before.
Cas jolts and then practically sobs in pleasure.
"There better be morning sex," Dean mumbles, as Cas curls up against his back, knees tucking into knees. A palm rests on Dean's hip before it starts a slow circle, erasing an ache he hadn't even been aware of.
And if Dean's gonna be honest? Like, really, really honest? He's always charged through this shit making like there's another side to come out on. And with what they're dealing with, here— powers far outside anything Dean, Bobby, Sam, and maybe even
"That he's an angel?" Sam retorts. "Like the ones who kidnapped you to, to, I don't even know, get you to Alastair? Dean, I don’t know how it is I didn’t make the connection, but you were acting like part of you had
"How?" Dean asks, idly, curiously, but mostly still swallowed up in the feel of Cas's stubble against his neck and the slow, careful press of lips still behind his ear. He wants Cas to talk. About anything.
Cas rolls off and to the side, and Dean immediately misses the weight of him, the warmth that was all over his front. He's a little sweaty, now, but none of it feels bad. Or at least it won't if he gets Cas's skin back, like, now. Dean wipes his fingers on the sheets and turns to face him, too.
Before he could decide what course of action to take there was a loud knock at the door. The rhythm of the rapping against the metal was a pattern Cas recognized as the one Dean used often.
“That’s it?” Dean said fumbling over one of the file folders, surprised at the meager assortment. There had been more about the Mark of Cain, which predated records. How was there so little on the Angel offsprings?
“Dean! Why didn’t you tell me you were sick?” Dean barely had time to roll his eyes, before there was a strong grip on his shoulder.
“-Magic like that, you don’t get for free. You pay for it in blood, so what was I meant to think when I woke up to find you comatose-”
“Did anything out of the ordinary happen?” Sam asked.
He worked quickly, tuning out the conversation, until he tied the last stitch and announced that he was done.
Dean blinked sleepily, and then let out a deep sigh of regretful realization. He didn’t want to deal with it at that moment, he was too relaxed. But one look into Cas’ inquisitive and worried eyes and he knew he was choiceless. Cas wasn’t going to let it drop. The angel was too stubborn for that.
Slamming the lid of the toilet seat down, Dean sat heavily with a frustrated sigh. He forcefully ripped open the box and yanked out the paper instructions.
“I believe the details of their creation were only shared to prevent those siring them from claiming innocence through ignorance. As I’ve said, nephilim cannot be created accidentally.”
And that was the last he heard before his world went black.
He shivers as the wet heat of Castiel’s mouth suddenly disappears and the cool air chills his overheated slick skin.
The smiteful anger showing on his angel’s face, made Dean inclined to agree. As much as they had been human - flesh and blood people - the British Men of letters had been more monstrous than any creature that Dean wouldn’t have hesitated to kill on the spot. They didn’t deserve the title of human - there had been no humanity in them.
Shit. Dean rubbed his hand harshly across the back of his neck. It would be the simplest thing in the world to reach across and take Cas’ hand in his, just like the couple opposite. So easy and yet impossibly hard.
“No. It was an angel called Benjamin,” Cas answered hollowly. “He was calling out for help.”
Cas shook his head quietly. “Nothing definite, but there was one thing I noticed that may be relevant... The mark on your arm.”
He gave a brief nod when Sam told him that Cas was breathing normally and had a strong steady pulse. He was already aware, he had checked before he left to find Sam. The Angel was fine physically, as far as his health signs were concerned, the problem was simple. Cas wouldn’t wake up. And for someone who doesn’t sleep, that couldn’t be good, not good at all.
...Not while he was pregnant anyway.
A full bodied tremor rolled through the Angel between his thighs. “Very much so,” he breathed heavily, ‘little Cas’ twitching in agreement against Dean’s stomach.
Dean chuckled, letting go of Cas so he could rub the back of his neck. “Yeah - Kinda... Didn’t think you’d pick up on that,” he admitted shyly. “But that doesn’t make it any less true.”
“Nothing,” Sam told him sadly. “Right now, you’re the last person he wants to talk to.”
“Relax, Cas,” Dean whispers against Cas’ skin, placing a kiss as low as he can on the Angel’s abdomen, feeling the muscles tense and the breath catch as he did. “Just relax.”
Sam shared a smile, though it didn’t last nearly long enough before his previous serious expression reappeared. “And that’s just the vitals. There’s pages and pages about what looks like diets, medication, and so on... I hate to say it, but you’re gonna have more of an insight into all this, and I get that going through it all is probably the last thing on earth you wanna do, and you need some serious r and r right now, but when you’re feeling more up to it we could really use your help.”
Still it was impossible to miss that there was something between the two of them. Something more than mere friends, or brotherhood. Sam had spent far too long feeling like a third wheel in their relationship for there not to be, he just never expected either of them to ever act on it.
Cas stepped silently towards her, his predatory eyes locked on his intended target with laser focus.
Castiel didn’t reply. His eyes flitted back and forth, his brow closing in close, troubled with perplexed confusion, looking like he was trying to solve the most morbidly difficult conundrum.
Oh God!
As the day had passed and their hope to find the angel ebbed away, the more tearful the pregnant man had grown and there was nothing Sam could do to ease his brother's pain.  He knew that nothing short of finding the angel would soothe him, but he couldn’t magically make Castiel appear. He couldn’t even explain where Castiel was, or what had happened to him, because if everything had gone as planned, they should have found him already.
Cas blinks at him and looks down. "What's wrong with this one?"
Cas moves with him, graceful and sure. He sits down, still facing Dean, finding his way onto the bench seat without even looking. Then he stretches out his legs and leans back, keeping Dean's hand with him, pulling him into the car as well. Cas stretches out, inching back just enough so that his head is supported on Dean's makeshift pillow. Dean goes with him, and pulls the door closed behind himself.
The sad little hint of accusation, weirdly, is what brings Dean's head off his knee and pushes him through to his feet. Because he's always been a contrary sonofabitch in a lot of ways.
ME lady's clearly disappointed it's not Dean's little brother who comes to check up on her this time, but Dean's still got the trick with the eyelashes down. It takes a little bit of time, and more than a little of the stupid act—'cause girls like her, they just love to teach dumb boys like him what's for—to get her to bring him to the shelves.
But there's something hurt and shaky behind his little brother's eyes, betrayed. Because Dean’s reckless as shit, but Dean's also always been the one who's hauled Sammy back, who's stood the line. Dean knows he’s protected Sammy from himself—even when it looked like Sam didn’t need to be protected from the monster under the bed, because he
"What he's sayin'," Bobby says, over his shoulder, "is you idjits warded off the apocalypse. You need a damned vacation. Go to the beach or some shit."
Sam backs off, but Dean knows him too well. There's still a suspicious glint in his eyes and Dean bets its name is Ruby, dripping poison into Sam’s ears.
"Cas…" Dean says and God, he sounds worse than the last time he spoke.
. "But what's any of this got to do with him?" He gestures with one hand over the back of the Impala's bench seat, across the gap where he's scrunched himself behind Sam with one foot pulled up to his chest.
"Generally," Cas takes a sip of water, eyes closing and lashes fanning out against his pale face; he looks so tired that all Dean wants to do is stroke his hair for several hundred hours. "An angel's power is backed up by the entirety of the heavenly host. It's sort of a symbiotic relationship. We were never meant to exist alone: we're each other's batteries, in a way. Together, we replenish each other. As a solitary piece of multi dimensional heavenly intent, I charge... slowly."
Castiel looks up at the ceiling and asks himself, "I wonder if my father knew, when he created this world, the great many types of love that would come to be."
Dean slides a hand up the arm Cas has around his ribs, running his fingers up and down Cas’s still-cooling skin. Cas actually giggles a little with his next shiver, and Dean understands the impulse. He might actually be a bit giddy and it's not just the lack of oxygen to his brain from that neverending orgasm.
Cas explains, because of course he does. Bobby doesn't say anything at first, and just nods along. Dean starts to feel his shoulders go up, ready to explain exactly why this is a dumb fucking idea. He should know: he's been the one who’s made the deal, and the one left standing after someone else did. He's got experience from both ends of that particular crappy situation, and neither waiting to be dragged down into Hell or watching someone he loves take that nosedive are happy places to be.
It's Sam who says, softening a little, "I don't... but you seem like a pretty decent, uh... person, Cas."
The zing of it is just as good as the first time. As every time. Dean grinds down against him because he can't help it, and Cas's moan feels like an earthquake against him.
Jimmy heads out to find out what's going on and Dean follows behind discreetly. Sam rolls his eyes. The conversation seems mundane enough that Dean's mind starts to wander, planning the best places to hide the devil's traps and what arguments might work best to convince the Novak family that the family that tattoos together lives to see another day together.
Cas keeps up with the gentle kisses on Dean’s neck and collarbone and high on his chest, followed by the occasional barely sharp nip. It's all so exciting, and it shouldn't be this hot with pants still on. Usually, by now, Dean is buried in a good pair of tits and looking for her panties. He's not sure what the similar scenario would be for two dudes, but he's sure it's not this almost-chaste kissing with the side of clothed grinding. His boxers are damp, sticking to the head of dick in the best of ways.
to find his little brother curled up  on the floor, the scalp wound filling his eyes with blood, and one arm tucked to his chest in a way that looks dislocated or broken. But Sam’s alive, and not balls deep in a demon: both wins in Dean’s book.
Dean reaches up and scratches hard behind his head. Shit. He sighs and leans his hips back against the wall, clunking the back of his head against it.
Then he straightens, and Dean sees some kind of ancient warrior shining under that skin as he starts towards the closed door. He closes it behind him.
"My brother's dead, thanks to you. So thank you for that reminder. Go with God," Jimmy sneers, and he makes it sound like an insult as he goes to swing the door closed.
He sighs. "Fine. But we're finding a motel or something after, I am exhausted. I need my four hours."
They do a pit stop about 3 hours in. Mostly a pee and snack break, and a chance to get some gas. It seems calm at the moment, but Dean doesn't want to be caught 3/4s of a tank down in a tight spot. The twins are solidly asleep: they don't even twitch when the car doors close the second time. He and Sam grab some extra snacks. Worst case scenario, they can stop at the side of the road if someone really needs to pee. They’re all guys here.
Cas has a little more spring to his step, at least, and he's enthusiastically pointing out something on a piece of paper under glass that looks like it might be older than he is. Like, angel-him.
Sam's ghost face doesn't improve. He tilts over towards Dean. "Bobby... likes him?" he whispers.
Sam looks at Ruby, and Ruby looks back at him.
without cracking open a book."
"Hey," Dean murmurs. "None o' that, you wild man."
"I, uh... not... I don't know." Dean knows he's a smooth customer; he's been taking names and panties since he was old enough to realize he could, so why the fuck did that roll of confusion just come out of his mouth? He has, he hasn't. He’s pretty sure Cas is talking about being with men, not just being in Baby's back seat, but the answer’s the same: yeah, he’s fooled around, but he's never had anything like this. "You?"
Cas blinks, slowly. "Time is different in Hell. It's..." his eyes slide to Dean, and then settle back on Sam. His rough tones are quiet when he says, "It was a long time for you. But it was forty years for us."
, wow, Dean never thought he'd say this, but the dick-waving is getting out of hand. "Dunno, sounds like a pretty good deal to me. What 'bout you, Sammy?"
"Were you serious? 'Bout needing to rest,” Dean asks, quiet, worried. He hasn't forgotten what Cas said about his batteries.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas's chest heaves as he catches his breath. "Sorry. Sorry. Not today. Too—" but he shudders a little like the very idea gives him pleasure. Dean can sort of relate. "Too complicated. For now. But I have an idea."
Again with the 'please,' holy fuck. When Dean carefully starts to pull his finger back, Cas's rim tugs and clenches against him like it's trying to keep him in, and yeah, Dean's almost sure he is
They caravan it back, no one wanting to let anyone too far out of their sight. Dean fights the panic that's clawing at his chest. Fuck. Sammy.
Dean swallows. "What did you learn?"
"Fuck, this is good," Dean mutters, finally looking away from the incredible sight of their hands on each other’s cocks so that they can kiss. It's mostly a press of lips, slanted and sloppy, but it's a perfect counterpoint to the way his nervous system is lighting up.
"I never really imagined it'd turn out this way," Sam says, quietly. But when Dean looks up, he's got a little smile on, and he’s watching the way the lights on the Christmas tree have started to twinkle; Amelia has them on a timer. "Me hunting with Bobby and you, well."
A thought occurs to Castiel--probably later for him than if anyone else was in this position with Dean. "Oh," he breathes.
"Heh," Dean says, and kisses the inside of Cas's wrist.
Even when Monroe compliments Baby—because hell yeah, she's a beauty—there's just... Dean doesn't know. The next time it's time to take an interview, Dean tells Sam it's his turn to babysit the FBI.
Cas stalks past them both, then sinks down into a squeaky recliner that whines under him like it's weeping. He doesn't put his head into his hands, but he does look down at his palms, his knees. Maybe he's remembering Anna. Maybe the guilt's too heavy for him to raise his chin.
No one has ever accused Castiel of lack of perseverance, though, so he squints. "Do you talk to people in your nightmares?" he demands, archly.
"Dean," Cas says, in a shaky gasp, and it's probably supposed to sound like a scold. (It doesn't sound even remotely like a scold.)
Dean shivers. There's something to Cas's words. Some deep truth that Dean can feel in his chest, all the way down to his marrow, despite the distinct lack of actual details.
Cas steps back and falls into place near Dean; as he brushes past, their pinkies touch, briefly, gently. It’s only an instant, but Dean gets a quick hit of something. He's not sure he can qualify it: an apology, maybe? Or perhaps just a need to reach out. Either way, Dean's not complaining.
Dean squeezes their hands more tightly together. "Yeah, Cas. It's okay with me."
"Yeah?"
This time it's Dean who encourages Castiel to lift a leg and wrap it around his hip, and that resettles them both in the best of ways. "Oh. Oh. Dean," Castiel can't help but keen quietly. The moisture they're both dripping, and Castiel only just realizes it
(See the end of the chapter for
But he's giving Dean a funny, squinty look that Dean's not sure he likes.
He's not looking to start anything, though. He takes Cas's bloody hands and pours liquid soap into them, sudsing them over and over until they're clean. Until there's no more blood staining the floor. Cas watches it go, and while Dean can't always tell what's bothering someone, he knows that look.
The blanket is not his wings. Castiel knows this, but it has weight and substance and comfort. He didn't used to sleep, either, so perhaps this is a comfort he needs; the nightly tossing and turning settles almost immediately as the blanket presses down on him.
"Tessa?" he blurts, peering over Cas’s shoulder.
Cas cocks his head, and his voice is a little gentle when he says, "I'm sorry you had to see that. It's..." he breathes in and out, in and out. Dean's eyes follow the rise and fall of his shoulders. "It's been a little disorienting. But clearer now, I think." His eyes are sad, and fixed on his knees in their thin cotton pants. "Inias. Uriel. That... that was them, wasn't it? In the cabin. The ones who want to kill me."
Cas nods into his brother's shoulder and holds him tight. Dean's having trouble holding onto his own emotions. There's a sharp tickle in his throat and a prickle in his eyes. He knows this reunion all-too-well—hell, he’s lived it—and doesn't begrudge them this time.
, but then she asks, politely, "If you have your sword I'd ask that you leave it outside or make it go away. We don't allow weapons around Claire."
"Dean," Cas murmurs, his voice hoarse and wrecked. If he asks
Dean rubs his thumb over Cas's cheek, enjoying the prickle of stubble against the pad of his finger. "Probably not." He sighs and gently sways into the warmth of Cas's body. "I'm not good at this, Cas. I haven't ever really tried to be. So if I get snippy and walk away, it's not—I'm not a fun guy to be around when I'm mad. I know that."
To Dean's surprise, Death's mouth curves. It might be humor. But it might not. "Hmm," he says, then pushes another plate towards Cas. "Insignificant, but with opinions. I see."
Cas's laugh at that is one of the best things Dean's ever heard.
Dean makes himself comfortable on the old couch in what might be considered Bobby's study. Bobby hands him an open bottle of Margiekugels. Dean gives him an eyebrow and assumes there's holy water in it, but fine. He chugs a good half of it before putting it down. "Ask," Dean says.
Cas isn't fazed, though. "I think your 'boys' bring enough trouble to themselves that way,” he answers, a little wryly. “But... strictly speaking, no. Relationships between humans and angels are not unheard of, just... exceedingly rare. The last I knew of was a century or so ago." His lips crease. "I'm much more likely to be hunted for flouting Heaven's will than that."
It's so tight he can barely move back and forth, at first; he's not even trying for that spot anymore—not that Cas seems to mind at all, with the way he's panting against Dean's shoulder.
"Pretty sure it wasn't a blessing," Dean growls. "And before you say anything, no, we are not summoning any damned demons."
Cas's fingers brush his temples, his hairline, ruffle through the swirl at the top of his head. They tighten a little when Dean tries the first few careful, tentative motions up and down. Dean wraps his hand around the base to hold it up for his mouth, and that kind of helps—on the next bob, Cas tucks deeper against the back of his tongue. Okay, that does feel really strange, but it's not bad at all.
Michael says, with interest, "You have intercourse? Really."
When Cas turns to look at him, Dean knows Cas gets it.
The little girl gives Dean a serious look. "Can we go home?" she asks, her voice high and thin, but steady.
Even though Cas is in on the plan, the apology feels too real.
The gravity, the inevitable, unstoppable pull that Castiel had first noticed all those nights ago is back, as Dean doesn’t look away. It pulls them both into soft kisses that say so much more than the words that are stuck in Castiel's throat can--one, two, and then Castiel stops counting
He walks over to a bookshelf, full of black paperback spines with big cheesy white lettering: the published novels. "I do know that these," he points to them, "don't contain the same translation errors. So maybe we should figure out what the common issue is?"
Dean drives until there's a shadowy stretch of shoulder at the edge of the empty road he can pull Baby onto. He hasn’t seen anyone’s headlights but his own in a half hour. He climbs out and looks up at the thin clouds stretched over the night sky. Baby's engine is warm against his back as he leans on the hood. He swallows.
Dean feels his eyes widen. "Uh, why were you studying Satanism? 'Know thy enemy?'"
Okay, that's really embarrassing. But Cas's other arm is around his waist, holding him up, hauling him against his body. Dean almost wishes that he was still wearing his jeans rather than his boxers and what feels like an incredibly thin t-shirt, because with Cas rubbing against him like that, he's gonna come embarrassingly quickly.
His next is, "Fuck, are those... my clothes?"
I don't know who I feel sorrier for in that encounter: Crowley or Bobby! So they've got the scythe now... what do y'all think they're going to do with it? (Aiyah, Cas really can't keep his paws off that handprint, though, can he?)
Dean arches his back, eyes shut tight. His entire body explodes into a weird starburst of sensation all centering from somewhere behind his dick, and holy fuck he's going to come really, really soon.
There's a thin layer of dust in parts of the room. Like someone's been in here, but only as far as they needed to be before leaving again. It’s been months since Cas left, but Dean knows what it looks like when someone’s grief keeps them from putting away a loved one’s things.
Without the blood and stuff distracting Sam, well, Dean's gonna have to get used to explaining a few more things now and again.
Dean hasn't laughed that hard in ages, and man, it feels good. It feels like a win. Right here, even with all the fucked-up stuff that happened in the last few hours... they're safe, they're all safe. The bastards didn't get any of them—even the poor sap who's staring at Dean like he's lost his mind.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. "Okay. Cas, you explain to
Jimmy backs away from her, so shocked he puts a hand on the edge of the cot to steady himself, and Dean recognizes a trick when he sees one. Pamela just pulled something from Jimmy to assert her authority over all things brain. Cheap trick, but powerful as hell. It shuts Jimmy up, which they kind of need.
Dean's stomach rolls. The idea of even enjoying it makes him feel kind of sick.
"To... hurt them, kill them?" Cas shakes his head. "Nothing we could get to. Not right now." Cas's eyes drop down to his hands. "I'll do it, of course."
Dean flushes, growls, "Fuck you, bitch," and reaches out to grab it back.
Cas sends them off with a fond smile and the sound of wingbeats. Sam immediately shoves headphones into his ears, and Dean doesn't hear one word out of him until the first rest stop.
time, Dean blushes.
That's when Ruby, the bitch, looks right at Dean, and the doors slam shut.
Dean swallows heavily. There's power in this room—the kind he can taste on his tongue. Next to him, Cas looks calm and collected, but Dean can tell he's scared witless.
Bobby grunts, but he checks the contents of the box anyway, popping a hush puppy into his mouth. He makes a rumble of pleasure. "Was all that supposed to be a hint, a threat, or a warning?" he asks. He takes a chicken wing, too.
"It's forged from an old angel blade," Cas says, re-clasping their hands together. "You're right-handed, you'll appreciate the ring the next time you need your right hook."
"I'll add it to the list," Cas agrees, a little breathlessly.
Once they're alone, Dean remains frozen, eyes wide. At his sides, his hands are shaking. "Cas?"
(See the end of the chapter for
But of course it’s not snowing. It’s spring. It’s dark. There's a takeout bag next to Dean’s left hand, a water bottle tucked against his thigh.
"Dean?" Cas says, raspy and deep as he settles into the space between Dean's legs. Dean doesn’t remember parting them; that probably happened when he started to get hard.
Dean flashes to his father. He doesn't answer.
Now that they've got the guy pinned, though, Dean's not sure what they're gonna do with him. Castiel doesn't seem like he's going to kill an unarmed angel, and Dean, for all that the guy called him a mongrel and a monkey, generally doesn't stab people for animal comparisons.
He wonders if Cas wants to still be a university professor after. If there is an after.
"Des Moines," Cas says after a few seconds waiting for the phone app to load. "But heading in that general direction."
Dean snorts. So what if he is? "Alright, wise guy, what's your idea?" Cas already said ‘too complicated,’ so it’s not the first thing that came to Dean’s mind.
"The first..." Sam looks back and forth between them. "Wait, what? I thought the first seal was the... the ghosts. The spirits..."
"Thank you," Anna says, looking at Cas for what Dean thinks is a little bit too long, and that makes the angry, upset feeling a little less embarrassing.
Cas's hands—both up his shirt and skirting over his nipples, now—make it pretty clear that the feeling’s mutual. Dean's nipples have always been kind of perky, but he's never enjoyed them being played with this much.
Dean's about to prickle at that, but Cas smiles, sweetly. "Exactly," he announces, and it sounds like the kind of thing brothers say to each other, not just a weird and tense stand-off.
And that ain't the half of it. This half-numb feeling, like he's lost a limb, is gonna get him killed; Dean knows it, and he can't quite find it in himself to care. He even tells the kid he sees it being a short run, but the kid is already moving on.
"There's a lot you probably don't know about all this bullshit," Dean warns him. "And most of it’s bloody and ugly. If I had my choice, I'd leave you out of the life completely.” He rethinks that for a second, though, because the fact is: Adam was never a part of the life, and it got him killed anyway.  He shakes his head, ruefully, and studies him. “But considering you can house an archangel, I guess that's just a pipe dream."
There's no grave dirt on him.
"We got your message," Dean says, firmly. "You okay?"
I was a fool of course. A naive fool.
Dean glances at Bobby. Bobby shrugs; well, he did open the door.
Dean grumbles, but suddenly that leaden feeling is back in his limbs—only it’s about one hundred times worse. He lets Cas untie his shoes and take off his socks. Dean's already shirtless, but the pants have to go. He finds himself tucked into the huge, surprisingly comfortable bed. Cas climbs in after him, down to boxers and a white undershirt. Weirdly, he wasn’t wearing one under his shirt a second ago, but Dean’s not about to ask..
In retaliation, Cas sucks one of Dean's fingertips into his mouth.
Dean's hand squeezes into a fist.
Of all the things that Dean expected to see in his life, he didn't expect to see the demon who calls himself the King of the Crossroads stumped. (Why the King of the Crossroads is wearing some kind of British douche is still up in the air.)
Dean's breath catches yet another time, because shouldn't the person who came back from the dead get the special treatment?
"And Hell just wants him." Ruby unfolds her arms and makes an expansive gesture towards Cas. "A flesh-and-blood angel that you can question, torture, that bleeds. Brother, you're the Stanley Cup. And sooner or later, Heaven or Hell, they're gonna find you."
It should feel like a win. Take that, Dean, it's already there. Honestly, after the previous night's sleep, Castiel feels like he can take on anything, including one crappy night.
Cas nods frantically at him, and a bitten back "mmhmm" comes out of his mouth. Their movements get sharper and Cas drops his head again, pressing their foreheads together. "Yes," he whispers. "Like that."
Dean snorts. "The angels?"
Castiel spends three minutes in his room with sweaty palms and a pounding heart and absolutely no idea what the hell is happening. But Dean has never not followed up on that sort of threat (well, any sort of threat, really) so Castiel changes and then, apprehensively, finds his way back to Dean's door.
Cas grins, and just like that, Dean's soul is lighter, and Hell's grip on him loosens its sticky, wet fingers. "Easy as pie. And I know you like pie."
Uriel, Numero Uno on the fuck-you-feathers list, blocks his path. "Angels are dying, boy." He advances on Dean, and one hand is up and raised. Dean knows they won’t kill him. It doesn’t mean that Uriel won’t hurt him to get what he wants, though.
He's happy and laughing as he and Cas walk from the shed to the main house, their elbows bumping and pressing from how close they’re walking. Dinner is one of the best meals he can remember in a long time, even with the blade of detox hanging over Sam's head. The food tastes better than he remembers (even though Bobby made it). The company feels softer and more comfortable, and even Bobby's slightly under-lit living space feels brighter and clearer.
Dean's mouth opens, and closes. The touch of fingers underneath his chin burns, stings, and soothes. He's never met anyone who's made him feel this way, and it's fucking terrifying. He doesn't know yet if it's a roller coaster, or like freefall with no parachute. "How's that even possible?" he asks. "You're, what, thirty? I got out of the hot box like a week ago. And they told me. The angel who pulled me out is..."
Dean looks down at the blade in his hand. It's long, almost the length of his hand and forearm, but balanced to perfection. Dean bets he could spin it or even throw it with next to no practice.
Dean stops by the door to the metallic shed. Its usual job is a place to be able to paint the cars without nature getting in the way. It's well-ventilated and temperature controlled. It doesn't look it from the outside, with all the tin siding and the patches of rust, but it's really an ideal spot to prepare a body for burial. Or pyre.
"Welcome to the family, Castiel," Bobby says, staring down into the bottle.
He also starts thinking about Cas really, really hard. Cas told him, with this tiny little smile, that he hears it when Dean does that, but Dean really didn’t think this was how he was gonna test it out.
time travel?"
Death finishes up his beef rib, and sighs in pleasure, like his expression never changed at all a few seconds ago. He takes up a little finger wipe to clean off his fingers, and dabs at the corners of his mouth. "I'm saying
Dean stops and reads through a scene that he thinks he’d remember pretty damned well, halfway through the first manuscript. Then reads it again, for good measure.
Instead, Dean leans in again to capture Cas into another slow, mostly chaste kiss. Cas's fingers make contact with the handprint between one breath and the next.
Then Dean feels Cas's eyelashes flutter against his shoulder, and Cas murmurs, "Oh. Hm." Then, "
"That is related, but not exactly…" Cas trails off. "You were injured. We were injured. Looking back, I'm not sure they wanted me to survive even that long. I think the plan was to kill me, and then continue to ‘rescue’ you, but you… wouldn’t let it happen." Cas runs his hand up Dean's left arm, but stops just shy of the hand print. "You sheltered me from an attack that I was too distracted to see coming. You saved my life, but took an injury, yourself. We clung to each other after that.” He smiles, and it’s pretty obvious it’s a nice, nice memory for him. Huh. “I held your soul inside my being, but you also held my grace in yours. When it was time to set you back into your whole body, it was difficult to separate. You felt like a part of me by then."
Bobby's got his listening face on. He looks to Dean, squeezes his arm. "I'll go look up if there's a metaphysical bandage we can whip up, then.” He only sounds a tiny bit sarcastic. “Why don't you stay here, talk to Cas a bit more."
Below him, Cas is waiting more patiently than Dean might ever be able to. He has his left hand gripping Dean’s right forearm, which is bracing Dean a few inches away from Cas. He’s just waiting, grounding.
Cas blinks, slowly, and his shoulders settle. He glances at Dean. "Then we can share what we know."
, and Dean's not dreaming. He's lived such a fucked-up life, but even he can't imagine a nightmare where he cut down the trees for Cas’s pyre and had to prepare his body for it. He sure as hell can’t imagine letting himself dream that something went right after that. Yeah?
Cas helps Jimmy up out of the sofa, though, lifting him back onto his feet by his armpits, and Jimmy blinks. "Are you... stronger now?"
Cas's only answer to that is to smile at him with something that looks like triumph. "Harder, please," he demands.
But Dean's so tired of pain and death. He holds the knife by the blade and—a little reluctantly—offers the hilt back to Cas. "If I kill him, like this," he says, slowly, "I think he's won."
Dean gives him an amused little glance. "Are you reading my mind?"
"Cas, sweetheart, oh God, Cas," he gasps, and his hand grips tightly into Cas's hair because Dean sure as hell doesn't want to move and hurt him or something, but he has to do something. He knows he's babbling, went down the wire into babbling a while ago. The little tuck of Cas’s mouth that says that Cas is proud of himself tightens around the base of Dean’s cock. Cas swallows. Oh, holy shit. "I can't, I can't..."
Cas considers. "The Ramayana," he answers, after a moment.
But Dean still needs to do one thing. He rolls before Cas can take his usual position as the prettiest gargoyle protector Dean's bed has ever seen.
Dean blinks, then looks down at Cas's face. At his shaky expression. "Wait. What? A vessel?
Dean drives them to a shady, empty glen he noticed on the way into town, and parks them in the sunshine. It's a cool day early in winter, but with the sun beating down onto Baby's black surface, it should be fine.
But there's a difference between wanting to see Cas smile and thinking he's so damned cute when he squints—and feeling that lick all the way through t-shirt, through scar and skin, all the way down to Dean's goddamned soul.
Dean looks down at his hand—his knuckles should be in pieces—and the ring gleams on his finger, warm and bright and welcoming. He runs a thumb over it because he can't not, and looks up again.
Stay here? Oh, fuck that.
Cas seems to focus off on a point in the distance. "I have… memories. I think that’s what they are. They used to be mostly in dreams. Some of them are not… great memories. Of a battle, a great and terrible battle for a single soul—the brightest soul you could imagine. It was the most important task in all of creation."
So Dean doesn't expect the little flare of hunger that aches in his gut, and he pushes it back down before it can make a damned nuisance of itself. Cas smiles and it's like warmth against his side. His free hand strokes Dean's face slowly, in soft tiny stretches. His fingertips travel down Dean's chin and neck in gentle teases of sensation that skitter down his spine.
He doesn't remember sneaking a hand under the back of there, but at some point, he did: his hand is cradling the globe of Cas's round ass, oh, fuck.
He doesn't even notice the change in flooring under him until Cas steps back, a guilty look all over his face. "My apologies, I didn't mean to do that quite yet."
Thinking back now, Dean sees the physical comparison between the nameless dude from that bar, the guy from the truck stop. Dark hair and dark eyes, slim hips and long-fingered hands. Strong arms. Fast and dirty hand jobs in an alley. The weird, hot, solid feel of a cock in his hand that isn’t his own.
something. "Yeah okay, we'll head in that direction and see what Sam does."
Cas is sweating down his neck and pink all the way down to his nipples, glowing in an entirely human way that's so fucking beautiful, even if Dean will never be able to articulate just how or why or how much. His dark head is tilted back, his neck a long delicate line only interrupted by the roll of his Adam’s apple as Cas swallows and gulps for air. He’s fucking devastating, and he looks like he’s having a very, very good time.
Dean knows the feeling. Cas doesn't need to say 'This is my fault' or 'she's my friend' because it's all over his shoulders. He only hesitates for a second before slowly lowering himself to the armrest. He makes sure it'll support his weight—it does—before settling a hand at the back of Cas's neck.
Dean laughs. "You are stealing all the good lines tonight."
Dean holds his breath.
"Incredibly. I have potentially incurred the wrath of an archangel. They are not… used to being crossed." Cas sounds calm about it now. But Dean knows the face and voice of someone who's signed their own death warrant, thinking that it's worth it because it saves the right person. He’s worn that look, too.
He kisses Cas's shoulder before going back to staring at his hand. His fingers carefully feel along the soft skin, the way Cas’s cock is warmer than all the rest of him right now, the ridge on the underside where the head meets the shaft. It's all so interesting, and shockingly hot. Beneath him, Cas sucks in various shaky breaths between low moans. He’s even trembling.
Dean smiles, feeling the low throb of connection still there.
Everything feels like it's changing, though, and that little detail doesn't seem important right this second.
Cas pauses, and rests his chin over Dean's shoulder. He snakes a hand over Dean's ass, and Dean thinks maybe Cas is getting a little frisky again—hey, he's willing to see if he can get hard again, it wasn't exactly a normal kind of orgasm—but a second later, Dean feels... huh. Clean.
They rearrange, but it's Cas who reaches behind himself and tucks Dean's cock in the warm crease of his thighs, pressing back against him to slot him in. And oh.
what the fuck—doesn't mean that Dean likes it any better.
Cas's hand settles on the small of his back. "Dean, you should sleep," he murmurs, and the low rub of his palm is like the best massage Dean’s ever had.
know if they get down and dirty in what's technically a public bathroom and he
Bobby, to his credit, doesn't even blink. "Right now? It's 50/50."
Dean flips them so that Cas is laying back on the bed, now, and Dean is leaning over him. Cas looks tolerantly amused and with those pink cheeks and wide eyes, pretty damned turned on. (Damn, that’s such a good look on him.) Dean peppers tiny kisses down his chest and abs, not having nearly the patience Cas had.
"I didn't know about it," Cas reminds them. "Neither did Anna, and she's higher-ranked than I was. But ultimately, does it matter? Either Ruby is trying to get you to Lilith to kill her because she truly is trying to stop the apocalypse—"
Cas shrugs in an approximation of a yes, but his lips turn down at the corners. That's another thing that seems to stick in his craw.
"Thanks," he says. Because he can be grateful, at least, for that.
last name.
"We needed time, Sammy," Dean says, and his voice doesn't crack. "I needed time."
Dean licks his lips. "But?"
saying “Be not afraid.”
Cas falters briefly. He tugs on the edges of the coat he’s still wearing in an awkward fashion, his shoulders rolling strangely. "My grace, it's what… powers angels? It's energy and essence all rolled into one. I think—I hacked it off of me—"
Dean winks and then climbs into bed.
Dean whistles. “Thesis? Fancy.“ He winks. “You got tenure and everything?”
"I'm sorry," he says, and he means it. Dean's never been alone, not really; not that way. There's always been Sam. There's always been girls. There's always been
"Uh. Yeah." Dean tosses the pages to Cas. Cas doesn’t look at them: he doesn’t look away from Dean. "I think we need to talk about exactly what happened when you fell, buddy." He doesn't look in Sam's direction. It feels like a really personal question to ask.
Dean grimaces. "Cas," he says, hoarsely, into the side of his neck. "What if we're wrong? What if..."
It turns out, summoning the King of the Crossroads isn't going to be as tough as it seems like it should be. Probably because they've got the guy’s name. Also, summoning crossroads demons is old hat for them by now.
Like, uh. The contents of that drawer in Cas's bedroom.
"Dean," Cas murmurs, quietly. "It's okay. I'm okay. You're okay. Sam will be okay. You can stop, for now. You can experience it."
Dean doesn't actually think it's possible to black out from coming so hard, but he's glad for the hand on his mouth, now, muffling whatever loud yowl he makes as his eyes roll up in his head.
He stops. Dean can't stand the silence.
Everyone stares. Then Dean starts to laugh so hard he bends at the waist to keep from falling over. There might be tears in his eyes. Oh God, who's the bride in this scenario? And who's Christ? Well, Cas
Uriel's fist flexes and yeah, that definitely pisses the guy off. Next to Dean, Sam throws him a surprised look. Yeah, Dean hasn't really talked about all the things Cas told him. Some of it is too painful to even start to pick apart. Besides, it’s not like Dean can even explain how he knows, just knows, that a thirty-something-year-old religious studies professor from Illinois is the one who rescued him from Hell. Even though the timing of it makes no fucking sense at all.
Goddammit, Dean is not gonna screw this up.
Dean knows that in the not-so-distant past, that sort of request would have at least made him uncomfortable, but now? Now it sounds pretty damn good. "Yeah," Dean agrees quietly. "I think we can manage that."
"I don't need to," Cas murmurs, and his breath on the newly damp skin tingles sweet and bright. His finger traces the very edge of the handprint on Dean's opposite shoulder, and the little flare of pain underneath it is like the bite of good whiskey. Or like anticipation. "My mark is on your shoulder, and now my words are scribed on your bones."
But Dean could print Cas’s skin with his teeth, his fingernails. Dean definitely does have bruises on his forearm, under his flannel, and they feel better than any bruises he's had in his life. Heh.
Crowley puts a hand to his heart. "Then I’m sure you'll let me go out of the goodness of your own hearts?"
Yeah, Dean gets that, too. He's done it before. Hell that's how this whole thing got started, in a way: Dean made a unilateral decision or twelve. "I understand," Dean says, eventually. He does.
"Mm, yes. Right there." Cas opens his eyes wider and smiles down at him. His breath is coming in little pants. For that matter, so's Dean's. "Now who's a tease?"
But Dean's done, panting, his hand shaking and twinging with pain. He didn't scrape hard enough to break skin; he doesn't think he punched hard enough to crack bone. He grabs for his phone—
At this point Dean surrenders—or, at least, lets Sam believe that he has. God only knows what Sam might be capable of in this state. Once Sam is out of the room, though, he calls Bobby right away. Warns him about Sam, and they make a tentative plan about how to handle it.
Dean wants to reach out and catch his hand as it draws away, but, well. He won't, and the amused glitter in Cas's eyes as he wanders back over towards Sam makes him wonder if Cas knows it.
But the girl standing over Sam has honey hair and terrible, cold eyes too big for her face. She’d be pretty, but the eyes aren’t just dead, they’re
Dean clamps his mouth shut as his throat closes.
"Damn, Cas, aren't you pretty," Dean blurts out. He'd be embarrassed about how sloppy and husky he sounds, especially since he's talking about another guy's cock, but shit, that is so hot. It's pretty damned obvious that Cas is as into this as Dean is. That this feels
At some point, he ended up on top of Dean, and his friend--is that what they are, still? Castiel doesn't know, and he can't think about that right now--is grinning up at him, looking
. Like something huge is tucked inside the skin, and he’s not finding the packaging all that comfortable.
"Hey," Sam says casually, passing Dean as they exchange spots—Sam to the bathroom, Dean to his duffle and clothes. "That's looking better!" He points to the handprint on Dean's shoulder and it takes everything inside Dean to shrug the comment off.
The last of the demons on their side of the door screams its way into... well, wherever the fuck it is that demons go when they die. The floor is slippery with blood, but none of it is theirs. Dean's got a few bruises, and he might be carrying himself like something hurts—it does—but that's not gonna keep him from his little brother. Nothing's gonna keep him from Sam.
"So how's your detox going?" Sam asks.
Cas smiles at him and his fingers linger on Dean's skin before pulling away fully. It occurs to Dean that Cas is looking as excited and nervous as Dean sort of feels, and that somehow takes the edge off Dean’s nerves. Dean doesn’t really care about what’s ‘normal’ and ‘not normal,’ and he’s never gotten any sign that Cas does, either. For some reason, that takes a lot of the pressure off.
Lilith laughs. "Little angel, pretty little angel, haven't you heard?" She shakes her head, pityingly. "That's not the plan anymore! Go along, run along now, and tell your bosses I say 'hi...'"
Not gone—they'll probably never be gone. But Hell isn't occupying as much space in his noggin anymore.
It reminds Dean a little too much of the looks that he and Cas share, and that idea is making him just a little uncomfy.
'Bloomin' is about the most wimpy curse word Dean's ever fucking heard.
"How?" Dean asks desperately. "We met like six seconds ago."
"His name is Sam," Dean growls. "His name is Sam, and he's a person; he's my brother, and he's more than some
"So. What's the verdict?" Sam asks.
Dean looks up. His brother looks kind of freaked out. Oh, it's probably his first time taking angel express, come to think of it.
It occurs to Dean a second later that Cas flew them here: Cas can probably fly him right back to the doorstep of the motel he and Sam are sharing. But he doesn’t say anything about that. Neither does Cas.
The blood is revolting, but the look on Sam’s face, dark-eyed, smiling, radiant, is worse. He sighs, and straightens like he’s unfolding from a cocoon. He licks his lips.
He looks at them, between them. "I think that's why the narrative in these stories is… different. In these, I am a soldier of Heaven, a... a tool. Sympathetic to your cause, but ultimately, misguided. As I was for so long."
"I don't sleep anymore," Cas answers. He nuzzles in closer and presses his face into the nape of Dean's neck. "But getting to hold you through the night was very pleasant, and watching over your sleep was soothing."
He feels Cas coming before he even realizes it's gonna happen—even before Cas's hand goes still around himself, wedged between them. Even before the first hot spurt decorates Cas's belly and his own. Because
Since there's nothing really else Dean can say other than 'please don't vaporize my angel,' he just completes the arc and puts the jalapeño popper into his mouth. He chews. It crunches real nice, a warm curl of cheese melting on his tongue, spiced with a pickled jalapeño.
Dean licks his lips and fumbles for the lube Cas dropped a few kisses ago, pressing it back into Cas's hand. "Maybe, uh... y'know?" he offers, because 'hey, what about now?' sounds weird, and he doesn't know how to even verbalize what he wants to maybe kind of try.
Sam looks a little flustered, and he seems to be searching for the right objection that won't piss Dean off. "But… he's an angel?" is what he settles on.
Yeah. Yeah, okay. That’s fair.
"Oh, it looks over to me, junkless," Dean spits, staring at the spot Cas was when he exploded.
Dean chortles a little. It tickles, but the warm buzz of connection feels even better. "I mean, yeah. We're as likely to be hit upside the back of the head, or something." He chuckles and curves his hands over Cas's hips, letting his fingers splay gently up and down his sides. "But I meant that my boxers are gross, buddy."
Because Dean's genuinely not sure, between Sam and Cas, who he'd let live and who he'd choose to die.
for those weeks when we thought the grace had killed him! The way you were acting, I was really worried you were gonna just… just fade away, or worse, get yourself killed, and I didn’t even know why! And now you’re telling me it was because of Castiel? This guy you'd known
Dean wakes up when he can no longer blot out the sun with his closed eyelids. Cas is having better luck: his head is tucked into the corner, chin propped up on Dean's scalp. Dean wants to stay there, but his bladder has other ideas.
Castiel looks away first. He has to.
Cas breathes in, slowly, and out. "It won’t matter what he wants, now," he says. He doesn't sound embarrassed of it, or ashamed. "But... that's what I suspected, yes."
Cas's touch deepens without him moving—seriously, this dreamscape shit is like the wild wild west of rule-breaking. Comfort is radiating from it: somehow, Dean can feel Cas brush past his face and shoulders, and it's ephemeral but tangible. It's the warmest non-hug he's ever had. Cas's eyes go a bit bluer. "I'm working on it."
The nervousness is mostly gone now, burned away by the perfect hitch of Cas's chest and the incomparable grip of Cas's body.
All of the prep work in the world is no substitution for pure dumb bad luck, though. Dean stops to piss, and comes back out of the bathroom to Sammy and 'Nick Monroe.’ Shit.
. "Please leave."
Beside his brother, Jimmy startles. "…seriously?"
"Can I...?" It feels stupid to ask as he's already fiddling with a button—hell, as he's already got his hand molded around the guy's cock right through his pants—but Dean's always been good with permission.
Dean whines. "Fuck. Jesus, Cas. I—"
Though that might be fun one day. When there wasn't a cantankerous old man and Dean’s baby brother between them and a bedroom and shower.
"Thanks," Dean retorts, casually. "But if you have complaints about how the human body works, take it up with your dad. I got a list, too, if he's got his ears on."
His mood sours for just a second at the thought of Sam, and...
"Er." Sam blinks. "Breakfast?"
Dean sighs and scratches the back of his head. "I don't know," he says, and he's not sure who he's saying it to.
"Amelia," Jimmy calls out. "I'm going to talk to these boys in my study. Start without me."
When his phone rings, though, Sam sounds weirdly excited? "Dean, Nick—he's had a breakthrough in the case!"
” Dean lets out a stifled little grunt of laughter at that. “My Ph.D was out of genuine interest in the subject, but not for the reasons my parents probably assumed.”
Dean laughs and drops his head. Fine. It's not like he doesn't want to wrap Cas up into that dorky trench coat of his and handcuff them together anyway.
"Okay, buddy, I don't even know what that means," Dean grumbles. But he's eagerly crawling on top of Cas and settling down on top of him. Cas rearranges his legs, and Dean's breath comes a little fast at the feel of Cas's thighs pressing to either side of his waist, his hips. "Like this?"
Cas humphs. "He's not my type anyway." Then he pokes his fingers over his shoulder and towards Dean’s face. There's a small, browned pancake pinched between his thumb and forefinger, its edge dark and sticky with caramel.
He wakes with a start, and a scream in his throat that’s part fury, part fear. It’s still dark out, and dawn seems far, far away. Cas's hands are already petting him gently, shushing his strangled noises.
There's some debate about if they should stay another night or not. Dean doesn’t care: he's done his laundry, picked up a few things he needs and he's not going to call Cas away from something important for a second day in a row (no matter how much he wants to). The question is solved for them when Sam finds them a case that night over takeout Chinese.
Dean finally feels ready to spin around and face Cas, so he does, capturing Cas in one long, heartfelt kiss as he goes.
"Nope," Cas answers, head finally lifting from Dean's shoulder. He looks pleased, and unbearably smug. "Still my turn. I've got nearly two decades of frustration to work out."
in that slightly creepy way of most angels. Adam shuffles. He glances. He says, "I... um. Wow. I didn't know you existed. John never, uh, yeah."
Dean didn't think he could moan any louder, but it turns out, he's wrong. He might actually be running out of oxygen, because every time Cas's fingers press slowly in and rub in a tight circle at that stretch of muscle and skin, Dean's lungs lose air. Cas goes in for a second slow, deep suck where Dean's cock touches the back of his throat and Dean's entire body shudders with pleasure before Cas pulls back again.
"They've treated both you and your brother abominably," Cas continues. "I can't do much about that, but at least I can do something to help mitigate that in the future." He steps toward Sam.
Or "I don't even know how the fuck to live that kind of life."
"I'm not suggesting—"
out of his mouth. They might not have a choice, though.
Cas gets up enough steam to wash the rest of himself, and it makes Dean more and more sure it's not just that burst of grace that he used that's left him this shaky. Before they get out of the shower, both of them pink and flushed and clean, Dean cups his face. Leans in and kisses him, under the spray. Some of it gets into Dean’s eyes, and he blinks it away.
The silence from Bobby's side of the phone is unnerving. "Listen, Dean, I love you like a son, but you ever speak to me like that again and I'm gonna reconsider my stance on whooping loved ones' asses."
He kisses Dean, gently. "But I'm not."
Dean wakes up to a hand slowly stroking his hair, and a slowly-breathing body under his cheek. They must have shifted sometime during the night. Dean's on board with the new setup though: it lets his hands trace the subtle contours of Cas's stomach.
Dean doesn't remember exactly when those times were—when John Winchester must have been spending baseball games with Adam, teaching him poker. 'Dropping everything, driving all night' when he found out he had another kid.
From outside, Dean hears Alastair's strange, whiny, whispery cadence. It starts with the same arrogant slant but it quickly loses something. Dean isn't listening to the words, but the noises cut off abruptly with one sharp scream, followed by what can only be described as a maniacal laugh that coughs out of existence. Through the thin spaces between the door and frame, angry amber light flashes for what seems like too long until it finally stops.
Dean finds a smile in himself. "Aw, well, who can resist you, Cas."
He's not sure why it didn't occur to him when he pulled into the empty lot, but the place is deserted when they walk in, all except for a single man He’s sitting at a long communal-style table piled high with what must be every item on the entire menu.
"I had been, perhaps, too strident in my complaints about the things that had gone wrong. I hadn't realized how closely I was being watched. I… was caught," Cas says, slowly. "On this realm, on earth? We use angel blades. We fight physically; our true forms would obliterate much around us, humans and physical structures alike. But in Heaven? It's… more. We are more, and the power can be… immense. I took a huge hit of energy when I was nearly done removing my grace—the equivalent of a supernova, I suppose. I had to sublimate it somehow, and, well…" both shoulders move in a tiny shrug.
Dean forgets to untangle their hands before returning to the kitchen. Sam gives their fingers curious eyes, but the burning need to prove something wrong isn't there. Mostly. Well, maybe there’s a bit of suspicion, but the biggest difference is that Sam stows it for later. He asks, instead, about the plans they've made for the thing with Crowley.
Cas sucks against the center of the palmprint, his tongue a sweet, teasing flick on his mouthful like he's licking across Dean's cockhead rather than his shoulder.
Cas smiles, a little brittle. "We are a part of each other, I think. I would miss any piece of me I was separated from."
With every fiber of his being, Dean does not want to hit the turn signal that would pull them out of the hotel lot and down the road to a cheaper motel for the night. He doesn't want to stop; hell, he's considering letting Cas behind the wheel to keep going. But he also knows that if they catch up too quick it's the end of this game.
Huh. Maybe that’s part of why Dean feels so light; he remembers the way everything about Bobby’s house felt a little gloomier, before.  He pulls another towel absently towards himself and wraps it around Cas's back, toweling off the water on him, too. He knows the water's cooling on his own skin, but with whatever-it-is humming between them, Dean doesn't feel cold anymore. Maybe he won't ever again.
Shit. Dean fucked this up.
He doesn't expect Sam to pipe up in the darkness of their shared motel room before he dozes off, though.
About one third of the way into the sketch book, there’s a drawing of a stained glass window. They pull into a motel parking lot to steal some Internet, but they find a promising lead. Sam even pulls up some photographs of a now-defunct church on his laptop: it matches nearly exactly.
"Also," Ruby chirps up from the open door, "before the demons get you. I don't think you appreciate how completely screwed we are."
Dean's lips thin, and he feels his shoulders bow. "We might." He sits down in front of his little brother, and slowly tells the story of their lunch date with Death.
Bobby snorts. "Who d'ya think made yesterday's pancakes? Certainly wasn't me."
But Dean's arm is around him, his head bent in towards Castiel's, and his nose is in Castiel's hair. He's still asleep. He doesn't seem to mind.
it feels. But Dean manages it.
Dean takes his hand and then wraps an arm around Cas’s waist as he steadies himself on his own two feet. Once they’re sure his knees will hold him, Dean lets go and starts to lead them out of the shed. "Oh yeah," Dean says, "this is gonna be all sorts of fun." He pauses briefly to raise an eyebrow at Cas. "Beware of Sam, the question asker. Get that kid excited about something and you practically have to hog-tie him to get him to shut up."
Crowley rocks forward onto his toes, the smirk curving up the edges of his lips. "It won't work on Lucifer, you know, pretties. Got to drop a much bigger house on that Wicked to make that work."
" There's a hand on the small of Castiel's back, over his shirt--and then it's under his shirt, calluses scraping up his spine.
Pamela gets Cas back awake nice and quick after that.
"I mean neither of you any harm," Michael repeats, and he looks about as bothered by Cas in battle stance as he looked by Dean holding an angel blade on him. "I only thought the grace in him is interesting." His gaze leaves Dean and fixes on Cas with just that same intensity. "Did you know you're acquiring a soul, little brother?" He squints. “A tiny little thing.”
Dean lets his head drop onto his angel's shoulder, feeling lighter than he's felt through most of the evening. And laughs.
"Your. Angel." Bobby's face is doing something Dean can't quite define. “Like… a guardian angel type deal? Those things are real?”
Why? Why did Cas do that?
And Dean knows that exact feeling, too: of realizing that his brother’s not what he thought
Dean's not sure he said anything aloud, but right now, he doesn't actually care. It takes a second to coordinate, since Cas hasn't stopped sucking on his skin, or drawing nonsense patterns on his shoulder. He certainly hasn't stopped thrusting his hips against Dean’s in the way that makes everything feel good. Still, Dean's a go-getter, so he eventually wiggles his right hand between them. Cas arches in a way that is ungodly hot and Dean briefly forgets what he's trying to do.
Sam shakes him awake. Dean would normally come awake swinging, but he hasn’t got the energy for it: he just looks dully at his brother. He’s got no idea where the rest stop is that they pull into. He wasn’t planning to get out of the car, but Bobby and Sam both natter at him until he pulls himself out and walks to the men’s room. His steps are steady. They probably find that reassuring.
"But maybe you can teach me a thing or two about bein' human, too, huh?" Dean whispers, and leans in to replace his thumb with his lips.
Sam slams in through the door, wide-eyed. “Guys, what—”
"Don't tempt me," Cas purrs.
Dean's head swivels to Cas, whose shoulders have locked up. He’s looking just about anywhere except at Dean. Oh, yeah. He knew.
Dean's right hand finds Cas's left. Their palms meet and then shift so their fingers can thread together. The bandage on Cas’s left forearm is very, very white. "Hi." Dean feels strangely shy, like Cas can see him, all of him—even the dark corners that Dean likes to pretend don’t exist.
A street preacher in front of the Century Hotel, holding a thin, ragged placard saying "Have you made time for God today?" leans over towards him. His eyes are clear, and a little too bright.
As the sun begins to set, they drift closer together, words getting more and more hushed. It's not like the sunset of the night before, which felt new and promising. This one is a hunter's sunset, but it's the first one that's ever put this sort of pit in his stomach.
seem to be up his ass most of the time. But Anna doesn't seem... right. Her eyes are bright and shining, and a little fanatical. "I'm so glad I found you."
He and Cas end up getting hung up at a nasty pile-up on the highway, though, that takes hours to clear—Dean tapping his fingers with increasing irritation on the edge of the window, and swinging his head out to take a look at whether the red lights of taillights stretching out before them have moved any. They take the first exit off it that they can, and this time, Cas does dig out the maps.
All of a sudden Dean's throat goes tight. Cas's hand is heavy and warm on his shoulder.
It's not okay. It's the last goddamned thing from okay, what is Dean even doing? He should be rolling Cas under him and licking him back until his voice breaks. He should be—
"No," Dean gasps, "No, I definitely meant ‘tease.’"
Cas, like he can't help himself, starts moving towards him, and touches Dean's shoulder—not the one with the mark, the other one, and Dean's glad. There's such a thing as too intense. There isn't forgiveness in that touch for what Dean did. It's like Cas thinks that there's nothing Dean did that needs forgiving.
"Hey, uh, can I... ask you something?" he asks, because this is probably going to turn into one of those things he can't ask with Cas actually looking at him.
Anna stares at him like he's speaking a foreign tongue.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas ducks his head and a slight blush graces his cheeks. "Oh. No, this was… it was self-defense. Not from angels. I was a very young professor." He shrugs, folding his hands between his knees. "And then after a while, it just became comfortable."
good the first time, and I was looking forward to more!"
(It doesn’t seem to be a good time to point out that it looks like Cas
Cas cocks his head a little to the side, and his gaze isn't sad or disappointed or happy. Just... accepting, in a way that Dean's never seen on anyone's face before. "Alright. I will do it." But he raises a hand and gently touches Dean's wrist, pressing the knife hilt back towards him. "Keep it. I like the thought of it protecting you. I will use Uriel's."
. It must be a very special day." Castiel's amusement is all through his voice. When Dean glances at him again in the mirror, his smile is pink-edged, wide and catching—and he’s looking at Dean like he’s inviting him to share the joke.
"No," Cas grumbles, "but I'm sure I was thinking the same thing."
of them should have to deal with mildly hostile in-laws, alright? And can't you just imagine Cas showing up at the door with a hopeful look and a bottle of scotch? Seriously, wouldn't that have melted harder hearts than Bobby's?
Then his eyes drift over to Dean again. "But... I think I'll need more of my memories, first," he finishes.
"What do you mean, without me?" Dean asks, suspicious in a way he doesn't want to be. In a way he doesn't really feel. He doesn't move any closer, even though he has to clench his hands in fists to his sides to keep from reaching out and touching Cas's battered hand again. His ring is scratched-up, Dean notices, like from far away. But he can't take his attention off the sad little flex of Cas’s fingers.
Probably.
Cas shrugs, but at their proximity it's just a feeling of warmth moving up and down Dean's body.
want.
Cas raises a shoulder, not looking or sounding at all concerned. "No. I’m just not a very good angel."
human, the thought of—well. I preferred my original body." He gently pries Dean's head off his shoulder. Dean stares at him, something warm and wet on his eyelashes when he looks up. "I had to call in some very hefty favors, and do one or two of my own, to get my form back. It took more time than I expected."
There's no reason at all Dean should feel hurt by a little white fib, or even a big goddamned lie. He's known the guy twelve freakin' hours. Cas doesn't owe him any answers. Dean can't even say they pulled Castiel’s and his brother’s asses out of the frying pan, because he and Sam sure as hell didn't know the sigil that Cas bled for.
That gets them to about 2 PM, and as they put all of the gear away in the places they'll want it come tomorrow evening, Dean considers what to do with the rest of their time.
They know what the Winchesters would do for family.
Cas comes over with two plates in hand, one loaded with bacon and eggs and one with just one strip and a few spoonfuls, and puts the big one in front of Sam. Dean scooches his chair over a few inches. Cas  sets his plate next to Dean’s and sits, with a perfectly respectable amount of space between them.
"Hey," Dean whispers. "It's almost noon."
Their lives are so fucked up.
Dean [Hey, sorry I had to go. You did great!]
“What?” He snapped out of it.
“Dean, you have been so obviously slacking in my class. I don’t know if it is because of this newly established friendly relationship, but it has to stop.” Castiel sighed. “Is there any specific reason you have been zoning out so often?”
“Dean, you know this is no joking matter.” His teacher scolded him.
The bell rang before he could read it. He grabbed his bag and hurried to meet Charlie by the art room, not giving an explanation to Benny.
“I’m sorry” she sniffled.
“Hey, you looking for a drink two nights in a row?” Dean asked with a casual smirk.
The week after the arcade went off without a hitch. Sam and Dean fell into a sort of routine. Sam would go from school to practice then home. Dean would go from school to practice and then to work. Monday was his lucky day and he was glad he made the most of it.
Dean was off to work at “Singer’s Auto Repair” where he worked weeknights after practice, but Sunday’s were usually free for him so he picked up an extra shift here and there. He turned on some low music and hummed along mindlessly. He was early to work at 11:30 as per usual. 30 minutes was no big deal, Bobby had come to expect this of the teenager. Bobby knew Dean all his life, just like Ellen. Only, Bobby knew John when Mary was alive and well.
This one is pretty good. It does have a SEXY scene so beware if you don't want that. Dean goes to work and get's a surprise visitor and then he goes to a party and has more fun than expected.
Lunch went back and forth on Dean’s radar. On days that he could bring food he was happy to hang with his friends, but days that he could not made him wonder if anyone noticed. He could not get that stupid ‘free-reduced lunch’ because someone would have caught on to John. When he did not bring food he scarcely had extra money to buy food — every cent that he made went away towards the first few months rent on a new apartment. Even if they did not notice, his teammates would give him bags of chips here and there, but they never knew the extent of Dean’s struggle. In their defense he did a very good job at hiding it.
When he arrived at the party he was starting to feel a little buzzed from his shots at the bar. He immediately found the kitchen and the beer. Over the loud music he couldn’t even hear himself think, though maybe his thoughts weren’t the best place for him to be right now. He grabbed a few cans of beer, poured one into a cup and took the other two out onto the patio to shotgun them. Tonight was his night to get drunk and he was not going to waste it.
“You are quite possibly the worst friend on the entire planet,” Dean said in a low voice as he turned to Charlie.
The two families went their separate ways.
When his teacher said that he was on his side he couldn’t help but feel different, like he finally had someone who understood and didn’t judge. Someone who he could really trust and talk to on a regular basis, almost like he had a new friend. It would take a while, but Dean knew this was the start of something important. Dean often found that Cas would look at him behind the bar. He wasn’t sure if it was because he was worried or something else, but he just kept bringing them drinks anyway.
“I’ll have a Western Omelette with spinach and broccoli instead of onions please. If you can do that, if not that’s okay.” Lisa was oddly nervous. Dean thought it was very cute but knew he still couldn’t do anything about it.
“Ready for this…” Castiel sat on the bed before Dean and leaned forward. Their lips met crashing into each other, hands reached out to caress the younger boy’s body.
Around 1 in the morning is when Dean heard the front door slam open. An obviously drunk John stumbled into the living room where Dean was sitting. Sam had retired to bed a few hours ago, but Dean flicked the channel to Dr. Sexy and lost track of time.
Before he could ask another question their food came over. They both thanked Dorothy and went right to eating. The waffle was so good that Dean all but moaned when he bit into it. Balanced perfectly with whipped cream and strawberries, no syrup needed. He moved to the bacon after to balance the sweet with the salty. Lisa looked at him and laughed.
“I’m s-sorry what was the question?” Dean was thankful that there was a desk covering his lower half because he could have been in big trouble with the whole class looking at him again
“Yeah, all the
[How are you?] - DELETED
It was starting to hurt to hold it in. “I-I, Benny, I’m so close…” Dean trailed off trying to last a little bit longer in his inebriated state. He felt Benny’s lips curl. His eyes widened as realization struck him. He was not going to stop. That was the last thought left before he saw pure white scenery as he came down Benny’s throat. The lips around his cock became tighter as he swallowed the load.
He had practice.
He sent a text to Sam before he left.
Today he had a ham and mayonnaise sandwich and a bag of chips someone instinctually threw his way. He laughed with his teammates, even Crowley. Lunch seemed to be the one place where all prior dispositions fell away. Benny gave him a wink from the table a little ways down, he smiled and brushed it off. The football players always left the lunchroom a few minutes early to get to their next class, or to just goof off in the hallways.
“As if! Don’t worry you won’t catch me caring about you again!” She huffed. “What time do you have to leave?”
[Hey!] - DELETED
Once all the homework was filled out and neatly placed in his backpack he hopped in the hot shower. The water washed away the dry sweat and the overall stench of the day. His favorite part of every shower was using the cucumber body wash that made him smell clean. The sweet soap spread over his body with ease. His back hit the cold tiles at his side as he relaxed. All tension in the dirty-blonde’s body had been released. Soon enough the water started to run cold and Dean turned off the faucet.
“Uhh, he’s 13, graduating middle school this year,” Dean laughed lightly. “I can’t wait to bully him all of next year.”
“Ha ha ha” he said dryly cracking a smile.
“I don’ think so.” Dean sounded like a little kid even to himself, like he was thinking about everything that he could have done wrong. Aside from getting a hard-on for his teacher in the middle of class and fantasizing about his teacher in inappropriate ways, he was pretty sure he was in the clear. Unless Cas could read minds.
“Gasp, Charlie, I would never.” Dean laughed in a mocking posh accent. Although he did not cheat he knew Kevin would not mind. The amount of times Dean saved him from the football team was through the roof.
“Can I come over?” Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper. His voice was shaking and tears kept rolling down his face.
“So I heard from my new friend here” The old Bearded man gestured.
Dean turned up the music “Sorry, what was that I couldn’t hear you!” He cackled again.
“Just go to the garage, I’ll meet you there. It is Building C. The number is 1547.”
“I’m sorry Cas, I mean, Mr. Novak, I have to go. Charlie and I are studying for a test we have next week. I’ll see you next Friday?” Dean was whirring around the room toward the door with his backpack over his shoulder in a flash. He said a final goodbye and left. Castiel barely had time to react to the situation before Dean was gone, he mumbled a ‘bye’ to the closed door of his classroom and went back to whatever he was doing before Dean walked in. He did have to admit, he liked the sound of Meg’s nickname hanging off Dean’s lips, even if it was just a slip up.
He was constantly pushing past people who muttered half hearted complaints and he could not care less. After he was finished with two beers he pulled out his pack of cigarettes, which he swore he only smoked when he was drunk. The smoke rolled off his lips as he leaned against the side of the house and the door opened. All the other kids out there were smoking too so he did not look out of place. Benny just so happened to be the one that walked through the door. He did not see Dean at first and went to go talk to some other kids that were out there.
English homework always seemed to trip him up. He blew through his History textbook reading. Math was done before the school day was over. Science is work in class most of the time, but Mrs. MacLeod was so hungover today they didn’t have anything. Spanish consisted of only simplistic worksheets and the new teacher would be giving them more of the same. Something about English made him scratch his head, Advanced Placement was not helping his case. The essay outline they had to take home should have been easy, but it took him nearly an hour to get quotes from the right sources.
Dean sighed in relief and walked back into the garage to finish up his work on the last car of the night. The belt was basically torn to shreds. After an hour or so the clock finally hit 9pm and he cleaned up his station, wiped any and all grease he could see off his body.
“Right I know that, I just wanted to get through the day a little faster, I’m sorry for interrupting your class. I do, however, need to talk to you about what was said…” Dean trailed off getting more shy and tracing his thumb over the necklace his brother gave him a few years ago for Christmas.
Charlie and Dean knew virtually everything about each other. Sadly he knew her dad when he was still around. When Charlie’s mom got diagnosed with breast cancer he couldn’t get out the door fast enough, leaving an 11-year-old Charlie to care for her mother and herself. These past few months had been especially hard with Mrs. Bradbury on bed-rest. She was due for a double mastectomy in a few weeks to hopefully get rid of the cancer for good.
Dean pulled out his phone to check the time and it was already 3:30, and he was supposed to meet Charlie at 4.
“Uh, Art I think, it’s an easy stress reliever, then probably History.” Dean answered smoothly. “What’s your least favorite?” He countered.
“That sounds good.”  Dean sniffled. His phone pressed to his ear he could hear the man on the other end of the phone moving around.
“What if we meet once a week after school to talk? Fridays maybe?” Castiel suggested while rubbing his hands across the younger boy’s thumbs.
After the long trudge up three, no, four, flights of stairs Dean was tired and in no mood to deal with any of the MacLeods. Dean sat in the back of the class, waiting for Benny. The southern boy was sitting down next to him just as the bell rang. The red head at the front of the classroom looked about as terrible as the students in front of her.
His bike locked up and forgotten as the smell of burgers took over Dean’s nostrils. He couldn’t wait for his shift meal, granted that was at 11, which was three hours from now. Grabbed a card and clocked in on the old machine which clicked and wrote his arrival time on it, 7:45 PM. It didn’t take long for Ellen to notice him walking over to the bar.
To his surprise his dick was hard, his dream had felt so real. Since yesterday Dean hadn’t been able to keep his mind off his teacher even though he knew it was wrong. He had never thought Castiel unattractive albeit a little dorky, but he had never thought of Cas in this way either. Whatever it was he had to get it under control as soon as possible.
He was under a car doing an oil change when he heard a familiar voice. He nearly hit his head while getting out of his position. Since it was getting more into the fall the heat was usually on in the garage. The heat mant Dean was in a take-up and covered in grease. He brushed his hands on his jeans before walking towards this voice.
When Dean woke up it was around 5. He made a system for himself on weekends that he had to work. 8 hours of sleep. Maybe 8-and-a-half if he was lucky. Today was not one of those days. His alarm went off and he paid no mind, but just a few minutes later there was a loud slam of the front door. He was on his feet in seconds to check Sam’s room. When his little brother wasn’t there his stomach dropped.
Period 5: International Foods - Ms. Klein - 10:45 - 11:30
“Fuck,” Dean swore.
“Are you ready Dean?” The older man asked dropping his trench coat onto the floor
“Yeah, yeah I know the drill Dee, I’ll be in touch.” Sam said before he abruptly ended the phone call, without saying goodbye. Dean texted him anyway.
“Yes I am! I’m Dean and I’ll be your server tonight.” He snapped back into it and he smiled. “What can I get you two gentlemen tonight? Starting with drinks and appetizers? Just drinks?”
Once they were the last people in class they made their way out the door and turned their separate ways. Dean walked slowly in the direction of Mr. Novak’s classroom and thought about what he was going to say, what lie he was going to come up with.
The sight alone was enough for Dean to come into the sheets that were not his and not even care. A few seconds passed before either of them said anything. “That was amazing,” one of them sighed, blending together with all the sounds around them. They laid there with Dean’s head on Benny’s thigh and said nothing for a long time.
8 o’clock rolled around a lot faster than he thought it would and Dean found himself sad that he had to leave his new friend. Wow, two new friends in two days, that has to be some kind of record for Dean. He started to do all his side work so he could leave a few minutes early.
“Yeah, everyone really likes him, better him than Mr. Morningstar, he’s the devil.” Dean rolled his eyes and relaxed his stance, leaning into the conversation.
“It’s okay Dean, nothing I’m not used to” Castiel chuckled. “Meg will be back in a minute with my coffee, then we’ll talk.” As if on queue she walked in with three cups of coffee shaking in her hand, she put down two on Cas’ desk.
The feeling of stubble prickled his hand again and the boy brought it to his lips. Eyes fluttered shut and Castiel’s face was next to his again. They were laying down like they were in the school hallway, but the ground was soft. The ground shifted from the floor to a fluffy bed.
Just as Charlie was going to respond Mr. Novak walked in with a purpose to his steps. Dean started to sweat almost immediately. Today he looked different. Usually he wore his white button up with a blue tie — he must have had a million different blue ties— a black suit jacket with matching slacks and shoes. On top of all that he wore his iconic trench coat. Today he was wearing the pants, the shirt, the tie, but the jacket and coat were over his arm. Mr. Novak draped them on his desk chair and rolled up his sleeves.
Benny pulled away with a smirk plastered on his smug face. “It’s been way too long baby, you didn’t last that long. Do you wanna come again?” The somewhat submissive brunette gave an incredulous nod as he struggled against the hands around his wrists. Being blown by Benny was always an adventure for him, especially when there was alcohol involved.
“Let’s go,” She blushed slightly and slapped him in the arm. She grabbed a sweater that was thrown over the back of one of the chairs at the island in the enormous kitchen they were standing in. He followed her out the door grabbing her hand as she led them to his car. Baby, who she knew a little too well was the same as she would have remembered, including the same cassette tapes.
“Good baby, never forget it” Charlie snorted when she called him baby.
Jo started to close out all the remaining tabs and close out the register while Dean wrapped up his tasks and started packing up to leave. All there was left to do was wipe the bar, shut the lights off and lock up. He grabbed his keys and helmet to bid Jo a goodbye.
“And for you?” She said turning towards Lisa again.
“Hey,” Dean said head pounding from all he drank last night.
“I am twenty-six, although I don’t think that is an appropriate question either.”
“Dean this is not a joke, take off your shirt.”
Charlie’s heart broke for him, “Dean, it’s okay I’m here with you always, you’ll make it one more year, I’ll even pretend to be your girlfriend” she placed her hand on his forearm and stopped him from shaking.
He took his seat in the middle row and paid attention the entire time. Through some war and some important invention., today was the last day before Thanksgiving break so he wanted to make sure he did not miss anything about his teacher, that way he had material for the long weekend.
Period 6: Lunch - 11:35 - 12:20
“Oh, yeah he’s fine, you wanna head to breakfast, my diner is 24 hours.” Dean snapped out his thoughts about how gorgeous Lisa really was. He smiled and moved over to her, almost close enough to kiss. A hand was soon placed on her shoulder and he kissed the top of her head.
The line backer’s member was teasingly pushed against the clenching hole until he rammed himself in without any warning. Dean screamed for anyone listening close enough to hear that he was being fucked dry by his teammate. "I love the way your body reacts to my dick. When you arch your back and call out my name, I love it." Benny huffed and moaned as he repeatedly slammed himself over and over again into this juicy ass.
“You sure?”
“Okay! We’ll be out of your hair for the rest of the night then!” Dean pepped up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, Dean. Stay on the phone until I have eyes on you please.”
Night was his favorite time to ride. Everything was calm and quiet. He had to ride 20 minutes to his other job and it was always better to be early. The roads were all but clear at 1 in the morning so he made it to the Diner before 1:30 which was nice because that meant he could take a quick power nap in the office. The only downside to working the graveyard shift on the weekends was all the kids that he knew coming in from parties.
It was not until Benny let out a disgruntled noise that they stopped in fear of getting called out. Dean’s mood shifted quickly and the southern boy took notice. There was a response on his phone.
He put his arm around her and smiled. “Well, Friday work wasn’t too bad. Saturday was long… too long for my liking. I introduced myself to this nice girl at work, I think you’d like her actually. The par-“
Dean placed their check down at about 12:45 AM. He said “Your cab is going to be here in about 10 minutes. I would finish your drinks and go home.” And walked away before either of them had seen his phone number. He watched them carefully as they gave Jo the card and struggled to get up. They looked over to Dean a few times, but he trusted that they knew he was just worried about them. Once the card came back they left and the door slammed shut behind them in the fall wind.
At around 12:30 Dean decided that the two men had enough to drink. While he liked having them there and the rest of the place had died down, he knew that them staying any longer would go against his good conscience. He called them an Uber, gave them their last round of drinks, and the check — which against his better judgement he left his phone number on. He wrote “let me know when you’re home safe” on it.
Once his red-headed friend finished yelling to her mom about what kind of pizza they were getting she found Dean in the kitchen getting plates and a tray for her mom.
“Bitch” was all Dean needed to say. He readjusted himself in the driver’s seat and started the car.
“I’ve been pretty good lately, even got myself a second date this week. Speaking of which can you close Wednesday night?” Bobby looked like he was blushing at just the thought of seeing this woman again.
“Not until I get there.”
Period 7: AP Human Anatomy - Mrs. MacLeod - 12:25 - 1:10
“This is my teacher, I told him to come here because of your good prices.” Dean all but blurted out.
“No, Lisa, you don’t want this, I’m a mess, plus there’s Benny now, and I just, I need to make it to January and then I should have enough saved up for an apartment.” Dean let out a big breath.
He moved his arms out in front of him for them to see his scars, feeling not so ashamed all of a sudden. This was his territory and there was nothing his teacher could do. But when he looked over there was this sad, worried look on Castiel’s face, he couldn’t help but but his arms behind his back.
“Of course! What can I get for you guys tonight?” Dean asked cheerfully.
“Cas is fine, as long as it is after school, I come to your job, not once, but twice. You have earned it.” He said somewhat sternly with a small smile.
“Sounds good boss!” Dean whirred away to Ash and Jo letting them know he was picking up tables one through four.
Dean’s smile spoke nothing but mischief. “I’m sure I can think of something.” To be honest any time spent with Sammy was fun. “I have some homework I gotta wrap up, then I’ll shower. There’s some salad in the fridge from the other night, if you want a snack before we go out.” The older brother’s voice faded as he ran upstairs with his backpack.
“Sorry for what?”
They took the 20 minute drive into town away from “rich people territory” as Dean liked to call it. The McMansion that the MacLeod’s owned was on the outskirts of the suburbs, Dean lived closer to the inner town in a much smaller neighborhood, and the diner was in downtown Lawrence.
Period 4: AP European History - Mr. Novak - 9:55 - 10:40
“Yeah yeah, I love you too, now go get some homework done.”
Page one and two flew by for Dean, but there was an open ended question that took him a few minutes to get past. The final quadratic equations were easy enough to do with the calculator. The test was very similar to the study guide and he had been over most of the materials last year in Algebra 2.
“I’m - I’m so sorry” The football player hurried to explain, unable to move away just yet.
“You really don’t care that he’s like 9 years older than me?”
After one episode it was time for Dean to head out. “Bye Sammy!” He yelled up the stairs.
He slid it off his arms and exposed his upper half. There were a few more of the same circular burn marks up his arms. There was a large bruise across his ribs that was yellowing, indicating it was a few days old. On his shoulder Cas could see a small cut that led to more on his back. He stood and walked around Dean like a predator stalking its prey. Inspecting his back which was also filled with scars, but they looked more like a whip, a belt. The teacher reached out instinctively to touch one of the old scars which made Dean’s entire body twitch with anxiety.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good to know, will you give me a discount if I go there, my muffler has been making a funny sound.” Castiel quipped back.
“Yes, Sir.” Dean stood up even straighter if that was possible. “Should I take the car or my bike, Sir?”
Charlie was waiting for him by the door to Ms. Masters’ classroom. She was holding something that Dean could not quite make out. She quickly jutted her hand out and gave him an answer to the unspoken question.
“Yeah, I’ll send you my address. Stay on the phone with me until you get here?”
“No, Dean, I want this.”
“What’s up Dean?” Bobby finally said after what seemed like an eternity.
“Good, how about you?” Dean had always liked Bobby, probably more than his own father at this point. He once took Sam in when Dean was sent to a foster home. John had just left them for one of his hunting trips when they were just 7 and 3 years old. John came back eventually and that’s when things got really bad for Dean, especially as he started to question his sexuality.
"Give her your sweatshirt”
TRIGGER WARNING ⚠️: Use of offensive language and graphic description of abuse
“Hey, didja miss me?”
Dean’s day was going fine and his shift was almost over. He had to get to the roadhouse by 8 to cover part of Jo’s shift. He kept checking the clock, because he forgot his watch back at the house. No way was he going back there with Sam and his GIRLFRIEND.
Dean knows he's right, but he doesn't have to like it. "I'm gonna check on Sammy," he growls, and stomps off towards the stairs. He pauses at the bottom, taking a deep breath. Dammit, for like half a second he thought they might have it: a way out without soul-destroying consequences. He shoulda known.
Dean blinks and Cas lifts up, his ab muscles contracting, the dick in Dean's hand moving into an aborted shallow thrust, so he can kiss him.
Dean hears himself blurt out, "No, they won't," before he lets himself think too hard about it.
But Cas just shakes his head. "I don’t know everything, but I know I rebelled. Do you know who else did that?
"Okay." Dean straightens off the hood and relaxes his arm, giving the fabric of his jacket enough slack to slip off. Next, he slides the plaid flannel shirt down his arm. All that's left is the t-shirt: the sleeve doesn't quite cover the bottom of the palmprint with his arms at this angle.
But they're at the church before they hit another stop light, the sun edging over the church and catching on the steeple in a flash that makes Dean shade his eyes through the windshield. There's an old sedan half-on and half-off the gravel, tipping into the grass by the side. Dean checks his bullets before they get out.
"I think," Dean eventually pants when he finally finds some balance, but he's not letting go of Cas just yet. Can't. Won't. "If we try anything more complicated than that, I may die when I come."
Well, generally, being near Cas can do things to his brain. But they're nice things, mostly, and Dean doesn't really have many complaints.
Miraculously, we made it through a chapter without them having sex on a surface of the Impala. Will this last? Only time will tell. Hope you lovely readers are looking forward to the next chapter, because we had such fun with it!
Dean's head pops up so fast he nearly clips Cas's jaw. "Excuse me?"
"I think we use that term very differently," Dean murmurs, but he's already starting to get lost in the way it feels having
Slowly, Dean can feel some of the muscles beneath and around him soften and relax. When the thigh draped onto Dean’s hip feels less like marble, Dean lets out a long slow breath he didn’t realize he'd been mostly holding. "Better?" he asks.
He doesn’t remember moving, but comes back to himself to find them pressed together against the passenger door. Cas is clutching him tightly, hand still pressing gently on Dean's shoulder. They're breathing hard, hell, they're just
It felt really fucking awesome when Cas moved against Dean, so is it gonna be just as good for Cas if Dean does the same? He gives a shaky push upwards with his hips to find out.
Cas sighs, his legs spreading wider, and he starts pulling Dean on top of him and into the cradle of his hips. His hands reach down, slide over Dean's ass on top of his boxers, and the pressure of it rolls their hips together. Cas gasps softly when their erections brush through two thin layers of fabric. Dean rests his forehead into Cas's sternum, trying to catch his breath.
But Castiel isn't paying attention to Sam. "Everyone said you were a dream. All my life. You always said that, right, Jimmy? But I knew," he says, and there's an expression on his face that Dean thinks he should recognize—a little tip to his head, a little curve of his lips. It’s… sweet. "When the voices said 'Dean Winchester is saved...' I didn’t know. But I’m so glad."
Yes, Dean wants that, and just the thought of it makes his cock catch on the wet on the inside of his boxers.
doesn’t think Inias was doing anything but parroting the party line when he spouted out that bullshit. Dean Winchester’s just a hunter: a damned good one.
"Dean..." he breathes out, disbelieving. Any moment now, Dean's going to pull away. It was just a casual touch. It shouldn't have meant anything.
"You too good for bacon, now, Sam?" Bobby growls, taking a nearly vicious bite of a piece. It snaps between his teeth like good bacon should. "Or to say good morning?"
Goddammit, Dean's always been pretty smooth, but the words are just
It's a ridiculous thing to say.
that shudders through him. Only Dean’s fingers digging into the bedsheet keep him from just coming on the spot—that, and the knowledge that there's more than this, that they can have more than this.
But just 'cause they're angel-married doesn't mean that Dean ever got to say the words. He didn't even realize he might want to say them, before now.
"Were you always so smug, or did you have to wake up human to do that?" Dean growls.
"You can have it, if you want," he says, with a little chuckle. So he likes the idea of Cas in his clothes, ain't nothin' wrong with that. "That pattern looks damned good on you."
He pauses, too.
Dean flashes his best grin at him. "Let's go kick some ass."
"Holy fuck," Dean rasps. "I mean, seriously. I have been missing out." He kisses the closest patch of skin he can find—in this case, the angle of Cas's jaw. Underneath him, Dean can feel Cas shudder and then hold himself unearthly still. There's a hot, hard brand against Dean's inner thigh and hell yeah, Dean needs to help with that right now. He might even be drooling.
From behind him, Dean feels Cas shove the hilt of his angel blade into his other hand. Cas can still hide his knife in some sort of multidimensional neverending pocket of a sleeve he wears. The cold metal of it brushes Dean’s thigh.
There's also no good way to say 'your dead brother's maybe girlfriend except no, fuck, no came to me in a dream, and told me to come here.' Hell, he hasn’t even really explained it to Sam other than to say “Cas got a message to me and we gotta go.”
Benny called next to which Dean was slightly worried. He was good at pong but he also didn’t want Crowley to hate him anymore than he already does. They hopped on the table and started to play. It was fun and pretty intense if he was being honest. The first round they got balls back and Crowley sneered at Dean. A few rounds had passed and Dean went for the bounce and made it. The crowd that had surrounded them were half on Crowley’s side and half on Dean’s side, old captain versus the new. They all erupted with noise as Azazel took away two cups. It was finally down 2-3. Although Dean was in the lead, he knew he could not win, mostly because it was Crowley’s house. He purposely threw his next shot and the next round they won. Though the gloating was almost intolerable he let them take the win, Dean didn’t need to prove anything. Benny squeezed his hand knowingly and smiled warmly at Dean.
“Bye Jessica, your dad is just outside.“ Dean smiled. He walked away so they could say goodbye. He promptly eves dropped, though all he heard was an awkward goodbye, a ‘see you at school,’ and a kiss. The door closed and Dean snickered around the corner.
“Hah, yeah, I’m sorry again. Have a good day!” Dean tripped over his words and his feet as he put distance between them.
“Oh, my co-worker, we got to talking yesterday, it’s actually pretty nice to have a friend that’s out of high school. She understands the stupidity of cliques and drama. No one really should care who’s dating who, ya know?” He said in a quick breath, something he had been wanting to get off his chest to someone for a little while now.
“Nothing much,” the younger quipped.
I wrote something here, but idk what it was. Anyway, we love a smart boy.
“Yeah we absolutely can! Do you guys want anything to drink?”
First they head to the food court section. Sam got his chicken wrap that he said was to die for. Dean got a bacon cheeseburger, a classic if you ask him. They sat in relative silence as they ate and drank lemonade
“Doesn’t seem like it,” Dean said as Benny started to vomit into the toilet. He laughed and then got back to work.
“Do you need anything or am I good to clock out? [fill in later, girl who traveled from another dimension] just got here.”
Dean had to will his head to turn and meet those glaring blue eyes that scared him half to death just earlier today. He did it anyway and smiled politely. “We have mozzarella sticks, nachos, a new special boneless wings — which are just chicken nuggets with sauce, quesadillas, and we have a few homemade soups.”
“I’m sorry for snapping, just know that you made a very reckless decision that could have gotten you in a lot of trouble. Don’t ever do it again.” He finished on a serious note. Dean played with the bottom of his sleeve nervously and Mr. Novak’s eyes followed. “What happened to your arm again? The truth this time please”
“Mhmm, take off your shirt and let me see that chest, huh?” Dean’s face flushed. “That’s what I thought, Jerk.”
“Thank you very much, I really need a coffee to survive the rest of this day.” Dean said gratefully pulling a chair up to the desk.
After what felt like mere minutes the bell rang. Charlie was waiting for him outside their math classroom when he got there.
The dominant boy twisted Dean’s nipples and received a gasp in return. "From now on, I want you to tell me when you’re about to come. Am I clear?”
He had a towel from his shower this morning laying beside his bed. The same towel that he was now going to use to clean up the mixture of cum and sweat from his body. He quickly remembered that the toy was still inside him, though it was no longer on. As he pulled it out his body jerked from the overstimulation of his prostate. He threw it in the towel along with the lube and dumped it on the floor to deal with in the morning. Though this was the first night Dean fantasized about Mr. Novak, it certainly would not be the last
On Wednesday Dean had a little run in with Cas when he was replacing the muffler on his car.
Eyes wide he asked “What happened to your arm?” Using a very concerned voice
DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE!!! Guy's I'm so so so sorry this took so long to get out, my projects are not going well. Let me know how you guys feel about this one. Thank you for being patient.
“Dean wait,” Castiel called and motioned with his hand when the younger boy turned around.
“I’m on your side Dean, but I have to do something,” Cas trailed off walking over to the young man who had started crying. He placed his hands gently on Dean’s shoulders and repeated “I am on your side Dean, it’s okay.”
.” Dean spit out before he could chicken out.
(See the end of the chapter for
The house not only looked empty but sounded empty as well. Aside from the stilled breathing of Dean and his brother. They walked through the house on edge. The brothers simultaneously heard the back door open and close, they made their way into the kitchen and waited patiently for John to make his way to them. When he saw them there was an awkward smile planted on his lips.
“See me after class” his teacher did not look pleased with him. His stomach dropped at the thought of being in trouble, but his heart fluttered at the many thoughts of how his teacher could punish him.
“Cas, two creamers and three sugars. Dean, you seemed like the type to drink it black, but here’s two creams just in case” she threw them down on the desk he was standing at.
One more left turn when he was there, he slowed down to really take in the moment. He felt free. A smile spread across his face in the cold night air. He checked his watch for the third time that night and he pulled out back to park with the rest of his co-workers. I hope Ash is on tonight, Dean thought to himself. He took a deep breath before hopping off his bike, thanking whatever God there was that the Impala wasn’t there, but there was a funny looking pimpmobile in the parking lot out front.
His heart began to race after he sent it, immediately wishing he could delete it. He turned his attention away from his phone and towards Benny who was scribbling something in his notebook. After a hand was placed on Benny’s he stopped and looked at Dean. Dean pocketed his phone and took advantage of their shared table in the back of the room. Because Dean arrived early he got the best seats for them. It did not matter where they sat, just that they kept the same lab partners.
Sammy [hey, just pick me up from Alfie’s house after you get out of work, whenever that is.]
“Bacon and cheese” she replied into his chest-shoulder-area.
“Look,” Dean gestured to his girlfriend's shirt.
“Whatever, nerd. At at least I don't have a hickey on my neck the size of Jupiter." Dean huffed back immaturely.
Dean could practically hear his brother's infamous sarcasm and his bitchface through the text. He laughed to himself and turned back to Lisa who was looking out the kitchen window at some birds on the bird feeder. There was a small smile on her lips, for a second he just admired her beauty. Finally the birds she was watching flew away and she looked back at Dean. His eyes were fixed on her, thoughts trailed off to somewhere unknown.
“To be honest, I completely forgot she was here. I was headed home to see you, when I saw her dad's car in the driveway." Dean said, his mischievous grin fading to a brotherly smile.
There is a self love scene at the end, its long, but I worked really hard on it (female writing a gay man's pleasure of himself)
“Ha ha, Jerk. Think about this next time you wanna embarrass me.” Sam taunted.
“Oh, nice, you guys getting back together?” Sam asked on the other end of the phone. Dean was lost in the moment with Lisa as they stood there smiling at one another.
“What??? No!” Dean exclaimed, pulling down on his sleeves again.
[What is your brother ‘Luc’ full name?]
[I heard you make some good pastries, any pie over there?]
“DEAN” Sam scolded his older brother in the parking lot.
“Yeah, I did, I haven’t let loose in a little while and yesterday threw me for a ride.” Dean said honestly.
Starting with a slow pace was something Dean always liked to do to tease himself, he knew what he liked. The slick, lubed fingers were brushing his hole, before sliding two in with a small hum of pleasure. Dean fell back into his fantasy, but when he closed his eyes it was no longer Benny bending him over. He found himself imagining his teacher bending him over his desk. Although Dean was surprised, he ran with it —
“We’re going to do both.” The other man chimed in.
She leaned forward again kissing him lightly. “Friends then?” She asked sadly, knowing he was not going to budge on this issue.
Dean did not see his younger brother until Tuesday morning when he grabbed toast before heading to the bus. The older brother almost did not go to school himself, but he promised Cas that he would be there and he would be alert. He grabbed a coffee and an apple as a kind of joke to bring. He drank the coffee before fourth period and the apple was shining red in his hand as he brought it in before anyone else got there.
“Hey dad!” Dean started. “Sam has a soccer game tonight. Is it okay if we borrow the car?”
“Dean…” He cut her off with his finger trailing over his lips.
The rest of the day went off without a hitch. He saw Lisa at practice and threw a wink her way. Dean did not mean to but he was starting to pull away from Benny. There was maybe just too much happening in his life to support a massive crush and a ‘some-strings-attached’ relationship. Lisa had sparked something in him and made him want to focus on one person at a time and right now that person was Castiel Novak.
“Ready for what?”
Benny’s sultry voice became quiet while licking back up to Dean’s neck. The bottom boy’s legs were soon propped up on the other’s broad shoulders for easier access to the pretty pink asshole. Benny quickly slid a condom on before surprising Dean— be safe kids!
Charlie beat him there and saved him a seat. Class went by too quickly and all Dean managed was a few shaky scribbles and outlines. His leg was shaking non-stop, and his mind was racing about all the ways his conversion could go with his history teacher. The final bell rang too soon, but he slowly packed his bag and talked to Charlie about what time he could come over her house to study for the upcoming test they had in Math.
“Yeah, I’m going up this week, maybe I’ll bring back a sample for next Fri-“
The bell on the door rang and Dean looked up to turn whoever it was away, until he saw an all-too-familiar trench coat. Dean’s mouth dropped open for half a second until Cas’s eyes found him. He walked towards him with a purpose and cracked a smile as he did so. The eye contact never broke and they finally met, separated only by the bar. The teacher's hair was a mess and it looked ridiculously attractive, Dean wanted to reach out and run his fingers through it. He was wearing another plain t-shirt, but this one was red, and tonight his jeans weren’t ripped, just a little worn down.
Though his words clearly had little thought behind them, they hung in the air for a bit too long. Dean realized that his teacher had to pay attention to details. More importantly, Cas pays attention to him.
“why?" Sam asked, confused.
“You mean you think about history class when you zone out in history class?”
“What can I do to help Dean?” Castiel asked seriously, with his hand still on Dean’s cheek and his other resting on the boy's knee.
CLIFFFFF HANGERRR
Period 3: Pre-Calculus - Dr. Finnerman (Raphael's vessel's last name) - 9:05 - 9:50
“Well ya have absolutely nothing to apologize for. I can even delete your phone number if you want?” Dean said to calm him down.
(785) 809-0807 [we gottt home saf - Cas]
, bore
“Of course!” She smiled wide at the powder lacing Dean’s lips. Her arm reached out to gesture towards their last class of the day.
Dean   [Hey! Just saw this, I’m getting off work at 8:30, just so you know, I’ll be there around 9 then]
Sam sighed in response, “no promises”
[Hi, I don’t know if you remember me, but this is Dean]
“Not as long as I’m alive.” He held out his hand to help her out of the car, keeping the joke going a little longer. She stepped out of the car and linked her arm through his elbow and smiled at him.
“Yeah, yeah, alright, calm down.” Dean laughed and drove them home. The same song came on again, playing softly in the background to the hum of Baby.
At home Dean was thinking about the whole night. Castiel understood what it was like to be Sam of all people which he never thought anyone would come close to. This made Dean’s heart beat a little bit faster when he thought about his teacher.
“Piece of shit, son, fuck you.” The older man said as he retreated in the direction of his room. Dean laid there for a moment with white spots of pain blurring out his vision. Eventually he moved his arm to get his phone from his pocket. The phone rang twice before he started to cry silent tears.
“You were scared to talk to me? That’s funny, I was always nervous to initiate a conversation because you had to train me when I got here.” They laughed together for a little bit after that.
Gabriel 1:59pm
Castiel looked just as casual as the last two days Dean had seen him. A plain t-shirt, this one was dark maroon, jeans and his trench coat. But today as Dean stood there he noticed part of a tattoo peeking out from over his shoulder. It looked like the tip of a wing. For a split second Dean wanted to ask him to expose himself as he had made Dean do, make him feel vulnerable.
Dean’s fingers were fast to reply.
“Listen you don’t have to like it but you do have to wear it. I refuse to let you get hurt, especially on my bike.” Dean set him straight and he put it on. Dean got on first and Sam hopped on the back.
“Hey! Sorry about that, you know how my weekends are.” He excused his actions.
“Oi, don’t tell me what to do, he can handle himself” Crowley snapped back.
“And how old are you?” Dean felt like he was flirting but it was his teacher, he couldn’t be flirting, could he?
Once the teens were gone there was limited business as usual, a few families stopping for a bite to eat on a vacation of some sort, then the few homeless people looking for some water and warmth. Dean was more than familiar with a few of the homeless guys, they came by the Road House earlier in the night and then come here early in the morning.
“Oh shoot, yeah I forgot you went to Lawrence High”
“Tomorrow, no slacking off then, get off to cooking or whatever.” Castiel cringed because he should not have known Dean’s schedule as well as he did.
Thank you for understandingggg ❤️
Dean stumbled out of the small bathroom stall on the third floor of Lawrence High School, honestly a little more than buzzed from the whiskey sloshing around in his water bottle. It wasn’t his proudest moment, but he made it back to class and thought he was concealing it pretty well, aside from Charlie’s nudge and whisper “I can
“Hah! He’s not so little anymore. He’s going to be taller than me soon, but don’t tell him that. He got really into soccer actually, he’s looking good to make captain next year, as a freshman.” Dean said with stars in his eyes, the way he always did when he talked about his baby brother. Sammy was his pride and joy.
“Ugh, Benny” Dean all but moaned as Benny unzipped his work slacks.
“Yeah, I got everything.” Sam sighed with a twinge of sadness.
Dean grabbed his phone to check the time and it read 5:15am. Benny was still asleep beside him. In order to avoid waking him up Dean snuck out of the room and put his clothes on, no one seemed to be awake yet until he reached the kitchen. Lisa was in there making coffee and cleaning up because she’s just that good of a person.
“Why would you want to apologize? You guys were so much fun and tipped me REALLY well.”
“You see the open garage?”
“What’s up kid?”
“I’m not sure we’re friends yet.” Castiel retorted awkwardly and a bit confused.
"Yeah, I'm just waiting on Jess,” he said more calmly.
Dean did however notice Benny and watched the way his hips moved when he walked mesmerized by him, maybe that was the alcohol talking, maybe not. Either way he was well and truly fucked for the night. Once Benny laid eyes on Dean it was game over. They went inside together and ripped a few shots of whatever was left on the table, some vodka Dean thinks, something sweet, and something that tasted like cinnamon. After they maxed out on shots they went over to the, what seemed to be the living room, lord knows this house had too many rooms. Anyway the pong table was set up and Crowley was playing with Azazel, they were the kings of the table.
“Hey Sammy!” Dean called.
Castiel looked at him while fixing his tie. The younger boy was ready to run, but he needed to hear the words ‘I’m okay’ which followed quickly. “I’m okay, I’ll be alright. Just refrain from running so quickly in the hallway next time.” There was a small smile on his lips that reached his bright blue eyes.
“Alright, I have to work tonight, I’m dropping you off and I will be grabbing my stuff to head out as soon as possible.” Dean sighed, “Will you be okay alone?”
Dean 2:00pm
“Well, yeah that’s with studying and hard work” Dean laughed back. As he leaned forward to add a creamer into the rest of his coffee his ribs knocked against the desk and he winced.
Please don't read here if you are uncomfortable with this.
“Oh! Hi,” she replied quickly, startled by his voice. “I didn’t think anyone else was awake yet.”
Dean hit send before thinking about it and gasped as the bell rang.
“No, please, no more alcohol.” Cas sighed. “I came here to apologize for last night.”
"Oh, damn.” Sam said, stripping his sweatshirt for her. She happily accepted and put the hood to the right side.
“Drinking in school is highly frowned upon, Dean. I think you know that though” he said turning back to the chalkboard.
“Are you sure it was from bacon, Mr. Winchester?” Castiel looked at him intensely as if willing him to give him the real story.
“No it is not the power trip. I love history and I want to share it with as many people as possible, I figured that teaching was the best way to do that.”
“Yes Sammy, I’m sure!” Dean turned up the music and rolled down the windows. They both sang along.
“I like giiirlss too!” Dean exclaimed with a slur to his words which Novak picked up on, but skipped over for the time being. He walked back to the front of the classroom and continued his lesson on the Vietnam war.
“Take the car and hurry up.” John gained his composure again. When Dean pulled away he saw John pull out a cigarette.
“I’ll take a … whatever the fruitiest drink you can think of is, and my speechless brother over there will take a double scotch neat, top shelf, well aged..” The man across from his teacher responded with the same pep in his voice. Dean was just the tiniest bit relived that this cute brunette was related to Mr. Novak and was not his date. Partially because he thought both men were ridiculously attractive but also when he walked over, there was a pang of jealousy in the back of his mind.
It wasn’t long after that, that they all packed up and left. At least they tipped well, Dean thought to himself that Lisa probably had something to do with that. She hung back behind the other cheer leaders to say goodbye to him personally. She looked a little sad, like she knew what was happening to Dean, like she knew that he was so lost at the moment and just kept going anyway.
“Nah, I got the night off, you wanna do something fun?”
“You should see Sammy, he’s going to be taller than me soon enough.” Dean laughed setting down the tray as she sat herself up in bed.
“Yeah, listen just don’t get yourself or him in trouble. He seems like a half decent guy.”
“What can I help you with guys?”
“Okay, so then I am not the reason you are bored to death?”
Time flew by with the constant drink orders coming through and all the orders to be taken at the bar. He didn’t stop working for even a minute until about 12:30 in the morning and that was only because it was last call.
“That coffee definitely sounds good, when are you free?” He asked after she had a minute to let his words sink in. It seemed that she snapped out of a little daze of her own when he asked.
“That’s good that you’re making new friends, I’m proud of you.” Lisa said and Dean found a strange sense of comfort in the word proud, that was most definitely tracing back to his issues with John. However it was good for him and he was proud of himself. As much as he was the popular kid he was also the kid that took hits for his baby brother.
Sam thought about it for a minute while he was finishing chewing. “Yeah I should be fine, I’ll probably have Amy or someone pick me up.”
The bell rang after Cas had given them the chance to start the reading for tomorrow. Some obscure articles on the development of parliament in Europe Dean noted. He had taken AP World History as a sophomore so he had a little depth to his knowledge of Europe’s history. Thank goodness they did most of their work in class, he liked teachers that did not assign much homework.
yes,,, so Lucifer is Adam's father in this fic I have stuff with other children planned for the FUTURE!!
Just like that they were gone. Dean settled in for the night. He grabbed a bunch of napkins and silverware. He sent Ash on his way home for the night. Jo was manning the bar with a few people around at tables and bar stools. Dean was handling all the side work. He filled everything in the fridge and took out the trash before returning to the bar to roll silverware for tomorrow. The clock read 1 before he knew it, closing time.
“I’ll have the Waffle with extra strawberries please” He batted his eyelashes at her jokingly. She smiled and wrote down his order on the pad in her hand.
“Look, I’m sorry, I know its not preferable but I didn’t want to go all the way home and deal with John before coming here. I’m exhausted, please cut me some slack Sammy.” Dean sighed looking defeated.
Dean goes to work, and guess who's there ;)))
“Dean, I know the drill, I’m probably going to end up sleeping over at my friend Alfie’s house. Will you pick me up tomorrow after work?”
“I’m sorry I have to go get my brother now, it was actually so fun talking to you.”  Dean flashed her a wide, genuine grin and laughed. “I can’t believe I’ve been here since May and we haven’t talked this much.”
Dean put his shirt back on slowly, and he could feel his teacher’s eye on him. He remembered Charlie’s comment from earlier and he smirked as he looked up to lock eyes with the older man. Green met blue and Dean was not going to give out.
John was rooting through the fridge and looked up. He mumbled something under his breath.
“Yes ma’am,” He said smiling again as his usual facade came over him.
“It’s /Sam/” the younger boy huffed.
His teacher’s blue eyes looked up at him and the air escaped his lungs. His hair was not gelled in place like usual, it was messy and cute. His usual trench coat lay beside him on the bench, but instead of a button-up and tie he was wearing a tight black t-shirt. The jeans caught him completely by surprise though, Dean completely forgot he was working and not scoping out someone to hook up with.
“I won’t get in trouble if I’m right about this.” He watched as Dean was finishing unbuttoning his shirt.
“Ew! NO!” Sam exclaimed. “She’s just a /friend/ we like to go on adventures together, that’s all.”
Dorothy walked over to the table as their laughter died down. “Hey Dean!” She beamed and smiled at Lisa as well. “Oh! You were here the other night, the nice girl who tipped!” Dorothy smiled even bigger somehow.
He laughed and saved their numbers in his phone. He had almost completely forgotten how long of a day he had, but then those texts took him right back to when he was crying in his teacher’s arms. /It’s almost 8, it’s almost 8, it’s almost 8/. Dean kept repeating to himself, he couldn’t wait to go pick up Sam, his bed sounded /so/ good right now.
“Oh my goodness, he is five years my senior.”
“Oh that’s cute, you like the way he teaches because he won’t tell me if he’s good at his job. Too modest or something” Gabriel chuckled, something he seemed to be doing a lot of.
Dean walked into his History classroom but his teacher was not there. Charlie sat in the seat next to him and smiled. “How do you think you did? You didn’t even wait for me.” She asked her friend.
Dean looked at the clock over the kitchen sink, it read 6:50. He had an hour before he had to go over to The Road House. The sink was lined with beer bottles, so he pulled out the recycling bin and started piling them in. He loaded the dishwasher and ran it before grabbing himself a coke out of the fridge and sitting down on the couch. He looked around the room looking for any sign of Sam. Flipping through the channels until he landed on a guilty pleasure, Dr. Sexy. Sam always made fun of him for watching it, but it was just so damn good.
Benny’s laugh was gruff and loud, and made Dean jump a little. Combined with the hand on his thigh Benny whispered “hey cutie” in his ear, almost growling, and god did that make Dean feel things he didn’t want to feel in school.
Sam and Dean stood there dumbfounded by what had just happened. Neither of them could comprehend if it was real or fake. Suddenly Sam started to laugh. Dean turned his head as Sam laughed even harder.
“Hell yeah I’m sure, you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m definitely keeping your brother’s number, how old is he?”
Gabriel 1:08pm
“Sorry about that.”
“You like her?” Dean said suggestively.
Sam was very pleased with his breakfast. Dean would definitely be making trips to the city more often, to flirt a little, but mostly for the coffee.
He jumped off the sink and pulled Benny into a stall. He buttoned his shirt and zipped his pants before opening the door to Crowley, the former captain of the football team, a senior.
The rest of the ride was quiet, Dean was still thinking about his day dream, damning himself for letting it get him heated. Sam’s gaze was out the window looking at the orange and yellow foliage. The suburbs were pretty this time of year, no one could deny that. Somehow the house felt warmer when John was not there, the brothers were more at ease.
Every chapter from here on out will hopefully be about 3,000 words give or take. Let me know which way you guys think I should take this. I have many ideas, maybe you guys could help.
“No, it’s just the one little spot, nothing to worry about, it should heal up in a few days.” He quickly replied.
After bowling the brothers moved onto roaming the arcade. They played a few games for the tickets, and proceeded to choose the ones that both of them could play. Dean was actually good at Air-Hockey — even though Sam was giving it his all. On their third round Sam won, Dean swore it was only because he got distracted by someone he thought he recognized. Sam decided to quit while he was on his high.
“Not even man ‘nuff to tell the truth, fuckin’ faggot.” John kicked Dean again. The younger boy could not move, he laid there and let his father kick him too hard. The expletives and accusations kept flowing out of the drunk man’s mouth. All Dean had to do was wait until John got bored or tired, which usually did not take long.
He turned to Sam and punched his shoulder playfully. “What are you lookin’ at?”
Behind the bar felt natural to Dean, plus when he looked up he could see into the booth his teacher and his ridiculously attractive brother were sitting at. Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t thought about his teacher in that way before, but the way his slacks fit him and his button-up shirt fell right into Dean’s schoolgirl fantasies. He made the drinks with ease, something he’s done since he was a kid, but he loved it. It was like holding the thing that ruined his life gave him control, which he loved.
“Wow Deeean! Color me i-“ the bell cut her off “impressed.” she finished. They hugged before splitting up.
?!” Dean joked, he was not sure if the teacher would pick up on the fact that he was the reason that he was so unfocused in history class.
“Hey Bob, I'm headed out of here okay?"
Dean was too busy finishing off the salad Sam left to answer. He opted to grab the keys and shrug while chewing. “I was thinking that arcade in town?”
“Oh nice, that's what I do for Sammy. The only reason I know about cars is because it was the one thing all three of us could agree on when Sam got old enough.” Dean responded honestly. “Anyway, I would set up an appointment with Bobby inside for sometime this week. If you are dead set on me working on your car I'll be here Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday from after practice until close, at nine. It should take an hour or two to replace the unit. It'll be about $500, is that okay with you?” Dean thought over any other information that he could have missed, but could not find any. He headed back inside to set an appointment for his teacher’s muffler.
“It shouldn’t be,” Cas agreed, from next to him, causing Dean to startle. He’d been too distracted drowning in his own panic to notice the Angel had come over, or finished talking to Sam. Or moved at all.
Castiel rose silently to his feet, stepping into Dean’s personal space. “Have you changed your mind?”
Tea in hand, Dean shouldered open the door, kicking it closed behind him and made his way to the bedside, trying not to look at the occupant of the bed. He didn’t want to see what he’d done to the Angel, wanting to live with just a toe in denial for just a little bit longer. But his guilty conscience just wouldn’t allow him to hold it off.
“Stimulants will only serve to mask the fatigue you’re feeling, not cure it and will only make it harder for you to get the rest you require,” Cas stated calmly.
The phone was answered and to his ear in less time than a heartbeat.
He turns his eyes up, he can see Cas’ slowed blinks, eyes slightly unfocused, the lightly caught breaths. The way his Angel keeps trying to look down to study what Dean is doing to him, but couldn’t stop his head from dropping back. Stiff controlled movements replaced with smoothness of instinct, that makes Dean want to say ‘hey, Cas your humanity is showing’, but he doesn’t, his mouth is too busy, enjoying what he’s doing far too much to ruin the moment with teasing... Not that kind of teasing anyway.
Dean’s worried voice punched its way through the Enochian playing demandingly through his skull and Castiel reached his arm back in a halting gesture. A silent plea for Dean to stay laying where he was and preferably go back to sleep. Growing a new life was not easy and Dean needed all the rest he could get. Not to mention the hunter was like a bear when his sleep was disturbed and Castiel was under no doubt that the hormones would not help in that matter.
Raising his head, Dean finds both of them looking at him with matching oddly confused expressions, like they had almost forgotten he was there.
The relief of finding out Castiel was alive and well had been short lived. Quickly replaced with an irate fury with knowing that not only had the painstaking long and desperate search - during which Dean had grown more and more hopeless and withdrawn - and the grief and guilt he had felt as he was reluctantly pulled away, had been completely in vain. Because the angel had been long gone by the time they had returned, but also, and more importantly Castiel hadn’t warned anyone as to what he had done in advance. Castiel’s plan to stay behind inside the warding so that Dean and the nephilim would be able to be freed, was under the misguided notion that the angel would be in no danger whatsoever. While the humans would get clear, Castiel would simply wait for the explosion to take out the warding and then rejoin them. Finding out that because of the warding Castiel may have been just as vulnerable as the rest of them caught in the explosion was a very bitter pill to swallow, and one Dean was not taking lightly.
“Are you done?”
He pushed the thought away as soon as it popped up in his mind, because it wasn’t possible, it just wasn’t. Men can’t get pregnant.
Castiel shook his head, a sad grin lifting the corner of his mouth. “You were heavily burdened at the time..." Taking a breath, he carried on. "Anna told me that I had to think for myself and it would get worse. The diversity, intensity and sheer magnitude was already becoming overwhelming. I needed to bring order to the chaos, so I assigned each new sensation a color. By doing so it allowed me to differentiate between them with greater confidence. It’s not completely effective, but it does help.”
Was he saying that? Is that what he wanted? Right now, he didn’t know. But the one thing he did know, with absolute clarity, is that killing it wasn’t an option. It just wasn’t. It deserves a chance, a chance to live. Dean hadn’t asked for this, and by the sounds of what the Angel had told him Cas hadn’t either, but neither had the Nephilim. “I’m not saying that I wanna do this, but... it’s innocent. And it’s a part of me, a part of us, all of us... it’s family. And we don’t give up on family. Not ever!”
“Were you?” he shot back, a single brow raising accusingly.
“Yes, then.” Castiel snapped curtly.
Easing himself up, Dean grabbed for the lube. Pouring a generous amount onto his palm, Dean took hold of Cas. The Angel gasped, dropping his head, his eyes falling closed, as Dean gently pumped Cas' length, making sure to spread the gel thoroughly. Using his free hand, Dean pressed on the Angel's back, encouraging him back over him. Castiel looked a mix of excited eagerness and debilitating nervousness as he lowered himself between Dean's thighs.
The angel glanced down at himself. “Oh.”
As always thoughts and opinions are welcomed and encouraged xXx
“‘ornin’” he croaked back, rubbing his eye with his fist, before clearing his throat. “What’s eating you?”
The look fell off Dean’s face, replaced with a pout of curiosity as he seemed to muse over the idea.
“Last night... did you like how it ended?” Dean asked, rolling his hips to rub their groins together.
In the darkened movie theatre Dean couldn’t see the eyeroll, but he didn’t need to, he heard it clear as day in the Angel’s tone. “Okay, good. So the Terminator comes back, but the humans also send a guy back to protect Sarah. Anyway they end up getting it on, then the guy gets killed, but Sarah kills the robot. Turns out the guy is John’s Father and he had to be the one sent back so that John could be born in the first place. And that’s basically Terminator in a nutshell. Any questions?”
He pushed the heels of his palms into his eyes. “It’s not real. It’s not real. It’s not real,” he reminded himself. This wasn’t happening, it was just some fucked up nightmare that was drawing some aspects of Cas’ life and twisting it into hellish versions.
“Glad we could help,” Dean said with a sarcastic nod, turning his back on the woman.
“Okay, so this movie we’re going to see is a sequel, so I’m gonna give you a rundown of what happens in the first one so you can follow it,” Dean said, leading the way over to their screen, juggling his purchases into one hand to show the tickets.
Dean threw his head back laughing. "I've heard of explosive orgasms, Cas. But...damn."
SGsVamp xXx
“Can’t sleep?”
The evening air has a bite to it, but the diner which stays open late and serves a really good pie is only a block away. So, fingers still entwined, Dean decided to take the moonlit stroll with his lover that until recently he had firmly believed would never be possible. Not as a hunter, and certainly not as a Winchester. It’s another first for Cas and a gift the Angel has bestowed on the human, without knowing he had, or having any clue to its importance to the man.
Castiel tilted his head to frown in confusion up at the taller man. “Then why did you object to him having some?”
“Yeah,” Sam stated with a thoughtful nod, “Maybe we can break him out from the inside.”
“Things change,” Toni stated, with a nonchalant shrug. “Thanks to all of you heathens refusing to see reason, they’ve realized that I was right all along. I knew you American’s would be more trouble than you’re worth and you’ve all proved me correct.”
And just like that, all the blissed tranquility Dean had been experiencing since he woke evaporated, leaving behind only a tight ball of tension in the pit of his stomach.
Waiting.
Dean pulled a face.
“Dean...You need to rest and eat something.” He couldn’t take away his emotional pain, but he could at least try to take care of Dean’s physical well-being. “If not for you, then for the baby,” Sam pleaded.
He certainly wasn’t going to knock and disturb them both. He could guess at what was going on behind that closed (and probably locked) door, but under no circumstances did he want to have his suspicion confirmed.
When they had first returned to the blast site, Dean was half expecting to see Cas emerge from the flames like some true born Targaryen. The dude could survive a fall from heaven, an explosion was nothing in comparison. ‘
The subtle shift in Cas’ eyes Dean would have easily missed, and very nearly did with the speed that Cas turned his attention back to the paper. But once he’d seen it, the shamed remorse was impossible for Dean not to notice.
“Damn,” he mouthed quietly. Who needed a sledgehammer when he had an angelic wrecking ball at his side?
Before his mate, his pregnant mate had been abducted from their home.  Since then every hour, every minute, every single painful moment he noticed with precision accuracy.
“That mark happened the first time I touched your soul, Dean.” Cas continued. “It could be that its reappearance is a sign of my grace touching your soul once again, but I don’t see how that could be possible without either of us knowing.”
I know, another very cruely placed cliffhanger. I'm sorry. Please don't hate me.
... paused.
Either way, Dean was far too chilled out to worry about reasons. He just snuggled deeper into that embrace, sighed happily and stilled once more.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nodded, his stubbled jaw lightly scraping against Dean's cheek where he's being clung to so tightly. The Angel's lips find Dean's throat, dropping soothingly sensual kisses along the path of his pulse, tracing up along his jaw, until they find their goal and claim Dean's own.
“Do you want something to bite on?”
Another quick glance and Sam decided to let the subject drop, because Dean certainly didn’t look sick. In fact he looked... happy. The dude was practically glowing. Sam’s brief concern ebbed away, because a real sure sign of Dean getting sick was him losing his appetite and there had been none of that. Quite the opposite in fact. If anything his brother had been eating more than usual. Reassured that Dean was, for once as fine as he claimed to be, Sam couldn’t help but tease instead.
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel said sincerely, he would have never considered taking the actions Sam had. Dean would have most likely seen through the ruse if he had tried. Through Sam’s plot Dean had been convinced to try new foods, which he was in desperate need of.
“Yes. The angel side needs the grace to merge with a piece of the soul, but before anything can happen the human has to agree to it,” Cas stated. “You would have had to say yes, Dean.”
Well, damn, when he put it like that what was Dean meant to say, because it wasn’t until Cas pointed it out that he realized just how obvious it was.  “Alright I’ll give you that,” Dean smiled, then pressed further.  “But
And then he could go out there and rub it in the stupid Angel’s face. Seriously, what was Cas thinking? Pregnant. It would be laughable, if Cas’ stubborn insistence didn’t make it so infuriating.
“Heaven will have done their best to keep what's known to a minimum. Nephilim are said to be dangerous abominations. Their creation is highly outlawed. Those who break the laws are executed, no exceptions.”
Sam almost sags in relief when the Angel complies and stills. Because going after Dean now is only going to result in Castiel getting pushed away, chewed out or worse yet, Dean will say or do something that both of them will end up regretting.
. Dean liked the thought of that.
“The damage my wings sustained was due to nearly all of my grace being used for the spell. The fragment that remained was not strong enough to restore my wings wholly...But when it’s restored my wings should return to their former state.”
“But?” Dean asked, pushing the Angel to continue. There was obviously something more that the Angel was reluctant to say, Dean could tell and now was not the time for him to be left in the dark.
Not needed to be told twice, Dean ripped the hole in Sam’s jeans wider to get a better look at what he was dealing with and was deciding the best way to go in, when Cas came back with everything he’d need. Whiskey was poured over the knife and then over the wound with a sharper hiss of pain from Sam. With both as sterile as possible Dean paused for just a moment to mentally prepare himself, before bringing the knife down.
“That so? 'Cause near as I can tell when you have to choose between Heaven and the Winchesters-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, skim read,” Dean suggested with a mouth shrug, as though it was the simplest thing in the world. “Skip the bullshit. Unless you see anything about the nephilim disregard it and move on.” He chose another piece of melon, slurping it into his mouth. Mid-chew he turned to Cas. “Do nephilim eat?”
“It’s like...” He licked his drying lips and started again. “Like you’re so happy it hurts, but you’re scared that it’ll stop hurting... and it feels like... like doubted certainty and such blissed joy... It's loyalty and vulnerable trust and... everything.”
Cas shrugged in a non-committal kind of way. “We were both made to follow orders, sent to protect our charge, and through them leant how to be more human.”
Sam sighed, shaking his head. “He gets that. Trust me. But right now, he’s not going to listen to anyone. You can scream at him ‘til you’re blue in the face and it’s not gonna make one iota of difference... This is huge, Castiel. Bigger than huge. He’s gonna need some time to wrap his head around it all. Until then he’s going to lash out and right now you’re public enemy number one.”
“Just get on with it!”
Holy fuck! Cas tasted like the morning after a rainstorm and Dean wasted no time wrapping his lips around the head, sucking greedily.
“Cas.” Sam gestured. “You’re bleeding.”
Dean chuckles and tossels the hair he's fingering through. It had been intense, probably more so for the Angel if Cas' inability to speak is anything to go by. So he gives Cas a few minutes to recover, running soothing hands over the Angel's surprisingly sweat-free back, before telling him to get out and off so he can go clean up the mess they'd made.
“You - you wanna ... leave?” he questioned, stummberling his words out through a suddenly tight throat.
Eventually he had found a way. A charm that could be infused with grace to ‘hide’ that angel from the warding. Since their nephilim shared Castiel’s grace he was certain it would work for their baby also. Sourcing that charm however had come with its own set of problems, which was why Castiel now found himself doing the last thing he wanted to do while Dean was undoubtedly suffering.
.’ And the fire, well unless it was dosed with holy oil, that was no threat to the Angel either. ‘
Fresh fuel drives his search. He yanks open one door, peering in, but not entering. He saw Cas standing in the middle of a mass of dead bodies, the smoked outline of wings revealing them as Angels. Cas’ own bloodied Angel blade gripped tight in his fist as he stared down at the massacre.
Sam’s heart ached as, instead of going around to the drivers side, Dean climbed numbly into the passenger seat without argument, or even comment. Reaching over into the backseat, Dean pulled Cas’ trench-coat from where he had lovingly folded it earlier when he had changed, and tucked it under his head resting it against the window as a substitute pillow.
Was kissing him.
“Amara, she urm, she promised me something, as a thank you I guess... but it’s what caused all that. I think we were being controlled, a spell or something. Last night that... what happened... Cas, it wasn’t us.”
“I knew you were holding back on me,” Dean sniggered, making it sound very much like an ‘I told you so’. “So it could be something we could explore another time?”
Dean stood back watching Sam with wrapped attention while he checked Castiel’s breathing and other vitals, glad that even in his panic, he had had the sense to rearrange the covers over the naked Angel before rushing off. At least he could protect Cas’ modesty even if he hadn’t been able to protect Cas from whatever was affecting the Angel right now.
Cas was positively beaming when he lifted his head. “Yes, Dean.”
“It doesn’t matter, Cas,” he said, kissing the look off of his face. “As long as he’s healthy.”
“Fifteen,” Sam corrected, “That we know of. So far looks like no one has taken them up on the offer. Mike still calling you too?”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas quickly reassured, seeing the troubled dilemma on the hunter’s face. Dean wouldn’t leave either of them hurt, but he could only help one at a time. But for Castiel the choice was simple. Bullets couldn’t kill Angels. Even with Sam shot in a non-life threatening area he was still more at risk, and therefore took priority. “How can I help?”
“Yes, Dean.” Cas’ words, spoken like a vow, came out like a hot rush against Dean’s skin.
“So you were following orders, before you knew any better?” Dean asked with a hopeful tone to his voice.
Dean watched her sashay away, clearly putting an extra sway in her hips with every step. “She likes you,” he whispered to Cas, who was clearly clueless to the whole exchange.
“There’s twelve pages of just that,” Sam exclaimed, emphasising each word. “Twelve! And that’s just your vitals. Twelve pages just to find out that you’re healthy. For the most part. It doesn’t even mention that you’re pregnant.”
“No problem,” Sam said, his voice jumping as he fought to not laugh. “I gotta go get the new menu items for sleeping beauty here anyway. I’ll leave you to put him down for his nap... don’t forget to tuck him in tight,” he added as he headed out the door.
Leaning back, Dean brings Cas' hand down between them. "Go slow, Cas...I've never... Just go slow, okay?"
“Look, I get we’re on the clock here and I don’t want him to do this either, but don’t you think it should be his choice?”
“Gimme ya belt,” Dean demanded, pulling Sam’s knife from where it was sheathed in his boot. “And get me something to clean and stitch this up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s frown increased and Dean forced his eyes to stay locked on what he was doing so he didn’t have to face that probing look. “Guns aren’t a threat to me, Dean.”
“Look, I’m Michael’s sword, right?” he began, spinning round to face them, finding both were giving him their wrapped attention, with matching worried and confused expressions. “His true vessel. If I’m supposedly strong enough to hold an archangel, then in comparison a little half angel kid should be a walk in the park, right?”
“Iowa?” Dean repeated, mainly for Sam’s benefit, who gave him a puzzled look, but didn’t question it, just turned the Impala around in the road and headed back the way they had come. “How the hell are you in Iowa?”
“They dared to touch you,” Cas snapped, his words forced through clenched teeth. “They’re lucky they’re dead.”
But Sam kept his own council, knowing that voicing any reason with Dean right now would be fighting a losing battle.
“Let him go,” Sam instructs, throwing his arm across Cas’ chest to block the Angel as he went to follow. “Just give him some space. He needs it.”
“It certainly looks that way,” his Angel agreed. “The growth rate of the Nephilim would also support that time frame.”
Cas tilted his head, brow pucker and seemed to be contemplating the question, very carefully. "I've never been more sure about anything."
“I don’t think it was magic, Dean.”
Dean secretly swallowed down a tight lump in his throat and forced his mind out of the gutter and focused on what they were here to do. “Let’s start with what she wanted with Sam, and go from there.”
Dean wriggled closer, pillowing his head on Cas' shoulder and his eyes suddenly lost all interest in staying closed. The treasures of dreamland paled by the chance for the real thing.
Blackness engulfed the whole room, leaving Dean in nothing but empty space. He spun around on the spot searching for his Angel, or his torturer, or even the room that they had just been in, but it had all gone. He was staring into nothing but a void in all directions. Fearfully, he rushed back to the open door, before that too could have a chance to disappear.
“No. I didn’t know how you were there or how long it would last so I gave you, as you would say, the short version.”
Was weird that he hadn’t healed him though.
The confusion that drew Cas’ brow in tight, made Dean feel all the worse. Just the night before he had swore to himself that he wasn’t going to let his own doubts come between them anymore, and yet here he was less than twenty-four hours later too embarrassed to hold Cas’ hand in public and unable to answer one simple question that could bring the Angel some clarity at a time he clearly needed it.
Would Chuck bring him back once more? Or would the god be too distracted with making amends with his sister to spare a thought for a son that he had barely had the time of day for, or even spoken to when they had finally met in person.
He found him already pulling open draws and rummaging through boxes in one of the storage rooms, in his search for the aforementioned root and the various herbs they would need for the dream walking tea. Silently, Sam joined the hunt.
With his eyes locked on Dean's face, ready for any sign of discomfort from the human beneath him, he slowly pushed just the tip of his middle finger in, breaching the tight ring of muscle.
His eyes flitted to Cas’ own hands, sitting abandoned on the tabletop. His fingers intertwined with no one else's but his own.
Dean jolted his head up. Still unable to believe the cruelty he’s hearing and seeing from those that Cas calls his brothers. He watched as the sick twisted Angel eeny meenied between Cas’ chained wrists, before bringing the bloodied blade right up to Cas’ face, tapping him threateningly on the tip of his  nose. “Meeny.” Cas’ eyes widen, a silent plea, but he doesn’t beg, he doesn’t speak at all. Whether it’s his stubbornness or pride, or he’s simply unable to speak anymore in his internal struggle to keep the curse at bay, Dean can’t tell, knowing Cas it could be any, or all three.
Months passed since the pyre had been built, since Dean’s wrapped body had been lovingly laid upon it and the flames had engulfed him. The memory of it, Sam would never forget. He’d buried his brother before, of course, but it was nothing like this.
‘Cause he was fucking pregnant!
The brothers had been glad to see the back of her. With the threat of an angelic mind purge hanging in the background she had given up any information they asked for, so there was no further use for her. And keeping a prisoner wasn’t fun. There was only so many times you can clean out a bucket before you start wishing they’d just escape.
“I just wanted to let b both of you guys know that I am going on a hunting trip for 5-7 days. My friend Daniel - Daniel Elkins- is going to be here soon. I will keep in touch, but he should be here soon. I just thought it would be nice to let you boys know.” John smiled for the second time and his sons smiled back awkwardly. It was equally the strangest thing and the nicest thing John had done for his sons in years. “Oh, and I’m sorry for losing my temper this mor—“ He was cut off by a horn honking. “That's for me!” He patted Dean on the back before exiting with a duffel bag over his shoulder.
Sam closed the trunk and hopped in the passenger seat as Dean started the car. His leather jacket lay in the seat between them.
“Damn Dean what is goin’ on with you?” Charlie whispered before the bell rang. All the students practically ran out of the room, but Dean stayed put. His mind was wracked with guilt for not paying attention, especially because he really liked this class… and his teacher.
Though he would never admit to anyone he always uses exclamation points in texts with his brother because he loved him.
“Yeah, I just have to check in with Sam first.” He hitched his breath as though he had revealed something that he didn’t want to. As quickly as he inhaled he exhaled his breath, he had nothing to hide from Lisa.
“Don’ lie ta me. That show is for the fuckin’ queers.” Dean stood up in one quick motion
“It’s bad, huh?” He asked quietly so he didn’t startle his brother. Dean nodded his head solemnly with a glance. He then loosened his grip, looked back at the road and the car was silent the rest of the ride.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I make a really good Malibu Sunset, I think that’s the fruitiest thing I can think of. And we have a single malt Johnny Walker 30 years, will that do?” He winked and smiled.
“Oh yeah, I bet you’re awful happy about that huh?” Bobby chucked at the grin on the young man’s face. He scratched the back of his neck lightly before asking the harder question. “Has he been… rough with you boys lately?” He coughed awkwardly.
“No, I don’t think so, I think it’s better than that.” Dean said simply. “Call or text when you need me to pick you up, or if anything goes wrong I’ll be there.”
“For good luck. C’mon Charles.” Dean pleaded. She gave in and they soon were spinning around like idiots in the hallway.
“Go get him now, I need to speak with the both of you.” John lost control and snapped.
At around 6 in the morning the early birds started rolling in. They had a special from 6-8: four pancakes with three strips of bacon, two scrambled eggs, and one piece of toast with any drink, all for the low price of $12.
“Yes. Do you see me?”
“You’re just jealous of me,” Dean slurred in a whisper.
“Yeah, got anything in mind?” Sam looked over the couch he had settled into.
“Sure thing kid, I'll finish up this last paperwork" Bobby sighed, he had been doing this job too long. “Call me when you get home, yeah?”
“Was that a yes?” Dean prodded carefully.
“Yes, you heard me. Take. It. Off.” The teacher enunciated every word.
“I promise I will NOT get hurt Sammy. I have to tell you something though, and you can’t be mad.”
“Well, I think that got everyone’s attention, that was scientifically one of the worst sounds to the human ear, often equated with a scream or a baby crying. Can anyone tell me the different types of sound waves?”
On the way there, their conversation was light and easy. It was all reminiscing and happy memories. Lisa picked out her favorite cassette that Dean had and played “Nothing Else Mattered.” Dean argued with her saying that the song was overplayed just because it was popular, they had much better songs. She argued back saying that there was also so much more to music than Metallica and Led Zeppelin. They laughed and Dean was good, they hadn’t spoken many words since the official end of their relationship. Thank goodness Lisa was not the type of person to go around spreading rumors of cheating and Dean’s secrets.
“Wow, I guess your weekend was long.”
OMGGGG I AM SO SORRY THAT THIS TOOK SO LONG TO GET OUT. MOLLY WAS DEPRESSED AS ALL GET OUT. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A DEAD FIC AND I AM DEFINITELY WORKING ON NEW THINGS AND UPDATING AT A BETTER PACE. THIS CHAPTER IS A LITTLE LONGER TO HOPEFULLY MAKE UP FOR ME BEING GONE FOR SO LONG.
Trigger warning (scars/mention of physical abuse)
“Actually, you know what they say, never cook bacon naked, I learned my lesson” Dean laughed brushing it off. “Why three sugars? You like your coffee sweet?” He tried, and failed to change the subject.
Cute brotherly bonding
“He wants me to stay after school, he saw something on my wrist,” Dean sighed and tugged at his sleeve
“You have a little something” Lisa laughed even harder as he tried to lick the wrong cheek. He started laughing too.
“Everything I put you through?” Dean smiled sadly at her. Their break up had been rough on the both of them especially because neither of them had really wanted it. He regretted cheating every single day, but he couldn’t take it back. Dean could picture everything that happened that night and all the weeks that followed. He never wanted to lie to her so he didn’t. She said they could make it work but he wanted to find himself first, as cliche as it was. He ended up finding Benny in all of the chaos. Although his southern boy-toy was nice, he wasn’t Lisa.
