Cas has at least taught himself to make coffee –– apparently all on his own, since Sam isn’t taking credit for it, and Sam loves taking credit for shit. It’s not the worst coffee, either. I mean, it’s
“The natural environment of the human soul is a human body,” he says. “Humans have yet to meet a foreign substrate that they don’t
“Hey!” says Dean. “Keep it in your pants, man, I’m
Had gone through all the trouble of picking
“So he’s doin’ okay?” Dean asks her, as she’s packing up.
“I’m a very complicated guy,” Dean says.
“But…” Castiel looks wistful.
So he snags the next seat over and they awkwardly put a few away together, and then they much less awkwardly put away a couple more. This is around when Dean asks: “Your first name. Is it short for something?”
this alpine fuck-cabin atmosphere again, frantically trying to remember what language he speaks before this gets too weird.
sure that skin contact is a problem thing, or maybe he’s mixing that up with third grade cootie lore, but better safe than sorry, right? Fuck, his brain still feels like chunky stew, and they’re both gonna die.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Castiel says, and smiles a smile so small that Dean would need a microscope to figure out if it’s pleased or pained.
“I’ve, uh. Tell you what,” Dean manages. “I’ve got a work party on Saturday. At my dad’s old place, I’m fixing it up to sell it.”
Dean rubs at the back of his neck. “Yeah, no. I guess he still kinda is in my head, though. He was a total squirt til he presented, then he grew like a foot overnight. It was like watching a werewolf movie.”
After a whole lot of faffing around with mirrors and terrible cellphone photography, they confirm that Crowley can’t see the symbols at all.
Checking the oil:
Castiel lowers his lids to half-mast, presumably in mourning for Dean’s chances of getting laid tonight. “I suppose I walked
Cas nods. “Jimmy experienced it semi-regularly.” Then he looks out and up, squints at the motel sign. Maybe he needs glasses.
“It’s kind of controversial these days, but if you’re diagnosed with estral dysphoria–”
house uninhabitable, he’s crammed into Sam’s condo downtown, which is the size of a European molecule and has an HOA so
I had DESPERATION SEX with KETCH, Cass. ARTHUR KETCH. I had to get a TETANUS BOOSTER after that shit!  What the FUCK!
Sam frowns. “He uses the lines to get around the spell’s speech restrictions. This is something about speaking languages…were you able translate the Enochian symbols on his cuff?”
“Gesundheit?” Dean straightens up (fuck
Dean veers off the swear like he’s taking a last second freeway exit across three lanes, because they’re not exactly in church, but the
“You do, okay? Look, man, we’re family. Means when you screw up you don’t have to…
Dean’s sudden outbreak splits Castiel’s face into an off-kilter grin, all smile lines and upper teeth. “Glad my suffering amuses you,” Castiel adds, arching a brow, and for whatever reason that just fucking
Sam, because it’s dawn and so Cas is already up and probably singing Disney princess songs to the seagulls haunting the trashcans in the parking lot.
“Us? Thought it was just you down there.”
“Dude, c’mon, I’m fucking with you!”
, but as long as you avoid fluid exchange, you don’t have to worry about a sympathetic heat. Maaaaybe it’d be an issue you were on some of the low-dose stuff. But you’re basically wearing hormone Kevlar.
and getting that off his chest was all he needed to go happily fucking off into the abyss. And you’re still down here (up here? over here?), drinking coffee and hating Mondays. Awesome.
Anyway, that’s how Dean finds himself at the 2pm All Levels Restorative Hatha Yoga class. He
Dean can see all the way down the long line of Castiel’s throat, into the shadows of his collarbones.
“I will smash you
Dean cackles a little, pinches the bridge of his nose. “Sorry, just. Trying to visualize this,” he waves at the goony bird in the
Dean leaves the ladder in the trunk and hoofs it up to the front door, trying not to look like he’s there to steal the mail. He punches the doorbell and sounds so far away that it probably has its
From a million miles away he feels Cas’s warm, dry palm slide over the back of his hand –– there’s a ring there now that Dean lost down a motel sink drain ages ago, is nobody spotting continuity errors here?—then Cas’s hand tightens on his and it feels like a Xanax kicking in. (The good kind, direct from the hot nurse with the little paper cup, not the kind you get in a from a shady burnout at a truckstop, that’s been ground up with baking soda or benadryl and carefully remolded, as if you could possibly give that much of a shit when you’re freaking out bad enough to buy Xanax at a truckstop.)
“Ruh-roh.”
“Castiel didn’t…frame
He knew Sam was looking for the rundown, wanting Cas to relay the entire events of the last two minutes to him. Though all he could do was look at Dean, who he had failed to save, and feel completely and utterly lost.
, which is literally always named
“They didn’t take it away from you?” Dean asks.
Are you...are you fucking kidding me? That’s twelve seasons, Cass!!
the smoke away from Dean’s eyes now and then, which rules. It’s actually a pretty chill event until Sharon and Don From Number 4267, The Green House With The White Trim, turn up with a giant Pyrex full of naked, still-marinating teriyaki wings.
“I’m gonna sit down outside,” Dean says. “C’mon and sit down with me. There’s a patio somewhere, right? Ellen was always talking about adding one out back. No way she hasn’t bossed somebody into buildin’ it.”
Bazinga.
when Castiel pops his head up over the white pickets and breezily contributes “Bad molt, yes, those are terrible, Dean can tell you all about how insufferable I am those weeks,” and sometimes Dean just doesn’t know why he even tries.
But you would be wrong, because apparently your boyfriend has been out communing with the bees again, and those feathers pick up ragweed pollen like it’s their goddamn job, and guess what else angels can’t cure? Dean will take
The interior is a little tragic, and that’s coming from Dean, a guy who currently takes naps on the same couch he lost his virginity on. There’s a futon mattress (of course) on the floor, half-buried under a bunch of funky thrift store quilts and weird orthopedic pillows. An IKEA dresser, a coffee table that appears to also be the everything-else table, a couple of those hard little meditation pouf thingies for sitting on. The floor is Marmoleum and the kitchenette is builder’s grade stuff, a glass-top range with no oven below, a countertop microwave and a dorm room minifridge. The bathroom’s presumably behind the little lightweight pocket door. The walls sport one tapestry, as required by hippie law, and the rest is all unframed kid art. It tracks a smooth transition from finger-painting blobs up to carefully markered anime girls with their hands demurely concealed behind their backs, because hands are really fuckin’ hard to draw.
“Something like that. But I’ve come to appreciate having my own space.”
It’s just a drumbeat of syllables running in the back of your head. Might as well be
Sam ices out the attempted handshake (brutal) and says “I’d like to hear that from him, actually,” in Darth Vader Lawyer Voice.
He’s halfway to the sidewalk when a giant black SUV with tinted windows roars in off the street and bull-runs right at him like it’s gunning for a gooey new hood ornament. Dean yelps and throws himself against the fence, landing a pissed-off smack to the passenger-side mirror that flips it in on the hinge. He barely has time to peel himself out of the ivy before the window rolls down and reveals a human egg rocking a pair of mirrored aviators. (How many reflective surfaces does one man need?)
the television kind,” he growls, pointing a pre-emptive
You started doing it ten, maybe twenty minutes after.
Cas stiffens. “No, I don’t,” he replies, and now it’s
“Hmh.” Dean realizes he’s been systematically picking down the label on the beer bottle, so he sets it on the ground before he gets sticky little shreds everywhere. “So I gotta ask. My little souvenir, the handprint. That’s where you grabbed me, with your lil…Mister Potato Head human arm?”
Dean. It’s time.
The tile will do good shit for the property listing, but it seems like a shame to hand it over to whatever suckers buy the place, instead of keeping it for some project of his own. But it’s not like Dean has anywhere even semi-permanent on the horizon. He let the lease on his last crappy rental go when Dad got sick, and now that he’s rendered
Cas squints at the walls around him. “The paint smell helps,” he says. “Didn’t want to mess up your blankets.”
Thankfully, Sam doesn’t grill him about the Froot Loop in the headband. He just serves up some joyless veggie lasagna with a side of light ribbing about Dean eating shit on a cardio machine, then shuffles off to his bedroom to Skype his girlfriend and log a few more hours of galley slave duty for the firm.
Dean doesn’t get terribly long to take this all in, though, because five seconds after he steps in he’s positively body-slammed by the Castiel Signature Scent(tm) again. It feels kinda like being ambushed by a giant fucking dog that is just
And, sonuvabitch, for the next six hours Cas is spirographing around the house like he has a heavenly inner ear infection, and he only stops veering into the doorframes after Dean wipes down
Yoga Guy throws his head back and actually laugh-laughs. “Well, you don’t seem concussed. Can I get the front desk to call somebody to pick you up?”
with himself sometime.)
“Absolutely.”
“Don’t quit your dayjob,” Cas rumbles, and closes his eyes again, like a crocodile sinking back under the mud.
“What did you mean about my driver’s license?” Cas says.
awkward and takes forever to get Cas bundled up right, and then he’s just kind of lying there on top of the sheets, like an enormous, grumpy baked potato.
“This super real heavenly meat-suit, dude. It’s not fair if only
, in that nutso Sam the Eagle voice that he must’ve gotten out of a box of Cracker Jacks, because it sure didn’t come complimentary with Jimmy Novak’s dry-ass mouth.
For a second Bones is just lying there, and Dean has a second of real disappointment that maybe he’s Moved On Past The Veil or something, but then he starts…
,” Castiel closes his eyes, or the eyes he is currently doing business under. “The cycle will
aggravation, so Dean feels like he’s finally got a point on the board. “What I’m sayin’ is…physical or not, this place has different rules, right? So could I look at you without my eyeballs exploding? The…you know, the angel parts of you. Not just your vessel,” and Dean fwippies his hand at Cas to indicate that true beauty is contained within and Dean is completely indifferent to the fact this dork-ass alien managed to bodysnatch a guy who’s never dipped below an 8.5.
“Fuck,” Castiel says. “I need to smoke.”
Huh. Good job on the wards, I guess.
went wrong, I think you’d probably kick yourself to death.”
Dean assumes it’s just the product of good air circulation and body heat until he realizes that he hasn’t had to toss a pair for being too worn out in...maybe six months? So he asks Cas “Are your wings...
After a few days of research, two more reported comas and a tracking spell, the three of them ended up locating the witch. The curse they had used was still unknown, even to Cas. It was old magic, Cas had said, dark magic. It looked as if it’d been around for millennia, from a time when Earth itself was created. They had no idea what the curse
I mean that I love you in a romantic way. Just to be clear.
underwear, that is. After a few minutes of fuzzy-headed searching, Dean realizes that his brain
. Dean feels a shame-blush break out over his face and chest, so red-hot that it might just transition straight into hives, and he braces for impact – a crushed look on Castiel’s face, a heartily deserved
on the upside, Yoga Guy’s pants look even better from a worm’s eye view.
“Parked illegally.”
“Thank you,” Castiel says, lifting an ankle to re-examine them. “They’re very comfortable.” Then he looks back up and squints at Dean. “You hate them, don’t you.”
He slowly rises to standing (yikes! Naked! Dean is a Moderately Bad Man, so he glances, but just long enough to register “nice), uncurling slowly and carefully.
. Sam smells kind of like band-aids when he gets worked up, Dad smelled like hot pennies when he was about to blow a gasket, and that’s about as specific as things get for him. But here Dean is, absolutely
Castiel finishes off the juice, sets down the box like it’s a fragile family heirloom. “I’m not sick,” he says, sickly (sicklyly? sickishly? Fuck English). “This is just a normal biological process that society has decided is too troublesome to accommodate.”
“Just one voice, actually. It said it was an angel. A biblical angel,
shoot him, but luckily he doesn’t seem to take it personally.
“Did he jump to, you know…? Or did the Castiel voice–”
CHUCK
Dean rolls his shoulder so he can break eye contact for a second. (Fuck, he’s sore from that fall. He’s finally hit that age where stiffening up in
but the other option is still kind of a nightmare, even though technically
Reminder: Dean is
“Nice pants,” Dean says, in that way where you sometimes compliment things you hate so much that they threaten to possess your entire being.
“Okay, but was he like,
and Dean can hear the FCC live-bleep in that one, like does his total cowardice have a special color Cas can see with his soul-o-vision? “Only out of some compulsion?”
Dean goes boneless with gratitude. “Sure, I mean, if I’m not ruining stuff too much by, like, not knowing what the hell I’m doing,” he babbles, scrabbling to roll up his mat so he can stop polluting the room with his presence.
He sits up.
Wh...what are you doing?
Well if that isn’t a cure for the dizzies, what is. “
anyway, you’d think that being wrapped in the warm embrace of an angel’s wings would be nice.
“Maybe he’s a conservatee,” Eileen says.
. “Very hardcore,” Castiel agrees. “Did we scare you off, or will we see you next week?”
Lites, and eventually Garth is convinced that Dean’s bell has only been moderately rung and that the rest of his bargain basement meat sack is holding steady at its usual C minus. “Now which one of us is gonna drive you home?” he asks. “Or do you want to give Sam a ring?”
By hour two, Sam’s pretty tuckered out from pulverizing a billion and three mummified dove livers while reciting nonsense syllables, and Dean’s right arm is about to fall off from holding up this giant silver swizzle stick that’s either a really weird short sword or a decorative javelin, but Bones has never looked perkier. He’s lying on a nice white bedsheet and looking fresh as a recently exhumed daisy.
It’s a long time before they go back inside. By any measure.
The angel was confused and asked Dean
“Huh?”
“Incorrectly,” Castiel deadpans.
Dean reaches to scoop his keys and does a bleary double take when they’re not on the nightstand. He takes a moment to freak out at the possibility of Cas doing his clutch-smiting routine on the Impala, but something twigs and he peels open the door and yep, the car’s still in the lot, outlined in scribbly motel neon and highway dawn pink. There’s a faint warble of bass rolling off it in time to…Dean’s gonna say
“Well, you got other talents,” Dean replies, and he’s praying to any God in receiver distance that the Zumba instructor doesn’t choose this moment to roll in and turn on the lights, because he’s blushing like an goddamn anime schoolgirl meeting her first tentacle. “But uh, sure, I can come over to your place, bring a ladder, climb the ladder, do the thing.”
Castiel sets his left palm against one woman’s lower back and gently braces her collarbone with the fingertips of his right hand, and Dean watches as her spine melts from a tense hunch into a graceful arc. It also has the side effect of making her tits look
Dean’s native tongue,” Sam says, smirking.
That stumps him. Dean clears his throat. “Sorry, didn’t mean to mess up your speech, or whatever.”
out. It’s that or we’re sleepin’ in the car.”
one’s the girl”).
“The plural in the Greek is
Then a couple weeks in, things start getting...grisly? It escalates real slowly, from a variety platter of mouse bits to squirrel
stop sounding stupid) The O-Zone, he doesn’t have to worry about anybody getting the wrong idea. Absolutely nobody here appears to be in Cruise Mode – not even the cougars ’n queens, who at mixed gyms tend to zero in on Dean like he’s wearing a sign that reads FREE MARGARITAS. Here there’s some sort of collective, unspoken non-aggression pact:
And so: the O-Goddamn-Zone.
Transpo is an obvious issue. Cas can
Dean kinda feels the next thing rushing towards them, like how all the birds and squirrels know to book it ahead of a forest fire.
and that he has used 95% of his cellular data for this billing cycle.
“Why are you so intent on freeing me? You could have just left me down here. I’m not a threat this way. You only have Crowley’s word that you might profit - or suffer - from my release.”
, nobody here is drinking Good Coffee, it’s a weapon, not an experience –– but it’s not watery or full of grounds or made with orange juice or some other weird dumbass goof.
“Cas,” Dean says, even more softly.
On the plus side, though, big-ass wings make for a pretty good drying rack. He can get every sock in the house laid out on those suckers in a single round and, one episode of
consternated means. “But I do have a license,” he says, with a little hint of offense.
’s wrong at home these days, because Home is officially Over.
to each other. There are maybe half a million words in your native language, according to Sam, who uses them all, and with everybody else you keep on using the two hundred or so you feel confident about.
Castiel opens his eyes at the sound of Dean clattering in – or maybe at the
” Cas mutters, face half buried in the pillow.
Then again, somebody felt it necessary to invent the idea of Tuesday in the first place, and Dean’s not gonna volunteer himself for the task of replacing it with something better. What’s important is that he’s survived (or rather, he
“‘’m fine. You just. Snuck up on me there. Just need a minute.”
ready to strangle Cas with his own necktie, but he
The man’s eyes are green. The parts that aren’t red, anyway.
bed so much as
“Yeah, well, Dad didn’t think much of leisure as a virtue. Also I was thirsty, because I’d just
Dean walks up, leans against it, bottle still dangling from one hand.
They stand there, just like that, well past the point where it
“Maybe that’s what I’m afraid of.”Dean takes an obnoxious slurp of the Coke.
a delusion – and Jimmy was just descending into sin out of weakness – then he’d fall, and his death would look accidental. There wouldn’t be an inquest into cause of death at the coroner; as next-of-kin, only Amelia would get the paperwork. He wouldn’t be outed as an omega to her family. And there’d be an insurance payout for Amelia and Claire to live off of, if he did.” There’s some more crinkling as Castiel fiddles with the wrapper on Dad’s last, abandoned pack. “And, if Castiel really was an angel – well, he would save Jimmy from the fall. The physical one, or the spiritual one, it didn’t really matter.”
house, buddy.” (Well, it
“What, you can’t just call the kid for directory assistance?”
Sam squints. “I think…Dean, I think he’s
Sam’s probably still face-down, snoring
Unbeta'd/unproofed after a long night of baby-wrangling, so please forgive any unfinished sentences or typos.
It rattles your fucking thighs as you wash your hands in the gas station bathroom. None of the other dudes do because dudes are fucking disgusting. This attitude was maybe part of the problem.
I love you, too.
Instead, they do the actual adults-over-25 thing, and go to bed.
“Zen Buddhism, actually. It’s mostly what it says on the can, but you can probably look it up on the internet. It’s something I try to cultivate in the classroom.” Castiel pauses a beat and smiles more broadly than before, like he’s remembering a private joke. “And everywhere else.”
After the snow melts, Dean starts finding shit on the front step with the morning paper. It’s not even a good newspaper; Cas signed them up for the local fish-wrapper (or maybe it was Sam, before he fled for the hills— he occasionally breaks out in a  “support local journalism” rash). The crossword puzzle is insulting, but the paper
Dean arches a brow. “The project being…you?”
just crank the volume all the way down with fifteen tiny
A few centuries go by, and Dean starts to freak out that maybe he has the wrong address, or maybe he’s an idiot and is accidentally one street over or something, so he goes to cross-check the address against the GPS map on his phone and then realizes he could just
and there’s some smearage of
person in this bunker has successfully faked possession of a food-handling license in six different states without yet sending anybody (…human) to the hospital, and it is
can?”
They moved through the warehouse slowly, through pillars of cement blocks and abandoned machinery. As they neared a corner, Dean indicated subtly to his right with his gun. He watched as Cas moved closer to his left. In a swift movement, the two of them moved around the bend to another long passage of darkness. With Dean’s torch lighting the way, they continued along in an attempt to either locate the witch, or make it out to the other side.
An hour later, they’re still in the dungeon, working on dousing the skeleton with every possible anti-bad-stuff solution they’ve got, just in case he’s a vampire skeleton or a ghoul skeleton or a witch skeleton or maybe just a wendigo that’s incredibly bad at its job. In between progress reports, he’s
mine. It burned until the moment when I finally released you from my grip. My hand healed itself; your arm did not.” Castiel gives a thin scoff. “I hadn’t planned to leave you interred.”
Before long, it’s dark.
Castiel flings open the conference room door. “I’m going to a bar. We can finish this over booze, or over e-mail. Your choice.”
CHUCK
a bit too long. Dean and Benny have never been single and/or drunk at the same time for long enough to figure out the exact limits of Their Deal, but Dean can already tell that this particular moment will both be (a) never discussed and (b) never forgiven.
Crowley is pretty pissed, which is fun.
“Sorry, Christ. Hit me with your best shot, buddy. Dealer’s choice.”
Occasionally Bones goes quiet and Dean glances over at him. He really could just be a totally normal, completely dead dungeon skeleton. A good power washing and the right mounting hardware and he’d be ready for a high school biology classroom.
This is not that list.
Bones sways a little bit, just enough for Crowley to wince. “You didn’t come back.”
any interests, or if he just plugs himself into a spare outlet in the server room to charge overnight. He’s nice on the eyes (and the ears, fuck), but he dresses like he works in the slide rule department for the Apollo program.
“Dean,” says Dean, thus achieving a new high water mark for this entire interaction.
Castiel tilts his head back, like he’s smelling whatever the fuck Dean smells like, like it’s something better than
“Is that like a manatee that votes Republican?”
actual turtles. Instead he finds Cas crouched on the shimmering pavement at the back of the driveway, sun beating down on him like it has a personal vendetta, and he’s got both wings stretched out real low above the ground. Dean kind of flips out because it’s the type of pose that just
sometimes, right? Anyway, I won’t judge.”
Dean tries to think of an argument, but comes up with bupkis. If Cas needs help, and Dean still can’t drive – taxis won’t come out here for love or money, and Antarctica gets better Uber coverage; everybody he knows with wheels is either an alpha or lives on the other side of the moon. Neither of them is gonna survive a two-hour public transit odyssey, either. (Castiel due to…everything, and Dean due to still having a few molecules of pride left
See? Dean knows stuff about music, too.
Your power only extends to shots that make it to air, Chuck.
, even somewhere as cloying as
“– I can see you in my future,” the skeleton finishes, eagerly, and Dean really wishes this thing had eyebrows so he could tell if they’re waggling.
Bucklemming.
“If you tried them, you might like them.”
of this as a
“You know I can understand you just fine when you’re talking normally,” Dean says. “You’re just reciting some prehistoric shit that idiots say to girls to get a pity-laugh, hoping it leads to a pity-fuck.”
look like?”
Some discussion of mental health-related family law, sex discrimination, and the medical connections between the two. (Don't worry, there's also flirting)
Dean’s pretty sure Bones has never heard of a Google or a subreddit (for that matter, does
Dean sits on the couch, because fortune favors the bold, and there’s more lumbar support.
You say: “I love you, too.”
...I love you.
“Anyway, Big Bird is the only one who ever sees him. Because he’s, like, an imaginary best friend. But the producers wound up making Mr. Snuffleupagus real because–” Dean swallows. “It’s actually a huge fucking bummer. Go back to the angel shit,” he says, flapping his hand at Cas.
Bones clenches his fists, releases them, clenches them again.
Worst of all is when some hippie spinster clocks them. This woman inevitably reaches
, poor S.O.B.) is sitting bolt upright, like this is the best news he’s heard in weeks. “Polygamist compound outside of Provo,” he rushes out, and actually slaps the bar. “My father was the prophet. My mother was the ninth wife.”
“Hey now. Play nice, or I won’t let you drive me to the hospital when my brain starts leaking out of my nose.” Dean shoves himself up a bit. “So, okay, the Touched By An Angel stuff won you some brownie points? Won
“Dude, are you having some kind of episode, here? Do I need to call…somebody?”
Castiel follows him in and sets the last box of pizza on the drywall-dusted coffee table. “You should eat,” he says. “Keeping your blood sugar up will probably help with your head.”
for this shit? Somebody get these women signed up for a Peloton subscription or a macramé class or a vibrator of the month club, seriously, whatever it takes—), ancient curse, Castiel being the actual angel of stepping in it, nobody cares.
Dean cringes. “Ugh, yeah, I’m sorry, man. I was super out of it, I just got confused about the not having a car thing–”
...I love you.
“Castiel didn’t ruin Jimmy’s life. Jimmy never
After they wrap up, Castiel is immediately mobbed by Yoga Moms with important questions about how to condition their pelvic drywall etc. Dean would absolutely slink out, but leaving his mat in this slimy condition would probably bring shame on the village, so he nervously waits in line for a bottle of cleanser and a wipe-up rag. He’s on his third pass on the mat and thinking he should just bring it to the front desk and tell them to burn it when Castiel breaks free of the gaggle and sneaks up on him.
“Gesundheit?” Dean replies, around a mouthful of bologna. Like everything else here, the kitchen is pretty schwa, although the inside of the fridge required three exorcisms and half a jug of bleach.
“Was that your uncle I…uh, met?”
I haven’t even been in here since the Bay of Pigs; I’d worked a loophole in one of the defense spells here that let me in. When it broke down, I lost my exploit. Wasn’t worth the bother after that.”
(Castiel had initially taken the car for a hearse. Who drives a monster like this in
But give him thirty fucking minutes outside of the He-Man smog, thirty minutes without having to pass or front or check, just
) or squeezing next to Cas on the couch (
Castiel frowns, smoothes his hand across the surface of the table. “This is a corporeal world, Dean. It operates on a different set of rules, but your body here is no more of an illusion than it was on earth.”
Cas sighs. “Anyway, that was the next few years.”
THE EMPTY
...Sky’s the limit.
No. NO.
“Ordinarily, yes, I would have had the resources, but I was equipped very lightly for that mission. It was a raid, not a siege. You understand the difference.”
can’t reach it, what makes you think
Dean shrugs. “Okay, so no holograms. I’ll keep all that in mind next time Charlie tries to convince me to go skydiving.”
CASTIEL
Crowley snarls. “Go ahead and melt me like the cartoon shoe in
that you are able to exert control over a very select few areas of your general environment – ”
“We can hit the basement tomorrow,” he said. There was a big smudge of dust across his nose and some cobwebs in his hair.
I believe this swing is intended for sexual congress.
“Do I get to buy a vegetable that doesn’t fit in a bun, or are we still in the refractory period?” Sam snarked from the corridor.
“So do I,” says Castiel, and smiles.
“I’d miss a great deal more work if I took them,” Cas replies, tightly. “And legally I’m not allowed to live apart from my family right now.”
“I can’t speak for anybody else’s standards. But I’m more stable
Luckily the motion catches Yoga Guy’s eye, and he sees Dean’s tension-locked elbow and wide-open palm and his dumb desperate dog face and takes pity on him. He turns, and shakes, and his hand is large and calloused and warm and the temperature of his smile slowly heats up to match.
a life. He just occupied the spare spaces in other people’s.”
Everybody except Garth and Cas goes back in to tidy up for the day and crack into the Miller
(Maybe giant wings just reads as a gay thing? Was there an episode of
“What the fuck are you doing on this property?” Egg Dude snaps. “You’re on camera, by the way, asshole. I’ve got you on trespassing and property damage.” A wave of AC-chilled and cologne-tinted alpha funk belatedly hits Dean in the face, in case he had any doubts. This is the kind of pheromonal onslaught that would persuade any rational O to roll over, but Dean is either a medical miracle or just a massive shithead.
fucking sulk. Dean wants to experience happiness again, so he does not point out that it get ass-bitingly cold here this time of year, and decent bedding is not
“Ugh,” Sam said, as if twenty minutes ago he hadn’t been losing his mind over a rare book about werewolf hemorrhoids.
Crowley blinks. “What symbols?”
. “I’m messing with you, man. Bad joke, ignore me.”
Dean. (
“I get a monthly mani-pedi. There’s no shame in a little self-care, boys.” Crowley’s eyes trickle down to their feet. “Imagine what fungal horrors those work boots must conceal.” Then he squints, and looks up, finally taking in the whole room. “Could swear I’ve been here before. Little upscale for you, isn’t it? Did we splurge for a vacation rental?”
“I love water. Shower in it every morning.” That one wasn’t bad, although the wink at the end maybe put it over the line a bit. Castiel condescends to a dry chuckle and puts the second mug back in the cabinet. Dean feels like the timer on his welcome is getting down to single digits, so clears his throat like that’s actually a thing and says “So, uh, where’s this light bulb of yours?”
“Dean, the human body hosts as many bacterial cells as it does its own. The health implications are nil.”
Raced through Dean’s mind, he got ready to strike.
“Alright, then,” Cas says. “I will gladly help you smash some shit.” He squeezes Dean’s shoulder once, and then lets it go.
(Not that kind of date.)
Bones sets his chin on his knuckle bones with a tidy little clack. “Because I’m the one you’re missing.”
is eight hours a day alone, tearing apart Dad’s depressive fugue of a postwar 3-bedroom ranch house. Amazing he’s only gone
all over,” he says, holding up the towel, and then lets it drop to the floor. It hits Cas’s shoe, but he doesn’t look down.
There’s a long stretch of quiet – Dean gets the feeling that it may, in fact, be one actual science-minute – in which the only sound is a distant yowling that’s either some neighbor’s toddler having a meltdown, or a couple of cats banging it out.
Bones clears his…ghost throat? and tries: “Tell me, Dean…did it hurt?”
Instead, Dean does the actual human being thing and just stands there.
He does at least have a fresh box of latex gloves (
Dean snorts. “Yeah. Says the guy who doesn’t need to eat.”
CASTIEL
“Jesus christ on a goddamn pogo stick, man. It’s three in the morning, some of us have a circadian rhythm and a limited lifespan. Say whatever it is you gotta say.”
Castiel comes back online with a little choking noise of his own, and a kind of awkward scrabble for Dean’s hand.
You’d think that, when you’re coming down from a time-limited but incurable curse that makes you feel like every cell of your body has its own cute little individual headcold — because you missed a hex bag due to the fact that you were preparing your legal response to Sam turning up to the hunt wearing a
“I’m apologizing,” Cas monotones.
Damn if the guy doesn’t look a little nostalgic for Saturday nights down on the Jesus H. Christ Snake-Handling Ranch. It makes Dean wonder about that churchy vibe in Castiel’s class – if the yoga thing is where all that shit ended up for him.
Swinging a machete and hitting that sweet spot between vertebrae where the head just pops right off, like a Lego dude:
and you’ve got frosted tips and you’re blinking
Then he’s all the way up. Bones squares his shoulders and straightens the last kink in his spine, and the frown resolves. Dean’s about to say something, when his eyes snap open, and this cold white light absolutely blasts out of them, and fuck, Crowley wasn’t kidding: this guy is definitely A Thing. The whole room flattens and distorts in the light. Shadows race up the walls like they’re looking for a way out, then snap together into the shape of enormous ragged wings, stretching thirty feet higher than the actual ceiling clearance.
Not as a conscious thing, not like those snappy comebacks you think of the next day, or like those speeches you practice in your head and then never get the chance to deliver. (Although it seems like other people have better luck in that regard.)
off his slice and onto the carpet. “Initially, Castiel just gave Jimmy some testimony of the coming Apocalypse to share with the church.”
In which I, the author, uses google translate for the latin.
“He’s not really my
The ceiling, along with its three entire recessed light fixtures, is low enough for him – and therefore Castiel – to touch.
Cas ignores him, or maybe Sabbath covers his tracks – “I have
types of Product (tm) on the flappy areas.
like he hasn’t seen Castiel casually lever himself up into a handstand a few dozen times.
fell. Jimmy
Uggggggh
like a carcass in an acid bath.
“Yes, that’s what it’s called.”
somebody to death maybe, but as soon as he establishes that Dean doesn’t need anything more than a fresh pair of boxers, he de-poofs a bit and assesses the whole human finger/crows situation in his usual infuriatingly unrushed way. The crows had mostly bounced up to the cable line over the house, safely out of brooming range, but one by one they start to drop down and hippity-hop back towards the world’s tiniest crime scene.
So Dean makes him a Baby Sleep Sack.
“Oh my god,
Dean tries again, picks the cup up off the seat. There’s a rind of dried coffee juice inside. “What’s up? Sunrise three minutes off? Songbirds outta order? Thought you’d be out here braiding your hair and frolicking in the dew or some shit.”
“I mean…” Dean knows for a fact that Benny would trade in his left nut before he’d pop a pill. “Nobody was in
“Dean! Howdy brother, how’s that noggin? You need a lift?”
“I located Crowley,” Bo-
“No,” Dean says. “No fuckin’ way.”
years of hunting just to be subjected to a damn beanbag chair, and, after a brief flurry of optimistic excitement, Dean determines that they’d have to take the front door off to get a massage chair in. He finds a swing online that if, he can get the hardware properly installed in the crossbeam, is rated for up to 500 pounds, so he texts Cas the URL so he can check out the specs. After half an hour he writes back —
isn’t the name spelled out in big felt letters on the guy’s Christmas stocking, or that he might occasionally accept a uh,
“Who are you?” He asked the man. What he really meant though was…
Finally Sam just hunkers down with a pencil and pad to transcribe the entire ankle cuff, and Dean awkwardly holds up Bones’s ankle, like he’s being sized for a glass slipper. When they shove the results in Crowley’s face, Dean watches his eyes dart along the words.
It looked a little mildewy in in places. One ankle was still locked up in a heavy iron cuff, at the end of a short chain leading back to the wall. Snoresville, as dead stuff goes; Dean’s seen worse at Disneyland.
“Jimmy wasn’t a very daring person, but he had his moments." Dean can make out something that might be a smile.  "Anyway, I woke up in the hospital a few weeks later. They’d taken out the implant as a matter of procedure, and the additional hormones weren’t in Jimmy’s medical file. His surgeons had his body in a medically-induced coma until it was stable enough for a spinal fusion surgery, so it had already passed through the worst stages of detox.”
“He’s not that little.”
so Dean grabs at the nearest loose conversational thread and yanks hard: “Is somebody shit-talking you at the fucking
He sat on the chair beside Dean, looking at the lifeless body with an overwhelming feeling of sadness. Being ten days unconscious had already done damage to Dean’s body despite the IV bags he was hooked up to. His muscles had weakened so that his arms had thinned out, along with his legs. Facial hair had begun to build up on his face and his hair had grown and thinned out. Dark circles were under his eyes, even though he was constantly asleep. It was painful for Cas to see… especially since he knew there was no way for him to help his friend.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says, about halfway through the joint. “I was supposed to stay sober in case you needed to go to the hospital.” He holds it like a cigarette, between his index and middle finger, more femme fatale than college kid, which is really doing something for Dean.
“I’ll be right there.”
Cas, dry as a fucking bone, adds: “Learning to manage unmedicated heats for the first time wasn’t easy, either.”
. You chewed him out once that you in fact were not a four year-old or an Alzheimer’s patient and could therefore hold it for more than twenty minutes at a time, and he looked at you with such bottomless patience and empathy that you could’ve thrown him out of the fucking car.
Anyway, Charlie is a perky little redhead who could probably fit inside an ice cream cone, but she has the impact of a Taylor Swift arena concert circa 2012. She shows up in scrubs, aka the plain brown paper bag of clothing, but hers are sinus-infection yellow and decorated with little…what’s the name of the pixelly cartoon cat with a Pop-Tart body that shits rainbows in space? Little
“And then Jimmy was on a roof.” Castiel jams his hands into the coat’s pockets; there’s a crinkling noise. “There’s something in here.”
“My name is Castiel, angel of the Lord, Seraph of the First Shield,” the avatar says, in a piss-shakingly resonant version of Bones’s voice.
unsettling.
. They both were both walking around minus their creamy filling, and you didn’t say boo.”
Castiel winces out a smile. “Yes. My uncle got the groundskeeper to replace it.”
Seating inside the house is a bit of a conundrum, too. Cas can kind of flop his wings out to the sides if he sits in the middle of the couch, but then Dean’s stuck on the recliner, which is basically in the next county. Bar stools are disastrously tippy, Dean’s lower back and hips have not endured
later, they’re perfectly dry and toasty warm, without any of the pair-busting casualties Dean has learned to expect from the apparently socknivorous dryer in the basement.
“Your own soul burned it, as it flowed out of your flesh and
fluids out of his body or teleport them to the surface of Mars or whatever, he never stopped giving you pitying looks whenever you got up to use the can. On the road he’d ask if anybody needed a bathroom break at
“Indeed,” Cas answers. His face is the color of rose petals and the shadows are fresh bruises.
Maybe...season 6? But I would’ve...
in Scrabble. It’s not available in generic, but Dean pays cash out of pocket for this stuff because he believes in buying yourself the nicest version available of exactly three things in life: motor oil, work boots, and birth control.
Cas’s gaze flicks over to the towering stack of dishes on the far side of the sink and, yep, Dean’s definitely gonna have to rewash them all.
“No, uh,” Dean says. What does his voice even sound like to other people? “Hi. I’m okay, actually, but I think. Uh. Castiel is in heat?” He uptalks the last sentence like he's a goddamn tween.
“Just one of the many ways you have reshaped me, Dean,” Cas says, with warm sarcasm.
” Charlie trills, apparently delighted. “NRMO. Non-reactive to male omegas.” She slides her fingers under a sheet of hair that’s the same color as 24 gauge roofing copper, flips it over her shoulder and yokes it up with an elastic hair tie in one smooth motion. “It should
?) “Go up to the roof to,” he glances at Dean, anticipating the eyeroll, “
Dean does his best to suppress a shiver.
And sure, there have been some...
There aren’t too many demons under the “C” tab in Dean’s blood-stained mental rolodex, and when he says the name out loud, Bones makes a sound like an entire set of dominos being thrown down a spiral staircase.
Hissing at the sharp pain that shot through his whole body. With a groan he fell to the ground, curling in on himself as searing agony continued to rear its ugly head. He only had a few moments of silence before footsteps approached. With hazy eyes, he looked up to see a woman standing before him. Even in the dim-lit room, he could see the malicious grin spread across her lips. She leant over him, pushing firmly on his shoulder so that he rolled onto his back. She grabbed the hem of his shirt and slowly pulled it upwards so that it exposed his bare torso. Dean shivered as the woman pressed the cool steel of a blade to his chest, right near his heart. It was then that he looked in her eyes, her cruel blank eyes, and knew that it was over for him.
There is a long, dark breath, during which their little smiles fade.
CHUCK
for me.”
Dean yanks the damp towel from his hands. “How many did you dry with this thing?”
Castiel, like an actual fucking adult who was born in the ‘70s.
The skeleton slumps. “I learned from my last visitor. He tried to release me on several occasions, but he either died or abandoned the project.”
believe wi-fi is a CIA mind control scheme. But Dean has never wanted to get in Frank’s pants (
any, which is retrospectively
The house is real quiet when he steps back in – the water’s off, though he thinks he can hear the bathroom fan still grinding away.
Jesus, Sam, please don’t send me in there with all the stay-at-home yoga moms. They’ll eat me alive.”
” His forehead droops down towards the steering wheel, like a houseplant somebody forgot to water before a Disneyland vacation.
Like most things in life, it happens after you’ve totally given up, and then totally given up giving up, and have achieved the spiritual equivalent of that shrug emoji Claire sends you sometimes. When the phrase is well past thinking about, when the words don’t even carry any meaning anymore; they’re like the thought version of blinking, or swallowing. A background process, until something flies into your eyeball or you try to breathe a tortilla chip.
I think it’s OUTPOST. I haven’t...I haven’t even watched it.
“So, what then? Bad dreams?”
He removed his grace in defeat, just as Sam came running over from the other side before him. He took in the site before him - from his brother unconscious and bleeding to the dead witch with no eyes. He turned to look at Cas, frozen in disbelief, and swallowed hard.
One minute, Dean was looking at him - the next, he was on the floor a few feet away.
night, but he semi-regularly throws in the towel and actually crawls in with Dean for the duration.
“Uh,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck. “Okay. Do I need to, like. Give you some kinda opening?” he asks Bones.
“Mr. Snuffleupagus? Sesame Street?” Holy shit, this guy really is a Martian.
Cas frowns at the last wedge of pizza like he’s waiting for it to grow legs. “Then Castiel started to talk to Jimmy at all hours. It was exciting when it happened at church, or during prayer. But in the middle of putting dinner on the table, or at two in the morning, or driving to a client meeting–”
“What part of it confuses you?”
Finally everything seems to have quieted down.
Instead of a heartbeat, it’s like a piledriver hitting the ground ten feet away.
of eating shit is worse than the actual shit-eating.) “Shows what you know. I’m more of a walk-into-the-ocean kinda guy.”
Dean says (yells? His ears are ringing too hard to be sure), pushes himself up on his elbows, “I’m not paying for a fucking ambulance, that shit costs like half a roof.” Cas and Garth immediately try to muscle him back down but Dean scrambles hard and manages to get up to sitting position anyway.
. I lost an
“Hey, thanks again for hanging out with me. You really don’t have to stick around all night, if you’ve got stuff to do. I’ve taken way worse knocks than this.”
,” the man moans, in a tone of such intense agony that it’s as if the piano had fallen on
Eileen shrugs defensively. “It’s controversial. It gets pulled out more for omegas who have really bad psychiatric reactions to longterm suppressants, not so much for unmedicated people with heat psychosis. But if you get the right judge, the right experts, it can still happen.”
Or maybe you’re both dead; seriously, who cares, because regardless — he’s there, and you’re there, and for awhile other people are there too, but eventually they go away.
...I love you.
He’s mid groin-thrust, trying to get his left glutes to unclench, when a tiny woman who looks like she’s possibly in her seventh or eighth trimester asks him if he’s
“He agreed to let Castiel take control of his body, and his life.” The moon’s finally breaking out from the rooftops and trees; Cas’s face is a gunmetal gray mask instead of an indistinct putty blob. “And then he jumped.”
Dean christens – or maybe exorcises – the kitchen range with some red meat, and they fuel up with burgers before taking the plunge. Dean’s still licking the ketchup off his fingers when Bones pipes up one last time. “Can I ask you something?” he says.
A minute later, Dean hears his name off to the side – Castiel’s standing in the Red Sea-sized driveway. He’s wearing some kind of open-necked tunic-y business, a pair of what society insists we call
Cas goggles back at him. “As much as I dislike dreaming as a…subject, instead of an observer. I find its absence.” He hesitates. “Much worse.”
“Mm,” Cas notes, careful not to open his mouth,
for me…”
, because an emu would probably show a little more gratitude, and that’s how Dean learns that the couch has a broken spring under the left cushion. The transpo issue remains unresolved.
“It’s both of those things, but that isn’t why,” Cas answers, and the boy is downright
...I love you.
After a few weeks it loses its edge. You kinda knew it would, having some experience with the limits of amphetamines and your own rage-juice glands. It downgrades from a battle-cry to a slur. At some point you realize you’re not even saying it to him anymore. You’re saying it to you.
horrifying vacation concept – so he has to go a few cards deeper in Dad’s thumb-stained rolodex and winds up with Gordon. He does flawless work when you sit on top of him, but he’s a fucking cowboy if you don’t, and he’s one of those aggro beta guys who’s always looking for something to pick a fight about. Awesome.
vibes because Cas grudgingly agrees to let Dean tape him up the next time he’s feeling dozy.
Other than say
There’s some movement Dean thinks is a shrug. “It probably wouldn’t have progressed too much if Castiel stuck to physical tests of faith. But he started telling Jimmy that he should out himself.”
Anyway, Dean immediately feels like an asshole, which is what’s really important here. He briefly considers playing dumb and saying ‘
“I spend a lot of time in bars,” Dean deadpans. “Okay, sage is a no-go.”
Anyway. Dean doesn’t actually know the joke yet, he just figures there’s one in there, somewhere.
The paint fumes do add their own special magic, of course, but Cas has
“You do neither,” says Bones, with so much gravelly contempt that Dean suppresses a little shiver.
“Any alphas in there?”
seasons!
long enough for Charlie to introduce herself and take Cas’s heart rate and point one of those infrared thermometers at his forehead – for a second Dean thinks it’s a laser level, which, the guy definitely has an architectural kind of brow, so it sort of makes sense, somehow? Dean has not had any coffee, and his brain is dented.
Castiel breaks his gaze off of the much quieter Apocalypse going on down there, and looks at Dean’s face, instead.
So you go back to the OG version, and this time it feels like it settles in. You do whatever the psychological equivalent is of buying it a dog bed and a food dish and a leash, and you take it out for walkies whenever it starts to chew on the furniture.
The brief look of disappointment that crosses Castiel’s face is gonna haunt him forever.
Dean determines that the answer is: yes, his boyfriend’s wings are channeling the almighty power of Heaven to magically repair the socks Dean buys at Target in twelve-pack bags. On sale.
Dean’s really kind annoyed how much how he non-consensually likes this chick, because it would be a
...Haha sorry dude I’ve just always wanted to say that
Once Cas brings up the possibility of a
And now it’s quiet, just the jukebox and the clink of glasses back in the kitchen, a few folks murmuring in booths. It might be dark outside, it might not; it’s waiting on Dean’s opinion before it commits to anything. And so is Cas, who is standing in the warm glow of the jukebox, hands in his pockets.
“Oh right, of course. Sure.”
He could remember hell at the time, as clear as day. Yet his last moments in Hell were hazy. He now realised that version of himself didn’t remember the flood of white light, from whatever creature had enabled him to escape. Though he knew then and now that it was something big as he looked around at the many trees that had all been knocked down to smithereens.
“How the fuck do you do
So you lean into it. You make it your thing. You figure you can either be losing your mind, or practicing, so you choose practicing. You’re showing the powers that be that you’re keeping the faith. You’re holding a torch.
Yoga Guy smiles a little. “Looked like you were trying for some sort of advanced tuck and roll maneuver,” he rumbles. The gentle attempt at humor shouldn’t be an exciting development, but Dean’s dick is apparently still on dial-up.
Dean’s never actually been to a blow-out orgy on the manufacturing floor of a recently pipe-bombed Pine-Sol factory, but he figures that he can go ahead and scratch that one off his bucket list.
The less said about angel molt, the better.
“The angel’s name was Castiel,” Cas says.
but his face must still be stuck on “Tippi Hedren attic scene” because Cas puts a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder and adds “Don’t worry. I’ve told them I don’t require further offerings, and I reassured them that you’re my consort and were simply jealous of other potential mates.”
Dean nods. “Those guys
They call it quits before Kansas rolls up the sidewalk for the night and leaves them stranded with nothing but two Clif bars and a gross of septuagenarian cans of franks ’n beans. Bones shifts nervously when Dean leaves – “Which is better, pancakes or waffles?” he asks.
“I like her better,” says Dean.
) whose only settings are
Charlie wrinkles her cute lil nose. “Hm. Not a lotta ocean around here.”
A nasty thought knocks Dean a few degrees to the left. “Hey, is it gonna be a problem, you spending the night over here?”
Castiel dryly flips him off and tugs the pizza box across the table. Dean would be aroused, but he can’t talk and chew and horn out all at the same time without choking to death.
There’s a bunch of static after that and when Dean tunes back in, everybody seems to have sorted out that a bus is an ambulance and Garth spends his free time giving strangers mouth-to-mouth. What follows is some flashlights in the eyes and some more finger quizzes and everything else Dean has come to expect from his increasingly impressive semi-pro career as a head injury victim. While this is all spooling along, Dean pieces together that that he was up on the ladder blasting out the gutters, hit a big-ass paper wasp nest full of big-ass paper wasps and very reasonably jumped the fuck back, albeit into ten feet of thin air. Cas was out tossing carpet into the rent-a-Dumpster, allowing him to witness this enthralling sequel to Dean’s smash-hit treadmill swandive.
Dean shakes his cup a little to recirculate the sugar slurry. “So Castiel, that’s, like…your…yoga name?” Castiel glowers at him. “C’mon, man, cut me some slack. I know lots of stuff about Dremels.”
. You’ll be a lot easier to tolerate than an alpha, or even just an unfamiliar person like me.” Dean vaguely notes the sidestep on her own dez – healthcare people
The garage is a prime example: even with all the shop stuff pushed up against the side, it’s about three inches too shallow to contain the full length of the Impala (
“You’re fucking kidding me, dude.”
An engine rumbles behind them. He’d had the street permitted off, but they don’t need the truck access anymore, so he doesn’t bother to turn around. It cuts out; the wrong kind of music pours out of a driver’s side door.
“Jimmy was on a business trip, to a client  in Virginia – he had a client presentation early the next morning, basically before dawn in Central time, so he couldn’t take his usual sleep aid. Castiel wanted him to…” He trails off. “It would have been very disruptive. He was afraid he might be spotted by somebody associated with his clients if he ordered a drink at the hotel bar, so he-”
“So, all that,” Dean says, because he’s a fucking coward.
“Cas,” Dean says. And he reaches out what he suspects is the memory of Mom’s hand and sets his palm on the back of the guy’s neck, against the damp skin and unwashed hair. The muscles there relax but the blue eyes stay closed and Dean drops the cup on the floor and sets the other hand that’s just his on the side of Cas’s face, and slowly sweeps the side of his thumb over the sandpaper jaw and waxy cheekbone.
physical recovery.” He sets the plastic down in the precise middle of the floor and studiously pats the dust off his Barbara Eden pants.
“So I’ve been told. I was right, though. When I took Jimmy as a vessel, I contracted —
“I wasn’t gonna say anything,” Dean lies. There’s a bit of tape still down along the baseboard – it’s gonna drive Dean nuts if he leaves it there, and if it didn’t, Dad’s ghost would probably climb a ladder up from Hell just to bawl him out. So he bends down to pick it off.
Castiel is finishing the joint, wearing Dad’s old shearling jacket. It still smells kinda like those hot pennies, with hints of Marlboro and paint thinner – a combination that should on no planet feel comforting, but “a combination that should on no planet feel comforting” is probably the motto on the Winchester family crest.
, or was it more like
Dean feels eyelashes flicker against his collarbone – guy’s already dreaming.
Setting aside the humpy
It kicks back in then — during the peeing, specifically, because
Castiel drops his hands to his thighs and laughs. It’s such a nice fucking sound, right out of his chest, and it makes Dean feel like he just klanged the bell in one of those old-timey carnival strength tests. Cas steps over the dropcloth and abruptly drops to his haunches right in front of Dean, who has to suppress the urge to hiss
“Oh, it’s short for Charlene. Which is kinda actually short for Celeste?” she says. “LOL.” She actually says it like that –
positive development up until Garth’s lil pixie face appears, too, and asks Dean
Yeah. I’m so happy we finally got to talk about this stuff, man.
“I don’t know.” He said to Sam.
one to wipe down the counters.”
“Okay,” says Dean. “Awesome.” He holds the towel out a few inches further.
as long as there’s free beer (yes,
He has actually grown
“I apologize for being late,” Castiel says, wiping a fine sheen of sweat off his forehead and onto his bicep. “I biked over. I forgot about the weekend bus schedule.” Dean puts off pondering the impact Castiel would have on a busload of unsuspecting passengers in favor of pondering the impact a bike seat would have on Castiel’s ass, then mentally slaps himself for being a gross lech and pulls him into the house.
It starts out kind of uniform and colorless, but then it really picks up speed and volume and starts to separate into swaths of distinct and horrible colors and textures. He closes his eyes again for a second to give his stomach a chance to reboot, and when he looks again the foam is gone, and instead there’s a whole lot of angry jelly trying to form into organs.
The skeleton relents, but with obvious reluctance.
, but it’s never had any goddamn appeal to you because, what? Somebody loves you the same no matter what fucked up shit you do, no matter how you feel about them?
s has been a pretty zippy cure for that particular bug. It also means Dean’s experienced enough to mostly rehab Dad’s place by himself and make an actual profit. Because, yeah, it’s a fucking mess, but it’s nowhere near the biggest horror shows Dean has ever tackled.
This chapter includes some more substance abuse recovery, mental health issues, and injury/surgical recovery stuff, but everybody's pretty sweet about it.
“Um,” Dean replies. “Shouldn’t…
adorable). “You’re not wrong.” Then he looks away, deflates a little as the chuckles run out, starts to pick at the anemic lemon slice slowly bleeding out into his whiskey.
see me in that form without coming to harm. But you should know that I don’t consider it any more a reflection who I am than
If Dean were five percent less freaked he’d be tempted to go inside and find out how much of a dent he can make in a six-pack before Castiel finally dings and spits out his results, but he isn’t, so he just stands there in silence clutching the broom like it’s a shotgun.
“Hey,” says Castiel, not even glancing over at him. He says it kind of automatically; if Dean had said “pickle” he probably would’ve said “pickle” right back.
“What?” Dean nudges him. Dean Winchester: angel nudger.
?” Dean whomp-whomps through the mask. “I was worried you’d crawled out into the bushes to die.”
limits.
Welp, there’s the mental image of Castiel as a nice naked Christian dad, gritting his teeth and turning a hot, raw red under the stream. Dean’s dick checks in, just making sure everybody’s food is tasting okay, can it get anyone a refill, etc.?
, you think I’m suddenly shaking in my boots? C’mon, man.”
“You’d think so, wouldn’t you.”
Cas finally rolls his head to the side and gives Dean a booster shot of The Disapproving Eyebrow.
Fuck!!
So Dean dings him on the back of his head and snaps – “Hey, Typhoid Mary. We use
He barely heard Cas’ warning cry before he was thrown backwards - catapulted in the air and into a large wall a few feet away. He hit the wall with a
When Dean is scraping out the umpteenth canister of fluff he jokingly suggests they use some of it to supplement the tragically flaccid down comforter currently shaming their bed, and Castiel pitches an
“I imagine that changed the family dynamic.”
“Not this time,” Cas answers. “He did help, after all.”
Sexually also. I mean, probably? Not super clear on that one, but I’m open to experimentation.
But the monster of the week wasn’t going to banish
don’t have to deal with an unslakable hunger for human blood, or hearts, or fat, or tonsils or whatever the fuck is on this week’s Monster Menu. Not a lot of spare time to build your investment portfolio, right?
“Oh,” she says, halfway down the hallway. “What kind of suppressants are you on?”
Castiel stands up (Dean reflexively backs up into the doorway, as this involves Cas bomfing out his wings a bit for ballast and Dean has caught a blow to the nuts on more than one occasion), dusts off his goddamn slacks, pulls a plastic evidence baggie out of thin goddamn air or maybe his socks, and casually bags the finger like they’re doing a standard FBI wheeze. “So what,” Dean says, as Cas diligently zips the baggie, “the fuck?”
Dean licks his lips, works a jaw muscle, forces out a nod.
suck: some Crossfit cult complex where membership costs $200 a month and probably involves a mind-control chip; a dank little weights gym whose only Yelp review consists of the phrase “great place to get TB”; running with Sam in Nature; and
“Hey,” Dean says, mugging like he’s a little hurt to cover for actually being a little hurt. “I wasn’t gonna joke.”
The two of them, along with Sam, spent the last five days in Fort Wayne, Indiana investigating a case of comatose patients. Three people in a week had fallen into sudden unconscious states, with no explanation as to why. The doctors told them that all the tests were clean apart from a set of mysterious cuts on each of their chests, all similar in size and pattern. It was those cuts that led the three of them to conclude it was witchcraft, especially because Cas - the angel - was unable to heal them. Dean remembered watching Cas use what the brothers had dubbed as his “angel mojo” on the patient and the way his face pinched in determination.  Dean remembered watching Cas step back with a frown, telling the brothers that he could see nothing but black. It was then they realised whatever witch they were up against, was using stronger magic than what they had previously seen.
“Seriously,” Dean laughs, “how did I manage to hide
So the joke starts like this: a dropout and a guru are sharing a joint on a dead man’s patio.
CASTIEL
That face shuts Dean right the fuck up, because it sends him skipping backwards into that fucking basement, where his phone is buzzing and the gritty concrete chill of the floor is seeping through his jeans into the useless meat of his legs and leeching into the hot, wet channels of his piece of shit heart.
“And I was distracted, because I’d just fought my way out of the inferno while being digested by a demented human soul.”
CASTIEL
“You too?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We drove,” Sam answers at last, and he sounds almost apologetic about it.
“Liquor store,” Castiel replies, real quiet. They sit with that for awhile.
Dean hopes this guy isn’t totally Looney Tunes.
Crowley scoffs, rolls his eyes. “It doesn’t matter what he is, since he’s useless as long as he’s chained up. And I wouldn’t have left him down here if I had a single clue how to smuggle him out.
Dean plops back down. “Oh shit, is that the–”
“Pickle,” Dean says.
“I would understand it if you did.“
I am ready to explore that with you at whatever pace and in whatever way is comfortable for all involved.
This discovery should horrify Dean on a personal level, but as an
), or ask Cas for prayers for their cat’s chronic asshole problems (which Castiel WILL take seriously).
“Uh, no. I mean, not as an official yoga thing, or anything.” (
like a bad idea, and also it’s been awhile and Dean gets the impression that this is not entry-level bud. It is the kind that comes with an innocuous name like Cookies ’n Cream but after two li’l hits you’re so devastatingly chilled out that you’re starring in your own remake of
Dean knows he either needs to build the garage out, or just tear it down and install a pre-fab, but it’s somewhere around item nine zillion on his list. He hates to be reminded of the sheer magnitude of his list, so for the sake of his continuing sanity, he only goes into the garage when he needs to cut down some board or solder some piece of shit back together. Or when he needs to grab a respirator.
just Castiel’s side gig. And, maybe more to the point, even if there
than I have been in my entire adult life.” Castiel smiles, but it’s, like…the O’Douls of smiles. “And, just to be clear. I don’t think I’m an angel.”
“I don’t see you cookin’, “ Dean started, shuffling back towards the hall, and that’s when the skeleton butted in.
This is insane. You can’t do this! I control everything that happens in this universe!
enough sexual humiliation to justify a reemergence. Now it is raging across every visible patch of skin on his body; probably his eyes have changed color.
, completely and absolutely correct about Towel Procedure because exactly
the kind of person who’d invite a tapeworm over for Thanksgiving dinner if he found out it didn’t have any family in town.
She hitches her shoulder up against it to lean it open. “I mean I
“The fuck – he lives in your fucking poolhouse. I can go get h–” Dean throws an arm in the direction of the pool house
commentary.
This should be a capital goddamn offense for little brothers, but he turned up a trial lawyer too, so Dean’s just globally fucked.
of course not
Thank you.
Dean keeps a pair of shop-grade safety goggles by his side of the bed. It’s not the sexiest look, but it turns out feathers are stabby as hell when encountered at a particular angle. Cas can do the healy thing, of course, but they learn the hard way that cornea perforation is not really a mood enhancer. On the bright side, Castiel accidentally corrects Dean’s
Hoo boy here's the Heavy Chapter! It's all uphill from here, I swear. Mental illness, suicidal ideation, substance abuse, reproductive health, major injury, mentions of cancer, and people who don't eat the crust on their pizza.
Right at the beginning of the party Dean and Castiel had their eyes-across-the-room thing, followed by the same magnetic, exhausted embrace they’ve shared on just about every plane of reality now. Dean supposes he could ask Cas for a nickel tour of the Empty just so they could hit for the cycle, but he’d really rather not. Sam let them eke out a few gruff, tear-choked monosyllables before diving in, sweeping Cas up in a bear hug and laughing like a fucking kid. Dean doesn’t push it, because it’s been longer for Sam, after all. Or something.
“Uriel suspected. Naomi certainly detected it later, as did Metatron. But in the moment, no. The Host’s attention was focused on the Apocalypse ahead, not on debriefing a mission that was considered a success. After the Cage was closed, I had too much influence to come under that level of scrutiny.”
CASTIEL
Bones tilts forward and kind of clatters onto hands and knees, then tipsily begins to rise up to standing. Dean’s a little concerned he’s gonna topple right over and they’re gonna spend the next two hours collecting him in a basket, but when he moves to help out, Bones waves him off. After a couple false starts he makes it up onto his feet bones and then shuffles out to the end of his chain, right under one of the overhead lights. He’s still a good couple feet off from Crowley, but Crowley looks like he wouldn’t mind a few extra acres.
Anyway, he spends some quality time down on his knees (yeah, gag on it), mindlessly plecking down pretty tiles, not even bothering to turn on the radio. He thinks about the
breath and sets his shoulders back, like they’re done with Gym Announcements and about to start class, and Dean involuntarily un-hunches and takes a breath, too. (He has a brief flash of Dad teaching him drill positions in first grade; to this day if Sam shouts “parade, rest” Dean reflexively goes wide-stance and crosses his hands behind his back. Christ, he’s suggestible.)
hitting on Dean.
“What, no animal crackers?” Dean asks.
he’d assumed Cas would suck at mornings. Maybe the 24/7 bedhead and the “it’s always 5 o’clock somewhere” shadow; maybe the fact he never really seemed convinced that “taking a shower” and “eating breakfast” weren’t just some elaborate long con they’ve been pulling on him for the last half a goddamn decade.
give him The Talk. Apparently it’s been lurking in Dean’s bones this whole time, waiting for him to experience
to live with your family, and, um.” Fuck, what’s a diplomatic way to say
“So how much did, uh–”
“Huh. Well, in a way, it
“And they let their precious angel prophet up on the roof?”
Dean lets her check out his pupils, bending over so she doesn’t have to stand on her toes.
would run screaming from this shit.
This time the Mandatory Company Fun is at a bowling alley, because God is dead, but
“You keep those.”
), and Garth because he’ll happily do anything in general. The last two keep it from being an alpha sausagefest, thank christ, which makes things a smidge less awkward when Castiel walks up the front step looking like Hippie Nate Berkus and smelling like a grow op in the Adirondacks.
Dean’s stepping off the hamster wheel to make for the wall of free weights when the class doors open. The yoga-goers (yoga-ers? yogurts?) pile in, and Dean’s left staring at the guy holding the door open – there’s a mop of dark hair and a nice jawline under some scruff and a pair of shoulders so nicely defined that it’s frankly
“Good to know,” Charlie laughs, then turns back to her patient. “You’re actually meetin’ the criteria for a few minor conditions here, guy, but as long as you keep improving with juice and ibuprofen, nobody’s gonna ride your ass about it.”
“Castiel never tried to convince Jimmy that he was Jesus. He–” Cas stops, frowns. “Actually, I’m not sure whether Castiel was male. The voice sounded like a version of Jimmy’s, but that could have just been a way to gain Jimmy’s trust.” He looks back at Dean. “I do realize how this sounds.”
cross those streams.
“Around back” is an honest-to-god poolhouse, something Dean could’ve sworn only existed in porn. It looks like it’s about the size of a decent studio with a 3/4 bath, but it’s mostly hidden behind some lattice work that’s being slowly digested by a massive wisteria. He guesses (hopes) it’s been upgraded to an official ADU – Dean’s converted a few workshops and garages and knows what a pain in the dick it is to get the zoning and permitting for those suckers, but it’s just
up,” Dean adds.
“Huh? No, I just…you said you, uh.
Cas shakes his head. “I’ve been forced to cede control over my vessel. I’ve withdrawn into it to preserve myelf. I’ve experienced a fugue state, or been made to retroactively forget details of my experience. But I have never.” He breathes in through his nose, the edges of his nostrils going white to match his knuckles. “I’ve never been
about this that Dean missed back when he was ass deep in wendigos or something?)
“Peachy,” Dean clips, because that shit is a little late coming off the line.
I think the possibility of being related to somebody on the street was more concerning to them than my actual welfare. They wanted to be sure they had as much control as possible over the situation. I wasn’t really in a position to argue. I was focused on relearning to tie my own shoes, and piecing together a consistent identity, in that order.” Cas glances down at his canvas slip-ons. “I had mixed success.”
to the guy in purple leggings and think, “ah yes,
Aaaand here's the last chapter! For this part of the story. There will be more from this 'verse coming down the pike, but the exchange wraps up today, so it'll be coming as another work in a series.
Castiel purses his lips and looks up at the last bits of sunset visible over the back fence, vivisectioned by power lines and bare branches. “I should’ve guessed this would be a bit much. I’m normally better at accepting my limitations.”
get over what a fucking nightmare it is to have a bladder. Like it actually made him mad. Even after he got his batteries back and was once more able to, like,
“White for dishes. Blue for countertops. I find the claim scientifically dubious at best,” Cas grumbles, before rushing out: “but I recognize that sanitation standards are not…at the heart of the disagreement.”
at least syndicate Carolyn Hax, whom Dean secretly suspects of being an absolute wildcat in the sack, so he grudgingly expends the calories to bring it in every morning.
, it’s just…kind of funny. One of them is maybe legally a glorified minor and the other can fit 75% of his life in a large Tupperware at the bottom of his brother’s coat closet –– but, barring a zombie uprising, nobody’s parents are going to walk in and start yelling. Nobody’s about to leave town to follow Phish or go to college. Nobody’s going to meet somebody hotter or cooler or wetter at the club tomorrow. Nobody’s got the hairpin refractory period that means they’re missing out on a Night of A Thousand Orgasms. It’s kind of messed up how, the closer you get to the grave, the more time you realize you have. At least for some stuff.
About two thirds of the way in, they voluntarily part before him and Dean is suddenly in the Appalachians getting a blowjob from a patchouli meadow.
Eileen squints at him. “I didn’t catch the first part of that, but I’m guessing it was a dumb joke.”
“He called himself—no, I can’t say it.” He makes a sound resembling a harumph.
Charlie looks back up at him, and Dean experiences a spontaneous reoccurence of the itchy, full-body blush he was hit with in sixth grade, when Dad had
And, look, Dean is
For some metaphysical reason Dean is too dumb to suss out but also too smart to question, lugging a pair of Cessna-sized flappers around this mortal dimension actually seems to tucker Cas out. He doesn’t need to zonk out
Dean rubs his eyes because this has that angst metaphysical angel pong to it and that’s really more of a Sam Specialty. “How’s it worse? I
Castiel doesn’t find this funny, but Dean really only uses it to fold laundry.
and spontaneous outbursts of preening.
Castiel reaches the pool house door and half turns around as he shoulders it open, arches one brow with – ugh, it’s too good –
Thank you again for reading!
“All that,” says Cas, because he isn’t.
As he leant back and watched Dean, he felt his grace flare in his veins and begin bubbling to the surface. He’d been resting and letting his grace rebuild itself after everything that happened over a week prior. It was almost as if it was telling Cas that it was ready, that it was time for him to try again. He didn’t want to gain hope only for it be lost but he knew he owed it to Dean to try, even if there was a major chance that it wouldn’t work.
“Cool,” Dean says, and then the 3pm Zumba class starts piling in, so he hits the bricks.
are broke as shit, too, and
“Oh, yes.”
Dean buys a rage coffee inside, calls a couple more times while he progressively ruins it with even more sweetener than
“I’m not,” Cas repeats.
“It’s rude not to accept a compliment, you know.”
Novak looks up at him. “You’re the first person I’ve met who actually knows where it’s from.”
“Angels have excellent hearing. Mine wasn’t impacted by the spell.”
But after plowing through a dozen rooms worth of priceless treasures and crusty boobytraps, even Sam was looking kinda full up on shock and awe.
He had nothing to do but watch in fear as the woman approached Dean, who laid limp on the floor. He realised that the witch must have led her victims to fall prey to her through her looks. She was a petite young woman, with blonde curls and round eyes. She was the picturesque stereotype of innocence - one that most humans wouldn’t suspect. Cas assumed that she used that to her advantage.
it, because Eileen is cool. Eileen’s overall coolness is the main reason why Dean didn’t immediately bail to a motel after discovering that, while
Dean blinks. “Uh…I thought we’d…just…stay here? Until Cas is good to go home.”
Some asshat pulling his rig out of the diner across the way opens up his jake brake and Cas flinches at the crack.
some brownie points?”
Dean reaches up to rub his neck but stops when the latex glove pulls on his skin. His face is already sweaty under this thing. “So, uh. Garth is having a friend stop by to help out.”
. One who
from my level of concern.” He opens his mouth to add on something else, but the TV suddenly busts out with a truly bizarre toilet paper commercial that for some reason is twice the volume of everything before it, and Dean has to scramble to stab the mute button on the remote, then the
“Professional evaluations, investigations…it’s really not
Hey, so, this is getting weird, I think I’m gonna take off.
Dean tugs his hand out, raps his knuckles against the wood. “Okay, so stop bein’ coy and tell me before I get a complex. And if you say it’s because of
coming from somewhere very specific. He’s not exactly clutching his pearls at the possibility that
Castiel sighs. “He was me. This is always difficult to explain to sober people.”
would be too powerful or competent to be defended against through normal means. Angels can be killed, Dean. My experience of a mortal death would be – ” he cuts himself off. “Less worrisome than the alternative, in many ways
“What’s the difference?” the mover asks. The winch tightens around the piano and it begins a slow rise up the face of the brownstone.
instructions on how to release the cuff. I can translate it,” he finally says, with an unusually low inflection of bullshit, “but I’ll thank you to release me, first.”
Sam shifts impatiently. “What is he?” he snaps, gesturing at Bones.
“Yikes. What was work?”
I’m just kidding around–”
because He at least left a few nice things to His kids in the will. And, sure enough, Novak is holed up there, and he actually appears to be consuming an adult beverage, which blows Dean’s mind a little – though he couldn’t really tell you why.
THE EMPTY (O.S.)
“No. Cheeped too homosexual.” He does not look up to see Dean’s reaction to this information, just advances his aggressions against the lemon. “My fiancée turned me in.” He pauses. “She was scared.” Castiel stops messing with the lemon, actually picks up the glass for a drink.
“Fucking hate witches.” Dean grumbled, following the light of his torch through the dark space. The sound of his boots clomping against the ground echoed loudly around them.
are tough to handle.
encouraged Jimmy to hurt himself. He always promised Jimmy that, so long as he followed Castiel’s instructions, he’d be protected.”
Thank you.
Castiel snorts, so Dean adds, “He kinda looks like one, too.”
...I love you.
THE EMPTY
“Dean, is there something about being a parent and practicing yoga that you find contemptible?”
“At any rate. Things were deteriorating.”
. I’d rather be at a safe distance.” He glances back at Bones, looming in the shadows. “A continent or three should do the trick.”
“Okay, but you…you’re an adult. Like a functioning adult. You don’t need a…legal guardian, or a nanny, or whatever. You’ve been through some strange shit, but you have your act together better than
He remembered talking to Bobby and realising the only thing they could do was summon the thing. What else did they have to lose?
He remembered standing up and attempting to challenge Castiel, only to see the light show and the way the shadows of Castiel’s wings stretched out across the whole back wall of the shed. He remembered still adamantly refusing to believe, refusing to accept that angels and God and Heaven had always been true. That these creatures were always around but never stepped in to intervene in the slightest. He also couldn’t believe that creatures this powerful… had rescued
“C’mon, sunshine. I’ll show you yours, you show me mine.”
“Oh,” Cas says, blinking in surprise that Dean is still there and interested, “they think I’m their god.”
“10-4.”
with each other. Though silent and unaware. We
But no. Dudes tend to just glance at them across the Home Depot parking lot, throw them the Mutual Dude Acknowledgement Nod, and say some shit like “Comic-con,” or “nice anime” in a knowing tone. Then they go back to rolling their carts full of gaskets or hammers or whatever back to their mom’s station wagon.
“The only time I couldn’t see any part of your soul was when I was without grace, and I promise you that was one of the greatest deprivations imaginable.”
Sam’s take is that maybe Jimmy Novak was a Morning Person and now that Cas isn’t using the guy’s body as a kind of celestial thermos, some of the dude’s original behaviors or genetics or whatever are sort of…coming back online, reasserting themselves. “Like the burger thing,” Sam says, shrugging.
“That’s,” Dean says, then just goes dead in the water.
“Was it just booze and sleeping pills? Because I’m not exactly clutchin’ my pearls over here. That’s just Wednesday night for most of America.”
says. The silver sword-javelin thing is sitting on the kitchen counter in front of him; apparently it’s an Angel Blade and it lives in Castiel’s coat sleeve and can vaporize demons. It doesn’t look like it has any Crowley on it, but maybe it’s self-cleaning.
“That was only a partial truth.”
CASTIEL
...I love you.
(*you can just shut
“How do you know what a nail salon smells like?” Dean retorts.
Little girls tend to go googly-eyed — Castiel seems to fall into the same category as a Disney princess, despite the stubble and the drabcore wardrobe, and Dean can’t count the number of times some mom has approached Dean at the grocery store (like he’s Castiel’s manager?? Which, okay...yeah, actually) and asked if they do birthday parties. The money would actually be pretty tempting if Dean weren’t five thousand percent sure that Cas would get them both arrested by launching into an anatomy lesson about duck sex or how God is a loser who favors relaxed fit jeans and Wild Turkey.
You get so used to its presence that sometimes you even forget it’s there. You’re joking around with Sam, eating sandwiches at some picnic grounds on the way to Sioux Falls for a social visit, and you say some dumb thing to him, who knows about what. Sam rolls his eyes and shakes his head in disgust as required by the kid brother certification board and snorts “I love you, man,” in the way that means
Cas whispered harshly from somewhere behind him. It was too dark to see his face but Dean could practically
been able to see it.”
Castiel tsks and smiles indulgently. “I promise it won’t get a scratch.”
Lately you’ve been swapping in phrases that have the same rhythm or meter or whatever, so you can say them out loud without worrying anybody more than usual.
into that one,” he says. “But, for as imperfect as my life currently is…it
“Not actually a requirement,” Charlie says, crisply. “If Castiel isn’t on suppressants, just being around a bunch of sweaty new alphas could be enough to kick things off. Fooling around after probably just sealed the deal-io.” Dean must be visibly collapsing in on himself, because she jumps in to add– “But don’t kick yourself too hard, okay? They don’t teach this stuff in sex ed. And Castiel’s an adult who knows his own system really well, and it obviously took
This is a solid riff, and Dean respects it. He picks the table closest to the fire and takes a bench and Cas sits next to him, instead of opposite. Dean thought he managed to break him of this habit a few years ago, but here all things are made whole again.
“Great, then we’ll be done in time to catch Letterman. Then if you’re good maybe you can help me shimmy out of this thing.”
can’t hear the noises Sam makes on their Wednesday night Skype-sex dates, Dean absolutely
Somehow even Garth’s voice can put its hands on its hips“No way, Jose. You’re Miss Daisy for the rest of today. Tomorrow too if I had my druthers.”
“Oh my god. Are you fucking…Dean, I’m not gonna
That night you do your absolute best to lobotomize yourself (
“Meh. Metroid’s better.”
It eases off a little, after the universe ticks over. You’re so fucking relieved that you basically revert to a lower life form for awhile — you’re like a jellyfish, or a fungus, or a Yankees fan. For a few minutes there, things are pretty sweet.
” Egg Dude spits back. “Throw in the
Yoga Guy nods. “Good. I should get back to my class.” He swivels to Dean on a set of loose hips, turns his back on Sam like it’s NBD to have two hundred pounds of ramped-up alpha attorney staring down his neck.
Cas scoffs and leans back in the seat, although he doesn’t release the wheel from the iron grip. “Dean, in almost four billion years of existence
“Oh, Jesus Christ,” Dean mutters, because this is the traditional overture to an absolute diarrhea of angelsplaining.
Goddammit, that came out wrong.
“It was a poor analogy. I apologize.”
CASTIEL
So nobody really freaks out or bursts into tears or calls the news or the FBI or anything when Cas goes out in public with him, which Dean is secretly a little disappointed about, because
He’s wearing running shorts over compression leggings today, which is a real mixed bag of relief and disappointment for Dean, but the absence of a Barbie pink hairband is an unqualified plus. He’s still scruffy-faced, but the stubble is the exact same length it was three days ago – this isn’t neglect, it’s
“Okay, D-Man,” Garth chirps. “Sounds like you’re in good hands. No naps for you til tonight, lay off the booze and don’t stare at any tiny glowing screens. You call me if you run into any questions or trouble, though. I’ll be on duty, but there aren’t any big games on tonight, so Lord willing, this’ll be a quiet one.”
un-sexy.
“Super weird,” Eileen agrees, from Sam’s laptop.
“Oh, so like a
Dean tips the beer bottle in salute. “You’re a real special flavor of asshole, Cas.”
(The music slides over into
If this were a chick flick, this would be Dean’s cue to grab him by the shoulders and kiss the shit out of him and then they’d stumble back against the wall and succumb to frenzied tongue wrestling and gasping each others’ names.
He just waits.
Another shake of the head. “Anyone truly invested in eliminating me specifically in this…
CASTIEL
I know.
The interior is a little tragic, and that’s coming from Dean, a guy who currently takes naps on the same couch he lost his virginity on.
Now that the tile is down he could finally look for something a little more selfie-friendly, but it’s not like he’s had much motivation. He knows that no amount of mood lighting is gonna change the fact that he’s kicking the tires on forty but sleeping on his baby brother’s couch, that he’s still carrying some stress weight from those last few months with Dad, that he’s blown way too many nights of his life staring down the nearest available abyss. You name a mistake, Dean has probably made it, and then circled back for seconds. He’s a giant goddamn mess from soup to nuts.
Castiel is a grey silhouette next to him. “No, there were other things. Castiel always broke through eventually, so Jimmy had to come up with novel combinations every few months.”
“Horny,” says Sam, as Eileen says “Concerned.”
Then: “Do you speak English, Dean?”
Seriously though, the bird mites.
Rich monsters don’t get
Thirty minutes and two solid feet of dishes later, Dean is inevitably feeling a little internal blowback from snapping at the guy. Dean is still,
And he pulls Cas’s head towards him, then down against his own shoulder and chest. Cas’s hands peel off the steering wheel and drift to lie, palms open, up, across their undistinguished assortment of kneecaps and thighs.
“Nice. How’s that spelled?” Dean answers automatically, because for some reason strippers love being asked this.
and after an entire Abbott and Costello routine centering around
“I said you’re being a baby,” Castiel
into growing
blue) pop right back up. Dean shrugs with an entirely whiskey-induced nonchalance. “Not with guys, at least.”
Dean scoffs; Castiel fwaps blindly back at him, landing a glancing blow to a retreating elbow. “Where’s
remote, then
Castiel, though, might as well be adjusting lawn chairs – he seems totally immune to all the jiggly bits in the room. Dean finds himself devoting a sizable percentage of his mental resources to guessing whether the guy is blind, a monk, or a robot, and he only snaps out of it when he almost misses a pose. Suddenly everybody’s planted back on the mats, and Castiel’s at the front of the room, demonstrating a position that Dean can only think of as
distressing kink, and Dean feels an intense wash of pride, like a softball dad whose late bloomer just hit a game-winning double. By the time the conversation burns all the way down to the weather, the living room baseboards are ready for another coat and Ash is back with the gutter attachment for the power washer.
“Two,” Dean hazards, which is when the pain drops like a club beat right in the center of his skull. He squints it into submission long enough to ask “you okay, Cas?” Because he doesn’t need normal vision when he can
high lightbulb is, so he brings one that’s tall enough for him to replace the star on the Christmas tree in Rockefeller Center if he has to. He’s pretty sure omega gym yoga instructors don’t make enough to afford McMansions with twenty-foot ceilings in the atrium, but who knows: maybe the guy’s a…whatever the Sanskrit word for
Then he makes finger-guns.
So he kinda queases his way over the lumpy asphalt and knuckles on the driver side window and Cas jumps a fucking foot, or he would if he weren’t wearing the
Cas’s forehead wrinkles in skepticism. “I still prefer the cockroach. But some part of your soul injected itself into one of my more exposed frequencies. Under different circumstances, I would’ve stopped and excised the affected area before it spread, but. I was being pursued, and the mission had taken much longer than any of us anticipated.”
Chapter includes responsible marijuana use, mentions of past mental illness and substance abuse, birth control and infertility, past Jimmy/Amelia, silly pants.
Sam is probably telling other hunters that they’ve been
Yeah. That’s him. Forgot you already met.” Dean’s urgent need to be wiped from the face of the earth is reaching a new peak here; a nice timely gas explosion would do the trick. Fuck, that’s not gonna happen, this place runs on electric. Probably doesn’t even have a line, it’s a
Or go to couch/floor, since there’s not exactly
“So, what, if you took suppressants, they’d let you in to use the dishwasher?”
slides into the dreaded Comfy Couch Corner while Dean is anxiously dumping enough fake sugar in his coffee to give a lab rat instant pancreatic cancer. Dean turns around to find himself facing a Sophie’s choice of sexual tension scenarios: taking the overstuffed love seat (
happened.” Castiel gestures at himself with his free hand, sweeping over his whole body like he’s both Vanna White
from where it’s hanging by his side and shoves the bag into it. “They’re anti-microbial,” Cas says, with the same gravelly cadence he normally deploys for Powerful Incantations.
“Sweetheart, I’d like nothing better,” Bones answers, then clacks his knuckles on his brow with exasperation.
being eaten alive by yoga moms.”
Dean carefully peels back the painters tape from the door frame of Dad’s old bedroom. He can get away with a few minutes of focusing this hard before his brain will start fuzzing out again, and if he waits any longer it’ll be too tacky to come off clean. “So who did you think you were, when you woke up? Were you like a blank slate?“
Pay up, bitch!
“So the roof?”
“No no, no, I’d just, like. Feel bad charging you a contractor rate for something that small. I mean, I could just loan you the ladder for free.”
require travel between modalities, and if you’re capable of that, I would very much like to speak with you again.”
CASTIEL
) a couple more millimeters.
to obliterate yourself, which is a sign of progress and for which effort you absolutely deserve a round of applause from…somebody), but the piledriver just keeps on pounding away and you realize that it’s either piledrive or get pile
“Don’t need it,” she chirps. “I’m Nermo.”
versus
Burning that fucking jacket:
“Buddy, I don’t know where you get your information from, but nobody actually talks that way,” Dean tells him. “Nobody sober, anyway. Who isn’t a virgin.”
“– because you turn me on,” all three of them say in unison.
of taking prescription supps?”
“Hey, uh, nice class today,” he says, because that’s how all the ladies initiate their little teacher’s pet chitchats.
Cas is looking downright consternated now, or at least that’s what Dean
wrong color. So that’s nice! Taste the rainbow.
Dean goes to yoga again. He finds out that his hip flexors are tight as shit but his hamstrings are open to negotiation. He hears the phrase “pelvic floor” several hundred more times than he would prefer.
The skeleton perks up even more at that, grungy eye sockets sweeping up and down Dean’s body. “Are you a time traveler?” it asks. (Maybe
too vagina-esque for comfort. (Vagina? Vulva? Whatever.) “Do you experience a lot of hip and knee pain?”
For those of you perving along at home, Dean could absolutely provide a list of the hundred or so ways that having a boyfriend* with
feel awkward, which is to say longer than .0001 seconds. It’s such a trippy fucking moment that Dean doesn’t even break things up with a stupid joke or a pained glance to whatever is currently occupying the middle distance. Cas just gently lifts his hand up and moves it to gently grip the side of Dean’s shoulder, where it is borderline socially acceptable.
in conversation. Kinda strains the credulity more than the angel stuff, if Dean’s being real honest. “Castiel kept insisting that it would be a test of faith for their church, and that the Lord would provide for Jimmy’s family.”
. Sam’s asleep six feet away after his own inpatient procedure but you’re really fucking starting to panic so you say it out loud, anyway.
“Are you going back to his class?” she asks.
Somewhere in the back of Dean’s currently too-small skull, a second shoe drops, and it lands with a hollow thud. “Oh yeah. Your interior decorator.”
a trust fund keeping the dude in Spandex blend pants, it’s got so many strings attached that it might as well be fringed.
So with a sigh, he leant forward and grabbed Dean’s head with both of his hands. He felt the grace pour him and the way it heightened his gaze. He saw through Dean, saw the way his muscles and bones were starting to weaken from the lack of movement and level of nutrition that his body was used to. He saw the way his organs had weakened as well, the way his stomach usually appearing as an empty pit… had shrunk. He attempted to heal him, tried to get his muscles and bones back to the way they should be. Yet, again it was almost as if there was a forcefield… he wasn’t able to.
The worst is white ladies of a Certain Age, and it always seems to happen in the pudding aisle, for some reason. They either go cross-eyed with horniness and become indiscriminately handsy (Dean can’t blame them for the impulse, but also
It’s more like a tic — like the way Sam used to pick at his hand, or your mom used to hum the same little bit of
“Jimmy,” Castiel says. There’s not a lot to look at in the empty lot behind the strip mall, just chickweed and rusty fencing, but the muzak was starting to make Dean’s ears bleed and the highway noise is a genuine improvement. “My legal name is still James.”
CASTIEL
Cas actually
“Won’t hear me complaining.” Dean excavates a slice of olives and mushrooms, congealed just like the evening’s mood. Castiel sits down (on the floor, the weirdo) and goes on a private eyeball tour of the living room. Dean hasn’t gotten around to serious reno work in here yet, just got the hospital bed out, so the walls are still a museum retrospective of Winchester Family Hair Mistakes, 1975-2001. He sees Castiel’s eyes hit the last photo with Mom in it and zero in like some kind of grief-seeking missile.
There’s an ATM twenty minutes from here up 281. I’ll wait.
Wh...no you didn’t! The crew just lost the light but had to wrap the sequence!
does some heavy lifting for a couple weeks, then
, no, that is
Dean snorts. “Man, I’m trying to picture that for you, and it’s, uh. Really something.”
The next few minutes went in a blur between Dean dropping to the ground to check on Bobby to him interrogating the man. He revealed himself to be Castiel, which Dean of course figured, and that he was “an angel of the Lord.” He still couldn’t believe it, reliving the experience. At the time, he didn’t believe a single word of it -- thinking this dude was just bullshitting him. Whilst now even though he was incredulous, at the same time something deep inside him made him realise that Castiel was in fact telling the truth.
“What I’m trying to avoid saying,” Castiel sighs, “is that
Castiel replies, “Your soul is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” with the easy confidence of a regular latte order. With the same uncanny, 2 Blessed 2 B Stressed face he had when Dean plowed Ruby’s knife hilt-deep into Jimmy Novak’s sternum, that he had when the Empty collapsed him
Dean goes back to his class.
Cas has been driving him crazy all week, ricocheting around the bunker like a fucking pinball in search of an outlane. And now Cas is in the kitchen, and he is drying the dishes with
,” Castiel says.
,” he says, in a tone most people reserve for saying
“No, but I stopping being Jimmy around the same time that I began practicing seriously. It was part of a…very difficult life passage for me. They like to pretend it never happened.”
“Are you fucking kidding me,” Dean says.
, and some of those “for each pair sold, we send a pair to barefoot children in Antarctica” slip-ons. Without the headband his hair has transitioned from Standard Muppet straight on to the Full Fraggle and god-fucking-dammit it’s all so cute that it makes Dean want to slap him, just not on the face.
“But we’re going to find out.”
It was just presented to Jimmy as a fact. Prophecy.”
Dean is still a little too foggy to mount a convincing denial, so he just goes with his old standby, the Charming Deflection. “Hey,
Cas leans over his forearms. “What made you leave, then?”
Most monsters are broke as shit.
Castiel smiles, a full smile this time but tilting left of center, and then there’s some super awkward business with Dean pulling his phone out of his stinky gym shoes that he’d kicked off by the door and of course there’s a software update in progress, and Castiel turning out to have an Old Person phone that is
Dean spends a few nauseating weeks contemplating the purchase of — and here he learns that the human gag reflex can be conditioned, but never truly eradicated —
We had a vow
CASTIEL
Then they obviously run out of the stuff that’s approved for viewing by general audiences. Cas is still swaddled up in his beach towel burrito, so Charlie takes the excuse to send Dean out of the room to grab Cas’s clothes and an actual blanket – which Dean absolutely should’ve done way before this, but didn’t because he’s a terrible… not-even-close-to-a-boyfriend. Almost-a-hookup. Sort-of-friend-with-benefits-subject-to-further-negotiation?
“Don’t worry. It’s not contagious,” Yoga Guy says, sitting up from a weightlifting bench two feet away.
“Have you ever thought that. This whole deal. Our…thing.” Dean lets out a breath. “The way you feel about me. The way I feel about you.”
“Yes. His father-in-law was thrilled. Voices, visions, speaking in tongues – those were all important spiritual experiences. Blessings that congregants were called on to share with each other.”
Dean rolls the bottle towards him, nudges a knuckle. “You’re a real boy now, huh?”
THE EMPTY (O.S.)
trading her in for a minivan.”
“So tell me, Dean,” Castiel says, in a flawless 12-step sing-song, and licks his thumb to flip open an imaginary therapist notepad. “What’s the worst thing that ever happened to
“Congrats.”
Becky taught us about coda fics, Chuck. And that was all the opening we needed.
lot of omega.
Dean starts, and then he stands right the fuck up and backs the fuck out of the room, and the fuck down the hallway, and then the fuck out the front door to the porch. Then the fuck back into the house, the fuck into the living room to get the fuck out of his cellphone, then the fuck back out. He bashes his way through the contacts list and rings through, sitting on the line for eighteen zillion garble-y fake rings before Garth finally picks up.
On the upside of this one, Dean finally has an excuse to buy a Dyson, which he’s secretly always thought looked awesome. It is.
“Jimmy never wanted to die,” Cas says, sharpish and louder than he’s said anything in the last hour. “And Castiel
CASTIEL
“Sounds like a peach,” Dean says, before he can catch himself. “If you have a peach-related pickup line in there, man, you’d better just
fucking property damage?” (He’s a massive shithead.)
“Hey,” Dean says, sliding open one of the…walls? Doors? There’s a handle on it, and it opens, that’s what counts.
for a single angel feather for some dumb spell to solve some pointless Occult McProblem? And now Dean is picking them out of his damn teeth every morning. (No,
“That’s what-“
I didn’t think you could possibly reciprocate –
Seriously, the freakin’
“Speaking of which.” Charlie whips a little flashlight out of her Mary Poppins bag. “Garth told me about your tumble yesterday. You wanna show me those pupils so he doesn’t put out a hit on me?”
“Uh,” says Dean.
Which you could use, incidentally.)
bitsy li’l pins in my left knee, and anytime the weather’s weird, I scootch down staircases on my butt.” Dean tosses the tape ball, aiming for the center of the plastic dropcloth; it bounces off of Castiel’s ankle, instead.
Castiel frowns. “If I said…” he stops himself. “This is…what I want to say is very irregular, at least between angels and humans.”
There’s a little silence and Dean pulls the phone away from his face to make sure the call hasn’t dropped because even his insultingly expensive carrier can’t be bothered with this dead-end road. Of course that's the moment Garth says something in a tinny little voice, so Dean slaps the phone back against his ear. “Sorry,
Dean scrubs at his face, but unfortunately it doesn’t come off.
There’s another tragic little wail from the monitor. Dean clumsily circles the bedroom in the dark, bends over to land a sleep-drunk kiss on the upper half of Castiel’s left ear.
CASTIEL
“Mmkay. You realize this place is basically a desert island with a sofa, right?”
“So what, mine’s just extra loud, or day-glo, or what?”
and Dean desperately wishes he’d left something peppier in the deck when they pulled in last night.)
Dean feels just the slightest bit weird about rubbing his ass all over his brother’s precious purple foam roller, and so three days later: he’s back at The O-Zone.
try running a band saw in 95 degree heat and 70 percent humidity, or lying on a sneaker board with February racing up your ass. It is
and I’m
THE EMPTY
“But Cas, man…I…” Dean laughs, which is an abbreviated form of screaming, “I treated you like shit.”
Dean’s the only other dude in the room, but so far Castiel hasn’t picked any poses that are socially risky for somebody with a dick to attempt; it’s mostly been solidly planted stuff with reasonably butch names like Mountain and Warrior. The biggest takeaway for Dean is not so much the actual Doing Of The Yoga – which it turns out is basically pushups and burpees but in sadistically slow motion – but the fact that
from something that was probably co-written by Yoda and Mr. Miyagi. It’s real nice.
you to think. We’ve been together ever since.
, Dean and Cas are living in a semi-detached just a short thirty-minute commute to somewhere equally lame, Castiel has two literal-ass wings, and
“No,” Castiel replies, a little absently. “It wouldn’t fuck me up. But it…wouldn’t really accomplish anything, either.”
Classic story, really.
of him clattering in, because Dean’s fucking blockers are across town, nestled up against Sam’s unspeakably gross Water-Pik in the world’s tiniest bathroom cabinet. Cas lifts his head up a couple inches to suss out the disturbance. His expression is more Wet Cat than Victorian Orphan, and his face is still kind of the wrong color, but now it’s a
just on account of its vocal cords being leather shoelaces.)
joke about it.” He takes another sip of his hot water, which by now is just water-water. “I suspect that’s part of why they don’t like Castiel.”
“Mm. So Castiel told Jimmy that he was on the path to damnation. That unless he gave himself over to Castiel – to the Lord – immediately, entirely – he would die in sin, and his family would suffer the consequences. That Amelia would follow him into addiction. That Claire would be orphaned, that she would live a life of abandonment and violence. She would never know the love of God.”
That’s exactly what we
would be a restrained but thorough stress-test on the technical properties of purple jersey genie pants when his head starts pounding ominously and Castiel makes him stop and get a glass of water. The Sanskrit name for Dean’s form on his walk to the kitchen is probably Engorged Crab.
Bird mites. Holy
bugfuck.)
Dean shakes his cup a little to recirculate the sugar slurry. “So Castiel, that’s, like…your…yoga name?” Castiel glowers at him. “C’mon, man, cut me some slack. I know lots of stuff about Dremels.”
Then the clock starts running again, and you and Sam are faced with the frankly fucked-up necessity of needing a hot meal and somewhere to pee.
“No problem. I’m glad you’re back on your feet,” Yoga Guy replies in a tone that’s brisk enough to give Dean heartburn. He sets his weights back on the rack, back to Dean, and doesn’t look up into the mirror.
“Holy
Dude.
Dean kind of stares back at him, the six feet of dude and like sixteen feet of bird, and thinks
to sell at her
for those nights, man. It’s a few hours off of. You know.” He gestures at The Universe, Generally. “All this shit.”
just gets, like...everywhere. EVERYWHERE. How many times have Sam and Dean practically sold their
So, naturally, the day after this weird fiasco, Dean finally gets the work permit approved for replacing the sewer line connection. Normally he’d call in the Cuevas crew and leave them to it, but Jesse and Cesar are off on some bonkers omega-exclusive cruise – Dean struggles to think of a
So, please excuse any errors!
“stabbed in gut by angel blade” or “migraine from Hell, literally.”
has time to squeegee his own exploded brains off the sliding door and scoop them back into his skull, just a few tablespoons short of what he had before.
“Well
Dean is kinda entertained by the concept of an
cats. There are
“Well, Dean, if you were a late bloomer, you’ve certainly made up for lost time.”
CHUCK
Egg Dude silently raps his knuckles on the mirror, now flush against his door.
THE EMPTY
His name’s not Charlie.
“Probably a pack of smokes.” Dean can practically taste the question mark in the air. “Not that kind of cancer.“
Pulling on socks:
Charlie smiles.
Wait, no–
,” Dean quips, “Who can handle angel stuff without going all kibbles ’n bits.”
, amirite?”
Dean flips the pizza box closed so Cas will stop trying to reheat that last slice with just his eyeballs. Castiel blinks, rolls his shoulders back. “That worked, for awhile. Then Castiel started to talk about new subjects. Not just details of the coming Apocalypse, but demanding tests of Jimmy’s faith.” He presses the heel of his right hand against his eye, like he’s trying to pop it back into the socket. “Small things, mostly, like handing money to a stranger on the street, or standing in the shower with the hot water tap turned all the way up.”
“Dude–” Dean starts.
Castiel frowns, tightens his lips; the firelight throws a fluttering shadow across his face.
So you say it again, and then a third time, and a lot of times after that. You keep saying it, for years, in varying degrees of franticness and horniness and happiness and honestly still-fucking-angriness and whatever else is on special that week. You say it to his face and to his dick and to his back and to the mere concept of him well after he’s left the room, left the state, left the dimension. Eventually you stop bothering to say anything
“Try me,
That’s either (a) some seriously poisoned Kool-Aid or (b) so huge it’s useless, like giving somebody a galaxy for their birthday. You want unconditional love? Get a fucking dog.
happen to omegas more often. Historically.”
“Pretty much what it says on the tin, my guy,” Dean answers, and reaches for the acetylene torch.
Bones is crouched down in front of them, fists balled up in the bedsheets (it’s a relief that the bedsheets didn’t get accidentally sucked into the muscle layer or something, like one of those surgeons who leaves a sponge behind). Dean sees white guy skin and some dark messy hair and gets the gist of a decent build.
finger-stabs,
but it’s not…
like a three-day weekend, someplace woodsy that you bitch about the whole way there, and then you pull up to the cabin or whatever and it’s so beautiful and green and still outside that you actually shut up for once in your dumbass life and take a deep, clean breath that you feel all the way down to the bones of your feet.
This story is set in an AU version of Season 10. Mostly the same circumstances have occurred except No MOC!Dean. Also no Rowena!!
), or his fucking parakeet
Cas begins to walk back towards the pavement strip, and Dean follows, dumping his gross coffee out on the chickweed.“Why not go on supps, though? Don’t you miss a lot of work during heats? You could save up for a deposit somewhere else–” Dean doesn’t realize that’s he’s drifted way out of his lane and all the way up onto the median until it’s too late – Castiel’s face crumples in on impact.
,” Dean says, then realizes his hand is clutched over his mouth. He shoves it into his hair instead, to keep it out of trouble. “Fucking…
, so they wound up at the nearest Walmart, at 4am, picking up what turned about to be an unnecessarily generous supply of baby formula, along with a fresh box of shotgun shells because God bless America*. It doesn’t work, although “lots of stabbing” turns out to be a solid fallback plan, but the point is that while Sam was debating between Digestion Support or Neurological Development, Dean acquired an unprecedented familiarity with some of the products currently available to the sleep-deprived parent. So Dean finds some DIY Baby Sleep Sack knockoff patterns online and determines he can replicate and scale up the concept with some beach towels and duct tape, and the next morning he presents the lumpy but
. What happened, you get too excited and forget to suit up? It’s okay, I know I’m a lot to take in.”
Dean frantically flippers at him, twists around to plop down on the floor. The guy’s like a switch (
There’s a sunny afternoon that isn’t the usual
“No,” Dean says, to the great surprise of his frontal cortex, which was busy kicking the shit out of itself. “No,” he says again, just to make sure it wasn’t a fluke, that that answer actually came out of him and entered the living air between them.
“No, I live out there because I’m not medicated, and some of the family find my cycles distracting.”
be desperate.
“Well, it’s your lucky day, boys. Along with the usual wankery, there
So on the downside, Dean’s dignity has been absolutely atomized in front of two dozen assorted suburban moms;
Fucking
She leant in and whispered softly, “You shouldn’t have come here, Dean Winchester.”
“Activating the release mechanism will free him completely, and restore his…restore
Dean sits up. “Sorry, sorry I need another moment to process this. What are we talking here, two-button? Double-breasted? Tweed sports coat? Like was Jimmy a striped-tie man, or was he more into solids?”
He remembered exchanging a look with Bobby and swiftly reaching behind him for Ruby’s knife and keeping it behind his back.
things for him (and, more importantly,
Cass and I hooked up all the way back in 9x06, man.
Castiel looks up and drowns Dean in his swimming pool eyes, which Dean has learned belong to a radio ad salesman in Illinois, who Castiel possessed a few years back before jumping several decades into the past to run some errands and getting rope-a-doped by the Men of Letters and then warehoused in their basement; after they all spontaneously bought the farm, he just slowly ran out of the power reserves needed to keep his vessel from turning to mush and hey presto, talking skeleton.
“C’mon, never? You went rogue on the company.”
“About five hundred pounds.”
of actual turtles, or is made to put
The man turns and fixes him with an expression of rage-fueled grief that Castiel has only seen in telenovelas and his mother’s vodka phase.
CASTIEL
They’re stalled maybe ten feet down from the gym doors, and the nice omega ladies are emerging from their minivans and SUVs, hoisting mat bags and reusable ceramic travel mugs and a bunch of other stuff that they could use to beat Dean to death for the crime of making the yoga teacher cry.
. Dean points out that they do not, in fact, have a small child (FINGERS CROSSED), so...?
are you ever bad at this,” Dean says, with that signature brand of fond horror he special-orders just for Castiel, Angel of the Gourd.
CHUCK
Cas looks up and into Dean’s eyes with the wary, elegant patience of a deer. “What is it that you would be showing me, Dean?”
“Horny little motherfuckers?” Dean suggests.
So am-
?” Dean feels like maybe he’s running a little short on oxygen.
. “I guess I just assumed they…wouldn’t let you drive, either? And your uncle kind of called me a, uh, dealer or something, and with the legal name stuff, I know a lot of people don’t like to carry ID with an old name on it, and that plus the biking and the busing, I–”
community? Yes, it was. Repeating Castiel’s testimony earned Jimmy a great deal of approbation.” Castiel takes a final bite and sets the crust of his slice back in the box, because apparently nobody can be a perfect ten. “That means approval. FYI.”
not very handy,” he adds, and then casually peels forward to plant his palms on the floor, a version of which image will feature prominently on Dean’s tombstone.
Then the wave is rolling towards him and he enters that slim moment of body-physics where you either take a lungful and commit to diving under the break, or you kick out against the undertow, arch your back to meet the blow, and let yourself be flown all the way up to the waiting shore––
It was a split second flicker, a small memory that popped up from Dean’s mind and then disappeared again. Cas saw himself, through the eyes of Dean. It was in Pontiac, when Dean and Cas came face to face when Cas had taken Jimmy Novak as his vessel. He could see himself looking at Dean, just for a split second, before it faded to black again.
“Fuck no,” Dean answers, before Sam gets a chance to launch into it.
An umbrella term, yeah. Reclaimed and shit.
“Crowley, why don’t we roleplay
“You infected me,” Cas says.
here, from a guy whose brain is apparently a three-ring circus, but that’s the kind of quibbly semantic shit that sent Sam to Stanford Law and Dean to the loading dock at Lowe’s.
” Dean barks.
He wakes up at There Is No God o’Clock, when the room is just light enough for him to tell that Cas isn’t there. Maybe he really is doing naked sun salutations to greet the dawn, in which case Dean definitely wants to see what the dick protocol is (proto-cock-ol? Nope, too big of a reach, too early for the attempt).
Cas keeps absent-mindedly trying to groom Dean — who, in case it still needs to be said at this point, possesses zero-point-zero feathers of his own — so he goes after Dean’s hair, instead. Dean has to stop him after his second hour of trying to straighten out a cowlick. “I don’t understand how you can
He sets the glass of water against his temple and lets his eyes close.
Bones sighs (how? With what lungs?). “The last person who tried to free me was a demon.” He shifts a little, maybe surprised that he can say this out loud. “It had been so long since somebody had spoken to me…I’m afraid I came close to actually enjoying his company. But he was no better than his kind usually are.”
s and
“So what’s a better one?”
Dean flaps his hand to wave off the offer and also the image. “Don’t worry about it, man. It’s closer to beer o’clock, anyway.”
fossil, because Castiel is staring down at his thighs.
the jet ski.
Castiel smiles at that. “I don’t actually know the answer,” he admits. “And it would take an
. He frantically whappity-whaps his hand free of it and there are some chip casualties, but his dignity is worth risking a visit from the local raccoon mafia.
it. Namaste ‘
“Their, uh, spiritual poolhouses?”
“Checkmate, asshole,” you say, in case he’s worried you’re gonna off yourself in the bathroom or something.
Bingo.
“I’m more concerned,” Cas huffs, “that I am unable to defend
Dean flips him the bird and starts in on the dishes.
The goddamn dish towel is what finally does it.
He arrives kinda late, takes the Shame Spot back by the gross loaner mats. To judge by the angles of their butts and heels, they’re already warmed up and a few cycles in. Castiel is cycling along with them instead of just narrating, and has his head too far down to spot Dean’s entrance. Dean unpeels the mat Sam swears he only uses for body-weight workouts and does his best to pop into downward-facing dog without dislocating his hip. He’s pretty well bricked in behind the Great Wall of Karens so Castiel doesn’t make it back to him for any adjustments – at least that’s what Dean hopes the reason is.
Cas is still on the dropsheet, but he’s at least sitting up, and he’s not shivering or sweating blood and his head’s not spinning around on his shoulders. He is, in fact, slurping his way through an itty bitty box of apple juice.
It wasn’t even a particularly creepy skeleton; it was in kind of a “just chillin’” pose on the floor, inside a big circle of greasy black ash.
Dean sighs. “Don’t worry, he’s not sending over a plumber or something. It’s a nurse he knows from Memorial. His name’s Charlie.”
CASTIEL
They both heave tiny sighs of relief into the ensuing calm, followed by a silence that takes at least ten seconds to become awkward.
Dean’s lizard brain still runs the numbers on what
You try to imagine him saying it instead.
“Castiel’s voice was gone, and I was in a very broken, very mortal body, so the most reasonable conclusion was that it had all been a psychotic delusion. The medical professionals were inclined to agree, obviously. Mostly they were concerned that I was dissociating, and how that might impact
“Then you understand.”
Dean’s eyes pop right up. The kitchen’s pretty dark now, just the undermount light above the range keeping it from terminal murk – but he can still make out that Castiel’s face is parked in Neutral, like he wants Dean to have a safe, judgement-free space to call him a fucking loon.
“Only I’m given to understand that we are at least…in
looked like –– they belong to somebody whose main job is destroying people, places, or things. They’re hands that how to play the cello, or make tables from reclaimed wood, or give soapy, encompassing handjobs in the shower on cold evenings.
Dean scoffs. “Yeah. Li’l bit.” The one good thing he got out of that particular shitshow of a summer was learning how to frame busted doors and glaze new window panes.
“Because I’d like to know what you’re making me for breakfast,” says Bones, his voice trailing off as Dean books it down the stony corridor.
Dean shakes his head and it feels like there’s a full load of sudsy laundry in there. “No, I mean…you can’t…drive?”
but his dick takes a pass. Nice to know it has
that Dean could strangle him right here and now and no jury would convict.
“I got busy.”
“We should exchange insurance information,” he says, numbly. Behind him, the movers are frantically collecting ivory keys in a trashbag.
delivery, but the whole thing was just…weird. It was weird, right?
This is something Dean knows about due solely to one
“I’d rather kill myself.”
“Okay, uh,” Dean pinches at the bridge of his nose, “there’s a lot to unpack there.”
The point is,
Dean slaps the hood – Mom's wedding ring clacks on the metal. There'll probably be a scratch. “What… as, like, a
“Can I kiss you?” Castiel asks.
(…wait, right?)
“Holy fuck.”
, dude,” Dean says, and shoots an exasperated expression at Cas. Now there’s an actual 80-proof smirk, tucked in there at the midline between scruff and shag.
“Are either of you religious?” He crosses his arm bones over each other.
So the tortilla chip shows up one day. Don’t worry too much about the details here, just take it for granted that it either required a heroic effort of years that nearly broke you, or that he just showed up unsolicited on the porch like a copy of
Yeet?? C’mon man, this is my last scene. I don’t even have a line, I’m just a fucking special effect. Throw me a bone here.
the asscheeks of 1845.
Sharing a bathroom. The shower curtain rod, and consequently the security deposit, are early casualties. The medicine cabinet follows swiftly behind. Shower hijinks are not even an option.
for the feathers and asks in a willowy voice if they’d ever consider turning some of them into
I’m ready.
It’s still a huge leap up from the digitals and secondhand uprights he’s suffered through in the past. No more midnight subway rides home from the conservatory practice rooms. The only neighbor below him is Deaf; the only neighbors above are pigeons.
“Dean,” says the meadow, looking both freaked out and relieved below a jungle-print headband, “I’m
Yet before she could finish, Cas was already in front of her with his hand to her head. He never got enjoyment from smiting creatures -- it had always been his job. Most of the time, it was a mechanical procedure for him -- quick and easy, in and out. However, he felt a small sense of joy from watching the witch before him burn. She deserved it after what she did to all those people, for what she had just done to Dean.
pain. Mostly in my ass.”
. (Omega was hot Barbie pink, of
His shoulders drop and his face goes grim and slack and it just
»»————-————-««
“Yeah, I was…it was a dumb joke. But I mean it, just not in a ‘playing doctor’ way.”
bed. But – and Dean can’t emphasize this enough – there is a
be worth something, or maybe he’ll crumble into dust and Be Free, or maybe he’ll just stop being chained to the basement wall, in which case he can become their skeleton butler or something.
), and he’s also never been alone with him, in an empty house, after dark, with a brain injury, surrounded by power tools.
list), but, in his weaker moments, Dean has to admit that he’s kind of going to miss some of the goofy, irritating shit, too — like finding a six-inch feather in the veggie crisper (how? why?), or watching Cas fwap his wings out just in time to accidentally clothesline a jogger, or even the strangely compelling, sorta cheesy smell that starts to float around the house if Cas goes a little too long between hosedowns.
pocket, thank Christ) and shoots Sam a courtesy text.
has been retired since Sam got a hold of it and absolutely ran it into the ground) calls out to him after class is over. Dean’s inner teenager is instantly certain he’s either about to be sent to detention, which always sucked but was at least a known quantity, or asked If Everything Is Okay At Home, which was an existential threat.
CASTIEL
“Oh. Uh. That’s cool, I’m not really a tea…person.”
“I’d be more worried about what happens if it does,” Crowley sighs.
So it’s kind of rare to gank somebody with a place this nice.
Sharon And Don look down at their wings and then up at Castiel and then down at the wings and then up at Castiel and they are clearly teetering on the edge of a Midwestern politeness failure-based nervous breakdown. But then Cas, smooth as a margarine commercial, gently takes the dish from Sharon’s frozen hands, examines the contents for a silent moment, and says “it’s alright. They weren’t personal friends.”
“Not if I kill you first,” Sam replies, and slaps the roof of the car a couple times, like he’s patting Dean firmly on the head. Which is a thing Sam can
for 600, Alex.
? That movie is so messed up. But Kate Winslet,
“The one who picked you up at the gym?” Cas keeps his eyes diplomatically averted, pulls a couple of mismatched mugs out of the single cabinet.
CASTIEL
towel, for things we
Bi works. But, you know, 2020 style.
Dean takes a swallow of beer. “I said: there’s no heaven.”
“No, it’s… I mean, he seems fine. He hasn’t, like, slipped a ‘help me’ note or anything. I was just…”
or “a bunch of Japanese symbols that some clueless white girl probably has tattooed over her ass,” needs additional citations for verification. Despite that shortcoming, Dean is ready to accept as fact that it
It’s not that Dean isn’t appreciative of yoga; its practitioners have done some
Somehow it’s still the nicest thing anybody’s ever said to you.
power line and then half of a dry-aged raccoon and an opossum that has recently graduated from playing dead to professional dead-being. The neighborhood crows obviously love that their front step is now a roadkill café; Dean has to bat increasing numbers of them away with the kitchen broom in order to relocate their horrible snack to the edge of the nearest storm drain.
can tolerate. He’s not sure if he’s worried or pissed or just freaked out, but those are all feelings that respond well to bashing the crap out of some drywall, so he drives back to Dad’s place and does that until Sam texts to threaten him with the prospect of a cold slice of veggie lovers pizza for dinner.
“And that, in a mere matter of
Cas is quiet a second, then sighs. “It’s because of particulate matter,” he says. “Pollution from forest fires and carbon emissions. It changes how the light refracts through the atmosphere.”
“Shit. That sucks.”
It gets through half a ring before Castiel picks up. “Hello?”
, not because of...
No, I get it. Same.
“Sure, yeah, you left your emergency arms in the trunk. So you just popped out a new one. No big.”
“Cool, so, being murdered in your sleep, not a concern.”
When I look in the mirror, I’ll always see Jimmy – it’s an unavoidable reminder of how much it cost, for me to exist. Castiel was invisible, but when I hear other people say his name, it does the same thing.” He shifts forwards on his toes, deeper into the crouch. “Does that make sense?”
, though, Dean is pretty fucking relieved that he finds this entire situation so
“Hello?” Eileen says, from halfway behind the throw pillow. "What's going on?" She’s an only child.
“Well, he wasn’t particularly good at it, but when your advertisers mostly belong to the faith community as well, being the preacher’s son-in-law is a very effective sales pitch.”
baggy everywhere but the ankles,
Castiel gives Dean a half-lidded happy gecko smile. “Yoga was part of the physical therapy program I went through, and I wound up liking it. There are still a few poses I have to modify, but I’m at close to full mobility. I’m lucky that it’s just a couple vertebrae, though.”
“Awesome,” says Dean. And it actually is.
inexpensive, and the Dyson kind of maxed them out on household purchases.
Sam ticks over to a facetious frown. “You, or him?”
, so by the law of averages there are probably a few hundred people out there who would happily use his face as a dartboard.
isn’t exactly
. And nobody needs that. Nobody wants that.)
Dean’s maybe getting a bit of a contact buzz.
,” Castiel hisses. He says it just low enough that Dean almost misses it in the rustling of all the financial spreadsheets.
Dean shakes his head, leans back onto his left arm so he can pinch out the ache building between just behind the bridge of his nose. “No, seriously, I’m good. I spend a lot of time alone in this dump listening to my own brain. It’s nice to get out of my own head for a bit, you know?” He pauses just long enough to catch up with his own mouth. “I mean. Obviously you do. Jesus Christ, I swear I
Dean uncorks a fresh bottle of holy water.
And it’s him, and it’s you. And if you hadn’t absolutely digested this thing in advance, if you hadn’t broken each word down into its atomic particles and cut and pasted them into your DNA so that 45
The phrase is:
But whatever.
“Hmn?”
followed by
not one for woo-woo scent descriptions – nobody
“That was the job for the day. Jimmy was a deacon, and the pastor’s son-in-law. You’re supposed to lead by example.”
That was a very long speech you had me deliver. Almost enough to take us to end credits. And then on to another show entirely.
“It’s not a goddamn date! And the water’s back on, the tankless is just backord–”
“It’s cool,” Dean coughs, and his hand is
Granted, what the fuck does half past midnight even
for that shit to go out of fashion, because granite is heavy and fragile and expensive and way too damn cold and slippery for counter sex.) Instead, he’s in a mirrored room full of Omega mommies, face down on a questionably sanitized foam mat, listening to his Weirdest Crush of All Time (Male Division) speak in a hypnotic cult leader voice about
finger at Dean without even bothering to turn his head.
pluses to the situation (see: the
(If Castiel
“So is it the Britney thing?”
“What,” Dean says, as she waltzes in.
could be part of the O-Zone’s whole kumbayah, just-between-us-girls vibe, or maybe Castiel is just the super handsy kind of hippie. Either way, he’s almost on a constant prowl through the classroom, picking his way through the jungle of butts and elbows until he spots a wobbler.
new grand piano?”
” she says, and mimes bullets bouncing off of his pecs.
“I dunno, the bit where apparently angels are I guess heavenly
“It’s been years, though,” Dean rasps, not looking up yet. “I was a kid when you got me out of Hell, Cas. I’ve done a lot of shit since then. Maybe souls get stretch marks.”
The face slowly cranes upwards, and Dean is really truly ready for anything here; tusks, fangs, Klingon forehead ridges, gingivitis. Instead he gets a faceful of hot math teacher. Bones’s eyes are still closed, but he’s frowning like he’s mentally reviewing his strategy to explain the quadratic equation to a roomful of horny teens.
have something to do with this. I think he wants me to check the library for another book. Maybe there’s one misshelved or something that I can actually use to translate. Or I can Google around, maybe there’s a subreddit.”
“If Castiel
CASTIEL
Dean snorts, looks away, but his hand is still on lockdown. “Worse than going hungry, huh?”
“As a user? Or as an omega.”
CASTIEL
and after a few necessary but admittedly unoriginal jokes, Dean pulls up a website with an exhaustive photographic tutorial on how to convert a horse trailer “for the safe and sanitary transport of ostriches, emus, and/or cassowaries.” Cas points out that he’s not an ostrich, emu, and/or cassowary, and Dean counters that he clearly
“It’s the Britney thing,” Sam and Eileen say in unison.
CASTIEL
“I don’t,” Cas says thickly, “really give a damn about the age difference, Dean,” and cracks into a chuckle.
Dean tries to give him a pre-emptive “it’s cool, we’re cool, everything is cool” bro-nod, but it’s a little borked by the ice pack currently bleeding out against his left temple, so Sam comes charging over at 107%. He’s sweated through his blockers already, and the stink of Worked Up Alpha Dude detonates like a parcel bomb the second the door closes behind him.
“Nn-nh. Yours,” he says, and digs a heel into Dean’s shin.
“Honestly, dude, I’ve heard weirder shit,” Dean says. He
Or the guru is smoking it, and the dropout’s just kind of…supervising, because weed plus a concussion just
After a moment Dean says “Yeah,” with practiced neutrality. He’s got some similar tallies, written in Sharpie on the back of his eyelids.
ensemble, “– wearing a
Cas had seen the witch move in the dark, just as Dean wasn’t concentrating on what was in front of him. Cas had called: “Watch out!” but it had been too late. He just had to stand motionless as his friend flew through the air and straight into a nearby wall. He immediately went to move as his manifested blade was securely in his hand. Yet, he was frozen to the spot. He stared as the witch walked past him, obviously keeping him locked in place through some sort of hex. He knew this witch was strong and overly powerful, the curse she had placed on the five victims was enough for him to deduce that. Yet, he never thought she’d be
He went to Dean’s mind and touched it, wanting to see if there was anything he could see. At first, there was nothing but black as per usual. Nothing but empty. Though, he pressed forward trying to grasp onto anything. He wasn’t ready to give up just now, knowing that there could
What a world. “You can ask me anything, Dean. I hope we’re both past being offended.”
CASTIEL
, and the seraph Castiel — Shield of God, Heavenly Soldier of the Lord,
CHUCK
warn you that, omega or not, it’s usually not a great idea to have sex with somebody for the first time when they’re in heat.”
Another painful pause, then Cas looks away, swallows hard, closes his eyes. Takes a deep breath. Dean just stands there and kind of wobbles in the wind. He’s down to hug the guy, take a slap across the face, do the wall-kissing thing – whatever needs to happen next.
“I have a high-up lightbulb that needs changing, and I can’t reach it. I’d like to hire you.”
Castiel snorts.
shit. Ain't you the lucky one.”
“Fresh out,” Charlie answers. “But how do you feel about
Dean glances around the front room, which is up to off-hours site safety standards for people who have
“Jesus Christ.”
...buddy
high lightbulb. Yeah, uh, I definitely have a ladder. That’s kinda more of a handyman thing, though–”
be back at Dad’s place, pestering the granite countertop people. (Dean can’t
Dean rubs his free hand along the back of his neck – there’s a mean-ass little knot forming up in there from glaring down at all those dishes. “Look, Cas…it’s been a fuckin’ week, okay? But you…don’t need to…do stuff like this.” He waves the dishtowels half-heartedly, plastic crinkling as they flop back and forth over his knuckles. “I
Welp, there’s the mental image of Castiel as a nice naked Christian dad, gritting his teeth and turning a hot, raw red under the stream. Dean’s dick checks in, just making sure everybody’s food is tasting okay, can it get anyone a refill, etc.
Ah, yes. Tell me, who’s writing the next episode, Cass?
Blessedly even the meatheads manage to maintain their chill as Dean introduces them to this human therapy llama, although Benny’s eyebrows hold an emergency meeting with his hairline. Nevertheless, he sticks out his big paw, and Castiel takes it with both hands and holds it a bit too long, and Benny’s gaze flicks over to Dean’s and holds
Luckily Dean’s body turns around without him and notes that Castiel is just serving up his usual chill Muppet half-smile, so he calms the fuck down and sticky-feets his way over to the back of the room.
Castiel smiles, but not nearly enough. Dial it back, Winchester.
“No, no, I want to try.” Castiel takes a deep
“You wanna call it even?”
It was the skeleton’s comment about Dean’s
bad,” he says. “I mean, I don’t think.”
Dean nods. “Yeah. That’s fair. I wouldn’t be dumb enough to say that around me, either.”
that a new one? I know a lot of strange shit went down in Purgatory.”
Sam makes a little evaluatory noise. “Sexually harassed by a skeleton,” he chuckles. “I think that’s a new one. Even for
“Liwl probbem,” Dean observes, finishing off his sandwich. “Def nuh heggen.”
) use of hair gel. “Jesus, Cas, it’s not like I’m
Castiel doesn’t say anything else. He just keeps standing there, elbows on the concrete, hands cupped together over the void. The way the trenchcoat bags over him makes him look like one of those water birds that has to dry out its wings after every dive and is clearly pissed about it.
Dean rubs his face, takes a slug of the water. “Thanks,” he says, keeping his eyes locked at the level of those scandalously naked ankles. “
»»————-————-««
Not out loud, or at least, not where anybody can hear you. That would be weird.
“Thank you for attending,” Castiel replies, which concludes the greeting ritual and releases them both into the worrisome territory of unscripted conversation. “I was wondering if I could ask you a favor.”
“Where the
“Holy fuck. Did he threaten to crowbar his kneecaps, too?”
Haha I’m fine guys, this is hilarious. Seriously Castiel, I’m super flattered that you think I could  come up with anything worse than dating an unemployed closeted dude in his forties who’s obsessed with Zeppelin and lives with his adult brother in a basement in rural Kansas, LMAOOOO enjoy couple’s therapy, bitch
Dean gives him a long, languid blink and bites his lip, and Castiel lags for half a second before rolling his own eyes. “I see death hasn’t refined your sense of humor.”
Dean gives him a look, because bullshit. “C’mon. I’ve seen you knocked out before. Down for the count.”
There’s no network connection at Dad’s place, which definitely isn’t an apt metaphor for their entire lives.
You come out and the car’s moved and you have a hot second of freakout, then you see Sam’s just pulled it away from the pump and parked in the lot and honest to God (go team!) you almost burst into tears. What the fuck.
“That they reapplied every forty minutes? On
“Oh, not really,” Castiel says, in a brittle-sounding swing at casual.
“Any yoga class that can’t handle a new practitioner clearly needs some ruining,” Castiel says, reaching up to adjust the headband, and Dean gets a full-face wave of Yoga Guy Smell and immediately thinks of at least three other things that need some ruining. “Have you heard the phrase
“Yeah thanks for that.” He said just as he hurtled the knife straight into the man’s heart. He took a step back immediately as the man froze for a second and looked out at the handle of the knife which jutted out of his chest. He watched as he blinked, grabbed the handle and slowly pulled it out while staring at Dean. He then dropped it and gave Dean an almost amused, albeit slightly pissed off stare.
“There’s a patio,” Cas says, taking his hands out of his pockets.
“I was,” Castiel nods. “I took some liberties with my assignment,” he adds, squinting. “I flattered myself that I shared a special affinity with The Righteous Man.”
But with Castiel, you make do with just the four.
“Sweet,” he mumbles.
Dean blinks. “But you don’t have a car.”
“So I’ll pay them. Castiel’s coming, you can show him your nurturing side.”
He remembered the way he tilted his head and stared at Dean with what only could resemble puppy dog eyes. And then, as if he was staring into Dean’s soul, he deadpanned:
fuckin’
He sticks in headphones and hamsters away on a treadmill for twenty minutes, catches the back half of a vintage episode of Dr. Sexy (red boots era – season 3? Season 4?) on the close-captioned TV. He only collects two and a half dirty and/or confused looks, because virtually everybody who comes through the main floor heads straight to the little glass tank of a group exercise room at the back. It’s a parade of stretchy leggings and rolled up foam mats in pastels and jewel-tones, so no mystery what’s on the menu.
“Sure,” says Dean.
»»————-————-««
Do I need to fight some yoga moms for your honor?”
“But the balance remains in your favor. Dean, are you genuinely afraid that you —
Cas shrugs. “I can’t see their souls under ordinary circumstances.”
gotta find out that last name) but no voicemail or text, which is kind of amorphously stressful. Dean calls him back, but Castiel fails to pick up, and the nice robot lady informs Dean that the voicemail inbox for this user has not been set up.
Cas narrows his eyes, glances back at the room full of overpaid kid-genius engineers enthusiastically rolling gutterballs.
It helps that Dad was always neat as a pin – forty years out from EAS and the man still folded his bedsheets like they were the fucking stars and bars – but like most dudes in the biz he was usually too busy working to do more than basic maintenance on his own place (
about the guy; sure, they’re stuck in the same open plan office suite, but it’s not like they share any interests. It isn’t clear if Cas Novak even
Then he smiles a little, lets his hand trail away as he steps past Dean and back into the bunker.
they – “ Dean paddles his hand in an
Charlie clucks. “Little heat nurse humor for you there. Laughter’s the best medicine, amirite?”
“Yeah. Keep him talking. Let’s see how close he can get.”
delusion,” Castiel says, leaning back against the counter and fingering the scruff under his chin with exaggerated nonchalance. Dean would engage with this but it suddenly feels like the stone ball from
This doesn’t get the laugh he’s hoping for. Yoga Guy smiles, politely, and scoops down to put his dumbbells away. “I’m pretty sure,” he answers. Ouch.
“Yeah, okay, that checks out. Mr. Snuffleupagus. He’s a big woolly mammoth kind of thing with drag queen eyelashes. And, uh Big Bird – he’s the one who’s a really big bird, FYI-”
Cas shrugs, a bit helplessly.
Dean’s form is a little off, his mouth is dry so his tongue kind of catches on the back of his teeth, and the angles between them are weird and Not Great, his hamstrings are maxed out leaning forward this far and he really hasn’t kissed this incompetently since middle school, but then Castiel sets those warm fingertips on the side of Dean’s face, and suddenly Dean’s just doing something hard, instead of something fucking excruciating.
Cas laughs, a hard, real laugh (
work party?”
“Jesus, how long have you been in here?”
Somewhere, Benny snorts.
There’s just one patch of shadow in the whole scene, looming out on the vast concrete slab of deck.
“See? Nothin’ to worry about.”
, will smell like a wet fucking chicken for days afterward. Febreze does not help.
Dean’s never been able to figure out what it
“Takes one to know one,” Dean says, and they smile at each other like a couple of real grade-A dum-dums, and that’s the first night.
The moon is still skulking around below the roofline, but the stars are out. Dad’s street isn’t officially paved, just a gravel drive, so there’s no streetlight either; it’s hell when you drop your keys, but makes for a cool screensaver on clear nights. They’re out front, leaning against the grill of Dad’s SUV. The hood of the Impala has a friendlier grade, but two guys in the range of a buck seventy-five each is a bit much to demand of an older woman.
…yeah, okay. Real funny. Grow up.
“It does,” he agrees.
. “Dirty,
This has been a very helpful conversation.
Oh my god.
malfunctioning, it’s that Castiel
Cas’s head kicks back in a laugh that kinda surprises them both. “Yes,” he says, grinning. “I did. I was very displeased, and very concerned I’d be found out and judged unfit for duty. And I very much was. Unfit, that is. Though I was not
, but even a stopped clock is right twice a hookup.
“Jimmy’s job was gone, obviously, so I lost his insurance after a few months; I don’t know if it was the facility that tracked down Jimmy’s family, or if Amelia did. Jimmy’s parents had both died in the intervening years, but the rest of the family swooped in before I could be discharged. They offered to pay off the debt and take care of my ongoing care and housing, as long as I cooperated with their preferred legal arrangement.”
“No, not usually. I house-sit sometimes, when the owners are at one of their other homes.”
By lunch the next day (bologna sandwiches, so sue him, he’ll make something good later) they’re pretty sure that Bones doesn’t pose any known, immediate threat – other than to Dean’s sanity – so they switch gears to springing him. Maybe he
prototype to Castiel.
“Okay,” Sam rasps. “Light the candle and we should be good to go. Any last words, Bones?”
“So how come you never knew it?” Dean asks, feeling freedom turn into a hunger or something like vertigo. “If you can see my soul, how could you not
Cas shakes his head and honors Dean with a twitch of a smile on the left side. “No, they were fine. Stinky, yes, but fine. It was actually the house.”
of this shit. Which is 100% the least sexy thing on earth, it’s some genuinely, seriously pathetic goo goo crap, and that’s why nobody will ever hear a fucking word about it. People will ask “so what’s it like, with the
Dean absolutely did not scream, but it’s possible there was a yelp.
“You’re a compassionate person, Dean,” Cas says. “Don’t apologize for that.”
bit shittier, which is also definitely not a perfect metaphor.
Charlie lets Dean twist in the wind for a few more centuries before she finally takes pity and cuts him down from the Asshole Tree. “Were you…the reason Castiel went into heat?” she finishes for him.
“What?” Cas asks, scooting forward. An angel.
“Excuse me?” Dean spits back. Weird Name McFussypants doesn’t want to drop the cash on a mediator so they can do this in separate rooms as god intended; fine, Dean doesn’t either, because you can’t exactly swing by Pep Boys for parts that fit on a ’67. But that means he’s obligated to say shit directly to Dean’s face, no passing off trash talk in
“Uh, I dunno that I should be the one who – I mean. Was I, um.”
“Seriously? Won’t I –“
gave you some kind of STD?” Dean finishes.
“So, uh. What do imaginary angels talk about?” Dean asks, around a slightly hazardous amount of pizza, because he’d like to keep at least
“Ah. I’d offer you coffee, but I don’t drink it, and I don’t have enough guests to justify keeping any.” Of course he doesn’t drink coffee. Castiel probably wakes up at dawn and energizes with nude sun salutations
Castiel sighs. “You
Yeet!
“Yeah, I could also probably stand not to be such a dick about it.”
“Shut up. Go run along the highway and get hit by a car.”
more on-brand if she annoyed the shit out of him.
Fine. Great.
“But you can’t drive it,” Dean says, trying hard not to fuzz out again.
“I’d really rather not. I’m here to look after you, but I’ve been talking about myself for the last two hours.”
He remembered looking at the angel with a feeling of confusion and dislike. Despite the fact he may have brought him back, he didn’t care for him or what he seemed to stand for. At the time, the angel was too indifferent for Dean’s liking… too strange and foreign. He still could see how the angel looked that way through the memory, but he had a niggling feeling deep inside him that there was more to this angel. Whatever version of himself now didn’t see the angel negatively… in fact, there was this warmth he felt instead. He didn’t know why or how he felt this way, but he knew one way or another… that he was going to find out.
“You got a raging case of the Deans.”
“– I get it,” Castiel cuts in – kinda snappish on a Castiel scale, but he sighs right after. “I see how you could assume that.”
Cas frowns at the joint. “It’s medical,” Cas says. “I don’t use benzodiazepines anymore. Zachariah isn’t thrilled about it, as you’ve seen, but it means my aunt doesn’t have anybody left in the house to steal them from, either, so we’ve called it a draw.”
“I knew who Jimmy was, and that his body and mine were the same, and I had all his memories. I also knew that, fundamentally, I was a different person. But I was able to recognize that Castiel probably wasn’t real.”
and that was obviously not happening
makeout session first, some A+ Fooling Around considering the constraints they’re operating under: there’s only one spare pair of pants between them, nary an (
It happened in a split second.
And check out the Reversebang socials for more brilliant stories!
He shuffles out into the kitchen – there’s water running somewhere, but it’s dark in here, and the dishwasher’s currently disconnected for the crime of being a gross piece of shit, so it’s gotta be the master bath. He wanders down the hallway, past the light-damage craters left by dress uniform photos and kindergarten report cards, Zeppelin concert posters, a German shepherd calendar from the last year Dean wore boot-cut jeans.
it’s their standard-issue disaster: pack of dumbass witches (always with the dumbass witches. Where do they find the
Amazing. Calling another fucking omega guy a
“What did you think, Dean?” he asks.
”s in places like this, even the ones with extremely earnest signs about Inclusive Spaces in the windows. This one has three. They involve rainbows and that super unfortunate cartoon handwriting font. It does not bode well.
to come off mid-season hiatus.
Castiel smiles a little more convincingly, but it still doesn’t reach his eyes. “There are really only the two,” he says, and holds his palms out to the warmth of the fire.
It was very moving.
One of the neighbors has that homesteading hippie brain disease that drives an otherwise normal-seeming person to brew their own beer and raise a bunch of chickens despite living within five hundred yards of a fully functioning Hy-Vee. There’s a week where one of the wee little velociraptors seems to be processing some kind of trauma because it starts yelling at dawn and keeps going until well past the hour that swearing is allowed on network TV.
charge and you’ll have ten years to consider exactly how much I’m
“I still would like to make things up to you for last week. Would you please consider letting me pay you for your time, at least?”
Cas sighs, lets his shoulders down, closes his eyes. Stays still for a long, fragile moment, which shaves a few hours off the back end of Dean’s life. Then he opens his eyes again, nails Dean with the high-beams. Guides Dean’s hand back against Dean’s own chest.
Leilani at the front desk only seems mildly surprised, though. Once they clear up that he’s not here to buy a gift certificate for his wife, or his boyfriend, or his teenage child (
Dean rolls his eyes. “Just bein’ a goddamn diva,” he sighs.
The fire pops and a log shifts; Cas glances over at the kerfuffle, absently lifts his fingers to his chin like he’s looking for an old scar. “In Hell, when I retrieved you…I had to grip your raw soul. I was meant to wear a gauntlet, so I wouldn’t be burned.”
by about two tenths of a second. Well, what else is new.
Jack likes it okay.
“Did you kill him?” Dean asks, now that he’s semi-coherent and wrapped around a cup of coffee in the kitchen.
“So what,” Cas says, without a single molecule of playfulness or seduction, “is it that you want us to show each other?”
Cas swallows in three-part harmony. “You took a very large fall. You need to remain still until we can get an ambulance here.”
Cas sighs and his attention comes back down to the table. “By the time I received the authority to restore your soul to your body, the infection had spread almost past the point of containment. That’s why I resisted taking a vessel at first. I worried that occupying a human form would speed up the process.”
might include
Dean gives him an
, either.
This should by all rights be an
doorbell.
“Cool beans,” Charlie laughs. “Here, touch up your blockers, you’re a lil whiffy.” She tosses him a little travel bottle of the medical-grade stuff, the kind that doesn’t doesn’t just break up your individual stink molecules but straight-up bricks your glands. Medical blockers always make Dean feel like he’s smuggling marbles in all of his ticklish places, which isn’t as tee-hee as it sounds, but sparing Cas is worth the discomfort. He retreats to the bathroom so Charlie isn’t treated to the sight of him scrubbing at his pits ’n bits, but she nods in approval when he comes back out smelling like the void.
Dean starts, but Charlie cuts him off with the snap of a fresh blue glove on her wrist. Dean’s asshole reflexively tightens in self-defense, and if she didn’t seem like basically the human girl version of Lambchop, he would’ve sworn she did it on purpose.
that doesn’t involve peeling sheets of moldy pink fiberglass out of oozing attic walls – but watching Sam’s eyes cross after twelve hours of
expired, god fucking
. Prisoner in a corporeal cell. Did you know,” he goes on, practically stepping on himself, warming up the verbal jet engines, “that some individuals experience a phenomenon where, upon waking, they suffer a period of total bodily paralysis?”
It made him realise that they had hope. If Dean was still fighting… then so would they.
He’s splayed out over the caved-in wreckage of the cab, indifferent to the blast zone of splintered glass and wood.
“The one I’m having on Saturday. Need you to be my ringer.”
being insta-turfed to the Friendzone). The downside is getting a lot of dirty looks and nervous “
“It is. But we didn’t build this place to be a...a…
“It’s fucked up,” Eileen nods. “I hope that’s not what your, um, friend is dealing with. If he is, I can ask who my firm partners with for cases in your state…”
tacked onto the end.
He lays a couple little pats on Cas’s hand. “Lookit you, though, seeing around that corner. I’m proud of you, man. That would’ve totally flipped your breaker back in the day.”
don’t tell me you’re asking that because –“
“Not anymore.”
Dean splutters. “Jesus, lady, I’m not Jack the Ripper here.”
“But Castiel knew about…the drinking, and the drug use. He knew Jimmy was doing it to shut him out. He knew that Jimmy had been.” Castiel takes a shallow breath and huffs it out again immediately, like he’s throwing back a fish. “Participating in some other troubling activities, as well.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean says. “Me and my brother kinda grew up in a cult. I know a lot of weird off-brand Bible shit.”
Dean snorts. “Yeah, I trained as a dancer in the Bullshit Ballet.”
Castiel shrugs. “I found you, and I did what was necessary to save you, and my siblings did what was necessary to save me.” A little falter enters his voice. “Only twelve of us returned from that mission.” Cas looks up, out, away. A dove coos somewhere nearby of the Roadhouse; did it have a run-in with the windshield of an eighteen wheeler one day and show up here, Dean wonders, or does heaven make its own birds from scratch? That’s gotta be a softball compared to whether Betelgeuse is still open for business.
“We need to talk, Dean.” He said, giving a quick glance to the unconscious Bobby. “Alone.”
“Think you can sit up?” Yoga Guy asks. His eyes are very blue and his voice is very deep and Dean is very, very stupid. There are too many yoga ladies crowding around for Dean to get a clean read on him – it just smells like bleached floors and omega soup. He is lying on the floor like a some Victorian housewife felled by The Vapors, losing dignity by the second, and he’s literally trying to figure out this dude’s goddamn designation. No wonder Sam kicked him out of the house; he
offkey. (Which was kind of a trip since she’d come back from, you know. There.)
Nothing outright
“I don’t think I even caught your name. I’m Dean, case you don’t remember.” Then he
Dean is just at a fucking loss, here, suspended between dumbass punchback rage and total bafflement. He’s pretty sure he manages to choke out “Fine, fuck you,” before marching down to Dad’s truck and slamming himself inside. He pounds the lock down and burns rubber all the way to the next faceless suburb. He pulls into the parking lot of what must be the eighteenth Starbucks and digs his cellphone out from where it’s trapped under his ass. There are two missed calls from Castiel Yoga (…
“Why does it smell like a nail salon fucked a bloody wine cellar?” Crowley says, after he’s settled down a bit. He manifested right in the creepy torture chair (in the shackles, even! What service!) and he made some escape attempts followed by angry noises about rust stains. Now he’s recovered his dignity and has kicked back a bit, legs crossed, fingers steepled, oozing maximum levels of 2 cool 4 school.
The rest of Dean sticks around, though,
“It’s hard to prove a negative, Dean.”
piss and vinegar. He shoves his sleeves back down. “Nor do I have any reason to contribute to this particular domestic activity –”
Dean blinks. “When I…fell from heaven?”
“Just trying something out.”
been rendered…
CASTIEL
you guess,” he says.
“You,” Cas says, “are actually pretty funny, underneath all that macho crap.” Dean takes one of those deepy, involuntary, Castiel-induced breaths, inhales old sweat and fresh weed and
“Well, I’m not,” Castiel snaps. He pins Dean with a big blue death glare to end all death glares, pink blotches flooding in at the top of his cheeks, his lips hanging open just a crack.
“Nah, I’m fine,” Dean answers. “I mean unless I swallow a chip wrong, or something.” He sucks the Cool Ranch powder off his fingers like the suave motherfucker he is. “Seems like you kinda needed it.” They’re sitting on plastic lawn chairs, the only furniture out here that hadn’t rotted or rusted.
