He did sleep that night, though it was not refreshing, interrupted as it was with jumbled images of pleading faces.
“Or you could just believe me.”
"The only reason I let Mycroft send me here was to get away from his constant surveillance and reprimands. 'Don't insult the ambassador, Sherlock!'" Sherlock's voice went up several octaves in imitation, "'You can't go down to the poorhouse at night, Sherlock!' 'No dead dogs in the drawing room, Sherlock!' Ugh. Hidebound."
"Thanks, Greg." John handed him the parcels and his change. "I've had a rum thing happen, though. Ever heard of a Mycroft Holmes?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, did you bring your violin?” Stamford asked, and at Sherlock’s nod of assent everyone, even Sally, cheered.
"You look so comfortable," Sherlock said, reaching for the towel, "I'd hate to disturb you."
The theme song for this chapter is “Both Sides Now” by Joni Mitchell.
“They’re familiar with routine, then?”
Sherlock opened his mouth but John did not stay to hear the words, striding out into the dying light. The door banged.
“Feather!” he exclaimed, and reached towards it.
“My dear man!”
The first case was at an ice fishing village on a nearby lake, and John spent four hours freezing outside while Sherlock ran from cabin to cabin, measuring fish and looking at fireplaces. Then, when Sherlock told them to have a closer look at what their godson had been doing three nights before, their grateful hosts pressed two Tim’s coffees into their hands and told them to warm up.
“Is there a case on, then?”
“She makes excellent bread.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s mine!”
John couldn't even laugh. He kissed Sherlock's shoulder.
“Now.”
Five more steps. Ten. He could see the moonlight shine on the cabin window.
It was soft, at first; John’s thin mouth was warm, brushing against Sherlock’s lips gently but firmly. Sherlock’s world narrowed to the mingling of their breaths and the increasing pressure of John’s lips on his own. He reached out to bring John closer; he wanted John flush against him.
“Oh, don’t take it personally. Almost everyone is an idiot. As I was saying, you may be an idiot about science, but you’re very handy.”
Neither of them, it seemed, had much to say even once the day’s work was done. John recorded their activities in his notebook as he had begun to do, and Sherlock paced. It was a relief when bedtime came.
John shut his eyes.
“I know.”
“All the rejects from my coprolite collection.”
"It will be safe."
"Me too," Sherlock said, and pushed his trousers and drawers down in one swoop. His arse was every bit as fine as John remembered, and his cock... He'd seen it before, of course, but never an unobstructed view. It had been worth the wait. Proportional and beautifully shaped, it bobbed erect between Sherlock's lean and powerful thighs.
Sherlock lowered himself from his elbows back to the pillow. A hiccup shook him.
“How long have you been in the backwoods?” he asked, as she set the water gushing. She moved over to allow him access to the water too.
“My farm is my life now.” John said, glad of Sherlock’s offer.
“That is what I have been saying.” This time Sherlock was not peevish at all.
Sherlock stared, and bit his lip. John looked away. The quiet hung in the cabin for a long moment.
“Good morning.” Sherlock said, voice deep and rough. John jumped as though he had been stung, dropping everything and falling backwards. His head hit the floor with a thump, and his cock bobbed up through his flies once again.
“Bloody man,” he muttered, as he held the lantern up to yet another false trail. And yet, he couldn’t blame him. He, John, had not expressly forbidden Sherlock to join him, and so he must bear his part of the blame. He sighed. At least the release had done him good, though he was not sure he could look Sherlock in the face again after the visions that had floated before him in his pleasure. They threatened to invade him again now, just as he should be feeling most penitent for his depravity. He closed his mind against the thought of Sherlock nude before him, and trudged on.
“Will we pass by Mrs. Hudson’s? She promised me some sourdough starter.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“He’s welcome to try,” Lestrade laughed. “He’s something, that one.”
“Don’t let me see you kissing cats, boy!” he barked, almost in spite of himself. Greg knew he shouldn’t have said it the moment it came out of his mouth, but he didn’t like cats--they did their job well enough, but he’d rather not see them.
, that he had not wanted to flee the farm immediately was suggestive,
"It's a great shame," said Mycroft Holmes, sighing, "My brother is, shall we say, somewhat of a burden."
“Squirrel bones!” Sherlock interjected.
"I can't do it," he said to her, fastening his trousers, "I won't.”
Sherlock, however, was not so quick—or rather, he was quick: quick to erection. As John slid away over Sherlock’s hips to freedom, Sherlock’s heavy cock bumped against John’s belly.
"No, not this," he said, bending towards the spot. "Yuck."
"It stopped for a moment," Sherlock rolled to his side, eyes bright. "But now I find myself desiring to investigate once more."
John stopped, taking in this new information. He looked at the figure. He looked at it again.
“Slowly,” Sherlock replied. Five more steps and they would be out of the clearing. Thirty, maybe forty steps, and they would be onto the home quarter with the cabin in sight.
When they pulled into the sugar shack that lay exactly midway between Sault Ste. Marie and Sudbury, John felt like he’d been pulled backwards behind a snowmobile. He was shaking, and he felt as though his hair was standing on end. Sherlock, who had had more time to recover from his three minutes, was all excitement, and he bounded out into the snow before John had even had a chance to put snowshoes on. The vandals in this case were not squirrels, as the owner thought, but the neighbourhood teenagers, who had been systematically siphoning off maple sap to try and make moonshine.
John felt better as they approached the cabin. Sherlock made him stand outside with the light while he checked the mezzanine and every nook and cranny. Then, he brought John in and he locked the door with a sigh of relief.
“Mmm,” Sherlock whispered, now free of his coat and insinuating his hand up John’s thigh. “You’re so warm.”
“But you love me.”
bran for bread."
“We’ll have to go back, you mean. You’re not going into the woods alone.”
“Wait, you can’t!”
“Not good enough,” Sherlock said bitterly, and withdrew his hand.
“No,” Sherlock mumbled.
“Very well, then,” John said. “I’ll light the lamp.”  As golden shadows were cast throughout the room, Sherlock shut and barred the door, then leaned against it.
“I can’t,” he said flatly.
“There’ll be some interesting carnivorous plants shortly,” he said. Might as well offer positive reinforcement.
As always, doctornerdington betaed this beautifully. Without her my indents would be all over the damned place and my emotional arc would be less satisfying.
“She really shouldn’t have,” Sarah muttered, materializing at Sherlock’s elbow, “They’re totally inedible.”
“How?”
“Nice to meet you, Sarah,” Sherlock said. Her gray-green eyes were clear and straightforward in her open face, and her grip was firm, but not self-consciously so. Very confident, then, with men and women.
"I couldn't sleep anymore and didn't want to keep you awake. I felt really hot so our rather comfortable embrace started to feel a bit like a prison. So I came in here to make sure you got some rest." Sherlock explained with a shrug. He leaned into John's touch with a appreciative smile. "I just wanted you to rest since we did stay up rather late last night." He gave a sly smile.
"I complimented her. Which is something people do to each other. I did it simply because you would notice. She saw my wedding ring. She knows I am,
"You're allowed to kiss as much as you want for tonight but I get to watch to make sure clothes stay on." John suddenly had a feeling like he missed some secret conversation. He was a whole mix of feelings which consented to reveal themselves as a deep crimson blush. When Victor when to protest he narrowed his eyes. "I trust John." He said meaningfully. John however was all nerves and confusion and happiness. He fiddled with the collar of Sherlock's shirt, giving himself away far too easily. He then laughed.
people." He stood, touching his forehead because he got a bit of head rush. "Let's see if I can make it to the couch." He mumbled as he started to walk down the hall not even bothering to wrap a sheet around himself. John pulled his robe over his shoulders and tied it loosely, giggling.
"You really can't see it, can you?" John asked softly, looking down at him with
"Okay then, we'll have nothing to worry about." Greg said with a snicker. He loved this, he knew he was torturing his husband but it was so much fun to watch. "Let me think... I think about this a lot but I'm going to try to think of my
"Maybe not being alone will help." John offered softly. He flicked off the light and gently slid down, keeping Sherlock against him as he got comfortable. "But either way, I'm right here. Nightmares or not if you need anything at all, wake me." He held Sherlock firmly but with gentleness, running his hand soothingly over his back. His other hand gently gliding through that dark hair, sighing softly at the pleasure of it. Sherlock nodded slowly, he could do that. If he had some sort of nightmare or felt like he was going to be sick, he'd wake John. It would be easy to do now because he knew John honestly wanted to take care of him, he'd thought that was the case before but now he had
"He's okay Hamish. Just give him a minute." Mycroft said softly, shooting a very dark, threatening look at Victor who went rigid.
make you leave." Sherlock warned.
"I know it is because of me." Mycroft said softly, squeezing Greg's hand. "They don't approve of us. But, you should still try. I had Anthea send then some Christmas presents from us. Just in case."
"Christ, don't tell me things like that anymore, okay?" He almost begged, trying to maintain his control. "Not unless you want me to use that information in ways you are ill prepared for. Because
"He isn't just my patient, he is my partner. He has always been my partner. You aren't helping showing up here with keys made and ready to drag him out. I have this under control and I would hope you two of all people would know that if anyone can help him through this it is me. After all I'm the one here day after day." John was actually shaking with anger. His words weren't meant to be so angry but they were like a slap in the face.
"Here love," John whispered stepping into the kitchen and returning with the ice pack. He slid it behind Sherlock's neck, making him stay in a reclined position. He gave Sherlock the injection and then stood, crossing his arms.
Sherlock opened the door and smiled at Victor, who honestly looked worse than he had just the day before. His eyes were darker, he was thinner, and he was sweating and shaking just like Sherlock was. Victor, holding his duffel bag by one weak hand, offered a weak grin at Sherlock and John.
"Don't be." Sherlock sat up some and pulled John with him, moving their bodies so John was now leaning against his chest. "Let it out, John. It's okay." He ran his hands soothingly over John's back. "You've held this all in too long. It's alright John, I've got you." He nuzzled his nose into John's hair, letting his own emotion show. Trying to show John it was okay for him to feel. "Talk to me, tell me what's going on in that head of yours. Let me help you with this." John was now holding on to Sherlock tightly, a few sobs escaping his lips before he could even properly answer.
"What?" Alex chuckled. "How on earth do you know we were doing that?" He asked nervously, going red.
"Oh come on, John. I'm just having a little fun. You two like to pretend you'll punish me but you never will." He said cockily, freezing as Sherlock came over and leaned down so his face was mere centimeters from Alex's, his breath washing over his face again. This time he was even closer to Alex, their lips almost touching. Victor just barely bit back a groan of arousal.
"Please, Master. May I have the punishment I deserve?" When he heard no reply Sherlock knew he had to do better than that. Christ he had to do better than that. He
"Yes, I always imagined you would the one to take me this way for the first time." Sherlock whispered, his face clenched with pleasure. John toyed with the tender opening slowly stretching it with one finger before adding another.
"I could tell. And it's not as hard to share it when I know you need to hear it." Sherlock explained as he continued to kiss John with a surprising heat. Shit, if they weren't careful they could end up shagging all over again. "We better be careful, I'm already starting to get turned on, John."
"Now you two share that." He ordered, ruffling Marius's red hair and kissing the top of Hamish's head. John grabbed the hot cups of water out of the microwave and began mixing it with the peppermint, while Greg stood beside him, watching the boys try to catch marshmallows into their mouth.
"Shit," John muttered, realizing how long they had been gone. There was a tiny gasp behind the door.
?" Victor asked and Sherlock chuckled. John was watching them with wide eyes, desperate for someone to touch him.
"Have
question John didn't smirk, but the way he looked out the window clearly told Sherlock he was feeling a bit triumphant at the moment. Mycroft however was flustered and trying hard not to show it.
ever got to see you like this. Only me." He brought the riding crop down for a fourth and fifth time.
"I think you actually need some rest tonight. You haven't slept in two days. I'll try to go early in the morning." John smiled, he honestly didn't mind Christmas shopping. He'd always been the one to do it growing up and now he was doing it for his own family. That meant it wasn't a burden it was a joy. "I still have to find things for Victor and Alex, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Mycroft and Greg.... Am I forgetting anyone? He asked Sherlock softly. Sherlock turned back to look at him, his eyes betraying his complete lack of certainty as to what he was supposed to be doing in the moment. It bothered him that even after this long with John he still didn't know what he was doing most of the time.
"Fuck you're tight." John whimpered. Sherlock gasped, his back suddenly arching. It felt amazing and painful at the same time. It had been so long, but he felt his body should still have been used to it. He'd used several toys on himself over the years and he had one that he kept in the table next to the bed. But, his mind countered, he hadn't used it awhile. Three months to be exact.
"Christmas Eve." Hamish pouted. "I'm hungry. So is Mar." He crossed his arms in a very John-like fashion and Sherlock chuckled softly.
"Thank you, Master." Sherlock said in a relieved sigh, he wanted to turn around as quickly as he possible could. But he forced himself to move slowly, to enjoy the feeling of John telling him what to do in that very commanding voice. His breath froze in his chest as he finally turned to behold John standing there in that uniform. He let out a gasp. "Oh, Sir, you look amazing." He said in a breathless voice. It was almost exactly as Sherlock pictured he would look but something about the way he held himself was something Sherlock could never have imagined. He almost reached out to touch John, to take in the tactile feel of that cloth on his body but he stopped himself because that was not something a submissive would do. "May I touch you?" He asked hopefully, his eyes betraying how desperately he wanted to. "Please?" He said, sounding eager.
"I love you too," He whispered finally coming out his ball to sit up and wrap his arms around John. "I want to stay clean, John. I do. I don't want my problem to get in the way of us."
They'd met at University and at first Sherlock considered him to be a friend, his only and best friend actually. But soon they had become something more, which was bound to happen considering Sherlock didn't have anyone else in his life to have feelings for. But Sherlock had never been truly committed to the relationship, he could never fully trust Victor with his feelings. Which was why they never went further than a few heated make out sessions on his couch. Victor had always been a bit on the rough side and despite his intellect he liked the finer things in life like drinking and partying. He family was wealthy and he saw no reason to take school as anything more than an extended vacation. Sherlock had been so desperate for the friendship he'd tried to keep up with Victor, going so far as partying with him. But once Victor had introduced the drugs he'd wanted to break things off with him. He'd do all the drinking and partying but drugs were where he drew the line. They could have a lasting effect on his mind and he knew he couldn't risk that. But Victor knew how to draw Sherlock in, knew how much his never quiet mind troubled him. So one night while he and Victor were alone at Victor's flat all it took was one whispered promise in his ear, the whispered promise that all those nasty thoughts in his head would go silent - to draw him in.
"B-But it wasn't your fault." Sherlock whispered but he stopped talking about it as soon John began talking about how his touch affected him. "I like when you touch me," Sherlock said softly, closing his eyes once he felt John's hands in his hair. "I-I can't even begin to explain what you do to me John, it confuses me but I know I enjoy it." John blushed and licked his lips softly at that revelation.
"Well first you will need to check my vital signs. My pulse, temperature, breathing, etc. Then I think I need a thorough examination to be sure I don't have any cuts, bruises, or scrapes anywhere. You may have to check my reflexes too."
"No." John forced out suddenly, his throat seemingly stuck.  His voice was gravelly and full of emotion. His jaw tightened and he clenched his fists. "I can help him with this, I know I can. We should give him a chance to try to clean up without rehab first. We have to keep it quiet."
"He ran off chasing a lead, forgetting I can't keep up with him. He was gone before I got to the end of the street and since I have yet to get a text or anything I just came home. He'll figure it out soon enough. But look at you! You're smiling, it looks good on you." He grinned as he teased. It had been amazing how much he and Victor had bonded over the last few months. Victor had been an anchor in the sea of Sherlock's insanity. Case after case had come in and with Sherlock stuck in case mode it had been nice to have someone else on the same wavelength to watch movies with, get dinner with, and just be around. "He'll likely pop in, in an hour or so and offer to whisk me to dinner to make up for forgetting about me. Or else cursing at me because he's been telling me important information and I won't remember any of it." John let himself look Victor over closely, he looked a lot lighter. "So what brought you flying up the stairs?" Victor moved to sit next to John, his hands practically shaking with delight. He hadn't been this happy in a long time. He was happy, well content really because he was here with Sherlock and John. He'd developed a strange relationship with them, not really a lover but not really not either. He'd had John, Sherlock, his improving health, a job, and a new lease on life... But now, now he had all of that and his family back. He smiled brightly at John, ignoring the familiar flutter of butterflies in his stomach.
"I only said that so I could be better than Mycroft. But I'm sure I can actually make it I find the directions, it's just like an experiment right?" He offered but John met his eyes with a fiery gaze.
"UNCLE VIC!" Hamish screamed and launched himself at Victor's legs, letting go of Marius' hand for a moment. Victor scooped him up and hugged him tightly, pressing a kiss to his forehead. He set him down and he rushed back over, grabbing Marius hand and knocking softly on Mrs. Hudson's door.
"Happy Christmas, Sherly." Victor teased and watched as Sherlock grimaced. "And you too John." He walked over and gave John a soft, tentative hug. "I see you got him to stop worrying." He nodded back to Sherlock who'd resumed setting the table, not entirely removing his arm from John's back.
" I'm really hot instead of cold." Sherlock answered focusing on John's voice. "But other than that, yes, all the same. Though the room has started to spin again." He closed his eyes to keep his vision normal. "They have keys to our flat, John. We're never going to get rid of them," He grumbled.
could ever..." He paused and clenched his fists. "Why do you even care? How am I even important to you? You have John now, so aren't I replaced?!" Sherlock stared at him with confusion. He didn't know? How could he not know? Sherlock stood, placing a hand on his shoulder to make him stop pacing.
"I've never talked about Harry with you before... I was trying and you just..." He shook, hard. It felt like a slap in the face. He tried to reason this away, he was too tired or too tense from dinner... But that wasn't the truth. The truth was he didn't feel like he was enough anymore.  "He grabs your attention just by sending you a message," His voice was low as he spoke, partially for feeling childish and partially from the jealousy and hurt. "He has for awhile now. Just like
"Don't start, Mycroft." Sherlock snapped at him, glaring.
"It's the middle of the afternoon Sherlock and you have a lot of explaining to do. So before I get very angry, put some trousers on." Mycroft did something rather quickly with his hand and the door knob came off in his hand. He smirked that irritating thin smirk at Sherlock as he retreated to the living room.
John was trying to make his brain function properly as he moved through his room upstairs. He was still rather groggy and he wondered if it was all to do with being so tired or if something bigger was at play. He leaned down to pick up the jacket off the floor and felt a head rush as he stood after pulling the drugs from one of the pockets. He leaned back against the wall and sighed taking short deep breaths. He'd eaten like he should, had been drinking plenty of water, and hadn't done anything too worrisome in the last few days, but he felt... Well not good. Maybe he was finally getting that cold bug that was going around. He would make sure he took some zinc lozenges when he had a chance. He rummaged in his wardrobe for a jumper, pants, and trousers, changing as he found them.
"Sherlock you never told me how you're feeling." He forced out, trying to cover over the fact that somewhere in his completely addled brain he had almost suggested that Victor stay with them.
kind of way. Victor softened, being easily pulled in by John's words but the emotion struggling in his chest was almost violent. "He's worried about hurting you and you're worried about hurting him. That means you both care. You two have a strong friendship and he would do almost anything to see it continue. He's risking his own recovery, everything he has, by trying to let you have a place to get clean. I was out the door Victor, I was going to be gone because he turned from me to drugs. But I couldn't walk out on him. Friends don't do that. People who care so deeply about each other, don't do that. I know it's a bit more awkward because we're dating and you two have history but I know he wants at least your friendship and I know he wants you clean. He's thinking with his heart for once instead of his head - he's doing this because you're his best friend and he cares." Victor wished any of that made the ache in his chest ago away, but it wouldn't. It was nice that Sherlock cared about him at all but it still hurt that he didn't love him. For years now Victor had only loved him and Sherlock never felt the same way. That was another mistake he had made falling in love for someone who wasn't good with feelings. He knew that going in but like an idiot he fell in love with him anyway. How could he not? Sherlock Holmes was the most brilliant man in the world. If you stood beside him he taught you things no one can imagine. Of course Victor had fallen in love with him, it just hurt that Sherlock didn't feel the same at all. He loved this doctor. This simple army doctor. Victor didn't want to admit it but now he could sort of see why. This simple man wanted nothing more than to take care of him. John probably never pressured him for anything at all, so of course John was who he chose.
"You aren't alone at all." Mycroft carded his hands through Marius hair, trying to soothe him. Greg started rubbing his little arm carefully and he was thankful that the little boy didn't flinch away. He pulled Hamish into his lap because he could tell the little one was close to getting upset also.
"Since you won't tell me I will have to guess the story.” He snapped, treating Sherlock the same way he would a patient in the clinic. “You said heroin, I’m guessing to blank your mind. Likely stashed somewhere in your room as it is the only place that I don't know top to bottom. More than likely that is whatever you threw under the bed before I opened the door. I'm also guessing you are pissed as hell at me for giving you that injection but right now I could frankly care less. But I can promise you that whatever symptoms you are feeling are only going to get worse if you don’t cooperate with me." He sighed and ran his hand over his face, trying to cool the anger in his chest. "I will get you back to health and then..." His voice cracked, he turned away.  "Eat some crackers, it will settle your stomach." He mumbled over his shoulder. Sherlock's face was full of fear as he realized that Mycroft did know. Which meant Lestrade knew as well. Christ, well he was in a cage now anyway wasn’t he? The thought of rehab made him shiver violently.
"It's alright; we're taking a few days off. And I mean it, Greg." Sherlock crossed his arms but winced and uncrossed them quickly.
"Bloody hell, did you learn all that from Sherlock?" Greg asked with amazement, deciding not to argue about the soft, gentle thing. He didn't feel like he was soft or gentle but he may be, he just never considered that as an appraisal he would use on himself. "Wow. That's amazing," His voice betrayed his surprise and he honestly meant it. Angelo came back with the wine and poured everyone a glass, then after a bit more discussion he took their order and promised to come back with their food shortly.
In the living room Mycroft was texting up a storm from the moment he sat down until Mrs. Hudson came upstairs with a pot of soup. She smirked at the scene before her as she entered. Mycroft was sitting in Sherlock’s chair with his jacket off looking like a guard dog. He sat stiffly, trying to act like he didn't belong when it was obvious he really felt comfortable there. She smiled more broadly as he looked up at her.
"It's because he insists on going deaf at an early age." Mycroft said as he entered the room with glitter and bright paper stuck to him. He looked furious. John let out a snort of laughter.
"I want you to take me, Sherlock. Like the way you used to. I want you to take control of me." He pleaded as he moved his lips down Sherlock's stomach. "Please, I've been thinking about it all day."
This chapter is a little bit shorter than the last few mostly because of the way we've broken up the story. The story is complete all that's left is editing! Chapter 7 should go up soon depending on studying and exams!
"Yes love?"
"Wait, wait.. What?" John was definitely blushing and there was no hiding it. He had been completely unprepared for something like
"You're going to fall asleep that way, come on..." Mycroft pinched him teasingly. "You can stay awake for another five minutes." He washed his hair and used the residual bubbles to wash their bodies. "Come on now, dry off." He ordered, handing him a towel.
"Oh, yes! Please Uncle Gweg! More biscuits and milk!" Hamish exclaimed jumping up and down.
"He's trying to tie up your emotions." Sherlock's eyes went wide and he looked down at his phone. Really? Victor was that desperate for money? Sherlock felt his cheeks warm, partly because of embarrassment but mostly because he hated that John now knew he was friends with someone who behaved this way.
"I didn't do anything wrong, you're the one who pulled my hair so hard."
"Daddies? Are you okay?" Hamish's voice was soft, full of concern.
"Stop teasing him," Greg insisted with a smile. "You wonder why he gets so angry, it's because you're constantly trying to make him snap." Sherlock smiled a bit as they walked into the restaurant.
"Then we will ask them." Victor grinned. "No, I don't use handcuffs... I just own you otherwise. Sherlock is much darker than I am..." He grinned. "Perhaps we can join them on holiday for a few days..."
"How should I ask? Want me to get down on my knees for you and beg?" He whispered as John shoved him into the flat. Sherlock giggled and fell back onto the couch. "Already getting rough, oh I love it, John."
John. His
"It's alright love, I just want to be sure where we are. He is important to you which makes him important to me. But you should make sure he understands that you aren't in love with him." John closed his eyes and grunted. "This is going to be a hell of a ride."
"I love you, John. You make me feel important, loved. Even though I don't think I deserve to be loved or be considered important, you make me feel like I am." He leaned closer and kissed John deeply but did so very slowly. "I love you; you're the most important person in my life."
"And painting." Marius added as if it was the most important thing and his tone indicated he was slightly annoyed Greg placed it last. "I wuv painting da best." He stated firmly.
you, Gregory. I'm
"Yes... I do think we can." He whispered, meeting Greg's eyes. He knew that Hamish could only have learnt that song from Sherlock, and if Sherlock could love a child that much… If his once emotionless brother could teach a child to be this tender, well so could he.
"John, it's really not. It's mine."
"Yeah, they were they're usual grumpy selves last night. Then we wake up this morning to find them cooking, together, in the kitchen... And they were just like this." John said with a fond smile, motioning to the two men who were doing their best to pretend they weren't overhearing the discussion.
"Mycroft, don't be foolish. We all know that while Sherlock is much better at it, you see at least half of what he does. Which means you already have the answer to the case but need someone else to look into it. You obviously can't have Greg do it because he is clearly biased to your side while Sherlock is very visibly not going to provide you any favors. So perhaps you could ask someone else to look into it." John smiled but his words were firm.
what to do to you." He switched sides, nibbling on his chest just below his collarbone, leaving a lovebite. "Tell me...
"Breathing is very boring," Sherlock whispered his thoughts against John's lips. He continued to kiss John, moving his hand to his lower back and holding him close with a nervous shaking hand.
"Dwess up," Marius replied simply. Greg looked to his husband and just giggled. When John and Sherlock came out of the bathroom, he wondered why Mycroft and Greg were standing outside the closet door.
"You two look like shit." Victor said smirking, trying to keep his mind focused. He needed a hit but he didn't have any. Sherlock had told him not to bring anything, so he didn't.
"Sh." John said when they pulled apart because he didn't want to think about that either. "Don't think about that. I shouldn't have even mentioned it." He laced his fingers in Sherlock's hair and held it as he gazed into Sherlock's eyes. "I love you. So much. You know that? Even when you’re on your cases and you can't remember anything else, you have to remember that." He kissed him once more as hard as he could trying to show his husband just how much he loved him. "I want you to always remember that. Just for me, Sherlock. You can't forget that."
"I know some of them, but you're often too quick with your order for me to follow. However you've never mentioned or shown any particular dislike of the food I order for you when we have dinner at home." He said it softly, as if he'd forgotten to think about the comment. He sighed softly. "I've never been here and you said you have been. So I imagined you had a usual dish you preferred to order, since regularity is one of your strong suits." Mycroft turned to look at Greg, trying to read his face. Sherlock almost started laughing like a lunatic while his brother explained why he hadn't ordered for his partner. Oh God he loved John right now. He was doing most of the work, and hopefully they wouldn't have to go on another double date if tonight was awkward enough. It was Greg's turn to turn a bit red as Mycroft explained himself, he blushed feeling like an asshole for not even considering that Mycroft might not even know what was offered at the restaurant.
"Just give me a few days, please..." A muscle twitched in John's jaw as he asked, no begged, the elder Holmes for a chance. Begged a second time for what? For someone to finally convince Sherlock to open up to him? Mycroft couldn't do that. Hell, John himself hadn't been able to get Sherlock to do that. But John needed to go to Sherlock alone. Sherlock trusted John with his health. He trusted John when he didn't trust anyone else. John was a doctor, he'd helped people detox before. He could fix this.
Maybe he wasn't as good at being submissive as he thought.
"He's just like you." Sherlock smiled. "You asked me to remind you, you didn't say when." He teased, his hand slipping up and into John's hair. "So kind and caring. So very wonderful." Hamish was giggling as he played with the children and climbed all over the playground. He saw his Dads watching him and he was pleased to see they were so close together and touching. He liked it when they were touching, it meant things were okay. It felt like the best day of his life. He waved at them grandly and giggled when they waved back.
"Our sex life is none of your business, Lestrade." Sherlock snapped but Greg scoffed.
"I'm fine, John." Sherlock said quickly, lying on instinct because he didn't want to think about how awful he felt. He looked down at his shaking body and tried to pretend it was nothing. "Both of you stop looking at me like that, I'm fine." He said trying to laugh but it turned into an awful cough. John got up and got the flu medication and the injections. Victor followed him right out of the room, shadowing him intently as he walked around the flat. John was a little surprised but he didn't say anything, afraid of upsetting Victor. Sherlock however smirked to himself as he watched the two of them go. So that was how it would be now...
Alex smiled, running a hand through his dark hair and his eyes growing pleased as he looked around. He knew full well the extent of the relationship Sherlock, John, and Victor had shared. Victor had told him the entire story very early on in their relationship so that Alex would be clear on how important John and Sherlock were to Victor. Alex knew Victor owed a lot to the 'Baker Street Boys,' and that in Victor's mind he still had not repaid even a fraction of what they were due. Alex enjoyed the stories that Victor told but sometimes when Victor got lost in a memory Alex worried he might leave him to go back to a life where two lovers were better than one. Alex blushed a bit guiltily as he knew that his fear was part of the reason the pair hadn't visited the Holmes family since Hamish turned two. Victor cutting off his visits abruptly following a slightly tipsy evening celebrating John and Sherlock's anniversary. He sighed, forcing that dark thought away and looked around at the family gathered before him.  Sherlock reappeared from the bedroom, wearing his purple shirt and black trousers. Which forced John to look away, lest he giggle and give away Sherlock's plan to torment Victor.
A little epilogue to wrap things up and setup the next story. It's not the best thing ever but it's still sweet and cute!
"Older?" John asked a pout. He had loved the Hobbit growing up and he saw no reason why he couldn't tell his son about how wonderful the books of Middle Earth were.
"You really want me to share again after how worked up you just got me? I'm trying to calm down love." Greg giggled but he pressed a very soft kiss to Mycroft's lips. "If you must know... I've imagined putting you in a pair of handcuffs." He said with a smirk before he kissed him again as gently as possible just to tease him. Mycroft quirked an eyebrow and his lips definitely formed a grin.
"Oh he's fucking fantastic." Victor panted.
"Goodnight, John." He whispered softly as he slowly began to drift off.
"When we met, what did you honestly think about me?" Sherlock asked curiously, smiling up at John. "I was trying so hard to impress you once I figured out you were looking for a flat mate, could you tell?" He asked, his hand now stroking John's leg as he gazed into his eyes.
"W-What?" He said through the cough. "W-What did you say?" He asked, finally his coughing coming to end. "Did you... You didn't say yes? You'd be mad if you said yes because I was mad for even bringing it up so soon."
"It's just nightmares. Always nightmares." He replied with a shaking breath as he shut his eyes tight.
"Damn it. I should have caught them before. I should not have let this case drop." He growled at himself, flicking his hands back and forth around his temples as he sorted through data in his mind palace. Usually he would have done this first but there was no time now. "How many children have died Greg? How many have died while I let his case slip?!" His voice was demanding but held a softness that gave away what he was thinking and feeling. Greg bit his lip as he started up the car, he knew that tone and it was not a good tone. Sherlock was feeling guilty and he was looking for more information to confirm that his guilt was well placed and to berate himself with. That tone lead to drug relapses, suicidal nights on the bridges over the Thames, and more recently John and Hamish in tears.
"They're children, Mycroft.
"Please Master," he begged Sherlock. He desperately needed to be touched. He needed this. Them. All of it. The arousal in their voices threatening to drown him. "Please give me orders, Master. Please." Sherlock looked over at John with a smirk, his hands running over Victor's body. So it was true, John wanted Sherlock to enjoy this more than he wanted to enjoy it himself.
"Sherlock are you alright?" John asked quietly, letting his hand rest on his shoulder. Sherlock's eyes met his and John felt like he'd been hit round the head. Sherlock didn't recognize him. His eyes were confused, looking at the man daring to touch him. John's heart fluttered painfully in his chest and he had to force himself to inhale normally.
you the way you deserve." Sherlock blushed a horrible shade of crimson. Part of him felt like he really did deserved to be worshiped but that was his own smugness. Deep down though, he knew he didn't deserve to be worshiped. He barely deserved to have John's friendship. His behavior the past three months proved he didn't deserve it. He let out a whimper as John started to suck on his neck. Cataloguing the fact that apparently it was fairly sensitive as well.
"Fine." Mycroft conceded but his mouth was still fixed in a thin line. "What do you make of all of this? Of them? Now isn't exactly the opportune moment to confess their feelings for one another, is it?" Greg gave a sigh, resting a hand on Mycroft's knee. For a man who claimed to be detached he could worry himself sick about Sherlock.
"Darling, are you sure we are prepared for this?" Mycroft asked softly, moving forward and gently running his fingers through the boy’s hair. He was handsome. Mycroft could see so much potential in the young boy's face. "I'm sorry your Mummy is gone, Marius..." He whispered quietly. "But you are safe now." Hamish was still lurking just below Mycroft’s knees, staring up shyly at Marius from behind his Uncle’s legs.
taking care of the boy.
"Your Mum and Da would want you okay." Hamish said quietly and he set the juice box down. Hamish's lip actually quivered a bit but he didn't cry, Mycroft watched as he affected the normal Holmes demeanor of shoving his emotion away to appear calm, which he must have learned from Sherlock. "You're not awone... We help." Mycroft sighed, Hamish resorting to babytalk meant he was very upset.
"Sh," he whispered, trying to soothe Hamish. "You didn't mean to. It's okay." He kissed the top of his head. John pulled away to look at his face and wipe away the tears."Papa does everything in the world to keep me safe, only sometimes Daddy doesn't listen because he's stubborn." He explained with a smile as he ran a hand through Hamish's hair. "You don't have to cry, I'm okay. Really.  Papa does a wonderful job at protecting me." He promised as he leaded close and rubbed their noses together.
six. All because of him. And now there was another child who lost his parents, John was still sick, Hamish still worried... He had failed. He failed each and every one of them. John was shocked when Sherlock started to sob, his face tightening as realization dawned on him. This was it, this was what been wrong - guilt. John should have seen it sooner, he should have seen all the usual signs that Sherlock’s emotion was building up inside of his body again. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, not saying a word because he had a terrible feeling that Sherlock didn't want to talk at the moment. That as much as Sherlock relied on John for help, John wasn’t sure he could help with this. He ignored his own pain and moved to sit on the floor, pulling his shaking husband into his lap and hugging him tightly.
"A Christmas tradition from the Holmes family." Mycroft added somewhat sternly.
spot. He'd never felt anything like this before in his life. The passion of it, the lust, the love... Sherlock's face was incredibly arousing as he worked, so focused, so intensely fascinated by every movement. Sweat dotted John's brow but he just moaned for more, it felt so good. A slight burn but it was so amazingly good. Sherlock suddenly went quiet as he settled between John's legs, his head resting on his thigh as he continued to work his fingers in and out of John. John knew the silence wasn't disapproval or something bad. He knew it was because Sherlock was absolutely enthralled and studying John's every reaction to what they were doing together. He wasn't thinking, he was just observing - taking in what John liked and what didn't work and committing it all to memory.
"Sherlock!" He grunted, his fingers still wound in those locks but he was careful not to pull too hard. After a few more minutes he grunted. "Stop." He commanded. He couldn't wait anymore. They both needed it too much. "Bend over, hands on the table. I want some space between you and the table though. I'm going to stroke your amazing cock while I fuck you. Move, now." He ordered, producing his lube bottle from his jacket and not even bothering to step out of his pants. As soon as Sherlock moved he slicked lube over him and pushed two fingers in slowly, his other hand wrapped around Sherlock's length. "You're so hard and dripping... God yes... I'm going to use you, just like you asked." Sherlock let out a loud gasp, gripping the table hard as John pushed his fingers into him.
"I should get a collar that says property of Mycroft Holmes." He whispered to John with a giggle. He wasn't going to start blushing that easily. Greg wasn't easily embarrassed because he had a very good sense of humor.
." Mycroft growled darkly against his chest, pressing his tongue over the mark and watching Greg arched.
"Please Master," John whimpered groaning as he presented his ass as ordered."Ten is generous, you are too good to me. Please Master, please use me how you see fit." His cock ached already he was so tight, moans escaping him as he waited in desperate torment. His mind briefly registered that they both should have seen this in each other before, because it was so typical of their life - but John's mind blanked again as Sherlock let out a low growling moan.
"Oh! Oh, John!" He panted, his back arching a little. "I'm yours. I'll always be yours. Forever." There was a second of hesitation but it disappeared, he didn't care if that was the right thing to say. He wasn't thinking anymore, he was feeling - just like John told him to. "I want to be yours forever. No one will ever make me feel the way you have, John."
"Yes, please!" Victor cried into Sherlock's mouth. He tore his mouth away from to look at John with lust filled eyes. "Please, John. I've thought about it for so long." Sherlock grinned and started to kiss Victor again.
"And just
"Yes." Sherlock whispered running his hands over John's back just to focus on something. "He came by because I owed him some money for the drugs you found me with the other night." He blushed, feeling rather embarrassed of himself. "I almost had him out the door when he handed me that bag 'for free.' He said he was worried about me going through withdrawals and in the moment I didn't have the strength to make him take them back."
" Who wants to leave?" Sherlock asked with a grin. "I don't ever want to leave this bed." He whispered rubbing his nose against John's. It was the most affectionate thing he had ever done. Sherlock's legs tightened around John trying to pull him even deeper. "Fuck- John I feel like I'm close." He panted. Moving his hands lower to grip John's ass. "Make me yours, John." He ordered. John groaned, one hand finding Sherlock's length and pumping over it as his hips bucked
"Jesus Sherlock, that feels so fucking good." John's eyes opened and locked with Sherlock's. His breath shaking his body as it moved in and out almost by force instead of naturally. "I have never wanted another person so strongly in my life. I will never want anyone as much as I want you. As much as I need you!" His fingers tensed, wrapping into the sheets as he moaned loudly. Sherlock not wanting to admit he needed to be touched too, moved closer and grabbed John's hand. He placed those careful fingers in his hair and let out a soft sigh of pleasure as John caressed him wordlessly. He wouldn't ask for it, he wouldn't mention it - he was in control and didn't want to appear weak for being desperate for touch. John didn't make a single acknowledgement of the action, only sliding his fingers through those waves and over his scalp. He felt John relax again and slowly slipped a third finger into that tight ring of muscle, eliciting a gasp from John.
"Please, certainly do come in," he muttered angrily, barely moving so Victor could seep into the room. Victor eyed the fort curiously a smile on his lips before he turned to look back at Sherlock.
"Okay," Sherlock said with a eager smile as he grabbed John's hand, his fingers placed carefully over his pulse. "Let's check your pulse first." He whispered before he started to kiss John softly. "Oh, it's rather rapid, John." He murmured against his lips. "I wonder why, it's not like your doctor is doing anything to excite you." He teased.
"My head is killing me, I feel very cold even though I know I'm hot enough to sweat, I feel like I'm going to throw up, and if I make a sudden movement the room spins." He spat out. There. That was how he felt. Now John had his tidy little list of symptoms to treat. He let out a soft sigh as he realized he had no choice but to rely on John in this. He couldn’t go back to rehab, that place was terrible. As he watched the emotion bloom on John’s face he realized that his decision that John was the lesser of two evils must have been visible on his face. It made guilt well up in his chest, he knew he was being childish and petty - his anger at John for costing him a high priced moment of peace overriding his logical mind - but he couldn’t help himself.
Mycroft/Sherlock/Hamish/Victor/Mrs. Hudson: Holly
"You're the adorable one, remember? You're the one who brought Hamish home in the first place. We had only been considering children and then you bring him home and he's ours in two days. That was you. I should at least get to find and bring one home too." He teased. John ran his hands over Sherlock's back, gently scratching his back. The consulting detective blushed a bit as he remembered. It had been rather rash.
"Honestly, I'm at a loss as to why he would have done this again. Especially considering the cost this time is much higher to him than the last. You've been around him more than I have. Has anything happened between
"Such a smart boy." Mycroft hummed his approval. He leaned down and kissed the top of Marius' head. "I know you will miss your parents but I am glad you came into our lives." He whispered to the boy. Marius grinned and put his tiny arms around Mycroft's neck, hugging him tightly. Greg smirked enjoying the slight blush that crept up Mycroft's cheeks.
"Why don't you two play pirates instead?" Greg offered quietly.
"Mrs. Hudson made soup for John and I had Anthea bring takeaway earlier." Mycroft offered. Both of the Holmes held their sons firmly as the little boys gently flicked their too long sleeves at each other and giggled.
"Don't worry, you were very good. But you did get a bit carried away." John rubbed his thigh to soothe him as they got in and he stayed very close to Sherlock. "So, now you have to decide where you want to receive your reward." Sherlock blushed a bit and he leaned close to John's ear. He had been thinking about this since all night, since John mentioned rewarding him. He had considered every room and currently his choices were a tossup between the kitchen and the living room.
"Oh is that so? Well, sometimes you do need to relax and I know exactly what I can do to help you do that." He said with a smirk because he had done it many times, he watched Mycroft closely, enjoying how he turned redder. "All those times when work has you stressed I help you...
In this chapter Victor is played by Cay.
"Right Mycroft, how very easy for you to say." John crossed his arms, biting his bottom lip to keep from saying anything else. He hoped Greg would hurry.
"You think I don't see it?" He whispered, returning his hands to run through Sherlock's hair, tears falling again. "You think I don't see how you want your mind to stop? How you start snapping at all of us around you, deducting everything to make others suffer with you?" He trembled but he didn't pull away. "Why do you think I ask you to come sleep in my room when you're like that? My nightmares haven't been that bad for six months Sherlock. Why do you think I try to remind you about the little stuff like eating or bathing?" John's shoulders rose and fell with his heavy breath, as he tried to find some sort of hope in this situation. He could be brave enough couldn't he? Brave enough to try to show Sherlock Holmes that emotion was necessary? "I've been trying to help and you just don't open up to me." He wanted to shout, to scream, to do something
"I'll be fine." John pouted, claiming Sherlock's mouth for another kiss even as Sherlock pushed him towards the bed.
"It scares me when he Mycroft grins like that. Why is he grinning like that Sherlock? And why are
Sherlock felt panic growing in his chest.
"You didn't stop her." Sherlock smirked, watching John respond. "Or the girl eyeing you at the park... Or the one at the tree shop..." He pulled John into a furious kiss. "You're lucky I didn't use my nimble little toes to stroke you off at breakfast." He teased. John shivered.
"In some ways, yea." Victor said softly, hearing John's breathing drop as he settled into a deeper sleep. "It's much warmer here that's for sure." He gently reached out, carefully, and put his hand on Sherlock's chest just below his shoulder. "I'm sorry Sherlock, I really am. For all of this. For bringing you into this whole mess and for making him hurt so much. Thank you for having faith in me."
"You're angry." John said when Sherlock helped him stand and walked toward the bedroom. "Don't be. Greg only told me because I kept asking what case was so important." They were in the bathroom now and John was leaning against the wall as he watched Sherlock turn the water on. "I'm sorry I never told you. Maybe if I had told you that boy's parents would still be alive." Sherlock’s entire body was rigid and tight. His movements were angular and sharp, leaving John worried he might go off at any moment.
"It's alright you can move but you are not to touch yourself or me until I give you permission." John purred, sliding the finger slowly back and forth. "You've wanted me like this for awhile, haven't you?" Sherlock nodded at his orders, relaxing back onto the bed and gripping the bed to make sure he didn't try to touch John in anyway. Which was becoming annoyingly difficult because as soon as he was told he couldn't he desperately wanted to.
"Then that just means you
"O-oh..." Mycroft let out a shaking breath, flushing even more. "Erm..." He looked away, gently toying with the sheets. He was not prepared for that. Nor was he prepared for the way his mind seemed to decide that the idea warranted further,
Greg didn't like it, he loved it. He loved being used. He loved being treated like this. It felt wrong and exhilarating and he wanted nothing more than to please his Master. It was much more than he was used to taking but he decided to take all of Mycroft's length into his mouth, choking a bit. Mycroft arched a bit and groaned deeply. A noise that when Greg heard that gorgeous man make he couldn't stop himself from humming around his cock and moving one of his hands to his own cock. He started stroking it slowly. He needed contact. He needed friction. He needed
"He would murder someone out of sheer boredom." John said softly but his tone indicated appreciation at the sentiment. Mycroft only extracted his hand from Greg in order to eat, but he gave his leg a small squeeze as he broke their contact. Smiling as he watched Greg take the first bite of his meal and seeing the enjoyment that spread on his face as the flavors danced on his tongue.
"I promise until we have you a little sister or brother you can play with Papa and me." He whispered. "We can be just as much fun as a little brother or sister." Sherlock saw the disappointment and it made his heart twinge.
"Your Daddy said a bad word," Marius giggled and then without hesitation they were both giggling. John felt himself smile a bit as he answered.
"Thank you for the tea, Greg." John said softly, drinking it. His mind was a bit fogged but suddenly he jumped up and went over to his medical kit. "Sorry love, we missed a dose last night. Have to give it to you now." He said filling the syringe and giving Sherlock the injection before moving back to drink his tea.
"You two are basically together because of me?" Sherlock asked with a smug smile.
"No," Sherlock shook his head. "I've never been that… Blank before. Even when I'm high I still can think about some things but when you kissed me… It was like everything went away." He blushed a bit, he sounded so sentimental. He coughed, trying to clear his throat and return his voice to normal. "Thank you, for… Um… For that."
"Here Daddy." Hamish offered up the DVD.
"Marius? That's quite a name." He said softly, stepping forward to check on Greg.
He took out his phone, staring at the screen for a long moment. He considered texting Greg or Mycroft to ask for help but he knew better. That would only bring trouble. But he was coming apart at the seams and he didn't know how to stop it. He didn't move from that spot. He didn't uncurl his legs. He didn't even go for a blanket when he started shivering. He simply sat as uncomfortably as possible refusing to let sleep settle over him. His cheeks were stained with tear tracks and as the night wore on more tears came, but he refused to move. His back, knee, and shoulder screamed in pain and resistance but he stayed where he was. He let every sensation of his body built until it was all he could focus on because he couldn't let his mind wander. This was the second worst feeling he'd ever had in his life... The first had been... He whimpered as memories of Saint Bart's tried to press in and take over his thoughts, shuddering with another broken sob. It was all he could do to stay curled up like he was and watch as dawn slowly crept closer.
"What did you take?" He asked in a low, dark voice. His voice shook just slightly, but it was firm enough to tell Sherlock that he was in trouble. The sound of John's voice was  plagued by the angry tears that were gently trying to fall and that he was ignoring. He told himself he would give Sherlock one chance to own his mistake, if he did then John would comfort him. If he didn't... Well then he was going to see a side of John he would never forget.
"They probably killed any other family members he has." Greg said in a whisper as he ran his fingers through the boys' red hair. Sherlock was quiet, driving them on towards their needed stops, he was sure they'd stopped at fifteen different stores and he'd seen Sherlock texting Mycroft at least twice. Greg sighed because if they had killed his family or if he didn't have anyone else he wanted to keep Marius. He absolutely hated the idea of him all alone in orphanage, but he didn’t know how his all business husband would handle the thought. "I can't imagine what I am going to tell Mycroft," He whispered sounding even more worried. What if Mycroft wouldn't agree to keeping him?
John's mind was blank, empty and all he could think about was how desperately he needed this. His body ached with desire, having spent far too many nights alone in his room imagining what Sherlock would do with him. John's hands shook slightly as he undid his buttons, giving away how deeply affected he was.
"Well you have never had me here before..." He blushed and leaned into Sherlock's touch. "I will always anchor you."
but he loves them. You'd tease him relentlessly if he told you. But if you ever go to the store with him and there happens to be a little baby sitting in the shopping cart, he makes silly faces at them until they smile. He'll try to make sure you don't catch him doing it, but he does it all the same. He always told me that's how he knew he wanted to be a father. Because when they smiled at him it made him feel this aching need to have one of his own. Just because he thinks he'll be an awful father doesn't stop him from wanting to be one."
"Stop." He ordered his voice was firm but he spoke softly. He wrapped his arms around John's waist and held him close. "Stop worrying about me right this instant John Watson. I'm fine." He insisted and right now he really was. The whole of his mind was focused on John. "It's okay to be like this because I'm here to take care of you." John looked up at Sherlock a bit confused, he hadn't expected Sherlock to volunteer to care for him like this. His words died in his throat and he just watched him for a long time before he finally spoke.
"Dr. Evans please," He said softly. "Sherlock." There was a pause. "I need you to make a house call for my husband please. It may not be serious but he has worrying signs and he is the doctor not me." Another pause. "Thank you." Sherlock was pale and spun his ring faster. "He will be there soon." He sighed, bouncing his leg slightly.
"We got you lot some gifts." John added and he pointed to the wrapped gifts in the kitchen.
"I take that as evidence you enjoyed it?" He asked and Victor moved closer as well, snaking his arms around John and kissing his nose.
"When did you two adopt him?" Alex continued on, smirking as Greg blushed a bit.
"Yes, Sir. I promise." Sherlock gave a hum of approval and looked to John.
"Oh dear Lord," John said with laugh. There was no telling what the pair were up to. He shot Greg a look and received a simple shrug in response.
"Mmm." John sighed as an answer, sitting almost straight up and grunting. The fever was still fairly high but he felt a little better, at least for the moment. He stood and made sure his trousers were fastened before adjusting the purple shirt and his t-shirt. He found his new phone and slipped it in his pocket before picking up his med kit.  "We should greet him then. Together?" He asked offering Sherlock his hand.
“Sure! Let's go." John stood and waited for Sherlock to stand as well; when he did John met him with a quick but meaningful kiss. "Sorry, Mish. I had to." He explained after he pulled away. "The Christmas tree farm is about a half hour away by taxi." John waved down a cab and opened the door for his boys.
"Nauseous again. That's why I'm not talking a lot," He explained with a deep breath.
"Come on lady, you don't have to die. Just give us the boy." A man with a deep voice said softly.
"I'm not happy." Sherlock mumbled but it was the truth. "I can't be happy. Not if you don't think you're worth anything. John, you're the most amazing, beautiful, and kind man I have ever met. You're a damn good doctor and I don't know many soldiers but even if I did I would say you were the most loyal. You're important John. To me. And... I really wished you thought the same way." Sherlock looked down, uncomfortable with the sentiment pooling in his stomach.
"You love it." Greg said with a grin before he kissed his lips weakly. "You love what I do to you. You loved dominating me. You tried to pretend you weren't interested in it but you must have been thinking about this for awhile, considering how well you handled me." He purred. Greg slowly lifted himself off Mycroft's cock and almost collapsed once he was standing upright again. He clung to Mycroft to keep himself from falling. "Oh, you have been holding back on me." He panted into his chest, grinning more as he looked up at Mycroft and watched him react. "Who knew that inside the staunch British Government official I call a husband was this sex crazed maniac?" He raised an eyebrow. Mycroft couldn't help the blush that flushed up his cheeks, his breath heaving in his chest.
"I'll try to, Victor but I honestly don't know if I can just tell him like that." John said firmly and he pulled away from Victor's hand to walk toward the flat door. "Come on then." He scolded, trying to straighten up. Alex sighed and looked at Sherlock asking again what was taking them so long.
"Ha." Victor said flatly and pulled his foot away from Sherlock's grip. He managed to curl himself up on one cushion of the couch, sinking in on himself. "So that's why you love your little Doctor? Because he grinds himself to the bone for you?" He clawed at his arms as a wave of pain washed over him. His words bitter and harsh as the childish jealousy flooded through him. "You could get that anywhere." He shook his head. "I said I'm fine. Really, you two can just go on and be happy. What's it matter how I feel?"
"You sound like my mother, always says things seem better in the morning." Sherlock stood, nervously looking around the living room. "Where is the bedroom?" He asked and when Victor pointed at the stairs Sherlock took them. "Come on, you know I can't sleep alone." He told Victor once he reached the top. He stepped into the small room with a frown. This room wasn't his sort of place and it wasn't Victor's sort either. He recalled Victor's lavish flat that was more like condo, not this sparse, empty, and barely furnished bedroom. He stepped into the bathroom simply because he was curious and once he caught his reflection in the mirror he frowned. He looked... Old. He touched his face, walking closer to the mirror. "Have I always looked this way?" He asked once he heard Victor enter the room. Was the doctor right? Had he forgotten something? He found a flutter of sadness ached in his chest at the thought of how upset the man had been.
"I love you Daddies." Hamish whispered, clinging to them.
"A necklace." He corrected.
"What a child." Mycroft snorted and turned to look at Greg as the door closed on Sherlock and John. "Shall we pull out the bed? The boys will likely sleep through the night. They were both very tired and it has certainly been a long day."
"She wanted you to be safe and to grow up and be happy. You don't ever have to forget her, but you have to know she's not hurting anymore. She's safe and she's still with you in your heart." Hamish was fiddling with his rabbit, casting glances up at the bathroom door. His Dads had been gone a very long time.
“See you tonight, then. Bring coffee.”
“This is the place? There’s nowhere to hide.” John said. “Won’t we look rather suspicious?”
"Emotionally. How do you feel?"
Harry’s yelling had reached ear-splitting levels, and John’s forearms, Sherlock noticed, were bulging with the effort of keeping her in check.
"It's all right, Sherlock."
“I’ve neutralized the more pungent matrices with a plant acid I’ve derived,” Sherlock said.
Silence fell.
“John, dear,” she said, waving gaily, “It’s been an age. I was worried you were starving to death out here.”
Sherlock flung a leg over John’s thighs. In and out, John, in and out. You’re saving a life. At the cost of his own, or at least at the cost of his sanity.
The next day, the landlady rushes up to John and begs him to take the car to a remote nearby town to fetch a tractor part. She is so sorry, what an imposition, but she will pack him a beautiful lunch. There is a scenic waterfall on the way home, so lovely.
“You love each other,” the boy—Finlay!—said softly, and though John’s anger was a fact now, solid in his chest, he knew it was true.
He did not look away as, with one final heave, body tensed from neck to buttocks to calves, John split the great tree in two. The full flex of every muscle and John’s satisfied sigh nearly cost Sherlock his sanity; he worried his lower lip and shifted again. He could feel his own pulse making his cock throb; he was so hard it hurt.
Without acknowledging John’s question, or even his existence, Sherlock picked up a cup and, with a large knife, cut the cup open on either side of the yellow arrow. Then, letting the knife drop into the pile, he unrolled the border of the cup. His face creased in disappointment, and he flung the cup aside with some force.
“I dare no—oh. Please.”
“Let me go.”
When John pushed the door open, arms full of Mrs. Hudson’s baked goods and ears full of Harry’s angry yelling (she had begun the minute she’d scented Frank and wouldn’t stop until he was gone), Sherlock was out. John frowned. Sherlock’s boots had still been wet this morning, and, in any case, Sherlock really shouldn’t be out in any kind of boots so soon after his brush with hypothermia.
John, with a wolfish grin he feels is somewhat put-on, nonetheless invites Guglielmo up front. Guglielmo is already fighting an awkward boner, so he lets loose a vicious deduction. John laughs and is now also fighting an awkward boner. Guglielmo swings his long legs over into the front seat as they pull out of the farm lane.
thinking of home and fire at this point, though he too was observing Sherlock’s mood, both the pleasure in the plants and the slight emotional disequilibrium. Though Sherlock was expressive, he, like John, did not really wish to plumb the depths of their characters. They both preferred action.
"Don't you dare spend, Sherlock Holmes!" John raised his voice ever so slightly. Sherlock had to close his eyes and let his cock go.
Miss Kuskatoo nodded nervously. Sherlock held out his hand.
"Needs must."
“What changed your mind?” Sherlock asked, eventually, once they were sitting on the ground with handfuls of berries.
“And breathing strawberries is a poor way to get the vitamins. Also, they would obstruct the lungs.”
, Sherlock!”
John listened, but it was the scent that struck him before the sound.
“And now, there are things you should know, John, about your mother’s family. I met her twelve years ago, when I was sub-editor of the Enterprise up in Charlottetown and she was in her last year at Queen's. She was one of the Lestrades from Blair Water.  They live up on the old north shore at Blair Water on New Moon Farm--always have lived there since the first Lestrade came out from the Old Country in 1790. They’re proud, terribly proud--the Lestrade pride is a byword along the north shore, John.  Well, they had some things to be proud of, that cannot be
John shoveled out the stalls quickly, starting to feel his own stomach growl, then donned his coat and went to the pond for water. One day, he would have a pump in the barn, he thought, as the icy water soaked into his gloves.
“I did,” John said, laughing, “But it wasn’t a very smart moose.”
John flinched.
“Could you have been mesmerized?” John didn’t truly believe in mesmerism, but very little about their current situation made solid sense.
“Not tomorrow, nor the day after, nor Sunday. Monday will be Lestrade’s working bee. Just about everyone will be there.”
“It’ll have to do. It’s more than I expected, any how.”
Mike.  ”Take 'em along, Greg.”
“We’ll do that,” John said shortly, and then instantly regretted the “we.” Thankfully, Mike did not comment, and the conversation passed into other channels.
John picked up the massager and held it in his free hand, gauging its weight again, but also feeling its smoothness with pardonable pride. He slicked it with grease; the sound it made coincided with another huff of breath from Sherlock.
"No, that's Stamford. I don't practice."
So I’m terribly sorry that there was such a long hiatus with this fic. Life happened a lot and I was just completely overwhelmed. But 221bcon gave me new resolve and plenty of squee, and I’m ready to go again.
Sherlock did not respond.
Though the house was "a mile from anywhere", deep in a grassy dale, he had been glad to see it--loved to see it. As it rose into his view, he strode faster and faster, happy to be coming home to Father and to his dinner. the Widow Turner would likely croak, of course, but the Widow Turner hated the house in the hollow and was thus--delicious turnovers aside--not to be trusted. She was an old gossip of no importance, Father said. John knew Father was right; there was nothing like loneliness at that house. If Father was too tired to walk or talk, there was Eva, and if Eva were off on her own, strange errands, he had the dark night and the trees.
“Caravan. Now.” he said, and tugged Sherlock along.
In the backwoods, there's only one surefire cure for hypothermia: skin-to-skin contact. John makes the sacrifice, and Sherlock's life is saved, but there is a price to be paid: awkward conversations about semen, button-fly drawers, and John's dignity. Also, certain secrets from John's past are revealed, making Sherlock more puzzled than he has ever been.
John had smuggled him out at the first hint of court-martial, wrapping his beloved commander in native garb and hiding him in the hills. He could not have done otherwise, but he remembered walking away from the tiny hut he had secured with the aid of a Hindoo orderly, unsure that he would ever see Sholto alive again.
John is 30 here, which makes Sherlock 26 and Mycroft 33. I wanted them to be relatively young because it worked better for John as a farmer, but also because of the plausibility of Sherlock being a virgin still. An added bonus is that we get to see Mycroft as younger and more ambitious.
“And yet you’re not out helping with the logs.” Sherlock dried his hands and passed the towel to Sarah.
Sherlock popped his final “p” in satisfaction. He was right—he knew it. He waited for John’s reaction without looking—waited for the “amazing”, “wonderful”.
“That is the point.” Sherlock stood up and twirled around. A black string vest clung to his lean chest, and snug denim shorts stopped just shy of his arse.
Someone had deliberately cut down a tree while he was in the road—
“All right?” John asked, turning around to see how he was.
“Come on,” John stood to go.  “I’ve got my tenth case of tonsillitis today in a few minutes. I”ll make it up to you at home.” He bent to nip Sherlock’s earlobe, worrying the soft flesh between his teeth the way he’d done with the coffee cup. Sherlock shivered.
“I do. Now let’s go.”
A frisson trickled down Sherlock's spine and took up root in his groin.
“Some. But not ours. I found this.” He pulled a tiny collecting vial from his pocket.
It was as though that single touch had unleashed a beast. Sherlock sank into the kiss with a deep painful groan, his mouth hot and greedy. John held on tight, gripping Sherlock's shoulder and neck, feeling the quick rhythm of Sherlock's breath and the satiny dampness of his skin.
Science, John realized. Science was the way to convince Sherlock to let him alleviate his suffering. Data would convince Sherlock to accept pelvic massage without losing face.
It was a slice of potato.
He drew his hand carefully from base to tip, and then back down to the base, and he was completely erect. He measured against his hand as he drew a shaky breath--just shy of six inches, as usual, with his girth a little wider than proportional.
“We have to go back to the trail up by Richard’s Brook.”
The Lestrades all went away that morning except the New Moon people.  Uncle Gregory announced that they would stay until the next day to pack up and take John with them.
John looked around. There wasn’t much of a clearing, but being surrounded by bushes meant that they’d hear any dangerous approach. He swung the rifle off his shoulder and sat. Sherlock followed suit, his long legs folding gracefully, and he smiled at John, a little shyly. John looked closely at his face, taking in each angle, marveling at his eyes, not any definite colour but somehow all colours. He kissed him again, suddenly, relishing the little jump of surprise before the wholehearted melting of their lips together.
“Very well. Let me put this dough in the root cellar, then, and I’ll get breakfast.”
“Okay. All right,” Angelo said, undeterred, “If that’s what you want to say. I understand.” He winked broadly. “Your things are all ready. Come, you, come, Sherlock, have some meat pie.”
As he ate, he cast his eye about for a branch from which to carve the massager. He found it in an instant, halfway up the log upon which he sat. One branch, slightly thicker than his two fingers, and curved: nearly the correct dimensions for a prostate massager. John`s cheeks flamed up, but he wasted no time in hacking the branch from the tree and hefting it in one hand; there were no knots, and the gentle curve could easily be transformed into one that would reach an engorged gland. Would he need it? Would the carving of the item lead to uncomfortable questions? On the one hand, Sherlock was clearly in need. John cut it quickly.
“Inside,” he said, jerking his head towards the cabin. “Let’s talk inside.”
And yes, goats urinate during sex. This is a thing, and I’m grateful to my friend Marigolds for having looked it up: "A doe in season (in heat) will indicate her interest in breeding by wagging her tail rapidly for the buck; this is called flagging. Her urine contains chemicals which tell the buck that she is ready to breed. The buck will urinate upon his face, beard, and front legs. He will approach the flagging doe, she will squat and urinate, and he will place his nose in the urine stream. Raising his head high, the buck will curl his upper lip to detect the pheromones which tell him that the doe is receptive to being bred. Intermittently with this activity, the buck will walk/run beside the doe as she leads him around the pasture/pen, placing his head beside her head, kicking one of his front legs forward, hollering "wup," "wup," "wup" and other raucous clucking noises."
John stood quite still, as still as if he had been suddenly turned to stone.  He did not reply.
Goat breeding, instigated by Mrs. Hudson, sets the fox amongst the metaphorical chickens. John faces a medical dilemma, and Sherlock learns a few things about anatomy and physiology.
"Pull it," Sherlock said, lazily. John took a handful of curls and pulled, gently.
“I never noticed.”
Still, he was interesting, and John hungered after interesting. At the next turn in the path he looked back, but the boy had vanished.
John looked longingly at his bullwhip, curled up on the wall by the door.
Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos.
Guglielmo, by absolutely no lucky chance at all, is pruning a convenient tree near John's window while John is doing this. He comes in his pants, then starts laying plans. His virginity has never troubled him before but right now it seems like the heaviest burden in the world.
“You don’t know what you’re asking,” John said, “You really don’t.”
Lestrade's barn raising means there are a plethora of new suspects...er, people...for Sherlock to meet, and John's bachelor status is cause for comment. Many food items are consumed, many drinks are drunk, and many dances are danced. There are confidences in the woods--and danger, too.
His second attempt, with Pierrette, had gone no better. He had been forced to empty his own traveling case—thankfully he had provided himself with a large one—and use that as goose transport. He had a fleeting concern that it might affect his results, for though he had managed to get Philemon inside with only one or two more welts, the anger the bird felt might give him greater force, but then, when faced with a fox, a goose might be equally angry.
They went back to the south field as soon as it was light, before chores or tea.  The root piles were still smouldering, and the traces of their picnic were visible in the shorn grass.
Cooked potato.
Lyons began a tale of bad harness and deep mud, and John allowed himself to be swept into the flow of it. He was genuinely surprised when Lestrade and Cyrus Dimmock came over, both swinging axes. Young Joe Dimmock followed them, looking slightly hangdog the way he always did when his father was present.
, John,” Sherlock said, furiously.
“And here you are. My mother was quite particular about it too.”
“Oh. Right.” John’s composure was slightly shaken, “And your father?”
“Stop moving. You’re warm,” Sherlock said, and John sighed. He was warm, all right. So warm that he was going to spontaneously combust if one more inch of Sherlock’s skin touched his. Control your breathing, he thought.
. Their arsonist had a complex, it seemed. He scanned the crowd, letting song after song wash over him.
In their wanderings, their unspoken agreement was to obey Stamford’s edict to stay inside at night. The usually genial doctor’s solemn tone, combined with their earlier misadventures, made them keep it. By the time dusk fell, the animals were safely locked away, and though the men might sit at the door of the cabin to watch the sun set, they always moved indoors when the dark came. In the flicker of firelight—necessary even in June, to drive the worst of the insects away—they sat together, sometimes talking, sometimes listening, always attentive to the other, and in near-perfect peace.
"You wash," John continued. "May I watch you?"
I'm going to go ahead and set a little warning on this chapter for the way Sherlock thinks about himself and his body. There's a lot of self-hatred about his sexual desire, so if that's triggering to you you might want to skip the last third of the chapter, although the last 2 paragraphs are probably all right. Let me know if you see anything else that needs tagging.
He stripped off his clothes and waded into the warm pond, letting the silky, peaty water stream over his skin. He dove under, rolling like a seal just beneath the surface for as long as he could. In the last moment before his breath gave out, he scooped up a handful of sand.
“As it were. I mean, I wanted to see new things.”
"Almost. Do you know, there's a quite enormous variation in the size of these? I'm going to build a box and track their age and nutrition," Sherlock looked up at him, "If you're amenable." It was his charming smile, to be sure—John recognized it now—but  it still worked.
“I’m going to touch your head and neck.”
“No, I do not. Barn cats are bad enough.”
Sherlock turned and went with surprising meekness. John permitted himself a smile. So that’s what it took to cow Sherlock Holmes: a little military discipline.   He would definitely remember that, he thought, and he followed Sherlock towards the road.
“Indisputably.” John said, and they set off.
“They do,” John insisted, but Cousin Mike interrupted.
“Of course you can’t.” John rolled his eyes, and Sherlock made a superior expression that was belied by his fondness.
They’d only just arrived at what appeared to be the cheapest caravan park in Dorset, and already John Watson hated the caravan, the town, summer, and Sherlock Holmes. For a pound he’d return to London where he could at least have shut out the sun, serial arsonists or no.
“Hello!” he shouted, leaving Hamish and Jack tethered to a tree and pushing his way through the woods to the wagon track that passed as a road.
Sherlock drew a long, shuddering breath.
John did not finish. A jumble of sound assaulted his ears all at once: wingbeats, crackling bushes, horses whinnying, and Sherlock’s squeak of surprise. The horses wheeled and ran, reins trailing behind. The grouse—to whom the feather was still attached--landed twenty feet away, then scuttled into the underbrush.
“They’re so even. Have you…” Sherlock trailed off when he saw John’s face.
“That is the more probable of your ludicrous theories, but no. There would be earth on the hair, and there is none.”
The final strokes were gentle; even though he could barely master his own body, John didn’t want to pull out, but Sherlock was as limp as a kitten. He needed to be in bed.
“Have I?”
Fine. Now, the massage: a consistent stroke, he imagined, until the crisis was reached, at which point the congestion through ballocks and belly would be relieved. He settled his grip, encompassing as much as he could, and began. One long stroke up, one down. His grip stuttered, and he repositioned his fingers. One stroke up, one down. There. He could feel his bollocks tightening already.  He breathed deeply.
He believed him.
“You’re getting slow, Harry.” She butted against him, hard, and he grabbed her collar. “Settle down.” He pulled a crumbled mince tart from his pocket and lured her back to the pen. John closed the door again and began to unsaddle the horses.
“Eva?”
Then they both laughed.
"And why are you in Bonne Chere? I sent you a refusal." John raised his chin.
“I don’t know. And I don’t like not knowing.”
“Only when it’s justifiable.” Sherlock’s lips shone in the firelight.
"Glad to see I can retain your interest."
John would refuse, of course. He was too haunted by his past experience and too hagridden by his present scruples to allow any kind of congress.
“Most of the furniture belongs to the house,” he said, “so it
“It’s ‘windigo’… and no. The Ojibway know that the most dangerous being in the forest is the white man. They just want to know who it is and why he’s there.”
A muscle fluttered in his cheek. Sherlock’s attention drifted from his words to that muscle. How fascinating John was, in all his moods. His face seemed endlessly mobile, and strong emotion made him a veritable symphony of human reaction.
“Right you are.”
"It's new. I know. Tell me how you feel."
"She's all right, for a horse," Sherlock answered.
“Let’s hear it.”
“Will she go far?”
John shook his head. In his left hand, Sherlock had the same golden-brown sand as John had used. In the right, he had an enormous glob of peat mud, running black and sludgy down his arm and staining his pale skin further.
The room they were looking for was back behind the stands; to get there, John and Sherlock had to climb a set of rickety stairs and go through two sets of roughly painted white plywood doors before fetching up in a rectangular space about eight feet by four. The only furniture was one sad, wooden chair.
"Are we through?"
Philemon and Pierrette seemed relatively unmoved by this attention. Harry, as usual, was quite perturbed at being ignored, and Arthur, usually so calm, was making deep, horsey noises of irritation.
"Those years and what I've taught you in them are the only legacy I can leave you, John.  I have been a failure in some things” Douglas swallowed, looking out the window, “and a coward in others, but you have learned enough to be neither of those. And your mother's people will care for you--I know that.  The Lestrade pride will guarantee so much, if nothing else.  And they won’t be able to help loving you once they know you.”
Then, he felt that, before he went back, she must slip along the pasture fence and explore a certain path which she saw going back into the  grove of spruce and maple further down.  He did--and found a wild little path with lady-ferns beckoning and blowing along it, with June-bells blossoming and trees ripe for climbing. He breathed in the tang of fir-balsam and lost himself in a glory of imaginary descriptions.
“And so are you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh. Of course, I can clear up,” Sherlock replied, hastily making piles.
Sherlock turned away from John a little but kept hold of his hand. Impractical for fighting, but as he had previously gathered, there would be no fight.
“I wasn’t the only one.”
If only she wouldn’t zigzag so! Her trajectory was wildly unpredictable and made her harder to catch. Sherlock couldn’t help but admire it—though the shortest distance between two points was a straight line, she seemed somehow to be immune to the laws of physics. How he wished he had some sort of device that could record this chase, he thought, as he rounded the corner behind the barn.
He approached the tree itself. Starting at the top, he worked his way down, examining each of the branches for signs of interference. John stood by, holding the horses and keeping a watch of sorts, if his alert shifting of position was any indication.
John, a little overwhelmed, turned away to deal with the food. It was so much, so good, all at once, and he didn’t quite know what to do about it. The obvious, yes, but somehow he didn’t want to rush in. It was unfair, he thought, as he unwrapped the new cheese. He knew just how Sherlock was now, in desire, and the thought was a hunger inside him.
“OI! Over here!” John. John was yelling at the moose, and waving his hands frantically. Fool. Did he not know that that would likely call the moose away from… Oh. Sherlock did his best to veer towards the blur of homespun that was John in order to help the endeavour, but he felt a spike of pain in his ankle and pitched forward into the mud of the field. As he collapsed, he saw a flurry of activity to his right: John running, a stout wooden plank in his hand,
“Convinced.”
It's a nice big juicy chapter this week, thanks to doctornerdington and her ninja chapter-dividing skills. Ellioop also provided a great suggestion for this chapter, and girlwhowearsglasses, marigolds, and turifer were amazing cheerleaders.
—release. John was in the same state already--his usual morning distention was now a cockstand borne of desire, and Sherlock had done that with his hands, and mouth, and body. He let go of John's hands, meaning to slide down and suck him again; the taste of John in his mouth was already a too-distant memory, and he wanted more.
“I am ready to record your findings,” Sherlock said, and fixed John with a pale stare. John repeated the actions of the morning: two gulps, several little bites, and a painstaking unrolling.
Sherlock was quite pleased with his experiment, really. Without a dynamometer, it was his best bet to calculate the force of a goose’s wings; the sensitivity of a fox’s nose would have to wait. In addition, it would shed some light on the goose’s problem-solving skills.
“And what did you find?”
“This vest is the perfect disguise.”
"I'll be careful," he said. "I've already had a taste of what the brother can do."
“A swamp?”
“Some of the finest moments of my life thus far, I must say.”
“And yet you hate Higgins.”
“What is it?” John again, all concern. “Is everything quite all right? Your parents?”
“She wouldn’t do that. Would you, girl?” John held out his hand to caress her soft muzzle.
"Sherlock Holmes," he said. "You are marvelous."
“Yes?” Sherlock’s voice was soft in the darkness.
“You mustn't read that,” he said, “That’s mine--my own PRIVATE PROPERTY.”
Sherlock reached out and touched the dead squirrel’s tiny ear with one massive finger.
“All right?” he asked, reluctantly moving. “Sherlock?”
“My family is not,” John said, drawing himself up to his full height, which, he was glad to see, was somewhat greater than the other boy’s, “degenerate.”
There was no further time to waste. Sherlock had not heeded his call, and he was five steps...three steps... so close to the bear, and before John could catch him, Sherlock had walloped the bear on the arse with the flat end of John's best axe.
“Bugger the light,” Sherlock reached up for his wrists and captured them easily. He pulled John back down against him.
“Rigged. The whole stupid “game”, as they call it, is rigged.”
Too late. Not only was John half-hard, so was Sherlock, as a stir against John’s thigh attested.
I keep thanking girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on, but seriously, this took a long time to write and I was going stir-crazy keeping it to myself. Their appreciative reading and their incisive comments made it easy for me to continue. Doctornerdington, my main beta, always knows when to kick my ass and when to be the nicest.
he wondered as he filled the kettle and poked up the fire. He could, he supposed, pack up Idiot Horse and his journals and go home to be a thorn in Mycroft’s side once again.
He also watched Sherlock incessantly. Right now, in fact, Sherlock was crouched at the edge of the pond, letting Harry nibble his shirt and Clara nibble his ear. He was stroking Clara’s neck, his hands almost dwarfing her. His face was open and happy.
He tried to breathe deeply, tried to get oxygen to his brain, but his body, now in complete revolt, would not let him. Panting, he felt the hysteria return: a heavy ache in his belly and the chafe of his prick pressed against his trousers, tenting them out in an embarrassing testament to his lack of self-control. Why? Why was he like this?
His lungs burned, and he had to breach the surface of the pond. He was facing away from John, thankfully; the idea of looking him in the eye seemed more than he could take, though whether it was because of his complicated emotions or his anger Sherlock could not say.
It had been so long since he had touched anyone. For a mad moment he was tempted. He glanced over at Sherlock…but Sherlock wasn’t there.
Sherlock threw his hand over his face. "I remember everything, John," he said, petulantly. "Do keep up."
John’s mouth went dry, a little.
“What in the hell are you playing at, Sherlock Holmes?” he roared.
It was postponing the inevitable, though just for a moment. He knew, as well as he knew his own name, that climbing into that bed and wrapping himself around a naked Sherlock Holmes was the only way to save Sherlock’s life and reason. Yet, for the sake of his own reason, he hesitated.
“You get two cups!”
Because it was all clear to him now: pelvic massage was no treatment at all, but rather a sexual act performed in guise of medicine. Treating Sherlock would mean touching to please, not to cure—and John could not allow such a thing, either as doctor or man. Though Sherlock’s suffering was real, heaven knew, John would not, he vowed, lay a hand on Sherlock Holmes.
“No,” John replied, voice stronger now, “It was when you dumped the bread dough into the fire.”
“I am almost offended that you think me so weak.”
“Oh, it’s not. Fossils are stones, there’s no great worry. But… coprolites are fossilized shit.”
Molly’s own small, piquant face relaxed—wary of men, and not just because of the constant resistance to her study of medicine. She was relieved that nobody so far had seen her as a woman worthy of interest. Understandable, if curious.
“Even then.”
The squirrel stopped, and John could hear only the sound of Arthur’s hooves over the blowing wind. He was not far from the homestead, now; he strained his eyes to see whether the light from the cabin was visible.
It is not a coincidence at all that in 1866, as Canada was preparing for its first federal election, Bancroft was not in any riding (that’s Canuckian for “electoral district”) at all. Telling you now for reasons.
“Perfect,” Sherlock said, his voice dreamy. “Can we go to bed?”
Once inside Canadian Tire, though, John was distracted. He liked Canadian Tire, and he had time to spare, so he made his way up and down the aisles, adding a pair of snowboots, a new welcome mat (Sherlock had shredded the last one to see if the local ravens would take it as nest material), and a bag of gummy worms to his cart as well as his original items.
John looked at him. Though the only light was that of the cabin, still some way away, the strain on his features was clearly visible.
"I'm telling you this because I think it's high time you was told," she said.  "I've been at your pa for months to tell you, but he's kept putting it off and off. When the doctor told me last night that the end might come any time now, I just made up my mind that I’d do what was right and tell you.”
“Beautifully done!” Sherlock said, applauding. Idiot Horse’s rein dangled loosely from his hand, but John had no doubt she would stay near Sherlock. Her attachment to him was remarkable, all the more so because he showed her no marks of affection.
"Ready?"
“You’re fussing. Everyone fusses over me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Dimmock rose, her face still pink with the effort of helping with two enormous meals, and shook hands all around.
“It?”
When John came in, milk pails in hand, Sherlock was sitting in front of the pile of papers. Two cups, one full and one empty, sat beside him.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said, and pulled him close. John made one step as if to move away, and then, suddenly, came back and pressed against him, fiercely. Sherlock allowed the warmth of John to register in his senses.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock burned with curiosity—at last, they were getting to the mysterious Sholto—but he let John continue.
“This is contradictory.” Sherlock’s face was a mask now. “Just yesterday, you urged me to allow you to do this. You believed it to be an effective medical procedure. Today, it’s a sexual act, one that carries dangerous consequences. It’s the same act!”
Damn the bush, anyway! Sherlock felt a sudden desolation at its hiddenness and obstinacy. Not only was he unable to find a thing useful to his research, but John had certainly known the forest would be unwalkable, and as such, knew him already for a fool. A fool! He wasn’t one; he was the brightest scientific mind in the Canadas; science required error, as his experiment with the geese had shown. He floundered on, past boulders and trees, furious.
He scrubbed himself vigorously; when the sand had fallen out of his hands, he washed his arse and cock with a certain reverence; for the first time, he was delighted at the discovery that he was hardening. John had handled him with so much pleasure, and his body was doing what was necessary to provide that pleasure again to them both.
As Sherlock began to gather the energy to fling him, John stopped struggling suddenly and made himself dead weight. It was enough of a shock that his body dropped down into the water a little. Then, John hooked his free leg behind Sherlock’s and, with his free arm, pushed against the water and surged towards him. Sherlock’s stance was not stable enough to withstand the force, and he fell backwards.
“John,” Douglas said, taking his son’s face in his hands, “You are made of fine stuff, but to really show that, you must be true to yourself, and take the consequences. That is where you will be at your best.”
Physical pleasure… exertion had, to date, been his only real physical pleasure. He was now aware of a different physical pleasure—or rather, a deliberate participation in that pleasure. A spark of curiosity animated him: What if it was worth it? What if the pain, the emotional pain that John had presaged when he had refused to cure Sherlock’s hysteria faded in comparison to the bodily feelings? If they were anything like this soaring feeling he felt after trying his body to the limit, he might be ready to risk himself and try such a thing. Of course, the trouble would lie in convincing John, who was remarkably stubborn to his duty, once he had decided to execute it.
“You are quite flushed. Your pulse is…elevated.”
“You cared for him.”
“I’m going to bed. I’ve got a lot to catch up on, tomorrow.”
“Describe it.”
“Pick your own!” John pulled his hand in. This achieved the desired effect; Sherlock seized his wrist and moved into his space, bending to kiss him while trying to abstract raspberries from his hand. John surged forward and bit Sherlock’s lip.
"I just said."
He would, he thought, have to find some sort of slippery medium. Tallow, perhaps, though that was none too easy to come by. Gun oil? Seemed a shame to waste it. Perhaps he could concoct something; Mezenee might be able to help him too, he supposed.
“I will say this: it’s better than your clothes.”
Supper was just as sumptuous as dinner. John pushed his plate back after a truly enormous meal, and wiped his mouth. He didn’t refuse a glass of rum, though, and he smiled encouragingly at Joe when Greg poured a tot into his glass.
Until John Watson, that is. Since coming to this backwoods farm, Sherlock had, he knew, felt the bodily yearnings that plagued humanity at large. Those desires could only be sexual, and those were exclusively directed towards John.
Stamford shook his head and chuckled. “It’s true that my pills are more uneven than not. John doesn’t practice any more, Molly, but perhaps he’d be willing to discuss his techniques. Come to that, Sherlock, you’re fairly hot on chemistry; Miss Kuskatoo could learn some things from you, too.”
“That’s against science.”
John was already shoveling the plough out of a second muddy spot when he saw Sherlock emerge from the cabin, moving slowly and dressed in his expensive coat. John wondered who had advised him on his clothing choices for the backwoods. The fit was impeccable, but the fabric—he’d end up in rags in no time, with those fine trousers. And he was in boots—thankfully, those were good--but no snowshoes. John wondered just how the man planned to get through the uncleared forest-surely he’d seen the quantity of rotting snow when he had come cross-lots with Stamford. Still, as long as Sherlock got back before dark it wasn’t his problem. John shook his head and turned back to his shovelling with resolve.
“Have you seen John? Or Lyons?” he asked Lestrade, who held the door for him. Lestrade looked at him sharply, brown eyes tight in his handsome face.
"I'm here.” Sherlock’s voice. John sat bolt upright.
John's cock, through these musings, was not indifferent. It bobbed at each image; when John thought of Sherlock naked and hard, reclining on the settle, perhaps, or kneeling. John's hand drifted back to his cock; he could not keep it away. He felt guilt and shame as he squeezed it tight, then began to stroke again. It was wrong, so wrong, to think of Sherlock exposed, cock slick with grease or bent over a fence.
in it, John. As though science were a matter of faith!”
Despite his physical urges, Sherlock was surprised at just how calm he felt in the wake of his own admission to himself. Desperate, but calm; he knew, now, what he wanted, and though he lived every day in fear that he would reach out and touch John and be rejected, he was at least not at war with himself.
"Does this hurt?" Sherlock asked.
"John Watson!”
"As long as I meet your expectations, John."
I also have a playlist for this fic (mostly Canadian music, but not always). Each chapter has a theme song and there will be an Easter egg of sorts in the chapter, usually an adaptation of the lyrics. This chapter’s theme song is “Save This House” by Spirit of the West, and obviously it’s the chapter title.
Despite a few mishaps, mostly involving Sherlock’s acute enthusiasm when faced with a strike, they had several fine fish by late afternoon. John cleaned them on a big rock while Sherlock meticulously examined the insides.
A splash told him that Sherlock was now in the water, and indeed, as he turned, he saw his white shape gliding towards him underwater. He seemed impossibly long and fast, a mysterious water creature.
“I was, er… experimenting with the tensile strength of cooked eggs,” Sherlock said. His voice was deeper than usual, and not as steady.
“A plan. For animals.”
“Understandable. You should be less sensitive now.” John choked out the words, seized with an urge to disappear—to run, to hide. To find the most physical job he could find and work at it until his body was bent and exhausted.
Sherlock nodded, barely.
Sherlock did not immediately respond. His face was a study in conflict; like so many subalterns caught out, his pride was warring with his conscience about having done wrong. He gave Sherlock a bit of a yank, just to see the conscience come clearer on his face.
Sherlock was standing in front of the hearth, entirely naked, pouring tea.
As he thought of the words he would use for the scene, he felt "the flash." John called it that, although he felt that the name didn't exactly describe it.  It couldn't be described--not even to Father, who always seemed a little puzzled by it.  John never spoke of it to anyone else. It had always seemed to John, ever since she could remember, that he was very, very near to a world of wonderful beauty and power. Between it and himself hung only a thin curtain; he could never draw the curtain aside--but sometimes, just for a moment, he caught a glimpse. Always when the flash came to him John felt that life was a wonderful, mysterious thing of persistent beauty.
"We're finally out of salt pork," Sherlock said, as he was making breakfast one morning about a week later. "Thank God."
“Enjoy, my dears,” she said, depositing a small mountain on Greg’s plate and moving on.
“Don’t stop.” Sherlock’s voice was low and pleading, and it would have taken a more disciplined man than John Watson to refuse. Adjusting his stance, he began as gently as he could to put a regular pressure on Sherlock’s prostate, while Sherlock rocked into it.
Their return journey was marred by no further events, and both Sherlock and John trudged home with a niggling worry and a better understanding of the other. However, their time to ponder these unknowns was limited; when they arrived, Harry was, predictably, yelling her head off.
"Of course!" Angelo exclaimed, "So sorry, Miss, I was not thinking of the right thing. John, this lady would like to speak with you; then you come back for food and drink, yes?"
“Are you quite all right?”
"Mmm," Sherlock hummed. In a different, more servile voice, he said "Oh, Captain Watson, let me take your gun for cleaning. And is there anything else I can do for you?"
“When did you start?”
John slept well, and dreamlessly.
Mrs. Dimmock blushed fire-red, and Joe rose out of his seat before Molly Kuskatoo dragged him down again.
“You do remember what I said about testicular congestion.”
“Easy there!” John exclaimed, as Sherlock leaned over to look at a particularly interesting example of
There he was, tousle-headed and still beautiful, sitting up in the loft bed. His shoulders were, thankfully, covered, but his shirt lay loosely open, and his long white neck showed to advantage. His face was partly lit by the one sunbeam that shone into the loft, and he looked, John thought sourly, like a perfect angel.
, rather than observe, and though John’s face primmed up in sentimental disapproval (why? He had advocated killing it just a short time ago) he seized the tiny body from John’s hands and set it on the kitchen bench. John opened his mouth, then closed it again.
“That’s a long time from now.” Sherlock ran his hand through his curls, making them stand on end. “Who embroiders?”
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos. Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
“If you say so.”
Sherlock was surprised at himself. He felt clear-minded, which was not unusual, but also calm, which was. He could not have imagined feeling this way before, and he liked it. There was no niggling fear of losing his edge; he seemed to have no edges. He still did not have a full picture of what was happening, but a conversation with John would help. John was no genius, but he had a faculty for inspiring it in others--in him. He was not a bright light, but a conductor of light.
“Why the hell not?”
John knew that Sherlock was very determined, but so was he. He had six minutes, and he had every intention of using it all to his advantage. He did not, however, intend to tip his hand too early, so he spent the first twenty seconds, as he counted it, stroking lightly over Sherlock’s buttocks and back. It was only when his balls began to tighten and his breath to shorten that he went in for the kill.
“Thanks, Linda,” he replied, and wrapped his hands around the warm cup. He looked at the yellow arrow that indicated where the prize was printed. Hoping to win something was a little spiteful, but he couldn’t help himself. He pulled out of the drive through lane and parked, then took two huge gulps of coffee. He popped off the lid and worried the rim with his teeth until it gave way.
The letter was undated.
“Three locations!”--Baker only had two Tim Horton’s--“You went in to Sault St. Marie? How the fuck did you get out? The steps were covered with snow--which, by the way, I asked you to shovel.”
“Rough day?” he asked as John came in, and his voice was steady.
“Details,” Sherlock said, waving one blood-spattered hand. His face was less than three inches from the insides of their one pike; he would need spectacles when he was older, John thought, and grinned at the idea of Sherlock’s vanity being affected by having to wear such a thing. Then he realized he’d not see it. Well, at least he himself would age in peace.
Sherlock concentrated instead on increasing his knowledge of the way axe cuts could indicate stature and strength. That seemed one way to help unravel the puzzle of the mysterious cut tree the other day. It had been a constant presence at the base of his mind, interfering with his botanical investigations almost as much as the low thrum of feeling that John’s proximity inspired. Sherlock felt agitated, as though he could burst out of his skin at any moment, and he was determined to reduce the threshold of irritation in one way, if he could not in another.
"Rich." Lestrade was curt and did not look at John. "Family money is from England; parents moved out when their heir disgraced the family. Middle brother has political ambitions. Younger brother is a scientist and the best of the bunch, although he's a temperamental devil."
“Not so huge. And the scat is the same but the tracks don’t synchronize.”
"You're delicious," John said. He set his tea aside and began to nip Sherlock's neck. "Come closer." Sherlock stretched out beside him, pushing away the blankets. Then, an idea seized him and he rolled over to cover John's body entirely. John gasped at Sherlock's cool, strong body against him, each inch of muscle and sinew alive and exciting.
John sat down to dinner gratefully. He was next to Greg, which he appreciated, and the boy Stamford had brought. Felix? Frank? Frederic? He couldn’t remember. Still, he was quiet and polite, and he didn’t make comments about wives or church that would have stretched John’s tolerance to its limits.
“It’s a small place. Stamford at the bridge, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, and Anderson there. Lestrade and young Dimmock are my neighbours. The Dimmocks live further out, towards Five Trees and so do the Knights and their son Henry. Sarah Sawyer—her husband’s dead—lives with her companion Soo-Lin Yao not far from there; they trade work with Will Lyons, who’s baching it like me. And there’s the Ojibway camp.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but what he was intending to say was never spoken because the little squirrel drew a long, shuddering breath, convulsed, and died.
Sherlock proved to be right, however. John’s thorough search showed that the cabin was as they had left it.
“Do they range free all day?”
"Bloody hell." John felt a chill run down his spine.
"I feel... nervous. Excited. Curious. I feel happy," he finally replied, looking at John. "I feel like we are on the verge of cementing our pair bond."
Time after time in that long, damp week, John had thought of the prostate massager, now lying casually in his chest, rather like an undetonated explosive device.  Sherlock’s shocking climax and John’s own ensuing arousal had ensured it could not be used again. His knowledge had failed him once again—prostate massage was a medical procedure, but given the circumstances it was one he could not in good conscience repeat.
"Sherlock," he hissed, but Sherlock had swung again and hit the bear once again. It was only a matter of time until the bear left what undoubtedly seemed like a delicious buffet and turned on Sherlock.
Once John was out of sight, Sherlock went back inside and checked his bread sponge. The salt-rising bread was higher than the bran, but it was new bran, and it did have several large bubbles that promised well. Then, he set the water to boil for more tea—damn John for rationing his stimulants!—and went to the barn to tie the goats out.
He bit down the urge to laugh. This had been nearly the most ridiculous conversation of his life, the frankest avowal of his unusual preferences to date, and he was about to stick his finger, and then what was essentially a wooden cock, up the arse of the person he desired most in the world.
Ah, John thought. That’s what it is.
They were in the woods now, Idiot Horse preternaturally calm beside them. John walked with purpose.
Before John could stand to answer it, Sherlock breezed in carrying a bag from Tim’s and a tray of coffee.
"I don't believe it. Let a man like that go?"
He reached up into the beams of the roof. A small person could hide there, if they wanted, but there was nobody.
Damn Sherlock! He’d looked away for a moment, had been tempted for a moment, and missed something. God, he needed to get his end away.
Sherlock frowned. “Is that fair?”
"How are you?" John asked. Sleep nibbled at the edge of his consciousness.
“I’m,” he tried, but had to take another deep breath. His lungs betrayed him, though, and he could not get enough air. Dark spots floated before his eyes, and he was cold, so cold.
“You do not feel manifestly worse, I can tell.”
John faced up to him. Lightning crashed and illuminated them both for a split second.
“Hm.” Sherlock stood and fixed him with a glare. “How about you put your money where your mouth is?”
"Quite so," Sherlock said. His hair was standing on end now, and he was holding three sheaves of paper in one hand.
And yet he could not tear his eyes away from the scene. John had stopped running, and was standing directly in the moose’s path. Sherlock watched in agony as the moose came closer and closer. His fear turned to admiration, however: when the moose was within one pace of him, John stepped neatly to the side and swung his plank directly in her face. It connected with a solid thump, and the moose reared back. John pulled the plank back again, ready for a second blow, but the moose had had enough. Pirouetting on her long limbs, she galloped back towards the forest and her babies, periodically shaking her head.
“Sherlock.”
“I’ve seen it frequently…in goats and people. Horses too.” Mrs. Hudson replied. “Sometimes love comes where you don’t expect it. It’s quite natural.”
“Hold still,” John said, and placed his finger on Sherlock’s arsehole. Sherlock drew in a short, sharp breath, but it was not of pain, and John could see that his bollocks were already drawn up. He felt a sympathetic throb in his own drawers. He took a deep breath himself and readied himself to tamp it down, but then he stopped and, for one brief, glorious moment, allowed himself to feel his desire.
“Fresh air makes it different,” John grinned, unrepentant.
“What?”
"Mr. Holmes," John stared at him open-mouthed for a moment, "That was...remarkable."
Speaking of…Sherlock looked around for the boy. He’d leaped from the wagon when Molly had descended but had not stayed nearby to be introduced. There! He was watching John work, now—jumping forward to heft a log onto the pile. Was it an effort in good faith? The log was well beyond his strength, and predictably John stepped up and tossed it into place with seemingly no effort. The boy nodded abashedly, moving back into the shadow of Lestrade’s shed.
John did so. Sherlock pressed the timer on his watch and swooped in towards him with intent. His teeth met at the skin of John’s neck and his hand cupped John’s cock at the same time. John breathed as quietly as he could for someone on the tense line between fear and arousal, but when, about a minute in, Sherlock’s hand pushed his coat aside and slipped his hand into John’s boxers, he had to bite his lip. He was already fully erect, and the tip of his cock was damp; Sherlock slicked it over as much of the head as he could, never letting up with his teeth.
of the door as it unlatches startles me, and I’m unsurprised to see him returning with a doctor who is holding a syringe.
“Knew you’d come.”
London is London. Your brother Mycroft came by the day after you left for your trip. He was quite incensed that you had left the country, and demanded a return date for you. Apparently he has some kind of case that he needs your assistance on, and he is more than slightly annoyed that you left without mentioning it to him. Do write to him, dear, and at least let him know you are safe and when you intend on returning. I hate to be the messenger between you two boys.
It is difficult to explain, what I’ve just experienced. I don’t know that I shall be able to recount it accurately, as my heart won’t stop pounding in my chest. I can barely catch my breath. The innkeeper here mixed me a tincture of laudanum to help soothe my nerves, though it doesn’t seem to be helping much. I may need to resort to the morphine I have in my luggage.
,” he repeats. “I...as you know I am usually a man of action, preferring to face challenges the moment I recognize them and respond in kind. I have never been prone to anxieties, and typically matters of sentiment are so easily dismissed that I rarely even notice when they arise. However, I find myself...stuck. Trapped? Paralyzed? Any of those words will do to describe the feeling I have when it comes to...
“Shut up, the first time we met, the first time we--” I steal his words, arguing with him.
, in my hand at Baker street.
. Naturally, I ignored them and did my best to act uninterested while eavesdropping to gather information. The majority of what I heard was again useless, focusing on who I was and why I had arrived. Most of them got something incorrect, and I considered correcting them, but then something out of the ordinary caught my attention.
Seeing him still, quiet, and unwell makes me immediately nauseous. The vibrancy, the animation and manic energy he exudes, seems nearly extinguished in this state. I force my feet to carry me to a visitor chair next to his bed and collapse into it, immediately grateful to be near him despite the circumstances. His long, graceful fingers catch my attention as they rest by his side, and I’m overwhelmed with the need to touch them, hold them with my own and let him know somehow that I’m here.
Pushing all thoughts of his distracting boyfriend from his mind, John doubled down on his efforts in the Bio exam. In his pocket, his phone buzzed, then buzzed again. Looking up from under his bangs, he checked to see if his professor was paying attention. The man was reclined in his seat, feet up on his desk and tablet in his lap. He was smirking, clearly engrossed in whatever he was watching. John reached down to his lap and slid his phone out of pocket just enough to see the screen.
I blink a few times at him before replying, confused, “My helper? I haven’t got a helper here. You aren’t making any sense, and your injuries must need proper medical attention. If you let me bring you into custody we can get that looked at.” I gesture with my head towards his leg. He waves his hand dismissively, giggling to himself.
. And yet it isn’t. It can’t be. We’ve had a lifetime apart between then and now. With a deep breath and a nod to myself, I take that first step back into our flat. A glance at Sherlock reveals a single grey eye under the mop of dark brown curls, cheek still pressed into the leather--watching me. Waiting.
“We…we…had one night together. Sholto, and Mary, and me. Mary suggested it—she knew things, and she knew about…me, and him, and she made it happen. It was perfect then, but it was about more than fucking, in the end.”
Come and see me on Twitter (@scudery) and tumbler (redscudery) for ridiculous military headcanons and other things. Thanks for reading!
"Angelo."
Was it then that John did not find him physically attractive? Or rather, attractive in a way suitable for coupling? Sherlock knew that his outward appearance was more than acceptable, but the chemical formula that led to coupling was seemingly indefinable (witness Harry’s frantic acceptance of Higgins’ overtures), and so perhaps he did not reach John’s standards, whatever those might be. He found that he wanted to reach John’s standards.
"I see." John subsided for a moment, torn between laughter and horror. "There are two rules here, Sherlock Holmes."
"Father, I can't--I can't bear it."
"I haven't looked everywhere yet."
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
“Best,” Sherlock breathed.
Sherlock’s horse stood placidly. John reached out to her and stroked her soft cinnamon nose.
They had soup for lunch, and Sherlock sucked John’s cock for three minutes in the bathroom, after. John had trouble walking back to the truck.
"There's a first time for everything, then," John cracked, and Sherlock laughed. He did speed up, however, swishing the damp towel over his chest, armpits, and arse in efficient movements. He bent, as John had done, to do his legs and feet, but he did him one better, giving a full show of his arse as he did so.
"That letter was from the one with political ambitions."
The actual theme song for this chapter is “Mari-Mac”, also by Great Big Sea. If you’ve never heard it before, the refrain gets faster and faster, which is pretty much what this chapter does.
old bastard.”
Sherlock came back, holding the big knife and several other things John recognized as his autopsy tools.
"This is the last batch," he said to Sherlock, and made his way through to Hamish and Jack's stall. Sherlock gave the goats one last caress as he left, and Idiot Horse too.
Once John was out of view along Scotch Bush road, Sherlock turned away. He had intended to let John leave unobserved, but something about the set of John’s shoulders driving out at Isadora's walking pace led Sherlock to stop and wave. The pleasure of watching John's face lighten burned deep in his belly. John, for all his obviousness, was someone who called to him in a way that threatened his scientific detachment.
“An experiment. Avian intelligence. Or have you forgotten our discussion?” Sherlock kept his tone brisk and business like.
his mind supplied, conjuring once again the figure of Sherlock, nude in the firelight. John pushed away the little voice, angry.
“Oh, that reminds me, John,” Mrs. Hudson said into the silence, as if she had not just said something horrifying. “Emmy’s kittens are ready. Will you still take two?”
Animal metaphors. God, he needed…something. He shook his head and shut the bars.
Except of course he wasn’t. He’d gone back to the scene of the fallen tree, as sure as John was standing there, deliberately betraying their agreement, and putting them both in danger.
"Good girl," John said, and patted her silky nose. "Shall we go in?"
The world seemed to echo the truth of this sentiment; June that year was especially beautiful: warm and sunny, with the right balance of rain. The crops grew and flourished. For John and Sherlock, the month was coloured by a deep companionship that neither of them had ever before experienced, but always desired. They were united in their search for the mysterious meat-eating bear; every day that John could spare from his work saw them roaming widely through the woods, carefully scrutinizing each track and trail. And yet, these were not grim excursions. Each expedition rang with laughter, jesting insults, and camaraderie. Sherlock, his scientific enquiry in full flower, was in a frenzy of cataloguing edible and medicinal plants. John, who had known his farm well before, relearned it and cherished it.
Sherlock had taken only a step or two into Lestrade’s cabin when he was struck by how unusual it was. He had entered via a door very similar to John’s cabin, but instead of one main room, there was a sort of entry hall, with a bedroom off to each side. Two bedrooms, both with town-made beds and, apparently, sheets. That was rather a puzzle, especially as neither seemed to have been slept in recently.
John’s mouth twitched, but he kept his face straight—until he saw Sherlock valiantly trying not to laugh. Their eyes met and they both dissolved into helpless laughter. They leaned together in the wagon seat, shoulder-to-shoulder, and howled until tears came to their eyes.
"She sabotaged your unit.”
“A local superstition?” Sherlock inquired. “Were-beasts-shifting from human to animal? The wendigo, perhaps—cannibalistic spirits?”
“Very well.” John said, and went back out, shaken and scrambled in his turn. He knew he could have insisted, but he would—yes, even in Mycroft Holmes’ teeth—respect the wishes of his patients. And, though John had left the profession behind in the wake of that bloody day in Agra, the vestiges of his integrity as a medical man demanded he respect Sherlock Holmes’ wishes. And yet it was the most frustrating thing he’d felt in aeons, because, dammit, he
“That’s very unusual,” John said. “Are you certain?”
“Exactly. Too smart for his own good.”
There was no mistaking the heavy scent of musk and feces. John unstrapped his rifle as quietly as he could. There was no guarantee that it was the same bear but he wanted to be ready.
“Think you’ll find anything?” John asked. His back was ramrod-straight. It changed him, Sherlock thought, momentarily distracted. He was always dignified, but this military bearing, purposely forgotten habit though it was, gave him an extra layer of gravitas (no mean feat, as Idiot Horse was currently nibbling at the pockets of his linen trousers for bannock crumbs) that quite took Sherlock’s breath away.
“I have two hundred and fifty acres.”
John’s uneasy feeling was back, suddenly.
"Unless you wish to discuss additional payment for regular written updates."
Unfortunately, his estimate of goose intelligence was still a trifle low, and Philemon broke from the bag like an avenging angel before Sherlock had had a chance to lie down. His wings caught Sherlock in the midsection—it
“Right you are, John,” Sherlock said, and, whistling, went to fetch the cheese.
Isadora didn't calve that day, nor the next, nor the next. It was a week later, on one of those warm April days when it's easy to believe that spring is really coming, that she finally did: beautiful twin heifers, quickly and in the middle of the day. This unlooked-for bonus made John feel that perhaps this would be the year he would finally have enough money to eat all winter, and perhaps even hire a man to clear more land. He raised two fingers towards Mycroft Holmes--undoubtedly an overfed city man who felt he could do what he liked in the world.
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m cataloguing her food preferences.” Complete nonsense, of course. Sherlock glanced over to the chest where the prostate massager was stored. John was too overwrought to see it now but it would lodge itself in his psyche.
"When you're done," he said, his voice very low.
Nothing.
“Bloody salt pork,” Sherlock muttered, stalking into the house.
"Almost finished," John said. He took his cock in his hand—did Sherlock gasp?—and scooped up a handful of water. Pulling back his foreskin, he washed the head. It was so good—he could have come right there with one, two strokes, with Sherlock's eyes on him, with the adrenaline from the woods fizzing through him.
“A squirrel,” Sherlock muttered, flinging notebooks aside rather like a busy squirrel himself.
“Look, I really must get these chores done. Tea?” John said, as he led Hamish past Sherlock to the water hole. The ox’s shoulder shoved Sherlock back towards the horses’ stalls. Arthur shied back towards Sherlock and gave a small whicker. Sherlock did not like its tone; it sounded rather menacing than otherwise.
“Yes,” Sherlock arched his back. John did it again, trailing bites down Sherlock’s sensitive ribs on both sides, and back up to the other armpit. He was drowning in Sherlock’s scent, almost on the verge of coming, when he kissed Sherlock again in a haze of pheromones.
"Simpler than that?"
"I need a real bath," he said, as he tried in vain to make the soap lather in the cold water.
It had been a dull, cold day in early May, threatening to rain but never raining.  Father had lain on the sitting-room lounge all day. He had coughed a good deal and he had not talked much to John, which was a very unusual thing for him.  Most of the time he lay with his hands clasped under his head and his large, sunken, dark-blue eyes fixed dreamily and unseeingly on the cloudy sky. John wondered what Father was thinking of. He had not been able to walk, and didn’t come in to dinner, sending John in to eat both shares.
“True.”
Sherlock, though, was gloriously happy. He could garner John’s praise in a moment—he had only to gesture more broadly while working, or let a theory flow from his mouth to attract John’s attention; when he succeeded, as he inevitably did, the warm glow of it spread throughout his body. The pleasure of real friendship, he thought, scribbling furiously in another notebook labelled “J”. He had felt certain physical stirrings, but none so intense and disturbing as those he had felt in May, and since his mind still functioned brilliantly, he could pay it little attention.
The road was almost within reach, and then their feet were on it. Sherlock was nearly jumping out of his skin, but he felt John’s tension ebb slightly as they left the woods—then rise again as they approached the cabin.
The club opened at nine; John and Sherlock were among the first admitted, jostling in the crowd of beautifully groomed men. The minute they were inside, John made his way to the bar, ordering two bottles of beer. The relief of even taking them into his hands was tremendous; it felt like the first gasp of moisture he’d had in years. The first one disappeared in moments and he took three huge gulps of the second before feeling as though he were human again.
“Her.”
Or maybe he'd just wash and eat, he thought, as he felt the weariness sink into his bones. He hadn't felt this type of fatigue in a long time: the fatigue of being manipulated and directed. At least that was a novelty.
"We have time," John grinned. He ran his hands along Sherlock's chest, brushing lightly over the sensitive pink nipples. "There's no rush."
“Here and now?”
“I’m all right.”
“That’s cheating,” came Sherlock’s muffled voice.
“Fucking hell, Sherlock!”
Lestrade scrubbed at his silver hair and sighed. “Is it?”
Sherlock Holmes’ lush arse sticking out of his manure pile was the most confusing thing John Watson had seen in some time. Lust, hilarity, pity, and frustration jangled through him all at once, and he stood rooted to the spot, escaped animals temporarily forgotten.
“Mean what?” John said.
“Fascinating camouflage,” Sherlock remarked, over the sound of the horses’ hoofbeats growing ever fainter. “
“It’s rigged.” Sherlock muttered. “Mycroft will hear about this.”
“You think he’ll be here?” A homophobic arsonist. Delightful.
“I don’t. Thankfully I don’t have one.”
“It’s for the best,” John said softly. “His brain was damaged, most likely.”
“It ain’t!”
Sherlock wasn't a patient. He didn't need treatment. He needed friendship. Love. And so did John. They were equals, here and now and always, and they would remain so. And equals could engage in mutually beneficial interactions—sexual and otherwise. John squared his shoulders, picked up his buckets, and consigned that imp to the depths of the manure pile.
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice tight again.
“John…” Sherlock felt he should break the awkwardness, but John forestalled him.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment.
“Morning!” John smiled back.
“You can’t hide yourself away because of one past mistake, John. I want to take the chance. Why don’t you?”
I did a lot of thinking about how to include First Nations people in this story, because this is, however peripherally, a story about colonialization. Ultimately, I included a few comments about the local tribe (Ojibway), but left it alone overall. I am not sure that was the right choice, but given the way the story got away from me in terms of length (this was supposed to be a 2k one-shot) I’m leaving it that way for now.
“I can imagine.”
Once the door had closed safely behind them, Sherlock divested himself of his coat. His hands were still shaking from the bear encounter, and his belly and balls ached from his interrupted attempt at self-medicating.  He perched on the settle, leaning forward eagerly as John built up the fire and filled the kettle.
“All right.”
John shook his head. He could not feel quite so sanguine in the face of such a nebulous threat. How he would prefer to have something to fight right in front of him, rather than a series of ominous? echoes!
Five hours later, he was wishing he’d never asked. They had taken a long, roundabout walk through town, covering what had seemed like every low-rent area of Poole. Now, they were sitting on a park bench, in the still-breathless evening, staring across the street at the locked doors of a club. A gay club. Now the shorts made sense.
"I don't know why that is so pleasant."
“I’ll see what I can do, sir.” The falseness of his own voice jarred him, and he stood dumb for a moment.
Sherlock said nothing, but he did not look away as John yanked his clothes on and retrieved his socks and still-damp boots from beside the hearth. John could feel those eyes taking stock of his every inch. Fine, then. Though he was burning with shame and embarrassment, he stared back at Sherlock as he finished dressing. He straightened up.
“Better not to. I’ll have to go back when this little one’s stable.”
"I’ll come straight back. I’d still rather not travel in the dark. That’s a generous offer, though.”
John frowned. "This is important, Sherlock."
“Are you calling me an idiot?”
Four words, but they opened up a dizzying array of possibilities.
Sherlock himself felt rather mixed up. He had no precedent by which to judge John’s actions, and he felt that his wish to ascribe them to personal liking of himself was unscientific. It was tempting, though; the exhilaration in John’s face was contagious, and there was a slight edge to his expression that roused Sherlock’s blood.
“Is it nice at New Moon?” John asked, after he had demolished most of the ice-cream.
"You don't know me."
“Hah!” John could not restrain his triumph. Sherlock wheeled around, fury and pleasure at being outsmarted warring on his face, and John’s smugness turned to laughter again—that is, until Sherlock launched himself at John. Hampered by the soggy bottom where he had been standing, he failed to get sufficient lift to actually grasp him, but he came close enough that John dived to the right, swimming away underwater.
“The rain has been good for these, at least,” John said, pulling half a dozen juicy berries off a bush.
“Hey now!” John’s objections were tepid. “Don’t destroy my furniture.”
“I do not. I am in full possession of my faculties.” He really was not. His symptoms had returned, and, though milder, they were intensely distracting. His attention vibrated between his own body and John’s; never before had he been so aware of someone physically. “Let’s have breakfast.”
“The usual run of corrupt aristocrats and war heroes, with the odd eccentric thrown in.”
“Scientist,” Sherlock corrected, then caught himself. He held out his hand, slowly. “Good morning.”
John walked reluctantly up to the door and into an enormous kitchen. Great-Aunt Martha was lighting candles here and there, in great, shining, brass candlesticks, and the light showed dark wooden walls and a low ceiling. Black rafters crossed it, from which hung hams and sides of bacon and bunches of herbs and new socks and mittens, and many other things. The sanded floor was spotlessly white, but the boards had been scrubbed away through the years, and in front of the stove they had sagged, making a queer, shallow little hollow.  In one corner of the ceiling was a large square hole which looked black and spookish in the candlelight, and made him feel deliciously creepy.
“Friend,” Sherlock said, wonderingly.
Was he, though? A question slid into his mind: was he, John Watson, panicking? Was his fear rational?
“I’ll keep watch.”
“Mycroft practically set me up
Something I didn't learn about in this chapter was what large mummified dogs look like. They really do mummify, and they're really freaking creepy. This note brought to you by having discovered [weird, gross details ahead] the mummified head of a dog in a sandpit one time. [/weird, gross details]
Neither of them won, and John took a fierce pleasure in sucking just the tip of Sherlock’s cock of the dingy community hall bathroom until it wept salt tears in his mouth and Sherlock shook above him. It made the three minutes in which Sherlock pressed him against the very unsteady wall with their bare cocks slotted together almost bearable.
“Certain. No, not facing that way. Facing the back of the settle, arse out.”
“The case of why a beloved national institution is rigged, yes.” Sherlock seized another cup and scrabbled for his knife.
“Morning, John,” Lestrade shouted, popping up from behind the enormous pile of logs meant for the barn. “Morning, Sherlock.”
Sally's beautiful face was still, for a moment. Then she stopped walking, looked him in the eye, and said,
“Courtesy! What is courtesy in the face of science?”
“Them.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock said, elbow-deep in bread dough in the kitchen. He was smiling, to John’s surprise: the tension of the prior night had vanished and Sherlock looked completely…normal.
“Pretty sure the geese will keep everyone safe,” Sherlock said, with a little smile.
John shrugged. “We’ll have to figure it out later. What happened next? Did you leave the school?”
Sherlock felt his cock swell with a growing horror, but could not free himself before John became aware of the evidence. He felt John’s body slide across his with a mixture of pleasure and agony; he disengaged as fast as he could manage, then dove under water. The coolness did nothing to diminish the heavy, hysterical throb in his pelvis, but perhaps he would drown, quietly—anything so he would not have to see John Watson’s disappointed, worried face again.
Regarding John’s defensive maneuver: my mom hit our Black Angus cow over the head with a rotten two-by-four because she was charging me. So people do hit ungulates with boards in Canada. Occasionally.
Neither of them won, and they spent a very chilly six minutes jerking each other partway off in a municipal port-a-potty, since Sherlock said going back to the truck would be, in his words, “cowardly and cheating.”
“I do.”
“There’s supposed to be an answer.” Dimmock had made, as of yet, no great proof of intellect, but he was clearly good on following orders.
“I don’t see how. I think it happened. I think someone wants attention.” John said firmly.
Your comments give me absolute life. I'd especially like to thank SherlocksSister, who summed up John Watson's character throughout this novel with the pithy phrase "God forbid you should have a feeling." Oh, John. Let yourself have a feeling, dammit.
“I’m not carrying tea up the ladder. We established that.”
“That’s very neat” Sherlock said. The fire was well underway and John was arranging the fish on a grill of green willow branches. “And it’ll hold?”
“Tomorrow, then.”
"John, dear," Mrs. Hudson said, bustling out of her cabin as he tied Arthur up. "Isadora's fresh, then? Take her over to Byron and I'll put the kettle on. Sally's busy with the garden but she'll be in by the time it boils, and as for Anderson, he's in the far field and he can just make do with his bread and cheese."
“The grownups are gone, now,” Lestrade laughed, as he served Mrs. Hudson an enormous glass of whiskey. His eyes, John noticed, slid after Lyons, slumped at the end of the table with Sarah by his side.
“Soo-Lin knows full well she’s the driving force of our operation,” Sarah said airily, picking up a potato in one hand and a knife in the other.
John pulled his shirt over his head, pleased. He would prepare a massager, and if Sherlock’s distress became unbearable, he would offer to apply it.
“If you say so.”
"What, no salting?"
“What’s that, dear?” Mrs. Hudson had come in and he hadn’t heard her. “Goodness!” she said, “Not very tidy, your young man, is he?”
So, the hired man’s room. It was comfortable, at least, and while Martha had frowned when he’d decreed it, at least it had no sad history.
"My heart is whole and my peace of mind is entirely undisturbed," Sherlock said. He kissed the soft space at the join of arm and chest. "Go to sleep, John."
“Look, just shut up, all right?”
capped gulf.  It seemed to John's eyes a charming land of green shadows, and blue waters.  Down in one corner of the pasture, walled off by an old stone dyke, was the little private graveyard where the dead-and-gone Lestrades were buried. Off to the right, on the crest of a steep little hill, covered with young birches and firs, was a house that puzzled and intrigued John.  It was grey and weather-worn, but it didn't look old.  It had never been finished; the roof was shingled but the sides were not, and the windows were boarded over.  Why had it never been finished?  And it was meant to be such a perfect little house--a house where there would be nice chairs and cosy fires and bookcases and lovely, fat, purry cats and unexpected corners; then and there he named it the Disappointed House.
Well, better give the gentleman what he wanted. He nodded curtly and left.
“As long as it burns, Sherlock,” John replied, poking his fire and watching with satisfaction as the sparks crackled up into the darkening sky.
“No.”
“I don’t like it.”
The hired man’s room turned out to be larger than his own room in the house in the hollow, situated though it was in the garret, a floor above the family’s rooms. It was clean and neat, with an old-fashioned patchwork quilt on the walls and heavy oak furniture, and, best of all to John’s mind, a small diamond-shaped window that looked out over Blair Water. He flew to it and was immediately absorbed in the shine of moonlight over fields.
John sucked in his breath. Sherlock was utterly still beside him.
“If you need anything, there’s bread on the bench, though it’s not fresh, and cheese. I don’t usually make a hot dinner, midday; just bread and cold bacon or salt pork. Supper is the big meal.”
“What if we both lose?”
Their eyes caught, and for a moment they were both silent.
“One of the coaches contacted me. He suspects the referee for the final game has been taking bribes from the opposing team or teams.”
“I wish, I almost wish, that I were going with you.” John said.
And, perhaps most damningly,
“I’m in charge now,” John said, and pinched Sherlock’s buttock once, then twice.
Later, he would say that it was only because he was absorbed in scientific observation that he did not see the moose tracks in front of him, nor the twin moose calves lying in a nearly-thawed brush pile just around the base of a sheer rock wall. Their soft brown coats were nearly invisible in the dried leaves, and they were still as mice. Sherlock nearly stepped on them.
"Bring me a knife, then, and let's get to it. Because I do desperately want you." John kissed Sherlock, grinding his erection into Sherlock's thigh before standing, reluctantly.
“You don’t want this. You never have.” “But if I did?”
“We’ll go tomorrow,” Sherlock said, riffling through the pages of a fresh notebook. Picking up his own cup of tea, he plunked down on the settle and stared into the flames.
“I definitely don’t know the protocol with others.” Neat bit of avoidance there, he thought. “I’m not a soldier, with other men easily accessible at all times.”
“Where did you say you came from?” he asked, but the boy just laughed.
John looked away. His eyes prickled, shamefully. When was the last time someone had told him that? The last time someone had seen him—his body and his need? It felt like a thousand years.
