“Well, the cold bath did it momentarily but I’m not sure how much longer she’ll be…happy for.” John sighed and pulled the empty bottle away from Maeve. He wiped her lips with the pad of his finger.
“You can do it.” Sherlock told him. He sat in his original seat and watched John reposition Maeve so that she was cradled in one arm looking up at him. He handed the blonde the bottle.
Sherlock had texted Mycroft the moment the taxi pulled away from the curb and continued his onslaught for the remainder of the day, while Mycroft kept his responses concise, Sherlock delivered quick but detailed descriptions, analysis and plain teasing about his daughter’s laughter. Eventually, the older Holmes stopped replying and Sherlock took that as a win, he’d been in a triumphant mood since, hardly keeping his eyes of Maeve and attempting to extract a similar response from her again. This time he tried the simple methods, tickling and blowing a raspberry on her small round tummy. It had worked and he bathed in the sound of her delight, revelling in the most beautiful sound, in his opinion, which existed in the entire world. The sound of his daughter giggling instantly brought a smile to his face, something he couldn’t quite contain. The innocent laughter was intoxicating and filled him with, he could only describe it as joy and pride, his insides felt warm and he felt, well happy.
Siger snorted and ducked out of the room to make tea, while Sherlock shifted Maeve into a cradled position in his arms.
“I know.” Sherlock assured him. “You always understand, you’re wonderful. I didn’t want you because with you…you make it harder to filter the emotions.”
Mycroft nodded and turned to look opposite the door where there were a row of chairs. They both sat down, Anthea placing one ankle behind the other while Mycroft crossed his legs delicately. For the first time since arriving at the hospital he realised he’d forgotten his umbrella, he placed his hands on his knees, at a loss for what to do with himself, and sniffed.
“Twenty-three days.” Violet told them, beaming as the crying faded into small sniffles. “It all happened rather suddenly.”
“He’s a grown man, fully capable of adapting to most situations. I’m sure the raising of a child will be no different. He takes on countless governments each week.” Sherlock perched himself on the arm of the chair his elder brother had previously been occupying.
The auburn haired man gently roused his daughter from sleep, taking a moment to appreciate the way her brow creased and lips purse together in an unmistakable pout. It was the same look he’d seen on his brother almost every day since he was born. After her eyes opened and he wiped the sleep that had collected in the corners and lashes with a soft wipe, he moved her into a different position, slightly upright but still cradled in his long arm. He was thankful for his father’s genetics in this instant, in a few months she would be too long to rest in just one arm. He lifted the bottle to her lips and watched her drink, slowly at first, then more enthusiastic until the liquid was gone. It was a small amount, at this age, she would eat little and often and require constant attention.
“You landed on your back,” Mycroft deduced, “Gregory tripped over your legs, backwards, hit the back of his head and pushed you back down, you bumped heads and Gregory hit his chin on the wall when he untangled himself from you.”
In hindsight, this job was extremely messy and not at all worth the effort. With Maeve kicking her paint slick feet around, it was a dodging game to avoid being covered in the pale pink paint. Sherlock, ever a master at his role, managed to dodge the feet with extreme precision. His father sighed and hiked the baby further up and away from his clothes as Sherlock handed yet another complete plate to the woman beside him. She took the plate and hurried to take it back to the kiln.
Maeve seemed confused, torn between upset and amusement. She settled on the latter. She looked up at John and decided to join in with his laughter, her delighted giggle was beautiful.
Sherlock turned with a brief polite smile and walked over to John. The blonde was shaking his head in disbelief. “Unbelievable.”
Sherlock snorted, “My brother was sixteen John, and he had the money but not the means to bail me out.”
Sherlock’s expression was thunderous as he looked up and noticed that his suspect was walking away from the diner. He cleared his throat and glanced at his sleeping daughter one last time before ducking away from the car and immersing himself in the crowds. Mycroft closed the door with his free hand.
John picked up his tea and drained the cup, not caring that it was cold. “We talked about it, when he started taking” he paused and looked to the ground pointedly, “but it’s hard for him. It’s a part of his past he doesn’t want to relive.”
The restaurant was small and quiet. They were shown to a table at the far side with two chairs and enough room for the pram to sit beside, facing Violet, so that she could peer in and see the sleeping baby. Mycroft ordered with confidence and the waitress backed away from the table with a small nod and the assurance that their drinks would be out in a moment.
“No.” Sherlock answered. He leant over and placed a soft kiss on the doctor’s unsuspecting lips. “I may need your medical opinion doctor.”
Sherlock nodded and Alex walked around the table. She took Maeve out of his hands and placed her against her chest, just as she’d seen him and Mycroft do. Maeve blinked for a moment in confusion but rested her head against the fourteen year olds collar bone, blue eyes flicking up.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and placed his umbrella against the wall beside the sofa, he sat down and looked up at his brother and niece. “You may begin.”
“Bloody hell Sherlock give a man a break, I hardly expected to walk in and find you with a baby.” Mike breathed eye glued to the consulting detective.
Violet nodded and set herself about preparing one while Arabella asked. “Where is that dashing soldier of yours then?”
“Fine.” Sherlock muttered under his breath. The elder Holmes left the two men alone with the small infant, they had a busy day ahead of them.
“She needs breakfast Sherlock.” His mother said. Maeve blinked sleepily, her head resting on her grandmother’s shoulder. “I just thought I’d get her for you, give you some…alone time.”
John rushed up the stairs. The flat was silent, Sherlock wasn’t here. He cursed to himself. Anderson was a total idiot. He never knew when to shut his big mouth.
“Judging on the last time we shared a bath help would not go amiss.” The consulting detective admitted, voice echoing off of the tiles as he turned on the taps and positioned her bath seat at one end of the bath, leaving the other clear for him.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock snapped. “Of course I love her. Even the idiots at Scotland yard can see that.”
“She planned it.” Sherlock accused as he unbuttoned his shirt. John snorted. He continued. “She waited until I had showered and changed.”
Violet’s face lit up the moment she saw Sherlock. He strode into the living room with a look of indifference on his face. She got to her feet and stepped towards him. “Sherlock.” She whispered, still in disbelief that he was here and with a child none the less.
John had woken up alone, the bed beside him was cold and he had a sneaky suspicion that the consulting detective hadn’t come to bed last night. Maeve was gone. Sherlock had her then. He sighed, heaved himself out of bed and went to the bathroom before checking. The flat was empty. He even checked the downstairs hallway where they kept Maeve’s pram, it was gone.
The nurse frowned in confusion as she sorted through the syringes on the tray, checking each one and placing them in the correct order. “Is you partner a paediatric doctor?”
The odour of cooked vegetables and fruit still hung thick in the air. The window, which was ajar, had done nothing to get rid of the smell. He put Maeve down on her tummy time matt facing up towards the colourful archway with small soft animal toys. She was immediately captivated by them and started to reach up as Sherlock sighed and took a moment to brush his hair, keeping an eye on the infant in the mirror. Once he was finished brushing, he tousled the curls into their ‘natural’ shape, put down the brush and sat on the floor beside his daughter.
Mycroft always fixed things. He wouldn’t allow emotions, though there was no doubt he felt them, to cloud his judgement.
Greg’s eyes widened in shock and Mycroft choked on his drink, coughing as he placed the glass back on the table a little too heavily and fought to control his outburst. “What?” He wheezed when it had died down somewhat and Greg ran a hand over his back.
The priest nodded and continued. Sherlock shifted Maeve higher up his body and craned his neck to place a lingering kiss to the top of her head, she squirmed and attempted to look up at him. He took pity and moved her back down into her original position, so that she had more space to look up, using his chest for support of her small head and still not strong enough neck. Her blue eyes met his and her lips tugged slightly into the beginnings of a smile. Sherlock found himself mirroring the action, threatening to but not quite smiling.
“Daily.” Mycroft corrected. The edge of Sherlock’s lip twitched threatening to bloom into a smile. “I shouldn’t need to remind you that I am not a child, mother.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and pursed his lips in consideration. After a moment he shrugged and announced, keeping his voice soft. “I suppose you did you best.”
“Gregory,” Mycroft voice was collecting but his eyes betrayed him, he looked panicked “I thought I’d made this clear, I have no desire for children.”
“I wouldn’t let them” Sherlock told him, voice sounding strong but broken, like admitting it hurt him more than he could articulate.
“And you’re her father. You can care about her Sherlock, it’s not criticism. I think you’re amazing” John said quickly. “You were amazing before, but now, it’s a totally new side to you and it’s amazing.”
Sherlock looked around for a moment, craning his neck to get a better view at Maeve – still soundly sleeping – and then back at John, his eyes full of shame and voice a mere whisper. “I utilised my abilities.”
John had backed away from the table to allow Sherlock more access, he sat at his desk and tapped at the keyboard, inserting the relevant medical data for Sherlock and Maeve to update their files. He looked away from the screen for a moment, Sherlock was hunched over the table looking long and delicate. "Do you want me to book her in for her vaccinations?"
“I’m going to put her in the bath, cool her down a bit, could you make me a bottle?” Mrs Hudson nodded eagerly. “Not too hot.”
“We are less likely to disturb her if she’s in there,” Sherlock informed him, speaking softly and refraining using his ‘don’t be an idiot’ look.
“Yes” Greg was not offended, just tired and sighed loudly as they walked into the homicide department.
“It’d be worth it though.” Louise stepped towards the bedroom, she was stopped by Howard grabbing her arm and pulling her back roughly.
“Yeah,” John faked a smile, “you should probably get down here before her head explodes about the flowers.”
“Brother, I am trying to help you.” Mycroft walked over to the sofa and stood at the end near his brother’s feet. “When was the last time you slept?”
“So, what’s the plan?” John asked. “How long are we going to be there? How many people are we going to talk to? When are we going to leave?”
There was a coat, similar to his, very similar. A miniature version, down to the red button hole. It was designer and looked to be custom made, it was a few sizes too big so she’d have to grow into it. Along with that was a few pretty dresses, a scarf and some shoes.
“Did you say something?” John asked with a pointed look in his direction as he reached down to pick up the toy.
“Thank you, Mr Holmes.” Emma handed Sherlock the card back over the counter and began bagging the last of the items. John was waiting by the new pram, cradling Maeve in his shorter arms. Sherlock nodded and picked up the two bags on the counter – everything else was being delivered within the next few hours. The sales assistant added quickly. “If you ever need anything, you know where we are.”
The mousy blonde looked up at him with a wide smile, that was a little nervous and twinkling eyes, she continued to take out the containers of Chinese food and place them on the table. "Sherlock invited me, I hope you don't mind."
He said it again Sherlock thought to himself as he watched the blonde with his daughter, interesting.
“Grandmother Christine was kind and accepting of all, she somehow raised out father and deserves to be remembered for that.” Sherlock explained coldly, keeping his hold on Maeve tight as he jiggled her up and down slightly. He added as an after note, sounding like a child. “And she liked bees.”
Sherlock studied him for a moment but after a moment, he seemed satisfied. He gave a slight nod. “I’ll see you in the morning then.”
John shrugged and positioned himself so that Maeve could see him and smiled exaggeratedly, she watched him in fascination before returning the smile with one of her own; hers more gummy. There was a snap of a camera alerting them that they were no longer alone and a slightly sorry, and pleased, looking Kelly.
The slam of the door signalled them being left alone, Mycroft sighed to himself. Maeve blinked herself awake and stared back up at him, a curious look on her face. Her blue eyes were bright and reminded him of Sherlock as a child. “You do look like your father, don’t you?”
“That went well.” John observed the moment they were alone. Violet and Siger had said their farewells and departed, the leaving the pair and Maeve standing on the side of the street.
“The engagement.” The taller man finished, “He is elated. He will ensure that we’re not there for the duration.”
“Does she have a name?” The doctor asked, sitting up straight while keeping his hand in the cot for the baby to play with, her little hands reaching out to him.
Violet ignored him. She looked at the clothes on the floor with vague annoyance, at the two men on the bed with a small knowing smile that caused both John and Sherlock to blush like teenagers and then to the cot, with a determined look on her face. She crossed the room and bent over, plucking up Maeve in a single movement.
“Hello.” Greg smiled wildly at him. His eyes flicked over the tall man before fixing on the infant. She was dozing off against his torso, cradled in his arms in a loose but protective hold.
“Just shut up and get into bed.” Sherlock made a move to get up but John quickly grabbed his arm. “No, here. I’ll get Maeve whatever she needs.”
It was only after their lunch that Sherlock could finally relax with Maeve in his arms. She was drooping against his shoulder already, not even fighting the urge to sleep. The past few days had tired her out and the need for her daytime naps was increasing with each hour.
John smiled and knelt down, offering the infant his hand. She took it, taking two of his fingers within her small fists. He glanced up at Sherlock – still staring intently at his phone; brows furrowing and mouth contorting into a thin line – and then focused back on his attention back on Maeve.
John rolled his eyes and continued “heart. He is amazing and I adore his daughter, I am very happy.”
“This is more than just pleasure,” Sherlock articulated, “he’s in it for the money, we’re looking for somebody with a similar background to the victims, his parent, most likely his mother, married into money. He wants the lifestyle but he hates it, he hates his victims or the original victims he’s attempting to recreate.”
Sherlock glanced up at the screen again, aware that John was watching his every movement with a smug kind of smile. “Shut up.” He instructed the blonde.
Sherlock eyes narrowed in way that John knew meant 'fascinating', he often had this look when finding out new data. "So you're proud of me because of..." His eyes flicked to Maeve "how well I've adapted to having Maeve in my life."
“She can’t just take her,” Sherlock spat as he searched the room naked for his pyjama bottoms, they were still folded at the top of the suitcase. He pulled them on and rushed out of the room. John cursed and quickly found some clothes before following.
Sherlock frowned at his mother. “Make sure to keep her out of direct sunlight, she has sun cream on and there’s a hat in the bottom of the pram. Her eyes are sensitive.”
“I suppose it will be easier,” Sherlock sighed as if it was a hardship, “having Maeve with me at all time.”
Maeve whined loudly and Sally cursed under her breath. She tried in as soothing tone as she could muster as she began rocking the baby back and forth slightly. “Everything’s fine, you’re fine, I’m fine, you’re dads fine.”
“That’s fine, we can work around that.” Kelly nodded, “After grandmother and grandfather, we can get the single shots, I know that Violet and Siger wanted a few together, Mycroft and Greg, and singularly, then you and John. Afterwards we can work on Mycroft and Greg with Maeve, then her on her own.”
“I observed,” Sherlock told him, “she’s been shifting during tummy time, positioning her arms in a similar manner, testing the waters, so to speak.”
There was no answer of course, instead she just blinked up at him. Sherlock shifted her onto his shoulder, face resting on the muslin he placed there, he rubbed her back softly.
Mycroft stilled and popped the teat from her mouth. “Are you going to spend the entire hour lecturing me on how to take care of my niece?”
The group surrounding the auburn-haired man and infant was mainly women, some with their partners but most alone. One particular woman, a blonde in a sparkling gold dress was cooing at the baby.
“He’s meeting with our friend to give him a statement, then he’s got some experiments to do,” John smiled.
Sherlock had Maeve strapped into her papoose. The changing bag hooked over his shoulder, he wore no coat, only his usual pristine suit and white shirt. He had one hand over her head, keeping her close to his body. His mother walked in line with him, her two steps equal to one of his, and she watched her son and granddaughter, keeping only a weathered eye on the pathway ahead.
Sherlock nodded and took a seat to the left of them, angling his body towards them and keeping Maeve fixed firmly against his chest. “You’re paying the ransom.”
He took another step closer to the crib so that he was stood beside it, hovering, craning his back so that he was watching his sleeping daughter from a horizontal angle. Her hand was balled into a fist, resting beside her face. He blinked, letting his eyes close leisurely. He moved his hand. He opened his eyes and reached towards her, using his index finger and the skin of her hand. It was warm. Warmer than he’d been expecting. He let his finger roam gently over her thumb, each finger, and then the small bit of palm that he could reach with her hand balled into a fist. He kept his touches light, feather light, so he was just ghosting the skin, unwilling to wake her.
“The more the merrier.” Violet beamed, retaking her seat as the boys took their own seats on the other side of the table, back to the window with the buggy by Sherlock’s side.
This took forever; I've spent the whole day on the last half of this chapter, an absolute nightmare and still not sure if I'm happy with it. Also, this week has been super busy.
When John disappears back upstairs after snapping pictures of the father and daughter, against said fathers will, he immediately called for Mrs Hudson, voice loud but cautious. Maeve jerked at the sound, surprised and shocking herself. The consulting detective rushed to his feet and began a comforting jiggle, hoping to stop her crying. After a moment of quivering lip against his collarbone and silence, Maeve stops, and Sherlock grins triumphantly.
Her face scrunched up further, her nose wrinkling and mouth pulling into a small thin line, her cupid bow pulling up, moist with salvia. She groaned in her sleep, a high tired sound.
Sherlock stared at his father for a moment, then moved on to his mother. “I knew this would never work.” He muttered more to himself before storming out.
Mycroft didn’t answer, instead he pulled her away from his chest slowly. His heart panged at the loss but he didn’t show it. The nurse manoeuvred her hands around his arms and lifted her up onto the examination bed, slowly she unwrapped the blanket.
“No” Sherlock snapped. Mycroft’s brow furrowed and all attention was on him, once again. He was angry, raging but somehow managing to keep it cool for the baby in his arms.
It was mothers encouraging their kids to play instruments while they all sung along, most out of key.
Greg nodded and smiled apologetically at Sherlock, who took Maeve and then handed her to John. They stepped into the hospital room and nodded at Mr and Mrs Innes, sitting in plastic chairs beside his bed.
“Just you and me,” he said to his daughter. “I will have to name you soon though, I can’t keep referring to you as ‘baby’ it’s frankly ridiculous.”
“Do you think that you could move her? Kelly asked, “just lift her up to sit on your leg, support her however you need to and we’ll work around it.”
Sherlock stepped into the pool, it was warm. With a satisfied sigh he walked down the steps and down into the water, at this end, it reached his mid-torso and the bottom of Maeve’s legs were submerged. She seemed unfazed, intent at staring at the water, her eyes flicking up to Sherlock’s excitedly and then back down to the water. Her mouth was parted in silent but obvious anticipation. He ran his hand down her back and walked further into the pool, careful to keep her high above the water line.
Greg rolled onto his side to face Maeve and smiled. She watched him carefully, curiously, and after a moment returned the smile with one of her own, the open mouth kind full of gums. Greg chuckled softly. “You are so precious.” He lifted his hand from the toy and moved it towards her face.
Sherlock smiled and nuzzled his face into John’s neck. He was careful, not wanting to disturb the older man, but that didn’t deter him. He kissed the exposed skin there, soft gentle caresses of his lips as he listened to the sounds of sleep. John was no longer snoring, he breathing was starting to regulate and he was waking up. Maeve, still snoring, was asleep in her cot.
John paused on the threshold of the large room and watched for a moment before moving again, this time with far more caution than before. If he woke her now, Sherlock would not be happy. After a few moments, he was satisfied that light sounds would not wake her and went about unpacking once more.
“Tired.” Was all that Sherlock offered. He clutched the sleeping child to his chest for a few moments before making his way around the bed and placing Maeve into her Moses Basket. She stirred slightly but didn’t wake, instead turning her head to the side and releasing a small even breath. Sherlock pulled the blanket up to cover her and watched her for a moment, her breathing was even, chest rising and falling.
“Thank you for coming.” Greg greeted the moment they arrived, not remarking on the brand new buggy or the baby inside, merely raising an eyebrow. Sherlock stopped beside him and the detective inspector peered in at the baby, fast asleep beneath her blankets, lips scrunched up. “How was she last night?”
Sherlock shucked off his coat and placed it over the door. Without a word, he stepped further into the living room and picked up his laptop, a quick check for cases would take but a moment.
“I love watching you,” he told her, “your mind, the way it works is fascinating. You’re dormant, there’s so much for you still to learn and do but you’ve already learnt so much. I’m so proud of you.”
“The forensics team have just finished photographing and are now documenting the scene,” Sally informed them, climbing into the passenger seat. She plucked her phone from her pocket and began texting.
Sherlock smiled to himself and moved to crouch on all fours, placing his hands on either side of John’s head. He held himself on hands and knees above the doctor and his daughter, the space between his stomach and her back big enough to make sure that she would not be crushed between them. He looked down at John for a moment, eyes flicking to Maeve as she recognised him hovering above them before he placed a single kiss on John’s lips. He moved back up, allowing Maeve more wiggle room and smiled at John. “She had a twin sister.”
Dimmock cleared his throat and straightened his back, standing upright and producing his notebook. “The scene was cleared of any harmful substances of toxins. The victim was found this morning when the guards checked the gallery, she’s one of Art restorers here at the gallery and was working late last night, her husband called to report her missing last night when she didn’t return home but…”
Sherlock returned later, he was ignoring his brother in favour of updating his website and simultaneously searching for any interesting cases in the papers. Mycroft was sat on the ground beside Maeve’s tummy time mat, she was lain on her front with toys ahead of her and stealing glances at her uncle every so often.
Sherlock was watching John intently, Maeve already falling back to sleep against his shoulder. “What?” The doctor asked.
Sherlock nodded. He loosened his hold and allowed his father to gently pry the infant from his chest and place her against his own. She whined in displeasure and wacked her fist against his chest. He huffed a laugh and ran his free hand over her head. This seemed to pacify her somewhat, she looked up at his face before dropping her gaze back to his chest and watching her own fingers clutch his shirt.
“She’s more aware now.” He answered, eyes flicking between the two brothers. “She won’t understand but she will be in distress.”
Sherlock was stretched out on the bed, lain on his back with his eyes closed and shirt unbuttoned revealing the bandage covering his stitched. Maeve was on her back beside him, awake and looking with awe up at the stars cast onto the ceiling by the nightlight. Sherlock creaked an eye open to look at his partner, an amused smirk on his face and remarked, “It appears so.”
Sherlock stepped slowly into the kitchen with Maeve held securely against his chest, a thin blanket held over her back. He glanced around the kitchen, eyes pausing on Greg and then, the bowl of soup.
John picked up the bags of presents from beneath the tree and gave Sherlock a look. “Get your coat on you ninny or we’ll never go and your mother will phone and I’ll blame you.”
“She’s ok.” He declared. He ran a hand over her head and craned his neck to press his nose to her hair, he inhaled her scent and kept his face pressed against the top of her head. He took a step back, putting some space between him and consulting criminal.
“I’m going to have to make a birthing plan soon.” She sighed. “You’ll be my birthing partner, right?”
The bottle popped out of Maeve’s mouth leaving a trail of milk from her mouth, down her chin and neck. He offered her the teat again which she accepted, looking back up to glare at John. “I made her, she will not turn out like Mycroft.”
“A fool proof plan.” The younger Holmes grumbled and looked back down at the small baby asleep in his arms, she was snoring softly, her mouth slightly parted and eyelashes fluttering against her cheek.
There was a loud splash followed by Sherlock cursing loudly. John smirked to himself from the kitchen and poked his head into the hallway. “Everything ok?” He asked.
“Fed, changed” Sherlock deduced, tilting his head down and sniffing at the top of his daughter’s head. “Not bathed but she was washed yesterday, due in the evening and has not yet spit up, burped and ready to sleep within the next hour and a half.”
“You have nothing to be sorry about,” Greg assured him, raising a hand to the shoulder that was sans Maeve and squeezed. “It’s nothing to do with you, you know that right?”
, he thought to himself. He risked looking up at the sky despite knowing there was no reason to, nothing there either.
There was a loud crash from the alleyway, similar to the sound of that CIA agent landing on Mrs Hudson’s bins followed by a scream, the scream of an animal, a cat then. The sound of crying caught his ears. Sherlock was up and in the bedroom within a few seconds. Maeve was crying, her face red and tears streaming down her cheeks. John had darted up and was in the process of scooping her up.
Sherlock hummed and he rocked slowly from side to side, holding the infant tight against his chest and watching as with each passing moment she fell into a deeper and deeper sleep.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and peeled his daughter off of John’s face. She whined in annoyance but quickly settled down when she was placed on her father’s chest and had open access to the smooth skin. She mouthed at his sternum, tongue escaping to lap at his skin at the short hairs there as she explored with her hands further up his body.
“The house is secure.” Anthea informed him. Mycroft nodded and she continued, “I’ve had the house searched and there is extra security at all entrances.”
“This is a list of fruit and vegetables with ticks and crosses,” Sherlock could hear the frown as he spoke. “Some have a question mark and there are mixtures here too. You’ve been cooking.”
In silent he moved the pillow into an arrowhead shape in the middle of the bed, put Maeve inside of it on her back and then climbed in the other side of the bed. “Night.”
Sherlock hummed, uninterested. “She does require my constant attention but is far less work that the rest of the population. Besides,” he sighed, “she helps me think.”
Maeve was babbling in content against her father’s chest. Her hands were gripped in his coat and her eyes were fixed ahead of her at his clothed chest, occasionally flicking up to his face as though to check he was still there. It was obvious that she was scared of him disappearing, somehow slipping through his grip. Sherlock could read this in her body language, of course, John knew, watching him from the other side of the room. The consulting detective’s hand was resting on the back of her head, occasionally stroking with his forefinger over the soft but thickening strands of dark hair. He displayed the care one would expect from any father while simultaneously demonstrating the behaviour of a professional. His eyes flicked in a precise and practised manner, drinking in all the information he could from every item.
“Fine, let’s get on with this then.” Greg said quickly, Sherlock obviously was not in the mood for talking, though that wasn’t uncommon it was better to get this over with as quickly as possible.
“Ouch.” Sherlock said from the ground, stretching out from the ball shape he’d landed in with a loud groan. He looked up at the ceiling in failure.
The elder Holmes somehow managed to calm her, bouncing her lightly and whispering reassuring words into her ear. She finally stopped crying and dozed off in the car. She woke when the car stopped outside of the hospital and he remained inside to feed her before venturing inside in search of his brother, Anthea directed him into the waiting room where the yarders, Gregory and John were waiting.
“This is Maeve, my daughter.” He introduced, Molly nodded still very confused. “The result of a one night stand, she has recently come into my care.”
“And my daughter” Sherlock argued, shocking the others into silence. He’d never said that out loud before, it was interesting to say the least and very, natural.
John pushed himself up into a sitting position and stared down at the consulting detective. “I was worried. I’ve been worried all day. Worried sick. You think I can sleep after what happened today.”
“It is a very real possibility.” John informed his dad. “I’m afraid there have been incidents already.”
“There is no reason that I should be separated from her.” Sherlock spoke up, voice hard but low as he glanced down at his sleeping daughter, cautious not to wake her.
“There are” Sherlock agreed. “Pink will of course make an appearance in her wardrobe but in small doses.”
Louise pushed him back and he let her, body falling limp to the floor as she got to her knees. She looked down at him. “You’re a fool Sherlock Holmes.”
She moved quickly. It was quicker than he could in his disorientated state and she struck him hard in the side. He registered the searing pain as she withdrew the knife in one quick well practised movement, leaving him breathless.
Neither John or Lestrade answered, they didn’t have to. The question was rhetorical, Sherlock was using them as a sound board nothing more, and even if they wanted to answer they couldn’t. It wasn’t possible.
John’s eyebrow rose high, so high it almost touched the wrinkles that appeared on his forehead. “Don’t belittle me for being sentimental when you tried to sneak that gift into the flat earlier.”
“I actually brought something for Maeve.” Violet reminded him, there were three matching bags by the foot of the chair. Sherlock scowled. “I actually think you will quite like these.”
“Taking care of” Siger corrected with raised eyebrows, he took the seat beside his son at the breakfast bar.
Maeve continued to cry, not as loud but still distressed. He heaved himself up and went over to the changing table, placing her down on it. He unbuttoned the sleepsuit. She whined, a particularly loud sound escaping her lips. “Shhh, don’t be so silly. I know. I know.”
I challenged myself to do five chapters this month in celebration of Christmas. I've already done two and a half chapters so here's the first, they'll be published on the 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th and 25th of the month. I hope you're excited as I am.
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded and glanced at the baby, uncharacteristically quiet against his chest, her eyes flicked up to meet his and she relaxed further into his hold.
“Let’s get some breakfast then,” he told Maeve and the cat. He made to get up and Jade meowed in protest before dutifully jumping from his lap onto the floor and leaving the bedroom.
“She’s been having contractions for almost eleven hours.” Anthea admitted to her boss. “She called the hospital an hour ago and is still only two centimetres dilated, she’s tired and the labour is putting a lot of stress on both her and the baby.”
“Not until the appropriate time,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. Then he changed the subject, “blogging again.”
Siger added quickly. “Something about the flammability of materials, the curtains were the only sample of that particular blend of material.”
“You’ll have two bedrooms, of course.” He told her. “One here and one in the manor. We’ll have two houses. I know, it’s dreadfully confusing but there’s nothing like escaping the city for a weekend granted there’s no work to be done. Though, I suppose I’ll have to spend less time in the office.”
“Take her with me” Sherlock answered immediately. His mother looked horrified. “I wouldn’t allow her to be taken onto a crime scene, Lestrade or Donovan would watch her while I take a look at the scene.”
In truth, Sherlock was already bored. His mother seemed to thrive for perfect in planning events and loved the involvement of the whole family, Sherlock abhorred it. All the event his mother threw we dreadfully boring and she forgot the important details, like the future godmother and father of his daughter. There were only two obvious choices for Godparents, people that were not family but would become an important part of Maeve’s life as she grew up.
Sorry, this chapter is not as long as I imagined it would be but I'm rushing slightly because I'm leaving in like an hour to go on holiday. Hope it's okay and enjoy, as i said before I will continue writing when I'm away but will most likely not be able to update.
John edges closer to her and with his middle finger swiped away a small blob at the corner of her mouth, instead of wiping it away he placed the tip of his finger at the seam of her lips. She opened her mouth, accepting both the food and her finger and bit down with her gums. “We don’t want you to waste any.”
Greg came back into the room, running a hand through his silver hair as Mycroft followed him. The elder Holmes looked down at the scene with a mixture of astonishment and disappointment, his back straight and hand curled elegantly around the wooden handle of his umbrella. “Sherlock” He voiced, eyes fixed on his brother sat on the hospital bed with a sleeping baby curled protectively in his arms. At the sound of his voice the consulting detective’s arms tightened slightly, not enough for the sleeping infant to notice or anyone else in the room, but enough for the auburn haired government worker to notice. It was an involuntary gesture, like that of a protective parents.
The consulting detective snorted in amusement, hands still firmly in place upon his daughters head and bottom.
I go on holiday tomorrow for two weeks, so no updates. I will update as quickly as possible upon my return, which may or may not be quick, we'll have to wait and see but i promise not to keep you guys waiting too long.
“I don’t know that scrunching face might be magic.” John joked. He’d caught a glimpse of the face in person and then on Sherlock’s phone, his screen saver.
Sherlock rushed down the stairs, sock clad feet patting against the carpet on the wooden floors as he made his way to the door. He pulled the black painted door open, a rush of air hitting him in the face forcing his hair off of his forehead as he was faced with no-one.
Siger provided, grey eyes hard. “We can’t allow her to live in care, she is a Holmes. That might not mean something to you but it does to us, if you won’t care for her, then we will.”
“Are you boys playing nice?” Mrs Hudson asked, popping her head around the door frame with a suspicious look.
“I hate you,” Sherlock muttered, shifting his daughter slightly. She hadn’t stopped wriggling since she’d seen him. It made him annoyed and a little jealous. He quashed the feelings bubbling up inside of him.
Mycroft was, after juggling his rather excitable niece with a new feeding routine that consisted of some baby rice and if she was still full a bottle, relaxing in the silence of his brothers flat. Silence was not the best word for it, his country manner offered him complete, uninterrupted silence. Here, the silence was more like static noise of people and cars constantly moving. It was the unmistakable sound of London. He found it rather soothing, that and the sound of his niece sleeping in her bedroom upstairs, the monitor on the table beside him made it sound as though she were in the room. He was somewhat glad she was not, though he enjoyed spending time with her, he was enjoying a moment alone with his book. It was an Italian novel, the title in English,
“I’ll make some tea” Mrs Hudson declared rising to her feet, John opened his mouth to protest but she shushed him, continuing “just this once though, I’m not your housekeeper.”
He sidestepped his father. Siger rolled his eyes but followed his son as he marched through the house and into the kitchen. Violet’s face lit up at the sight of him, blue eyes warming. She was wearing a pair of jeans with a crisp white shirt tucked in, something casual. Her grey hair was pulled back elegantly, like it always was. Sherlock placed himself on the other side of the counter, leaving a barrier between them. His hands were in his pocket and eyes flicking around, trying to avoid looking at his parents for too long as he remained distant. Siger could have sworn his son looked nervous, something he hadn’t seen in a long time.
“Don’t be dense Mycroft.” Sherlock scoffed. Mycroft frowned. “I’m coming home with you.” The obviously went unsaid. “How else am I to know if you’re doing this correctly?”
Sherlock interrupted, blurting out, “What about you? You have Lestrade and he has children, four of them.”
“Thank you for agreeing to meet with us Mr Holmes,” a haggard woman greeted as she stepped into the hallway, gesturing for him to enter the room.
He stepped into the bath, careful that he didn’t slip and then sat down, submerging the lower half of his body in the lukewarm water. He carefully dipped Maeve into the water and settled her to sit on his lap, using his chest as a support so that she was sat up, her hands immediately went to the water and for the first time she was silent.
The photographer popped her lips loudly and suggested, politely, “If you’d like to join the others, we could start.”
Maeve babbled in response. He nodded, accepting that as an agreement and threw the notebook back onto his chair. He drew his legs round underneath his body and sat on them, placing his hands on his knees. “Now, what shall we talk about today?” He asked.
Sherlock allowed John to be taken by his mother and led towards the house. Sherlock picked up the baby bag and bee lined into the house and up the stairs.
“Shhh…Shhh.” He hushed her, voice slightly rough from sleep but smooth baritone in place. “Everything is going to be just fine.”
“And you haven’t got a partner?” Doctor Green asked. Her cheeks turning pink. “I’m sorry it’s just-”
“No, I do not think that you do,” Sherlock cut him off, “I would much rather be with her than without, especially for something as trivial as paperwork” he spat the word in disgust, “but I trust you with her.”
On Wednesday I'm going on holiday for ten days which means no updates I'm afraid but I will be taking my laptop and continuing to write. I hope to get another chapter done before I leave but we'll have to wait and see.
“Fine.” The consulting detective called out after a moment. John chuckled and returned to making the tea. The sound of the front door caught John’s attention and he retrieved a few more cups from the cupboard.
Greg’s cheeks reddened and he smiled, that perfect smile that Mycroft adored so much. “That was extremely romantic Mr Holmes.”
“If you have any ideas about the names or need anything, don’t hesitate to call for me. I’ll be just down the hall, it’s a quiet night, and you’ll be doing me a favour.”
lock” Mrs Hudson scolds as she comes upstairs voice harsh but gentle. “You can’t just go around shouting, I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper.”
When they were done John took their plates into the kitchen and started cleaning up. Mycroft remained in his seat, eyes fixed firmly on his brother as he jiggled the infant on his knee.
“My parents,” John started, clearing his throat, “would like to meet you, if it’s not too much trouble, they’re going to come and spend the weekend. They want to see where we live, spend some time with Maeve and meet you, they’re very interested in you after meeting Sherlock.”
Sherlock stormed off with no particular destination in mind. He gripped the prams handle, knuckles turning white with force as he attempted to even out his breathing and control his anger. Anderson, that idiot. He had no idea, none at all. Just because he was a ‘freak’ didn’t mean he was completely unlovable. And his daughter shouldn’t be brought into that, she was innocent and had already been through enough. Idiot. He was just annoyed that his wife was making him sleep on the sofa, she was suspicious about his affair and that Sally was in a mood with him.
Sherlock smirked and looked down at Maeve, she was still fighting off sleep, her eyes glassy and fixed on him. He ran a hand down her cheek and quickly wiped the trail of dribble from her chin, wiping it on the blanket as he pulled it higher onto her lap.
Sherlock glanced at the other woman at the table, younger with a dyed red pixie cut, and took his seat on the opposite side of the round table, cradling the sleeping baby Maeve with an attentive hand on the back of her head. His brother took the seat beside him, with a quick glance to the baby and his younger brother, he focused his attention on the two woman, the blonde taking a seat beside the red head.
“I’m making a promise” Mycroft informed him, eyes stern and voice matching his brothers at this moment.
“God. Is she ok?” John asked. He immediately embraced the consulting detective, careful not to hurt the baby between them and ran his finger over her cheek.
Sherlock nodded and glanced at Mycroft. There was relief in his eyes but his voice remained collected as he spoke up, “and what do you require in return?”
Mycroft hummed and focused on his niece's eyes. It didn’t take a genius to notice that they had been settling over the past few weeks but now, they were almost the exact image of Sherlock’s eyes. The once pure blue irises were now a vibrant mixture of blue and green that shone almost golden as she moved her head towards the windows, hearing the sound of a siren past by the house. He had no doubt that the colour would continue to shift, like an artist’s pallet smeared with colour, much like her fathers. The only feature she lacked was the small dark pinprick beside the pupil. As she turned back to Mycroft, he met her eyes and a smile crept onto her face.
When Maeve woke up it was to her daddy staring at her. She yawned and a tired smile settled on her face.
Sherlock shot Mycroft a confused look. The auburn haired man merely raised an eyebrow while his younger brother continued his ministrations on his upset daughter. Then it clicked. Sherlock’s eyes widened. Mycroft was giving him a brief escape. “How rude of me.” He said unconvincingly.
“He’s not coping very well is he?” Greg asked, Mycroft turned to face him and raised an eyebrow. He clarified. “God no, I meant with the separation, he’s coping just fine as a father but the separation, that’s what he struggles with.”
“I didn’t” Sherlock croaked, speaking up. His parents focused was on him instantaneously and they crossed the room in seconds, standing at his bedside. “Maeve?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and clarified, “Maeve’s behalf, you didn’t want to risk waking her or me, instead you sacrificed your own fun for our sakes.”
Sherlock shook his head and picked up one half of his scone. He bit into it and placed it immediately back on the small plate, he wiped the bits of cream and jam from the corners of his mouth with his fingers.
It shouldn’t have come as a surprise to the elder Holmes sibling that his mother would go overboard.
John looked hurt by the response, hurt for Sherlock not himself. Greg looked at the ground. Anderson just looked pleased with himself, suspicion confirmed. “I knew it.” He responded triumphantly.
Sherlock watched Maeve look around the remaining chunks of vegetables and pick up a piece of peach between her sticky fingers. He pursed his lips and glanced at Lestrade. “You haven’t spoken to him yet.”
This is a bit of a shorter chapter but the rest will be longer, I promise. I was supposed to update this yesterday but I've been busy with starting work this week but the update will be as promised now.
A moment later he was enveloped in a hug, he sighed but allowed his mother to pull him close. “Sherlock I’m so proud of you.”
“No, it’s his baby.” She corrected, getting to her feet and looking down the hallway. “Imagine the pain knowing that he couldn’t protect his own baby, that he was only a few metres away when she died, all alone with no parents.”
“Just something from the Yard.” Greg explained, placing the basket on the coffee table. Sherlock didn’t look convinced. “Sally organised it, everyone chipped in, and she wanted to show her support.”
Sherlock’s frown deepened and he shook himself from his thoughts. “Stay as long as you wish, just, don’t annoy John.”
Maeve squirmed in response, shoving a glove covered fist into her mouth and grimacing at the feel and taste. She pulled the fist from her mouth, dissatisfied and looked up at Mycroft pleadingly. The politician took pity on his niece, scooping her up from the Moses basket and bringing her close to his chest. She gurgled simply against him.
Silvia jerked at the news and Harold took her hand in his own, his own expression was that of controlled sadness and…anger. She stammered. “Do you mind…where…where was she abandoned? If you don’t mind me asking.”
“She’s able to process your words but she doesn’t yet understand them. This is a confidential meeting.”
“He wouldn’t have to,” Sherlock answered. “If he had a weapon, which would have been enough to keep them silent and get them to his vehicle, assuming he had parked it close by.”
“Bring her out and straight to the ambulance.” John told him. Sherlock nodded. John leaned up and placed a kiss on his lips. “Make sure she’s safe.”
The body was that of a middle aged man, overweight and killed of a heart attack, sudden and out of the blue like most heart attacks but the position of the body had caused a suspicious death alert that had Molly investigating and now, Sherlock leant down over the body his eyes glittering in delight.
John put up the umbrella and pulled Maeve’s hood over her face. Then, he replaced Sherlock’s coat, pulling it over her small body and the umbrella high for a moment. Sherlock said something but Harry couldn’t quite make it out. John nodded and lifted the umbrella away from his partner, they took off across the street, her brother just keeping up with the taller man.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but nodded and repositioned himself on the bed, when he was satisfied he looked up at his father expectantly. Siger lent over the bed and pried the almost asleep baby away from his body, her face scrunched up in displeasure and she whined but her eyes remained shut. Sherlock took her and placed her across his chest, her body spread out across his chest. She sighed, considering her new position and relaxed, melting onto his body.
“I abhor repetition.” He threw his head back. “You can see her every Sunday, you can visit and we will drop in on occasion, you can watch her for long running cases, I’ll even spend a week with you during summer. I cannot raise her alone, alone I will ruin her. I want you involved, you and…father.”
“And you?” She asked, eyes flicking over his usual black trousers and pale grey shirt, with the camel dressing gown over the top.
There was a loud meow followed by the appearance of Jade from the kitchen, tail high in the air as she walked with grace, eyes flicking over the new people in the room. She bypassed them all and jumped onto the desk beside Sherlock, using the chair for leverage she edged closer to the consulting detective and meowed again.
“I was.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow disbelieving. Violet sighed. “I was visiting a friend a few streets over and thought I would just pop in.”
John helped him to attach the carseat to the frame of the buggy and Sherlock paid the cabbie. The cab pulled away from the curb and the taller man plucked his daughter from the seat, holding her in his large hands. He kissed the top of her head in a bid to keep her happy. She continued to frown but her hands fisted in his suit jacket and shirt.
“No,” John interrupted, his voice steady but not loud enough to upset Maeve. “Think what you want but I love Sherlock and Maeve, and they are a package deal. I wouldn’t change a thing about what’s happened…well, maybe a couple of things but not them, never them.” He sighed. “The situation wasn’t perfect but what is? This is…this is ideal, this is a family. None of us are perfect but we love each other and that’s all that matters.”
“Anthea?” Mycroft pressed the phone to his ear. The lack of an immediate response caught his attention and he looked up, pressing the phone closer to his ear. “What’s wrong?”
“And you don’t visit for two days, two days Mycroft, anything could have happed to the child in that time.” She continued.
“Maeve has special shampoo designed for babies.” Sherlock huffed, taking a seat at the table. John snorted in amusement.
The sun was shining through a gentle mist as the car pulled up the gravel driveway leading to the hotel his mother had handpicked for her charity gala. The neo-gothic mansion looked akin to a castle, the type a princess would be locked away in and sheltered from the world within the cold sandy stone, turrets and elegant arched windows. It was overwhelming or it would be to a normal person, Sherlock Holmes merely glanced at the house through the tinted window, stepped out of the car and picked up his discontent daughter. She whined as though the movement pained her and he pressed his lips to the top of her head.
Sherlock gave a single curt nod and pulled his coat tighter around his body and the wriggling infant that was secured to his front via a papoose beneath the heavy material of his coat. He was sans scarf but his gloves were on and Maeve was wrapped up in a simple white fluffy bear-like onesie complete with hood, mittens and shoes. She looked out at Lestrade but craned her neck to look up at her father as much as she could.
The only advantage of a pram was that most people, not all, would allow him to pass in usual circumstances. Now, with people in a Christmas frenzy, manners were lacking somewhat. It also allowed him to carry more shopping. He somehow passed through the crowd with ease and approached the shop he was looking for. It was a small but quaint shop tucked in between some buildings. A woman leaving the room opened the door for him and stood aside as he manoeuvred the pram into the room. It was an antique bookshop.
Sherlock had grown adept at walking the streets of London. He knew the right turns and places to avoid, and most importantly, he knew how to navigate a crowd. But now, with a buggy navigating the streets came with its own rewards, the majority of people would move out of his way. Occasionally he would be stuck behind a man too absorbed in his failing marriage and affairs to move out of his way, these men, he learnt, were some of the worse idiots in the city. Today, he weaved his way through the crowds with purpose. He stopped when he reached some police tape cordoning off a small shop, the site of a robbery turn murder. A young policeman noticed him and lifted the tape high enough for him to step beneath it with his buggy.
“Isn’t she gorgeous?” Arabella asked, leaning forward in her seat to get a good look at Maeve as she quietened down, the tears drying on her cheeks and voice hoarse from crying.
“Don’t look so pleased with yourself,” Sherlock told him, voice level. He stood up and quickly plucked the upset infant from the blonde’s hands, turning her mid-air so that she was facing him, and told her. “You either, you nightmare or I’ll just let you cry next time.”
Sherlock looked up and turned to face his partner. John was sprawled lazily across his side of the bed wearing only an old top and his boxers, the covers pulled haphazardly over his legs.
With the bottle made Sherlock began the process of waking his daughter. He started by picking her up and placing her against his chest, her face on his shoulder. She exhaled loudly, breath ghosting his skin through the ‘v’ in his shirt and squirmed.
“No, you missed last week and she’ll wake up soon.” Sherlock said quickly, it was important that Mycroft spent time with her.
Sherlock picked her up wordlessly, scooping her up from Sally’s arms and resting her against his chest. Maeve gurgled enthusiastically before plunging into her coat, hands grasping at the fabric as she smiled wildly. He then glanced at Sally. “Thank you.”
"Then she'll be needing a bath tonight." John said in a matter of fact way. He sat down on the floor, on the opposite side of the table to Sherlock and Molly, and reached to grab a container of dumplings and chopsticks.
“Not you.” Sherlock muttered quickly as he began walking away, pushing the pram ahead of him. “Me and my daughter.”
She released John and stood in the centre of the room. “Mycroft is already at the reception venue with Gregory, making sure the arrangements are in order and that girl -”
“Yes, alright, she’s amazing. You’re amazing.” John sighed, the baby bag hooked over his shoulder. “Shall we get going before little miss decides to grump again?”
I finally feel like I'm back on top of my writing and with some time, dedication and a little chapter reshuffling they'll be Christmas chapters for Christmas, I'm excited about this, I hope you are too. I really can't thank you all enough for sticking with me over the past year because I had such a tough time and writing really took the back seat but seeing your lovely comments at the end of each chapter really means the world and inspires me to continue writing. So, thank you for being the best readers ever and I hope that you enjoy this chapter and the chapters to come.
“I’ve memorised her body temperature and recognise when there is a change even through layers of clothing.” Sherlock informed him, running his hand down her face softly.
“She has a great routine.” John answered. “She sleeps through the night and has regular naps and feeds.”
Sherlock plucked the book he had found the victims boyfriends house and threw it at John, the doctor caught it in one hand. He regarded the item. “A journal?”
“Sherlock,” John called as he climbed the stairs, stopping the doorway for a brief moment before stepping into the living room with a small wonky smile. “Has she been alright?”
“Poor thing, she’s probably had enough excitement for the day.” John sympathised with a weary smile.
“Or what?” Sherlock asked challengingly. Maeve twisted her face around spreading milk over her lips and cheeks, he pulled the bottle away. She was finished eating then. He picked up a muslin from the desk and dabbed at the milk collecting on her face.
“No.” John shook his head, the angry smile on his face highlighted in the purple light. “I do not blame you for what happened today, there is no part of me that blames you. I just want you to trust me.”
“It’s overwhelming enough for normal people, so I’m told.” Mycroft frowned and pocketed the lighter.
“I’ll leave her,” he nodded his head towards the infant attached to her father’s chest. “She won’t be involved.”
"Finally" Sherlock breathed to himself, he smiled at Maeve as she continued to explore his much larger hands, unaware of exactly what was happening in the room.
“John” Sherlock moaned, drawing out the word like a child trying to stop their parents from telling an embarrassing story.
“No, you are not” Mycroft agreed, “but you need to be careful, you have a weakness and people will notice and use it against you. They already have.”
The smile on Greg’s face was immeasurable. Pure joy shot through Mycroft’s body at the sight and events of the night. He stood up and was pulled into a tight embrace a moment later.
“It could be interesting. Says here,” John added, reading from the screen. “That she disappeared on her way home from college two weeks ago.”
“I suggest you get some sleep while you can,” Mycroft told them. John frowned and Sherlock looked up at him. “You are better with sleep. Rest, I’ll take care of her.”
“John.” His mother managed before pulling the blonde into a hug. She released him and his father immediately seized him in another hug. They stepped back and their attention moved to Sherlock, stood awkwardly a few steps behind his shorter partner with a baby in his arm.
Siger nodded, not taking his eyes off the baby as she blinked herself awake. She looked confused and annoyed at having to wake. Sherlock lent in and scooped her up with little effort, pulling her to his chest as she released a tired whine. She calmed immediately, dozing against her father’s chest. Siger managed. “Your mother is in the living room.”
“Darling, are you sure that there isn’t anything we can do to help you?” His mother asked, standing up and leaning over the chairs from behind.
Once they were past security and Maeve was fed and asleep, his mother returned from her airside shopping with a new soft toy for Maeve. It was a toy cat, closely resembling Jade.
Mycroft was already in a corner making small talk with an older woman that Sherlock recognised from previous events. He looked up at his brother and gave a small, almost unnoticeable nod of reassurance. Sherlock nodded to himself and tightened to grip ever so slightly on Maeve. She was babbling enthusiastically in his arms. Sherlock’s eyes flicked from Mycroft to his parents. Mycroft excused himself from the conversation he was in, polite as ever, and made his way to his brother. He was a simple black tux and held a full champagne flute.
Violet smiled. She’d hadn’t imagined a day when both her sons would be in happy relationships and a grandchild, it was rather perfect.
Sherlock was corresponding with the Parisian police, well, he was corresponding with them in the hopes of working the case though he doubted they’d take it seriously until he appeared in person.
The cat in question, Jade, sniffed the edge of the Moses basket thoughtfully and jumped inside, Sherlock jerked and went to move her but the cat looked up at him in warning. She sniffed the baby and licked her hand. She sat at the edge and started kneading the blankets at the end. She took a moment and curled up, eyes still fixed on the consulting detective.
“What do we know about him?” Mycroft asked. He stripped himself of his suit jacket and placed it on the back of the chair to his brother’s immediate right.
“Ciao, Sherlock Holmes.” Jim turned away slowly. Sebastian nodded his head in farewell and followed his boss from the room, they stepped over the body on the floor and left.
The sound of a cab pulling up outside the flat caught his attention and he looked up from his book, his eyes flicking first to the monitor. Maeve had not moved since he left the room. Her hands were beside her head, fingers curled and her mouth parted as she snored softly. Then, he let his eyes wander around the flat as he closed his book. He uncrossed his legs and placed the book on the left, with his right hand he smooth his right trouser leg. There was an unmistakable spot of baby rice close to his crotch and his jacket, which was hung over the door handle, baby vomit drying across the front and right shoulder.
“But you’re always to blame,” Sherlock smiled for the first time since he came into the house. “Hasn’t been a big brother taught you anything?”
“Yes, to us all, and how is domestic life treating you, brother mine?” Mycroft changed the subject, this was not a matter he wished to dwell on.
“You’ll need to put Maeve on the examination table on top of the sheet and keep her still, you don’t have to hold her firmly, just keep her arms still for me,” the nurse instructed him.
“I managed to distract them long enough until she cried” Sherlock managed a weak smile as Maeve sucked on his pale neck, spittle dripping down his neck and pooling in the dip in the middle of his collar bone, the Suprasternal Notch. Siger handed him a muslin from the bag he carried in the room with him and the consulting detective dabbed at the wetness, continuing in a softer tone and talking directly to Maeve this time, “but Daddy made sure they couldn’t get to you.”
“She’s getting stronger.” John told him, lifting his head off the floor slightly to watch as she struggled to look over her shoulder, neck and back not yet strong enough to support her head. Maeve dropped her head down to John’s chest in defeat and whined in annoyance.
There was a tap on the door and Sherlock looked up. The door creaked open to reveal John. “Greg’s here.”
“Yes,” Mycroft rose to his feet and smoothed out the jumper he was wearing. He inhaled deeply a stepped into the hallway, sure to leave the door open after Sherlock stepped through after him. It wouldn’t do to leave Evelyn in a room alone while his parents scolded him in the hallway but he had a plan. Well, a sort of plan.
Mycroft inhaled deeply, “Is my presence imperative? Or could the situation be dealt with by another person?”
Sherlock nodded – a small thank you for his brother’s efforts that he would never say out loud – and watched Maeve’s blue eyes flick over him and Mycroft with curiosity.
“It was agreed early on that I wouldn’t take an active part in the child’s life but things have changed now. I will be taking sole charge of her.”
Sherlock stood up as he mother approached and handed Maeve to her. He managed a small comforting smile and announced, “I need to feed her soon, and she’s getting tired.”
Violet sipped at her tea. The ladies were seated for their monthly fund raising committee meeting round the oval table in the drawing room. It was set with a delicate white table cloth and the crockery with sky blue around the rim and delicate red roses.
John looked up at the consulting detective, blue grey eyes meeting Sherlock’s bright green as they watched the blonde and the tiny infant fondly. He knelt down, crouching over John’s legs and stroking a hand over his daughters back. She jerked at the touch and attempted to crane her neck round to look at the person responsible to little success.
The dark blonde craned his neck slightly to get a better view at the infant and smiled at the sight of her sleeping; mouth open and a line of dribble running down her chin but somehow managing to miss her father’s dark blue suit. “She’s the image of you.”
The old priest continued, “You have been invited here as family and friends as your prayers and spiritual support in the life of this child. It has been said that in a Christening, Heaven comes down and surrounds the child with God’s love for which the effect is lifelong. We join our thoughts and sincere goodwill, asking that Christ’s peace might embrace this family and are an arc of God’s light surround this child for all of her days.”
Sherlock appeared in the doorway wearing nothing but his beige dressing gown, skin clammy from the steam in the bathroom and face freshly shaven. His hair was pushed back and beginning to curl.
“Have you stopped being sentimental?” Sherlock asked, not bothering to look up from his phone at his brother and partner entered the room, baby Maeve still in the grey haired man arms.
Sherlock managed a small nod in their direction, stormy eyes flicking over his mother and father as her kept a tight hold of the baby in the sling attached to his chest. John took over with a wide friendly smile and asked. “I hope you don’t mind Sherlock invited me.”
Mycroft lent forward and glanced over at his brother and niece, the latter was holding onto John’s hand as though if she left go he would disappear and the former, his brother was completely focused on his daughter and attempting to mute the priest.
Siger looked up from his book and glanced at his son. The consulting detective was in the exact position that he’d settled in earlier; back on the pillows, reclined against the headboard with Maeve sprawled out against his chest. Her mouth was open and dribble had run in a thin stream down her chin and onto his pyjama top. Her eyebrows wrinkled at the sound but Sherlock’s hand kept stroking her hair softly and she seemed mollified, the wrinkles disappearing and replaced by a long drawn out sigh. Sherlock had his eyes closed but he was not asleep.
“She’s been fed and managed another hour or so of sleep.” Siger told him as he got to his feet. “That’s the happiest I’ve seen her all day.”
“Good.” He told John before hanging up and throwing his phone in the direction of the sofa. He looked again at the baby in his arms, now close to sleep.
“Ignore Daddy, you can laugh at him if you want.” John told her, lifting her up so that she was sat on one of his arms and the other was across her chest, keeping her in an upright position.
Sherlock endorsed John with a small frown and quick words, “John worked as a doctor in the army, and he was a captain before he was shot. We were introduced through a mutual friend, they’d trained together at St. Bart’s hospital, and it’s where we met.”
“What else would I use her for?” Sherlock asked mirthfully, lifting his daughter up slightly so that she could see both her Papa and her Uncle. She gurgled at the movement.
“Cause you haven’t already got your hands full.” She commented, placing her hands on her hips and looked pointedly at the baby he was cradling.
Greg continued his ministrations until she cheered up, or stopped making distressed sounds, and instead gurgled in displeasure at being abandoned by her father and left with him. The older man didn’t take it to heart, he knew that she only had eyes for her father and preferred his presence above all else. His eyes were scanning diligently over the officers roaming over the scene, paying particular attention to Anderson and the other forensics lot as they chatted just outside the door to the house, leaving Sherlock to take a look at the scene without interruption.
“Yes.” He said. He shifted her into one arm and ran his other hand over her head, the soft strands of her hair tickling his fingers. “Almost there.”
The nursery was perfect. The room was cream, the main wall painted deep purple. A black and silver tree was painted onto one of the light walls, with long leaves and butterflies, bees and fairies with flowers lower down. All the furniture was dark wood, almost black. A large cot with high sides and neutral bed clothes, pushed against the purple wall. Opposite there was a dresser unit with shelves, a changing station and on other wall a wardrobe and chest of drawers.
"Anyone would think you're in a hurry" Sherlock glared at him. John continued, thoughtfully "anyone would think that you had something better to do?"
Sherlock shrugged. “A girl should not be defined through a colour, especially one as frivolous as pink.”
John had crossed to the other side and glanced in, stepping back with a horrified look on his face. He admitted, throat dry, “she’s not here.”
Sherlock shook his head but didn’t falter in his movements, “Lestrade texted about a crime scene, John is already on route.”
Sherlock closed the door behind him and placed Maeve on the floor. She immediately looked around the room before attempting to shuffle on her bum. He kept an eye on her in his peripheral vision as he looked at his brother and placed his hands on his hips.
“Be my guest.” Mycroft gestured to the Moses basket. His icy eyes narrowed minutely, unnoticeable to the untrained eye and he threw off an air of indifference – something he’d perfected many years ago. Beneath the façade, he was a little off-kilter. His father had held babies throughout his life but it had been a while and nerves were tingling at the back of Mycroft’s neck.
“Well it looks like it’s just me and the little lady.” John sighed to himself and plopped into his chair.
Sherlock had Maeve cradled in one arm as he fed her. She drank enthusiastically from the bottle, blue eyes staring up at him and occasionally flicking to search for other familiar faces. The others were chatting about sports or school or something equally mundane.
He picked up and placed a generous slice of the salmon en croute and placed it on the plate beside asparagus and fondant potatoes.
When Sherlock woke up it was dark. He felt sluggish but well-rested, he rubbed his eyes and rolled onto his back. There was voices coming from the lounge but they were low, the door was closed then. He yawned and pushed himself into a sitting position. He swung his feet round and quickly pulled on a dressing gown over his pyjama, he first went to the bathroom then walked towards the living room.
The consulting detective frowned, the obviously was implied, and turned off the blow torch. He placed it on the counter and put the eyeball in the waiting kidney dish. He took of the gloves and placed them on the counter and finally removed his safety goggles. He raise an eyebrow in a ‘what are you waiting for’ manner.
Sherlock practically growled in response and looked down at the trail of baby sick on his shirt. He closed his eyes and sighed, throwing his head back dramatically. “It’s always me.”
And coming up in the next chapter, you probably guessed it.The boys and Maeve attend a charity gala/ball that Mummy is throwing and yes, they'll be some mighty fine outfits.
"Perfect, it's a little under the usual but she was a lot smaller than the other babies I've encountered."
John opened the front door and took them upstairs. He paused at the top at the sight of Sherlock stood at the window, back to them, no longer wearing his dressing gown. And Greg, sat on the sofa, hands clasped together on his knees, he looked up at them and managed a small smile.
Sherlock cradled the baby in the sling like he didn’t quite trust the fabric to hold her completely, he kept her steady in his large hands. “Two, Lestrade called. A five.”
The auburn haired man’s nose wrinkled in displeasure and he locked his phone, allowing it to drop from his hand to the sofa cushion, it bounced once. “Three meetings rescheduled.”
“It may not come as a surprise to you but there are people out there that would use whatever means necessary to get to me including a newborn daughter. Claire and I discussed it at length, it was safer for all involved if I took a less active role as a” Mycroft waved his hand dismissively as he explained. Ever the politician. “Distant uncle. That way I could still know the child without endangering her life.”
“It was adorable Sherly.” She insisted, continuing with the story. “You were always rushing off doing experiments and that obsession with bees.”
“They’ll find out at some point.” John reminded him. He didn’t seem angry or judgemental, just a warming presence.
“Well.” Mycroft said after a moment, rising to his feet. Maeve had quietened down. “I will leave you to it.”
“Just so” Sherlock scoffed, leaning forward on his chair and ignoring the pull of his stitches to smooth the soft hairs atop of his daughters head with the back of his hand. Her eyes flicked to him but she kept drinking.
“The wife admitted to killing him. She was the one that called actually, I can play you the recording if you want. But she’s not letting on about what happened. Just that she stabbed her husband to death. Apparently, he hit her around but there’s no evidence to suggest that that’s true.”
“Take her” Lestrade commanded, ushering Louise now handcuffed to the two uniformed officers as Sally came to settle beside him, eyes wide in shock as she looked down on the scene below her.
He found John in the living room, sat on his armchair with a cup of tea, half finished, on the table beside him and Maeve on his lap. The consulting detectives daughter was perched on his lap, sat up with her back against his chest in a sitting position, her neck craned backwards to look up at John. His hand on her chest to keep her upright and a soft toy dolphin in the other to entertain her.
“Don’t be.” Sherlock insisted. Maeve gurgled. “She is fed and changed, but needs new clothes. I will say farewell before I leave.”
Sherlock placed the fork on his plate and placed both his hands on his knee. He sighed, “Well, this is tedious.”
“A very tired girl.” Sherlock’s deep baritone rumbled as he strode into the room with far more grace than a man wearing silk pyjamas should have.
“And cause trouble” Sherlock added, finishing with a childish pout that made him look like a teenager.
John sniffed and looked at Sherlock. He was processing. His eyes closed. And Maeve, well Maeve was now babbling in a steady stream of ‘d’ sounding syllables, dribble running down her chin onto the mat beneath her. The cat, awake but blinking slowly, was paying her no attention except to swish her tail near Maeve’s face every other second. John could barely contain a smile at the sight.
“That’s a cute outfit.” He gestured to the outfit that Maeve was wearing, it was similar to the ones she’d been wearing all week but made of a white material with the face of a ghost on it and a tutu. She wore a purple hat on her head that matched the fake belt of her outfit and the stripy tights she wore.
“Is there something that you needed Detective Inspector?” Sherlock asked, sure to keep his voice low as not to disturb his daughter.
Sherlock chuckled. He had explained the concept of a mind or memory palace before but John had been the one to get through the older man, explaining the technique at the pub one night. He made sure to keep his tone soft as he admitted, “more than a single room.”
“Hush.” She told him, leaning over the side of the bed and running a hand over his curls. He instinctively lent into her hand like a cat seeking attention from its owner. “I’ll make you some tea, you going to come down?”
“I will return her to you,” Mycroft said with a small nod, grey eyes flicking over his brother. “Once you have calmed down.”
“Yeah, she has a thing about that.” John managed, eyes closed under the onslaught of small fists grasping at his face.
John rolled his eyes and pushed at Sherlock’s shoulder until he turned back in his seat, facing the empty seat that Mycroft would occupy. Though, at this moment the elder Holmes sibling was busying himself with pouring a brandy at the drinks table with their father, he looked up and asked, “Gregory?”
Sherlock frowned. His hand was rather wet from his daughter’s attention. Mycroft plucked a clean muslin from the cupboard and chucked it at John, the blonde caught it and held it out for the consulting detective.
“Oh, I’m quite positive that you are right.” Sherlock responded simply, smile still firmly in place as he watched his daughter.
He gently pried his finger from his daughter’s mouth and she whined, keeping a strong grasp on his hand with her tiny fists. Her blue eyes flicked up to him with an angry look. John gently plucked her hands from his and wiped the consulting detective’s saliva covered hand. When it was clean he released it and gently wiped the baby’s face of any remaining wetness.
He placed the muslin back in the bag and placed his free hand on her head, cradling her closer than he thought possible and resting his lips on the top of her head. “Come on darling.”
“You know that you’re very special to me.” Maeve blinked up at him and then looked back down at the bubbles in the water and kicked her legs. Sherlock couldn’t hold back a smile at the sight of her. “You mean everything to daddy and though he gets angry sometimes, it’s not you, it’s never you, it’s…other people, they interfere, but we don’t need them, we’ve never needed them.”
“Ahhh” John cooed, shifting closer to her. Her eyes flicked to him and he reached forward, smaller hands running over her shoulder and neck. “Someone is getting strong.”
He moved the pillows with his free arm into an arrow head position and placed her on the left side of the bed, he then stripped himself of his jacket and shirt, both of which were dry but covered in Maeve’s saliva, snot and tears. Then, he carefully placed himself beside her, on his side, eyes facing her.
Sherlock looked up at the doorway where a young woman was holding the door open, she had blonde hair and dark circles beneath her brown eyes. In her arms was a baby boy with fine blonde hair that looked almost non-existent and a large bag not unlike his own.
“Nope, there is absolutely no possibility.” Sherlock informed him. “Why else would he kill the victims despite the ransom being paid? He can’t control his impulses, he gets carried away. Their death is his…sexual gratification.”
The doctor raised an eyebrow. “He didn’t know because the mother didn’t tell him and instead of calling to inform him of Maeve’s existence, she left her on our doorstep forty-eight hours after she was born. You want to know what kind of
They were interrupted by a loud high pitched cry. The girls jolted shocked and Violet blinked a moment before rising to her feet. “Excuse me.”
Sherlock and Mycroft rose from their chairs simultaneously. Sherlock had Maeve attached to him in her papoose, facing his chest as she slept. The younger Holmes’ eyes inspected the woman, flicking over her person critically before settling again on her face with a cold expression. He didn’t say anything, instead he brushed by the woman in a detached manner, his body radiating the same abhorrence that he reserved for people he wanted nothing to do with. Mycroft had seen his brother in this manner before, often he was on the receiving end but it was more often or not reserved people of authority, that wanted to throw their weight around, that he had little respect for.
Mycroft strode into the room without as much as a look at his aunt and uncle. Instead, he sat on the sofa that his brother was in front of and handed his niece another piece of food. She looked at it and him with the curiosity that always seemed to tinge her expression and love, the love only an infant can understand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped away to look for John, content that Maeve was no longer crying. He dodged as much family members as possible, eyes sweeping over the ballroom. It was Victorian and painted almost completely in light shades with large mirrors to reflect the natural lights. His mother had used pale yellow flowers on the tables and for decoration with bees, it was marvelous. He spotted John at cake table, the cake was shaped into a bee hive with yellow icing and small bees buzzing around it.
“You better not be working late,” Sherlock said with a look much like a mother hen. It was amusing how the tables had turned since Maeve had come into their lives.
“Sir” Donovan called out, coming out of the house with Anderson by her side. She looked confused and slightly amused by the sight of her boss with a pram. “Did you happen to sprout a baby?”
Sherlock smirked – a proud smirk that suggested he was pleased with John and his attempts at deductions – and ran his free hand softly over Maeve’s head. He told him, “Greg took the case over the Friday, he didn’t want to disturb our weekend away, so it’s only a matter of time.”
John stopped in shock and turned back to face the detective with a wary look on his face. He smiled and nodded, going back to the task at hand and making the bottle.
Mycroft grunted in surprise and grabbed the car seat before he could drop it (not that Sherlock would let that happen) and watched his younger brother stride into the house.
“There is no way to commit yourself to something unknown,” Mycroft answered, voice lower than usual but returning to its usual coolness.
Sherlock paused and John looked up at him, lips threatening to tug into a smile. The consulting detective waited, Maeve gurgled, calling out to the occupants of the room, and his eyes fell shut in annoyance.
“I’ll take that as your agreement. If you break this agreement I reserve the right to wake you up at all hours.”
“Can we get this over with?” Sherlock asked, not really looking for an answer, he was looking for a way out.
“How about letters?” John asked, “Like you did when I was in Afghanistan, we can send you photos and you can send whatever gifts you’re dying to buy.”
Mycroft stepped out first. The sign to maternity pointed left, he strode in that direction as Anthea walked beside him, texting as she went. She stopped a few moments later and gently placed her hand on his arm, he stopped and turned, facing the doors. “We’re not allowed beyond here.”
Enjoy everyone! I will not be updating quite this regularly in the coming months but I will attempt to update as much as possible!
Sherlock nodded again, this time with his ‘stop being an idiot’ expression. John nodded and turned back to the road, “off we go.”
“She can barely keep her eyes open,” it was true, Maeve’s eyelids were dropping heavily and she released a long yawn.
Sherlock found Maeve in her bouncy chair, the cat was spread out on the floor beside her fast asleep and John on the sofa, reading. He looked up at Sherlock and smiled.
Sherlock didn’t lean forward for more and search for his lips, instead he looked down at Maeve and took the bottle from her mouth, giving her a break before offering it to her again. She turned her head away.
Mycroft eyes widened in shock and he unhooked his arm from Greg’s waist so that he could stand directly in front of his partner, grey eyes meeting brown. He took a moment before broaching the subject, “I thought that we’d already covered this topic.”
“You forgot your phone” the corners of his mouth tugged up, amused by the sight of the blonde and his army friends.
Sorry about the cliffhanger! I would have updated sooner but I really struggled with this chapter because I wanted it to be perfect. Hope you all enjoy as much as possible. The next chapter will be as soon as possible depending on my workload.
Jordon chose that moment to walk back in. He was wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt. “The cook said dinner’s ready.”
“Of course.” The blonde looked up from the task and nodded towards the screen. Sherlock followed his movement. “You took her in even though you didn’t have to, there were other options. You chose her and that’s fine, that more than fine actually.”
“Does Sherlock know about this?” He asked as John crouched down beside the child. Mycroft turned her onto her back to look up at the arches above her with toys hanging down, the army doctor handed her to dolphin which she accepted with a growl like sound shoving it into her mouth with no hesitation.
Harold seemed startled by the question but nodded. Sherlock rose to his feet, elegant despite the stones, and placed Maeve in his arms. He held her for a moment before bringing her close.
The sun was shining on Greater London and the door to 221B Baker Street was left open. Sherlock stepped out into the light; wearing black slacks and a white shirt, his suit jacket hooked over his left arm. The changing bag was on his right shoulder and he was carrying a white floral Cath Kidston bag. He trotted down the concrete steps with the finesse of a dancer and hopped onto the pavement. Mrs Hudson gave him a look between surprise and uncontrollable affection, she was stood beside the open door of the range rover keeping an eye on Maeve.
“Not really.” John admitted. “He just couldn’t turn off, couldn’t put her down or take his eyes off her. Pretty normal for the circumstances.”
John pulled the duvet back and Sherlock climbed in, pulling the duvet over his body and turning to face his partner. His eyes narrowed critically. “You’re upset with me.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock murmured, nuzzling his daughter’s cheek. She jerked at the wet hair that slid against her skin but allowed it, she even smiled, and gurgled in excitement.
Mycroft took pity on him and lent forward, retrieving a bottle of baby shampoo from the cupboard under the sink. He offered it to Sherlock. The younger Holmes shifted so that Maeve was between his legs, supported by his thighs and his hands free. He turned the water off and took the shampoo from his brother.
Greg opened his mouth to protest but Sherlock had already started striding away, he resigned himself to failure and sighed. John smiled weakly at his friend and fumbled to pick up the changing bag and carseat, he told him “I’ll get him to text you when he’s settled down.”
“Babies are so messy,” Anthea spoke up after a few long minutes of silence. She was sat on the opposite side of the desk with her arms on it, lent forwards with her eyes fixed firmly on the baby.
Mycroft clicked the top of his pen back in place and put it on the desk in line with another that was perfectly positioned to the side of his laptop and a notebook. He cupped his hands together on the cool glass desktop. He looked down at his own tie which was slightly off centre but he resisted correcting it in front of his brother, though the younger Holmes had already seen the thought flash through his mind.
“I’m hardly overexerting myself” Sherlock scoffed; he used the hand that was not currently supporting his daughter to caress the soft hairs atop of her head.
“Done, you can take the plates.” Sherlock instructed. He pushed the two plates towards his partner and lifted Maeve and the bouncy chair off of the counter. She looked around in confusion and Sherlock made a big ‘o’ shape with his mouth to grab her attention.
“Is this over yet?” Sherlock asked, looking down at the baby in his arms. She was bored, and staring up at him now with wide eyes.
Sherlock glanced at John. He was, in Sherlock’s opinion, the best-dressed man in the room. It was an excellent choice of suit. His tailor had done an excellent job in flattering the shorter man. It was a suit made from a red and black houndstooth fabric with a crisp white shirt, deep blue tie and a green pocket handkerchief that shouldn’t have offset the suit as much as it did but somehow worked. It also brought out the doctor’s eyes. The suit wasn’t something the ex-army doctor was accustomed to wearing but it made him look rather dashing. Sherlock had to admit it was a rather fetching choice.
The scenic route was a trip through the more popular areas in London, staring at the Christmas decorations through the blacked out windows. He made sure to point them out to Maeve and talk to her as they went until she yawned and he informed the driver to return home. She was still tired but mostly bored. He’d need to keep her up if he wanted her to sleep through the night.
He simply picked up Sherlock’s daughter and walked away with her. No bag, no blanket or carseat. He walked towards the camera, careful to keep his head down with the pretence of looking at Maeve, which he did, only to make sure that she wasn’t making any sounds.
Mycroft, with the assistance of Maeve, ended up in the centre of a rather large group of people, mostly women that were practically fighting for his attention. It was obvious that Maeve was the reason that they had migrated towards him but Mycroft being an eligible bachelor, to their knowledge, didn’t deter their attention in the slightest. It was, in Sherlock’s opinion, rather incredible how his brother was able to blend into the group without the slightest clue that he loathed the entire situation, like a chameleon changing his colour in order to stalk its prey. He was a master of disguise, not like the consulting detective himself, but rather the persona he displayed at all time, unable to shut it off.
“These conversations are awfully one-sided. When are you going to start talking?” He raised an eyebrow at her and dropped down into a crouch in front of the sofa. “Soon, I should hope. Though, you must wait until you’re with me and your first word must be ‘daddy’, agreed?”
Siger was stood at the side, monitoring his wife and the photographer. He turned at the sound of their approach and smiled, “she looks precious.”
Mycroft appeared in the doorway to the dining room with a small smile on his face. Maeve started kicking excitedly at the sight of him. The elder Holmes mouth tugged into a smile.
Hey guys, sorry that it's taken me so long to update. This chapter is long and there are so many characters in some scenes so yeah, it took me ages. Sorry again. I'll try to make my updates more regular.
“How did you know that she was going to do that?” The blonde asked, he moved onto his knees and then dropped onto his stomach beside Maeve.
Sherlock’s chest heaved with an impatient sigh. He shifted Maeve ignoring her grumbling as he cradled her in one long arm and took the offered bottle, immediately offering it to Maeve. She suckled from it immediately. John hooked the muslin over the consulting detective’s shoulder, spending a small moment watching her drink enthusiastically before looking up at Sherlock. His eyes were fixed to his daughter, watching her as though she was the most interesting thing that he had ever seen.
“It’s nice to see you again John.” Siger smiled at the ex-soldier approvingly. John returned the smile and picked up the menu that was lain out in front of him.
He perched himself on the edge of the bed and placed his finger in her hand. Her fingers tightened around the digit instinctively. He watched her: the small, uncoordinated movements of her arms and legs, the way she blinked without focus and her mouth opened to reveal her red gums.
“What?” Lestrade’s eyes widened and he had to take an actual step back which almost had him colliding with a passing student rushing to the library.
The blonde chuckled and pressed a kiss on the infant’s forehead. “He doesn’t mean that, daddy loves your kisses.”
John peaked in on the consulting detective half an hour later. The silence was unsettling. He opened the door with care and peaked in, not wanting to bother them and his heart warmed at the sight of them, like a flower blossoming in his chest. Sherlock was lain down with his back against pillows on the bed’s backboard, head lolled to the side slightly and breathing even, mouth parted. Maeve was on his chest, lain on her front with her head turned towards her father’s neck, snoring softly into his neck.
“Cheeky?” he repeated sounding surprised and disgusted. He looked down at Maeve, her eyes were shut but she was not yet asleep again, only attempting to sleep. “Do you think I’m cheeky?”
Sherlock frowned and paused in his ministrations, he dropped his hand from his daughter’s back and placed it instead on her backside, supporting her as she drooped against his front. “I was going to say,” he cleared his throat, “that I’m sorry.”
Sherlock ignored the comment and scooped up another spoonful for her, offering it to her lips, she opened her mouth wider and accepted the spoon, pulling the gloopy mixture into her mouth again.
Mycroft Holmes was not in the business of frequenting cafes without good reason, there was the one occasion with John Watson and the whole Irene Adler business, and a few occasions with Gregory, with their busy schedules it was the easiest way to ‘catch up’. However, if the occasion did call for it, he would usually have tea if they had an acceptable brand, but today he was drinking coffee, nothing fancy, a simple plain black coffee, no sugar, made with expensive strong beans.
The receptionist nodded but Mycroft was already gone, striding down the hallway. The lack of response did not escape his attention. “Anthea, what’s wrong?”
He walked over to the first car and opened the door, Sherlock immediately stepped out leading with one long leg and appraised the church with critical eyes before turning back to the car and accepting the carseat from his partner. He stepped away from the car to allow John access out and held the carseat in one hand, Maeve snoozing gently inside it but shielded from the sun with a blanket resting atop of it.
Sherlock ran a hand down Maeve’s back, touch ghosting over her body and the soft clothes that she wore, she squirmed against his chest. He looked down at her with a fond smile as she blinked up at him, still groggy from sleep.
I also want to thank DaringD for her thorough comments and caring email, they give me the confidence to continue writing.
Sherlock watched his daughter open her eyes cautiously, the bright lights in the café too much for her brand new eyes. She blinked a few times, rapidly and Sherlock reached into the pram. One large hand coming to rest under her head and the other on her back – picking up her tiny body with the right support. She continued blinking, electric blue eyes bright and trying to focus. Babies had very limited sight at this age and the closer the better. He held her up for a moment, allowing her to look at his face. She dragged her hand up, accidently hitting him on the nose. Sherlock huffed a laugh, there was no force behind it but he certainly was not expecting it.
Mycroft was stunned, he didn’t show it. He kept up his mask of indifference, indifference and power. “My apologies.”
There was a small burst of laughter at that and amused glances. Mycroft seemed particularly amused by the story as he raised an eyebrow and took a sip of his champagne.
Violet smiled, not entirely convinced, and stroke the cat with her free hand while holding Maeve with the other. Jade began purring loudly. She meowed to get more attention and Violet bent her knees slightly so that the cat could see Maeve. She immediately rubbed her body against the infant.
“And that is nothing to be ashamed of.” John added with a fond smile, he reached over and ran his hand down Maeve’s small back, settling on the consulting detectives hand for a moment. He drew his hand back and picked up his tea.
“Of course he told us,” Violet announced as she walked into the room with John, a smile peeking from her lips. John was doing little to contain his enjoyment of the situation.
Sherlock shook his head and scanned over the small crowd in front of the house. He gestured with a wave of his hand at a young officer with neat blonde hair. He looked up and stepped closer to the car, “can I help you Mr Holmes?”
Sherlock nodded and angled his head to face Victor once more. “Then, it appears we’d be delighted to join you for dinner.”
Maeve gurgled and looked up at him. She moved her mouth as though she were trying to talk and flashed him a gummy smile. There were no teeth yet but they would come soon, Sherlock was certain.
He showed them to a table further in the restaurant, closer to the back, a square booth with an open side, the tables moved away to allow room for the pram. John slid in, his mother and father after. And Sherlock took the end of the booth, beside John, opposite Harold. The pram close to the table and facing him so that he could watch her.
Mrs Hudson was gone, back downstairs. She had sat while Sherlock explained, drinking tea and feeding Maeve left shortly after Mycroft’s arrival. Sherlock was back on the sofa, just sitting, still holding Maeve in the same fashion as John had found them in previously.
“Understatement of the century.” Sherlock muttered to himself, rolling his eyes and leaning forward.
“I…well, yes I was aware but it’s just hard to imagine.” Dimmock ran a hand through his hair, eyes fixed on the baby attached to Sherlock.
“They would be thrilled, a grandchild at last.” Mycroft told them, glancing at John, the only one who hadn’t yet met his parents. “Of course, they wouldn’t let her end up in care, we Holmeses stick together, they would be quite content raising her. Thrilled really.”
“Whatever cost it takes.” Sherlock told him. He kept his voice even and it was scary, far worse than if he had chosen to shout.
“You have Molly and everyone at Scotland Yard. Then, there’s our family, but it’s probably best to keep you way from them for now.” He admitted with a sad kind of smile. “They can be a bit…”
The gardens were well-maintained: long expanses of freshly cut grass and vivid flowers arranged neatly in the border, tall trees and clean pathway that wove through the gardens. In the centre, as she walked from the house there was a large ornate fountain that hadn’t been switched on in years. They walked in unison, Sherlock taking slightly smaller strides so that John didn’t struggle to keep up, and at a leisurely pace. His left hand was placed on John’s lower back, clasping at the shirt beneath his fingers and leading the blonde through the garden. He had Maeve strapped into her papoose, body facing his and other hand cradling her head protectively as she slept.
Violet nodded and stepped back into the longue. She crouched and put strapped Maeve into her bouncy chair while the infant squirmed and struggled. She growled in warning and Violet rolled her eyes. “You are just like your father, you like to get your own way.”
Sherlock hummed and shifted Maeve slightly so that he could place her inside the buggy, she whined in discomfort as he strapped her into the carseat and pulled back. John placed a blanket on her, tucking it against her tightly like a cocoon as she settled back into sleep.
Mycroft picked his daughter up with great care, his hand supporting her delicate head. It struck him how small her skull was. His hand was bigger than her skull, it seemed impossible that something this delicate could belong to him. She was reliant on him totally. It was his job to take care of her, protect her and teach her. The responsibility of having a child had been something weighing on his mind for the past nine months but now, it was beginning to settle heavily in the put of his stomach. He was a father and this, this beautiful, fragile baby was his for the rest of her life. He shifted her into position against his chest, her head turned towards his head. She was already beginning to fall asleep again.
Sherlock lowered himself onto the sofa with great care, his hold on Maeve firm. She squirmed in his grasp but remained asleep, nose scrunching up in the adorable fashion that Sherlock was so fond of.
“Is that all?” Mycroft asked, he had a meeting fast approaching. The baby was fine, that was all that mattered.
And btw, I post so much about this fic on my twitter account so follow me please. The name is @tiffanilocked
“That obvious?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow at the blonde woman as he ducked through the doorway and she followed.
A knock on the door disturbed Mycroft, he didn’t bother looking up from the papers he was reading and called. “Come in.”
Sherlock was taken back. “Precisely. I give them burner phones and they contact me or I find them in their usual haunts, it’s very discreet.”
Mycroft straightened up and glanced over his shoulder at his brother. The consulting detective was sat across the armchair, his legs thrown over the side as he read through a parenting book. It was something their mother had picked up earlier that day and though written by an idiot, there were was merit to the information is provided.
The cab pulled up at Baker Street and Sherlock handed the driver a wad of notes. He unbuckled the car seat and lifted it out of the cab as the driver took the pram from the boot and put it up with little difficulty.
“Oh well, no use crying” Louise announced, her eyes glittering dangerously “now, let’s see to your little girl.”
Sherlock flashed him a smile in the glass and took the seat opposite him. It was strategic placing, Mycroft in front of the window with his eyes on the entire restaurant while his back was to them. “Well, you seem lonely, brother mine.”
Behold, this is a lengthy update and I apologize because a lot of it is the christening, and may be fairly boring (which is why this has taken so long). I am not religious and know practically nothing about christenings, bar the few I've attended so i apologize if the services is not entirely correct but I had to make do with resources.
There was a soft knock on the door, it creeped open and Sarah poked her head inside the office. “There’s someone here for you.”
“You, a self-proclaimed ‘high functioning sociopath’ couldn’t leave a baby on a doorstep, couldn’t let your brother or parents take her,” he kept his voice low, eyes flicking to the Moses basket. “You took her in, yes you were scared, we both were but you took her in, you gave her a chance, you’re giving her everything.”
“You must be Mr. Holmes.” A nurse smiled as she entered the room and shut the door softly, effectively cutting off the racket of waiting room. The nurse was a thin woman with fake blonde hair tied into a neat pony tail at the back of her head, blue eyes and a smile fixed on her face.
“God, she is the image of Sherlock.” Arabella exclaimed. She was trying to help the situation, keep away the questions but Violet knew that they needed answered, and they deserved them.
The moment Sherlock woke up he was instantly aware that he was alone, not only was John missing from beside him but Maeve was no longer in the room either. It was early, John should still be passed out, completely wiped out from his ‘night out’ with his army friends or severely hungover, at least. He pushed the covers back and swung his legs round, feet touching the cold floor with a gentle pat. He ached, his body and the wound on his torso sore but not hurting, he pushed the sensation aside; he’d had worse.
Maeve looked up from her food, her eyes locked onto his as her hands scrambled for purchase on the soft vegetables. Sherlock sighed, her hands were covered with mushed up vegetables as was her mouth and cheeks. He was only glad that the bib she was wearing covered her front and arms or she’d need to change outfits again. His nose wrinkled just thinking about the excrement-covered clothes that were soaking in the sink, one of the more glamorous of his dad duties. He was pulled from his thoughts with the arrival of Lestrade on the landing, Sherlock rose to his feet and faced the open door.
“We could keep her,” Greg suggested. He was staring down at the infant in his arms as she stared back up at him, blue eyes wide and curious.
“Just a few more,” Kelly told him with a warm smile, he wasn’t surprised that his mother had decided to use the same photographer but had no expected to see her there, she wasn’t exactly to the standard that his family preferred. She obviously took good photographs. She wore a frosty grey dress with a wrap top and small sleeves that only covered her shoulders and a skirt that swished around her knees. Her bright red hair was twisted into an elegant up-do at the back of her head, the fringe pulled away from her face. She wore a lipstick to match her hair and heels the same shade.
“He’s alright,” Siger assured him placing an arm around the younger man. “He just wants to get her calm.”
Sherlock released the breath he hadn't known that he'd been holding, if John had heard he didn't let on. The ex-army doctor picked her up and placed her back on the examination table, he unbuttoned her baby grow and ran his hands over her pale flesh. "Skin looks good, no signs of bruising or underlying skin conditions, she's still retaining her pink colouring which is good, means the bloods pumping correctly."
“Mycroft is seven years my senior.” Sherlock responded in a cool tone. “He resides in Belgravia with his partner, a detective inspector for Scotland Yard and works in the government, behind the scenes.”
Sherlock hopped off the table, retrieving his shirt and put it on. He began on the buttons as John weighed her, being sure to try and keep her occupied as he did so. Sherlock stepped over to join him the moment he was finishing on the last button, John announced "8lbs 7oz"
“First thing, I’ve been assured. Everything you could need to take care of a baby, possibly an army of them, Anthea is very thorough.” He looked down at his daughter and used his free hand to pick up hers, relishing in the feeling of her tiny fingers tightening around the pad of his finger.
Sherlock was already under her spell and John, well John was long gone as well. He had a sneaky suspicion Mycroft was already taken with the baby, the way he’d gone on about her after going home last night and his morning visit to Baker Street.
Sherlock retook his seat. He crossed his legs and took a deep settling breath, is hand tapping metrically on the table. John stood beside Sherlock’s chair. Mycroft unbuttoned and rolled his sleeves to his elbows, he sat down. Greg stepped forward and stood behind his partner.
“Unfortunately no, I have a meeting to attend. I can only stay for another forty-six minutes.” The auburn haired man smiled politely at the older man.
“Yes, but what she wants is-” John was interrupted by Maeve’s scream and breaking into tears. Victor winced. John sighed. “Sherlock.”
Another man followed him. A tall man with neat dark blonde hair and a strong stubbly jawline. He was dressed in the opposite of Jim; a pair of dark jeans, black jumper and leather jacket. He sauntered into the room with an unmistakable swagger, his heavy military boots echoing with each step. There was a hunting knife tucked into the front of his jeans and a gun in the back. He rolled his eyes at his boss but kept his eyes low, stepping over the injured man and stopped beside his boss, a step behind him.
“Who’s this young lady then?” Arabella asked craning her neck slightly as Violet retook her seat, continuing with her movements to sooth the infant.
“We went swimming” He changed the subject and was met with blank faces, “you wanted to know where we went, I took Maeve swimming, I would have done so earlier but I wasn’t allowed to get my stitches wet.”
The door opened and closed, a paused and then practised steps on the stairs. Mycroft then, the faint tap of his umbrella against wood was a dead giveaway and Sherlock could hear his brother approaching from 100 metres, his steps were heavy but practised and quiet. The elder Holmes stopped in the doorway, today he was dressed in a simple grey suit with a pale blue shirt and darker shade tie. He stepped into the room, eyes flicking over the messy room before settling on his brother and niece.
“She should be waking any moment but woke early from her last sleep, she’ll soon wake up when it’s time for her bottle.” Sherlock told him, rising to the challenge while emphasising that she was not exactly accommodating.
“Yeah, it’s common in babies.” Greg said. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He went on, gesturing to his three children. “I’m not completely useless you know, and I do have kids.”
There was a moment when Sherlock decided to test the window again, rattling it in its frame. He took his foot off of the changing station and attempted to put it on the window ledge, using the top of the window as a grip. He slipped and miraculously missed the changing station, landing on the floor with a dull hard thud.
“You need to eat your vegetables, they’re good for you. Afterwards, you can have some milk.” Maeve babbled enthusiastically. “Yes, now let your uncle feed you. Then you can have a nice long sleep and some more calpol, deal?”
“She alternates, mostly she stays in our bedroom but occasionally we move her to the nursery, she prefers to be close to us.” Sherlock answered, his cheeks heating up.
Sherlock shrugged. “No doubt we will be staying in, in a bid to avoid the bustle of London and this heat.”
Mycroft was left alone. He sighed, the sound was loud in the almost silent room. The only other sound was the soft breathing from the cot. He swallowed around the lump in his throat and took a step closer to the cot. Inside lay his daughter.
Maeve had sensed that she was losing the battle and started hitting her fists against Sherlock’s legs, before becoming engrossed in the wet fabric and grasping it tightly.
“We’ll manage” John corrected, reaching for the baby bag one of the nurses had prepared for them while Sherlock fastened his coat, one handed. Sherlock’s eyes darted to John for a moment, softening before continuing his task.
“I can have a car take you to the office,” Mycroft offered, he looked up from his newspaper and smiled at his partner, announcing “Anthea will be here any moment.”
“It has begun,” Sherlock muttered to himself, steepling his fingers and moving them to rest beneath his chin as he listened the footsteps of his mother and father.
The occupants of the church repeated the sentiment of “Amen” while Sherlock remained quiet, as did Mycroft.
“Have a nice lunch?” the blonde asked. The cat beside him meowed loudly in a bid to gain his attention and he offered her his hand. She rubbed against it. “Sherlock’s not home yet.”
The pictures were of him holding her in that seated position, dress tumbling down elegantly and him mainly looking down at her instead of towards the camera. He sighed, “I assume you’re following us to the reception.”
Murray immediately handed him a pint, grinning like a mad man and then ushered him towards a large booth; placing John on the edge with a spare seat beside him while the others were occupied. The table was crowded full of faces from his army days: Murray, Brian, Lewis, Thompson, William and John. All older than the last time they’d met in this fashion.
Sherlock opened his eyes, he was flat on his back with his head angled towards John’s side of the bed which was now occupied with Maeve, sleeping soundly in the maternity pillow that was positioned into an arrow head position to support her tiny body. She was freshly changed, fed and asleep by the look of it. John had left fifteen minutes prior and somehow managed to be quiet enough not to wake him, he must have been in a deep sleep, something he was lacking in since the arrival of Maeve, not that he was complaining his body could cope on low levels of sleep.
“She wants a few of the boys and the baby, then some in the other rooms, single shots but the main focus is Maeve and Sherlock.”
Mycroft watched his parents and quickly deduced. “You accused him of relapsing.” Violet managed a solemn nod and Mycroft inhaled sharply.
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow and set about unstrapping his daughter in a slow but efficient manner, lifting her arms with great care and threading them through the strap until she was free. She sighed in satisfaction and relaxed further into the seat.
Mrs Hudson bustled around the flat, tidying and cleaning as she went, while Mycroft sorted out the baby supplies littering the living room. He placed all the toys in boxes in the corner. Maeve was sat on the sofa, propped up by pillows in a sitting position with a large rubber ring in her mouth, chewing it enthusiastically.
Siger looked at the ground and then back up at his son. “I was wondering if you’d looked around the grounds yet, it’s really quite beautiful, Maeve would love it.”
“I’m sorry sweetheart” he whispered to his daughter as her hand ran over his chest and she pressed a kiss to his neck, less of a kiss and more of a taste of his skin.
“No, it’s not a bad thing.” John clarified, resting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder for a moment. “It’s nice, I know you’re human I’m just not used to seeing it quite this often.”
John placed his cup on the table and lent back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest. “He needs help.”
Maeve was awake and kicking in her pram. Sherlock was cautiously glancing between her and the path ahead as he pushed the pram. The brothers strolled side by side, the consulting detective’s grip tight on the handle as Mycroft flicked his umbrella with finesse with each step. The park was bustling with life which was not unlike the mid-afternoon in London.
“It’s photographs, there is no need to be quite so dramatic.” The elder Holmes scolded, straightening his tie in the floor length mirror.
I'm so sorry that this took so long, basically I'm trash and don't deserve all you lovely readers. No, I started university again which has been pretty intense and well, I've been ill, like seriously ill, I caught meningitis. So, yeah, I've been recovering and just so drained physically, emotionally and creatively, this chapter is utter crap and I'm so sorry about that, I will be better, I promise. I can't apologize enough, I feel awful about this - the quality of the chapter and making you all wait so long. I'm sorry, so sorry.
Sherlock looked up from where he was sat on the sofa, he was sat with one leg crossed elegantly over the other and a freshly cleaned Maeve on his lap wearing a dressing gown; one that John had gotten her, it was light pink with eyes and a fin to look like a shark. Sherlock had protested against it but she looked adorable wearing it. The consulting detective’s eyes flicked to him but his attention remained on Maeve, holding the bottle in his hand firmly as she suckled from it enthusiastically.
Sherlock ordered and waited, though he didn’t have to wait long, his meal was the first prepared and put into the plastic bag. Harry threw in some drinks and extra items. Sherlock said a quick and polite farewell before ducking out of the shop and walking back home.
Sherlock positioned Maeve to sit on his legs, with his hand beneath her chin supporting her sleepy head as he rubbed her back through the baby grow. Her eyes drooped lazily as though being awake was far too much effort but she continued to blink, as though the movement pained her. After a few moments, Sherlock pulled Maeve back to sit against his chest so that she was supported and her head was just poking above the table. Sherlock picked up one of the crisps on his plate and popped it into his mouth.
John closed his eyes and took a deep calming breath. When he opened his eyes again he was calmer but there was something dangerous lingering behind. His voice was steady. “I haven’t told them yet because they…fuss.”
“Awake my little terror?” He asked her. She didn’t respond, she didn’t yet have the capability instead she lifted her head up to look at his face. She dropped it back down after a moment and grasped at his silk shirt, fist balling in the soft material.
Sherlock glanced at John for clarification, the blonde explained knowing Sherlock wouldn’t ask because of his pride. “The baby is in a kneeling position, both or one of her legs extended at the hips and flexed at the knees; it’s pretty rare.”
“You should eat some lunch. The restaurant is rather good, your mother and I had ours there yesterday, they do an excellent range of hot and cold meals. I could watch Maeve if you wanted to go and get something.”
“Where is she?” Sherlock looked away, eyes rushing over the street which was for all intents and purposes empty, save a handful of people.
John left the room. Sherlock was reeling, did John just invite him into bed? The consulting detective manoeuvred himself into the correct position. He fought his way under the blanket while keeping Maeve close to him. John returned with the long maternity pillow Sherlock used when Maeve slept in his bed, the bottle, muslin a smaller blanket for her.
Sherlock nodded. He was wrapped up against the brisk night air, dark coat pulled tightly around him and scarf tucked in around his neck. He stood with his leather covered hands on the handlebar of the pram. His dark curls were blowing in the wind. Mycroft was stood beside the pram and his brother, wearing a long coat over his three piece suit. Both sets of eyes flicked to him.
“Harry,” Silvia rushed up and hugged her daughter. Harold embraced her after, the moment his wife let her go and then they stood back at arm’s length.
In other news: I have another fic on the horizon. I'm not going to start it until this fic is finished but I'm very excited about it. I don't want to give too much away but it's going to be completely different to this fic (no parentlock) and I can't wait to share it with you.
Mycroft was with Maeve, they’d gone for a walk. It was quite a sight, his older brother with a dark purple pram. John was reading a medical journal in the lounge and Sherlock was tidying, tidying. He didn’t tidy.
Sherlock looked up at John’s retreating form in surprise. The doctor seemed unaware of the slip but Sherlock had caught it, of course he had, Papa John, interesting. John had specifically referred to himself as that, it wasn’t something that they’d talked about…Sherlock needed more information.
“The more the merrier,” John said as the man at the front of the queue took the pram away and her settled Maeve into a more comfortable position against his chest with one arm, the other securing the bag on his other shoulder.
Greg nodded and stood up, he picked up the jacket from the coat rack he had in the corner of the office. He hooked the coat over his arm and followed Sally into the communal offices of New Scotland Yard. Mycroft was stood with Anthea. He was waiting, stood with his back impossibly straight and a blanket draped over his shoulder with tiny soft white shoes hanging out. He smirked at the sight of Mycroft with Maeve sleeping on his shoulder talking to Anthea in hushed tones as she typed on her blackberry.
“I need to feed Maeve” He informed them. As if on cue Greg pulled a bottle and warmer from the bag while Sherlock went about unhooking the sling from his shoulders and cradling his daughter as she began screwing up her face in annoyance. He hushed her gently, voice soft and a small smile betraying him to the two yarders. “Oh, sweetheart, it’s time for something to eat.”
Greg nodded and gestured to him to follow. Sherlock paused and plucked his daughter from John’s arms, she was fed and burped and followed the DI down the hallway, John following behind with Donovan. The grey haired man knocked softly on the half-open door to alert them to their presence, then stepped in with a small smile in greeting at the man and women sat against the furthest wall. They were well off, that much as obvious from their appearance (not to mention to victims MO) and sat, their hands resting atop of each other on the wife’s knee.
“According to the books, you should be smiling in response to other people’s smiles by now,” the auburn haired man told her with a slightly raised eyebrow and smirk playing at the ends of his lips.
"Hilarious John" Sherlock announced though his tone suggested it was nothing of the sort. "She's four weeks old, she has gas."
Sherlock pushed the pram inside the room and turned to watch John close the door. “Yeah right, bored?”
“You ok?” John asked. Sherlock nodded. He leaned over and placed a kiss on the consulting detective’s cheek. “Good.”
“Mycroft insisted,” Sherlock sniffed. He had insisted too but Mycroft had taken the liberty of taking John there one evening after work and having the tailor design something for the doctor, well he’s practically kidnapped him but at least he wouldn’t be wearing the awful suit hanging in his wardrobe.
“She would have come over sooner if it were pure concern.” Sherlock said quickly. “She came over because somebody complained.”
“Oh yes, by breaking in my house with the intention of killing me she provided all the proof needed.”
Mycroft answered with a simple nod and followed his brother, eyes flicking over the haggard blonde and reading everything of interest. It may come in handy later.
Sherlock emerged from his bedroom with Maeve cradled in his arms, she was dressed in a simple white outfit that barely reached her thighs with a bonnet and matching pants, the dress would come later after the car journey out of the city. “Shall we?”
“Are you going to watch and criticise me for the next eighteen years?” Mycroft looked up at his younger brother, raising one eyebrow and then back down at his daughter, offering her the teat of the bottle. Her mouth parted around it and she started drinking the formula.
“Nothing,” Sherlock dismissed, his face settling on a small but visible smile as he kept his eyes on his daughter.
“She’s developing a habit of crying whenever she wants something.” John sighed and scratched his chin.
Sherlock choked a laugh into the pillow and turned his face to look at the back of Mycroft’s head, the slightly thinning auburn hair neatly combed and pale scalp. “You make it sound like I specifically made her that way.”
Mrs Hudson was visiting her sister and John on a date with the woman with bottle blonde hair that he met a Scotland Yard the day before. The consulting detective sighed, rising to his feet in a matter of seconds, stepping over the table and rushing down the stairs – his red dressing gown billowing behind him dramatically.
“You asked how I would feel if Mycroft did that to me, I wouldn’t be mad. I’d be honoured to have Maeve with us at a proposal no matter if it were you or me on one knee. We are a family.”
“Like there was any doubt.” Sherlock perched himself on his chair and looked up at the shorter man and their daughter. “It may become a regular class for us.”
“I’ve had some lunch prepared.” Mycroft informed him. He looked up from his niece to his younger brother.
“Yes, she’s new,” John nodded and peered into the pram at the almost sleeping Maeve. He smiled at her, crouching, and ran his hand over her head. “She never gave me a chance to tell her, too busy prattling on about herself.”
“Sherlock has custody” Mycroft answered, fishing his phone from his pocket and producing a picture that John had sent him. It was a rather fetching one of Sherlock and Maeve during ‘tummy time’, the infant on his chest and holding her head up at that moment. He passed the phone to his parents, they were too shocked to talk and drank the picture in with overwhelming curiosity.
Sherlock stepped further into the room, dodging the mess on the floor and coming to stand as close to the victim as possible without treading in her blood.
“John.” Angelo greeted the army-doctor with a warm smile as he held the door open, his eyes widened the moment he saw Sherlock step in backwards and pull a buggy in. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock hummed. “Broken ribs, suspected punctured lung, superficial damage to his face and four broken fingers, a sprained wrist and dislocated ankle.”
The waitress announced her return with a soft cough. Mycroft looked up at her, she smiled and placed the drinks on the table. “Is this your daughter?”
“You need to shower. I will feed Maeve and then we will clean the flat, you will sleep.” He listed off. “I will not leave until you ask me to.”
Her cheeks were still red, now with warmth and not cold. Her breathing was even and her hands were curled into fists on her stomach. Black hair peeked out from beneath her hood with the smallest of curls threatening to appear at the ends. It was uncanny, the similarities between her and Sherlock. Now that her eyes had settled, there was no mistaking that she was his daughter.
“Just like her father” John returned, raising an eyebrow at the dark haired man and lifting Maeve up, away from his body, supported in both of his strong hands.
Sherlock jerked as though he had been hit and rose to his feet, “She comes first, she is everything. Do you understand? I’d never…”
“You have the police reports,” Mycroft raised an eyebrow in gesture to the sheets of paper inside the file.
"I don't want children, yet." Molly informed him, voice seeming quiet and unconvincing in comparison to his.
.” The blogger announced, having had enough of Sherlock’s over the phone explanation. He’d get more answers at the flat.
A group of girls, dressed for the town, passed him and their mouths dropped at the sight of the man and baby. A chorus of ‘awws’ broke out and they watched him pass.
“Mycroft’s been over?” His mother asked as she crouched down on the floor to get a better look at her granddaughter.
Greg nodded in understanding. He knew that Sherlock wasn’t exactly the easiest man to understand. “How is he coping?”
Mycroft didn’t read much into it, was nothing more than the look of a concerned parent. He calmly explained, “She decided that eating was not on the agenda tonight. As I mentioned, she was rather excitable. She was giddy throughout dinner, laughing and completely unfocused on the task at hand. When she decided to eat her baby rice, she favoured spitting it out and throwing it at me. She wasn’t dull so I have her the bottle, as instructed, and she drank it too fast and made herself sick. She is absolutely fine.”
A stocky man, much like John himself, with short light grey hair and blue eyes came out of the house first and hurried down the small pathway to the pavement. His skin was tanned and wrinkled, and he wore a pair of navy trousers and light blue shirt with short sleeves. And a woman followed, slightly shorter than her husband, it didn’t take a genius to figure out where John got his…stature from. She wore a floral dress with a cardigan, a simple gold cross and her wedding band. Her hair was a mixture of light brown and grey, tied into a scraggily pony tail at the back of her head.
Carol looked as though she had been slapped, she shot to her feet. “You could have brought her in, it’s no trouble.”
“The gloating,” Mycroft answered sounding bored. Though Sherlock knew better, Mycroft was annoyed not bored and wanted to get it over with, how dull.
“She’s too persistent. I sometimes work from home, it’s where I think best, paint.” Victor admitted.
The walk to the chip shop was short and well, both calming and nerve wracking, being the first time he’d left the flat since she was taken from him. But she was back now and safe. There were a handful of people ordering and waiting for food, a few people looked up as he entered but the rest were too absorbed in their phones or the small TV in the corner. The owner, a portly man with a big smile and greying dark hair looked up at him and his expression turned into a grin.
“Good.” Mycroft concluded and threw the memory stick at his younger brother. Sherlock reached out without looking and caught it, hand tightening around it for a millisecond before slipping it into the inside pocket of his jacket.
John strolled into the bedroom exactly fifteen seconds after Sherlock had placed the presents beneath the loose floorboard beneath the bed. He somehow managed to stand up and jump over the bed so that he was on it beside his daughter. It was inconspicuous or it was supposed to be.
“She’s going to be fussy now, isn’t she?” John asked as he came in, closing the door softly after himself.
Sherlock moved Maeve, lifting her up and placing her on his thigh. He lent forward slightly and contorted his arms to support her body, making sure that her head was supported along with the rest of her body. A few more pictures and he shifted her again, bringing his other leg up and laying her down on them, she gazed up at him. Kelly got a couple more of the two of them before standing up and taking a few of Maeve on her own, the only link to Sherlock was his legs beneath her and the thumb clasped tightly in her hand.
John closed the bathroom door behind him and smiled at the sight of Sherlock stood in the doorway with Maeve in his arms, wrapped in a blanket, he was telling her about a case, an old one, something about a green ladder. His deep baritone low and rumbling in the quiet night air.
“Guess.” Sherlock repeated. He kept his face angled towards Maeve but flicked his eyes up to look at his older brother critically for a moment before moving back to his daughter.
“Are you suggesting murder?” Sherlock dropped his hand far enough to look at his elder brother. There was hope sparkling in his eyes.
A soft tap on the door followed by the door opening a crack disturbed the silence. Maeve paid it no attention. John looked up and a voice said, “I’ve put the bottle on the side.”
“You’re not going to leave.” Sherlock said. It wasn’t a question or a statement. It came across as a plea.
“I always knew I wanted children, and John, he was much the same. You however, do not seem the type.”
Sherlock placed an omelette on the coffee table in front of his brother. Mycroft looked up from his sleeping daughter and frowned. She was beginning to get restless, hungry. Sherlock pulled a bottle out of his pocket and presented it to his brother as though it were a bottle of Don Perignon 2006. Mycroft bit back a snarky remark and merely rolled his eyes at his brother. He shifted in his seat and with his free hand, took the bottle from Sherlock.
The offending outfit was a simple pale orange baby grow with a cartoon pumpkin on it, the skirt if you could call it that, was a darker orange tutu. It even had matching socks.
“I never expected to see you with a kid,” Victor admitted, eyes flicking back to the consulting detective.
He stepped in, one long elegant stride with the carseat held high in front of his torso and John a couple of steps behind him, legs and strides shorter than the taller man, carrying the baby bag on his shoulder. He smiled at Violet and placed the bag on the ground while he took off his coat, and Sherlock went straight into the house not bothering to take off his own coat.
New Scotland Yard was bustling with life. There were officers running around and phones ringing, the conference room provided quiet like being underwater; the outside world was still there but low and garbled. Sherlock was sat at the head of the table; back straight and attention on the clock. He followed each tick of the second hand.
“Leave him alone,” Violet said as she settled in her own seat. She turned to Sherlock. “He always had a sweet tooth as a child.”
“Hardly,” Sherlock agreed. He looked at the floor for a moment before looking back up and meeting the detective inspector’s eyes. “When was the last time you saw my brother.”
“He’s good, he had a case earlier in the week but the whole thing was…below a four, I think is the words he used.” John smiled.
“You wouldn’t get far” Sherlock warned, blinking past the pain and watching her intently as Maeve continued to wail in the bedroom. “John is ex-military and my brother runs the government, you’d disappear long before going to prison.”
Mycroft acknowledged him with a smile but turned towards the pair behind him. “You’ve yet to meet, John these are my parents, Siger and Violet Holmes; mummy, father, this is Doctor John Watson, formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and his head snapped up, he turned to John and placed a chaste but firm kiss to his lips, pulling back he announced, “You are perfect John.”
Maeve blinked but remained quiet as he placed her on the plastic changing table and went about getting ready, keeping his watchful eyes on her at all times. He shimmied out of his suit, folding it carefully and placing it into the bag, he changed in a simple pair of black trunks and then got his daughter ready. She squirmed but eventually let him get her dressed with little trouble, replacing her soft tracksuit with a black and yellow striped swimming costume that closely resembled a bee.
“Cute baby,” a young officer declared as he walked by, pausing and bending down to be on level with the wide eyed child. His eyes flicked up to the D.I and he asked, “Is she yours?”
“He has used that adjective to describe me on various occasions.” The consulting detective admitted.
He shifted Maeve to rest against his chest, her head on his shoulder and mouth parted as her breathing evened out, sleep taking over her small tired form. John had the bag hooked over his shoulder. He smiled and they walked back to the cottage together, their sides pressed together.
“Not the way I was raised. I wanted to be a doctor, I worked for it, three jobs to get me through school and the army to pay for my medical degree.”
The ringtone was loud in the quiet flat and Maeve jerked in surprise, almost asleep. She immediately began crying. John cursed and shifted her around so that she was facing him, her head on his shoulder, pressed against his neck and body against his chest. “Shhh, it’s alright darling.” He attempted to hush her.
you have to yourself, well, you won’t, but the moment you make a threat against me or Maeve, to take her away, or whatever it is you want to do to destroy your own future happiness, I will make sure that you never see or hear anything of us again. Don’t say anything, just walk away.”
Sherlock hummed. Maeve gurgled around his finger. He pulled his finger out of her mouth and plucked the pink teething ring out from the ice, wiping one end on his shirt, before offering it to her. She eyed it suspiciously. Sherlock sighed and placed it to her lips, she opened her mouth slightly.
Sherlock didn’t answer. Instead he picked up a small romper with grey hearts on and handed it to his mother. Violet didn’t bother suppressing her smirk. Sherlock rolled his eyes and told her, “Shut up.”
“Here, yes, you can have your daddy.” John told her, sounding rather put out and handed her to the taller man. Sherlock took her and settled her on the counter so that she was facing him, supporting her own head with his large hands supporting her body.
“Jasper, I will inform your mother that you lost your virginity to one of her friends.” Sherlock threatened.
He placed Maeve in the small chair that was waiting there for her. When she was in it. He offered her a cocktail sausage. She took it without hesitation and started chewing on it.
“It’s commitment Sherlock, the rest of your life, a life that comes before your own. It’s school runs and homework, plays, teacher conferences, sickness, nightmares, puberty, boyfriends and going to sleep some nights never knowing if your child is going to be there when you wake.” Mycroft said, each word hurting his brother and each word hard for him to say, but crucial. “This is involved, and not a threat, a promise, brother mine, I will put her first, even before you.”
Greg put the pram in the boot and Sherlock strapped Maeve into her carseat in the middle seat, he and John climbed in either side of her. Maeve whined but Sherlock hushed her softly.
Maeve grunted in response. Her sleep misted eyes flicking to meet his then back down to his shirt, which she clutched in her small fists. He held her with one hand and stroked her with his free hand, running his hand over the soft strands. If she were capable, she would have purred, instead she leaned into the touch and released a content sigh.
Sherlock grinned mischievously at this, his brother was essentially giving him a free pass to be his usual miserable self at the reception, deductions and all, and all he had to do in return was make it through the ceremony without insulting anyone or interrupting. It couldn’t be that hard right?
Mycroft snorted and flicked the lid off of the warm bottle of milk. “Something like that, though I hardly feel like the smart one now, given the circumstances.”
Sherlock gave John his ‘don’t be an idiot’ look. “I’ve tried reading to her, holding her, singing to her.”
“I am fully capable of taking care of myself and besides, it’s not the first time I’ve been injured working a case” Sherlock argued, he gave his father a pointed look and lifted Maeve slightly in a silent gesture. Siger nodded eagerly and his son handed her over, allowing him to hold his granddaughter and watching carefully as he shifted her to rest in his arms, cradled protectively and ready for feeding. Maeve looked up at him blinking curiously before settling down and entertaining herself by chewing no her own fist.
“Finally” Sherlock declared, standing up in one fluid movement while keeping Maeve close to his body, he lifted her up higher so that she was closer to his face and nipped her fingers tenderly as she raised them to her lips. She smiled at him. Sherlock smiled back despite himself.
Sherlock jerked away from the kiss, managing a shocked look of apology to John before he focused on Maeve. Her rosy lips was quivering and eyes filling with tears. John managed a choked laugh, Sherlock ignored it and scooped Maeve up out of the pram and into his arms. He managed to position her in her favourite spot against his neck with her body pressed against his, using his coat to shield her from the cold air and press her closer to his body.
Baker Street was quiet in comparison. The streets outside were almost abandoned and a trickle of snow appeared in the sky. The flat was alight with decorations and Sherlock wasted no time in taking his daughter to bed. He made sure that she was sufficiently warm and after changing her into Christmas pyjamas, he placed the sleeping infant into her cot. Her snores quickly filled the room and he left her, with the monitor watching.
“Someone spit milk up on me.” He replied, eyes widening slightly at his daughter in fake annoyance. John could see right through it, if anything he was amused.
“I’ve just come by to give you this.” The elder Holmes brother produced an envelope from his inner jacket pocket and placed it on the small round table beside him. He looked at Sherlock. “Full access to your trust fund.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow but didn’t respond. Obvious, after his trust fund was taken away from him when he dropped out of university, he’d only been allowed restricted access but now he had a child to care for, he was allowed it all again, for Maeve of course. He continued. “Since you’re adamant about keeping her, I will have the nursery prepared for you as quick as possible.”
Sherlock picked up his spoon and stirred the hot soup, watching the chunks of chicken, vegetable and pasta swirl together to create a delicious aroma. “You came to check up on us.”
She edged closer to him and lowered her voice, “I’ve always found these events rather tedious but needs must when avoiding international catastrophe.”
“Yes,” He nodded, sighing and pinching the bridge of his nose. “She was going to be the primary carer. There will be some…adjustments to make.”
“Thank you.” Sherlock responded, those two words seeming alien coming from him and reeking of fake pleasantness. But he meant it, or at least meant the sentiment behind it.
Sherlock gave him his best ‘you are an idiot’ look. “You’re always there. Whenever I’ve run off into danger or just needed a pen. When I said that you didn’t count, I meant, I include you with myself and Maeve, as one entity.”
Mycroft took an annoyed breath and took his seat, placing two glasses on the table in front of him and Greg while Siger sat opposite his wife with his own brandy.
"It is not a sentiment that I am used to expressing, I have never loved another like this, until you." Sherlock admitted, his cheeks turning a brilliant shade of light pink.
“What about this?” John asked, holding up a little pink outfit that consisted of a long sleeve bodysuit and pair of soft dungarees.
“Shhh.” Sherlock hushed gently. He offered his hand to her over the case file and she immediately grasped his middle finger in her fist. She gurgled. “Only twenty minutes left.”
It was a vague answer but more than John had been expecting. “I’m sure you got plenty of work done with her in tow.”
Sherlock nodded and gestured for the cab. It stopped and he climbed inside. He smiled through the window.
“She was arrested on the charges of: four counts of murder, including that of two strangers, her sister and her partner; GBH and the attempted murder of one Sherlock Holmes; also the intent to harm Maeve Holmes” Siger told them, Mycroft had kept him informed on every detail “she’ll be in prison for the rest of her life with no chance of parole or early release on good behaviour.”
The matching bag was hooked delicately over his shoulder with all the essentials and the carseat in his hand. Sherlock was allowed under the tape by the officers on scene and strode through the gallery until he located Dimmock. He was stood in one of the large doorways that led into a different gallery, police tape cordoning off the area. His arms were crossed over his torso and eyes widened at the sight of Sherlock striding towards him. He dropped his arms to the side and exclaimed, “Blimey.”
Mycroft looked up, his PA was glancing over her shoulder. He nodded. “Text him, you know how he hates phone calls. Tell him what you know, nothing more, no sense worrying him.”
Mycroft comes for his Wednesday visit, they have a frank talk about the safety of Maeve and she smiles back at Mycroft for the first time, it annoys the hell out of Sherlock.
“It is.” John smiled at his friend, he liked this side of him. The caring side. Sherlock continued. “She also hit me, right on the nose.”
Sherlock and Maeve showered together at the pool before changing. It was a harder task that he initially thought, drying and changing both of them; making sure that Maeve was warm enough during the process and watching her intently on the changing table. When they were finished, dry except for their hair he packed up the bags, picked up his daughter and left the changing room. He paused at a full length mirror, his suit was far from perfect and would need to be changed the moment he got home, white shirt damp in places, skin pale and wet hair, now black was beginning to spring into curls around his angular face.
The three ladies were sat comfortably at the kitchen table while Violet hurried around the kitchen, putting the finishing touches on the soup that was being kept warm on the stove. “Everything is fine, Sherlock has been discharged from hospital and is recovering.”
They left the room and Sherlock released a breath. John placed a hand on his shoulder and rubbed gently.
“No, I just made sure that she was completely still and watched her,” Sherlock flashed him a fake smile, a lame attempt to hide his torment.
Anderson looked even more confused than Donovan, face screwed up in confusion and looking more like a rat that usual. “Where did the baby come from?”
“Hardly anything of her mother in her appearance at all,” Mycroft said simply, voice clipped though it pained him.
“My life has changed dramatically in the last two months, my priorities have shifted and I find myself settling into a routine. Abhorrent as it is, I have adapted to a new form of life.” Sherlock argued, “Partner and baby.”
Sherlock gave a curt nod and his brother in law handed John his tea before he reached into the purple car seat that was today acting as a buggy and not a pram which Maeve preferred, he unbuckled the straps and pulled out Maeve. The infant stretched her body, pulling her legs up in her light yellow baby grow as the D.I cradled her, one hand supporting her head and the other arm her body as he pulled her to rest against his body. He smiled down at her fondly.
They returned to Baker Street in the late afternoon to find Sherlock stood over the kitchen table with a hose functioning as a blow torch in one hand and a human eye in the other.
“So let me get this straight.” John put down the sandwich he was attempting to each. “He just set the curtains on fire.”
Mycroft sighed and placed the newspaper back on the table, he crossed one leg elegantly over the over and placed both hands on his knee. He admitted, “Sherlock often alludes my surveillance, he’ll be found when he wants to be found.”
“Excellent and you’ll want to register her soon, you’ll want to be thinking about names for the birth certificate.”
John couldn’t help the smile that settled on his face at his partner’s words, Edmund noticed and nodded. Petunia asked, “And you help with Maeve?”
The consulting detective did not respond, he walked straight into the dining room where his father was setting the table and took his seat on the edge of the table, beside it sat a large beanbag with straps for Maeve to rest in wile they ate. He placed the carseat on the table and went about unstrapping Maeve.
Sherlock stood back up and raised his eyebrows at his father in both curiousness and a mock disappointment. His voice was clipped, “he told you.”
“Don’t tell John.” Mycroft’s hand settled next to his face. Between his long fingers was a single cigarette.
He looked up at the sound of someone approaching. The quick practiced footsteps told him that it was his brother and he turned to face him. Sherlock had calmed down somewhat but his expression was cold and calculated, his eyes flicked over them both in one intense flick. He stopped in front of them.
A flash of blonde caught his attention. His eyes darted to the source, a woman amongst the crowd wearing a knee length dress and heels. She moved with the group towards the gate. Too fast. Sherlock pushed himself off of the wall and craned his neck in an attempt to get a better view of her. Nothing. She was moving too fast and all he could see was her back. He frowned.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “you’re hardly stepping on toes John, you are a welcome part of both of our lives and we will continue to treat you as such, I want you to be part of her life, John.”
“Goodnight Sherlock” John returned, handing the bottle and muslin to his partner, “Goodnight Maeve.”
It seemed quite content, so fed and changed recently before being left here. A hat on its head. Pink. A girl then. A small wisp of dark hair peeking from beneath the knitted hat, curled slightly and eyebrows dark, like her lashes. Eyes blue, deep blue, bright. Most babies had blue eyes though, not a clue.
Mycroft and Greg took the sofa. The auburn haired man crossed one leg elegantly over the other, eyes flicking over all the new things in the room, some were neutral, some bright colours and even a few pink but only a few. “I’ve taken the liberty of having a few things put together from Harrods, they’ll be delivered within the next few days.”
John woke to a dark room, curtains closed and the door shut. The empty space beside him was cold and he was suddenly aware that the flat was far too quiet, Sherlock experiment quiet or Sherlock left the flat quiet. He heaved himself out of bed into the bathroom and then checked the flat which was as suspected, empty.
“I’m not sure what possessed your father to get a cat.” She sighed. “I have no idea what’s going through that man’s mind most of the time.”
“She won’t sleep?” Carol asked, retaking her seat and genuinely interested in the conversation. She was deflecting of course, not wanting to talk about her daughter at this present time.
John sighed. That was about all the explanation he would get. He reached out and stroked the cat, his hand running over her side, in response she turned and bit him, hissing. John pulled his hand back quickly, not missing the teeth. “She’s lovely.” He commented.
“I assume, since you didn’t call, that there wasn’t anything I should be concerned about.” He left the “in regard to Maeve” silent.
Lunch consisted of a sandwich from a cafe down the road, a tea for John and coffee for Sherlock. They strolled through the park with disposable cups in their hands, John a little out of pace and Sherlock with one trained hand on he handle of the pram, manoeuvring it through the people as they walked. There was very little peace in London, the city was packed full of life and bustling with all kinds of people that worked in the city or were just visiting as tourists. The capital was never a quiet place, except at night and in the mornings but it struck John as odd how well Sherlock had adapted to include a baby into his routine.
“I need to be awake for this.” Sherlock said simply, pouting as he turned back to face Sally and stepped into the office after Lestrade.
“As content as one can be at 1:25am.” Sherlock added, glancing up as the waitress returned and set down a pot of tea between him and John, cups and saucers then the same for his parents. John took the inactive and poured their two cups, milk and sugar.
Victor continued, “She’s an art student, third year at UAL. I gave a talk about careers in art, something I was roped into, she was very interested, came up to me after the talk with lots of questions. I had time, so we went for a coffee. She mentioned that she wanted real experience in the industry, I gave her some names, and some tips for when she finished her degree.” He sighed. “I also mentioned a new project I was working on, nothing too exciting, just life drawing, a study of the human form. She was keen to volunteer. I gave her my number, and she sat for me the following week. We did a few sittings, nothing serious but I think I gave her the wrong impression.”
Clarke picked up a clean nappy and put it on her. Sherlock scooped her up immediately, not bothering with the dress and pulled her close, nose immediately settling in her hairline. John handed him a thin blanket and he placed it over her body.
“Well, baby Holmes here is ok. She’s very responsive and her temperature is exactly where we’d expect it to be. She doesn’t seem hungry yet, but I’ll bring you the things you need to make her a bottle. And if it’s ok with you, we’ll give her a bath, clean her a little bit. So we won’t bother changing her.” She glanced over her shoulder at him smiled. She was young and obviously enjoyed her work. “I’ll just wrap her in the blanket and you can hold her again, if you like.”
“Yes, all happy now,” John said. Maeve gurgled and dropped her head onto Mycroft’s shoulder. He ran a hand over her head, through her hair and she moved her head into the motion. John snorted. “She’s like a cat. Speaking of which, where is the cat?”
“We have a new highchair, and now she can support her own head we can actually use it.” John seemed excited by the prospected then sighed, “God. That’s what life is now, getting excited about baby chairs.”
“Quite the silver fox.” Arabella told them with a raised eyebrow. She and Violet had been best friends since middle school, she’d met Greg at a dinner a few months back.
Sherlock drifted back into consciousness and was immediately aware of the rhythmic beating of a heart monitor and the murmur of voices. It was a hushed conversation in the corner of the room that he couldn’t quite make out in his disorientated state, his head throbbed violently and his side still burning as a result of the stab wound. His whole body hurt. The smell of antibacterial filled his nostrils along with sunflowers that was the work of his mother he was sure.
“Useless chatter. Speeches. Some sort of auction where people compete to be the higher bidder to seem the most charitable. Dinner. Dancing. It’s all dreadfully dull.”
“Aren’t you taking her with you?” Greg asked, craning his neck to get a better view over the table at Maeve sleeping in her chair.
The infant was squirming in her father’s grasp now. His eyes flicked to his mother for a moment, she was always so caring and understanding as a child. She would make a wonderful grandmother. He explained. “She prefers not to be held this way.”
“I hate you.” Sherlock told Maeve with no real venom behind his voice, instead he sounded far too amused.
Sherlock registered the voices in the back of his mind but was unable to respond as he fell into darkness.
“Shhh there’s no need for that.” Sherlock announced softly, reaching into the pram and picking up his daughter. He pulled her close to his body with the blanket covering her back and shielding her from the others in the room, she yawned against his shoulder as he settled her with one of his long arms supporting her whole body and his hand resting on her hat covered head.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked up at Howard. “She’s a narcissist Howard, she doesn’t love you, and she never did. The only reason she wanted you was because you wanted her sister.”
John answered for Sherlock, surprising Sherlock and his parents. “That’s a little way off yet. Sherlock is adjusting magnificently to having Maeve around, the flats never been so tidy and I didn’t even hear him get up with her last night. She seems quite content.”
“The two occasions in which I have featured on the front page were not my doing, I did not consent to having my pictures taken and have attempted to not only keep Maeve away from them but shield her in general. I do not want her in the public eye.” Sherlock told them, impassively.
Sherlock shrugged and placed his hands on the arms of the chair, pushing his body up until he was crouching on the leather. John watched intently, reminded of the second time he visited Baker Street after the consulting detective had found the pink suitcase. He remained perched like a bird of prey, small pupils watching his daughter and the blonde attentively. John blinked then caught on to what he wanted and stood up, supporting Maeve with one hand across her chest and the other on her bum; he handed her over to the consulting detective who reached for her eagerly. Sherlock replaced John’s hands with his own cautiously, then brought the small wiggling baby close to his chest. She smiled against his collar bone as he stood up in the chair and stepped down elegantly, long legs keeping the movement smooth and leaving Maeve undisturbed.
