"I heard you talk about him. I heard the sound of your voice when you talked about him, you care for him. So much. And nothing happened to him, right?" Sam tried to make a point, but Dean realized that, since it has been too long when he last heard from Cas, things could have happened. Suddenly his heart skipped a beat at that thought, his mind working up a thousand and one scenario while his mouth just blurted a confirmation of Sam's question.
"I would ask you to join me if I didn't think that was inappropriate." Castiel said nervously, and failed to see the spark light up in Dean's eyes for a moment at the mere thought of having those strong arms soap him up, but his mind, that would usually tease him for having such thoughts, only reminded him of the part where Castiel said it was inappropriate. Dean's excitement crashed down, balanced and settled, and laughed the whole thing as a joke.
"I swear, my first thought was to call you, but he started asking  me about  the article, about whether you really  went undercover, he kept shooting  questions  and I tried to answer them all, to calm him down, and eventually I told him that the bastard was behind bars. I swear, it was like someone  flipped a switch, he instantly  relaxed and took a few deep breaths. I gave him some water and then he asked if there was a chance he could  be excused  for the rest of the day."
(yay, finally!) Hope to see you there, but in the meantime, leave a comment,  tell me what you thought.
"Gartholomew. But you can call me Garth. Good night, Your Highness." Odd alpha, indeed. Castiel hadn't given him much thought even as Garth introduced himself to Benjamin and immediately shortened his name to Benny. Instead, Castiel put the big water jug and the fruit basket on the table, then poured the water into a small cup.
There was a split second where his left hand lifted off the omega’s shoulder to travel to his face in order to help him drink the tea and Castiel was really surprised by Dean’s short displeased whine followed by a very deep relaxing sigh as Castiel’s fingers curled under his chin while his thumb sweeped right under his lower lip, pulling the skin to part them open. As he carefully poured some warm tea in his mouth, his thumb twitched to run across that lower lip, not to selfishly feel it, but to hopefully wipe that pale color and make them puffy and cherry red once again. If only it would be that easy. If only one simple touch could be enough to erase this sickness, to make Dean healthy and well again.
Ruby was a as cheerful as always, barely sparing Castiel a glance as she checked if Mr. Crowley was interested in seeing him, chewing that gum obnoxiously. Thankfully, Mr. Crowley seems to agree, so she just nudged her head in the direction of Crowley's office and picked up her magazine.
So Dean laid down next to Castiel, far enough, but still with his face turned to him, and he fought to keep his eyes open, tracing each curve of Castiel's cheeks, lips, nose, every wrinkle and even his charred hair, as if he was trying to memorize every little thing about him.
"Really? I'm... I'm not that good." Not to mention he was driven by his rut, and not really liking how it made him act, how it made him go against everything he was ever taught, all his training, but Dean seemed to like it, he seemed to really like it, but he could be faking for Castiel's benefit. All things considered, it was understandable why Cas wouldn't believe him, but there was one thing, one proof he could not deny.
"Of course. Meg and I are setting everything here, you could go and help Dean." Balthazar motioned for the kitchen, and then added. "He talked me into letting him make a new meal. I hope it doesn't turn into a disaster."
And as he untwirled himself, managing to spread his legs wide open towards the sky, he tried to get a good look at the reserved table. A small unheard sigh escaped him seeing nothing but a shadow of a man hiding in the booth, too hidden away to be interested in the show.
series. By the end of spring break, Gabriel was swallowing down these books. Those got him hooked on science fiction and horror and magic and generally anything supernatural. Lately he was infatuated with a newly discovered supernatural romance novels from an author S. W. Chester. The ideas, the insane twists the author had and put his characters through was mind-blowing and it captured his attention so much, that when he picked up a new book, he couldn't drop it until he finished it.
"Not too young when you keep shaving years off with your pranks. One of these days I will get you, I will get you good, Charlotte." Dean said and tuned away from her, glad he could at least call her names she didn't like.
Waiting on Tony to come, or for Sam's return, Dean thought about all the things that have suddenly changed in such a short time. Castiel was right, he was free. He didn't have to dance to a single beat, nor do private lap dances (it has been a while since he did those anyway). He didn't have to play pretend he liked someone and go with them and suck them off or let them fuck him... But... He didn't have to do any of those things even before. He didn't have to do any of that practically since he met Castiel.
"But if you want me to... If you need me to..." Sam said and Gabriel snapped his eyes down at him, his mossy eyes suddenly filled with so much desire and adoration and admiration and what the hell was happening? Gabriel stood there, frozen in spot as Sam slid off the bed and onto his fucking knees and bared his throat and fuck, fuck, fucking fuck, he was right there, on his knees, right in front of him, completely submitting himself to the omega. "You are pack leader... And I offer myself for you to use as you see fit... To be whatever you need me to be..."
"You... You though I wouldn't care?" Dean almost whispered, so much hurt in those sad greens of his. Castiel could see him swallowing hard, running both hands down his face.
There stood a policeman with dark hair a serious expression on his face as he observed the place before finally joining the others. The guy, Michael Cohen was actually working in a precinct across the town, all this time he was right there and Balthazar didn't even know.
"And that is you." Jack piped in. Castiel choked on thin air, but still managed to catch a glimpse of Gabriel's furious eyes as they bore into the young alpha's, annoyed that he ruined his story. Balthazar rolled his eyes again, but slowly, all eyes crept back on Castiel, watching for any reaction.
They went to dinner on a burger place Dean recommend and he had to admit, listening to Castiel moan around the bite he took was very arousing. But that night, they laid in bed and Dean snuggled against Castiel feeling more content than ever before.
The alpha paused, his shoulders tensing up. Without turning, he let out a long breath. "The militia was here last night."
Dean seemed to pick up on Castiel's indecisiveness in the situation he found himself in, in the situation
"What the hell is going on here?!" Gabriel finally said, tired of waiting for Dean to get back to his feet. The omega looked back at him, frowning, confused and then got up. He placed the papers he gathered on his desk while Castiel picked up what was left.
, for telling me that this story is her currently  second favourite  (and I totally  agree with her her decision  to put
"There is a pizza place around the corner, or a Mexican two blocks away. Though I am in a mood for Chinese." Dean said and Castiel just shrugged. He wanted to say they could go to whichever was the cheapest, knowing Dean would probably be paying, but he didn't want to ruin the mood and eliminate that smile of Dean's face. "Well, then, Chinese it is. Oh, there is a great place across town called 'Two chopsticks', if you wanna go."
“If I wanted to sweet-talk you, I would offer to blow you, just to take the edge off.” He said with a wiggle of his brows, hoping to convey the humor of it, but he froze when Cas’ eyes went wide and his eyes hardened into a very serious expression as he just stared into Dean. Fuck, he screwed up again, didn’t he?
Castiel seemed to let a breath of relief and Dean chuckled, pulling him closer to his chest. He wanted to kiss the alpha, but the angle was awkward, so he just let the man slump on his chest. Feeling him this close would just have to be enough for now. Of course, Dean figured he would let him rest for a moment, then try and shift them into a more comfortable position, but he let the alpha be for a few moments too long, and Castiel ended up asleep on his chest again.
Dean didn't mean to slow this down, but Cas apparently thought he might, so he started pulling his head with a bit of force. Dean hadn't expected that, but he let it happen, a part of him enjoying how he could make the man come undone like that. But as the pace built up, so did the force of Cas' hands, his cock burying itself a bit deeper into Dean's throat, and before he knew it, Dean was being facefucked as Cas lost control not just over his hands but his hips too. Three short thrusts had him slamming his cock into the back of Dean's mouth and coming down his throat, but the second Dean pushed, trying to pull away, Cas released him.
"Mine." The alpha released, his eyes roaming all over the omega's body before he stepped closer and allowed his hands to do the same. His fingertips caressed and tickled, his palms sliding over Dean's thighs and hips, drawing him closer to the edge of the bed. Dean had no idea where those two pillows came from, and was both surprised and happy to have the alpha lift him a bit to place them beneath his lower back. His hands slipped down and over Dean's ass, gripping it just a bit tighter, making Dean shudder.
Sam was shaking, affected by Gabriel's soft lips and the sweet taste of his tongue and Gabriel fucking enjoyed feeling the big alpha going totally complaisant and submissive. Even like this, standing butt naked in front of an alpha while his heat made slick practically gush out of him in buckets, he was in complete control. And turned on beyond belief.
“Dean…” Cas started to whine, his fingers shaking as he reached for Dean and found clothes instead of skin. As Dean began to undress, his alpha found his last voice of reason, closing his eyes and stepping back for a moment. "Are… Are you sure? I don't… I can't… I can't be the one to hurt you, I could never live with myself if I did. "
It didn’t happen overnight. It took months for Castiel to learn how to conduct himself, how to speak, how to drink and eat, what utensil to use and what would be polite in which situation. Ultimately, he was told not to be too polite and to frequently dismiss people because prince James was an obnoxious spoiled alpha and he needed to act like him. What he originally thought would be a great revelation of his existence to the world, turned out to be a secret mission of an old switch-a-roo. Castiel hadn’t understood the term Gabriel used until Balthazar explained that Castiel would be taking price James’ place and would be, from now on, referred to as James. Balthazar also explained that this would be for the best, not causing a scandal, just quietly replacing one person with another.
"Where would you like to go?" Castiel asked taking a seat next to Dean, close enough for Dean to catch a whiff of his pine cologne, far enough so that he wasn't being too much in Dean's space. Not that Dean would mind that. That thought should have caught him off guard, wanting someone's body to be close to his, but it didn't. Dean couldn't figure out why that was yet, or he just wouldn't admit it to himself, wouldn't let his guard down. And who could blame him?
Castiel smiled up at him, wiping his mouth with his hand and getting back on his feet and Dean just stared at him, eyes filled with wonder and astonishment.
And Castiel, god, he was such a good, shy guy, he wouldn't hurt a fly. He was always so quiet and sad and it would always break Gabriel's heart to see him mistreated, because he deserved so much better. He always did anything he was told, and Gabriel knew that if he only asked him to cut his fucking arm off and give it to him, Castiel would. For an alpha, he was just a kind and tender soul, not meant for this world.
"I am afraid I don't have much time to stand about. Please hand over our property, so that I may take take my leave." This Kipling guy seemed impatient, and Castiel took a step back to glance at the laptop on his couch. Kipling must have taken that action as an invitation, so he just walked right into Castiel's home, going straight for the computer.
In fact, Dean didn't feel a thing. He went through all the motions of eating, sleeping, doing the same thing he did for the past four days without feeling a single thing, except what that voice was telling him to feel, and even that was somehow muffled and not... Really as strong as it should be. He was slipping, bit by bit everyday, but either he didn't know how to change it, or didn't want to.
Cas lifted his eyes to meet Dean's and God only knows what he found there, but whatever it was, Dean was thankful for all his thoughts at that moment.
He wanted to think about them, about what happened and about what will happen now that the effects of the plants were gone, but at the same time… He didn’t want to think about it at all. So instead, he focused on his surroundings. The cabin was warm, even if there was no heat source within it, so Castiel figured the temperature outside must be similar. The doors probably leading outside (the only other were to the bathroom, he knew that because they were slightly ajar) were right there, to his left, yet when he got up from the bed, his feet carried him to the small kitchen. The kitchen didn’t seem to have electricity, but there was a small gas stove and before he realized what he was doing, Castiel was setting a pot of water to boil, so that he could brew coffee, the old-fashioned way. He found a small storage, the entrance only covered with a curtain, yet the small room seemed much cooler. There, he found a lot of supplies and food, but he picked smoked and dried ham and eggs, feeling Dean would appreciate them best. As he made breakfast, he felt his own mouth water to the smell of sizzling meat, so he made extra, hoping it won’t taste as foul as it always does. His grace was still subdued, but he had a feeling that, if he really wanted to, he could wake it up. He just didn’t want to do it, not yet.
But Castiel didn't want that. He didn't want to be remembered as the guy who allowed himself to be fooled and tricked into doing something nice for a person that didn't earn it.
"Jesus, Cas. You're gonna drive me insane, you know that?" Dean breathed out, and Castiel just offered him a small shy smile and a half shrug, his entire posture saying '
"What time is it?" His gruff voice made Dean stir so he made a note to whisper from now on, as not to wake him.
It was almost one in the morning and Castiel's thoughts always seemed to circle back to Dean, and he didn't like it. The man hurt him, he made himself to be something he was not. He deceived Castiel and lied to him and betrayed his trust.
He wiped that illusive piece of whip cream off Dean's lip and froze. The moment he touched Dean's lips, Dean gasped and closed his eyes for a second and oh fuck, something happened there.
"Morning." Tony greeted and Castiel just nodded, picking up his shoes to put them back on. As the room came into focus, Castiel could see the curtains drawn, but the bright sun still shone and it's rays managed to sneak in the room, bright and strong. Castiel frowned.
"Castiel? Are you alright, my friend?" Balthazar's voice drew Castiel out of his dreamless sleep as the man shook him ever so lightly. Castiel slowly opened his puffy red eyes and Balthazar let out a small gasp at the sight. His entire expression grew from concern to a mix of full blown worry mixed with all the comfort he could muster. "What happened?"
"Nah, man. We really appreciate whatcha doing here for us." Dean replied just as Cas stood up, groaning at the stiffness in his muscles. He still couldn't stand on his injured leg, so he supported himself with one hand in the table while he stretched.
"I most certainly am not!" Castiel was beet red as he yelled at his step brother Gabriel. The guy was slightly annoying on a good day, but apparently today was 'Let's pick on Cassie day.' Castiel hated that nickname.
His breath hitched as those two strong arms tightened caringly around him and he shuddered feeling a hot breath against his neck.
"He did... I just... I know he did... I just wish there was another way to do that..." Gabriel said feeling his anger slightly deflating, but not completely. "I'll... I just want to talk to him, okay?" Even though Castiel nodded and retreated his hand, Gabriel still observed him for a minute or two before he finally decided Castiel was calm enough and he could go and talk to Dean.
Crowley was a somewhat known persona in his world. He used to be a paper pusher, working forCity StyleMagazine, a fashion magazine with terrible covers and even worse articles. But somehow, Crowley managed to climb up the ladder, earn himself a share in the magazine and eventually take it over and remodel it into a publishing company. One thing Dean would be willing to admit to, Crowley was a good business man. But not a good person.
"That's impossible, has to be some mistake. Castiel isn't feral and he has been here with me the whole afternoon." Dean replied.
With those thoughts in mind, Gabriel headed back towards his room to fetch his phone and call Pamela and Dean. A few steps in, a searing white pain tore through his abdomen, making him scream and fall down to his knees, unable to stand. The pain burnt hot for a few antagonizing minutes, then lessened just a bit, allowing Gabriel to suck in a few deep breaths. Those seemed to have helped, only by little and slowly Gabriel turned and started crawling towards his room, grunting and hissing the entire way there.
Castiel leaped out of his bed, still butt naked and rushed after Dean, who, apparently didn't opt to run to his bedroom, but into the bathroom. Castiel caught the door before they could close all the way and he busted inside, panting, pumped up on a sudden rush of adrenaline.
"I really wish you would let me present for you." Dean spoke breathless. Castiel looked away, a slight frown forming above his sad eyes. He couldn't tell Dean why he disliked it, he couldn't tell him that it linked back to the training facilities and the alpha's there were... 'taught' not to get aroused when an omega had their ass up in the air. They were 'taught' to go against their instincts on the most basic sexual urge. Even when he went full alpha in the beginning of his rut, the sight of Dean presenting and submitting to him after the chase made his inner alpha pause with a distinct notion that something was wrong. That was one of the reasons he didn't just slam his throbbing cock inside of him then, but instead carefully approached and was swept away by Dean's scent so much, he just had to taste it.
Benny's reply came as a negative, saying he wasn't called in to drive him, commenting that he probably used his own car. Balthazar's reply was filled with some weird smiley faces and little pics of buildings and mountains and plane and a bunch of other strange stuff Dean did not understand. Why was there a pic of an eggplant and... Was that a cigarette? No, wait, a familiar looking leaf next to it, yeah, that had to be marijuana. Dean thought best to ignore that.
The laughter that broke from the man before him was so pleasant and heartwarming, and all Dean wanted was to keep hearing that laugh and to keep seeing that smile. He did it. He actually did it.
"Nah, no, let me..." Dean said, snapping out of his daze and taking the plastic container away from Castiel. Their fingers brushed as the item was past on, and Castiel had no idea why he noticed something like that, much less why it made him feel all tingly. Dean submerged the plates and the cups under water, while leaving the big stuff for the end. Castiel just... Stood there.
"Where's... - he said looking all around - your brother?" If the omega could scent Dean's feelings right now, he could tell Dean was nervous and excited, and maybe a bit fearful that the alpha wasn't in sight yet. Lucky for Dean, Gabriel couldn't do that.
But feeling that eager gentle kiss Dean gave him the night before and then that scared look in his eyes, the way his body tensed... It was like, for the first time ever, he was seeing a person and not just an object of his desire... Not that he ever treated anyone like an object, they all just played their part and moved on. They were all beautiful in their own way, but never had anything to draw him in like Dean did.
But whoever was on the other side of the door banged loudly, then using his own body weight ran the door, propelling Dean straight into Castiel's arm. Dean yelped, but Cas caught him, glancing down at the one person that could always brighten his day. When he looked up, he saw one of his security guards charging them, taser in hand, and he tried to shout at him, to tell him to stop, but he was too late.
"No, um… No. It is okay. Soon we will be married and when the time comes, when we are ready, we will mate. I can be whenever you wish it to be, there is no pressu…"
all those cuss words he avoided came flooding back when Dean's lips started licking the chocolate away, slowly moving from his collarbone to his chest, straight down to his nipple. His already half hard cock started twitching joyfully and filling up faster and faster. Dean was well on his way to the other nipple when a moment of clarity struck Castiel and he tried to speak, too weak to move and try to... Well, not stop him, but slow him down to make sure...
"Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out?" Dean asked and took a step forward while Cas took a step back, looking quite pale and shaken. There was fear and concern in his eyes, and he swallowed hard before letting out a shuddering breath. "Did you really think I wouldn't find out?"
"And you..." Looking at the man, his bright blue tired eyes and his age wrinkles, Dean couldn't help but wonder... What was Balth getting out of all this? Out of all this hard work and his sacrifice?
A warm, pleasant feeling spread through his chest and he took a chance and let his leg fall to the side, leaning against the alpha's. There was an unidentified sound coming deep from Castiel's chest, but nevertheless is caused more tingles to spread through the omega's body. Dean couldn't resist, so he leaned his head to his shoulder and inhaled, trying to catch a whiff of that woodsy, earthly smell that seemed to mix with something sweet, so much so, it made his mouth water. Oh, how he wished he could snuggle against the alpha's neck and breathe him in, take his time and analyze each and every fragrance in his scent. But even at this distance, it was so strong and appealing and it seem to just draw him in.
He shifted and his shoulder stung for a moment and he gasped because he remembered, he had a mating bite on him now. Oh, fuck yeah, he had a mate. There was someone who cared for him and wanted him and he never thought he would find someone like that. And an alpha too. Such an amazing shy alpha who would take charge when he needed to or when Dean needed him to and it was freaking awesome.
It added up quickly in Dean's mind, the avoidance, the shaking and fidgeting, the way his alpha almost sounded terrified. And his scent. His nature scent of forest and spring and fresh air had a hint of linden tree that only intensified when Dean approached him. He smelled something similar back when Cas was aroused, but not this intense, and Dean was too distracted to notice it anyway. There was only one reason Cas would ever consider hurting him, and that would be to avoid hurting him even more.
Dean glanced back at Gabriel, huffed in contemplation. The thing was, he already suspected what could help the sick omega, having researched the disease before deciding Gabriel and his brother could be the new tenants. He had hoped that Gabriel would feel that Castiel was safe here and that he could maybe deal with his own problems. If he thought Castiel could manage here on his own, then he might have decide to take care of himself and take an alpha. Mate.
"No, no, that's perfectly understandable considering your situation. You asked if we could forget this happened and I would like for us to do so, is that okay?" Castiel offered and Dean nodded, gracing him with a small smile and a grateful spark in his eyes. "But I still insist you take the bed." He said and watched as Dean started shaking his head.
His breath hitched the moment his brain connected the dots and he looked up at Benny, feeing more tears prickle in his eyes, and he so badly wanted to say something but his throat closed off, probably trying to keep the bile down.
"Good evening, Cas." The omega responded with a devilish smirk that showed a glimpse of his pearly whites. He was once again lying on his belly, on Castiel's bed, surrounded by complete darkness. That was, until Castiel entered and allowed the hallway lights to illuminate the bed.
"Yeah, I'll just… You can use the shower, and I'll just… Um… Over the sink? Yeah. That's not…" Dean tried, struggling. This was still an awkward situation, but if he wasn't he would suggest…
Dean sighed in relief once the elevator doors slammed shut in the fat guards face. He tried to press the top floor, somehow figuring that must be where Castiel's office is, but the button remained red. He pressed one lower, and still nothing. He ended up pressing down, looking for the floor he can go, his heart pumping hard in fear that the doors will open again and he will be facing that fat guard once more. Eighth floor seemed to be the highest he could reach and he huffed once again, calming down a bit. It seemed like he needed a special key to get to the top floors, but it didn't matter that he didn't have one.
With his eyes closed, Cas couldn't see Dean finished and was standing naked before him, and Dean took a moment to appreciate the sight of his alpha. "You won't.  I know you won't. You're my alpha. Now and forever." The words had the desired effect, and Dean watched as his alpha peeled his eyes open, intense blue orbs taking his breath away. He took a step back and Cas followed, never taking his eyes off his omega. They walked backwards all the way to the bed, not breaking eye contact even as Dean sat down, then shuffled up the bed as Cas followed, crawling towards and on top of him.
Dean moved back up the bed, and took a moment to take in Castiel's sleepy form, before he leaned in and brushed his nose against his partner's. Castiel scrunched up, the skin around his nose and on his forehead creasing up in such an adorable way and then his eyes slowly opened up. The moment they focused and saw Dean close, a spark ignited and a wide smile spread across the man's face.
from you... It's yours now Dean. Yours and Sams." Castiel added, following Dean's view of the situation and deciding to point out the good side of things. And besides, he could focus on Sam, knowing that he wouldn't have to worry about money and a place to stay. Not that Castiel wouldn't provide that, but this is better for Dean. For him to have this independence.
When Dean came, it was a dozen thrusts later, and with his lips parted, eyes staring down at Castiel's.  He was the most gorgeous thing Castiel had ever seen and in this moment, here, now, Dean was his.
"Put it back under the water while I get the first aid kit. It is much deeper and we need to stop the bleeding and bandage it." Castiel said and ducked away to find what he needed. Mere seconds later he was pouring peroxide over Dean's finger, the man hissing, yet still not yanking his hand away. "You should see a doctor, see if it needs stitches and maybe get a tetanus shot." Castiel muttered as he pressed a gauze on the wound and quickly wrapped it as tight as he could.
"Is it someone you like?" Dean asked with a small smile and Alfie blushed like crazy, looking unbelievably adorable.
Dean woke up gasping for air. He knew he dreamed about Alistair and about what happened, but he wanted so badly to push it aside, push it down and not remember it now. He looked around the room expecting to see Castiel, or at least traces that he has been there, but there were none. Dean glanced at the clock that said 8 AM, and then looked around the room once more, thinking he may have missed any clue that Castiel was there. There was nothing. Sad and quiet, Dean proceeded to get up, wincing a bit at the pain that reminded him again of what happened, but he pushed it down as he pushed himself off the bed and walked towards the window. Removing the shutters, he was instantly blinded by the bright sun that served more to hit him with discomfort then to shine its warmth upon him.
"I know. I didn't mean to wake you either, but... I couldn't stop thinking about you..." Cas said, his voice lowering on it's own accord, the confession coming out as a breathless whisper.
He out on some dark sweatpants and a plain grey shirt, ordered them a meal even if he wasn't really hungry. He didn't bother much with setting the table this time, knowing Dean would be more focused on the food. Frankly, having someone not caring about these kinds of things, etiquette and stuck up manners was quite refreshing. Made everything so much more natural and personal.
"I'm sorry... About everything... About last night." He looked back up at Castiel gathering as much courage as he could and seeing that Castiel wasn't going to say anything yet, he continued "I... I went too far, I shouldn't have yelled at you like that. That... That wasn't nice. You... You keep doing these... Nice things for me and being all nice and
"Yeah, whatever." Frank was too engrossed in something on his computer to pay attention to the two of them.
"And then one day, he wandered into the tavern. James. The minute I saw him, I felt drawn to him. His scent… It was so… familiar. He smelled like… Almost like home. Almost." Something heavy settled in Castiel's chest when he heard Dean say these things, but he would not interrupt the omega, no matter how much it hurt to listen to him speak like that about the man who tortured him.
Just last night, the man before him was broken and hurt, probably not just by Castiel's actions, but those didn't help either, and now he is... Well, not joyous and cheery, but... Not really falling apart as Castiel expected.
"Hey, um... Can... Can we... Can I walk you to your apartment?" Dean said and Castiel wasn't sure that was what he originally meant to say, but nodded either way. He had no idea why he did that, but Dean clearly wanted something, and a part of Castiel wanted to know what it was. Or just wanted to be around the guy. Or both. It felt so weird, having someone walk next to him, accompany him in silence. Weird, but not unpleasant. Not like it was the first time they walked this path on that wretched night. Castiel wished he could forget about it, forget it ever happened.
"Aa... Alpha." Dean breathed out, his eyes filled with desire and need and in return, his alpha growled "Mine!" making all kinds of warm feelings spread in Dean's chest. He was accepted, he was needed, he was wanted... Oh, God, would the alpha try and claim him? Dean would want nothing more, but... Maybe not like this. Not until he has a chance to talk to Cas.
Cas's heart dropped to his feet, his chest tightened and all he could think is getting there, getting to Dean.
"Were too! And Cas here agrees with me, doncha Cas?" She said putting Cas in the spotlight, like she knew it would make him uncomfortable, and Dean would want to rectify that. Before Cas could fall into a pit of panic, Dean surrendered, albeit with a pout.
“A cabin. Just a few hundred feet  from where we were strung up. You sure you feeling okay?” Dean asked again, as if Castiel’s wellbeing was the most important thing right now.
"Hey, you liked it and you know it." Dean teased and Castiel just shrugged, the smile still lingering on his face. "Okay, so I might have been a little drawn to you from the get-go..."
"Lady Lilith won't be so pleased that her daughter Ruby didn't manage to snatch the king, but even she knew it was far-fetched, considering how bright the girl is. But my father… Azazel, the Compte de l'enfer* is going to be furious when he finds out I too failed. He will either kill me or force me to attempt to be the King's mistress, for which, believe me, I have no aspiration." Lady Megan's voice was laced with despair, pain and hatred for her father, evident in the way she mockingly said his voice. The musketeers warned Castiel about Azazel and his past failed attempts to infiltrate the court to gain power, but was always kept at a respectful distance. He knew of Lady Megan's involvement in his plans, yet he knew not her feelings regarding it all.
"Tell me something, boy. You still like dancing?" Azazel asked. He knew he liked it before, he liked the attention and that he could choose his own music and just let go. But lately, it was clear, at least from backstage that Dean's enthusiasm was gone, that he looked tired and worn. "Tell me honestly, now."
"What if... What if I had someone to help to?" He asked, the question directed not only at Charlie but also at Cas. The man piped out, straightening and spoke at the same time Charlie did.
"Oh, I… Well… No, I, um… No. I haven't." The Baron finally settled on an answer though his eyes that peeked at Lady Rubette told a different story.
"Up to you Cassie." Gabriel said in a tone that indicated that if he really didn't want to, he could decline, and that it shouldn't affect the interview, but with a hint of curiosity as to what his brother might decide and how this whole thing might progress. Cas took a few breaths, forcing himself to calm as his eyes darted the ground, and then very slowly - he bared his throat for the omega.
What Castiel didn't expect to find was Dean, sprawled on the bed naked, his expression carefully blank, his green eyes piercing him through the shadow that was cast over his face. He froze, taking in the scene that welcomed him.
Castiel's eyes snapped open and searched frantically for the owner of the voice until Dean pulled back slightly and made contact. Dean watched those amazing blue eyes lock on to his and stare, stare, just stare, widening bit by bit with every stroke Dean made until something magical flashed inside of them, something so beautiful and breathtaking, Dean didn't realise Castiel was moaning one long syllable and spurting all over himself.
By the time Dean reached the SSAO, he was completely focused on the information he needed Frank to get for him, so much so that he was caught completely by surprise by Cas' being there. He was having a discussion with Anael, poor guy not knowing he shouldn't argue with her.
The omega under him screamed, and Dean felt something inside snap before both he and Gabriel were drenched in Gabriel's slick. Dean made an 'ewww' sound and practically jumped off Gabriel, who seemed to sag down in utter relief. At least Dean is calling it that. And that's what it was.
"That's ok. Happens, right?" Dean added like he was trying to ease his mind and tell him it wasn't that big of a deal, reminding him that the same thing happened to Dean only a week ago on this very couch. Dean settled back down on his chest, focused on the TV, but Castiel still felt like he should apologize for something that was beyond his control.
Dean took a deep breath, the action making Castiel drop his attempt of a smile, and got up, only to sit next to Castiel right there on the couch. The hand never left him, coming from his knee to take his hand again.
So Gabriel really fucking hoped the sign that welcomed alphas wasn't just a ruse meant to draw people in and make them feel welcome, or a warning for omegas to stay clear, because there were betas out there that couldn't stand either subgender. God, he hated this world so much sometimes. Guess they will just have to go and find out.
The place really wasn't much, one bedroom and a kitchen/living room all cramped up together with so little space, it could only fit a small coffee table and a couch and even with that there was not much room to maneuver in the kitchen. Castiel motioned for the couch as he spoke up "Have a seat, I'll just find the leftovers and heat them up..."
Clothes too. That would be the second thing. Because winter was just around the corner and he didn't even have a jacket, much less shoes. Glancing down at his feet, he couldn't help a small smile at Balthazar's old loafers. There were lumpy and slightly uncomfortable, but far better then his fluffy bee slippers. A part of boots and a warm jacket would be a good investment.
Cas wasn't condescending like Naomi could be, he didn't just point out his mistakes, he asked Dean questions, took in his suggestions and really worked like a team player. Dean had no idea if Cas was just naturally good with people like that, or did he work so well with Dean (not that he didn't hope it was the second option, just because).
"Why?" Dean asked with genuine curiosity. Castiel half expected him to be angry or defensive, because of his reaction. Castiel wanted to avoid any misunderstandings, so he took a deep breath and started to open up, much more then he normally would.
"You. All I need… All I want is you." He said, making Dean the happiest son  of a bitch alive to hear those words. He leaned in a captured Cas's lips again, cupping his cheek this time and brushing a tear that dared to roll down. They kissed, lips slotting and working together  perfectly for a few moments. And when Dean tried to pull away, Cas followed, reaching for him and deepening their kiss.
"I will help you, little one." The alpha whispered in his ear as he was climbing on top of Gabriel and it kind of felt good, divine even and if... If going through this means the pain will go away then maybe... Maybe it is worth it?
"I would like... To give you... A proper massage... If you would like that... Please." Dean said stumbling over his words, feeling his cheeks burn bright red and hot.
Castiel howled and bared his teeth, then sunk them down on that perfect spot he had been circling. The wave of pure ecstasy washed over Dean and he came so hard, gasping for air, blinded by the orgasm that erupted out of him. He clenched around Cas's cock just as the alpha thrusted into him, making his knot pop and him cumming inside his omega, perfectly satisfying his inner alpha with the good old
With all those thoughts in mind, it was no wonder Castiel started biting his lip and getting more anxious as the night progressed, which Dean interpreted as him being tired, but not wanting to be a bad guest. He yawned, lifting his hands up and stretched, his biceps flexing, his stomach showing as the shirt rode up.
The next day Castiel dragged himself out of bed and stared daggers in his coffee maker as he waited for it to brew his coffee. He had a rough night, but not because his nightmares kept waking him, but because a certain set of green eyes wouldn't let him fall asleep. He tried so hard not to think about Dean and about what he said yesterday, but it was all to no avail. He kept second-guessing if he overreacted when he yelled at him, the devastated look on Dean's face haunting him. But at the same time it hurt, and he felt so... Betrayed.
Dean didn't remember when he fell asleep, but as soon as he woke up, all sorts of thoughts attacked his mind. From his desire to see Castiel again, to his brain mocking him again like it did last night, to having thoughts that this shouldn't be happening. Because Castiel was a client and not Dean's... anything.
Dean shook his head, millions of thoughts invading his mind, only one screaming extremely loudly at him. Get away! Get away! Get away! He needed to get away from there, and then consider if it was real or not, because he knew, any minute now, Alistair will be busting through those back doors and then he would be screwed. Royally.
“Dean…” Cas’ deep voice made something more logical stirr inside of Dean, and while his body continued his ministrations, his breath hitched as panic washed over him and immediately went away. A part of it was eased away by whatever the plant was making him this horny, but another part… Relished the closeness, the intimacy. “Deaaannn…” Cas struggled against the restraints as if he wanted to break free, to reach out, to touch Dean, but the struggling only made his dick slide next to Dean’s at a glorious angle, the head of it catching against Dean’s; at the same time Cas’ breath reached Dean’s neck, eliciting goosebumps and Dean was done for.
"You want me to proofread it for you?" Cas offered, and Dean smiled widely. Of course he would let him read it, but this was a bigger thing. Letting Casproofread it gave him a sense of purpose and maybe some control and that would be a very good thing, right? Dean thought so.
Dean wanted to help? He wanted to volunteer at the shelter? Cas' shelter? Well, it wasn't Castiel's, but it was one he chose to help out at, and he was starting to feel a bit comfortable there. He knew the place, he knew the people, both those that helped out and the ones that came for help. And now, Dean was there? Helping.
They decided to throw the bong away, setting it in the box marked Garbage. A few more oddities found their way into the boxes, like a zipper head, an eraser, a box of toothpicks, and the absolute winner - a small butterfly collection. Dean thought that one was a keeper and Castiel agreed.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I am... Overreacting." Castiel interrupted pulling away, feeling the heat rise up his neck.
"I am willing to bet, a fine gentleman such as yourself, must have stolen a few hearts." Castiel said with a laugh. Both Lady Charlotte and Lord Samuel started laughing, bursting into more giggles as Lady Rubette joined the table, grinning at the tall alpha.
Luckily Castiel was finished eating, otherwise he might have choked after hearing that. He watched him with eyes wide, surprised and Dean shrunk back on himself, his internal voice cussing at him for being so stupid, stupid, stupid.
So instead, he reached and cupped his face and once they broke their kiss, he pulled him into a tight hug.
"Hey, it's okay. We all had our bad days." Dean replied and Castiel just smiled and nodded, both continuing with their meal. Moments flew by in pleasant silence, Castiel enjoying the pizza very much, when Dean felt the need to talk again. "You want a beer with that?"
The first thing he learned was that the man's name was indeed Sam, or better yet Samuel Winchester, and if the last name was any indication, added to that word Dean half spelled, he was Dean's brother. Or at least Castiel hoped he was. He also learned that his chart goes back over 16 years and that the patient was in a comatose state, that he had awoken a few times, but that his brain functions were 'misfiring' and that he would always go back into the comatose state. The more Castiel read, the more he had a feeling that something was off here. He wasn't a doctor, but some of the things that were written on the chart sounded off. He wanted to ask Dean, he wanted to know more, but since Dean couldn't respond properly yet, and he was more than content to be near this tall brute, Castiel thought best to leave it be. For now.
"Dddddean... Oooohh..." His hand sped up, the orgasm just there, within reach, the pressure bubbling up to the point of bursting as Cas imagined Dean part those luscious lips and taking Cas' cock into his hot, wet mouth.
That night he laid awake, unable to fall asleep, his inner omega wishing so hard to be held by those strong arms. At first it was the embrace and the sight of those magnificent blues and maybe even the taste of those pinkish lips. But the more he thought about him, the more he envisioned those strong hands roaming his body, squeezing and gripping his hips tight and holding Dean in place as...
"Um... Maybe..." He started, but startled when Dean turned to look at him. He had to clear his throat before he continued. "Maybe we could put the cans in one box and when it is full, take it to the kitchen?" He offered, and it sounded kind of stupid to him. Because that was basically Dean's idea from before, but that idea was for the supplies that were excess, not of the stuff that needed to be distributed around the shelter, like cans in the kitchen and blankets in the closet.
"My name is Mr. Kipling and I am here to collect the property of Crossroads Publication Incorporated. Please hand over the laptop that was provided when you started working for our company." The man said calmly, and yes, alright, at least he wasn't he wasn't there to kill Cas or worse.
That day when Dean walked out of the back door of the club, and saw Castiel leaning against his shiny Toyota, he couldn't help the sudden joy that filled his heart, no matter how much he tried to contain it. It weight him down, to think that he couldn't help what he was feeling, that he couldn't help the smile that spread across his face.
“I can’t answer that for you. I cannot tell you what to do. All I can offer is to stand by you whatever you decide to do. If you allow me to.” He said, catching Castiel off guard with those words. Those doubts, those suspicions regarding Michael and what he was to him came back, but he shoved them down again, focusing on the matter at hand.
"All was as I have suspected. His brain functions seem normal, and there is a good chance he could recover from this. Unfortunately, despite nurse Masters and her attempts to do some physical therapy with Sam, his muscles are atrophied and the will have limited movements in the begging, which might affect his mental recovery. I would suggest, since we have stopped giving him the sedation as of this morning, that we move to a different, more permanent location as yet as tomorrow, so that when he wakes up, it would be in a controlled environment, one that will in time become his safe space." Tony elaborated.
Unintentionally, his tongue darted out, rolling over his wet lips and gathering the last droplets of water and Dean silently gasped, then shuddered, filling the room with a scent of sweet cherries.
Castiel dug in, starved and completely unwilling to let an opportunity to eat pass by. Still, he tried to listen in, only managing to pick out a few words here and there, each making him more confused. '
Dean said and Castiel wasn't sure, but it sounded like he was leaving. A part of him wanted to say something, anything, because he had been right, Dean wasn't a malicious backstabbing asshole, he just made a mistake. But words got stuck in his throat and he couldn't utter one word to stop him from leaving. So with a shaky breath, Castiel reached and hung up, then proceeded to stand, rooted to the spot, staring into nothing.
Cas howled and holy fuck, did that work. The alpha's strong hands slid under him, holding his ass up higher and if it wasn't for the pillows under Dean, only his shoulders would be touching the bed right now. Dean moaned as the alpha drove into him, his hips snapping wildly and furiously, then 'oh'-ed and 'ah'-ed as the alpha set a relentless pace, each thrust shoving Dean to that edge. A dozen thrusts later, Dean felt the alpha's knot starting to catch, and felt the alpha's pace become hesitant once more and Den just couldn't bare for him to stop now.
This was going to happen and he couldn't stop it. He wasn't strong enough to stop him. Nobody could stop him, there was nobody there, nobody that cared. He was alone just like he was his whole adult life.
There was a small whine that left him when Castiel moved off of him, and he blushed in embarrassment for it, but it didn't change how he felt about the loss of that sweet friction. He didn't even realize they were over half way through the flight and that they would be landing in ten minutes or so.
"Cas! Cas!" He called out, coming closer, setting a knee on the bed to try and calm Cas down. As soon as Cas felt him near, he turned to him, reaching and grabbing his shirt, dragging him even closer.
All thoughts of work were instantly forgotten when the car door reopened and Dean entered the car. Castiel's mouth dropped and he just stared at Dean for a moment. He changed into a plain black shirt that soooo did his perfect body justice, tight and flattering and dark blue jeans that hung just right. His hair was styled a bit, nothing too formal, just perfect for the occasion. The outfit, the shirt especially made an amazing contrast with Dean's pink lips, and emphasised even more his beautiful green eyes, and Castiel just had to say
"Give me a moment, ok?" Castiel said glancing at Dean and once he got a nod, he entered the room, his focus split between the man on the bed and Dean, who he could still see through the open door. He wouldn't, couldn't let him out of his sight. He pulled the man's bed closer to the wall with the window, opposite the door and then went back outside, moved Dean so that the part of the bed with his feet would enter the room first and he pushed him in, just past a cupboard and then walked around, turned him by 90 degrees and pushed him so that his bed was now right next to the other man's.
Half an hour later, Castiel was ready to leave the penthouse, storm into that house across town and, with Benny's and Balthazar's help, rescue Dean. He wanted to inform the cops and tell them to get ready for a carnage, but figured they might only slow him down. No, he will call them after the fact. He was just out of the elevator and going through the lobby when his phone rang again, and if it was anyone else, Castiel might have ignored the call.
Casti... Cas was already close to the edge, and he knew this wouldn't take long, but still, his hand trailed slowly down his stomach, his mind already replacing his hand with someone else's. Dean's maybe?
Charlie still kept shouting, and Dean knew exactly who she meant. Bobby and Billy were the new kids Naomi hired over Charlie, and it turned into an argument between the two because the kids were inexperienced, but Naomi though that since they were young and somewhat computer-skilled, they would learn. Charlie said that being a gamer didn't mean they were computer skilled, especially when it came to editing. Naomi's response was condescending when she said they could just use an app. Charlie was furious.
Cas thanked him and hurried off, while Dean finished putting the dishes away and clearing out whatever was left, so that they had a clean kitchen to work in for dinner. But right now, he had something else he needed to focus on. Frank.
Rolling Dean's mandatory wheelchair, and Dean in them to the staircase. Once his eyes landed on the stairs, Dean sucked in a small breath, picturing a very hot image of Castiel, his strong arms and wide chest picking Dean up and carrying him bridal style up said stairs... And then missing a step, falling and tumbling down, and dying of a broken neck, while Dean just lied helplessly on top of him.
"Halfway there, brother. Don't worry, tis goin' to be fine." Benny interrupted his thoughts, and he crashed back to reality, forgetting about the years and years of women he had relations with. Thinking about them wasn't going to help, especially now that another man has requested his company.
"Maybe... um... Downtown..." Dean tried and Castiel's smile widened, encouraging him to say more. "There... There is a monument and a wide walk zone and... It is... It's nice. There is always something happening and... maybe there is something going on now too..." Yeah. Real eloquent Dean. You have such a way with words.
"What, um... What would you like to do now?" Lord, he was so adorable with the light blush and averted eyes, it made Gabriel smile.
There was a wide, enthusiastic grin on Dean's face when he opened the door the next day. That and something black on his forehead, oil, grease? Gabriel was standing there, some small luggage in hand, and frowned at Dean's excited face.
"Can I ask you something? You think... You think there is such a thing as a happily ever after in real life?" Meg took a moment, considering her answer as she moved he jaw left and right, her adorable round face taking a serious and maybe a slightly hopeful expression.
Dean took a deep breath, forcing himself to focus on the dance. The fireman pole act was coming up and he needed to make it just right. The crowd would go crazy over this signature move of his. With a corner of his eye, he saw the waitress dust off the reserved table. That meant whoever reserved it is at the front door and would be escorted to the table just in time to see Dean's performance.
"Only my pride for thinking I can catch you." Dean said with a huff. "And maybe my back, a little bit. But I'll be alright. Just wanna... Just gotta lay here for a bit."
" Dean shouted in Sam's direction, like he was pissed he completely went over Castiel and straight to his brother, but the alpha ignored him completely, staring up at Gabriel's hazel eyes. "It is a stupid old custom anyway. It's not like Gabriel is going to decline and then fight you to death, Sam!"
"No need to apologize, you like what you like, and that is quite alright with me." Castiel replied sitting down and finally looking straight into Dean. He must have seen Dean was confused and maybe a bit uncomfortable, and Dean didn't know why, but it saddened him just a bit to see that smile disappear of Mr. No... Castiel's face. He watched the man take a deep breath and stare into his eyes and fear flooded him once again as Castiel's face turned serious before he spoke.
But it couldn't have been an act. That hint of sadness in his voice when he thought Cas would back out of his offer and still he said it was okay. That spark in his eyes when Castiel told him he could shower first before dinner. That small smile when Castiel agreed to give him the tomato soup. This were real, they had to be.
"I call dibs on the soup?" Dean tried, phrasing it more like a question, perhaps to see if Castiel would allow it.
There was a time he felt the same, right after Daphne, when Zach took him in and made him smile and made him feel good about who he was. That it was okay to be different, that the church was too close-minded for its own good and that there will be a time they will have to 'get with the program' and accept the new, modern times. But as good as Zach preached, he turned out to be just as controlling as Daphne, and worse. But Dean wasn't like that? Right?
"I... I won't, sir..." Castiel said uncertain. For a moment he thought that Mr. Crowley was talking about the future, when his book gets published and his name becomes known. But as he reeled in the whole conversation and how strange it was that he personally called him, and said he would personally read Castiel's work, something felt off. Why would Mr. Crowley suddenly think that what Castiel wrote might be worth publishing?
He felt just how hungry he was, hungry for a soft touch, for a soft kiss. How much he needed to connect to someone, to curl up next to them and finally take a moment to rest from the troubles of a hard life. And something in Castiel just broke.
She added before she hung up, and Dean just closed his eyes for a moment and sighed. What was he going to do?
"... you heard that? It happened when I touched his back... Yeah, there seemed to be a lump in his stomach, but I am not sure... Should I call an ambulance?... Oh, I didn't know you made house calls, alright." Dean talked, but Gabriel's wails intensified so much that Dean was having a hard time hearing her.
As the omega's brain finally registered that he wasn't alone in this place, and then reminded him that he shouldn't be here, that there might have been a reason the front door had a
Mr. Novak's hands slid down on Dean's ass at the same time his lips parted Dean's and started tracing down Dean's neck. He focused on it for a while, his hands set on Dean's bottom and at one point he gripped it a bit tighter and pulled Dean close again, making him gasp.
He felt something shift, and he slowly came to, his neck screaming at him. It took him a moment to remember where he was and why he was sleeping in such a terrible position. Opening his eyes, Dean saw Cas' bright blue eyes staring at him and he froze, his hand sliding off the man's back. He felt a wave of panic crash though him and he knew he needed to explain and hope Cas would understand. "Sorry, I'm sorry." He rushed to say. "You had some really intense nightmare and when I came to wake you, you clung onto me and wouldn't let go and I..."
"I will need your help to check on him…" He said, but when Castiel's eyes snapped up at him, giving the elder musketeer a sharp look, Michael waved it off as if he knew exactly why Castiel was reaching in such a way. "... I won't touch him. He doesn't need any more strange people in his space. No, you will help me, by checking on him and telling me your observations, alright?"
"I used to play some music to Sam when he first came to the ward. When Dean found out, he bought a iPod and I put some music after the evening rounds." She explained, them looked back at Dean with a kind smile. "When he learned that I played music, he got his hands on every book he could find to research about sounds involving coma patients. He read that they might hear music and that it is soothing for them... Did you know he was here every day, reading to Sam? I don't think there is a Russian, Greek, Roman or American novel he hasn't read to him. He would always say that Sammy was the smart one and that he would prefer classics rather then sci-fi." She added, the kind smile broadening. It was clear she held both of the boys dear, just by the way she spoke and that caring look in her eyes that just couldn't be faked.
Castiel nodded like it was obvious, like the other bench wasn't even there. Of course, Dean could have just ignored him and take a seat across the table, and Castiel wouldn't say a word, but he was glad that the omega chose to sit beside him nevertheless. He remained seemingly focused on his book, staying frozen for a few minutes before slowly, very slowly, moving his face towards the other man. The movements were microscopical and if Dean wasn't paying attention, he would have missed that and the fact that Castiel leisurely inhaled through the nose and tried to catch a whiff of his scent.
"Santana?" Dean asked and smiled widely as Tito started singing 'After dark', the sexiest slow dance song ever written.
The view up there was breathtaking. On one side there was a full view of the city with all it's lights and life and on the other, a calming view of the river and the night blue sky. It was very close to sunset and the air was a bit chilly this high up, so Cas was glad he brought the blanket.
"Feels so good, too…" he managed, sounding so stupid to himself, but he didn't care. Dean slowly started moving, rocking gently in and out, his lips and hands never leaving Castiel's skin, their touch leaving tingles in their wake. The build up was slow, but somehow still intense as they both started moving against one another, Dean thrusting into him and Castiel pushing back, meeting him halfway. Castiel's breaths came out slow and shallow as something bubbled deep inside him, growing with every move Dean made until it finally erupted. With a sound that he hoped sounded like a moan, but was probably more of a whine, Castiel threw his head back and came between them then revelled in ecstasy and happiness, blessed out as Dean kept thrusting, his own muscles spamming, preparing for the inevitable.
"So, how you wanna do this?" Dean said wiping his hands in a kitchen towel, turning bodily towards Castiel. His piercing eyes made contact, so green and vibrant and filled with life. Wait, what? Do what? Castiel lost touch with reality there for a second, but luckily Dean kept talking, breaking the eye contact to put the towel down. "I was thinking we could store everything where it is supposed to go and with the excess stuff, we could use the boxes and sort it among them. You know - toilet paper in one box, soap in other and so on... What do you think?" The look in his eyes morphed into something with a bit of hope and Castiel didn't understand why it was so for a moment until it hit him - Dean was asking what he thought, if he liked his suggestion. He was hoping for an approval. He was hoping Castiel would like his suggestion.
I will be starting my next project, my very first ABO Destiel story called Made for me, hopefully, shorter then this monster and I invite you all to come and join me on that trip too.
And then Saturday came. Somehow, Dean let himself be persuaded to attend one of Castiel's friend's birthday party, and they spent most of their day shopping, looking for a gift for this friend. A friend Dean didn't know much about, aside that his name was Anthony Wilson and he was some kind of a brain doctor. If he understood it correctly, Dean would compare him to McDreamy of Grey's Anatomy. That type of a doctor.
He couldn't help glancing at him often, mapping out those adorable freckles and those long lashes, his gaze dropping down to those inviting bow lips.
Dean couldn't fall asleep deep into the night. His mind kept going back to that kiss, those soft lips, that taste of mint mixed with chocolate...Oughhh... Damn. That was... Mind blowing. His heart wouldn't stop racing, his palms wouldn't stop sweating and trembling. And it was so damn nice and so damn overwhelming... God! Dean turned in his bed for the umpteenth time, he kept tossing and turning, because every time he closed his eyes, there would be this phantom feeling lingering on his lips making them prickle and then he would open his eyes and find... Noting there. Damn!
Dean's hand crawled closer and Cas let his fall from his knee right next to it, brushing one finger over it. The omega returned the gesture and then their fingers were intertwined, thumbs caressing and slightly squeezing. Their eyes met once more, but the alpha couldn't refrain from looking at those luscious lips once more. Meeting Dean's gaze, he saw the omega give a tiniest nod of permission and Castiel slowly leaned the rest of the way, carefully setting his chipped lips on the omega's.
Still the tasting of the pies was the best part. Castiel asked him which he wanted to try first and when Dean couldn't decide, Castiel put a hand over his eyes, and like a goof, he circled the plates with the fork and then finally sunk it into a pie. The key-lime pie. Like he knew to pick Dean's least favorite first.
After dinner and some bathroom time, Cas cozied up on the couch, and went right back to work. Dean felt a bit tired, especially since he hadn't slept well the night before, but he decided to push through and be there in case Cas needed something. Before dinner, every once in a while, the man would ask him questions, bounce ideas, seek opinion and it was no different this time, so it kept Dean awake and alert for the better part of the evening. But around 2 AM, his attention began slipping along with his eye lids. He tried to stay awake, but sitting there, on the couch, staring at Cas, taking in his every feature, it was easy to slip into the dreamworld and imagine being a lot more familiar with those lips.
Dean did not expect a slam in the face when he followed Cas to the spare room, wishing to make sure Cas had an extra blanket if he needed one. Searing white pain blinded him for a moment, but he managed to quickly compose himself so that he wouldn't scare Cas. He could feel the blood tickling down his hand, and he hurried to the bathroom to stuff his nose full of toilet paper and clean himself up. He must have looked horrible, all covered in blood. A second too late, he realized he ran off on Cas, and by declining his help, he might have pushed him away, and that certainly wasn't what he wanted.
“Morning, sunshine.” Dean said brightly as Cas stepped into the living room, looking a bit grumpy, with his eyes half closed and his feet dragging on the floor and his hair tousled. It was Monday, their first day of work, and Dean was excited to share this with Cas.
However, if he doesn't than that's it. That is it for him. And he couldn't let that happen. He couldn't let Sam down. He couldn't give up now.
I am running late guys, so this isn't  proofread. You find any mistakes, you let me know. Thanks. Love 💜
"Yes. The local market delivers small packets of jam, honey and butter, eggs and salami and some fresh fruit for half the price, so Balth puts out a buffet, with boiled eggs and the bread we make here." Cas explained and right then, his stomach decided to growl, making the man blush even harder.
Huffing a sound that was a mixture of amused and annoyed, Dean pulled back, glanced down, then picked up his phone from the coffee table. "Hey, Red. How's going?"
In a split second, he was out of the cab, and leaning through the passenger window, throwing a twenty on the seat.
"Dude! You are hilarious!" She said and Dean looked at her, then back at Cas, only to see him blushing rose red, but with a smile on his face. So it was a joke. A good joke. Dean definitely fell for it. "Oh, did you see the look on his face?! He was such a Ross for a moment." Charlie said, barely catching her breath.
"Hey Benny bear." Charlie piped out and Gabriel tried to conceal a laugh at the nickname, not wishing to offend the alpha. Surprisingly, Benny only smirked at Charlie in amusement before turned to the brothers and introduced himself, excusing his wife who couldn't be here as she had 'important things to attend to'. It did sound a bit strange as he said it, but Gabriel didn't really want to question it further. Next to Charlie there was an empty seat too, but Dean already said Dorothy was away on business. Still, it was strange to find himself sitting at a dinning table with two alphas he didn't really know. Society would tell him to be afraid, but Gabriel was not. These were just people, coming to greet and welcome him and his brother to the new household.
But now? Now he was once again wondering into new territory, and he was scared, but not so much of the pain it might bring him. He was scared that he would screw up like he always does and then... Then he would be done. Alistair didn't have any more money to spend on him, and with his thirty-two, he was getting too old to be that desirable, not when there were younger and more willing guys out there. No matter his feelings or his own wants, he needed this to work out. He needed this. Sammy needed this. And he would do anything for Sammy.
Cas responded back, but Dean didn't quite catch what he said, the ringing of his phone drawing his attention.
It was just after 2 PM when they exited Dean's apartment, Castiel wearing his own jeans, but one of Dean's button up shirts. He actually asked for something other then his plain worn T-shirts, wanting to look presentable if he decided to go to Kansas Post. Maybe he wouldn't have even considered it, if Dean hadn't told him that Charlie texted (and she texted a lot, Dean's phone was burning red from all the notifications) and told him the paper wrote Castiel a check for his services. If he cashed it, then he could go and buy more clothes, a hat and a scarf for the upcoming winter and other things he needed. Maybe he could buy something nice for Dean. Something small, as a token of appreciation for everything the man had done for him.
That morning Dean woke up to a constant and quite annoying ringing sound, and not really being a morning person, took him a while to figure out it was the hotel phone ringing. Sudden fear and panic washed over him and he wasn't sure if he should answer it. The hotel staff should know he was alone there and that Castiel went to work, so there was a real good chance it was either them calling him to say to vacate the premises, because Mr. Novak didn't want to bother telling him they are over or it was someone else, calling for Mr. Novak. Either way, Dean did not want to answer.
Dean slowly came to, waking up from a daze. He remembered having a nightmare, but he also remembered Castiel being there, dispersing all his fears just by being present. So the next time Alistair started advancing towards him in his dream, grinning his madman smile, Dean just imagined Cas standing between them, but not facing Alistair and acting like a shield, rather turned towards Dean and drawing his attention away from the bad. He was afterall the only light in his life, his guardian angel.
"Hell no. You're gonna start moving, fuck me into this mattress, fill me up and lock your knot in me again to make sure not a drop slips out." Dean purred wanting to say so much more, to tell him he wanted Cas to breed him, make him nice and round, filled with his pups and to mate him and he wanted to tell him he loved him, and that he will always be there, but dared not. Not yet. This seemed to be enough to spur the alpha, the words clearly affecting him and he started to move, slowly and carefully, like he was testing the waters.
His dried lips tried to speak, the words coming out as nothing more then whispers, but still loud enough for Sam to hear. "Alpha... Alpha... My Alpha..."
"Hey, man? You okay?" The driver asked and Dean frowned at his reflection before he felt a drop of sweat tumble down his forehead. He was getting so nervous he started to sweat, and with his jittery motions, the man must have thought he was a junky or something. The bags under his eyes from a sleepless night probably didn't help.
"I am sorry, I didn't mean... I am sorry. I am just... I'm tired." Castiel tried to explain, then seemed to deflate and turned to walk pass him brother heading out of the living room.
Strangely enough, his rut broke after that, and Dean figured it was because his inner alpha was appeased, his omega submitting to the beast as only a perfect true mate would. They emerged from their chambers that night, and shared a meal with their family. Dean received wide smiles from his mother and she lingered hugging them both as they said goodnight. The next day they were supposed to depart, leaving Dean to live his life as a king he was never meant to be. Together, Castiel and him would rule, their decisions just and fair.
"You... You would be willing to let me interview you? Maybe write about you?" Dean asked, a thought forming in his head. Balthazar agreed and Dean thanked him, his mind working out the pieces of how he might be able to approach his new idea.
"I'll be here, at the desk, working, and when you're done, you could come and relax on the couch, maybe watch TV, or read..."
"Dean, I'm..." he was going to apologize, to try and fix this, but the words never came as Dean abruptly turned around and fled the room. Castiel's heart sank, but he only let it feel for a split second before he so bravely decided, that no, he had to say he was sorry, he had to mend this.
And Castiel really hoped, as he clutched his blanket close to his chest and screwed his eyes shut, he hoped it was true. Because if not, if Dean didn't act in order to save him, but solely with intent to claim him... If Dean wasn't the kind of an omega he showed himself to be... Then Castiel feared he was in real trouble.
It was kind of embarrassing, but Dean began to worry when night came and Cas still hadn't moved from the spot. Didn't he have to use the bathroom? Dean didn't want to stop him when the guy was on a roll, but it couldn't be all that good for him to spend this much time in the sitting position and staring at that screen, right?
It was close to 9 am when Castiel returned to his penthouse, on the verge of collapsing from both physical and emotional exhaustion. He fell on the bed without removing even his trenchcoat and slept for a couple of hours before the nightmares took over again. He saw Dean being violated, tortured and raped, forced and beaten until there was nothing left but a pile of flesh and bone and a huge pile of blood and he woke up desperately gasping for air, tears he could not contain running down his face.
"My brother likes your books too." Castiel said at one point. "His favourite is the one with the lumberjack Alpha and a beekeeper Omega."
It wasn't the first time he did this, and it wasn't the first time something caught his attention. A window of an apartment above theirs, or if it even was an apartment, drew his attention, but he didn't know why. He felt like he was being watched, but whenever he would look at the window, there would be no one there. Not even a curtain moving, or changing position, it was always there, covering most of the window, looking old and dusty.
When they finished their meal, Castiel was uncertain if Dean wanted to keep watching the TV, but thankfully the man caught on, so he made a show of stretching and showing off a patch of skin unintentionally as his (Castiel's!) shirt rose up. Castiel did not look. "Are you sure it's okay if I stay the night?" Dean asked, his face purposely void of any emotions.
"Hey. Alpha. My eyes are up here." Dean said with an amused tone, then huffed a smile. Castiel's eyes snapped up, a heavy blush crept up on his cheeks, his eyes going wide with a dose of fear and apology.
"He tried to get her to leave, to go and find someone more adequate, but he couldn't find it in his heart to kick her out, and she was... She was really quirky, you know. A tease, and playful and all around fun to be around. She brought more life, more light into his life, something he hadn't even realize he was missing..." There was a spark in Sam's eyes when they met Gabriel's and the omega swallowed hard, just staring at the alpha, and Sam smiled, somehow hoping that Gabriel maybe got the message.
his underwear and started tugging down, so Dean lifted his hips to allow it. His dick caught in the waistband, but it was only a second of discomfort before he felt the warmth of Cas' hand all around him. He groaned, rutting into it for a few moments before he realized his eyes slipped closed and he opened them. The sight of those blue eyes, the pupils dilated and the hungry look in them almost made him come, so he paused, taking a few deep breaths.
"By all means. Go out and buy Captain Crunch instead of Cheerios. Get high on the sugar, go nuts." Gabriel said with a laugh. He liked to tease his brother, but this was a bit more serious. This time he really wanted to provoke a reaction.
But shortly after that dad died and they were left to fend for themselves and thank God Dean was 18 and he could take over the house and everything. The carnival memory was one of the last happy ones Sam had, and to scent it in an omega...
The stranger said and Castiel paused, because this was starting to get bizarre. It occurred to him just what he was saying and doing, his inner voice screaming at him to run, hide.
"Nothing." He huffed a smile. "All good now." Dean smiled back, the concern still evident in his eyes, then moved so that Castiel could get up. He paused, looking hesitant for a moment before he reached and slowly took Castiel's hand in his in a loose grip, giving him enough time to back out if he wanted to. Which Castiel didn't.
Dean would always look back on this moment, on this day and think what an idiot he was and how stupid he acted, but he knew well that he would never change the outcome of it all. Maybe it was his anxiety working up, even if the voices in his head were quiet. Maybe it was the fact that they were quiet. Or maybe it was the Bon Jovi song that played on the radio of the taxi that drove him to the Novak Industries big bad building.
Dean looked up at him and huffed a smile, looking busted. "Ok, so I might like cherry pie just a bit more then others... But I still like this." He blurted out and Castiel saw his eyes go slightly wide when he admitted it. But then those cheeks of his blushed again and Castiel could swear that was the cutest thing he ever saw.
The rest of the day, Castiel spent in silence, his entire body rigid as Benny drove them around in what was definitely a futile effort now that they knew someone was smart enough to use a similar vehicle to grab Dean. They were smart and they wouldn't be found so easily, Benny knew that, but if his boss felt just a bit better with this pointless driving, then Benny was happy to oblige. Until Castiel jumped out of a moving car and charged the incoming traffic. Benny first thought his boss lost his mind, as he hit the brakes, but when he turned , he saw him stopping a grey Toyota and he was surprised and intrigued at the same time. He watched as Castiel dragged out a man, not much older then himself, his hair blond and straw like, as if he had a birds nest on top of it. In fact, Benny vaguely remembered seeing a guy like that at the club...
"Has his good and bad sides. He can be annoying little shit sometimes, but I still love him." Dean replied and Castiel just hummed at that. "I take it you don't have siblings?" Castiel shook his head. "I can't even imagine that. I was 4 when Sammy was born and we did everything together." Dean said and Castiel gave him a small smile. The next half hour passed in silence again, both of them working on separating the items in the boxes into food, toiletries, clothes and blankets, interesting trinkets to keep and garbage. They found a nearly dead plant, a stapler, a few interesting books and an old Tetris game they decided to keep, as well as some bottle caps, a broken clock and some random junk like papers and broken plastic pieces they all threw in the garbage box.
"Ppplease... Aaa... Alpha... Just... Ppplease..." And the alpha obliged, driving a hard, fast thrust into Dean, making his back arch up.
He grabbed his phone and checked the messages just in case Dean somehow contacted him, or somebody else had any information on him, and he blinked at the familiar name. Castiel had completely forgotten about the sleazy PI he hired to look into the club and his owner.
"No, I understand. You need us to take it slow, I get it. I don't like it, but I get it. But kissing is still on the table, right?"
And Lady Charlotte seemed to be getting well with him, a true friendship blooming there, so Castiel decided that perhaps, Lord Samuel was not so untrustworthy as he originally thought. So instead of further scrutinizing him, Castiel decided he might as well learn a thing or two from him.
So conflicted with what he wanted, if he even dared to want something, and what he needed to do. Sammy... Sammy takes priority. Taking care of Sammy is a priority. He can't risk it, he shouldn't risk loosing a client like Castiel to what he wants.
"Dean?" Castiel said like that little word held all the questions and looked deep into Dean's searching eyes. He waited for Dean to collect himself and just gave him some breathing room, but didn't go far only taking one step back, showing him he was still there, if needed.
Castiel woke as the warm rays if sun shone upon his face, coming out of that daze of a dream. In it, unlike in this current position, he was holding Dean more closely, his hands caressing the blond man's arms, chest and shoulders all the while whispering sweet proclamations of love in his ear. He would hear Dean's breath stutter from excitement, feel the goosebumps spreading across his skin, and Castiel would kiss down from his shoulder along his arm, slowly, carefully, lovingly. And just that. Nothing else. Completely happy to just have him in his arms and stay like that forever.
"It's beautiful out here." Cas said as Dean came back out and set two plates with bacon and eggs to the small table he cleaned beforehand.
somehow he had his clothes back on, but Castiel was still scared, still crying, still having a hard time breathing.
But Gabriel fought and wouldn't quit, so he found this specialist, a certain Dr. Pamela Barns who could help and it looked promising. He just had to move closer to her town so that he could get his weekly treatments, after which he had to be practically carried home, he was useless to drive. And of course alphas weren't allowed to drive so...
More slick gushed out of him and suddenly he felt so empty and in a desperate need to have something fill him up. Maybe one of alpha's thick fingers. One to start with? Damn they were long and fat and Gabriel wanted them, wanted them all, wanted them now. Maybe he could find the alpha's hand and set it on his ass, and the alpha could take it from there? Would Gabriel have to be a bit more insinuating? Didn't matter, the alpha would do it even if he outright told him to. He was pack leader after all. He held the power.
"I won't break." Dean suddenly said. "What happened to me… It happened. I cannot change that. But it led me to you, and that is all I want to focus on. That is all I care about." All Castiel could do was nod, understanding a little bit better.
He watched him sleep, wishing he could gaze into those beautiful green eyes and see the whole world in them. Those wide green fields, those huge green forests, that beautiful land that grounded him, God how he missed seeing them. He watched his lips as they remained motionless and wanting nothing more than to set a soft, gentle kiss upon them and wake Dean up as if he was a sleeping beauty.
It wasn't until they dropped the other pair off that Castiel leaned in a kissed Dean so deeply, so passionately it took Dean's breath away and feeling the fabric of his pants tighten up around him. Castiel kissed him breathlessly, his hands still gentle as they ran up Dean's thigh, caressing his ass over his clothes and make Dean's heart pound in his chest.
Otherwise that silence as they ate would have been so awkward and uncomfortable. Castiel turned on the TV, but it was as if he did nothing at all, nothing changed. It was just so easy, to sit there and eat and be with Dean and not feel the need to say or do anything but just be.
"Yup. Another happily ever after. Although a bit more bloodier then your average fairy-tale." Dean said with a huff of laugh
"Oh, yes, I do. I want you. I want you to fuck me all the way to the next Sunday. I want to feel your big... fat... cock... buried deep inside of me... Stretching me... Filling me... Marking me..."
“It was you… It was you even then…” Cas said and lifted the papers he was holding. Dean’s heart nearly stopped when he made the connection. Zachariah Adler, the Head CEO and the abuser of the employees of Sandover, he was with Cas, he and… Dean tried to take more deep breaths, feeling a stabbing sensation in his chest, something cutting off his air supply. Zachariah, the most vile man Dean had ever met in his life, the man that tried to blackmail Dean into keeping his job (fake job) by making him provide sexual favours was with Cas at the time? Half a dozen women sued him for sexual abuse and rape after the artcile came out, but Dean was certain there were a few men that were just too embarrassed to step forward. And Cas, he was…
"Cas, I um... Are you sure you want this? It's not some gratitude thing, is it?" He asked, and oh! Of course Dean was insecure, it wasn't just this entire situation, he was a person with doubts and fears like any other.
for his brother and had time, so he decided talking might help him get rid of this feeling of anxiety. He knew where it originated, but he couldn't just shut these emotions off, no matter how much he wanted to. Not because he didn't want to feel them, but rather because he was scared. Terrified that it would all fall apart at one point and he would end up alone and blaming himself, but worst of all, Castiel would end up hurt too. Or worse. And Dean didn't know if he could handle this.
"I'm okay." Gabriel managed to whisper, tired and drained. He had no idea what happened and why, he just knew he felt a sharp blinding pain in his lower back, but only for a moment, and then... Whatever that was, it felt... Liberating. Like he had always had something wedged in his back and he didn't even realize it until now, now that it is gone. Now that he could breathe more freely.
"No. I made a mess and I... I have to clean it up." Dean said and Castiel had no idea how he could seem so apologetic and determined at the same time.
"Cas… Cas are you…" he was going to ask if he was sure he wanted to do this, whatever it was, a jerk off, a blow job, or just rutting against one another, this intimacy, but Cas cut him off by grabbing him by the neck and pulling him into a searing kiss. His hands flew down to Dean's hips and he yanked Dean's shirt off, breaking the kiss for only a split second before tugging him down for more. It wasn't until he tried to rid himself of his own shirt that he finally said something.
Seeing Castiel didn't step back, but was actually swept away and when Dean pulled away, he almost followed, his confidence grew even more, enough for him to say "Mmm. Maple syrup."
It still kind of hurt, remembering how he was holding those newspapers in his hands, just about finished skimming through them, having all the pieces come together as he realized he had been fooled. He remembered vividly how crushing it felt to look up and be met with those entrancing green eyes. He knew those eyes. Only the man wearing them wasn't right. He was handsome and his smile was wide and just so positive and happy and...Perfect.
"Why don't you just talk to him?" Sam asked taking a sip of his newly made tea. Dean rolled his eyes just right to make them land on his brother.
Strangely, Dean didn't relax into his embrace like so many other times before, instead he seemed to tense even more, stiffening his body so much, if Cas didn't know better, he would say he was hugging a statue. His breathing was still erratic, but it seemed like he was trying to force himself to calm, the action causing the opposite effect. Not wanting to cause him a panic attack or worse, Castiel pulled away, his hand lingering on Dean's shoulder just in case.
"I didn't... I..." He tried and forced himself to focus, because he had to explain, he had to make Dean understand this wasn't what he wanted, he had to make him understand he didn't want to hurt him, only help him. "I didn't... I wanted to... I know those beds in the shelter... They are not very comfortable... And... And I know most of you adults let the kids or the elders sleep while you take the ground or... I just... I was going to take the couch, and let you... I am so sorry, I didn't mean... I wanted you have a decent night's sleep, I am... I didn't..." He was shaking and his eyes burned a hole in the ground as he spoke, not daring to meet those beautiful greens and see any resentment in them.
"Oh, come on. Dean. You can do this, I know you can. I'll be here, I promise." Castiel said and it sounded so good, the thought that he will be there for Dean whenever Dean needed him. that he will be there, in his life, to support him and to care for him, and to lo... He was getting ahead of himself, he shouldn't think like that. But he could steel a few moments, and bask in the warmth of that wide smile ad the shine of those water blues. He could try to be what Castiel wanted him to be, it was the least of what the man deserved. So for Castiel, he took a deep breath, more to calm his beating heart then because of the fear of drowning and he pushed himself off, letting his body glide forward and in five long hand swipes he was there. Right before Castiel who was shouting cheers, his smile wider, his eyes glimmering brighter, making Dean's heart flutter and fill with joy.
Dean sighed and shook his head. He really shouldn't let his thoughts wonder like that. He really shouldn't think about any of this, he should be focusing on his brother. He swung his legs off the bed and sat. He should be getting up , at yet a part of him wanted to go back and lie down. Would there even be a point to it if Castiel wasn't there? But the sheets and the pillow, they smelled like him. And maybe that would have been enough to...
Dean said and paused, Castiel speechless just watching him with a stunned expression, but a small smile tugging at his lips. Dean took a deep breath and spoke up again.
"Cas..." Dean's coarse voice made Castiel snap his head up to meet his gaze, and as he scooped up more of the salty liquid, Castiel fed him the spoonful and shook his head.
Castiel was awaken by the sound of his own phone, but by the time he located it, it had stopped ringing. Somehow he was in unfamiliar bed, wearing nothing but his own briefs and the memory of the last two days slowly crept back into his mind. He was at Nick's, but that didn't matter, because Dean was still missing. He quickly found his clothes, and got dressed as he read Nick's note which stated that he would go to the club and ask around.
And then, when a few days later Dean’s heat didn’t hit, and with great worry they went to consult with a healer, they were surprised to learn that Dean was already with child, probably due to their activities during Castiel’s rut. If they thought they were happy before, they were euphoric with this news.
"Hell, yeah, I would!" Dean almost shouted, startling the alpha, who finally raised his eyes up and gave a bashful smile once he realized how eager the omega was to please. The alpha nodded and leaned to tenderly kiss the omega, snaking his hands under Dean's shirt again, this time with the intent to remove it. Items of clothing started to pile up on the floor and the couch as their kisses turned more passionate and filled with excitement. Finally, Dean removed his briefs and with a wicked smile nudged Castiel to lift his hip so he could remove the last part that was standing in their way. Dean then proceeded to straddle the alpha again, eager to feel him close, but Cas placed his hand on the omega's hips and stopped him.
"The second purpose is to draw those in need of help. Mostly alphas, but their families too. I... When you called about the ad and we agreed to meet, I had a friend look you up. Your brother too." Gabriel frowned, but Dean raised his hand to indicate to let him finish first. "Yeah, I know it doesn't sound good when I say it like that, but as I was saying, this place was always a safe haven for those in need and I can't just bring anyone here, you know."
"God, no! It is more like - Surprise! I can't cook so I made PBJ sandwiches." Gabriel said as Sam turned the water spray towards him. The alpha laughed at Gabriel's reply.
"Dean!" Castiel ignored his perturbation, choosing instead to immediately give him the good news. "I have learned how to pick a lock!"
"It's... It's my editor. She is pushing me into coming up with something soon, but I... I am just drawing a blank... I... I dunno..." Dean said with another sigh, running his hand over his face. Maybe Balth didn't care about his life and his small troubles, but Dean wanted to be open about it all, so that there was no room for misinterpretation.
"Alright then, um… If you do need something later on, I'll be in my room, okay?" There was a muffled "ah-hum" from the other side and nothing more. "Well,um… Goodnight then."
"Mr... Mr. Novak wanted to see me again?" The question came out so hopeful, it confused Dean himself. Sure, there was a thought that Mr. Novak, the big CEO was maybe having a party and Dean would serve as... an escort for one of his friends or maybe just a pretty face, or he was offered to one of his business partners for the night, but deep down Dean hoped he was here for Mr. Novak himself. The memory of his soft kisses was still very vivid in Dean's mind and somehow, even if he still ended up being 'rented out' for the night, if it was for Mr. Novak, he wouldn't mind.
Castiel simply informed him he had some cherry sauce on his face, picked up a napkin and brushed it off.
Charlie using cuss words always spelled trouble, and Dean knew this was serious. Her department was rather new, the paper entering the modern age and he knew if they broke the deadline, the heads were gonna blame her and either demote her or fire her.
Still unsure and still feeling a bit awkward and shy, Dean watched Castiel strip to his briefs and did the same, then laid in the bed, facing him. They both had matching goofy smiles on their faces and kept eye contact, just watching one another without saying a word for quite a while. It was Dean that broke the silence. "Can I ask you something?"
"... severe fractures of rib cage... broken bones... bruises, scrapes, cuts... spinal injuries... swelling in his throat from constant... severe tearing of the anus, stitches... scull fractures, brain swelling... surgery to remove... beer bottle in the rectal canal..."
"Would you like anything else?" The waitress interrupted their moment and Castiel cleared his throat while Dean scooted back, away from him. Damn polite waitress.
Letting him fall back down, Dean moved on top of Castiel, both groaning as their erections slotted once more, but that wasn't the endgame here, so Dean tried not to grind himself as he kissed Castiel and then trailed his lips across the man's jawline, over his neck all the way to his collarbone where he sucked a small, shy hickey. Castiel wanted to move underneath him, he wanted to move badly, but he restrained himself, reminding himself that it was Dean that ran the show. Those soft, plushy lips set kisses all around his shoulder before moving down over his chest, making him shiver. Especially cause he didn't know where Dean was going with this. Still, he was eager to find out.
Once he gathered all the remaining dishes, he carried them into the shelter, his breath hitching slightly when he saw Dean elbows deep in the water in the large sink. His shirt was rolled up, the material wrapping tightly around his firm biceps and Castiel would tell himself he was just surprised because he was so focused on his work, he forgot Dean was there. No other reason at all.
"Sam does seem like a good alpha. And Gabriel was clearly drawn to him, I could see it. But I am worried about Gabriel and his condition..."
He screwed up, again. And worst part was that he didn't even know what went wrong, it was all going... As it was supposed to. Maybe he shouldn't have lingered on that kiss. But he got carried away, which never happened, so it naturally confused him. Why would he do that? It wasn't as if he hadn't been kissed before.
But he kind of always thought it would be an omega, longing for a connection, romanticizing about getting swept of their feet by Prince Charming. Life doesn't work that way, now does it? And if anyone knows what it is like to be an alpha in this world, it would be Cas.
"He saved me." Castiel spoke, his voice an octave deeper then usual and Gabriel blinked back in surprise. There was some sort of protectivness oozing from the alpha's entire stance.
, which meant showing or suffering from nervousness or a lack of confidence. Yes, that would be Cas, except when he took charge and decided without fear that he can do something, if he wanted to.
And then, good Lord, Dean was moving closer, his legs parting, his thighs sliding on the side of Castiel's legs until they couldn't no more, and then down to Castiel's lap until he was completely situated, straddling him. There was a moan or more likely a whine, pathetic, deep and needy and then his hands were rising up, sliding over Dean's arms up to his shoulders and over his shoulder blades. Castiel didn't think it could get any better. He was wrong.
It was after that first week that Castiel noticed a small redhead nurse glance their way a few times too many, but just as he was about to react, the doctors came bearing news. Apparently they thought Dean was stable and well enough to be awaken for the first time. Castiel's first response was to call for a second opinion, but once Tony got there, he agreed with the hospital's doctor.
Maybe they could see or tell how interested he was in the omega, and they thought he might hurt Dean, so they thought they should intervene before he did that. But they didn't know he would never do that. He was a good alpha, he knew his place. He always behaved.
Before Dean knew it, Castiel was pushing a finger inside of him, and encouraged by the speed of Dean's movement, started fucking him with it dirty and fast. Soon, he slipped another finger and Dean moaned around Castiel cock, the feeling almost sending the man over the edge, making Castiel reach and pull him off. "Stop, stop... you gotta stop... or I won't... make it.. fuck..."
"You got something... All over..." He said and with an open palm indicated Dean's entire face. Dean leaned back and caught a glimpse of himself in the small mirror on the wall. His eyes went wide and he cursed inwardly as he took another - clean - cloth and wiped his face. There was still some oil left in the creases of his forehead, and Castiel tried hard not to let a smile form on his lips.
“Nothing.” The alpha seemed in a hurry to give that answer. “Nothing’s wrong. I just... I think I might have contracted something, I do feel a bit lightheaded and…” He trailed off, flinching when Dean came close, invading his space, reaching to touch his forehead. Dean could tell there was something off about his scent, but he was too surprised by Cas’ reaction to fully register it. “I… I don’t want you to… to get ill. I think…I think we should… We should sleep apart… Just… Just for tonight, just to… To make sure, I don’t want to pass on whatever was... ”
Cas leaped forward, hugging him tight and Dean thought he saw a glimpse of tears forming in his eyes. "Thank you. Thank you, Dean." he said, clinging on and Dean did the only thing that felt right. He reached again, stroked his hair and then wrapped his arms around him, pouring all the comfort and care into the hug.
Gabriel wasn't mad at Dean, not even the slightest. The omega acted to protect his brother and it only caused him harm, having to go through the rejection, and it was... Kinda... Gabriel's fault. He should have thought better and talked to Dean and aquire that permit, but he was so consumed with his illness and the treatment, he was just happy his brother had someone to talk to.
As he stood there in the line, Castiel contemplated about how he should manage it. Thanks to Balthazar and his shelter, he had a place to sleep and eat, but he couldn't and shouldn't rely on that. What he should do is see if there was any way he could rent another apartment, get another laptop from Mr. Crowley and go back to work.
By the time Castiel finished his reading and looked up at Dean, there was some embarrassment in his eyes and his cheeks took a rosier shade of red, probably due to the words he didn't write. Probably because of that little heart at the end, one that wasn't really a proclamation of love, but quite close to one. Castiel could help the smile that crept on his face and he reached out and set his hand on Dean's before he spoke.
Castiel's eyes went wide, and he stared at Dean for a few moments before he he threw his brother a look filled with despair because he did not want, he could not make this decision on his own. This was something that... It was never done. He has never done this and as panic started to rise up again, his breath hitched and his lower lip started to tremble.
Castiel shifted a bit, making his leg run a bit against Dean's and causing a wave of butterflies to swarm in Dean's stomach, and Dean took another deep breath, scenting the alpha. They stayed like that for over an hour as the night slowly replaced the daylight. It was a bit straining for Castiel to read, not that he had much focus in the first place. But it was getting late and he should probably retreat for now, not wishing to overstay his welcome in the omega's territory. No matter how nice the green eyed man smelled.
"I was hoping..." Castiel started, signed and then thought better. The whole reason for him to agree to let Mr. Crowley publish was so that he could perhaps ask for an advance, or at least some cash, so that he could take out a new ID and get to his bank account. There was no reason to beat around the bush here. "I am currently having some problems, and I was hoping I could ask you for some... For a loan." A small frown flashed upon Mr. Crowley's face, as if he hadn't expected that, but he quickly scolded his features.
"Morning sleepyhead." Dean heard Castiel's voice through the fog of his sleep. "I gotta go to the office to sort a few thing out, but you can go back to sleep... Order some breakfast if you like, I'll see you tonight." He heard him say, groaning as the man nudged him a bit. A smile spread on his face as he felt soft warm lips peck his cheek and he reached, still drowsy and pulled the owner of those lips closer. "Dean... I...mgm..." Dean pulled him closer in for a deep kiss, shutting him up and mid way, he snapped his eyes open, finally realizing what he was doing.
"Round them up?" Dean asked, his smile turning into a knowing smirk. He moved out of the way just in time for a sharp looking redhead to enter the kitchen, followed by a brunette, Anna and Hannah as Castiel later learned. A few minutes later, Ezekiel and Joshua came in, the two looking so much alike that could almost pass as twins. Castiel watched them all hug out and talk, glancing at them a few times as he helped Dean prepare breakfast.
Still, his own stupid principles and moral kept him from growling back to him and Castiel found himself in a very unenviable situation. If he didn't get a job within a week, he won't have enough for groceries and rent. Since he was payed by commission, and his last editing was completed over a month ago, the money had already run thin. He should have finished Becky's
. Dean's mind supplied. Castiel leaned down to Dean's ear, bending so that his ass was sticking out and he actually wiggled it as he whispered something that made Dean's eyes grow wide, that made him gasp and gawk at Castiel with a dumbstruck expression on his face.
Fears? What fears? Who has time to think about the darkness and the confining space around them when the guy Cas was really into was kissing him like there was no tomorrow, pressing him against a wall and letting him feel his erection slotting against his own. They haven't even entered the actual catacombs, just the dark tunnel that lead to them and Castiel could feel his panic started to rise one minute, and then the next all he could feel, all he could think is Dean and how it felt great to have him take control like this just to help Cas out and to reward him for wanting to face his fears for Dean. Fears? What fears?
A moment of complete silence befell as Castiel eyes searched Dean's. He really hoped he wasn't making things worse by letting Dean do this.
None of it was of any importance when Dean's eyes landed on Cas, who was only a few steps away, his eyes dark and hooded, his hands slowly removing his clothes and haphazardly throwing them on the floor, focused solely on the omega spread out before him.
"Don't tell anyone, but Charlie has some mean ass skills when it comes to computers." Dean said, as he walked towards the kitchen. "You wanna bear?"
"All your saved progress is... uploaded into... sky? No, clouds? Anyway, we have everything you managed to complete with Miss Rosen's story. I believe we can pay you for those nine chapters you already edited, I will... I'll tell Ruby to transfer you the money. I cannot do much beyond that." Mr. Crowley said, looking back at Castiel with wide, scared eyes. It really was an odd reaction on his behalf, almost as if he emphasized with Castiel. Not wishing to dwell on that, Castiel still needed one more thing.
If it is proven that he deliberately kept Sam in a coma, then Castiel would do anything in his power to see the dr. Raphael Helbreder brought down, loose his licence, discredited and incarcerated for his actions. And then pay someone to make sure he wound up in a temporary coma each and every day while in prison.
Dean stared at him for a second longer, his heavy breathing and the sound of shower going the only sounds filling the moment, and then his gaze slipped down on Castiel's full, red, rock hard cock. His hand snapped down upon Castiel's and paused the stroking and Dean took a deep breath as if he was preparing himself to so something before he chickens out. Holding tight on that hand, he whipped around and lifted his ass just bit, then, using his other hand, grabbed Castiel's hip and slammed his body against his own.
"Gabriel! You're up!" Sam said rather cheerfully as he entered the room, carrying a tray of pancakes and orange juice. Gabriel looked up, wide eyes and a carefully scolded expression. "How... How are you feeling?" His tone took on a more calming note, voice filled with concern. Still, a small smile escaped him when he saw Gabriel reach for the food.
"Would you? I mean... He can get a little exterritorial, refrained from exploring... He doesn't like to test the boundaries on his own." Gabriel said with an apologetic expression, but Dean nodded showing that Gabriel had nothing to be sorry for. In fact, Dean was glad to be able to help, in any way.
After the meal was finished and all the dishes washed as Cas insisted he helped with those, the alpha went back to Dean's room to get dressed, so that they could have dessert up on the roof, as Dean promised.
Nick rose his hands in a surrender mode, only for a brief second and lowered them before the others could notice. He darted Dean's eyes the same way he did just before he left ZaZ and told him that Dean should go with him.
! He thought to himself. But then Dean silently sucked in a breath, his face split into a grin, gone as fast as it came and he glanced at Castiel's lips, clearly not sure if he was asking what Dean thought he was.
"Dude, I came twice! In fact, last night, I don't know if you remember, but I also came twice. You fucking ate me up like a pro, then fucked my brains out. And then you go, and you do this... This nice and sweet and gentle..."
Like in slowmotion, he could see something flash inside Dean's eyes, and then suddenly, Dean was in his space again, pushing his body against his, the seductiveness in his voice replaced by anger "Nothing happened. I just want you to fuck me. Fuck me, Mr. Novak."
"Neither did you." Castiel replied. Maybe he should have said he ate at home before he got there, but he was never good at lying. He didn't even know why he was so reluctant to take a bun, it wasn't that big of a deal. Or maybe it was? Maybe, in the light of what happened with Dean, maybe it did. Dean spent months feeding at the shelter when he didn't have to, and Castiel accused him of taking away from the people who needed it more, and in a way this seemed like he was doing the same. Dean was silent for a few minutes, after which he heard him let out a small sigh.
"Hey, no, no... I... I actually liked it. A lot. Nobody ever... Um... Nobody ever came up with a nickname for me." Castiel tried to sooth him, revealing a part of a sad truth that nobody cared for Castiel enough to give him a nickname and Castiel actually found it extremely endearing. "You... you think you could call me that form now on?"
Castiel must have felt the shift in his behavior, because he retracted his hand first, calmed the heated kiss and then slowly pulled away with a kind smile on his face. He was just starting to discover the mystery behind Dean, and the first thing he learned was that he was scared, but wouldn't fight back if someone were to force anything on him. The reason still alluded Castiel, but it didn't matter now. What mattered was that Dean actually took a few steps on his own, and this kiss was so much more then Castiel could have hoped for.
The solution came one dreary, rainy morning. Dean's heart literally stopped when that car nearly hit Cas, and seeing him go down afterwards was yet another stab to the chest. No matter the pouring rain, Dean ran out of the shelter to him, only to find Cas lying unconscious in a puddle, his leg deep into a drain, the bars broken and the metal digging into his leg. It tore his skin open, making a nasty wound, but Dean was more worried about the blood on Cas's head. The rain was dirty and his hair a bit longer, making it impossible to see the head wound, and Dean took his chances, picked him up and carrier him inside.
Collecting himself, Castiel took a deep breath and calmed his beating heart, his eyes refocusing on Dean's seeing a soft, happy look in them, with a hint of... Admiration? Adoration? Fondness? L... Love? He couldn't help the smile that tugged at his lips and he huffed a laugh.
And things were fine for a while, Gabriel making a name of himself with his pastries and cakes, rivaling Buddy Valestro with his skills. And things were good. The nice lady that ran the bakery, Mrs. Moseley let Castiel work in the back, washing the dishes and scrubbing the kitchen, but since she couldn't pay him, because alphas aren't allowed income (some nonsense about money meaning power and they don't want to empower the alphas), she raised Gabriel's paycheck and the next few years were really good.
Something warmed up inside Castiel's heart at the sight of Dean doing this, but at the same time it made him feel uneasy. Dean was clearly trying, and that was really sweet of him, but why? Considering all that happened last night, from the way Castiel behaved, and what he did, to what Dean said and how he reacted afterwards, Castiel had to admit, he was confused.
"Don't hold it against her, she rarely has the opportunity to talk to someone about Harry Potter, magic and all that stuff." Dean commented after she left.
"Lay on the bed, on your back and close your eyes!" Castiel ordered, his voice allowing no bullshit, deep and grave, furious and cold. "Actually, take that sleeping eye-mask and put it on!"
“Ddd… Dean…” Cas’ whispered voice called out to him from somewhere away and Dean instinctively turned towards the source, his entire being reaching until his mind caught up to the situation and he opened his eyes to see a very shaking Cas standing by his bed.
It seemed as though those sparkling blue eyes could see straight to his soul, leaving him completely exposed. They were so bright and so blue, so intense he felt completely mesmerized by them. And the adoration and admiration that seem to seep out of them was so warm, so overwhelming, Dean found himself unable to look away.
Castiel came to, but didn’t open his eyes yet. Instead, he let out a groan, feeling his vessel’s muscles ache, especially in his left leg. His hand flew to his head, slid into his hair all the way to the big bump in the back. He hissed when his fingers brushed against it, and for a moment he wondered why his grace hadn’t healed it. As soon as he thought it, his grace swirled up, categorized his injuries and healed the head bump, a few scraped on his hands and wrists and his dislocated ankle before going dormant again. When he tried to access it, he found that he couldn’t, as if it was cloaked by something… Something that suspiciously looked like vines. And maybe rose thorns?
"I... I lost my card and... My... My... My wallet, all of my documents. And... And my bank card and I need... I have to... I need..." Cas struggled and Dean fought the urge to stop him from speaking and just pull him into a big, comforting hug. His chest ached as he watched Cas trying to say, to explain and combined with that small panic that was growing more evident in his voice, Dean knew he had to do something.
by Friday. He would go to the club just long enough to change and then he would step outside and be welcomed by that shiny metallic Toyota and he would spend the evening and the night with Castiel.
"Cool. So, I'm just gonna..." Dean said and pointed to the couch with both his thumbs to which Castiel nodded, then got to work reheating everything. Dean sat down, setting his rucksack next to the couch and then tested it for comfort by bouncing off of it once. He hummed appreciatively then started looking around. Odd silence filled the room. It was a bit awkward, but not as much as Castiel would have imagined. He was never good at making small talk, and even if he was, what could he ask? Somehow it all seemed to private, especially for a man in this situation. How do you ask someone why they are homeless?
Waging his option, he felt too great of a coward to dial and call him, hiding behind a false excuse that he might wake him. Truth was, he didn't know how to tell him he wanted him back in his life. Maybe he could ask Nick, afterall, the man worked for him, right?
No, Castiel wouldn't take his help. He wouldn't want Dean involved in any way, because Dean betrayed him, made him look like a fool and Castiel wasn't about to go advertise that.
" I always..." Castiel started, his words silent and shy. "I always tried to be good." There was a moment there when it seemed like Dean wanted to say something, to maybe correct him, but Castiel pushed on. "I tried to... Not be in the way, to behave and to... Be helpful... And when... When those men came, I knew what it meant. I knew they would take me... I didn't... What you did for me then... It felt so..." Castiel was heaving, clearly struggling with something deep, something repressed.
I really enjoyed that." Castiel mentally shivered at his choice of words, feeling disgusted with himself for saying it like Dean really was just a paid company and nothing more.
The filthiest moan escaped Cas as Dean wrapped his lips around the tip of his glistering cock, sucking in the bead of precome that was at the top. He had done this a few times before, and the taste was no different, but Dean enjoyed the reactions he got rather than the act itself. One could even say he got off on getting someone off, letting someone enjoy him and his wicked (their words, not his) tongue. Cas shook and panted above him, gasping every time Dean would lift his gaze and looked at him through his lashes, knowing he painted a good picture. The altered between working with his tongue to bobbing his head, while his hands kneaded Cas' thighs, learning what he enjoyed the most and working his way towards it.
He didn't know if Castiel could sense his unease, or just the awkwardness in the air, but Dean was glad he offered a solution, something for both of them to just... Forget that happened. "The, um... Street performers music festival is starting, I can already hear them playing."
Castiel was completely lost when Dean's hand sneakily slipped into his pants and if it wasn't for some other visitors of the Great Fortress, he is sure that Dean would have either jerked him off or blown him and that alone made him want to try and face his fears again the next time. Dean giggled as they fled before a group of visitor and God! how good it felt to hear him so carefree and happy.
"You still up to go see Charlie?" Dean asked as they pulled out of the parking spot. The shift in the air was almost palpable, and when Dean glanced Cas' way, he saw his shoulders slump and his head hung low. "Hey, we don't have to, if you don't want to. We can do something else or go back to the apartment." He said, and meant it. Charlie could be a bit... Too much sometimes, a complete opposite of how Cas was, and he didn't want Cas to feel pressured into meeting her. She was joking when she invited him for an interview, knowing well that the job was his no matter what, considering his excellent performance.
"It's for your leg. For the shower. Zeke said not to get the bandage wet." Dean said as he set the items on the edge of the bed. "I got a clean shirt, sweets, unpacked underwear, socks aaaaaand..." Dean hopped (yes, hopped, God knew why) to one of the boxes in the corner, opened one and pulled out a bundle of something soft and fluffy. "... A bathrobe." He said with a triumphant look on his face. But it brought out a small out of Cas, so it was definitely worth it.
Dean heard some motion from where Mr. Novak was sitting and he rose back back and up on his feet. Suddenly he felt too exposed as he saw those bright blues watching him like a prey. Dean had no chance to react when Mr. Novak stood up from his chair and with just two wide steps crossed the distance between them.
Meg was... She was a bitch. She wasn't there because she wanted to, no, she was there under court order - community service. All Dean really knew about her is that she was involved with one of the big bosses in the criminal industry in town and when he went down and got locked up, she did everything she could to bust him out of jail. But she was caught, and after some prison time, she got off on parole and anger management therapy and forced to help out in the shelter.
A different kind of hollow feeling filled Castiel's chest as he laid down on one of those tent beds in the shelter, other people around him giving him a quizzical look, but not asking questions. He snuggled into a thin blanket and instead of dwelling on his current situation, Castiel ended up worrying about Dean, about that sad look in his eyes and how he wished he could make his smile as wide and as happy as it was when he entered the kitchen earlier that day.
"Jesus Christ! Cas! You scared the shit out of me!" Dean said as he whipped around, taking his eyes of the pot of boiling eggs. As he turned, he unintentionally brought his hand closer to the pot and as the water bubbled, it splashed around, a few drops landing on his hand. Dean immediately withdrew it, hissing and Castiel was next to him in a second, a worried expression on his face, mixed with some guilt.
The voice huffed an amused smile, but did exactly as he wished, coming closer and closer and he could feel that hot breath over his lips. It paused there, but not long enough to tease like it did before, not long enough for him to be lost in the suspense and it moved, the breath getting completely lost as one lips touched the other, barely brushing.
But why would Castiel even feel like Dean should have done that? It wasn't just the fact that Castiel wanted him to, why did he expect him to?
found someone, someone he didn't even know his heart was looking for, and then... He didn't even leave, no, he was taken from him. Taken away against his will and...
So Castiel got to work, resetting the plates, careful not to ruin the swans, because he did not know how to make those. He set them up on one end of the table opposite each other so that he could lift his head at any given moment and stare into those beautiful green eyes. He reset the table five times before he finally set up all the cutlery right, soup spoon next to dinner knife and not the forks. His hands shook as he moved the plates, and made a million little corrections to the glasses, moving them apart and then closer together.
But as the minutes passed by, and with nothing else to do, nothing to busy his hands or his mind with, Dean started to feel that unease creeping up on him again, and he took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to remain calm and steady his beating heart. He was ok. He was safe and he was ok. Everything was going to be ok. Castiel was going to come out of his shower smelling like his pine cologne and they were going to sit there and watch a movie and everything was going to be ok. Dean would snuggle to his side and Castiel was going to wrap his hand around him, and everything was going to be ok.
"The... The steak is delicious." He added, and Mr. Novak seemed to relax a bit, finally going back to his seat and sitting down to finish his own piece of meat.
Things were changing rapidly for Dean and he couldn't blame him for spacing out and taking his time to deal with it all, he certainly didn't want to add to his plate, but he still wished there was a way he could help, if Dean would let him, if he would tell him what he needed. But Dean seemed to close off and not reach out, not like he meant it, and that...
"Would... Would you mind if I took a shower? I am all sticky and sweety and... Honestly, my skin inches and I feel like I want to crawl out of it." Gabriel said finishing the last bite on his plate. Sam nodded, got up and rummaged through his dresser. After finding some clothes, he looked over at the still snuggled omega and just stood there, like he was awaiting further instructions.
"Considering her excitement before, I think it will be more then sufficient." Dean replied, and Cas paused to give him a small, bashful smile. "You are awesome Cas." Dean added stepping closer to Cas, or rather to his bedroom door that was just beyond Cas' form. The man lifted his gaze and looked up at Dean, his piercing eyes boring down to Dean's soul. He stepped closer, and Dean gasped silently at the sudden lack of personal space, but then held his breath, not knowing, but hoping, what Cas would do.
"Hey… What's… What's up?" Dean asked with a voice so filled with uncertainty and fear, it cracked on the first word. Cas was there, sitting on his bed, holding  two pieces of paper in his hands and looking  down at them. As soon as Dean spoke, he looked up, his eyes rim red and puffy, filled with yet hushed tears. Dean rushed to his side, feeling as if someone ripped his lungs out of his chest, but stopped short, not sure what to do. He wanted so badly  to hug him, hold him, comfort him, but he had no idea if his touch would be welcomed. Thankfully, Cas reached, took Dean's hand and beckoned him to sit down,then lifted said hand to rub his cheek against it before planting a small kiss into the palm. Another small wave of relief washed over Dean as Cas allowed, even sought out Dean's comfort, but he was still upset and Dean felt compelled to try and fix it.
Days turned into weeks as Dean watched his brother make his first coherent words, learning that this whole time he was able to hear them, that he knew everything that was going on around him. Dean chuckled when Sam proclaimed he preferred Greek novels to Russian classics, but said he was definitely tired of classic rock ballads and would prefer even disco to it now.
Gabriel rose and slid back down, harder and harder each time, but as good as that felt, he could not go as fast as he would want to. So Gabriel fell forward, bracing himself once more in those strong alpha shoulders and finally meeting Sam's eyes. They were lava red, bursting from the heat and the lust and Gabriel could see it all. How Sam could, much like the magma, burn everything in his path, at yet, he had the will and the strength to hold himself back. For Gabriel.
“I’d like that.” Dean replied, and huffed a smile into Cas’ lips when the man launched forward again, but the kiss was definitely more calm, nice, slow. Dean’s hand ran up Cas’ arm to his shoulder, the other cupping his cheek and sliding down to his jaw, and he could feel Cas melt into the warmth of his hand. They broke the kiss after a moment and just smiled at one another, before Dean got an idea. “You know what else I like?”
"You, son of a BITCH!" Dean screamed and would charge the man if Castiel hadn't placed a soothing hand on his shoulder.
! Was what was crossing Castiel's mind as he rounded the table and embraced a very shaking Dean. Castiel didn't know what was worse, that the man physically assaulted Dean, or that Dean... That he thought that he had no right to do it because he wasn't paying to do so. Which would imply that if he
"Is there a chance I could get the money in cash? The reason I need it in the first place it to gain access to my bank account."
"You did nothing wrong. You... After all I said last night, you still... You showed me what it was like to be touched in a nice way and I... I am so sorry I fell apart after that, I just..."
"Hi." Castiel replied with a smile. They just stared at one another for a moment, smiling like two goofballs before Dean spoke up.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean... Obviously I know why, it's just that... You are so... Well you, and I kinda..." Gabriel trailed off, for the very first time in his whole life, at a loss for words. He just sat there, in the alpha's lap, still very much connected to him and stared into his eyes, speechless.
But what if Dean didn't feel like doing that, doing anything in a particular moment? Wouldn't that mean that Castiel was pushy, borderline forcing Dean?
"So adorable." Castiel countered, his tone deeper, and he cornered Dean, making the green-eyed man gasp.
Devastating because Cas was clearly fighting this wave, probably wanting to let Dean rest and hoping it would pass. He most likely didn't know it wasn't that easy, not even with a hand job, not when he had a taste of the omega and his inner alpha wanted more. For a moment Dean wondered if Cas had second thoughts about them, especially considering he hadn't put his claim on him, but dismissed the thought. The alpha was simply too shy and apologetic to come to Dean.
But then the alpha growled, like he could scent Dean's thoughts and leaned back down to deliver more kisses, these ones a lot more arousing because he used his tongue to sooth the skin, then his teeth to graze over it making Dean shudder and gasp. Would he really bite him? Would he really put his claim over him?
"...Dean..." There was a warm hand on his shoulder, slowly nudging him. "...Dean..." The voice so deep and arousing, whispering in his ear. "...Dean..."
Castiel, he... He needed Dean. He needed him too. Feeling the heavy guilt stuck in his throat, Dean took a deep breath and swallowed it down, hoping that Sammy wouldn't mind if he, once more, came to see him a day late. Maybe this time he could stay longer and read a few extra chapters to make it up to him. He could bring more flowers, but not roses. Tulips. Sam liked those when he was a kid. Yeah. That... that could work.
The elevator door sounded and Dean confidently stepped out, and turned left to the bedroom, caught a glance of Mr. Novak in front of him, stumbled and went wide eyed. He didn't expect to find him in the main hall, and it confused him for a moment and he managed to look like a deer caught in the headlights. But then their eyes met, and a small smile tugged at Mr. Novak's lips, barely noticeable, but definitely there.
"I know. I want to." Castiel replied and took a deep breath, trying to look certain of his decision. "Come on, let's find those clothes and get you into that shower..." He paused mid step on his way to the bedroom, his eyes going wide and whipped around to face the man. "No, I meant... Not to... To show you where the shower is... That's... That's what I meant." Dean looked amused, smiling, but Castiel couldn't face those eyes, feeling mortified. Hell, maybe Dean wouldn't have even thought anything of what Castiel said, if he hadn't tried and correct himself and come out as an idiot. Shit, he had to make it up to Dean, he had to make it right. As they walked the short distance to Castiel's bedroom, he contemplated what else he could offer Dean, overwhelmed with sudden urge to do something more. But it wasn't really that the fact that he wanted to help Dean as much as it was this inner urge he sometimes felt, an urge that told him that things have to be right, have to be proper, correct. Balthazar, the manager of the national kitchen, and in his own way a Gordon Ramsey, would joke sometimes and say Castiel had an OCD, but he didn't. Not really. No, ne didn't.
"No... I want this. I..." Dean paused in his speech, but it didn't show insecurity, it was more... Theatrical. "I want you inside of me..."
He pounded on Dean's door and when the omega didn't answer right away, he pounded more. For a second he thought he heard something coming from the
Well, that was the point, wasn't it? That was the endgame, the grand finale. He would stretch Dean and then penetrate him, connecting them into one before he would stimulate that special spot and making Dean come with a cry, pleasure exploding out of him.
"No need man, I ain't on death roll. Anyway... I hacked the security cameras around the town, as well as the city cameras and I tracked down your Toyota. I was able to get the licence plates and trace it to a dude name Abraxas Gold. I mean, who named the guy, right? Abraxas. Sounds like a villain from Harry Potter..."
He had no idea that he was the reason Dean fought them every step of the way, not letting them have the pleasure of him submitting. He had no idea he was the reason Dean spat their semen back into their faces and told them to go fuck themselves. That might have spurred them on, and he might have come out of this whole thing a lot less hurt, but he wouldn't, he couldn't bend to their will. Not anymore.
"You're going to have to ask him... I know you Dean and you could be really persuasive, but I am afraid this just might be one of those things you can't affect." Pamela said and then turned to Castiel. "He should be okay tommorow, he just needs to rest up. Make sure he drinks fluids and that he takes his regular medications, plus these." After that, she turned and left.
The worst part was that he didn’t even know why. What terrible crime had he committed to deserve this punishment? To be locked away, discarded by the world that seemed to be ashamed of him. He asked that question a few times to the blacksmith that remodeled his iron mask whenever he outgrew it, but the man just moaned, his tongue long ago ripped out, so that he could not speak. The only other person that had ever seen his face, not that he ever took a moment to really look at him, was a man in gold blue robes, sophisticated and proud, and perhaps bold under that powdered wig with uneven curls. He wouldn’t even look at him, much less give him an answer, so eventually, Castiel stopped asking.
Still, Dean's behavior was eating him up, and he blamed himself. He told Dean they would talk after dinner and they didn't. He assumed Dean is confused about his behavior and didn't know how to act around him. Castiel loved it when he was relaxed and himself this morning, and the laughter they shared, but then Dean must have remembered he was paid to be there, and for a reason, so he snapped back into... The escort he is supposed to play.
No, that might displease Mr. Novak and there was no way in Hell Dean was throwing away this second chance. No way in Hell. So he breathed in and out, forgetting about the shirt and the jeans and how he looked and focused on what he needed to do. Just last night, and Dean would never admit it, he fantasized about giving Mr. Novak a blow job, hearing him moan and call out Dean's name, his big strong hand on the back of Dean's head, in his hair... He said he would do whatever it took if only he was given a second chance and now he was, so he is ready this time. In his mind, the moment that elevator door opened he would march to that bedroom and get on his knees and...
"It reminds me of the winter time and the warmth of the fire place and... Our mother used to make us hot cocoa to warm us up and she would let us put marshmallows in, two if it was Christmas time. Your scent reminds me of that. It reminds me of... Home."
His hands squeezed all the way down to his crotch in one hot move, reached and ripped the leather pants off, earning a cheer from the crowd when they set their eyes on his black lace thongs. He grabbed his own thighs and dug his nails into them, hard enough to almost draw blood.
There was something about Castiel acting so caring and protective that had Dean's heart warming up and it wasn't because of the soup.
If Dean woke up with Castiel's penis poking him, he might feel so disgusted with him, and probably wouldn't want anything to do with Castiel ever again. Not only could he kick him out, but also break up... This thing they had. This thing they were starting, whatever it was. No, no, no, Castiel wouldn't be able to handle that, no...
There was just something about Cas that kept pulling him, drawing him in. It wasn't just a simple attraction, it was more. Yes, Dean wanted to kiss him, wanted it almost since he met him, he wanted to touch him, but he also wanted to hold him close, to protect him. He learned in this short time that Cas was an introvert, a shy asocial person, and that if it wasn't for the shelter, Cas would never step out into the world. And to loose his home, his safe place, it must have been devastating for him. Inch by inch, Dean grew to be his strength. Each day, Dean took it upon himself to be that bridge Cas needed, a bridge between him and the rest of the world. Even more so now, that Cas decided to stay.
"No, Cas, no... I would never do that to you. I know... I know you are so much different than all of them, and I... God, this is..." Dean was getting nervous again, and it only then hit Castiel of how open Dean was. He hasn't said anything, he was struggling to show what he liked and disliked and now he is talking, actually talking, and it was amazing that he has been able to be so upfront with what he wanted. And he was clearly struggling as it was, and then Castiel had to go and push him to talk more. There was a sudden tightness in his chest and all Castiel wanted to do was to stop harassing Dean and just follow his own instincts on this - they haven't failed him yet.
Dean woke up slowly, still in a daze. The first thing he noticed were hands wrapped around him tightly and a warm body spooning him and hell, it was so freaking nice to wake up like this. With someone.
But maybe it wasn't fear of being hurt physically. Maybe he feared the emotional pain, the possibility of yet another rejection. Maybe he feared he couldn't live through another one. With his head still burried in the pillow, Dean screwed his eyes tighter, awaiting his judgement. The Alpha would either turn and leave, dismissing him as a potential mate, or drive his fat, throbbing cock up Dean's slick hole accepting the offered relief of his current predicament. Dean did not expect there to be a third option.
"That is excellent news..." Mr. Crowley trailed off, ogling Castiel's form, making him extremely uncomfortable all of the sudden. "Well! I will make sure my subordinates double their efforts and find that manuscript... Until then..." Mr. Crowley only slightly turned away from Castiel, as if he was trying to indicate the conversation was over.
"Oh." Dean said, clearly interested in the fact that they were actually in the similar line of business. "For which company, if it isn't a secret?" Dean added, curious.
“Yes, for the usual check up on your guest.” Elias said carefully, probably sensing that there might have been an alteration as to who was allowed in the room, but he was not informed of such. Castiel felt his head spin. He told Benjamin to keep everyone away, but he hadn’t told Elias, the whole twin thing confused him and made him forget that small little detail and now, the Cardinal managed to slip inside and
Those were the questions he had asked himself when Dean came to wake him up around 1 PM, telling him Zeke was there to check on his injury. Dean had that soft look in his eyes and that kind smile, but aside from shaking his shoulder, he didn't touch Castiel, much less kiss him again.
"God, you smell so good. So fucking delicious..." Dean groaned and latched back to suck and nibble on the alpha's skin, while all Cas could do is let out a string of 'mphs' and 'umphs' and pant as his mind swam somewhere on cloud nine.
"Okay, we can do that. But first... I'm gonna need you to bend me over that couch and fuck my brains out."
Castiel learned that by the time Meg learned about Sam and his condition, she was already too deep and Dr. Raphael threatened her, not only with losing her job, but making her an accomplice if not the person responsible for the whole thing. She had a little kid at home to look after and she couldn't loose this job. It was a very difficult decision, one she made for the benefit of her son, and Castiel couldn't blame her.
"I don't know if you can hear me... Or even if you can feel my hand on yours... But I have to try. I have to try and tell you that I am here. I am here, Dean. And I... God... I am so sorry, Dean. I am truly, deeply sorry for being late and for not finding you sooner, I am so... I am so fucking sorry. If only I was... If only I found you sooner then they might not have hurt you as much as they did... Then maybe you would have... No. No. I am not going to bring them up, they are done. They will never, ever hurt anyone ever again. And they will have to live with the consequences of what they have done. But, it doesn't matter... They don't matter. Only you matter Dean... Only you. You are the only one that matter to me."
Too soon, Cas pulled back, his lips kiss swollen, his eyes hooded and fuck, staring right down to Dean's core, rendering him speechless and motionless, and also highly aroused.
.. I came up with that line." Castiel's lips widened into a grin, turning to look at his omega with eyes filled with wonder. Dean blushed a bit, because his alpha hasn't been that fascinated by his brother - the author as much as he has been thrilled to learn Dean came up with a line or two.
"That's the wrong answer. If you really wanted me to feel special, you should have said there was no better then me." Gabriel teased, a half smile forming on his face.
"Sure. Have you decided Cas? You gonna come work for us?" Charlie asked, putting Cas in spotlight again. Dean knew he didn't like it, but he resisted the urge to come to his aid this time. Truth was, it was a great opportunity for a guy as talented as he was. Good money, great working hours, possibility of working from home, full dental, paid vacation. It really was a no brained, and Dean couldn't figure out what was holding him back, but was hoping to find out.
Dean was there, he hadn't left. Dean called him by his subgender, acknowledging him and showing him respect, but more importantly, a need to connect to him. And Dean was making him food, cooking for him and taking care of him. Not because he had to. Because he wanted to.
A yawn escaped his lips, it has been a long day, a working Saturday. There was a lot happening in his company at the moment, but he didn't want to think about it, not right now.
"...m nt..." Dean whispered, barely auditable, and bit down on his lower lip. He shouldn't like this, he shouldn't like being trapped with predatory eyes roaming all over his body and his lips, but this was Castiel, and he trusted him with his soul, so this was much more thrilling then scary.
It wasn't that Dean was inexperienced in this field on a certain level. He had sex with women and he knew how it worked with them. He obviously knew how it worked with men, he took it more times then he could count. But he never... He never did that. It wasn't that he didn't want too per se, but he didn't know if it would hurt Castiel, or if he would even like it... What if he hated it and decided not to have sex with Dean ever again?
"So, how did... Um... His brother take it?" Sam asked with a tone that had some hidden connotation, but once again, Dean was clueless.
The pain lessened for a moment and Gabriel took the opportunity to reach for the phone only to feel that stab in his back again, the sudden sharp feeling making him drop his phone.
If only he didn't mess it up with Mr. Novak, all of this wouldn't be an issue. He would have his sponsor, he would do whatever he wanted, be his fucking personal slave if that's what it took. Maybe he could go back to him and... Offer himself again. Seduce him? Plead him? Beg? He would get on his knees, begged and give him a blow job at the same time. He would suck that dick like his own life depended on it. God, he was getting so desperate, he would do anything.
Castiel tried to focus on his book, managing a few lines before his attention was drawn to the omega who was trying to keep himself busy. This went on for about an hour before Dean huffed and puffed, and started rolling his shoulders like he was getting tired. Slowly he walked to the alpha and looked over at the empty bench across him.
So he took in Alfie, a scrawny kid who was hurt, abused by his own parents and ran away from home, ending up on the streets. Every day, after school, he would help Balth in the shelter, happy he wasn't on the other side of the counter, starving.
Benny finally caved, ended the call and looked back at Dean with a sigh. There was a thankful look on Dean's face but Benny shook his head.
"Yeah?" A slightly gruff voice came over the speaker and Gabriel took a deep breath before he replied.
Yawning, Gabriel walked into the living room, catching a glimpse of Castiel, still in his trenchcoat, making breakfast. Or lunch, considering that the clock said it was almost 3 PM.
"You like what you see, big boy?" Gabriel asked with a quirky smile and Sam swallowed down before he gave a shaky, quiet "Yes."
"You... You know the author?" Cas asked pleasantly surprised and excited and Dean nodded, his smile toning down, his face getting a slightly serious tone.
As soon as they sat down, a shadow fell over the table, and the two brothers turned around only too see a large, intimidating man standing there. The man stalked over and sat across from Charlie, nodded at her, then looked over at the brothers. The alpha mark was clearly visible on his cheek, but seemed to extend down his jaw all the way to his mating mark, the line rough and deep. Someone was either pissed at him when they marked him, or he struggled hard when he was being burnt.
"That's not true." Dean said just as Castiel was taking a breath to continue his rant. The alpha looked back at him with a multitude of emotions swirling in his bright blue eyes, suddenly speechless.
"It's ok, Dean, I know what you meant. And I am glad this little mistake brought some color to your face." Castrol said. He saw Dean looking up and glancing at his brother and Castiel felt the need to assure him. "He is here. We won't be leaving him."
"Ketchup is made from tomatoes that are technically fruit." Cas deadpanned and Dean just stood there, blinking at him for a moment before he huffed a laugh, smiling kindly back at Cas.
The years have been kind to his external apperance, making him the best and most desirable dancer in ZaZ - a strip joint owned by Azazel, the sleeziest scumbag ever to walk the earth.
It was all one fluid motion, Cas’ body sliding up Dean’s, the alpha chasing after Dean’s retracting form to capture his lips, his hands gliding up his legs and parting his thighs and his rock hard cock pausing at his slicked hole only for a moment before breaching him, sliding in to the hilt, making Dean moan into their kiss. There was evident hunger in Cas’ blue eyes and as the rays of the setting sun hit them just right, it made them glow red.
"That was pretty good, actually." Dean replied with a grin and Castiel smiled back, eyes wide and filled with appreciation.
"Of course he knew, this was the point, wasn't it?" Balth said and Cas turned to look at him, a start of a smile morphing into confusion. "That's why he chose to write about homeless in the first place. But I do have to say, the follow-up article about me... That's what started the avalanche."
With those thoughts in mind, he rounded the corner and walked to the open cafeteria, just as the people were finishing their meals and dropping off dirty dishes. He hadn't noticed who was serving until he approached. Meg was there, somewhere in the back along with Alfie, and Balthazar didn't seem to be around, but none of that matter, because right there, dead on center, stood a man, smiling up at the people and giving out thank-yous as they placed the dishes in a plastic box.
"Cas? You... Ahm... What's... What's wrong?" Dean asked a bit scared as he saw tears forming in Castiel's eyes, pulling off of him, afraid he hurt him or something.
"Gmm... I apologise... I must have fallen aseeeeyya..." Yeah, you guessed it, that was a yawn that interrupted Castiel mid sentence. He quickly shook of the drowsiness and took a deep breath to refocus. A wide smile spread on his face as Dean came into clear view and he froze for a moment, the sight of those vibrant greens rendering him speechless.
So he waited until Castiel finished his last bite and then forced himself to speak up. "You... You seem tired."
He shouldn't. He shouldn't think that. He shouldn't allow himself to tread such a dangerous path. It could end badly. He had been hurt before, but somehow it felt as if this had a much bigger potential. It seemed too real. Too right. Too wrong.
"Azazel lied to you. Sam... Sam recuperated a long time ago, but he and doctor Helbreder kept him in the comatose state to use you. Every cent you... Brought in, Azazel gave half to the doctor, to keep Sam sedated, and the other half he kept for himself. He... He has been using you this whole time, Dean." The look on Dean's face, the shock and devastation in his eyes was so heartbreaking to see, Castiel choked out those last words, feeling his stomach lurching up.
He tried to contain the hums, because Dean was really good with his hands and oh, how much he wanted him to move closer to his ear, whisper something, anything, and then set his soft lips on Castiel's neck. He must have been craning his neck to the side, because soon enough, Dean's fingers were tracing there, pushing but not probing. Castiel could help but shudder and Dean paused.
Dean looked down on the ground feeling ashamed as he approached the receptionist and said he was there too see Mr. Novak and that Mr. Novak was expecting him. The stink eye the receptionist gave him told h they knew why he was there and took it as a personal insult that he dared walk into their hotel. Dean saw that look before.
Besides, it wasn't as if he planned to stay like this. Just... For a few days. Just to let his mind relax and not to worry about... Well, everything. Being around Dean didn't help at all. He found himself enjoying the time they spent together talking while working or cooking, that the hours simply passed by.
Of course Sam would know something's up, he always had that intuition and the ability to just see right through a person, especially his own brother. Dean sighed and ran his hand over his face. He could play dumb, he could lie and say he had a fight at work or whatever and Sam would leave it at that, he knew Dean wouldn't want to talk about it, he might say what happened, but he wouldn't say how and why it affected him. Dean was far better at bottling his emotions then expressing them, always was.
"You... You have some chocolate here..." He said as he put the chocolate on the corner of Castiel's lips and then leaned to kiss it away. Castiel watched him, enjoying the game they were playing and grinning because of it like a damn idiot; then his eyes slipped back on the bottle and back at Dean, like he was indicating it was Dean's turn.
Maybe, with time, Cas could learn to trust him, really trust him and let him in even closer, but Dean dared not even imagine it yet, as not to jinx it. For now, he was happy to have this much.
"Cas. Talk to me, please. Did something happen?" Gabriel's voice was now filled with worry and as much as it looked like his brother was about to close up on him, there was still hope, plea in his eyes that he wouldn't.
"Yes." Castiel replied and watched with amazement as Dean just accepted it. Not only that, but he took out the carton and two glasses and poured both Castiel and himself a glass. Zach would never have done that. Dean took a few more bites of his pizza, then doused it with milk, sighing loudly in content after.
"I think my downstairs neighbor uses these." He suddenly blurted out. He looked at Dean who gave him a confused look, making him blush, but feeling the urge to explain. "I had a friend in college who smoked and whenever I see my neighbor, I pick up the same smell, I am guessing it is marijuana. And I think I saw something similar in his apartment when I went to his place to ask for my measuring cup back."
And he couldn't wait to get a chance to meet Gabriel, and hoped Dean would soon trust the other omega enough to make the introduction.
"Please, Dean. I have been your editor for years now, I know how you write. There wasn't much time, and I knew you would take forever to fix this, so I just did it myself. As for the angel part, I found that in your notes. The name and the word angel, so I Googled it, found that information about what kind of an angel he was and..."
This time, Dean disregarded the nickname and just gave a small nod, never meeting anyone's eyes, instead opting to stare down at the ground. For a moment there it almost seemed like Crowley asked him that because he was concerned for him and not for his job, but whichever it really was, it didn't matter now. Benny was directing him towards the back door where there was a big white limo probably waiting for him, but it wasn't until the back door actually opened, the big white Moby Dick came into view and the chilly night air hit him that Dean finally snapped back to reality.
The chain reaction that followed would be enough to give anyone a heart attack and proclaim them the victims of mind-blowing sex.
Once he got the elevator going, he leaned on its wall and titled his head backward, looking up at the golden ceiling, trying hard to compose himself. If he didn't count Michael and Alistair, he had only a hand full of other clients, and most of them just told him what they expected of him. He really hoped this new client would be the same and not expect him to know his likes and dislikes like Alistair did at first.
