“I thought that was your ass,” Cas quipped back.
Shakespearean references
“Relax Cas, you know it doesn’t bother me who you stick your dick in, just keep it out of family time huh?”
"Do it then."
Cas took a deep breath, and breathed in the smell of Dean.
"Castiel!" Dean shouted as the orgasm washed over him. His cock pumping into Cas' hand and filling the panties with his come. He clenched tight around Cas, who quickly followed him over the edge, the angel's cries almost enough to get Dean hard again.
“Happy Halloween.”
“No, I do not think that would be prudent.”
It hadn't been like this in years. It had been habitual, gruesome, but contained. Now he was a raging fire, consuming everything in his path. Drink, kill, fuck, repeat. It all burnt with that same brightness. He left as many bruises on his partners as they did on him now, he wanted to rip them apart, and no matter what he did he was never satisfied. That was what did it, in the end. He was sat at the edge of the bed, blood covering his hands as he took a drag of a post kill cigarette, regretting the decision to fuck his mark before killing him, rather than keeping work and play separate as he usually did, body still thrumming with the energy that would not disperse, when he realised: he didn't have to do what Cas ordered, not anymore. He could take what he wanted, and screw the consequences. He wouldn't fuck Cas if he didn't want it, but he could at least get a look at him, at least view the calm to his storm. He needed it too much to resist.
He agreed to meet at the motel. It was enemy ground, but he knew the layout, and he didn’t want to divulge his own address, not if Dean was who he thought he was. Oh how he hoped he was wrong.
“I think we have established that I can overpower you, should you try something so foolish, and anyway I wouldn’t be able to feed you if I was dead.”
“Use your words Dean,” he said sternly.
“I will never let anyone hurt you again, you know that, right?”
“Ain’t they already? At least this way there’s sex. I was tryna adjust to the idea of not havin’ you inside me again and… it sucked dude.”
Once again Dean was left helplessly aroused. This time, however, he had no one to blame but himself. He was pretty sure a part of him had done it deliberately, had needed that extra level of control. He knew he could just defy his orders, that Cas would never know if he took the plug out or went for a quick wank in the backseat of the impala, that a part of him wanted to see what Castiel would do if he did find out. However, as the day wore on, he found a sort of calm in obeying. It was torturous, sitting behind the wheel of the impala, feeling the thrum of the engine jostling the plug within him while the hard leather put pressure on the sensitive skin of his ass, his cock straining against his jeans, and knowing he could do nothing but take it, that he
He tried to type
“Tell me, what are you fond of?”
He hung up before his brother could make him change his mind, which he knew he could have done with a single word.
He wasn't the only one, it seemed. His gaze was drawn to the predatory gleam in the eyes of a man standing beside the bar. His shoulders were stiff, everything about the layers of shirt and jacket and trench coat screaming that he was out of place in this environment, and yet those eyes. That expression was not one of discomfort, but of hunger. Dean moved like he was drawn to him with a magnetic force, not really aware of making the decision to do so.
"Please, fuck me," he whispered.
"I'm getting expelled."
He took a deep gulp straight from the bottle, the cheap liquor burning his throat, warming his insides, sending fire to all of those dark places. Perhaps that was the way he should go, burnt up just like his mother, wouldn’t that be freaking poetic. He chuckled at the concept, the sound painful to his ears, lacking the musicality of genuine amusement.
“I hardly see what that has to do with-“
“Dude this situation is so fucked.”
Dean didn’t know how many of the deaths his family had suffered were caused by the man biting down on his shoulder as they rocked together, but he knew that anyone who fought like that had to do it regularly. It was only logical to assume he had a substantial body count, maybe even comparable to Dean’s own. Yes, he would have to kill him for that, if not for his loyalties.
"Don't you fucking dare."
“You know, you could have just bought me a drink.”
“Aww, almost sound like you care,” he spoke with a hiccup. He was getting steadily drunker, and Cas distantly wondered how much he had consumed so far, certainly too much, possibly dangerously so.
Bordering on hurt/comfort
“You need to look at me.”
He took a moment to savour, breathe in, breathe out, then released his hold on the dead man. Raphael fell to the floor of the bathroom, blood soaking linoleum, and Dean leaned down to retrieve the knife, wiping it clean on the shirt of his victim.
"What's it to you?" He stuffed the shirt in the bin, making a mental note to dispose of it properly later, and sat down on the bed.
Dean hoped he hadn't visibly paled. He felt like all the blood in his body had been drained away, or maybe that was what was caught in his throat. His head was ringing, ears buzzing, and he was horrifically aware of the reminders he had been left. He didn't need to open the binder he had been passed, he knew what he'd find, but still he made a show of it, if only to hide the panic on his face. Sure enough, there was a photo of Castiel, staring up at him like all the other dead.
He shot Dean a devastatingly wicked smile, watching his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed, licking his lips in that infuriatingly sexy way he had a tendency to do. Cas attempted to one up him, knowing this was a battle he had to win. He couldn’t let lust dampen his senses, couldn’t let the yearning he felt every time Dean looked at him take control.
“How long’ve you been pining over Gabe and doin’ nothing ‘bout it?”
“What was in the box?”
“Hello Dean. I didn’t expect to see you tonight.”
“You really think so?”
or something like that, but he couldn’t do it. The words were too final. True, but not something he was ready to say. He might never have another chance to forgive, which did not change the fact that he hadn’t. The hurt didn’t just magically disappear in the end, not in real life, reality was never that neat. Sam didn’t need to know that. Sam needed closure. He’d freak out when he got the message, probably, but at least he’d have what he needed.
Dean's warmth was nice beside him, just like the warmth of the whiskey spreading through him and calming the fire within. Their arms brushed against each other and Cas realised just how rarely he sat with someone like this. He had never yearned for it, but now that he had it he wondered why.
"No, you know what, screw you Sam. I've been doing just fine without you judging me, or pitying me, or whatever the hell it is you're trying to do right now. You left, do me a favour and stay gone.”
Dean’s eyed dilated.
“I don’t have to be.”
He didn’t hear anything else Gabe said. Cas was already striding towards the bar. He picked up the folded note, undoubtedly deliberately similar to the note Cas had left on Dean’s nightstand what felt so long ago.
Cas reached a hand out to stroke Dean’s cheek, no doubt feeling the tension in his jaw, seeing the fear of rejection in his eyes.
"If you do not wish to be restrained, just leave your arms at your sides, if you consent, cross your wrists behind your back. I know this might bring back some memories for you but, if you can get past that, I believe you might like it."
Dean’s heart lightened slightly as they walked up to the Novak house. It made sense to go past there, sure it was a bit of a long way around, but it was in a nice neighbourhood that would have nice candy, and if they were in the area it would be rude not to pop in, right? That’s what he told Sam, and he was sticking with the story. If he got to see Cas, at least he was getting something out of this ordeal.
Sam couldn’t bear it. He couldn’t bear always fighting, he couldn’t bear always losing, he couldn’t bear always watching his brother lose. He wasn’t going to anymore. Enough was enough. Dean deserved his win. They all did. Sam was going to get Eileen back, and he was going to get Cas back, and Charlie and Donna and all the rest. Chuck should have known better. You should never piss off a Winchester, and Sam was well and truly pissed.
“Cas?” Dean spoke into the sheets as Cas softly topped him from behind.
He knew he was just focussing on the waitress to distract himself. He knew she wasn’t important in the grand scheme of things, the fury he felt was not truly caused by her, and yet he was a word away from slitting her goddamn throat.
Canon compliant(ish) character death
so keep a lookout.
“Thank you.” Cas murmured against his lips, his voice deep and emotional.
The silence was deafening. His brother was dead, slain by his hand, there was no escaping that fact. They would pay for this, pay with everything they had. He had only worsened their fates with his treasonous actions.
“I really haven’t been a good influence on you have I?”
"Though, on second thoughts, I think I prefer this."
"I should kill you right now," Castiel growled as he slapped Dean again, with the full force of all that coiling muscle he hid so well. Dean groaned, arching into the pain.
Now that was someone he could truly hate. He didn’t mind taking some shit himself, but Cas? He didn’t deserve to be hurt.
Cas shook his head, blinking back tears. Dean's expression softened.
“Always ready to dive into hell.”
Semi public sex
to complain about boundaries after what you have put me through these past weeks?”
Cas sighed.
“I’m calling an ambulance.”
He knew Dean wouldn't hear the words in the way he meant them, but he was too tired to correct him.
They didn’t see the warmth in Cas’ eyes, the way he kept glancing at Dean as he put the car in gear, they didn’t see Dean’s grin or the way his thumb brushed the back or Cas’ hand the entire journey.
He didn’t cry every night.
"Naughty boys don't get to touch," he grabbed a handful of Dean's hair and used it to hold him in place as he shoved the belt between his lips and tied it securely around his head. He knew it would only be a partially successful gag, but this was about power, not practicality. He wanted to hear Dean groan.
If you're skipping angst then how are you following this story?
"Yes, Cas, anything for you."
All of the emotions
Dean half choked on a mouthful of beer and spluttered a laugh.
Dean rolled his eyes at the audible quotation marks but was cut off as Castiel kissed him with an intensity unlike anything the two had shared before. Their bodies were so close together that he could feel the angel’s erection pressed against his own through their clothes. He mentally laughed at his previous remarks about personal space. Cas somehow moved closer, tongue aggressively exploring Dean’s mouth, cutting off Dean’s train of thought. Dean sensed that was deliberate, damned angel telepathy. Cas nipped his lower lip then broke out of the kiss. Dean whined at the loss of contact, belatedly remembering that he needed to breathe.
Dean felt tears prickle at his eyes. How could Cas so casually dismiss the concepts that had been tormenting him his entire life?
"Happy fuckin' birthday to me." He muttered as he raised the glass to his lips.
The words were barely out of Dean’s mouth when the angel appeared, far too close for Dean’s liking.
He slowly walked around Dean, giving him a cruel moment of hope, before it was snatched away. He leant down, running his fingers up the back of Dean's neck, making him shiver, then whispered in his ear.
Dean almost laughed at that. You didn’t abandon things you wanted to keep, surely Sam knew that.
Dean grabbed Cas' hand, placed his gun in it, and forced his fingers to close.
Cas choked out a laugh, and Dean looked at him in confusion.
Dean sprang for the gun. It was inches from his hand, so freaking close, then Cas was upon him. How the hell had he moved that fast? He had him pinned to the floor, thighs straddling his waist and holding him down as he pressed the knife to his neck.
“You make a good point,” he rolled to the edge of the bed, groaning as he rose to a sitting position, “do you have any clothes I can borrow? Mine are kinda fucked.”
Unhealthy coping mechanisms
“So, what, better?” Dean seemed to be grinning, he could hear it in his voice, yet Cas could do nought but frown.
Took a fair bit after that for anyone to twig onto what happened. One minute she was there, the next she’d gone to the bathroom and there were gunshots from outside, and Dean had known they were screwed.
He dressed quickly, knowing that he could be jumped at any minute, determined to make the most of the morning he had thought he would never see. There was a lingering sense of melancholy, and he was worried for the consequences Cas might face having not killed him when he should, yet the light of a new day filled him with a buoyancy the likes of which he had seldom felt. It was sunny, and warmer than the previous weeks, the comfortable languor of summer releasing tensions that had plagued him for far too long. Perhaps it was the extra day, perhaps it was the likelihood of an impending end, but he felt good for the first time in years.
"Please..."
Castiel took a handful of his hair, yanking on it hard enough to bring tears to his eyes.
“Just fuck me and dump me in an alley already, I’m gettin’ sick of your shit dude.”
There were three new messages, but not from his grandfather. Sam's face grinned at him from the top of the screen, the little pixilated picture too bright in the dark house.
“Oh fuck, Cas.”
"Do you have any siblings?" He asked with a softness that seemed to be leading somewhere.
"I'll bear in mind your penchant for butt plugs on my next shopping expedition."
"Oh, ‘fore I forget, your brother called."
Dean laughed, turning to look at Cas. He was so pale. Dean bolted upright.
“And then with her in an hour or two, right?”
“Not going to kill me Dean? I’m disappointed.”
So that was how it was going to be.
“Gotcha brother of mine,” Gabe spoke cheerfully, before lowering his voice to stage whisper, “flour and bog roll it is.” He wiggled his eyebrows, mischief personified, and Sam honest to god giggled.
Dean woke on the morning of his birthday with a splitting headache, nothing new there; the half empty bottle of Jack on his nightstand had a lot to answer for. He grumbled as he slowly rose to his feet, only leaving the warmth of his bed because he needed painkillers, stat. He slouched to the kitchen and searched through the cupboards, only keeping one eye open, hoping that he could go back to sleep if he just kept as much light out of his eyes as possible. His hand finally landed on the pills, and he popped two into his mouth before filling a glass of water to wash them down.
He was stalling, he knew he was, avoiding increasing the sensation and risking ending it. Dean was panting into his mouth, cluelessly chasing the release he was being denied. He tried to meet the thrusts but Cas stilled him, wrapping his arms around his back and keeping everything safe.
“I would prefer if it was the other way around.”
Exhaustion and guilt warred with arousal, but as always guilt won out. He withdrew his hand. At least this way he was suffering for his crimes, in some strange sense. He fell into a restless sleep, that somehow did nothing to lessen the bone deep tiredness. Nothing ever did.
"Cas, I..." He looked up at Cas, and goddamn they were so close, closer than they'd ever been.
“If you are feeling amicable. It seems a shame to not have a little fun before you leave, given next time...”
“Yeah I’m well aware you big dork. What I’m saying is that I’ll do what I’ve gotta, but I don’t see why we gotta keep killing those hunter losers over this hellhole of a city. Don’t know if you’ve noticed but there’s a whole world out there, with plenty of people who need to buy drugs to forget about it. There are enough of us to take somewhere new, there won’t be for long if things keep going like they’ve been going.”
Dean was incapable of saying no to that.
Just stripping him down to the shirt felt like rendering him nude, all those clothes were so much a part of him. One more layer to go, he thought, he was never one to stop at the last hurdle. Of course getting the buttons undone was a damn sight more difficult than just shucking off layers and Dean found there was no way to do it that wasn't certain to wake the sleeping man. Still, he could get a peek. He slipped his fingers beneath the hem of the shirt, running them across the toned muscles of his torso and pulling the fabric up as he went. Yes, he was tanned all over, Dean noted with glee. And, was that a tattoo? Elegant black line work weaved an intricate pattern down both sides of his back, trailing down to dip beneath his belt. How much of him did it cover? Dean licked his lips and fully raised the shirt. It was all over and-
Dean did a freaking amazing job, if he did say so himself. He couldn’t help smiling, despite everything, as Sam did a horrifying, and not in the right way, zombie impression. Acting was never the kid’s strong suit. He didn’t care though, as the unfairly tall little twerp bounded along, doing about as good a job of looking dead as a hummingbird on its third cup of coffee, Dean found he couldn’t
“You wound me Cas, and here I thought you wanted me.”
"Now now, do not fight unless you truly want your freedom, otherwise you may find yourself getting it and losing what you desire."
"I believe family is supposed to forgive," Castiel was not the forgiving sort, and he did not truly possess a family, so he couldn't claim the statement was anything beyond a platitude.
His posture shifted, body readying for a fight.
The conversation was lighter after that, talking about small things, like normal people presumably did. Still, it was hard to forget the situation they were in, and the meal tasted dull on Cas’ tongue when he made the mistake of comparing it to the last supper. The future tainted the present, making it feel fleeting, a mockery of itself. All the same, it was a pleasant evening, strangely enough; Dean moaning at the taste of the food, eyes crinkling as he smiled. Cas’ heart skipped a beat one too many times, a fact that he steadfastly ignored. The lazy handjobs they exchanged once the meal was gone were also worryingly tame, in a way that spoke of warmth and comfort that simply could not exist between them. They could not be normal, it wasn’t their place.
“Fuck me,” he choked out, “but make it look real. You can’t hold back. Promise me.”
Dean put one of Cas’ arms around his shoulder, and manoeuvred him to his feet.
He waved away the laptop when it was offered, he could do this.
Dean was surrounded by bodies, shaking from adrenaline, not sure whose blood was covering him. He laughed at the concept of answering Bobby, of telling him anything. Bobby was wrong, of course. Everything had changed. There was no place for family in the life that he led.
“Don’t close your mouth,” he reprimanded, and slapped Dean hard across the face with his free hand.
He was miserable. He tried to hide it. He tried so hard to live his life and just not think. He drank a lot. He got a job and a dog and he was happy. He was okay.
(See the end of the chapter for
He could practically hear Sam shaking his head, but he didn't try to fight him this time.
“Personal space dude!”
“Be back by midnight!” Dean called after them, his words met by the slam of the door.
He hadn’t been looking where he was going, that was the mistake he had made. How the hell had he ended up somewhere so isolated? The buildings around him were abandoned, the streets silent, waiting. It was far too easy.
He’d been surprised when Jack told them, appearing on their doorstep in the dead of night, that he was simply human now. He hadn’t known that was possible, but the kid had no reason to lie. Jack would have brought Cas back already, if he could. It was hopeless, he supposed, and he just had to learn to live like this, with this truth that could never be spoken eating away at him, with an empty space where Cas should be. Alone. Always alone.
“I’m glad we- got that- cleared up.”
Uriel kicked Dean where he lay, aimed a gun at his head, glared at Castiel as his hands hung limply by his sides. He was still trying to think. He needed more time.
The afterglow faded and truth returned, both of their shoulders squaring and spines straightening. There was a job to be done.
His phone rang, just as Cas sat down across from him. He swiped decline, then turned off the phone for good measure. Sam couldn’t hear him die.
Tags for this chapter:
“I think, perhaps, you are already there,” Cas forced himself to stop examining all of those old wounds, he could not give Dean what he wanted if his heart broke any further. “You knew what would befall you should you fail to kill me, I cannot be merciful to a submissive who breaks the rules so brazenly.”
On the plus side, everyone is still alive by the end of the chapter (was that reassuring or even more worrying? You tell me)
The mirth faded from Cas’ expression.
“Or what?”
“For that you can have it. I’m Castiel.”
A nasty combination of subdrop and trauma
The final chapter
That was probably the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for him. He found himself drifting towards Cas, though he was fairly sure he hadn’t told his legs to move.
Castiel's finger shoved in fully, and Dean almost came right there. Goddamn that angel had a mouth on him, if he'd known that Cas could talk like this, Dean would have made a move a long time ago.
They were agreed on that. Dean didn't deserve anything that was going to happen tonight.
"Dean, if your incomplete sentence was you implying that you have no attraction to members of your own sex, then I believe it is necessary to remind you of the fact that I can, on occasion, hear your thoughts."
Cas growled when he came, streaking white across Dean's face and chest. Dean didn't flinch, or move, just blinked up at him, biting into the leather between his teeth. His submission was beautiful, now that his spirit had been so effectively broken, and Cas felt it must be rewarded. He undid the belt and pulled him into a kiss, dragging him up to his feet.
Sam had to drive the impala, now. Dean just slumped in the backseat, Cas’ seat, dejectedly staring at nothing. He’d tried, that first night, caressed the steering wheel in that far too tender way he always did, clutched at it as if it could
She laughed again, mocking, the sound sticking to Dean's skin like honey and razor blades.
“We both know I can’t get what I want,” Dean raised his head to glare at him, “at least stop pretending like this is normal for a damn second.”
Man, it was so weird.
"God damn it, how have I never seen this side of you before?"
Cas grinned somewhat manically at Dean, whose worry only seemed to increase, a fact that cut through the buzzing in his ears.
Cas rolled over with a groan, and Dean kissed the glare off his face, throwing a pillow in the general direction of the door when Sam and Gabe both started making gagging noises.
************************
It didn’t matter how much distance he put between himself and the rack, Alastair still had him, body and soul.
“Dean?” Cas quietly spoke a few minutes later, sleepiness having already overtaken Dean’s mind.
Cas looked affronted.
He should have said something.
“Okay, horror movies.” Cas announced determinedly, collapsing down on the bed and picking up his laptop.
He was practically hyperventilating. Shaking. So far from the cold killer he had always been.
He reached his arms around his world and held it tight, kept it safe, and somewhere in the bunker Dean did the same.
"You can't keep doing this, it'll destroy you like it destroyed Dad."
"Do you intend to rush this entire encounter to the extent you are hurrying the preface?"
In a whirl of movement they both reached for weapons, acting on well honed instinct. Cas had a knife in his hands before Dean could get to the gun discarded with his trousers, dammit why hadn't he put his clothes back on before perving on the sleeping angel? Still, it was a knife rather than a gun, a knife he could fight. Dean abandoned his clothing and lunged for Cas instead, who swiped with the knife and cut deep into his bare abdomen before Dean managed to knock it out of his hands, but he did manage to. It went skittering across the floor and they both grabbed for it. In the kerfuffle it got kicked under the bed somehow and they found themselves twined up in each other. They fought with fists now, punching and clawing at each other. Dean was impressed at the skill his opponent had, every movement was elegant and effective, but Cas wasn't the only one who knew how to fight. Dean kicked him hard enough to send him crashing into the wall (the same wall Dean had been pressed up against the night before. Dammit, now was not the time to get turned on) hard enough to break plaster. Cas was cut up and bloodied, vibrating with the menace of a jungle cat, but not put off his stride in the slightest. Yep, that was definitely hot.
Torture/Mutilation (Not graphic)
The lights flickered and Dean froze as a familiar wave of dread coursed through his veins. Cas cursed.
“Come back to me Dean.”
“Heya Samalamb, looking horrifying as always.” Gabe said, glancing up from his work.
Jack sat in the bunker with his family, a smile on his face with no discernable source. Maybe he was just happy. He hadn’t brought Cas back, not yet. He could, in an instant, but he was a better storyteller than that. In his three years he had watched so many movies, with Dean and Sam and Cas, and he knew that there was a pattern to these things. Three years old and already a better storyteller than his grandfather. He supposed age and wisdom had no correlation, it either was or was not.
Dean nodded begrudgingly.
“Then your family’ll be fucked.”
“Um, you know, to preserve my modesty.”
"Likewise," his voice was breathy, the words insubstantial, they both knew whose life was at risk.
“Now now Dean, it doesn’t do any good to scream.”
“I love you, I love you, I love you.”
"I love you. Shit, I always have. And, I want- I need us to be together. If you want, obviously, you can say no and I... I'll deal... Somehow. But, yeah, I'd like it if we could-"
Cas being generally scary
"Yesterday, before I fucked you until you cried," he knew that it was a taunt, a distraction, a ploy to make him do something stupid, but dammit it worked.
“No,” that was all he had. All he had in the world. The word no and all this pain.
Dean’s eyes caught on a hostel across the street. He shouldn’t, he knew he shouldn’t, and yet...
“You didn’t have to suffer that badly Dean. You are not the one who wants me dead.”
"No."
Cas echoed his previous statement.
He rolled his hips to make his point absolutely clear, Dean moaned and tried to pull him closer, but Cas didn't allow him to. He kept a careful distance between them now. Close enough that he could feel the heat from his body without getting any pressure where he needed it most. He continued to practically growl in his ear.
“Do you
He made his way to the bathroom, splashing his face with water then cupping his hands below the tap and taking several long gulps. It did nothing for the hangover, but at least his tongue had stopped sticking to the roof of his mouth. What the fuck was that taste anyway? He hadn’t gone out for cigarettes, he didn’t think so at least, so why did he feel like he’d smoked a whole pack? Freaking shitty whiskey. He probably ought to clean his teeth but he was ninety percent sure that if he did he would hurl. He drank a bit more water for good measure, glared at his reflection as if he could communicate with his past self and stop him drinking so freaking much, and stumbled back towards the bed. Lying back down felt like a herculean effort, but no chance in hell he was facing the day without at least another hour spent in bed, even if the chances of him sleeping were minuscule. He glared at the clock for a moment, as if that would ensure that no one called him out of hibernation until he was good and ready, then noticed something.
“Your protestations are immaterial in the face of treachery brother. Do not dare to deny fraternising with the enemy, I saw you kissing that filthy mongrel as you allowed him to live. Maintain what little respect I still have for you and confess your sins, now, before further action must be taken.”
“Only if you come with me.” Castiel raised an eyebrow suggestively. “Not what I meant, but it is now.” Dean smirked.
“Dean, you okay?” Sam’s worried voice through the door wasn’t enough to snap him out of it this time.
“What if I don’t want to forget about it?” He raised his eyes to look straight at Dean.
He didn’t want to play this game. It wasn’t fun anymore, he wasn’t sure it had ever been.
“I’m not fond of taking turns.”
Cas refused to return the sentiment, no matter how deeply he felt it. One of them had to be sensible here.
The alley next to Cas’ building was suitably cut off. Dean shrugged off the coat and braced himself.
Needles
He hung up before Gabe could say any more.
Home. Finally home.
“So, Deanie boy, are you going to talk today?”
Hair pulling
He gritted his teeth and pulled the impala into the garage, designed for a family. Baby looked small, lonely in all that space.
“True.”
Angst
“Is your self esteem really so low that you would choose death and damnation over pleasure?” He muttered the words, not really intending to speak them, more a thought than a true question.
Castiel had never liked Raphael, a part of him was glad to see him gone, but he knew appearances had to be maintained. He could pretend to grieve as a friend, his companions needn't know he celebrated the loss of an enemy, silently.
Cas couldn’t tell him the truth, so he levelled a glare at Gabe and stuck to safer topics.
Cas unbuckled Dean’s belt and pulled it off in one quick motion, Dean moaned as he used it to tie his hands together above his head. Cas kept his arms firmly pressed against the wall with one powerful hand as the other undid his trousers. He pulled Dean’s cock free of his underwear and silenced his gasp with another probing kiss, his hand sliding along Dean’s length as he did so.
They moved without thought, distantly hearing china crashing to the floor as their lips collided. After that he didn’t think he would have heard if a bomb had gone off. Every sense he had was focussed on Cas’ hands in his hair, the wild movement of lips and tongue, the little sounds of breath shared between them, the unique smell of Cas (something electric and primal), the taste of coffee and need. If either of them had a brain cell left unoccupied perhaps they would have taken their chance to strike, but they didn’t, they were consumed entirely.
"Your parents are dead?"
"Oh? What did you get him?" Sam crossed the room in two steps, like the giant that he was, and leaned over to look into the box. Sam snorted in laughter as he saw the delicate fabric. Dean's brain finally caught up with what was happening, and he slammed the lid back onto the box, belatedly trying to hide it behind his back.
Cas took off the rest of his clothes quickly, just standing there for a moment as Dean let his eyes roam over the expanse of exposed skin. He was perfect, tan and solid with so much more muscle than could be seen through the coat. He swallowed down the saliva filling his mouth before it could soak too fully through the gag.
It didn’t matter if Sam thought Dean was scared to go through the graveyard in the dark, pride wasn’t important, not now. He
Cas smiled far too innocently.
"There is little usual about my family," that had to be the understatement of the millennium.
Dean Winchester wasn’t scared of anything.
Cas looked crushed.
Cas lowered the gun. What was the point without Dean? Just more death, the never ending cycle of blood for blood.
Dean's knees gave beneath him, which made it far easier for Cas to hoist him over his shoulder. Dean let out an undignified squawk and pummelled against the back of his captor. Cas bit down on his thigh, hard enough to leave tooth marks, and he went limp. There was no point in fighting, not yet anyway.
“I can see how you’ve suffered,” Cas ran his fingers over the scars as he exposed them, so numerous that they merged into one another and the tally he’d been trying to make became impossible to keep, “the trials that you have endured, it’s enough to break any man, and yet you keep on begging for more.”
"So what's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?" Dean grinned as he leaned an elbow on the bar.
“Shh, don’t pout, it’ll wreck the makeup.” Gabe grinned.
Dean whined, breathlessly following it up with; "stop teasing me man."
Sam and Gabe both stared at him, before breaking into laughter.
"You can't."
“You look very scary Sam.” Dean was grateful for the lie, he didn’t think Sam could look scary to save his life, but the compliment made his smile widen.
He threw the door open, angry retort at the ready as he swayed in the doorway. His words froze on his lips as he saw Castiel standing there.
Dean rolled his eyes far too fondly.
Cas chuckled.
Sam didn’t care to watch it happen.
“N- no,” Cas pulled harder on the hair, stopping just shy of yanking it from its roots, “sir.” Cas smiled darkly and relaxed his hold.
No one made Dean nervous like Cas, his jokes always hit a little too close to home. If they were jokes. They were probably jokes, right? No way he meant anything by them, and Dean didn’t want them to mean anything, couldn’t want them to.
He couldn’t have said who came first, but he was sure that they both came hard, so hard that he barely managed to stay upright, and Cas hung, deadweight, from the ceiling, neither of them taking up the strain with their bodies.
“We all die in the end, you might as well say there is no point in talking to anyone.”
He turned up to his scheduled meeting with Samuel, having willed the erection to chill a little, with a smile on his face. Samuel narrowed his eyes at him, clearly not trusting Dean's uncharacteristically good mood, but it didn't dim his elation. He did a quick mental check to ensure he wasn't walking funny or anything, which seemed entirely possible given how thoroughly fucked out he was, and relaxed when he found everything in order.
It wasn’t fair. Hearing it said out loud just strengthened his certainty that it wasn’t enough, it would never be enough. A million potential futures, snatched away the second they became possible. Dean deserved to be happy god damn it!
He paced the house, closing all the curtains, making sure the doors were locked, just wandering after that. It was surreal, being back here after all this time. He felt like a stranger in his own home, even as the house itself felt strange with all those absences.
"You're not supposed to."
"Please," Dean breathed like it was a prayer, and Cas felt himself getting dangerously close himself.
Cas raised an eyebrow and Dean ducked his head. He didn't need to answer, Dean would do as he was told.
No, Dean couldn't go there. He couldn't allow himself to hope. Cas was a freaking miracle, how could Dean compete with that? It would be greedy and stupid to ask for more than the astronomically unlikely gift of his friendship. Then again, Dean always had been greedy and stupid (not that he could say so in front of Cas, Cas would have told him off for calling himself names, and probably given him a long speech about the purity of his soul or some shit).
Cas started dishing out soup, placing a bowl on the table in front of Gabriel, who pushed it away with a shake of his head.
“What did you do to Dean?”
“Stop talking.”
“You want me to carry on.” Cas stated. Dean nodded again. “I need you to say it.” The love behind the words forced Dean to speak.
"Hey, Cas, it's been a fun ride but we both knew it was going to end this way."
He needed to calm down. The fight had left him jittery and keyed up. Fuck, he was mourning something he'd never really had. It wasn't a relationship, it was sex and lies of omission. Or was he mourning in advance? Surely they could only avoid each other for so long. Lawrence wasn't big enough for that. They'd run into each other one of these days and then one of them would wind up dead, over what? Gang affiliations and some stupid freaking tattoos? Talk about Romeo and Juliet style fuckery. Of course that would imply that there was an emotional level to their relationship, which there wasn't, there freaking wasn't!
Sam ran a hand through his hair, a nervous habit that only seemed to get worse as his hair grew longer, and took a deep breath.
"Now now Dean, you know that's not the correct thing to do. Relax."
"And no, before your mind spirals any further, I am not even remotely judging you for your preferences. I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, why would I care about something as trivial as gender?"
There was this energy, this freaking weird charged silence, like the world was waiting. He didn't know what to do with it. It wasn't even like he and Cas were spending any more time together, in fact Cas almost seemed to be avoiding him. He was hiding something, Dean had known him long enough to tell, but then, there was always something hidden between them. Maybe that was all it was, everything that went unspoken filling the empty hallways, telling them that, if there was ever going to be a time, it was now.
How could he when his eyes were covered? How was Cas here? He hadn’t been here last time, this had been before-
They hurriedly climbed down the ladder, Dean determinedly keeping his eyes off the other boy’s ass, and raced into the bedroom. Dean started salting the doors while Cas sorted through his mother’s jewellery. He didn’t do it fast enough, and the ghost shoved him to the floor.
Cas chuckled, getting caught up in the game despite himself.
“We can-“
Dean took pity on him. The worried look on his face was far too endearing.
"Please what, pet?"
Dean swallowed, ducking his head with something resembling shame.
Angst
Dean ungraciously conceded the point.
He made it last, but not as long as he usually would have. He came deep inside Dean, allowing himself mere seconds to revel in the sensation before he pulled out and moved down Dean’s body, taking Dean’s swollen length into his mouth and sucking hard.
Castiel shook his head, knowing what was being asked of him was impossible.
No tears, not now. Never again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on Sam, reckon you’ve got plenty of sweets by now, but if you wanna keep going we can go back out after-“
Castiel was beautiful, the attraction too strong to ignore, but Dean knew it could never become anything more than a fantasy. He was broken, and if it had been bad with women, it would surely be far worse with a man. He pretended not to see the yearning looks, pretended not to feel his heart flip every time he heard his voice, or their bodies momentarily brushed together, but he could only pretend for so long.
Dean grinned.
Tags for this chapter:
He swore to himself that, when he knocked a glass off the counter on his approach, it was absolutely, completely, accidental.
“I would be able to answer that if you were not refusing to tell me what happened to you back there, as it is my information is limited and so too shall be my diagnosis.”
“That will likely make things far too emotionally complicated,” he feared that ship had sailed, but he had to at least try to make Dean see sense.
“God don’t enter into this.”
Dean snuck glances at Castiel out of the corner of his eye as he sipped a fresh cup of coffee. He squeezed his hand tighter under the table, sending him a smile as the angel shifted ever so slightly closer in his seat.
“Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” Cas didn’t miss a beat.
He reached out, firm hands taking hold of Dean’s shoulders and shoving him to his knees on the filthy concrete.
Really really stupid decisions
Dean kept his eyes on the bottle.
"You like pain too much, I am not going to give it to you," not yet at least. "I think, instead, you need to learn some patience," yes, that was a good excuse for his reticence. That way he could put off hurting Dean a little longer.
Dean put his hands on Cas' cheeks, wiping away the tears that he didn't know had spilled, and pulled him into a kiss. Cas' arms wrapped around his neck, the gun's presence weighing heavily on his heart. They kissed like it was the last time, which he supposed it was, communicating all of the words they had never spoken. It would be far too painful to say them now. He would never tell Dean he loved him, god that was terrible, he hoped that at least he knew. The kiss was infinite, and then it was over, and Dean was pulling away, and that gun, that stupid hunk of metal and machinery, was held between them.
“Yes sir.”
He didn’t keep a gun under his pillow anymore. If death came he would let it. What was the point anymore? He was the loose thread. Everyone else was happy, everyone else had found a purpose or happiness or love. He was lost. He had lost everything.
“Think.”
“Just, the way you phrased that!” He was no less confused. “You see, in the Italian-“
“Okay, yeah, you’re right. Happy Halloween.” Dean breathed.
“Then leave me alone. Everyone else has.”
Nope, he was not going to use the phrase 'making love' like some smitten teenager.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Borderline erotic asphyxiation
Cas hit him in the stomach with a, thankfully cold and empty, saucepan. Before Dean could recover from the blow he wrapped his hands around his wrists and pinned him to the counter, prying the gun from him and throwing it aside. Anger and hurt flashed across his face, before understanding dawned and his expression hardened.
Dean nodded his head, giving Cas the permission he somehow needed. Cas kissed him, threading his fingers through Dean's where they were bound above his head, and slowly pushed in. He wished he could untie him and be touched in return, but knew that was far too dangerous, he would have to be content with the calloused fingers stroking the backs of his knuckles. He clung to him so hard he thought he might break, forcing himself to continue to move.
He popped some painkillers and left the house in yesterdays clothes. Why did it matter if they were just going to wind up covered in blood and in the bin again? Fuck, the clothes in the bin. He’d forgotten all about them. He turned on his heel and went back inside, panic rising in his chest as he strode across the room, his stomach plummeting to his boots when he realised that the bin was empty.
“I’m here pet.”
There was a knock on the door, distantly forcing itself into his consciousness. He ignored it, eyes glued to the technicolor safety blanket, not ready to return to the real world in all its imperfection.
“Oh, it
“I’m sorry,” he whispered when Dean collapsed to the floor.
Sam had taken Jack on some kind of "glad you didn't die, let’s kill your social life" road trip around all the dorkiest bookshops in the US (after he made the startling discovery that Jack had never read a novel in his, admittedly short, life), and the other hunters were all off who knew where (Sam. Sam knew. Freaking overprotective weirdo) and somehow it had wound up just Dean and Cas, alone, in the bunker, living together. They'd been living together for years, it shouldn't have been any different, shouldn't have been weird.
“Cas.” He leaned after him as the angel straightened up, the distance between them seeming infinite.
Cas crowded him up against the wall, lining up their bodies and breathing heavily in his ear.
Cas turned him around, pressing him back against the desk, bodies firm against one another. Dean winced slightly at the hard surface against his ass, before he squared his shoulders and regained control of his features.
"How could you Ruby? I thought you... I thought we-"
Mary, it always came back to Mary. Even after all this time she was seemingly all Samuel cared about. He didn’t care about Dean, that much he knew without a doubt. Never had. Never would. He'd be sad about it if he didn't hate the bastard so damn much.
“Am I?” Cas felt his own head. “I suppose I must have landed harder than I thought. Can we please get rid of this ghost so we can sit down and watch horror movies?”
Pain, so much pain, it was swallowing him whole. He writhed, kicked, bit. It did no good. There was no escape, no end, no reprieve.
"I am truly sorry but this is going to get nasty."
“Like this.” Castiel pulled his face to his and kissed him tenderly. “Just think, I’ll hear.” He closed his mouth on his again, softly moving his lips over Dean’s. Dean closed his eyes, and remembered, remembered every little detail he didn’t know how to say, couldn’t say. The kiss sweetened with every awful thought, like Cas was trying to lick away the pain, letting out slight whimpers at the worst of it. Dean didn’t know how long they stayed like that, Cas’ lips seemed to stop time, but when they eventually separated Dean felt dazed like he’d woken from a dream.
Dean crossed the room, tightly gripping Cas' arms and shaking him slightly, the desperation in his eyes causing Cas' smile to fade. Returning him to reality.
Angst
Dean raced down the street, in hot pursuit of a familiar mop of dark hair, the trench coated figure who had found his way into Dean’s dreams for the past week. He flew around a corner, only to find himself pinned against a wall, the contact sending sparks across his vision.
“Please, stay.”
Hands cupped his face, those strong hands, warming him with their glow.
“Cas, it sounds almost like you’re breaking up with me.”
“That way,” he pointed at the door Balthazar had left through and Cas’ heart sank. “You’re not really going to abandon me for some piece of-”
His phone rang in his pocket. Dean tried to ignore it, let it ring out, determinedly keeping going as the classic rock song blared from his tinny speakers. The noise finally stopped and Dean sighed, focus returning, the pleasure mounting again. The damned thing rang again. Dean swore and grabbed his phone.
“We can’t do this here.”
"You will pay dearly for this."
“So I’m right.”
Dean watched in fascination as Cas drew a line of stars up one of his arms, making constellations on his skin. The black ink slowly transforming the boy's body was far more interesting than whatever equation the teacher was droning on about. Fuck he hated school. The only reason he turned up at all was the threat of expulsion, and the knowledge of what his father would do to him if he was kicked out of another school. Well, that wasn't strictly true, there was also Cas, Cas who had drawn pictures for him when he'd turned up with yet another split lip, more hidden bruises. Cas who'd held him tight when his father disappeared, again, leaving him all alone. Cas who was the only person besides Dean who Sammy ever hugged. Yes, Cas was worth enduring this hell hole for.
“Fine! I’ll go out with you.”
“And you never told anyone?” Cas’ voice was soft in his ear.
Blood and general violence
“I’m not saying boss man doesn’t have some very sound ideas, alls I’m suggesting is that he’s perhaps not prioritising what’s important nowadays. I mean, Cassio, you’re killing every which way and centre, and the numbers still aren’t coming up even. Which is all kindsa wrong anyway since those numbers are our brothers and sisters dying, and their brothers and sisters on the other side. People are people, and land is just land.”
He didn't cry when Samandriel died, but it ate away at him further, the misery on the faces of his brothers driving him to anger rather than despair. This was Michael’s fault, as much as it was the fault of the hunters, probably more so. Where was he anyway? He seemed almost to have done as much of a disappearing act as Castiel’s father had so long ago, the occasional phone call all that told him he was still alive. Still, Castiel would be a good soldier, because otherwise his life would be forfeit. He knew such an eventuality would send the dominoes tumbling, Gabriel at the very least would follow after, likely others too. He would protect his wayward brother, at all costs, even as he yearned for the arms of the enemy. The enemy whose calls he ignored, who filled his voicemail with messages he couldn’t bear to hear.
“Does it matter?”
God, had Sam stayed with her this whole time knowing what she’d done? Dean wasn’t worth that. He should have just killed her the second he found out. That’s what Dean would have done.
“Are you-“ Dean broke off as he gasped for breath, Cas biting down hard on his collar bone, “are you going to punish me then?”
“Well, apparently there is.”
"Dean-"
“It’s been playing up all day.”
“This doesn’t mean anything.”
He wouldn’t think about it. He absolutely would not dwell on the way he had followed that boy around for weeks, or the way his heart had raced every time he smiled at him, or how utterly crushed he had felt when Nick had turned around and laughed at him, when he’d found out that it had all been a cruel joke. Dammit, he was thinking about it.
“You two are disgusting.” Dean turned in surprise at Gabriel’s voice, pulling away from Cas, only to instantly return his arms to steady him as he began to sway again.
“I just want him back. I just need to tell him. Why didn’t I tell him Sam? Three words and I fucking couldn’t and now-“ Dean had ripped his head away from the wall in his rage to turn to look at Sam, only for his words to die out in a strangled sort of noise at what he saw.
“Only where you’re concerned.”
“Well… I- I, ” Dean stuttered, not sure if it was the angel’s words or the look in those dazzling blue eyes that was leaving him speechless.
“If you don’t wanna, do, whatever, that’s okay. I wouldn’t hold it against you, but you know I- I always-”
Dean summoned all the strength he had left and spat in the face of his angel. Cas stared at him for a moment, wiping the spit away while shock turned to fury. Dean relaxed in his hold. Good, fury was good.
He turned, knowing without seeing, but needing to see nonetheless.
"You are scheduled for death, those are the orders. It's nothing personal, if that is of any consolation."
“Ain’t neither of us going to win.”
“All he needs to do, Dean my dearie, is hear. If he’s awake he can free himself from that terrible beastie, he’s a resourceful boy. You’ll get him back, I’m sure of it. Dinnae worry yerself over it,” a reassuring touch, fingers through his hair, and a sending off.
“I-“ Dean’s sentence was thankfully cut off by sirens outside.
“No?” Cas showed no signs of comprehension, his eyes still seethed with murderous rage.
Cas shook his head.
Uriel scowled at him, arms crossed over his chest as he made use of every inch of his excessive height to look down on him.
God, he must look like such a weirdo. He didn’t want to scare Cas off, but he couldn’t be complacent, not when there was something bigger at stake.
"I..."
Hell was almost a homecoming. Dean had felt the irony, the bookends. Then Cas had come for him and changed what it meant to burn. Blue flame, burning behind his eyes, barely hidden by the thin veil of human flesh. A handprint, a branding, and a shift. The fire had always raged between them and when they found the bunker, when Dean found his home, he didn’t realise that it was Cas who made it so.
“Yeah yeah, I’m on m’ way,” he shouted in the vague direction of the offending party.
"Please what, Dean? You will have to be more specific."
The freaking liar! He had definitely promised not to drag up that particular humiliating experience again. He still didn’t know what had been going on in his head, where that obsession had come from. Well, that was a lie, but he refused to voice it.
“Can I please call that ambulance?!”
“We have not been making googly eyes.” Cas sent a somewhat bleary glare in Gabe’s direction, apparently he wasn’t able to stand upright, but he was still absolutely capable of conducting an argument with his brother, a fact that Dean found almost painfully endearing; in the small part of his brain that wasn’t solely occupied by worry.
“Outside. I would rather not have to carry you through my building.”
“If I wish to be kind, for whatever brief time I may, surely that would be my choice on any normal encounter.”
Bondage
“Does she know?”
"Dean," Castiel said sternly. A simple warning, which he was glad seemed to be effective.
“Damn Cas, when did you get so domineering?” His laugh was not quite genuine, and he could see Cas take note of that fact. The trail of kisses he pecked down his chest was soft, comforting. Dean calmed beneath his touch.
Cas clenched his jaw, hands falling to his sides.
"You're welcome, Dean." Cas nodded, the understanding clear in his eyes, those beautiful, blue eyes, so old and wise that Dean couldn't even begin to comprehend the things they must have seen.
Alcohol abuse
Dean let out a breath he didn't even know he'd been holding, and the shaking slowly stopped, Cas peppering his skin with kisses, so much more gentle than he'd been before.
Cas nodded grimly then proceeded to give Dean a thorough, if carefully aimed, beating. Every thud of fist against flesh sickened him and he just had to keep telling himself it needed to be done, because otherwise he wouldn’t have had the strength to carry on. This was better than killing him, wasn’t it?
Dean picked up a roll of duct tape from a duffel bag that was on the grimy concrete floor and placed a strip of it over his mouth. He kissed him over the tape, something thrilling about the feel of his lips beneath the plastic. Cas made a low sound deep in his throat and Dean knew he was every bit as aroused by the predicament as Dean was.
“We both are.”
“Have I mentioned you’re cute when you’re grumpy?”
Cas somehow managed to shrug nonchalantly, even while trussed up.
Dean nodded mutely and practically ran out of the classroom, tripping over his feet in his haste to leave.
Rough sex
“No, no, no, no,” he was crying the words, begging for mercy as much as answering the question, and Alastair knew as much.
He didn’t care.
“Are we clear, Dean?” The words were as soft as the actions were harsh and Dean hated it with every fibre of his being. Why wouldn’t he stop asking for permission? He needed him to stop.
Sam being tragically dogless (also miserable, but 1+1, you know?)
“You’re strong enough to reach, right?” He somehow managed to grin, grabbing the bag and backing away further.
Cas stubbed out the joint and sauntered away, ignoring Dean's cries of outrage as he went.
Cas didn't seem to mind, so why not take it a little further? Dean (not so subtly) scooched closer until their bodies were lined up against one another. Cas looked at him again, expression soft, only lit by the glow of the TV screen, and pulled his hand away. Dean swallowed, returning his hand to his lap where it should have damn well stayed, about to scooch the hell away. Cas' arm wrapped around him, hand on the shoulder where he had once held him tight as he raised him from the pit. Dean shuddered, that full body shake that accompanies the knowledge that you're about to change your life forever, and paused the film.
"That's not usually a difficult question to answer Cas."
Ah, if only he had that option.
"Would you like me to slow down?" The fingers were removed and Dean sobbed at the loss.
***************************
Cas smiled, with the satisfaction of a cat who just caught a mouse, and spoke one deadly syllable.
Dean sighed, incapable of putting up any more of a fight, not when he was this hungry.
"What's wrong?" Cas asked, taking another drag then passing the joint back.
Cas indulgently watched the exchange, having learnt from experience that it was safest not to interrupt the bickering.
believe that it is appropriate for
"I believe I am missing something." Cas mused, and Dean turned back to face him.
“You comin’ or what?”
He might as well have been a demon, now, the biblical kind. He was lost. He knew that, deep down. There were moments of clarity, moments where he saw what he was doing and wanted to run from the monster he had become. He told himself he would stop, put away his knives, looked up colleges and remembered the old dreams, the childhood dreams. He vowed to become a fireman, like he’d said he would, before dreams had been replaced with nightmares and sleepless nights. He thought of Sam, who he heard from Bobby was studying to be a lawyer, following the path he’d described to Dean so long ago. He relapsed, again and again. He barely made it a week.
It was only when his stomach started to grumble at the tenth house they’d visited that he realised he’d eaten nothing all day. It had been Dad’s turn to shop, so of course they had nothing in the house. He gritted his teeth, mood slightly soured by the realisation that he was starving, and probably would be until the shops opened the next day, if there was even any money left for that. Sweets would only go so far, and despite the offer, he really didn’t want to take anything from Sam. Someone should be happy on Halloween. Dean certainly wasn’t going to be, not when he was keeping his eyes peeled for the trouble he was sure would find them, spine tingling with the knowledge that if any night was dangerous for a Winchester, it was tonight.
“Just try not to get arrested this time.”
Cas pressed a kiss to his cheek, and Dean froze, his mind whirring to a halt, or rather cracking into a million tiny little pieces.
Dean swallowed again.
“Could you just... be there? As backup or something?” He looked more like himself again, which Dean couldn’t help but be grateful for.
“Are you trying to goad me into killing you Dean? Because I should tell you now, that will not work.”
"You should have stayed away."
Castiel raised an eyebrow, and stopped what he was doing half way through unbuttoning his shirt. Dean cursed.
“Was it Ruby?”
“Please, don’t stop. I need…” Cas nodded now, Dean didn’t need to finish the sentence, Cas knew what he wanted to say.
“There is a big difference between accidentally sleeping with the enemy and deliberately doing so.”
"When did you figure it out?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighed.
“What you’re best at. I have a list of names, you can do the rest.”
“Touch me,” Dean pleaded, eyes wide, hips rolling slightly.
Dean made a concerted effort to stop swaying, but quickly realised it was a doomed pursuit. He sighed.
“I do not recall ever making such a promise.”
He couldn’t go down to the dungeon anymore. He avoided that room with one excuse or another. Sam was the nerdy one, he could get the files, that was why it was. He wasn’t scared, didn’t fear the dark would come for him and never let him go, or tempt him with some cruel ghost of what could have been.
“I could do anything I wanted to you, and no one would come to save you. No one’s stepped foot in this building in years, the fence around the property is far enough from the building that no one would hear you scream,” Dean chuckled, “even if you could scream. You are utterly at my mercy.”
“Cas, you’re not well.”
Gabe took Sam’s hand, patting it reassuringly. Dean looked suspiciously at the flour covering both of their clothes.
“Dean,” there was no need for hellos anymore, hello with its possibility of goodbye, just a single word, the one that truly mattered.
“Don’t call me Cassie.”
"Very well,” the sorrow was a brief flicker on his brow, before it was replaced with a coolly burning fury, “if that is the path you choose."
“No, Dean, it’s fine.”
“We’ll find a way.”
Cas reached under his body and stroked Dean's cock through the fabric, Dean jerked at the unexpected pleasure, thrusting into the hand, chasing forward in an attempt to find more friction. He could feel his pleasure mounting, and was beginning to think that Cas had decided to make him come like this, when the hand cruelly pulled away. He whined and tried to rut against the bed, but a strong hand clamped down on his hip, stilling his aching body.
He was the one who should have died.
Yes, Ruby had been good at her job, but not nearly as good as Dean would become. He'd probably hit a record at some point, most evil skanks shanked (heh, try saying that three times fast) by a single hunter, probably broken it too. While Sam hadn't been able to look, Dean didn't seem to be able to look away. That was probably why Sam couldn't bear him now, he had become the horror that Sam so despised. Everyone had to cope somehow, Dean would keep telling himself that his coping mechanism was no worse than anyone else's until his dying breath.
scared, so it wasn’t a lie, just a half truth. Yet another half truth. One last Halloween, two if he was lucky, then Sam would understand.
Dean snorted.
Cas leaned into him, breathing heavily against Dean’s neck, inching further and further into his space.
Barebacking
Hopefully it would be enough to spare Dean, hopefully it was believable, hopefully his gang was not cruel enough to punish defeat with death. He hoped that the familial line would at the very least shield him from that. He could do nothing more than hope.
“How long?”
“I never said that.”
A hand fisted in his hair and pulled him up, as far as his restraints would allow. Dean flinched, blood trickling down his chest and tears refusing to obey him as they leaked from his eyes.
The next time he saw Cas the perturbed look in the angel’s eyes seemed to belie Dean’s earlier assessment of the situation, a slight shift away from their usual intense focus on Dean’s face, a hint of a question that the angel clearly didn’t know how to voice. Oh, he’d seen the message. Dean’s lip twitched slightly at the discomfort he sensed there, but said nothing of it.
“Don’t you?”
Samuel glared at him, before rolling his eyes and returning to business.
“You’re not in charge Urinal, and Michael isn’t around, no harm in talking.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He kicked the nearest body, picked up his bone saw, and began dividing the corpses into neat little segments.
He had no choice.
Dean shifted, trying to subtly adjust his pants, an attempt that clearly failed miserably as the other man's gaze followed the movement, before he returned to staring into Dean’s eyes as if he could see what was behind them.
“’Cause you’ll wind up dead ya’ idjit! I can’t bury another Winchester.”
“Cas,” Dean slumped on the floor, limbs shaking too hard to kneel.
“Bitch.” Dean grinned.
how he had wanted to spend the evening.
“Humour me. How long?”
Dean had already read them before he made the choice not to. Maybe he was drunker than he thought.
Cas was mere inches away, smiling at the wide eyes, the uneven breathing, the despair. He breathed in the smell of fear, soon to be washed away by the rain, wiped clean.
Dean opened his eyes, only now realising he had closed them, looking up to meet twinkling eyes, a mischievous smile. So much warmth in those eyes.
“Do you not think that the danger we would face, should our respective gangs find out, is too great a risk to take for nothing more than hedonistic pleasure?”
Dean winked at him and Cas realised he'd been staring. He shook his head, as if that would rid him of his sinful thoughts, and gratefully took the bottle when it was returned to him.
He pulled the door open. Cas was frowning, confusion and worry fighting for dominance in the angel’s expression.
He jumped at least a foot in the air and spun to face the intruder, recognising the voice even as he reached for a weapon.
"When you left," the words were sharp, and the inhale on the other end of the line told him they had cut deep. Good.
God, the effect he had on him was so strong. Dean didn’t hook up with the same person twice, that had been his rule, but he couldn’t let this one go. He needed Cas inside of him, needed to hear that voice growling commands in his ear.
"Kneel," he commanded so firmly that Dean didn't even try to resist, scurrying to follow his orders the second Cas released him.
“Save me,” Dean whispered, so quietly that Cas suspected he hadn’t been expected to hear it. He could practically hear the way the words made something inside him snap.
Dean woke up to a pounding head and an empty bed. He slowly separated his face from the pillow it seemed to have fused with overnight and looked around the room. There was no sign that Cas had been there. He sighed, wondering if he’d imagined the whole thing, fuck knows he’d been drunk enough.
Cas smiled and snuggled into his side.
Dean didn’t take long to remember
Blatant overuse of everything emo
Dean made a break for it the second Cas let him land on the bed. He made it about a foot before Cas had him again. The freaking weirdo apparently had some kind of strap system hidden under his bed because Dean was down and tied tight before he could even process what was happening. He fought the bonds and found them unbreakable.
***************************
Dean narrowed his eyes at the angel, internally debating whether it would be worth spitting out the gag in order to snap that it was none of his damn business how many sex toys Dean may or may not possess. Unfortunately the glare only proved to be the final straw, and Cas gave up completely on holding back the laughter.
“Why would you make me do that if you knew the effect it would have on you?”
************************
The pressure on his back was released and he heard a zipper being done up. Holy shit had he been clothed the entire time? A new flash of arousal went through him at the thought. He caught a flash of trench coat as it whisked towards the door and he sluggishly turned onto his back, fighting limbs that had gone limp to raise himself up on his elbows.
“That’s not really something people-“
Tags for this chapter:
“I also never said I didn’t- like it the other way around on occasion.” Cas gasped as Dean gripped his nipples hard, pulling and twisting.
The angel lowered himself onto the bed, body draping gently over Dean's.
“I’m not hurt Cas. I’m… I’m great. I just… I’d needed that for so long…” The tears that had begun to let up flowed down his cheeks once again. Dean turned his face away, feeling shame redden his face as his senses returned. Cas sat back down beside him, pulling him up with the lightest of touches, then brought his face to his and kissed the tears away. Dean leant into the angel’s touch and kissed him softly, slowly, and completely honestly.
Sam had to look after his brother now, make sure he ate, make sure he got dressed in the morning. He didn’t seem to notice the little things anymore, there was always this glazed over look on his face, like he was still hearing Cas’ confession, a loop playing in his head that drowned out everything else.
“Look, I’ve done this before, I know it sounds nuts, but there are things out there, things that-“
Castiel stabbed him in the gut, a narrow incision but deep. It would kill him, slowly. The hunter coughed up blood, pain twisting his expression.
“You made me pie.”
What he hadn't expected was Cas sliding his seat closer, leaning in, and pressing soft lips to his neck. Cas very deliberately blew warm air on his ear and Dean shivered at the sensation. He turned his head, more desperate than he was willing to admit, and Cas half climbed into his lap as he licked whiskey from his mouth. Dean didn't trust it, he couldn't trust it, couldn't believe that Cas was the forgiving type. Still, it was good, so good he couldn't stand it. When Cas pulled him up from the seat by the collar of his shirt and lead him into an empty corridor he almost forgot to be scared.
Cas was right. He definitely deserved to be punished, just not for reasons that he could possibly suspect.
“I’m leaving,” Dean sat up and tried to follow through on his threat, but dizziness overtook him and he collapsed back to the bed. “In a minute, after I recover from all the blood you drained from me you goddamn vampire freak.”
Castiel looked at him, x-ray eyes making Dean feel far too exposed.
MCR flashbacks
“Casti- that’s quite a name.”
“Why are you following me?” That deep husky voice growled at him, before his eyes widened in recognition and the arm pressed against his throat released.
"Of what?"
"Missing."
He had to get out of here.
Now he couldn’t stop saying the words. He was sure they’d replaced his heartbeat, pounding in his chest all day every day, muttered under his breath and screamed at the sky. He didn’t care if Sam heard them, or Jack or Chuck or Lucifer, he had no room left for anything but those words, saw nothing but blue fire and swallowing blackness.
“You’ve seen the scars. You know. Why do I need to say it?”
“I did not.” Cas grinned back and playfully slapped Dean’s bare behind. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”
It wasn’t supposed to be a gang thing. Just some brotherly (plus one pesky girlfriend who would not leave the kid’s side) bonding time over burgers and pie, or salad in Sam’s weird ass case.
“Goodbye Gabriel.”
Dean felt his neck straining against the metal and smiled softly. He leaned forward, cutting his airway off further, and tenderly brushed his lips against Cas’, losing oxygen as Cas reciprocated. His vision was darkening, but he gave himself a moment longer, hanging onto the end.
"Underwear." Cas stated obliviously, and Dean gawked at his clueless expression. "I thought he might like to change up his closet."
“Do not attempt to deceive me Dean. We both know you have never been modest in your life.”
“This is ridiculous.”
"He ain't doing so well. The shit that went down with that Ruby chick's got him all messed up. If you ain't gonna answer me you should at least call him. Your brother needs you."
Amara screamed and went up in flames. Dean gasped in air, collapsing back to the floor.
“Dude, once we’ve got rid of this ghost, I’m helping you.” Cas’ expression was a mixture of gratitude and guilt, and Dean just wanted to give him a hug. He wondered how long his parents had been away this time, he knew that look far too well, he saw it in Sammy’s eyes every time their father disappeared on a hunt, and he knew it was reflected in his own. “I’m sure it’ll be easy enough to find. Do you know what it looks like?”
Those intense eyes moved deliberately as they looked him up and down, lingering in a way that made Dean feel like he was being touched all over. He swallowed as an appraising eyebrow was raised, the corner of the stranger’s mouth quirking at the question.
Tags for this chapter:
Cas frowned.
"Yes sir," Dean said quietly, practically running back to his car now that the necessary amount of conversation was over. He had cut it off quickly, perhaps suspiciously so, but he couldn't bring himself to worry about that now. The fear in his eyes had been far more dangerous. He sat down heavily behind the wheel, the action driving the plug deep into him. He groaned, resting his head on the wheel, and tried to breathe.
“I have been gentle for you Dean, but do not think I cannot be rough.”
Cas fucked with the same determination he took on most things in life. Each thrust was hard and fast, going deep, because, fuck, he was big. Dean tried to focus on breathing, as each movement punched the air right out of him. Cas shifted their positions, pulling Dean up and towards him, now pummelling directly into his prostate. Dean writhed on the bed, no longer capable of holding back the whimpers and moans that spilled out of his mouth.
"What do you want me to do?" He mumbled, head still ducked, as if he was reading the things he already knew.
“This is a family establishment,” the waitress said with a distinct air of snark. Probably pissed that Cas was taken. Dean bared his teeth in a cross between a grin and a snarl, close to staking his territory right there in the diner.
“How was that?” Cas eventually asked, moving away to see Dean’s expression.
“Don’t ask stupid questions. Get into my bed Dean Winchester.”
“You shouldn’t.”
Angst
Dean took a moment to think, knowing that the angel, his angel, would allow him that. His angel. This wasn't some monster, something evil, trying to hurt him. This was Cas.
The radio turned on, static filling the kitchen.
His face was cruelly yanked around, his eyes forced open with firm fingers.
“You know I’m not gonna stop Cas. Don’t matter how good you fuck me or how much I wish I didn’t have to, I do my damn job.”
“Neither do I.”
"You're not going to stop trying unless I make you, are you?" Something switched in Cas’ expression and Dean couldn’t help but feel like a mouse caught by a very large cat.
“You didn’t lose that much blood Dean, all of your injuries are minimal at best.”
“Of course I trust you.”
"I know I'm just a stranger who has fucked you a couple of times, but you can talk to me if you wish. I am here afterall."
********************
“Yeah?” Dean murmured.
The light above their heads exploded, raining down broken glass on the table. He silently thanked the ghost for taking his mind off Cas’ words, he didn’t know what he’d have said, and now he didn’t have to figure out an answer.
He was burning alive, being torn apart, but he wasn’t going to do it. He wouldn’t. He would rather die but, damn it, they wouldn’t let him.
“Right.”
“Talk to me Dean.”
Cas rubbed his forehead, knowing full well it would do nothing to stop the impending headache. Why couldn’t Dean just leave well enough alone?
"Well you shouldn't have drunk that whiskey then, should you?"
"Then beg for it," that cruel glint was back in his eyes, and Dean knew, just knew, that there was no way he could win this game.
“We kill people for a living. This is pretty far down the list of bad decisions both of us have made in our lives.”
Dean nodded his agreement, unable to focus on much, but the surge of arousal that the display of dominance had sent coursing through him. He didn't think he could have been much more on board with this.
"Opinion. Jeeze Castiel, how'd you not hear that before?"
The line went dead. Dean stared at the screen, blinking away tears that threatened to fall.
Dean turned away, not pulling out of his arms but distancing himself as much as he could.
Dean raised the bottle to his lips and drank deeply, his eyes blurring with tears.
"No, I do not think that I shall. As of yet I am under no such orders, and I certainly don't take commands from you. You, on the other hand, would do best to obey me."
Dean was spitting his words, filling them with aggression, taunting him to action. Cas revelled in the desperation.
"We ain't got nothin’ in common anymore. I don't know shit about him and he don't know shit about me. How we supposed to even talk to each other?"
Cas gave out a little cry as he realised with terrible frustration that he simply could not kill him, not yet. One more time, just one more time. He would cure himself of his fascination with this beautiful, deadly, creature before him and then he would put an end to it, for good.
“I bet you haven’t been on the receiving end for so long, you must be so tight, god I need to feel you. You know what you do to me Cas? You make me weak.”
“Dean did my makeup.”
Dean laughed manically, “that ship is long sailed, might as well just start cutting.”
Another name. An address. Orders to be taken.
Two men outside, just them inside, and way too much gunfire for their side to be winning.
“You know, if you wanted into my bedroom you could have just asked.”
If Dean thought he had been a writhing mess before he had clearly not understood the true meaning of the phrase. Once he started fucking him he didn't let up for a second, somehow punching into him harder with every thrust. Dean was seeing stars even before he found his prostate, afterwards everything just sort of whited out. He was reduced to nothing but sensation, as pure as it was obscene. He was distantly aware that he was babbling nonsense, begging for it harder even though it couldn't get any harder, then just making animalistic noises of pleasure. Some lingering rational part of his brain wondered if it was possible for the inside of his ass to bruise, before it was swept away on the tide of an orgasm so intense that he was surprised he didn't pass out.
Cas was following his movements, not decreasing the space between them, just keeping it steady. A thrill raced down Dean's spine.
“All talk no pain. Come on you dickless Ken doll, start cutting before I die of old age.”
“Oh look, the stoner faggots are at it again.”
Tags for this chapter:
Was this a relationship? It was definitely more than a one night stand, given how many nights it had been, and they'd spent time together without fucking (even if that had been Dean's stupid fault), and they'd talked about life and shit. That kind of sounded like a relationship. Did Dean even want a relationship? Was it possible to have one with someone who he could never tell the truth? Not like he could ever tell him what he did for a living. He forced himself out of this line of thought, reminding himself that they knew next to nothing about each other and he should just leave well enough alone. The sex was good, that was all that mattered. Although...
Dean brought the bottle back to his lips, and took another drink.
Cas shrugged. He knew his knowledge of the world was limited. He wasn't ashamed of that. His childhood truly had been a bizarre one.
Tags for this chapter:
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”
He could kill him tomorrow.
Cas moved closer, leaning his forehead against Dean’s as he closed his eyes. Dean realised, with a jolt, that he was happy.
It was after midnight when Dean finally collapsed through the motel door. He fell back on the bed, not bothering to take off his boots. He just needed to sleep.
He grabbed the rest of his stuff, thanking whatever deity was listening that he’d never really moved into this place; most of his belongings were safely stored in the boot of the impala. Then he made his escape, practically running. As he turned the key in the ignition he risked a look back at the motel. Cas wasn’t chasing him, just leaning against the doorframe, watching him leave, fully nude without a hint of shame. Dean had to blink like he’d been staring into the sun, those tanned muscles and the grin on his lips were unfairly beautiful and, as if he knew what Dean was thinking, he raised a hand and waved goodbye. Freaking waved! Dean floored the gas before he could do anything stupid, like getting out of the car, shoving Cas back into the motel room, and kissing every inch of that perfect body. He couldn’t do that. Never again, he told himself. This was the last time they would see each other, and they could both go on living their lives like they had done before this started, like nothing had happened. The effort it took to not look in the rear view mirror as he drove away, to get one last look, was immense but necessary. The temptation would have been too great.
“Michael, listen-“
“Cas?”
Cas looked down at the knife, truly not intending to use it for anything more than ridding Dean of his clothes.
“Why are you so damn cheerful?”
“Like I have time for that.”
*****************
Dean knew he was being followed, he had little doubt by whom. It wasn’t that Cas did anything to give himself away, Dean couldn’t really say how he knew, he could just feel the presence, deep and instinctive, raising the hairs on the back of his neck. He knew better than to ignore such a feeling. The injuries from their last encounter, still far from healed, ached as he increased his pace.
"Nah, I'm good," he said with a falsely cocky grin.
******************************
Now, Castiel tried to silently communicate, now would be a good time to stop talking and play your role like the rest of us. It of course went completely over Gabriel’s head.
“Can we…” Dean trailed off, he couldn’t say it out loud, couldn’t vocalise something as personal as this.
Dean had always talked in his sleep.
Cas knew he couldn't stall forever. He started fucking Dean slightly harder, wrapping his hand around his cock, allowing him to walk further along the road to hell.
Dean only realised he had leant forward when his lips brushed Cas', he gasped at the unexpected contact, but he was never one to chicken out half way. He pressed forward, lips moving gently, mouth opening against his own. Castiel returned the kiss almost instantly, deepening it, quickly taking charge. Dean moaned softly at the first touch of tongue against tongue, mapping out new territory, delving deeper. Cas pulled away and Dean leaned after him, needing more.
“Dean Winchester, this is not funny!”
There was too much tension in his voice for Cas to ignore, he looked worried, but for the wrong reasons.
“But I wanna talk.”
Dean practically stopped breathing as Sam’s face melted into that sad puppy look that he’d give anything to never have to see again.
Sam sat down beside him, smiling just as wide as he was, and they sat together for a while. No words were spoken. Sam knew. Sam was grateful. Jack was pleased that someone shared his secret, he was pleased that it changed nothing, and he was especially pleased when Sam reached into his pocket and produced a bar of nougat. Jack took it. He was happy. They all were.
Dean complied before he was even aware he had registered the order. The response earned him a pat on the head and a satisfied smile.
That did the trick, Dean looked up at him with a smile, before a frown overtook it.
“I’m not ready,” Dean breathed once they were outside.
"Wimp," Dean growled through his tears, "don't tell me you're scared of a little mess."
Update: I know it's been a while, but I am working on the previously mentioned follow up, and I feel the need (given the post finale wave of emotions) to clarify that it is a proper sequel. Take that as you will, just know that this story isn't over.
“Then why am I so fucking dizzy?”
“Oh, it has a name?” Cas’ hand twitched towards his knife, “fret not, your pet hunter is safe, for now. You, on the other hand, are facing dire consequences should you not right your course.”
******************
"Please, don't," Dean half sobbed as Castiel flicked his tongue against his puckered hole.
"No," Cas snapped, then practically threw him onto the bed.
Uriel was enjoying this, Castiel realised, there was a hint of glee in his expression that had Cas yearning to cut it from him.
He’d been watching the clock but he’d lost track of time. Sam’s voice was so much deeper, his tone mature in a way it had never been. It made Dean feel small. The emptiness of… however long it had been turning concave and collapsing.
Dean looked at him expectantly.
Cas leaned Dean back against the wall, facing him this time, and slowly, ever so slowly, pushed into him. Cas’ eyes fluttered shut, the pleasure taking over, before starting to move inside Dean. He kept his thrusts shallow at first, keeping his eyes fixed on Dean’s expression with every movement, kissing away the memories as he started to go faster, harder. Dean cried out, this time with pleasure, as Cas hit that special spot inside him. Castiel settled into a ferocious rhythm, relaxing as he saw Dean’s eyes glaze with lust. He reached down and started to stroke Dean’s cock.
Dean finished his drink, locking eyes with Cas, knowing the despair was visible.
He didn’t even fight for the driver’s seat, as they bundled into the impala, just sank down in the passenger's side and tried to feel the comfort the car had always brought. It was there, but wrong somehow, like everything else since he’d got back. He almost laughed at the way he was describing it, got back, like a soldier returning from a war. Like he was a goddamn hero rather than a fucking pathetic kid who’d killed his own father. Sam was glancing at him out of the corner of his eye, mouth opening like he wanted to say something then snapping shut again.
"I don't think you're going to be able to wear these again." Cas griped as he pulled off the wrecked panties and dropped them into the bin, along with the used condom.
He flung himself at Cas, not pausing to wonder if Sam was still standing out in that hallway, not caring about anything but this.
"Yes," it was spoken with a smile, confirming that he was in danger of far more than death, "I assume Raphael was your work."
AAAAAAHHHHHH
The day before his birthday it finally came to him. He was looking at the fabric of Dean's shirt, the material worn soft and thin, probably owned for a decade, if not more. Dean wore his clothing like armour, like a hug, defensive, but somehow reassuring. Yes, that was something Dean possessed, with little to no shift in style in all the time he’d known him. Cas smiled at the thought of changing that. He ducked into the first clothing store he found, making sure Dean couldn't see him from the gas station they had parked at; he had heard these things were supposed to be a surprise, and looked through the racks of clothing until he found exactly what he was searching for. It was perfect, Cas was sure of it.
He buried himself in his work. Engine grease and physical labour. It was enough. It was enough. It was enough. It was-
"I would offer you the opportunity to safe word, but you are the one who denied yourself that mercy," he smiled a wicked smile and returned to his work, before it could slip.
(See the end of the chapter for
Blood
“Answer me.”
“You want suffering, don’t you? You want me to pick apart all of the scars on your body and make you bleed anew. I can see it in your eyes, so feel no need to answer unless I command you to. I am here to give you what you want, tonight, so bleed you shall. Of course you probably should have done even if you hadn’t so called out for it, your actions beg for it as loudly as your words. You are as sinful as you are beautiful. What would it take, do you think, to make you good? Answer your master when he asks you a question, boy.”
“And you did it so wonderfully. God I love you.”
The knife dragged across his chest, slight pressure all it took for a blade that perfectly sharp to cut into him, he felt the bite of metal and his mind emptied. It was so silent now. He would have cried if he hadn’t known that Cas would stop if he did. Cas was trying, but Dean knew him well enough to see how tenuous his control of the situation was, he knew that he was forcing him into this. A gentle hand rested on his shoulder even as the other one drew blood and Dean growled at him to let go. Cas did, with both hands, and Dean hid his face in his arm as best he could while bound.
Dean nodded, avoiding his gaze, posture gloriously submissive.
“Cas, oh god, Cas,” Dean’s surprise gave way to a groan as Cas put every bit of his (considerable) skill to use.
*********************
Dean ducked as a plate soared through the air, nearly hitting him in the head.
Dean’s jaw flew back open, and without any warning he had a mouthful of cock, the tip pressing urgently against the back of his throat. Dean gagged and choked around the intrusion. Castiel showed no mercy, starting to thrust, going further down his throat each time. Dean couldn’t keep up, only having the sense to start swallowing around the cock that was blocking his air after what felt like an eternity of fighting his natural reactions. He heard a noise of appreciation and the thrusts slowed. Dean fought for breath, which was becoming increasingly difficult as the pain of rough treatment was replaced with a new, more urgent, concern. The lazy thrusts blocked his airway for so much longer than he was used to.
"Don't ya think you're overselling yourself a little there Cas?"
Dean kicked off his boots before beginning to undo his shirt. Cas lost patience and shoved him against the wall, then ripped the shirt open, scattering buttons everywhere. Dean swallowed hard and closed his eyes, arousal mixing with trauma as the familiarity of the situation kicked in.
Dean had barely managed to stop himself stabbing her right back when he’d found out.
“What?” He snapped.
"Sammy, hey," his voice was bright in a way it hasn't been for a while, his good sense clearly a little behind his brain when it came to his brother. "Why are you calling?" He asked with the suspicion that should have accompanied his earlier response. "Is something wrong? Did someone hurt you? Because if they did I swear to god I will-"
"Though, I have to say, the leather does compliment your skin beautifully. And I was right; you do look excellent in silk."
Dean rolled his eyes, ignoring the flush in his cheeks. He’d come so far from the timid boy in the oversized coat and the broken glasses who Dean had first met, he was confident now, sassy as hell, he probably knew Dean better than he did himself. Hell, he hadn’t even watched Star Wars until Dean had sat him down and forced him to watch the entire original trilogy in a single evening, now he could recite every word, even the crappy prequels. The bad jokes had been an unexpected side effect of his pop culture education.
"I'm drunk, everythin's awesome," that statement couldn't have been any more obviously a lie.
He wished Dean didn’t sound sincere, that the words were just mocking.
“No fair, how come you get clothes and I don’t?”
Angsty angst
All those who Chuck had snapped away had been restored. Sam and Eileen were so happy, it was beautiful to see, and that was helping. Dean had to be the one. Dean had to make the choice. Not for magical reasons, those were irrelevant to a god, but for the success of any future they might have, and for The Story.
“No one is throwing any eggs at anything.” Dean and Cas simultaneously cut in.
Cas put a hand on his shoulder, gripping tight, grounding him. Dean leaned into the touch.
“Is that what you desire?”
“I believe the word you’re searching for is betrayal.”
“Come now, have some generosity of spirit. It’s my turn.”
"Do you not accept my judgement, Dean?" Cas was asking it honestly, knowing he would stop even without a safe word if Dean truly wanted him to.
“Dean-“ Sam began.
“Just like you loved Nick.”
Cas’ expression softened. Dean nearly managed to breathe again, nearly.
Had he missed the entire service? He definitely hadn’t taken in everyone leaving, and yet they were gone. It was just him and Sam now, the last two surviving members of the Winchester family. Well, one and a half.
"You know, for all your talk of control, I am beginning to suspect you lost more than you gained. Do you feel more control like this, Dean? Does your heart rate steady and your breathing slow as I grind you into a table and make you mine? You need this, don't you?"
“Is Cas bleeding?” Sam chipped in.
“So, what? You think aunt Amara is haunting the house?” Cas’ voice was incredulous, even as his posture became defensive, the darkness in the room getting to him.
Castiel did not like to work with others, he knew he was more effective alone, and Uriel had a way about him that did not gel with his methods, but he understood Anna’s desire to take Gabriel aside given all that had been said. He sincerely hoped that, should Gabriel turn traitor, he would not have to be the one to do it. Gabriel had always been his favourite brother, he should hate to have to kill him. Perhaps Anna would be able to talk some sense into him.
Cas flexed his hands, his knuckles pained and stiff, creaking as they moved. He winced more at the reason behind the pain than the pain itself, letting himself into his home and resolving to have a bath before reorganising his living space, the mess could wait. He needed to slow his mind, he was far too tired to scrub the rooms from top to bottom like he was itching to do. His sanctum had been violated, regardless of whom by, his life threatened where safety was supposed to reside. Bleach would change nothing, only drain him further, and yet the impulse was strong. He sighed as he dropped his trench coat across the back of a chair, realising he would probably have to move house again, the thought did not appeal.
“You’re ridiculous.”
Cas laid in one more punch for good measure, before releasing him and getting to his feet.
"Breathe, Dean."
“Speak for yourself Dean. I like my life.”
“Dean, we’ve been going out for months.” Sam snorted.
“So what I’m hearing is that neither of you would have ever got around to asking each other out if Cas hadn’t got a concussion?” Sam laughed.
The scenes from the past being out of chronological order purely for the sake of angst
Dean’s attention was instantly pulled to the intruder, hatred making his skin crawl when he saw who it was. Cas didn’t withdraw his hand, defiantly refusing to break contact.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded, not making eye contact. Cas roughly grabbed his chin and forced him to return that intense stare.
“Undo your misdeed.”
It could just be a coincidence of course, a single murder, a bad fight, working in a slaughter house even, but his gut told him differently. Still, he had to be sure. Castiel wasn’t one for loose ends, but he certainly didn’t intend to jump to any conclusions. He had to treat this coolly, rationally, like any other job. Except this wasn’t a job, this was Dean, Dean with his striking good looks and his natural propensity for filthy kinky sex. Cas wanted to have him every way imaginable, wanted to expose him to treatment he had never even dreamed of, wanted to take him apart and stitch him back together again. What he didn’t want was to have to simply take him apart however, if he was correct in his thinking, that might be exactly what he’d have to do.
“And what then? Get an apartment somewhere? Nine to five work and a steady pay check?”
Dean was shaking like he'd just been slapped across the face. He wasn't surprised, not really. He just knew that he'd lost.
Tags for this chapter:
How fucking long could one man stay in a bar without drinking his damn drink? Too long apparently. He’d been considering just shooting the bastard, before he finally took a sip and doomed himself. The drugs kicked in quickly, thank fuck, and Dean made quick work of dispatching him.
Breathplay?
Honestly you've read this far
Castiel wished that Gabriel would just stop talking, this conversation was getting more and more dangerous by the second, but he had never been the most sensible of his brothers.
He was warm and content by the end of the meal, enjoying the food and the company, the lack of worry caused by no longer having to choose. There was no need to choose, Castiel appeared to know what he needed better than he did himself. The second, of course, that Dean came to this realisation was exactly when Cas decided to tell him, "drink your whiskey Dean," in a deceptively calm voice, the true danger simmering just below.
"It is the only life I have ever known. Why did you ask?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t beat up a car this time. There was a weight in his limbs, a limpness that wouldn’t let him swing a crowbar or punch a wall, he didn’t have the energy.
“Gee, y’ think?”
Thanks to everyone who has read this story! Endlessly grateful to each and every one of you <3
"Cas, guys don't... why would you think-"
“You should, it’s beautiful.”
“Hello Dean.”
This sort of thing should be said in hushed tones behind closed doors, not in public, not in front of Uriel. Cas sent a worried look in Balthazar’s direction, who just rolled his eyes at Gabe and took another sip of his no fat chai latte. Balthazar understood that Gabriel didn’t mean it, or so Cas hoped, Uriel on the other hand…
“My money’s on yes.”
“Of course I want you,” Cas spoke on an exhale, “I never stopped wanting you, but we can’t-“
Dean had to be ready. Otherwise he would only push Cas away.
“Do not lie to me Dean, I know you too well.” Castiel leaned his forehead against Dean’s, then kissed him slowly, feeling his thoughts in the contact.
Dean nodded his respect when Cas didn't wince at the taste of the cheap liquor, watching with heavily lidded eyes while he took a few more sips. When in Rome, he supposed, best to get as drunk as the Romans. It was a shame it would take a liquor store to reach that point, and Dean had surely drunk the nearest one dry.
"Hello Sam, I was just giving Dean his birthday present."
He took his phone out of his jacket pocket, fingers twitching as he waited for his call to be answered.
“I look forward to it.”
He didn’t bother to retrieve his blade, merely left it in the body as he let Uriel drop to the ground. He wouldn’t use it again. Come what may, he'd had enough of violence.
One more night couldn't hurt. He untied Dean's wrists and pulled the covers over both of them, curling up and drifting off to sleep in the arms of the enemy.
Sam was too numb to argue. He let Dean lead him away, sat on the step, and didn't look when he heard the sounds of Dean finishing the job.
“You should talk less and listen more, that is what you agreed to when you stepped aside, or have you forgotten that?”
General D/s
Cas swallowed and braced himself, braced himself for the end, the end of everything that mattered. Those perfect eyes gazed into his, welcoming, reassuring.
"I was adopted into a very large family. My brother, Gabriel, is the closest in age and perhaps feels the most like a true sibling, but none of us are related in the literal sense."
"Meet up later?" He murmured, briefly laying a hand on his arm, subtly comforting.
Dean sent a warning look his way.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus Cas! Quit doing that!”
The stranger paused with his hand on the doorknob, turning to look at him with a familiar raised eyebrow.
“When’d you figure it out?”
He hung up before the heartache could force him to do any differently. It had been the right decision, he knew that, and yet it still felt like it was breaking him apart.
He practically flew out of the bar, ignoring Gabe’s outraged yells and threats of payback; they wouldn’t matter if Cas didn’t make it back alive.
"Well what's so unusual about them anyhow?"
He ducked into a diner, bustling with activity but more intimate than the street. One exit, not ideal if he had to make a quick getaway, which could be the fact that spared him. If he couldn’t get out easily neither could Cas. He sat in a corner booth, and waited.
“He’s not here. He was never here. Oh, now that expression is worth all of this effort, I really had you going didn’t I?”
"I believe gift giving is customary."
“What d’ you want me to do?”
Of course Sam had always been the smart one.
Dean groaned and buried his face further into the pillow.
Dean broke himself out of the daze he’d been caught in and tried to pull Cas away, to no avail, the other boy was a hell of a lot stronger than he looked.
“Wayyy ahead of you.” Sam held up a tattered pair of jeans, holes that Dean vividly remembered repairing just months ago now gaping wide, and new ones ripped beside them. A shirt that was in a similar state of disrepair was held in his other hand. “And before you say anything, I was growing out of them; I didn’t just rip up my good clothes. Come on dude, I bought a makeup kit and everything.”
Really angsty smut
(See the end of the chapter for
“I- uh...” Dean stammered, internally cursing himself for sounding like a complete idiot.
Dean shut his mouth, the unease eating at him. The violence between the two gangs had been going for as long as he could remember, but at least there’d been something of a lull after his father’s death, they just hadn’t been the priority with everything that had happened in those awful days. Now, though, this was escalating far too quickly and Dean couldn’t help but feel responsible. Of course killing Raphael had led to more spilt blood, more deaths in the family. It hadn’t been his choice, sure, but damn had he enjoyed it. Yes, this war was on him, he couldn’t turn his back on it now.
Tags for this chapter:
He smirked at the frustration that Dean was so clearly feeling.
Cas looked up, startled at the change in vernacular.
"It's my death, feels pretty damn personal."
That was what the Winchesters deserved and Jack was oh so willing to give it to them.
“We can’t do this now. There’ll be plenty of time to talk later, when you’re not bleeding.”
He mouthed another word of thanks to the dark lord below as he led the way to his motel room, barely a block away, he didn't think he'd have been able to survive a cab ride. As it was he was practically running. He fumbled for his keys and heard a low chuckle behind him.
He was scaring him off, he was scaring
The streets were busy, but he wasn’t sure that would make a difference. It was easy to escape into a crowd, particularly if your choice of weaponry was silent. He already knew he couldn’t beat Cas in hand to hand combat, and his body was far from its strongest right now, so he held out little hope for victory. All he could do in that moment was delay, and pray for inspiration.
Consensual non consent, sort of, ish
He was sure he had spoken a lie when the words felt bitter on his tongue. Strange, he could swear they had once been true.
“My aunt, we got some of her belongings after she died.”
Cas took his hand, and Dean gripped it tight.
"Yeah, out back." Dean said unnecessarily, their break time hangout spot was rarely subject to change.
The angel smirked, fuckin' smirked.
He had the thought, then, like an old acquaintance he’d quite forgotten until they found each other face to face, that he might still be alive.
"What? You thought I loved you? It was all play pretend Sammy-o. You're sweet, I'll give you that, for hunter trash anyway. But it was all just a job, and I am good at my job. Hell, I'm the best, we've been trying to get to your family for years. You made it easy. How's it feel to know that you both killed your daddy?"
The killing high was still good, but honestly this sort of job always pissed Dean off. There was no struggle, no competition, just the wait. It was butchery, not a fight.
“Talk to me Dean.”
Dean shivered, finally managing to get the key in the lock and open the door.
“Brothers, please, stop arguing. We face more than enough aggression from our enemies, let’s not quarrel amongst ourselves,” Anna sat back down at the table, pointedly taking the seat between Gabriel and Uriel. Castiel shot her a grateful look. “Now, there is a mission to be completed, one that must be taken care of promptly and without any needless complications,” she looked once again between Gabriel and Uriel, both of whom withered beneath her gaze. “Castiel, Uriel, I believe it is best for the two of you to go together for this one, I will accompany Gabriel.”
“I can see that.” Dean stared at the heaps of boxes and bags, dumped without any organisational pattern he could see. “Please tell me you know where her stuff is.” The sight of it was giving him a headache.
Dying in a bathroom certainly wasn't a pleasant way to go, lacked a certain level of dignity. He wondered if Raphael had been upset by that, in his last moments, or if he'd been more focused on the fact of death than the form in which it came.
They climbed the ladder into the attic, and Dean looked around in dismay.
“Is sex or death really a choice?”
"I own you," it was a statement of fact, one that Dean did not dare to refute.
Cas shoved him against the wall, not sparing a thought for his welfare as he collided with the hard plaster. Dean moaned, cock hardening at the rough treatment. Cas’ mouth was on his before he even realised he had moved. Teeth and tongues tangling. It was rough to say the least, hot and heavy and so so wrong.
Cas reached around, pressing his body hard against Dean's throbbing ass, and roughly gripped his cock.
He shoved his phone back into his pocket, it had been a stupid idea to look at the blasted thing in the first place, and his eyes caught on a doorframe. There were notches carved into the wood, dates scrawled alongside. He'd almost forgotten how friggin' tall Sam was. John had strained to reach the highest of the marks. Sam had been so damn pleased with himself.
"Look, I'm glad you two are finally together, but next time... try to keep the noise down."
Questions left unanswered
“You could have answered.”
This was ridiculous.
“So, are you going to unhook me?” Cas asked, heavy breathing undermining the nonchalance that he was projecting with his words.
“I thought I was Han.”
Teasing
He fixed cars. He loved cars. He knew how to love. He loved cars and pie and booze and Sam. He loved. He knew what love was. He knew how to feel it.
Tags for this chapter:
(See the end of the chapter for
Drinking
“What the hell happened?”
“And you couldn’t maybe knock first?”
It had started out as an accident, a share button accidentally pressed, a drunk fumble to undo his mistake falling short of its intended target. He froze for several long moments, then quickly pulled the bed covers over his naked body on the off chance that Castiel would perform one of his obligatorily unwarranted appearances at the sight of the text. After a few loaded minutes spent waiting for the shit to hit the fan Dean shrugged, and reassured himself with the thought that in all likelihood the angel didn’t even know how to open the text, let alone the hyperlink.
A finger pushed in, eliciting a gasp from Dean, then another one. Cas quickly scissoring him open. Dean’s muscles convulsed and he shuddered, he hadn’t had anything in his ass since that day so long ago. Memories rushed in, uninvited, and he whimpered.
"Cas, what've you done?" Dean's panicked voice drew his attention away from the body. "They'll kill you."
“I am sorry I- I had to speak with you.”
“We thought you knew. You really thought I’d have gone to that carnival if it hadn’t been a date? There were clowns there!”
“D’ you think it’ll be like that when ya kill me?”
Cas pushed Dean against the wall and Dean tensed, cruelly snatched from the moment as images flashed beneath his eyelids. Cas broke contact and stepped away, eyes wide with what looked like horror.
The angel was silent for a moment, then he spoke, his voice dark with inhuman fury. “I’ll kill him. That monster should not be allowed to walk this earth after what he did to you.”
He rolled his eyes, resisting the urge to make any jokes about Sam wearing makeup, just this once.
"I'm sorry Dean, you have the right to do whatever you like behind closed doors, I shouldn't laugh. But oh Father, that is... quite funny."
"Just spit it out Sam," he spoke gruffly, unzipping his leather jacket and throwing it to the floor with one hand while holding the phone to his ear with the other.
“Yeah, I’m used to it.” Dean stayed on the ground, giving himself that moment of contact for just a little longer. “Assbutt?”
“You assume that you will lose?”
“Everyone else who knew where we were is dead.”
“If I untie you are you going to attack me?”
Tags for this chapter:
"Please, please," Dean gasped out, reaching for Cas' shoulders, not seeming to know whether to push him away or pull him closer.
“Of that I have no doubt,” Cas found himself once again tracing those lines, the web of broken parts that seemed to be pulled tight with every harried breath, constricting his heart, “I’m merely trying to determine which of the many options at my disposal would have the most effect on your soul.”
Dean stared, open mouthed, at the angel. Then burst out laughing, almost doubling over in hysterics at the bizarre turn the night had taken.
Cas’ brow furrowed.
“Is there something else I can help you with, Dean?”
“Good,” Cas’ voice was unsteady, which somehow managed to pierce through Dean’s panicked thoughts and gasps for air, filling him with something resembling pride.
Dean didn't even know where to start with that. It was weird enough for his friend to be buying him underwear in the first place, but his mind sort of stalled when it ran into the words pink and satiny, particularly with Cas in the same sentence. The memory of that one night when he was nineteen played in high definition, and he found that his mouth had gone dry. Cas' head was tilted to one side, and Dean wondered how long he'd been silently frozen in place.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wished he had planned beyond this moment, but he had been too busy hoping that Cas would follow, that he’d give in, to truly figure out what would happen if he did. There was a very real chance that he would kill him, or seek some other form of revenge, if Dean freed him, and yet Dean couldn’t bring himself to harm the only person who seemed capable of grounding him. Even like this, even when everything was upside down and he was certain he should be the one bound, Dean felt calm like he hadn’t since Cas had tossed him aside. That thought brought back a little of the anger, and Dean grinned a wicked grin as he reached a decision.
“Dammit Dean! I believed in you!” Gabe handed twenty bucks to Sam, who crowed in delight. Now that got Dean’s attention.
"Kill him. If you do not then I shall,” Uriel spoke with entitlement and disgust, as he always did, but Castiel was not oblivious to the plea hidden beneath. Fraught as their relationship was, had always been, they were still brothers.
He wasn’t really sure how much of this had actually come out of his mouth in the mad rush to get his brother out of the damn diner, but something had obviously stuck because he was on his own when the place got stormed, slashing and shooting and being tackled to the ground.
He was slammed into the wall before he could reach for his gun, but he kept his grip on the box. He pulled the salt from his pocket, uncapping it and throwing some at the ghost. In the precious few seconds before it could reappear, he took out his lighter, and lit the contents of the box on fire. He looked around for the burning ghost, listened for screams, but there was nothing.
Dean froze the moment the words were out of his mouth. He braced himself for a punch, for the violent streak he had just witnessed to be turned on him. Prepared himself for rejection.
Samuel had gone red in the face. The evil that Dean was certain resided within him coming to the surface as he glared down at the body.
“Hey, it’s been a stressful day for me.” Cas lay down beside him. “Ghosts. Ghosts are real. Ghosts are real and I just killed my aunt.”
The stranger narrowed his eyes, tilting his head to the side and pursing his lips. Dean’s heart thudded in his chest, worrying that he'd read that look wrong, knowing that having seen this man no one else would do for the night. After a small eternity the silent deliberation ended and he nodded his head. Dean breathed a sigh of relief and lead the way out of the club, not needing to look to know that he was being followed, he could feel the eyes on him like a physical thing.
“You know exactly what is up. The gardener is currently ‘up’ the frustrated housewife.”
Castiel shook his head, tutting cheerfully.
Cas grabbed a handful of red silk and shoved the panties down, leaving his cock trapped by the fabric, and eliciting a muffled gasp from Dean's lips.
“I said I would, did I not? Are you doubting my word, boy?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean lurked in the shadows, the terrain already mapped. He knew the entrances, the exits, and he knew from the footsteps that followed him that Cas was not being careful tonight. Still, it seemed only fair to return a little of the teasing that Cas had inflicted on him in the past. He found a hiding spot, and spoke into the dark.
He’d researched, with a frantic desperation, the first few weeks. He’d contacted every deity, every demon, every nasty little thing that might hold the answer. None of them answered. There was nothing out there. The big bads, all of them seemed to have vanished. Rowena knew as little about The Empty as he did, the angels were unhelpful as always. He wished Jack hadn’t given his powers over to Amara, or Amara hadn’t disappeared.
He found a container of rock salt and pocketed it. This was
"That is fortunate, we were going to a restaurant regardless."
Alastair being Alastair
“There was jewellery. Perhaps my mom has it in her bedroom?”
"Open wide," Dean eagerly obeyed, and Cas really did smile now, a fact that Dean seemed to take as approval if the way his shoulders relaxed was anything to go by. It wasn't, it was the satisfaction of a trap being sprung, of prey being caught unawares.
Dean bit his lip as he came, hard, his orgasmic moans pushing Castiel over the brink as well. Cas kissed Dean reverently, marvelling at the fact that someone so beautiful not only existed, but wanted
He looked at himself in the mirror; eyes dilated, cheeks flushed. He needed to get fucked, immediately, while the buzz of the kill was still fresh and insistent. He ran a damp hand through his hair, winked at his reflection, and sauntered out onto the dance floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
do nothing but take it. He loved it even as he hated it, the way his mind twisted itself up in knots, the way he could still feel the sticky reminder of Cas' release on his skin and inside him, that feeling like he was still being fucked even though Cas was far away. It was torture, and Dean wanted so much more of it. He was happy as he went about his day, thinking about all the ways he could goad Cas into dominating him, in a way he was quite unaccustomed to. He felt like there was a future, like there was hope, like something good could exist in his life again. It was probably stupid to get so damn cheerful because of a bit of kinky sex, he hadn't even come, but damn if it hadn't felt good.
Dean didn't want to push. Cas had been through a lot, he deserved time, and now that might even be something they had.
“What is it Cas?” He snapped, hoping that the angel had been more drunk than he thought, that maybe, just maybe, he had no memory of the kiss.
"Though I have to say, you're going to have a hard time beating it next year."
Cas tuned out Gabe’s incessant babbling, drinking sparingly at the bar he had been dragged to. He didn't see the point in attempting anything else, all of them being drunk was dangerous, and it's not like inebriation would solve his problems; he stayed stubbornly numb no matter what he did, and he was resigned to the possibility of that being a problem free of solution.
“I don’t think that worked.” Cas said drily. Dean put some distance between them, refusing to acknowledge the fact that killing aunt Amara wasn’t the only thing that hadn’t worked.
Dean didn’t try to hide the sorrow anymore, he probably couldn’t, not about something as big as this. Sam would have been pleased, had it not been so heartbreaking.
Cas made a noise akin to a growl, but lacking the aggression that usually accompanied such a noise, and rolled them so he was on top. He began to thrust in earnest, determinedly eking out pleasure, sucking every gasp out of Dean’s lips like it was the only air he could breathe.
“They’d find us. They’d kill our families, our friends, you know we can’t leave.”
Yeah, he supposed it wasn’t rocket science.
Dean focussed on smoking, any excuse to stay silent for a few moments longer.
Tags:
“I’m going out with Dean Winchester. I don’t care about my stupid head.”
Dean stared for a moment longer, before breaking into hysterical giggles. Cas’ lips twitched at the corners, not seeming sure whether he should also be laughing.
They really oughta brought more backup.
“I love you,” Dean breathed out, exhaustion filling him as the words left. So long fighting, so much searching, just so he could say those words.
Castiel ducked his head, knowing that the fury in his eyes would not be well received. In that moment he hated Michael, hated him as he had never hated another human being, and yet he could not stand against him. He knew just how great the danger was. It may not matter if he killed Dean now, there was every chance of his own demise following soon after. Still, there was a chance of saving others, and that was the only thing that prevented him pulling the blade from his belt and running Michael through.
“That is gratifying to hear, for many could suffer should your word be found meaningless.”
“Sure Cas,” Dean swallowed slightly, “whatever you say. So when’d you learn to cook?”
Knifeplay
Despair. Always despair. A confession repeated on a never ending loop, words he would never speak, events he couldn’t ever bear to recount to Sam. He might as well have lost his tongue for all he could bear to talk. He had never been this quiet. Sam must have noticed, surely, but years of experience had taught him not to ask. Dean cursed his violent rage, all those years of biting Sam’s head off the second he got too close to any hidden truth, he would have given anything for those questions now. He couldn’t bear to broach the topic. He knew he’d only start crying again. He didn’t think he’d ever be able to tell anyone. It hurt too much. Sam didn’t ask and Dean didn’t tell.
They were watching Ghost (shut up, it’s a classic) when Dean finally snapped, or was it Cas who made that choice? He was definitely acting different. It'd been slow, but he finally seemed to have relaxed. He sat close enough to Dean that they could touch, if they wanted to (and god did Dean want to) and he actually slouched into the seat, rather than perching on the edge. He seemed human, present, cautiously cheerful. Dean couldn't help himself, when he was watching Cas watching the lovers on screen work the clay beneath their palms, he reached out and took his hand in his. Cas looked down at Dean's knuckles, looked back up at him, and smiled. Dean's heart hammered in his chest as Cas squeezed gently, a confirmation that this was something he was at least okay with, and returned his attention to the movie.
off. He didn’t want to do this tonight; he didn’t want to wreck the only true friendship he’d ever had.
Tags for this chapter:
"Now now," the stranger tutted, "coarse language is not the way to get what you need."
Dean quickly shook his head.
"Normal's overrated in my book."
There was a flash of movement as Cas flew at Uriel. Dean watched in amazement as Cas let loose on him with a ferocity that Dean hadn’t even known he was capable of. Uriel seemed even more surprised, he certainly didn’t looked smug anymore. Cas drove him into the ground, the other boy getting in a few good punches himself but clearly incapable of defending himself from the vengeful fury with which Castiel was attacking.
“D’ you ever take off that trench coat?”
Blood
Everything is consensual but it's walking a line
“Can’t it wait a damn sec?”
Dean came without warning, without control, quite against his will. He came so hard he blacked out for a second. He half expected to wake up dead, he half hoped he would. Dying mid orgasm had to be the best way he had a chance of going. Cas followed soon after and they slumped to the bed, tangled up in each other.
Castiel wasn’t surprised when, upon entering the hotel suite he was now staying in, he found Uriel waiting for him. He was merely exhausted. Uriel’s face contorted in disgust when he saw him.
“I won’t have a chance to test my hypothesis if you kill yourself with the bottle first,” yes, teasing was safer than the truth.
Cas had never backed down from a challenge in his life. He shoved two fingers between Dean's lips, grinning cattishly when Dean choked, immensely thankful for the length of his fingers. He stared him down while he regained control of his gag reflex, adjusting to the unexpected intrusion, before pushing slightly deeper. With his other hand he undid his belt, keeping a firm grip on Dean's jaw so he couldn't pull away, watching Deans eyes dilate while he pulled the leather from the loops in which it rested.
Tags for this chapter:
Castiel nodded, looking frustratingly good, and Dean barely stopped himself leaning forward to kiss that indecipherable look off his face.
"Why do you think?"
He hung up before Bobby could respond, knowing what the words would sound like, incapable of dealing with the repercussions. He couldn't care for anyone anymore. He was too damn tired.
“You love me.”
“You definitely have a concussion, but I would have done eventually!” Dean was trying to persuade himself more than Sam. Sam was, as usual, impossible to fool.
Dean had a job to work, bills to pay, god knew his dad wasn’t earning anything. Sammy had to be clothed and fed. The house and the car needed to be kept in one piece. By the time all of that was done he barely had the energy to toe off his shoes before collapsing into bed.
"I, uh, thanks Cas."
Cas’ eyebrows lowered in consternation and Dean knew he’d been scuppered. He never seemed to miss anything, not when it came to Dean. It was kinda terrifying.
Dean didn't know when sex and violence had become so intertwined within his mind. He also didn't particularly care. They were complementary highs, like whiskey and cigarettes, deadly and indulgent. There was an element of guilt to it, sure, that almost went without saying. Dean Winchester was nothing without guilt, which perhaps should have done more to undermine the pure carnal pleasure he took wherever he could find it. That said, he didn't feel guilty when he held Raphael close to his chest and watched the life drain out of him. No, this was pure excitement, power and blood and delicious cruelty. His veins thrummed with an electric pulse, every nerve ending alive with ecstasy. His mouth fell open slightly, he licked his lips, mind emptied of everything but sensation.
He shot a wink at Cas. “Until next time.”
“Now, what to do with you?” Castiel tilted his head and gave Dean a long, curious, look.
"That wasn't about you," there was a pleading note to Sam’s voice that he would normally have given into, but damn if the words didn’t make him mad.
“That was an exceptionally unwise thing to forget, but I am certain that I will be able to find a way to ensure that it does not escape your memory for a second time.”
His eyes searched his for a moment, silently asking for permission, he must have seen what he was looking for, because he leaned in. Dean’s mind worked a mile a minute as that short distance was closed, thoughts screaming that it was wrong, that he was a friend, his best friend. That he wasn’t gay anyway and his dad would disapprove and it was just so-
Cas pulled Dean into another kiss to illustrate the point, which, judging by the hurriedly retreating footsteps, had the desired effect. Cas pulled away and smiled in a self satisfied kind of way.
Dean took off his gloves, turning on the tap and washing away the blood they had been hiding. He knew he should have been wearing them in the first place, but it was so much better bare skinned. Not like Dean Winchester was afraid of jail. The advantages far outweighed the danger. He watched the pink water running down the drain with a sick sort of satisfaction, even though he knew he would never really be clean. His phone blared in his pocket and he hurried to dry up.
“You may have a point, but then, I am yet to show you what I learnt from the plumber.”
“Save me Cas, you have to save me.”
“I’ve got it.” Cas pulled out an old locket, and Dean tossed him his lighter, ghostly hands wrapping around his neck.
*************************
“What’s wrong?” Dean looked down, scared that Cas would read his thoughts, and be scared away. Cas leaned forward and planted a soft kiss on Dean’s lips. “You know you can tell me anything.” He said quietly, eyes conveying the heartfelt conviction of his words, the honesty of an angel.
Cas focused on his drink, taking an unnecessarily long sip to put off responding for a few more seconds. Gabriel cheerfully punched him in the shoulder.
Dean’s hands trembled, his stitches uneven and too damn deep.
Sam’s expression hardened, posture straightening and voice evening out in a reaction so alarmingly similar to their dad that Dean couldn’t help but cower, he nodded his head slightly.
“Yeah,” Dean was shaking now too.
“Finish your coffee first.”
"Now-" he gasped, "who's rushing things?"
a gun.” Did Cas actually sound disappointed? “Why do you have a gun?”
He passed the bottle back, knowing that was the polite thing to do, if not the responsible one. Dean was a grown man and Castiel would not baby him, not tonight. He quickly decided it had been the correct choice to make, when he watched the way Dean's lips curled around the bottle, flicking out his tongue to pull the liquor into his mouth a millisecond faster, his neck muscles tightening and then releasing as he swallowed. It was practically pornographic, which was not helped by Cas' memory of those same lips stretching around his cock.
Generally upsetting subject matter
Violence
“You will pay dearly for this,” Cas threatened, before opening his mouth.
“The attic.” Cas said, wide eyed.
Castiel made the only decision he could, and Dean Winchester was saved.
He nodded grimly, standing up and beginning to search through the cupboards.
The lingering mirth only slightly dulled the excitement that rekindled at that particular promise.
Gabe stood up, and Sam followed him towards the door, far too eagerly for Dean’s liking.
Dean heard the snap of a bottle opening as he shifted his position. He tensed in anticipation, and heard Cas tut fondly.
"Sit up straight Winchester, you'll do your back in."
Cas pursed his lips.
"H'lo," he answered without checking the caller ID, "Horny Hunter Hoes. Winchester speaking, how can I get you off today?" He said with a laugh, which immediately cut off when he heard the voice on the other end of the line.
“You damn fool boy, this is your daddy’s war, not yours. Everyone involved in the fire’s already dead, ain’t no point in carryin’ on. You can’t keep killin’ like this.”
This is it, this is the end
Cas grinned, before putting a hand on the counter to stabilise himself as he swayed.
“I wish to discuss what happened.”
Castiel kept a tight grip on the blade in his hand, its weight grounding, familiar. The patter of rain dulled the sound of desperate footsteps, screams for a salvation that would not come. No one would hear this, not over the storm that raged in the city tonight.
“Other than an angel kissing me? Not much.” He forced a laugh.
"It's a funny quirk of mankind, I find, how while some will do anything to avoid pain, others..." there was no need to finish his sentence, he merely rained down a series of blows in quick succession and allowed Dean's reaction to speak for him. It was beautiful, how quickly he opened up beneath his ministrations, aching for more. Castiel was a sadist, sure, but the pleasure Dean experienced was an aphrodisiac far more powerful than anything else he could remember. He was so responsive, so wantonly needy, and Cas was powerless to refuse his wordless pleas. He beat him hard, not out of anger, no matter how fun it was to play that role, it was more of a devilish curiosity that lead him to land harder and harder blows.
Filthy kinky sex
Cas tried to regain control, over his feelings, over the situation, and found himself scrabbling for air. He was holding Dean like he was the only thing standing between himself and a fall from a great height, he didn’t know how he could let go.
A writing format that is much less upsetting when this fic is viewed as a whole (evil cackling)
Dean didn't have very many belongings, that was the first problem. In all the time Cas had known him, he didn't think Dean had once asked for anything, not anything that could be bought at least. He had his weapons, but despite Cas' limited understanding of the human gift giving tradition, he knew that wouldn't be appropriate. Not that Dean needed more guns anyway, he had so many. Other than that what was there? He loved food, but Castiel couldn't cook, and store bought pie just didn't seem personal enough. Music? But Dean already had all of the tapes he knew he wanted, and Cas didn't dare to guess at a new band he might like.
Tags for this chapter:
Cas slapped Dean’s ass hard, forcing him to breathe in sharply. He felt lubricated fingers probing his sensitive hole and he held his breath, waiting for the sting.
“Yes, you did.”
Dean knew it wasn’t really the gift he was thanking him for.
Dean just glared at him, knowing that consent would equate to a betrayal, hoping that the choice would be taken away.
Dean shook his head, a fury burning behind his eyes as he snarled, “I don’t need your mercy. I’m not a fucking coward.”
“Perhaps I am.”
*****************
“Just today?”
"Are you okay to continue?" Cas' lips brushed his ear as he spoke, and Dean shivered at the feeling of breath on sensitive skin. He swallowed down his nerves, and nodded.
Dean made a sound somewhere between a moan and a groan. Arousal warring with disappointment.
Strange the things you notice in the split second before you hit the ground.
They broke away only after, what could have been, the third time a throat was cleared beside them, and it hurt to do so. Dean was ready to kill the intruder, held back only by Cas’ warning hand on his arm.
He slowly unbuttoned his pants, ensuring Dean had time to anticipate. His cock sprung free and Dean licked his lips, leaning forward without being consciously aware he was doing so. Cas pushed him back on his heels, shaking his head with the hint of a smile.
Harsh spanking
Cas slowly returned to his apartment, not looking forward to clearing up the chaos, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sleep without doing so. He was worried about Dean, a fact he seemed incapable of ignoring. If he was as exhausted by their encounter as Cas was then he feared for his resilience in the face of the elements, and the questions that were sure to follow.
An excited kind of dread settled in his stomach, which didn't go away even as Cas pored over the menu, discussing aloud his choices for both of their meals. This was scarier than the threatening looks or possessive touches, he didn't know how to prepare for silence. When Cas ordered their food Dean stayed determinedly quiet, telling himself half-heartedly that it was only because what Cas had ordered did sound really good. That still didn't give him an excuse for the way he avoided looking at either Castiel or the shots when they arrived at the table.
He threw away his second pillow, the one he’d never used, the one he’d bought just in case. What was the point? His bed would never be filled. He would always be cold, now, empty.
Dean forced himself to eat, his insides tied in knots, not really tasting it. He was just drawing out the inevitable, he knew that.
"Worry not brother, I will make sure of it," Castiel spoke as deadly calmness swept over him. He had his orders, a mission to complete. He would smite the hunters with righteous fury, and the land would be cleansed by it.
“As I said, at first.”
“They’ll be fine.”
"Do you want me to take my vengeance for what you did to me? Do you want to suffer for your crimes? Is that why you are here?"
Tags for this chapter:
“Good.” Dean grinned. “Did you even undress?” He asked with an accusatory tone.
“As do I.”
"No," Dean growled, then gasped in pain as Cas held his gaze and squeezed harder.
Dean hurried into the house and Cas bit back a smile.
He’d been a foolish kid, so damn stupid. He would never be a kid again. Four months, might as well have been forty years. The doctors could only stitch him back together so well, he’d been ripped to pieces so thoroughly, so many times. His body felt ancient, creaking as he moved, held together with tape and safety pins. His mind felt older still. Pain dragged everything out so fucking long, which had to be god’s cruellest joke, not that the guilt that followed was much better.
“Aren’t you an atheist?”
Switching (trust me, it works)
“Okay little bro,” he spoke with faux offense, “what’s got you so wound up? I mean you’re always kinda wound up but you sound-“
Tragically uneaten baked goods
(See the end of the chapter for
"I can't lose you too Dean."
His ears were ringing, ringing like they had been that first day, like broken glass was falling around him. Like the most beautiful hideous noise in the universe was threatening to deafen him.
“Aren’t you worried about letting me near sharp objects again?”
“Ahead? After what they did to Mary? After this? We ain’t close to breaking even, let alone anythin' I'd call winning. Damn right I’m sure.”
At least he’d taken down a few of them.
Cas let out a pleased sound, and ran his hands slowly down Dean's arms, almost like he was soothing a frightened animal. Dean supposed, in a sense, he was. His muscles relaxed under the touch, only to tense again at the feeling of leather against his skin. A belt, Cas' belt, wrapped around his wrists and was tied off. The movements quick and effective. Dean briefly wondered how many times Cas had done this, if he'd ever done this.
"There's my good boy." The warmth in his voice melted something in Dean's heart, and he made a sound suspiciously similar to a sob.
"Well well, it seems someone has a masochistic streak. Naughty boy," the words were practically purred. "Of course, that is probably fortunate, since I am one hell of a sadist." Dean barely had chance to register the steel that had crept into his tone, because with that last word he pulled out almost all the way and slammed back in, hard.
“We both know this is a bad idea.”
The teacher sat down behind her desk and gestured at the seat opposite. Dean forced himself to sit, wanting nothing more than to run, a familiar sense of doom settling over him.
He had to put an end to this. He had to.
“I will not do anything of a sexual nature without your consent, no matter the context of our encounter, so you have two choices right now. Either I can punish you for attacking me as I would any other who did the same, all be it in a way less fatal, or I can punish you as a wayward lover. I expect you should find the second option vastly more pleasurable.”
Violence
Dean began to wonder if he really
Sam’s eyes lit up, that ‘hah got you’ expression on his face that clearly meant Dean had just stumbled into a carefully placed trap, in other words; he was doomed.
Dean’s muddled mind tripped on the words, taking what could have been seconds, could have been minutes, to register what they meant. The sound was coming from him. He was screaming. He clamped his mouth shut, letting out a whimper between clenched teeth as Alastair drove the burning metal a bit deeper into his chest.
“Fuck, Cas, I just remembered you’re related to the devil.”
Characters dealing with trauma
“Dean...” Cas looked down at their joined hands, a question on his lips, drawing Dean’s attention to what he’d done.
Dean pouted but sat down on a kitchen chair without complaint, leaning on the table and watching him cook in a way that would have felt strangely domestic if it hadn’t been for the dried blood on his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean spent the next few days constantly on edge, like he was stuck between Dr Frankenfurter saying antici- and -pation in the world's longest production of The Rocky Horror Show. So it was, of course, just when he let his guard down, certain that Castiel has just decided not to show, that he turned up at his doorstep like a dark figure emerging from the rain in some crappy B movie. There wasn't any rain, but that's what it felt like. He was expecting to be instantly pushed down on the bed or crowded up against a wall but Castiel, never one to follow expectations, grabbed his wrist and pulled him out the door.
