"He's bleeding all over your jet", Gwen explained, being extra cruel.
Wade had never seen Peter like this before furious and chaotic but still focused somehow, still lucid. It was frightening in a way that Wade hadn't expected from Peter.
He placed it on the table and Peter's eyes focused on the food. Waffles. He was sure that he had eaten it before. He knew that they were good, he just couldn't remember when or where he could've eaten them. Not in HYDRA custody, that's for sure.
"I didn't ask you to do that. ", he said and Wade couldn't see his expression but it sounded almost like Peter was snapping at him.
"No."
Peter lost time.
MJ glanced over at him and grinned. It wasn't necessarily a happy grin, but it wasn't unpleasant either. "So you don't know either.", she stated and Peter returned her grin, it felt foreign but not entirely wrong.
"If the crackhead does talk and the wrong people get wind of a weird Spider-human who travels around with the Winter Soldier, I'm in trouble.", Peter explained and MJ let out a heavy sigh.
"Oh thank you! I know, I'm a total poet!", he said before bowing a little. He then let out a little breathless laugh, stroking his hand through his hair. "God that was shit. She was always way better than me.", he admitted.
"Let me give you a tip, you and I have a mutual friend that has a thing for killing, memes and losing his loved ones.", she replied with a smirk.
worst. Gwen had been worse. Killing her, ripping her apart, Peter couldn't remember the act itself. He remembered the aftermath though. Waking up with his hands drenched in her blood. Her smashed body at his feet. The realization of what he had done. Her empty eyes staring right through him. That had been the worst.
"I'll miss you. ", Peter admitted. He wished he could stay in this comfortable bubble, he wished that things didn't have to change, that he didn't have to hope and fight and forgive anymore.
How would they do it? Hold his head under water until it felt like it was about to burst? Let electricity run through his veins until he felt like every fiber of his being was on fire? Whip his back until his whole skin was torn to shreds? Or maybe they'd make him do it himself. Some agents preferred that, the humiliation of it. They liked to watch and listen to his tortured screams as he mutilated himself.
. You need to let me do this. I attacked you, I ran away, I hid. That wasn't fair and it's okay for you to think that way. Don't treat me like a raw egg just because you feel sorry for me." They were speechless once more. Tony wasn't sure how to interpret this. "So, yeah. I'm sorry, for everything. The way I reacted wasn't your fault, it's a me-problem.", Peter added with a shrug.
Then the trembling stopped and Peter grew stiff under his hands. He lowered his eyes, bowed his head. "Make it quick, please...", he pressed through gritted teeth. Wade noticed how much Peter tried to keep his voice steady but his breath started to hitch like he was seconds away from crying.
to not be myself. Can you give me that?", Peter then asked and his voice had this blank tone that sent shivers down Bucky's spine. He knew that he hadn't been any better, but it was still disconcerting.
Bucky glanced over at the two and noticed that Peter's eyes met his for a moment. He could probably hear them. Whispering was pretty useless when it came to Peter's hearing.
Wade quickly put some of the trash into the kitchen so that the three of them could comfortably sit on the couch.
"How dare you?!", he then hissed. It was quite clear what had happened. Spidermom had swiped the file and read it against request. Now there was anger, betrayal, the whole clusterfuck. But what Wade was concerned with was Peter. Peter who wasn't saying anything, or moving, or breathing. He just watched it all unfold with wide eyes.
"Okay, well I think that it would already help, if we kept him mostly lucid. As far as I can tell it's more of a compulsive thing right now, he didn't even seem aware of it. If he stays present it might be easier to keep him from harming himself. Though, we should also consider that he's using this as a form of self inflicted punishment. That's one of the more pressing issues. We have to get him to stop acting like a prisoner.
Gwen schrugged with one shoulder again, completely careless. "I've got my orders so you'll listen to me now. You'll take me to one of your quinjets and you'll fly us out of here. If you try to stop us, if you try to call for help or alarm the others, I'll shoot myself."
Night terrors haunted him, so vivid and clear that he sometimes doubted that his life with Tony was his real one, that any of this was true. The dreams were familiar, often they were memories twisted by his overactive mind into something even more terrifying than the truth.
They ended up buying 5 pairs of pants, 5 shirts, 3 sweaters, one pair of shoes, one jacket and a bunch of socks and underwear for Gwen and a very ugly Christmas sweater for Peter that showed 3 reindeer fucking.
"I- I don't really know where we are at right now. I don't know if he likes me like that. And also I sort of just fucked off? Some stuff happened and I needed to get away from everything,  including him. We still text sometimes and he was understanding but I'm still afraid that he'll grow tired of waiting for me to be ready.", he finally confessed, glancing over at MJ. "That is if he's even into me like that which I can't really imagine. ", Peter added with a dry laugh but MJ didn't join in.
"People live at motels?", Peter wondered.
" I don't know who that is.", He clarified and Wade smirked.
Peter took a moment, a beat of silence, his smile didn't fade but sadness filled his eyes now. "Nothing. It just wouldn't be the real thing."
Gwen stared at them for a moment, as if she was unsure what to do. "Thank you.", she finally said before starting to take off the scrubs she was wearing. Peter quickly reached out to stop her.
"Hey, it's okay, it's not your fault.", he told her, over and over again until her breathing calmed down.
The waffles were delicious, he knew it, and the taste was almost too much, swallowing hurt but he didn't care. Peter was so focused on eating that it took him a while to notice that the waiter was still standing next to him, glaring.
Deadpool didn't punish him though, he just let him eat his food in silence and he didn't say 'told you so', when Peter puked beside a car in the parking lot when they were outside again.
"That's enough of that now.", Keipon snapped before quickly pulling up his smile again. He reached for Peter's throat and this time Peter didn't fight him. Keipon pressed two fingers underneath Peter's jaw, feeling for his pulse and Peter wished that he could stop the pounding of his heart just so that he wouldn't give Keipon the satisfaction.
"I'm not mad at you either, in case you were wondering." Peter's voice pulled Wade out of his thoughts. A part of Wade wanted to believe Peter, wanted to relief his conscience.
"Maybe?", he chuckled and
"I want to.", Peter said with a nod. He took a breath, collected himself. "You're important to me. And this isn't forever. I want you in my life. Just... right now it's too much, you are all too much. I can't be myself right now, I don't even know who that's supposed to be. I need to be someone else for a little to figure that out." Peter was calm, collected, but somehow not cold. His words seemed genuine and that sparked a tiny flame inside Wade, a bit of hope. He hadn't even realized that he had lost it for a while.
There was blood, so much blood that Tony knew, whatever they did to his son, he couldn't have survived it. He stepped into Peter's bedroom and when he saw the massacre they left, his mind shut off.
"Shit, fuck, I totally forgot. I- I'll call him.", Tony groaned.
"It's like we're on the run but with none of the urgency or stress.", he once described it. They had just stopped at a gas station and loaded up on snacks that Peter was immediately decimating. Bucky encouraged him to eat as much as possible and once Peter got over his withdrawal induced nausea he did.
"Well, you can join me if you're scared of leaving me by myself. ", Peter suggested and Wade didn't need to hear that twice so he sat down next to Peter.
"Well, you don't have an ID and I'd rather not have people ask why Bucky Barnes is travelling around the country with a random kid."
"Peter?", Wade asked, taking a step closer but Peter couldn't bear his pity right now. He couldn't stand Wade anywhere near him when he was feeling this awful. He wanted to hide away. He didn't want anyone to ever lay eyes or hands on him ever again.
In the beginning it was a lot, the memories ambushed him whenever, rolling over him like an avalanche. After a while they got spaced out, sporadic. There were still blank spaces and maybe he'd never get everything back, but Bucky didn't necessarily want everything back, anyways. The majority was bad.
"For real, though.  What if she hates me?", Peter asked, looking at Tony, completely serious.
"We need to set some rules." Tony regretted his word choice the moment he saw Peter tense up. Peter had insisted on inviting Wade to have breakfast with them. Tony didn't mind. Wade was the one that got him to leave his room and Tony was incredibly relieved to see that Peter actually looked better. He had a new haircut, bathed and even though his bandaged wrist was concerning, he seemed rested. Tony managed to ignore the envy that crept up deep inside of him. Envy because Wade could help Peter when he couldn't. Tony told himself that he didn't care who Peter drew support from as long as he got it from anyone at all. Even if it wasn't him. At the mention of rules Peter automatically drew his shoulders up to his ears and Wade glared at Tony. "Not rules... suggestions. They aren't set in stone and you won't be punished for not following them. Don't worry.", Tony quickly clarified, desperate to wipe the anxious expression off his son's face.
Peter pushed that thought aside and tried to imagine Wade's scenario. He'd do almost anything to see Gwen again...
The point is, this simple reassurance, that Peter still thought of Wade, still cared, it got Wade off his ass. He left the bar, went home for the first time in months, started to take on jobs again, met up with Domino, tried to live his life like he had before.
"Sure, Spidey, whatever you want.", he replied eventually and Peter chewed on his lip for a moment.
"Peter, I need you to listen to me.", Wade ordered, he had to ground him somehow. To his surprise Peter went quiet, he still didn't look at him, though. "Yes, listen to my voice, that's right. You're not at HYDRA anymore. Okay? You are outside, beside a highway. We were driving and- "
They sat in silence like that for a while, Bucky couldn't tell how long, just looking at each other. Bucky was the first one to buckle, to look back at the road. Thank Tony for his self driving cars, they definitely would've crashed otherwise. "So did you see it yet?", Peter asked, his tone light, conversational. He was trying to make this easier on Bucky. Whatever
"I know.", Peter nodded, not pulling a face or flashing a smile. His blank expression seemed to unnerved Grace who smiled nervously.
"No... I wouldn't even know where to get it.", she mumbled and he could see her do that thing that Peter also sometimes did. She put up a neutral face, shielded herself. Wade used to wonder if that was learned behaviour or if Peter was just like that.  Now he had his answer.
"I hope you're right. ", Peter nodded before relaxing a bit more into his seat. Peter didn't want to die. But as he looked around himself, at the little heavenly room they occupied, as he looked inside of himself and found how freeing it felt to not be in turmoil, he didn't mind it. He could spend eternity like this.
Tony gave him a surprised look but wasn't intimidated by his words. "But you don't believe any of that, do you?", he asked instead and Peter gave him a shrug.
Peter had no clue if he was into MJ. He liked her a lot. He loved spending time with her. He didn't feel like he had to hide all his issues in front of her. Did this mean that he was into her? Peter didn't know. But he was willing to try to find out. It didn't freak him out as much as most things in his life.
Peter didn't look as relieved as Wade had expected. Wade couldn't really read how he was feeling at all. It was almost like from one second to another Peter had pulled up a massive wall between them. His face was a neutral mask, his eyes empty and silent, not giving away anything. "Great. Then you can leave now." His tone was so devoid of emotion that it almost sent a shiver down Wade's spine.
That had been a reappearing theme as of late. Peter just didn't care anymore. Not in general, not in a drugged-up-psychopath-way. Peter still cared about big things. He was still worried.
"As soon as you get dressed.", Tony replied.
Bucky wasn't sure how exactly this happened but there was a kid in his bed. After he brought the boy into his Brooklyn apartment, he took care of his wounds as quickly as possible, but to his surprise they were already closing up by themselves.
She had a gun in her hand that she qickly aimed at her own temple when she realized that Peter was awake. That's when it all came back. Gwen was HYDRA and she was bringing him back to Keipon. Peter's mind filled with dread. This was real.
Another long stretch of silence. Peter could feel Gwen shake ever so slightly and he wrapped his arms around her on instinct. She sounded choked up when she finally spoke again. "They tried to get me under control... thought it had to be easier without you present. I started to give in." She sounded ashamed and miserable and Peter's heart ached for her. He could also tell that she wasn't telling him the whole truth but he figured she'd tell him once she was ready.
When they finally arrived at Barnes' apartment building, Tony was visibly shaking with nervousness. but he still straightened his back and soldiered on. He'd never been to here before. While Tony didn't blame the former Winter Soldier for his parents' death, not anymore at least, they were never close and Tony doubted that they ever would be. Still, he'd rather have Peter with Bucky than with anyone else, he might understand what the boy needed best.
"Oh fuck...yeah... that's better... thanks. ", he sighed, his eyes turned towards the sky. Suddenly he smirked.
"Damn right, I'm panicking! I'm staring at Peter's dead body!", he snapped and Tony flinched hard before slowly lifting his eyes until they met Wade's.
"How you are feeling-", Wade answered but Peter cut him off.
Tony pulled a face, presumably at the word daddy, before rolling with his eyes. "Okay, okay... here. Get yourself something, too. Whatever you want.", he then said as he took out his wallet after rubbing his hands clean on his jeans. He fished out his credit card and handed it to Peter.
Tony let out a laugh before leaning back in his chair. "You got it, kid. Speak to you next week?"
, Peter was trying. Bucky seemed to understand that and reacted with amusement instead of shock. Or maybe he was just pretending to not be bothered but Peter didn't really care. That's why he had taken Bucky. Him and Wade were the only people that wouldn't be absolutely horrified when Peter joked like this.
Peter made himself a coffee and a hot chocolate for Gwen. He had no idea if she'd like it but it was worth a try.
"Come here.", he said with a little head tilt before opening his arms. Wade was gentle, careful in the way he approached and hugged Peter, but after a few seconds Peter seemed to melt into his touch, until they both clung to each other desperately. Tony tried to swallow down the envy, the little twinge in his heart he felt at that.
"I'm not pretty, I'm hideous.", Wade said with a chuckle but it came out bitter and breathless. Peter didn't laugh, he didn't smile, either.
"It's still in the room, why don't you just read it?", he asked.
"Okay... Let me start out by saying that I'm sorry and that it wasn't your fault.", She started, not looking at Peter, directing her words towards the floor instead.
Tony and Steve had to pack their things, make calls. Peter's father talked to a man named Happy and a woman named Pepper. Peter didn't listen to their conversation. He barely even listened when they addressed him.
Tony was drunk. He hadn't touched a drink in years but he was completely hammered. There wasn't much left to do when you're told that the son you just got back was dead. They didn't find a body, but Tony saw the blood and Wade had been pretty fucking convincing.
Tony still couldn't truly believe it, even as he sat in the car with Steve and Wade. It was a strange feeling, like awful deja vu. He felt like he was on a cruel twisted carousel, forced to repeat the same horrible loop. Lose Peter, think he's dead, find out he's alive, reunite, lose Peter again. Over and over, round and round. The ride to Brooklyn felt like leaving his workshop to see Peter for the first time in a decade, hopeful and terrifying. Tony wasn't sure how often he could go through that before it tore him apart. "He's gonna be okay. Bucky took care of him.", Steve said beside him, his hand holding Tony's.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wow, are you okay?! Wait-", the stranger asked before reaching behind Peter's head, undoing the strap of his mask and pulling out the several inches long gag that came with it. Peter desperately gasped for air before snapping his mouth shut for the first time in God knows how long. "You're Peter, right?", the stranger asked, tossing away the mask. Peter didn't question why he knew his name, they all did. The way he was holding his head though, gently, that's what freaked the boy out.
As stupid as that sounded, Peter's first thought at the sight of the gun wasn't:'
"I'm having a smoke, that's all. ", Peter explained, showing off the cigarette in his hand. "No suicidal thoughts for now. Besides, I'm pretty sure that this fall wouldn't kill me."
It took a few seconds to set in, but his own reflection was making him sick. At the same time he couldn't look away. He just stared at his reflection, not recognizing whoever was staring back at him.
He could tell that MJ was staring at him. He diverted his eyes, took another drag, tried to not let it get to him too much, whatever 'it' was.
"Harley called, a lot. You wanted to come over for some robotics thing?", she then asked.
"Peter...", Tony sighed, his tone pleading. "You need to stop talking down on yourself. You're not a burden." Peter heard the words but they bounced off of him without leaving an impact.
"-you do it yourself.", Wade finished his sentence and Peter nodded. "Okay...", Wade sighed out. "We'll work on that. But not right now." With that Wade got up and Peter mirrored his moves, getting up as well.
"Brothers? Aren't you a bit old to be my brother?", Peter asked. He didn't smile or laugh but Bucky was sure that there was a hint of amusement in his voice. Maybe he just wanted it to be there.
had somehow become a term of endearment for them.
Peter wasn't convinced, not completely. Bucky could tell by the way he worried at his lip and clenched his fists until his knuckles turned white. He was considering it, though. Maybe this could work. And after a few more minutes Peter finally looked up again. "Okay...", he whispered. "I'll talk to them." Relief washed over Bucky like a wave and he let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding.
"My foster brothers and I. Ned and Flash.", MJ explained.
"Is this okay?", she whispered and surprisingly Peter didn't mind the weight of her head on his shoulder.
Peter didn't seem to notice Wade's surprise, or maybe he just didn't care to address it. Instead he went on. "No. You don't need to apologize. I get why you're doing it. I mean, I haven't been the most stable of guys and I know that nobody would expect me to be durable to any capacity." His response was accompanied by a dry, humorless laugh and Wade's chest ached.
"Yeah... yeah it's great.", Peter dared to crack a smile, too. "Why would you ever leave this place? It's amazing here!"
Tony was nervous, desperate to do the right thing, Steve knew that but Tony tried to not let it show.
When he came home Obadiah was unconscious, the security system was turned off and Peter? Peter was gone. Except that he wasn't.
"I feel like I really don't want to know what a DILF is."
"No. I'm okay with it. If this'll keep me safe from HYDRA we can leave right now, but-", Peter's eyes glanced over at Wade and he didn't like the look the boy was giving him at all. It seemed anxious, worried, that was pretty much the last thing that Wade wanted to make Peter feel. "-can I talk to Wade for a second?", he then asked, looking back at his father. "Alone."
"So, how are you dealing with all this?", Wade asked after a moment of silence, trying to break it.
"What?"
"Oh Pete... Do you kiss your father with that mouth?", Keipon asked with a frown, sounding like a disappointed parent, everything about this made Peter sick.
"Yeah sure, let me talk to this dude I've never met before. We'll call our little group 'Experiments Anonymous'. Or why not go with 'The HYDRA-fucked-me-up Club'. Has a ring to it. Maybe we'll even have shirts. 'HYDRA imprisoned me for years and all I got was this shirt.'", Peter's voice dripped with venom and Wade recognized that he accidentally stirred him into resentment-town again. It's like he was searching for an excuse to lash out.
"What do you mean?", Tony asked genuinely confused but Peter only raised his eyebrows, not looking impressed.
She got up from her throne and floated over to Wade stopping when they were only a few inches apart. Even though she didn't really have eyes and he was only staring into dark holes, it was still unnerving.
"Look who's calling. Should we say hello?", Gwen announced before pressing a button and the noise stopped and was instead replaced by the voice of Peter's father.
"After that we're continuing our journey to your father. The old guy lives in New York right now and I need to attend some buisness in that corner of the world anyways so that's convenient." Peter didn't say anything to that for a while. His fingers tapping against the window and Matt Maeson's voice coming from the radio were the only sounds between them.
front of it. Only once he stepped closer, could he make out how strange the pair looked. One was dressed in a superhero outfit, black and red, with white eyes and katanas strapped to his back and the other reminded Steve hauntingly of concentration camp victims, back from when he was still fighting Nazis in the second world war.
His eyes lingered on Natasha and it looked like he might say something but instead they found his father. His gaze softened and Wade couldn't remember the last time Peter looked at Tony like this, with no animosity or resentment whatsoever. "Thank you."
"agent Romanoff-", the guard started to argue but Natasha outranked him by a lot.
In the beginning it was all about patience. Luckily Bucky had that down. He had spend countless nights next to Steve's bed, making sure that he was still breathing. It was a bit like that. At first Kid slept a lot, or maybe he pretended to sleep. Bucky tried to get him to eat whenever he was awake. He quickly found that he had to stay present, or else Kid just wouldn't eat the food, even if it was right in front of him. Bucky asked why he did that.
"Were you close? You and Gwen?", Tony then asked and a smile split on Peter's lips.
Peter fell. He wasn't sure how long he had walked for, or why he wasn't walking anymore. He tried to get back up. He couldn't. Whatever.
He tried to learn from his father's mistakes, to do the opposite. Peter didn't have a mother and Tony was a busy man, it would've been easy to hand him over to a Nanny, make him someone else's problem. But Tony wanted to be better. So he did everything himself.
"How'd you get up there?", he asked.
"It's not about getting something because you need it. It's about getting something you want for the fun of it.", Wade argued.
Steve was a man out of time and even though he had changed quite a bit since his arrival in the 21st century, his ideals where the same. Glorious and moral and unfortunately outdated. He understood the danger of secrets, but not in the same way as her.
He looked outside for a while, watched the bright scenery rush by the windows of their car. They were driving away from the coast, Peter didn't know where to, hopefully somewhere pretty and open. He felt so trapped, even in this car he felt it. Like he was still in his cell at SHIELD. agent Lorenz called it his room or his quarters. It was his cell either way. Just how calling him a patient hadn't changed what he really was to them, a prisoner and a subject. He had felt the same way at Tony's house. His supposed
"You don't have to justify yourself. I was glad that he had you, I was rooting for the two of you.", Vanessa chuckled and Peter relaxed a little. She had a calming presence, maybe that just came with death, but if it didn't Peter wondered how Wade went from her to the human incarnation of stress.
Peter didn't feel any injuries, he was wearing gray scrubs, like most of the time and the mask with the gag that was strapped to his face,  making it hard to breath. Also, he was starving, and he could tell that the burst of adrenaline he just had, wouldn't keep him going for long.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha started to pace in the foyer, taking in more and more space with her presence. "You skipped our last mission.", she shrugged like this was enough of a justification.
Steve couldn't breathe. Like literally couldn't take a breath. On the outside he probably looked pretty calm, he almost always did but inside it was a whole other picture.
His jaw ached and felt hot and there was red on the Widow's knuckles. But her eyes weren't on Wade, they were on Tony who stood in front of her.
They paid the lady and drove onto the lot. After finding a good spot for their car they got out and went over to the foodtrucks.
"You have friends?! I can barely make friends and I didn't grow up in a lab!", Wade cut him off and Peter glanced over at him with a soft smile.
Peter's mind was on
"Who Steve used to be?", Peter repeated with a raised eyebrow.
"Wanna draw me then?", Peter smirked before even thinking about it.
"I'm taking a vacation, that you're interrupting.", Tony snapped and she smirked at that like he had just told on himself.
"I love you so much. ", Peter whispered in between kisses, like a secret, like a prayer.
For a moment Wade took a step back and looked at what he was doing here. Did he really want to spend every night with Death, kill himself over and over and let her play with him like her own personal toy. Did he really want to sell himself to her like that?
around you. Being
But also, my vacation is over and I'm back at work. So I don't know how often I'll be able to update. It depends entirely on how busy the bookstore I work at is. When there isn't a lot of customers I have tons of time to write but that's not always given, so updates might get a bit irregular. I'll still try to update once a week, though.
"Fuck it...", he cussed before pulling his mask off and ignoring
"What do you think why I'm avoiding the boyfriends talk? Being boyfriends would definitely make me a cheater.", He whined before pressing the balls of his hands against his eyes.
"Peter?"
Peter was mumbling something to which the larger man replied quietly:"I talked to Death, she said you were gone." There was so much heartbreak in his voice that Tony was stunned for a second. Sure, he was aware that Wade cared for Peter, he wouldn't be here otherwise. But he hadn't realized the whole extent of it yet.
Bucky didn't point out that Tony's car was basically self-driving and he barely needed to watch the road. Instead he looked ahead and let Peter listen to the music without being watched. This much he could give him.
Once was a dangerous word. They left at night, the others might not notice their absence until morning. Until then it would definitely be too late. He had to alert them somehow.
"I don't care, just let me in!" The door slid open and Peter stepped in before it closed behind him again.
"Wha- Wade! What are you talking about?!", Steve gasped and Tony gave Wade a concerned look.
So Peter got out and made his way over to the entrance of the motel. Once he stepped into the foyer of the motel he froze. Three pairs of eyes landed on him, Karen's, MJ's and a random stranger's who stood with his back turned to Peter, a ski mask pulled over his face and a handgun in his hands, pointing at Karen before turning towards Peter.
Wade glared at Peter and when that didn't seem like enough he pulled his mask off. "You have no idea how love works, do you?"
This didn't seem to convince him entirely so Wade added:"I promise I won't rip her head off." Steve than let go off him and went on to grab Natasha's arm instead. They left silently and both Tony and Wade turned towards Peter, the tension leaving their bodies, gentle expressions taking the place of furious ones.
Peter's words ment something, his feelings ment something. Wade never knew how to be meaningful.
"Stop.", Gwen whispered, shaking her head but Peter still lifted his arm, still reach out towards her.
"Oh are you shocked? Am I startling?", Peter laughed. "YOU DID THIS TO ME!"
It wasn't dramatic and it didn't even catch Tony's eye until he heard the plate crash against the tile floor and shatter into dozens of shards.
Bucky took a glance at his phone before replying. "12 hours, give or take. " Peter almost choked on his own food.
They sat in silence for a moment. The screen had gone dark, most cars were gone but MJ didn't move to start her car up again. Instead she decided to break the silence.
It was dark when Peter woke up, dark, still and quiet. He was still in the car but he was by himself and a bolt of panic went through him when he realized that.  His eyes snapped to the empty seat beside him before a gasp worked it's way out of his throat. "Bucky?", he asked into the silence of the car, his voice hushed and unsure. A million possibilities rushed through his mind. Granted, they were all pretty unlikely, forged by a paranoid mind. All his fears began and ended with HYDRA.
"No. It was more of a one time occurrence, and after that I'm not too keen on trying them again. ", Peter replied, and looked up, his eyes meeting MJ's. She seemed relieved, somehow.
"Why would you think that?", he asked and Peter shrugged before looking up at him again.
"I'm sorry about that. Wasn't your fault, though.", Peter said simply and Wade had to chuckle slightly. "What's so funny?", Peter asked, turning his head slightly.
He picked up the jacket Bucky got him and put that one on, too, plus those same second hand sneakers Wade got him.
"Promises are useless.", Peter returned, his tone bitter and he had every right to be. Hadn't Bucky promised to protect him? And SHIELD had taken him anyways. He was reminded that Peter hadn't chosen him because he trusted Bucky, but because he was the lesser evil in Peter's mind. Or at least, the easiest option. Peter didn't actually forgive him.
"I coulda stopped him but I didn't wanna.", Wade pointed out, his hands in the pockets of his pants and a satisfied smile on his lips. Tony got it, he was also thrilled everytime Peter wasn't this timid, quiet boy that you couldn't speak to. But right now was just a bad time.
is exhausting.", he admitted and Bucky got the feeling that Peter didn't mean
"Not all of them.", he mumbled and he didn't have to look up at Death to know that she nodded. "Will he be okay?"
I might've been too drunk to think of actually posting it( which was a good thing,  sober-me had a lot of editing to do, the drunk version of this chapter was a mess) but at least it got me out of my petty-blockade.
"Why make your fake backstory depressing, too?", Bucky asked and this time Peter smirked. A sound as twisted and joyless as his smile.
"Was that a low key pun?", he asked and Peter smiled slightly before shrugging once more.
before bending over and burying his face in his hands. Peter flinched and pressed himself closer to the headboard but resisted the instinct to jump to the ceiling. Still, his body language must've shown his alarm because as soon as Tony looked up at him again he retreated back into his seat.
Also, I usually don't plan everything in my story ahead. I have a rough outline but that's it. Sometimes I get random plot ideas and boy oh boy did I come up with something.
He woke up from time to time, but not really. Unseeing eyes and slurred words, whimpers, pleading. Whenever Bucky listened to the boy begging for his life, or begging for his death, he wished that he'd just sleep.
The boy quickly scrambled away, his eyes shooting around the room frantically. "Hey... hey, you're okay. It was just a dream. You're not at HYDRA anymore, you're with me. Remember? We ate waffles...", Wade tried to calm him down and amazingly it seemed to work. Peter's eyes focused on Wade and he nodded shakily.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, I can't wait to meet the new subject of your interest.", she then said, an amused tone in her voice that Wade didn't like at all.
"Stark. You can't handle him!", Fury stated, for the donzenth time.
Stockholm-Syndrom before, they couldn't just trust this guy right away.
He gave his therapist a ring. He had stopped seing Dr Carson on a regular basis a year ago because he finally felt like he could manage his life on his own. Well, things felt less manageable now. It took him a whole hour to get her caught up on everything that had happened since they last saw each other. They went on from there, meeting once a week like they used to. It helped. Tony was still fucking miserable but all the distraction kept him afloat.
"She's taking him back to HYDRA.", Bucky said what they all thought, voiced the fear that stood between all of them.
"Not yet, not until I know why you're hiding from them.", Bucky replied. He really didn't want Peter to feel cornered and he tried to keep his cool, but he was really freaked out. Peter's reaction didn't help.
, his body was working, Peter felt like it shouldn't. He walked towards Wade, every inch closer made Peter's mind ache but it had to be, he had to be
"Uh- Yes, yes.", he stuttered. Where was this going?
That's all that Tony could think when he saw them. He was looking at the void and it was looking right back. "We're so sorry that we couldn't protect you." The voice sounded broken and foreign, it took Tony a second to realize that he had spoken. He was shaking. This was just wrong.
"And who are you?", he asked, a little harsher than intended and the fake Peter flinched once more.
For a while he did whatever was asked of him just for a little bit of light, warmth, something else besides cold terror.
"I'm an ass. I'm an ass for saying this and I'm a hypocrite for not being more understanding. I know, but I'm just...so fucking desperate. I don't know what to do."
Death, with her whole cyptic nature, had warned Wade that the dead weren't supposed to be alive. That Peter wouldn't be the same. While Tony didn't care for the consequences, he just wanted his son back, he was still worried.
"You don't have to. Nothing could ever make you forget the people you love, not really, I thought you knew that. ", she said with a wink and Peter raised his eyebrows.
"I don't know. Maybe I trust you, maybe you're just here, maybe because you're one of the only people that ever treated me like a person.", he lifted his head, locking eyes with Wade and Wade couldn't quite remember the last time someone stared at him this intensely. Must've been Vanessa. Everyone else always quickly looked away.
Rationally he knew that that was unlikely. But Wade wasn't a rational person, on the contrary. So his mind ran with this idea. It's not like he didn't expect it, either. He knew that Peter wouldn't need him anymore once he was with his family, knew that their time was limited, that Peter would grow tired of him eventually. This was probably it.
"Where are you really taking me? After the waffles, I mean.", his face didn't change but he sounded confused, irritated. Wade was just happy that he wasn't catatonic.
"Lovely, strong and way too good for me.", Wade shrugged, hoping that Peter would get it, that he'd somehow know.
Except for the wounds on the insides of his arms. They were scratches. When Bucky washed him he saw the blood beneath his nails. He possibly did this to himself.
"You've been through this. What's next?", Peter asked at some point. He still didn't look at Bucky.
"I know!", Peter sighed, covering his face with his hands before he remembered that he wasn't supposed to move. " It's just- I feel like if he wanted that he would've mentioned it by now. What if he's just... I don't know, having fun? What if he doesn't want me like that?"
"What?",Wade asked, his voice cracking. He couldn't get the image of Peter staring at him through dead eyes out of his mind. His toneless voice when he said:"Don't bother coming back." mixed in with the voices of his boxes.
"I'm on a road trip with my brother James and you?", Peter replied. The lie was an easy one to tell, it didn't feel completely false.
"My abdomen, went through- ", Peter replied, the pain of it finally hitting fully. He lifted his shirt, revealing the blood gushing wound on his stomach.
The boxes went on and on and while Wade knew that there was a good chance that they were right, that Peter would never forgive him, he clung to the hope that it were just the drugs. That they were still okay, or that they could be one day.
"Will you leave me?", it came out so quietly that Peter barely heard it himself.
It was fine, he was fine, Peter's wellbeing was worth it all.
, then
"Yeah of course. Wade, would you?", Tony said before glancing at Wade. He had seemed to notice the shift in tone as well, judging by the look he gave Tony.
"Says the hypocrite.", Peter pointed out, his tone a little sarcastic. He could do this. He could lead a normal conversation without freaking out and overanalysing every word.
"What?", Natasha asked, barely able to tear her eyes off Peter. Gwen had stepped next to him by now, holding onto his shoulder while she was trying to get him to look at her but Peter just continued to stare down Natasha.
Steve was so stunned by the honesty that it took him a second to reply. "But isn't that a bit pessimistic?", he asked and cursed himself straight away.
"I don't kill them,  you humans take care of that all by yourself. I just keep you separated. "
Tony needed a second to gather himself, blink away the tears but then he nodded. "Yeah- Yeah, of course. I'll let him in." With a pounding heart Tony left the room, running straight into Deadpool, or Wade, how Peter called him. "Hey, Daddy-o, you okay?", he asked, holding onto his shoulders. Tony looked around frantically, shaking his head slightly.
"Okay... dad... ", Peter said, his voice shaky but his smile genuine. "I ment to say, that I don't want to be angry all the time, I don't want to fight you every step of the way, I want to trust you, I'm not there yet but I'm working on it. But- I don't know- I guess I want you to know that I'm glad that you're my dad, and that you're my family. And that I- that I love you."
"Yeah, sorry to break it to you but you aren't special in that regard.", Wade smirked before sitting up more and stretching. He was a little stiff from sleeping in the chair but it was fine. "I hope I didn't wake you up.", he then said, worry creeping in. Wade knew that he could be a bit of a screamer, too and he wouldn't want to be the one to disrupt Peter's sleep.
"Is something wrong?"
Anyways, back to the story. This one was fluffy again but as you might be able to tell it's the last one and we're heading straight back to awful-town. Can't wait to show you what I have in store!
Their next destination after the Grand Canyon was the Hamilton Pool in Texas and then Caddo Lake further east. It took them several days to reach Yellowstone, but seeing the geysers was worth it.
"Do you think Wade will ever come here.", Peter asked. That was his biggest fear for now. Everyone died eventually. His family would lead their lives and then they would join him. Everyone except for Wade. The thought of never seeing him again was painful. It was the only pain Peter still experienced.
"Yes I am, there's no point in denying it. ", he stated bluntly. It was the truth, he didn't care that it was. He was fucked. And he understood that not everyone was willing to put up with him.
"Oh! Yeah- but you don't- I know you weren't thinking straight- so you don't have to- if you don't want-", Wade started to stammer because he couldn't accept that this was happening. A part of him, mainly his boxes, had almost convinced him that Peter had lied, that it had just been a spur of the moment thing, that Peter didn't really feel that way about Wade.
"Gwen! Where are you going and where is Peter?", Tony demanded to know, his tone sharp and commanding and Peter could've cried out of relief. It worked.
"I- I can't get the collar off- he can't heal- he-", Gwen whimpered. Wade only now spotted the metal collar around Peter's neck and his heart skipped a beat.
Wade had brought it up to Tony and Steve but without consulting with Peter on the topic (which never went well) neither of them knew what to make of that.
"Is that something other than cynicism I hear there?", Steve asked with a cheeky smile, slipping his hand into Tony's.
"It's not overreacting... I can see where you are coming from. But you'll be fine. Trust me.", Wade then replied, much gentler now.
"Shit...sorry...sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. I'm sorry. ", he rambled, the apology was frantic and felt like it had an urgency and Peter couldn't help but to think of Gwen. Trying to protect Peter from himself while brokenly apologizing.
Since neither of them had anything better to do they decided to do it the next day, so needless to say, the next morning Peter was pretty fucking nervous. He was surprised that he actually managed to sleep through the night with no major nightterrors.
"Not gonna lie, I didn't really believe you.", he confessed.
"Yeah, ' cause you switched off his emotions.", Wade spoke through gritted teeth. Lorenz gave him a cold glare but kept up her smile, not replying to his jab. This woman gave Wade the creeps.
He was just about to call out Peter's name when Peter shifted ever so slightly. He still didn't look at Bucky, but he replied. "I don't want to be around a lot of people.", he said, his voice a bit distant but otherwise toneless. A beat of silence followed and, Bucky thought that that'd be all.
Okay! Here you have chapter two. I promise this story isn't just gonna be tons of angst with nothing in between, I do have a plot planned that will set in motion next chapter but I just needed to take some time to establish where everyone is at emotionally. I hope you enjoyed it and leave a review! Your comments motivate me so much!
"And are we fans of the buzz cut?", Wade asked and Peter glanced up at him with a small smirk.
(See the end of the chapter for
How did Wade know this? Well, it all started with a devastated Tony Stark, calling in an Avengers meeting to explain that his missing son had been found but was missing again. The news was met with joy
"What...?", Peter asked, his eyes growing wide and Wade continued before his own fear could silence him.
Suddenly he thought back to his first night with Wade, to the motel and the yard where he laid down and looked up at the night sky for the first time.  He had laughed, truly laughed for the first time that night, with tears streaming down his face.
Wade quickly jumped up and made his way to the roof. When he arrived Peter was already waiting for him, glancing over his shoulder with a nervous smile that made Wade's heart flutter.
"Peter where are we? What is this?", Gwen asked once the two of them had calmed down enough to lead a conversation again. They still didn't seperate, though.
the only person she cared about! And she knows that it could happen again at any time. She doesn't want to be a danger.", Tony explained and he sounded so fucking genuine that Peter really wanted to believe him. But he had been burned so many times that he just couldn't.
Wade needed a moment to access the situation. The bed Peter slept in only minutes ago was completely ripped up, as if a feral animal went wild with it. It took him a solid minute to figure out that Peter wasn't even awake.
"It's very bad for your health.", Bucky explained after releasing another cloud of smoke. It was difficult to take that warning serious when Bucky was currently smoking. Also, Peter didn't care much for his health anyways.
Once they put him on a bed, naked, and told him to keep his arms pressed to the headboard above his head as they cut him open just to watch him heal again. He had to stay present then, or the punishment would be much greater.
Now Peter was the one hesitate, to gather his thoughts. "His name is Wade. He... he is one of the best people I've ever met, and that might not sound like much because I haven't met many good people but he's- he's amazing. I wouldn't be alive without him. But beyond all that he's caring and kind, and he can handle my shit and he's hilarious and I just...I don't know...I think I might be in love with him."
Peter was silent for a while, minutes passed by and he didn't react at all. "Hello? Earth to Spider-Boy? You still with me?", Wade asked after a while.
Bucky should be talking to Steve, he should be consoling him. He should be telling him that everything would be okay. Or even better, he should be telling him that Peter was alive and fine, as fine as he could be, considering his upbringing. But Bucky couldn't do that, not as long as he didn't understand why Peter was keeping this to himself, why he was running. If he told on Peter without his consent he'd just lose his trust.
When he woke up he asked for Gwen. She was gone. In SHIELD custody. Needless to say , Peter was not amused. He was fucking pissed. He just couldn't fathom how they managed to make the same fucking mistake over and over again.
Death melted against his touch and looked up at him, they were so close that Wade could tell that she wasn't breathing. "He will be happy, here. Life is painful. If you want peace for him you should let him stay here.", she said simply and Wade actually believed her to be genuine. He considered that possibility, only for moment, but he did consider it. What if Peter didn't want to come back? What if being dead was easier? In the end, he decided against it, though.
Peter was screaming, had been for the last 30 minutes. Wade only went to the bathroom for a few minutes and he thought the boy would be fine, since he had slept for the last few hours without any problems.
"I'm not done yet-", Peter forced himself to say after another wave of bloody agonizing coughs. "Second- Gwen. Take care of her, please! This isn't her fault and she'll need your help, please, if you care about me, help her- she needs you. Promise you'll help her. ", he pleaded and even though it would be hard, even though Wade knew that he'd never completely forgive Gwen, he nodded.
"You didn't!",he insisted but he could tell that Gwen wasn't convinced. "You really didn't! I don't know why I flinched."
"We're crowding him, he's overwhelmed.", Bucky heard himself say. They had to start doing what Peter wanted at some point. Bucky decided that now was the time. "I'll stay with him so that he can calm down.", he added. Peter gave him a look that he couldn't quite read. It might've been something like relief or gratitude.
"Waffles. I'd really miss your waffles.", Peter replied, a wide smile spreading on his face, glorious but deceptive. There was something more, something Peter wasn't telling him. Wade could hardly blame him.
At least he hoped that it would go that way. There was no way to tell how Peter would react. The boy was knocked out cold for hours now, outside the rising sun started to paint the sky in shades of rose and orange.
"I said eyes on the road, shit-liar. I didn't survive my own suicide attempt just to die in a car crash because you were too busy ogling me to watch the road.", he said in this tone that wasn't quite snappy but definitely frustrated.
"Like what?", he asked innocently.
"I won't let him out of my sight. I promise.", he quickly said before looking back at Peter. " That's okay, isn't it?", he asked the boy.
"I'm sorry, I- I know... I
. Maybe she wouldn't hurt him if he smiled, too. Maybe it wouldn't be as bad if he pretended that it wasn't.
That's how he practically dragged Peter outside. The motel they were staying in had a pool area that was still lit and completely empty so Wade brought him there. He wanted to put him on one of the sun loungers but suddenly Peter pulled his arm free and collapsed to the ground. He stayed on his hands and knees for a second while he tried to catch a breath and Wade didn't know what to do until he let himself fall to one side and rolled onto his back. Peter laid on the ground spread eagle style and he was still breathing heavily but he seemed calmer than he had all night.
"Yes, but I'm in a different mindset. I- I feel like I'm back at HYDRA and that I- I did something wrong and that I need to get punished. And when I don't-"
So far they stuck to teen movies and chic flicks because those were less likely to be triggering. Wade didn't tell Peter that that was the reason he picked them, though. He pretened like he was just trying to get Peter caught up on millenial and gen-z pop culture.
Peter felt like he was trying to trick him, to get him to make a mistake. "You asked.", the reply was insufficient. He knew that he said the wrong thing by the way Tony pulled his eyebrows together into a frown.
Wade almost flinched at that, horror gripping onto his insides, making it hard to breathe. What an awful thought, that Peter expected his father to punish him. That he still expected that Wade would hurt him. It served as a reminder that no matter how well they got along, Peter didn't trust him, not really, he couldn't.
"Peter!", he exclaimed, alarm in his voice and that single word turned the situation from bad to awful.
"A locked door usually means that the person who locked it doesn't want to be disturbed." They found him crouching against the wall above the door, staring down at them.
As furious as Steve was, he knew that she ment it. Natasha was doing what she considered right. "You have a great way of showing it.", he snapped and she bit down on her lip.
A strange silence followed, like an intermission between two acts. The only sound was the music and the squeaky wheels of their shopping cart as Wade pushed it through the store.
"I know how that sounds but I had my reasons.", Wade stated, his voice clipped. Peter's confusion and resentment quickly melted away, making room for anxiety. He had crossed a line, he shouldn't have said that, he should just keep his mouth shut and hope that Wade wasn't too mad.
"You're making the afterlife quite appealing to someone who can hardly bear to be alive.", Peter replied but there was a tone in his voice, a trace of amusement that told Wade that Peter wasn't serious, not entirely at least. It was a relief more than anything.
"Oh...okay. No, the plan is fine by me.", he nodded before taking another slice of bread.
"Okay, I'll get you some actual clothes, Steve, can you get some food going?",Tony announced.
In the dream he had no body, no name, no voice or thoughts. He wasn't anything but he still existed. Around him everything was dark, he floated in a sea of black and nothing had any meaning except for the voice, the only real tangible thing.
"I don't want to, though.", Peter argued. Now was really not the fucking time.
The whole time he didn't stop eating. Apparently the bread fired up his appetite and he was on his 3 egg and 4 waffle now. He dipped the waffle into marmalade and stuffed it into his mouth.
"I'm good. I'm perfect"
(See the end of the chapter for
The thing was, Peter didn't have to tell her anything but on the very short list of people Peter cared about there was now a new spot for MJ and she had already seen his powers, already recognized Bucky and already proven herself trustworthy. "An experiment gone wrong.", he replied with sigh before telling her everything, about his powers, about how he got them, about who did this to him, about how he got out. Telling his own story felt strange, he felt disconnected, like he wasn't really talking about himself, maybe he was dissociating, he hadn't felt quite steady ever since his fight with the robber.
I'm super excited for this part of the story, not gonna lie, I have some cool stuff planned.
What happened next Tony wasn't exactly sure. Maybe it was because he still wasn't eating enough, or maybe the lack of sleep (according to FRIDAY Peter slept up to 3 hours on a good night) or maybe the general emotional exhaustion that seemed to be Peter's primary mood, but he slipped, or tripped or something.
They never let him die though, no matter how much Peter begged for it, no matter how close he got. His body could, unfortunately, take a whole lot of shit, even when his mind couldn't.
"He'll be fine...", Bucky whispered. Then he heard Tony scream.
"Maybe.", Peter shrugged with a small grin and Wade already felt less awful.
"Then fuck off, maybe?", he snapped and Peter's breath hitched which no one seemed to notice. He still didn't move his body, just his eyes. He lowered them until he was looking at the notebook. Bucky's handwriting that almost looked like chicken scratch and not actual letters, the coffee stain on the upper left corner, the scratched out sentence that Bucky tried to erase so badly that there was a hole in the paper, the word "asset" that he had marked with yellow. His eyes wandered to his hands, they were shaking, just a little, mostly because he was holding onto the books so tightly. He didn't ease up though. He couldn't.
"Peter. I'll say this real slow and as clearly as possible to make sure that you get it through your stubborn head. I'll stay here, not because I feel responsible for you but because I care about you. I care, much more than is appropriate and I kept my distance because I thought you wanted that. But the truth is, I fucking
"Peter?" Tony's voice was careful, cautious, like he was afraid to break Peter. How predictable. He thought he could hide, put up a brave front but Peter knew that he was made of glass. Fragile and see-through.
"Your dads called me, said you needed my help. ", Wade replied and Peter's reaction was like a punch to the gut. The boy rolled with his eyes before getting up and turning his back on Wade.
"No it's not. I'm dead, and Wade can't die. ", Peter replied. He hadn't forgotten his last moment, how he had lain in Wade's arms as his lungs filled with blood. He was dead, and if he was dead, this had to be the afterlife, which ment-
"No.", he only replied before continuing to shovel the food in his mouth.
"I warned you.", she said before pulling Wade down and pressing her lips against his. Wade tried to imagine kissing Peter instead.
"Oh god, is it you? Is it really you?!", she gasped out separating just ever so slightly to look at Peter's face, cupping it with her hands.
No matter what it was that connected the two, Bucky was just glad that Peter made a friend and seemed to enjoy himself, when he was around her. She made him laugh and vice versa and Bucky figured that that was something special for both of them.
Their breakfast was silent. The ride was silent. Everyone was in their own heads, battling their own worries and fears. They took a quinjet to DC and the hours they spend flying felt endless and only seconds long at the same time. It's like he blinked and they were there but he also felt several centuries older. Tony briefly wondered if that's how it felt for Peter when he lost time.
He sat up. The room was spinning and he needed a second to focus. He needed to be numb again. Everything was burning and he just wanted to be cold. The bed was empty, except for him, was he at SHIELD? It looked like his room at home but it was dark, he couldn't be sure. He wasn't alone. Peter was never alone. He couldn't be trusted by himself. Wade was there, watching him. This was good. Wade wouldn't let him mess up too bad. He wouldn't be too mad at him for messing up.
Another loaded question, but now Bucky was the one who was unsure of what to to reply. "Nothing. Everything. You're done with HYDRA, with SHIELD. The rest of your life is next.", he finally said. Whatever came next was what Peter made it out to be.
"What?", both Tony and Steve asked in unison while Wade excitedly clapped.
"Tell him we have another Code 723. I want to get the test over as quickly as possible."
"I wouldn't say that I didn't like it there. It's just...", Peter struggled
"That I love you. And that I'm very proud of you, because I am.", Tony replied and something about it hit differently that time.  Peter was not ready to confront the feeling that this gave him yet. So he put that away for later and just accepted it for now.
The traffic in NY was insane but Tony insisted that Peter wasn't supposed to use public transport. Too many people. Peter didn't complain. He also didn't complain about the wristwatch he couldn't take off which contained a tracker in case Peter got kidnapped a third time. He was just glad that he didn't need a baby sitter all day every day anymore so he put up with Tony's rules.
He didn't resent Steve for going off with Stark. Steve had built a life for himself in the future. Bucky had to do the same and he needed to do it by himself. He chose to leave the Avengers  compound, to move out and live alone. It was right that way, he was sure of it. Still, it was tough on him. Bucky hadn't been alone since... ever, really. It was something he had to get used to.
He had arrived at a weird point in the conversation. Peter was far more communicative than usual and if he wanted to talk about this Wade really didn't want to stop him. But this whole topic was a minefield of possible catastrophes. Still, he dared to ask the next question."Did you ever try to-"
"Wait, what's your name?", he asked.
Peter was staring at a door, then down at the clock on his phone, then back at the door. Natasha said that she would meet them at 1 pm. It was now 12:55. Peter was counting the seconds.
. That was Wade as he passed through Kansas.
Bucky hadn't taken care of anything for decades, except maybe his houseplants and those were pretty fucking dead. But maybe taking care of a little punk was like riding the bike. After awhile he got right back into it.
"Peter, I know you hate me, but-", Natasha said, as she put her phone away.
The boy was curled up on the couch, his legs pulled to his chest and his head resting on his knees. By now he changed into sweatpants and a loose shirt. He looked so incredibly small, his too large eyes observing the other men in the room intently as they explained the plan.
"I don't feel like one.", Peter returned, taking a closer look at his ID. "Where did you get the picture?"
Okay, this one's super short and I'm sorry but I had a huge migraine so I slept through most of the day and that's all I managed.
Once he woke up he never knew what it ment. It didn't mean anything, right? It was just a dream...right?
"Oh no, you definitely did. You made a fucking friend. ", Bucky nodded, sounding so fucking satisfied.
"I stopped at a shop along the way. You slept through it. ", Bucky shrugged simply before handing Peter a ham sandwich that Peter immediately sunk his teeth into. He hadn't even noticed how hungry he was. Hadn't they just eaten?
He wondered if he was alone. Probably not. He wondered if he could be alone for long enough to end this. Peter had felt like this before, this was familiar. He had been sure that he was ready to die many times, he had tried to get it over with, too. Killing himself was difficult. He'd have to find a way to hurt himself so much that he'd die before his body could heal. His hands wouldn't do. Maybe a knife. He needed a knife or scissors or something.
Peter didn't stop her, he didn't flinch back because he didn't feel threatened. He just let it happen. Their lips collided.
"Outside, by the beach maybe. We're secluded enough to be safe and if I were you I'd be crawling up the walls from being holed up in here by now, literally in your case.", Tony replied with the slightest smirk on his lips.
Whenever his real person came through, whoever he was, it wasn't a relief, not really. It didn't leave you feeling lighter because it only ever made things harder. It was waking up to Kid screaming in his sleep. It was coming into the room and seeing Kid stare out the window, tears streaming down his face. It was seeing Kid twitch when ever Bucky got to close, even if only for a second in passing by.
He didn't get far, though. His messed up leg was healing but it was still very fragile and he collapsed almost instantly. He yelped in pain but still continued to drag himself as far away from Bucky as possible. All while more and more tears streamed down his face that he tried to wipe away and hide.
"-but he completely freaked out.", Wade finished with a sigh and Tony nodded miserably. Wade let out a deep sigh as he tried to get his mind, and his boxes, to shut the fuck up so that he could form a coherent thought. "It isn't a big deal to you but it is to him, Peter was abused for the majority of his life, if he does something wrong, even something little, he expects punishment, might even crave it. It's sick. ", Wade mumbled, his hand running over his face.
Now it was Peter's turn to sigh and bury his face in his hands. He didn't know, if he really wanted to talk about this, but he'd already gone this far, so he might as well go the extra mile.
"Nobody asked me anything before.", Peter replied, as if that was obvious.
"MJ! Let me explain!", Peter called out but she was already gone. So Peter forced himself to get to his feet and follow her.
"And you?", Peter asked, letting out a dry laugh. "Are you doing damage control?" The joke fell flat, as expected and Tony pulled a face.
For a second Steve couldn't pinpoint who the boy reminded him of, then it hit him. Fake-Peter reminded him of Bucky, when he first saw him again as the Winter Soldier. Something dark and animalistic resided in those eyes but there was also panic, horror, confusion. The thought sent shivers down Steve's spine.
"I now don't feel miserable just because of the presence of people that care about me.", Peter told him. Wade just kept on being amazed by Peter. He seemed more confident somehow, more at ease.
"I'd never leave you, okay? I promise, it's you and me, remember? I'm not going anywhere.", Peter reassured her.
"Your arm-", Karen breathed out, her eyes wide and confused but MJ had already put two and two together.
"And what? You can? We at least have an idea of what makes him tick. Do you? Is he hiding in a corner of the ceiling? Is he clawing at his arms? Or is he just fucking catatonic? We can help him when he gets like that, can you?!" Tony's patience was all but gone now.
"What?", Peter asked confused as he pulled on his sweater and stumbled after her.
"And did you, by any chance, act violently ever since you met Natasha?", Tony asked, looking at Natasha now, a smug expression on his face.
"Get out of my fucking way, you bitches!", he screamed, impaling them on his katanas like they were shashlik, leaving a trail of bodies.
That left him with option d). Take him home, treat him himself, keep him secret until he knows more. It wasn't without risks. Maybe HYDRA was tracking him, even though Bucky doubted that. They would've picked him up by now, if they could do that. And even if he had a tracker, that was a risk with any other option. He also wasn't a medical professional. But out of all the options, this was the best one.
"You think his friend's got something to do with it?", Bruce asked, eyeing Deadpool.
"Not my intention.", Wade mumbled. Peter let out a non committal sound and shrugged once more before letting himself slide off the roof. Wade's heart skipped a beat and he was about to scream when he realized that Peter was just... standing...at the side of the building. God it looked weird when he did that.
Peter shrugged with one shoulder and pulled a face. Bucky needed a second to realize that he was smirking, only with one corner of his mouth, but still. He had no idea that the boy was capable of that. "Didn't feel like talking. Too exhausting.", he then supplied which in turn was something Bucky could actually wrap his mind around. He'd get moods like this, were he wasn't verbal at all. Granted, he never stayed silent for several days, but he could imagine feeling drained like that. Especially when you weren't used to being social, or when being alive was already exhausting enough. He wasn't sure which one applied to Peter, maybe both.
But tight now I'll just leave you to wonder what happens next! I hope you enjoyed it and leave a review! They are honestly the most motivating thing ever!
"Yeah, sorta.", She admitted with a sigh. "I mean, he still said that he loves you.", she tried but Peter wasn't convinced. He had told himself the same thing a thousand times. The words had lost their reassuring effect and had quickly turned meaningless.
Peter swallowed before answering. "Can't sleep. The usual. Wade's asleep, though. He sounds like a walrus when he snores. I mean, I don't really know what a walrus sounds like but I imagine it to sound like that.", Peter replied and Steve was pretty sure he saw a smile curl around his lips. "Anyways, I was actually looking for Bucky."
"You look better. I almost didn't recognize you. You look like an actual person.", Gwen said and he could hear a shadow of amusement in her voice.
Another Bucky chapter!
"You can Google it, wait, that reminds me.", Bucky said before reaching into the pocket of his jacket, pulling out a STARK phone and handing it to Peter. "I got you this as well."
"I'm good, I really am.", Peter groaned, reaching for Bucky's hands, lifting the jacket away and revealing his wound that already stopped bleeding. "It's already closing.", he pointed out.
"We'll see about that.", he whispered, leaning his head against the window.
MJ handled Peter's family pretty well, she was more put off by Tony's excessive displays of wealth than the fact that they were Avengers and after a house tour and after MJ got all of her anti-capitalism comments out, she had settled in.
"You're right.", Tony's voice sounded unsure but Steve was surprised to get a reply at all. He assumed that he was mostly talking to himself.
"Everybody but you.", Death agreed before stepping closer and pulling him into a kiss and when his lips met hers they weren't bone. They were soft and warm and human, they reminded him of Vanessa, of home. And then they were gone. Just like her.
by Matt Maeson.
Whenever something truly devastating happened, it didn't take long for Tony to drown his sorrows in a bottle. He always got back on track eventually.
With that he left and even though Peter was glad that he was gone, that he didn't have to hold back the uncontrollable sobs that tore through his chest only seconds later, he also ached for something, anything, anyone.
Nat wasn't impressed by that, she rarely was by anything. She just cocked her head to one side, her expression still not faltering. "My secrets are in the past, they can't hurt anyone anymore, yours are in the present."
This was it.
"What did you do to her?", Peter asked. Keipon loved a good speech, loved to share his fucked up genius. If Peter got him to waffle for a bit he could buy himself more time, could buy his family more time.
"Okay, maybe I sort of did, now shut up!", he admitted reluctantly. When he looked up again Bucky had shut his mouth but there was a glint in his eyes.
"I...Guess you're right... I haven't processed it, yet. ", Peter shrugged before sitting down on the couch across from her. He was dead, he knew that, but he didn't quite believe it yet. He still felt the sense of panic he had felt right before the end, the worry he felt for Gwen, the regret.
Peter chewed at his lip, struggling to say it, but when he did it was like he had read Bucky's mind. "Please don't ask what happened to me." It was a quiet, pitiful plea and Bucky knew that it hurt him. That it hurt Peter to ask for something.
"Kill myself?", Peter asked before letting out a huff. "Yeah. About two or three times. Maybe more. I don't remember.", it was too casual, too conversational and Wade suddenly realized how he sounded to other people.
"What do you want to talk about?", Wade asked him and the smile returned to Peter's face. There was something cheeky about it and goddamn, Wade would do almost anything to have Peter look at him like that.
Wade took note of how Peter didn't start talking right away, didn't even face him, he was still watching the closed door like he expected someone to barge in. Wade couldn't stop his own leg from bouncing nervously.
Hesitation, then a nod. Bucky rushed out of the bedroom and into the kitchen where he made the first thing he could think of that wasn't all that time consuming. He still had chicken soup in his fridge that he reheated. Then he grabbed a bit of bread and a bottle of water, before carrying it all back into the bedroom.
The thing was, a part of him had lost hope that she'd ever want to see him again. He wasn't sure what he had done, why she had banished him out of her life.
Gwen was silent, just sitting beside Peter staring at nothing. When Peter asked her, if she was alright, a stupid question really, neither of them were anywhere near alright in the grand scheme of things, she just nodded before adding. "I'm just taking it all in."
"That's what you don't understand. None of us were ready but we don't have time to wait until we're ready. If we do, it might be too late."
The waiter returned, a boy with a sweaty face and a blond buzz cut, Peter thought they were probably similar in age, then again, Peter didn't know his own age anymore.
"Shut up!", he pleaded but this didn't wipe the grin off Bucky's face. "I'm just... I don't know, I look like a mop.", he confessed eventually. It wasn't like he was trying to dress up or anything, he just wanted to maybe look a bit less pathetic.
That seemed to have been the wrong thing to say because Tony pulled a face, but to his credit he still stayed calm when he replied:"He isn't necessarily better than you, he's just three years ahead of you in your recovery process. Give yourself some time."
"But who will bring you home then?", Wade asked and he sounded aggressively nonchalant. Sometimes Peter thought that maybe he wasn't crazy. Maybe Wade really was keeping something from him. That was one of those times.
Wade had just finished a job in south-california when he got the call.
"Wait, you don't mind?", Wade asked genuinely confused. Peter didn't look at him when he replied, his eyes looking out the window, one hand pressed against it.
"Yeah...", he mumbled.
Peter froze and then he turned and there she was, Gwen, an empty expression on her face and a gun in her hand.
"Of me?", he asked, assuming that that's what it was. He wouldn't be offended if Peter agreed, or at least he'd try not to be.
"For what?"
"So what do you expect will happen, I bring him back, he lives another 60 years if he's lucky, he'll grow and age and die and then we'll be right back here, nobody is forever, except for you and me.", she said, clearly frustrated but Wade didn't care, he had heard what he needed to hear.
Still, when he saw Steve's paintings, huge canvases that showed brutal, abstract and emotional motives, he had been surprised. He hadn't known that Steve had it in him.
"That's what I mean. They put you on drugs that switch off your emotions.", Wade explained. He had no way of knowing how much Peter had been aware of during his stay with SHIELD.
"Why would I want them back? When have my emotions ever been something positive?", Peter asked and now that he actually looked at Wade he wouldn't stop. Those relentless cold eyes just stared him down.
Then, finally she let out a shaky sigh and a single tear trailed down her cheek as she smiled. "You know that I love you, right? You know that everything I said before they activated me was real.", She asked and it was like she was pleading Peter to believe her, not that it was necessary. She squeezed his hands in hers, her skin was so much warmer than his.
"Gwen isn't staying here. She's coming with us. ", Peter stated like it was fact. Wade could tell that Peter wouldn't voluntarily leave without her, he'd die on this hill.
"Are you suddenly trusting me or what? 'Cause that would be hella rushed relationship development.", Wade then asked and Peter looked up at him.
Once they joined the others in the kitchen, their long break wasn't mentioned and Peter was thankful for that. Steve had made sandwiches for them and they all ate together. Peter could tell that Gwen was only barely eating and it took him a second to figure out why. Even back at HYDRA Gwen used to do this. She'd ration her food and hide the left overs to have something in case they weren't fed later. She was doing the same now, probably just waiting for an opportunity to pocket the sandwich. Peter leaned over to her, making sure that no one else was paying attention before whispering in her ear:"It's okay, you don't need to safe it, you can have as much as you like. "
"Not really. I'm gay. ", she pointed out with a shrug.
"Sorry, you first. ", He said and Gwen chewed on her lip for a moment before taking a careful step forward.
. Hearing those words come out of her mouth made Peter sick. But the words also gave him a sense of victory, a small one, but still. Apparently their plan was to just reactivate him, they didn't know yet that he was deprogrammed. That the trigger words didn't work anymore. He might have just a slight advantage here. He might last long enough for his family to get him.
"Wade, back so soon?", she asked with Vanessa's familiar voice, familiar smile, familiar sparkle in her eyes and
There were questions. Who could do something like this to a child? Why? What was their motivation? Their end goal? If it was to rip out Tony's heart and crush it into dust, they succeeded. It didn't matter, though.
"No reason to be. Wasn't your fault but mine.", Wade said, keeping his tone calm.
"It's-It's Peter. He's downstairs.", Steve said, trying to get it out as quickly as possible. Like ripping off a bandaid. He could watch the horror and disbelief creep into Tony's eyes.
"If you say so "  That ended the conversation for a while. At least until Wade left the highway and drove to the nearest wafflehouse, stopping in front of it. Peter stared out the window with big eyes and then looked back at Wade, narrowing them.
