Steve smiled and the heartache brought about from his account began to fade at Tony’s statement. Instead, he was reminded of that day he had shaved Tony’s face in the past…it was the same day he started to fancy the man from the future.
“Tony…What would you have me do? How else can we save Peter?” Steve wrapped his arms tightly around his husband and felt him tremble more violently beneath his touch. With a shuddering gasp, Steve begged, “
And, of course, there was also TMZ asking them their usual inane questions that always made Tony laugh. He and Steve nicknamed them flamingos and they were always happy to see one of them instead of the vultures.
“Where were you?” Peter asked, his sentence only containing a slight hint of the infantile accent he had when Steve first met him. He still messed up on words but more sounds were becoming easier to him. When he first came across him he used to pronounce “you” as “shu.”
Steve pulled back and smiled gratefully at Bucky. He stated, “As long as you’re with me, Bucky. I will be just fine.”
He was back in his bedroom at Aunt May’s and he could hear her singing to herself like she always did when she cooked.
Steve’s teammates knew what to do. He had given them their orders already and knew they would move proficiently. With the exception of Tony, Tony was not answering his communicator and Jarvis was eerily silent.
Natasha came back to the workshop once all of her teammates went to bed. They were all exhausted in trying to plan a way to save Steve, Tony especially so.
He blindly walked into the living room with his hand still over his eyes and walked in the general direction of the hall.
Peter looked down at him only to find him smiling at Peter. Peter choked out a pained laugh and gasped, “Of course you like the idea of this thing liking you.”
“Yes, the Man of Iron usually is one step ahead of his opponents,” Thor agreed, sounding quite certain of his statement.
“Wh-Where’s Peter?” Wade gasped to Tony. Tony felt his emotions seesaw right there. His husband was dying right in front of him but what about his son??
"You're with the mechanics' division, Mr...?" Peggy inquired fluidly taking a seat on Steve's other side. Howard went to the other side of the table and sat across from her.
The collective group chuckled at their bickering but the Commandos openly stared at Tony with unbridled curiously. The only times Steve had brought people to their table was if he was going to be inducting them into the team.  Jacques was especially eyeing the new "mechanic" inquisitively and poked Gabe, murmuring something to him in French.
Tony grasped his shoulder and murmured, “I know…And I’m just worried that Steve may feel as you do on the inside…”
“GET HIM AWAY FROM ME!” Steve screamed and wildly kicked his legs to push himself away from his son.
“We should test it out on the streets and see how it reacts to big crowds, traffic, and the weather,” Eddie stated, pulling Peter toward the lab exit.
The paparazzi always barraged Tony with questions about his sex life, the supposed new alcohol or drug scandal of the week, the dangers of his Iron Man suit, telling him who hated him, telling him who hated him but wanted to fuck him…
In the time spent before the hearing, Tony was with him nearly every waking moment. He was the first thing he saw when he woke up in the morning and the last thing he saw at night. Tony made him happier than he’d ever been but there was always that little anxious feeling in the back of his head. He’d wake up in the middle of the night and instantly feared he was alone and in prison.
“I don’t really want to think about it…” Peter murmured more to himself. No one wants to think about their parents having sex.
Steve chuckled and whispered, “Sorry…I’ve just barely had you back for an hour and, with our luck, I just assumed the worst.”
Everyone has hopes and dreams but everyone also has an end. And as he looked at Steve, he realized he knew all of it: his hopes, that dream of the future, and the day in which it all come crashing down in a damaged Hydra plane…No one in the course of human history ever possessed such knowledge. Yeah, some people may have known they were dying from a disease or they planned to murder someone. But it was never certain. It was never a fact.
Peter frowned bitterly at the paperwork in front of him. Feeling like a petulant child, he whined, “But
"You are such an ass,” Peter muttered. He pointed his hand to a faraway building and shot off his web shooter. A white web blasted across the sky and hit the said building. He jumped and Tony followed.
Steve expected him to take off his top first by the way Tony had been touching his torso but the mad genius bypassed that and went straight for Steve’s belt.
Steve wound his arms around Tony’s head and rocked him as he began to weep again. The alcohol made his once strong husband into a weaker version of himself. It crushed Steve to see Tony like this, at his lowest and most wretched.
Peter went back downstairs and pulled his father’s photo out of the album. He searched, looking for any minute detail of similarity, but could not find a single. Peter’s stomach clenched uneasily and a resolve built within him. He jumped to his feet and ran over to the closet.
And, for the first time since entering the dreamscape, Steve let a wall grow between them. The last Steve saw of Tony’s face was a hurt, betrayed expression.
But, the fact of the matter that was weighing down on Tony’s mind was that Peter had spent the night at Wade’s and Tony was trying
Peter stepped back from the photo and let himself fall back onto his bed. After he landed, he kicked off his shoes then did the same with his jeans (there was something nasty on the bottom left cuff which he did not want in the bed).
There was no questioning where they'd sit. Steve felt like he walked quicker and he knew Bucky was smirking at him but Steve didn't care because Tony was smiling at him.
They pulled apart chuckling. Steve met Tony’s eyes and saw his gaze was alive with the belief in his conviction. Steve fell for him a little more but he did not care. At that moment, he knew Tony would lay down his life for Peter, a boy he barely knew.
“No,” Steve replied before any of Tony’s lawyers could dictate otherwise. For this, he wanted to get the record straight.
The team grumbled their conditions and all were fine. Tony even swatted away his hands and said, “I'm alright, Cap.” Behind them an army of mercenaries was melting out of the traffic and Tony ordered, “J, get us out of here!”
The final chapter is finally here! Before you start reading, if you'd like to read the last scene in ch. 9 from Tony's POV please click
It was only after Natasha had learned from his tutelage and began to match him in skill that the once emotionless Winter Soldier began to feel something for the first time in a long time: fear.
,” Steve gasped in surprise as Wade stepped into the room, finally showing himself. Steve greeted, “Hello, Wade.”
Steve would be charged but would probably be released on bail but he would most likely be disallowed from leaving the state until end of trial. Press would increase exponentially and the reporters would be digging everything from his past to get a story out of him. Which led to them asking…
Gabe slowly walked up to the table, his eyes locked on the light on Tony’s chest, but, as he took his place by the table. He began to look at the rest of him. He lightly touched one of the bigger veins and, with the sudden burst of pain, Tony hissed, “Oh –! That’s sensitive!”
Thor was the most upset of them all as he still did not understand earthling ways. The Norse God demanded, “Why are the heralds delivering false and slanderous information?! This cannot stand!”
Peter sat in his new high chair with Ben sitting in front of him. Cheerios were spread out across the tray in front of him and he and Ben seemed to be playing a game with them. Ben also looked up when they entered and smirked to himself before turning his attention back to Peter.
Tony looked down at him with glassy eyes and a clenched jaw. He was clenching his jaw so tightly, Steve was surprised his teeth hadn’t cracked from the pressure. He shushed soothingly to him, petting his hands, and Tony gingerly sat down with a resigned expression. Steve collected both his hands and kissed his knuckles, whispering, “Thank you for standing up for me, honey.”
“On second thought, forget about it. The world cannot survive two children of Tony Stark,” Steve murmured to his husband. He slipped out of Tony’s hold as the older man chuckled and Steve scolded their son, “Peter! You’re not just losing out on your tablet privileges but also lab time with Dad too!”
In his mind, they had already won. He already saw himself reclaiming the Tower and making love with Steve in their home. They’d be safe and happy.
There was no doubt between them that they loved each other but Wade wasn’t sure he was ready to share that with the world.
Bucky took a quick shower and then they all went into the elevator that took them down to the cove beneath his house. They strolled out onto the warm sands and a cool, salty breeze ruffled their clothes as they walked toward the waves. Bucky led the way and seemed to forget they were there as he went straight to the water.
He turned back to Tony and saw his boyfriend staring at the box in his hands with an ashen expression.
Schmidt was hard to read for most people as he did not have the customary flesh to display emotions. Steve was one of the few who could and he could tell by the tilt of his head and the relish in his gaze that he was enjoying this.
The figure that had been standing beside the bed was a dark shadow of a monster born from Wade’s mind with large fangs and white eyes.
Steve’s expression was harsh and his jaw clenched. Pulling at the skin of his face were thin, black tendrils of Venom and his eyes – his eyes were that of a man walking to the gallows. They were Steve’s eyes but they were broken and hardened. He was clearly a man on a mission he did not want to pursue.
Standing in front of it, he cleared his throat, but the suit did not react. He tried knocking gently on its chest next. He didn’t expect a reaction, however, it suddenly seemed to grow a little taller as it lifted its head and its eyes flickered on. The glowing gaze bypassed Howard and locked onto Tony and then the robot was no longer in front of Howard but by Tony's side.
His stomach ached with phantom pain but it was not like the usual pain when his past torture reminded him not think that way. It was something he could ignore now.
“I fell apart without you,” Tony confessed. “If it weren’t for Peter I probably wouldn’t have survived it…”
Natasha dropped her head then, after a pause, relaxed her hold on Bucky. Bucky regarded her distrustfully then let go of her. They let Thor separate them and both refused to look at the other.
Steve knew, somewhere in the back of his mind, that he was unconscious, but his current existence was so emotionally traumatizing he could put forth very little rational thought.
Clint was the most shocked and refused to believe him at first. He thought Tony had put Steve up to it. Only after Steve insisted repeatedly, did Clint finally believe him. After that he flipped but it was not from anger, it was surprise. Clint became giddy with the knowledge and asked if he could be there when he eventually told Coulson.
A minute or two later, Bruce and Tony came in and, to Peter’s absolute surprise, Tony smiled when he saw them. Wade shifted just enough to let Bruce give Peter a look over but he still leaned into his side and kept his arms draped around Peter’s waist. Peter discreetly watched his father as Bruce worked. Tony still had that air of worry about him, which was no surprise since his son was being checked over by a doctor but he looked relieved and happy…and in no way upset that Peter and Wade were together in bed with Wade draped over him so familiarly while Peter was half naked.
Wade turned everything on and handed Peter a controller. Peter was sitting normally on the couch until Wade decided to sit behind him. Like an obtrusive cat, he stepped onto the couch and sat behind him, pushing Peter forward and slotting his legs on either side of Peter’s.
This was it. This was the moment he had been dreading ever since he started looking into it. He heavily sat down and Pepper immediately grabbed his hand. Rhodey stopped pacing and turned to watch the hologram that opened in front of Tony. He stood next to Tony, lending his presence as a form of support too.
“Aw no,” Tony gasped. His shoulders fell and he gasped, “I had hoped those two disappeared to get away from Norman…”
Peter stood and slipped his hands into Wade’s. There was one problem he still needed to rectify. He stated to Wade, “Let’s get some takeout and go to our roof and talk.”
“Okay…” Sam replied slowly,  “Can you take him to the cafeteria to see if they have any soft foods or formula he can eat? He’s probably hungry…and I’ll go find the social worker.”
Steve shook his head and said, “It’s a long story on my part and probably an equally long one on yours how I ended up here. I just need to know two things.” Steve bit his lip nervously and asked the most frightening, “Is this – me being awake…is it temporary?”
The pictures were less than an hour old of Tony comforting Steve during his panic attack and kissing him.
“I have to die,” Steve stated, the words coming much easier to him than anything else he’d exchanged with Tony.
“You’re on,” Peter replied. He was the only one on the team who could be on par with Clint’s skills at taking aim, it was another Spidey ability he abused with games like pool. “King of the Tower” was a thing they shared to test each other’s abilities.
Steve wordlessly nodded and dragged his feet after Cable, pulling food off the shelves at random until his arms were full. When they got to the counter, Cable gave the cashier a plastic card and it paid for all the food.
Tony broke their kiss by sucking on Steve’s bottom lip and letting it go with a slight growl. He then trailed his kisses down Steve’s neck and chest. With his mouth free, Steve began to breathe heavily and groan when Tony’s thumb circled the head of his cock. He could not believe the effect Tony was having on him. He was already sweating profusely and shaking like he had been punching the punching bag all day. He was also breathing shallowly and the flush on his cheeks continued to burn. His cock never felt so hard and tenderly swollen.
Natasha settled behind Tony with her hip jutted to the side. She looked through the holograms to Steve and held his gaze as she said, “It is Sergeant James Barnes, the Winter Soldier.” She sighed and said more pointedly to Steve, “It was Bucky, Steve.”
Steve was exerting too much energy so Sam had to help him out of the ship after they landed. Clint ran ahead of all of them and was already inside when he reached the ground.
Steve held out his hand to the shaking archer and said, “Let me.” Tony opened a hologram right there at the table and started to trace the phone. From the corner of his eye, he watched Steve as he took the phone.
“Your father is one of the strongest men on the planet. He does not use that power selfishly as many others would, Peter. He helps people because he knows with great power comes great responsibility. If it weren’t for your father thousands would be dead and many more would be hurt…”
A swirl of the bright light exploded in the middle of the field. Steve also grabbed on to Tony and they scrambled back from the fireworks.
“You simply lack the proper coffee palate that my son and I are gifted with,” Tony stated to Bucky. Turning to Peter, Tony said, “And I can never say no to a fresh pot of coffee.”
Bucky’s sudden grin looked pained and it lasted for only a second. His face fell and he whispered, “I have been watching you ever since I pulled you out of the water. The more I watched you, the more I remembered… and the more I wanted to remember
“As a cactus in a hurricane,” Wade retorted in a broken voice, the sound muffled slightly by his face being pressed into Peter’s shoulder.
Peter leaned into his touch with a content sigh. How could his dad not see how good Wade was to him?
Clint pursed his lips unhappily but he made no move to stop Steve as he pushed himself out of Clint’s hold.
He was torn between them. To help Tony or to keep fighting Bucky? Steve was stuck in a sort of limbo and a catalyst was needed to escape it.
Tony flushed too and rubbed his lower face. His eyes darted from the bathrobe to Steve’s face repeatedly before he spoke.
Tony paused a few feet away from them and Steve walked the rest of the distance. It felt…surreal approaching him. He wasn’t sure how to act and, unfortunately, his heart immediately filled with happy emotion with Tony’s presence. That same heart withered as he reminded himself that he couldn’t love Tony anymore…or, well, at least they couldn’t love
“So far, how do you like looking at me while I’m touching you,” Tony asked with a sly grin, his foot lingering close to his groin, waiting for his answer.
Steve bent down and lightly kissed him. When he pulled away, Tony’s eyes flickered back open and he smiled warmly at his husband. Tony asked, “So, what are you going to do?”
Steve paused upon hearing the urgency in his voice and turned questionably to his friend. Bruce grabbed Steve’s arm and touched a rip in his bicep armor.
When Tony and Steve were finally able to tear themselves away from everybody else, they locked themselves in Tony’s apartment and hadn’t left since. From there they began what Tony would later on dub the Pre-Trial Sex Marathon of Awesomeness…and, if the official title didn’t give you any clues, in Tony’s humblest opinion, it was awesome.
They had a bag of bagels between them, a platter of eggs over easy, bacon, and toast. They had enough to feed a small army or, in their case, two super humans.
Steve frowned as he looked at the oddly dressed people and their just as oddly shaped tents. There were no children so these people were not trying to build lives out here. This was some sort of operation and Steve had been with the top commanders with in the U.S. military and had not heard of any operations in the arctic.
Steve ran his fingers over the image on the screen. He easily detached himself from his emotions and self-preservation. He could feel them break away as effortlessly as tethers on a hot air balloon. Steve whispered, “Peter is my son. I love him and Tony dearly… When Tony – When Tony started to help me take care of Peter, he did not touch a drop of alcohol…and I think he will do it again, especially when he is Peter’s only guardian…”
They went back to the safe house and the Avengers split off as they divided into different areas to be alone with their soulmates and families.
The knife was gone but Solo still had a hold on the girl. Tony locked in on both of the man’s arms with his sensors and retorted, “Sorry to disappoint you but I’m an Earthling, born and raised.”
“Yes, I was going to try to explain it him when you and Stark came back,” Bucky replied with a shrug.
“Maybe you should ask him how he feels about it?” Peter countered, “He’s done press junkits before and is used to dealing with the paparazzi. It might get worse but I think he could handle it.”
Neither one of them verbally spoke. They communicated through their hands, lips, and hips. It was strangely more silent than when they made love though they were going through the same motions. Maybe it was out of respect to the music…maybe because it was more intimate… Either way, they were both sweating profusely by the end of the second song.
Steve regretted it all and wished he could go back and push Bucky away as soon as he latched on to his hand. The last thing he would want to do is hurt Tony, especially in this way.
“I’m fine,” Tony sighed but he did not pull his hand out of Bruce’s hold. Bruce glanced up at him and saw Tony staring sadly at Peter.
“S’Alright,” Tony murmured, his hazel eyes found Steve’s blue and Steve suddenly realized how close he stood to Tony. He looked down and flushed when he saw he had automatically place himself between Tony’s legs and he’d even placed his other hand on Tony’s opposite hip.
Tony cupped his face and he whispered, “You saved me too. If you hadn’t shown up, I would probably still be in my lab either drinking or avoiding people…You brought me out of my shell.”
they were on the east coast and nowhere near any fault lines. Earthquakes were extremely rare on this side of the country and he quickly ruled it out. There was one very likely possibility and Tony’s uneasily clenched his fists, wishing one of his suits was nearby.
He didn’t want to believe it at first, but the evidence of Tony’s decay became quickly evident whenever he saw him without his shirt. He went through a period where he was pissed at God for letting this happen, but it did not last long…he’d rather spend their remaining time together than fuming alone.
Steve stared at the crumbling wall with a shocked expression. He stepped toward it, his heart beginning to hammer quickly within his chest as his hope grew with every tumbling stone.
Bruce spread open the damaged material and hissed with excitement. Steve pulled back the tough leather and looked himself.
Uncle Thor lifted his hammer and then they were flying through the air. It was different than flying with his dad. With the Iron Man suit, the wind was cold and pushed at Peter with meandering currents. With Uncle Thor, it seemed like the air parted for them and held them in a warm embrace. They were quick to fly away from the tower and the battle in its midst.
“The insignia.” Tony stated, ignoring the flashier changes to the weapons’ systems. Tony clenched his fists into Steve’s sleeves and asked Jarvis, “W-wh-who is Stark and wh-who is son?”
Eventually, what must have been hours later, Tony was lazily kissing Steve’s inner thigh when Peter called out, “Dad! Pops? Anyone home?”
Steve stared up at Schmidt in horror. He was so shocked and disturbed that he couldn’t formulate a reply. There was no way he could do it! Steve would
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the counter directly across from Steve. The blush faded from Steve’s face and he looked questionably at Tony.
“Alright, Stevie,” Bucky agreed but he never invited his friend on one of his dates again and neither commented on it.
Howard chose that moment to clear his throat. Tony finally looked at him and found Howard studying him with an intense gaze. He stated, “What’s done is done. I know now and there’s no way I’m going to be ignoring this…you – you’re my son from the future.”
Steve seemed to care if he ate regularly and got enough sleep…things like that made him feel like Steve was too good for Tony.
“Feel you up?” Wade teased, running his hands down Peter’s back and then squeezing his ass. Peter squawked in surprise and Wade let him go with a laugh.
He turned his eyes back to Wade, who was waiting his reply with a cocked brow. Grinning, Peter replied, “Sure.”
As soon as his door closed behind him, the limo’s engine rumbled to life and the vehicle began to drive. The driver’s screen was up so it was just him and Natasha.
“Consuming raw eggs to fix a hangover was an urban myth,” Bruce murmured, pointedly not looking at Steve’s mug, looking a little unwell. Betty rubbed soothingly on Bruce’s back, sparing her mate a pitying look.
Tony felt a spike of fear stab itself into his heart but he did not let it show on his face. All of those criminals Peter was responsible for putting away…or the villains he dealt with, with the Avengers. None of them knew how to get revenge because they didn’t know who Spider-Man was.
“I don’t like this,” Peter murmured, the very fringes of his spidey-sense was tingling. It was probably from his apprehension so Peter ignored it and focused on the task at hand as he argued, “This is stealing! It’s Mac’s work!”
Steve chuckled, murmured with an agreeing sound, and started to trail his kisses down his chest, then his waist, pausing to lick his belly button, and then…
Steve peered at the photo and then nodded his consent. Tony grinned and posted it to his Twitter with the hastags #loveofmylife and #happy. Steve kissed his cheek and murmured, “I’m so happy too.”
“Alright,” he sighed heavily and then pointed out the window and said, “You’ll want to go down Decatur Street and then turn right onto 7th from there I’d tell people to follow signs for the I-10 West, but you don’t have a car, man…
As soon as they were in the elevator and the doors sealed behind them Tony gasped, “Holy Crap! What was that??”
“Steve, if you don’t mind me asking, did you really crash the plane? There are theorists who say the government said you did it to make you out to be a martyr. Some think the plane simply crashed on its own.”
Tony slumped into Steve's arms, letting him take all of his weight. He murmured into his chest, “You're too good for me…that's why I can't have you…”
“I think Rogers can back that,” Steve murmured and he and Tony stumbled over to the metal doors, refusing to break apart.
“It is going to be bad, Tony,” Steve stated in his commanding Captain America voice. “But we can’t push this off because he might be upset. The longer you wait the more upset he will become.” Steve grasped his arm tightly and stated, “I will be with you every step of the way. You won’t be alone.”
, he sounded like a scrawny teen on his first date. Forget Stark removing his balls, they were shrinking out of existence as this awkward moment grew more awkward.
They left the bears on the big couch in the living room and Steve threw out the remains of their cotton candy and left their bag of souvenirs on the kitchen counter before turning back to Tony with a dark look in his eyes.
The black sky was already beginning to bleed into the landscape, eroding away all the color and life no matter how hard Steve tried to concentrate and keep it back.
His stomach was a jumble of nerves and he berated himself for doing something so stupid. Prior to the incident, Steve had been
“I always wondered what you looked like under all that grime,” Steve replied and his flush stretched down from his face to his neck at his own boldness.
The dream ended when the train stopped for another inspection a few hours later. Steve was reluctant to open his eyes, but he needed to move before the inspector found him.
But that moment ended, Steve picked up his head and murmured to Tony, “We’ll get you right as rain in no time.”
Steve was happy for him and he was still elated that Tony was going to live. They were kissing again within seconds and it took only a moment for one of them to imagine a bed before they toppled into it. They laughed and kissed and one of them groaned for a particular good kiss and then their clothes were gone and then they were making love again.
Bile collected in the back of Tony’s throat as he took in the other man. He was tall, well-built, and young. All the things Tony was not. Jealousy instantly flared like a great boiling mass in his gut. Who was this person to Steve??
“Welcome home, Dr. Banner and it is a pleasure to see you again, Master Rogers,” Jarvis said and the elevator began to rise.
Steve woke later that afternoon with Tony in his arms. The warmth of his content and love bubbled in his chest and he kissed Tony’s forehead. Tony continued to doze so Steve lightly traced his face with his fingertips and lips, memorizing Tony’s face with his eyes and touch. Eventually, Tony woke.
“Did you hear about Uncle Tony?” Steve asked with fake enthusiasm. He was exhilarated that he was alive but was angry that he was going after the Mandarin alone. “He’s not gone! He’s going to come back once he arrests the mean Mandarin.”
The black mass began to bubble and Wade clutched Peter close to his chest and tried to scoot away as he gasped, “Oh, fuck me with a cactus.”
Steve flushed as he immediately remembered the offhand comment Tony had made prior to the other statement about using the same images to masturbate to. Natasha saw the blush and inquired, “Well..?”
Kilian wasted no time and jumped on Tony, just as he was pushing himself up. He slammed Tony back down and placed his glowing hand on Tony’s chest. The suit instantly glowed red with heat beneath his touch. Tony bared his teeth with pain but did not make any noise, probably to spite Kilian. Kilian bent over Tony and whispered something exclusively to Tony. As Steve pulled himself out of the wall, he saw Tony lean in close and quietly reply with a smirk. A blade shot out of his armored arm and he used it to cut off Kilian’s glowing arm.
Tony laughed and Steve groaned. Even though he was rolling his eyes at Peter's actions, he was still able to see Bucky fall.
Barnes flexed his hand and whispered, “The machine. It cannot be moved. It is too large and fragile. If they are still using it on him, he’ll be kept with it…in Washington D.C.”
perfect. Throughout the ceremony, Tony kept glancing offstage, to where he knew his son was sitting. The ceremony would have been absolutely perfect if Peter was standing up there with the rest of their collective family.
Sophie paled and did not get up as Peter, Tony, and Steve did. With a louder voice, Tony thanked Sophie for having them and then grabbed both Peter and Steve by the arms and dragged them over to the audience members who stayed behind. Tony and Steve signed autographs and even Peter signed a few items until the last of the audience melted away.
“The next month,” Peter corrected, drawing a chuckle from both his parents and they smiled warmly down at him.
“Tony?” Steve gasped, cupping his face. His soulmate did not respond to his touch or voice. Steve felt like the world was falling around him.
Harold disappeared into the back and Peter let his eyes meander over the different cameras for sale. He quickly found himself in front of the camera bags and inspected them closely, wondering how well they’d hold together strapped onto his shoulder as he was swinging through the city.
His presence was changing the future. There was nothing he could do to stop it. So…what if something happened to the machine while he was gone?
even more from it! In fact, I think I’ll feel safest in the Hulk Room so tell him, if he wants, he can find me there…”
Tony’s heart nearly seized with the unearthly scream that woke him. He and Steve jolted and sat up sharply together.
An hour later, after much pressure from Steve, Tony was alone in his workshop staring at a video hologram of himself, wondering what the hell he was supposed to say.
Whenever he got the chance to run, he usually liked to do at least 15 miles. He had such a mileage in mind when he set out that day.
Tony rubbed his hips into Steve and, with the flimsy barrier of Steve sweatpants, he felt him growing hard beneath him. Steve moaned into their kiss and Tony pressed his mouth deeper into Steve’s so he’d be able to swallow all those delicious sounds. Steve responded by skewering his tongue into Tony’s mouth and Tony’s cock burned from the turn on. There were so many places he wanted that tongue to go…
Ever since he discovered Natasha was his soulmate, he had been slowly recovering his memories. The only things he had remembered so far were kills. He’d teach Natasha how to shoot a long range target with a particular rifle and he’d remember killing someone with the same rifle later that night.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony gasped upon hearing the sincerity in his voice. “Jeez, I did not know. And that whole Winter Soldier fiasco…”
Steve grasped his arm with a smile then looked down to his son and said, “Peter, why don’t you show Uncle Bucky what we were just playing?”
Steve ignored the reporter until the medics took the half-dead man away. He then turned on the reporter with a hard expression and stated, “I am not denying it. I am gay. I always have been. What I was denying was answering such an inane question in the middle of a calamity!”
“Tony –,” Steve suddenly whispered but his throat thankfully sealed as Tony’s fingers brushed against his.
Steve made agreeing noises and nodded when appropriate. He knew he needed to be careful and he knew just how to do so but he listened to Bucky’s advice all the same so Bucky would feel better about Steve leaving.
,” Tony whispered. He wrapped his arms around Steve and kissed the top of his head. He had literally died and gone to heaven. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought he’d experience anything like that!
His mind was repressing everything to protect him and he struggled with the mechanics of actually breathing for a second.
“He was a good man,” Tony whispered. Steve’s shaking renewed with the statement and his fingers dug into Tony’s arms. Steve nodded to Tony’s statement but did not verbally reply as he repressed his sobs.
Bruce did not look up when Steve entered. The scientist was peering at his computer screen and was rubbing his head continuously as if he had a migraine. His face was gaunt and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked absolutely exhausted and Steve could not remember the last time he had seen him sleep. He was mumbling to himself and only once Steve was close enough was he able to distinguish what exactly he was saying.
“Don’t read any of them or he will never let you hear the end of it!” Clint warned and Steve laughed. Peter picked his head up, his shyness seemed to clear upon his laughter. Steve stopped chuckling as he realized this was the first time Peter heard him laugh aloud like this. He smiled warmly at his son and Peter smiled back.
Peter sighed deeply and sat his head heavily on his hands as his elbows stabbed themselves into the sides of his knees. All his life he had been told how much he was like his parents. Mostly he was compared to his Pops but, on the rare occasions, he was told of the qualities he shared with his late mother.
“Papa?” Peter looked questioningly at him and Steve realized he had been staring at Tony’s door for a while.
The breath caught in Tony’s throat. Steve had been running around like crazy today and even Tony could see he was taking on way too much but…but he still took the time out of his busy schedule to get Tony some over-extravagant cream just because his skin was a little irritated.
Shock washed over Pepper’s face and she peered at him speculatively. She slowly whispered, “…Tony, why—? A-Are you really?”
Tony’s lawyers were right behind Steve when entering the police station and they were all anxiously waiting to hear if Steve got bail or not.
Once he caught his breath, he reached up to the communicator in his ear and lightly pressed the coms button. Feeling like a hopeless child, Peter whispered, “Dad…can you pick me up?”
Pepper grasped his forearms and begged, “See a doctor. I’ll pay off the entire hospital to keep quiet if I have to! Just, please, don’t do this. Steve would never forgive you or me.”
Steve crossed the room and gently pulled Tony back into his embrace. He whispered, “He said he wanted to talk to me about the Avengers, about SHIELD, and yes, about you. He sounds scared, Tony… but we’re lucky he’s reaching out to us.”
Wade hadn’t been able to sleep a wink. He and the rest of the Avengers spent the night searching the city to no avail. Venom could be anywhere by now. They were too slow. The trail had grown cold and now they were looking for a needle in a haystack the size of the world…Wade had lost him…
Steve pursed his lips then said, “I don’t know what to think…But maybe Hydra did something to her too and that’s why she is still alive. She might Hulk out like Bruce and I want to know if that is the case before I let her near our son…”
My brother and I are doing well, and I should be able to start posting regularly again. Thank you for your patience! Now enjoy the new chapter! :)
This time, however, the prosecution questioned everyone the defense put forward. They tried to trip his friends into saying the wrong thing or bringing about any falsehoods they were keeping silent about. None of them fell for it, though Thor became frustrated by “the law man’s two-facedness and inane inquires” and, in favor of a reply to some of the more farfetched questions, Natasha merely glared the head prosecutor down until he moved onto the next question.
When Wade stopped, Peter cautiously opened his eyes and saw where he innately knew they were going: the Hulk Room. It was a windowless room build with the strongest materials on Earth, made to contain the strongest of the Avengers. It was the safest place for Peter to be while Venom remained on him.
who knew who you were, nonetheless someone in our unit!” Bucky picked up the mechanic uniform and held it up like it was evidence for a murder. “There are already rumors in the camp but the brass can ignore rumors! They can’t ignore facts or a damned participant!”
Yet after the fall of Hydra and the discovery of his lab, Norman distanced himself from the project and pushed aside all his dreams of using the boy. He was in SHIELD and the Avengers’ hands. Norman saw no point in trying to take him back. He had gotten what he originally wanted, to crack the Super Soldier mystery, and he was satisfied.
Wade continued, “The fanfictions born of this will be amazing…Oh my God, how many of those fictions do you think are real??”
She had no idea what he was thinking but she’d seen that look enough to know he was remembering something. She affirmed, “Yes, until the very end.”
Steve spun around and grasped Tony’s hands to calm him down. He whispered, “It’s alright, Tony. Don’t worry about what they’re saying…”
Steve kept begging Bucky to help Tony, to get help for him, or to just check that he was alive but his lost friend merely stared at him with his dead eyes and remained unresponsive. Tony was cold and Steve was screaming at him
Steve used Cable’s credit card and got himself some running shoes and clothes and was soon daily running down the PCH and through the many meandering canyons of Malibu. The dry heat of California was nothing compared to the muggy, humid heat he was used to in New York. Paired with the cool breeze coming off the Pacific, he felt like he could run forever.
So Steve did the only thing he could think of, he grabbed the smaller man and pulled him tightly into his embrace so his chest was plastered against Steve’s and the light from his reactor was put out.
Tony opened the door and Fury was standing there with a frown and his arms crossed over his chest. Still smiling, Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s torso and said, “Hey Eyepatch, have you met my fiancé, Steve?”
“…Okay, even I speak science and that word escapes me,” Tony murmured, crossing his arms over his chest.
He kept his face blank but he couldn’t stop his eyes widening when he looked at the man sitting beside him. Peter immediately knew who he was though he never met him as Peter Parker and he’d never seen him with his mask off.
“I’m taking away that gaming system!” Tony yelled in rebuttal as Natasha pulled him out of the room.
Peter fell into the dumpster, gasping deeply for breath and gagging as he tried to get the taste of Venom out of his mouth. All his muscles were shaking as he struggled to stay standing.
As Tony fell asleep in his arms, Steve realized the true depths of his feelings for him. Yes, Steve loved him but, in that moment, he realized Tony was the most precious thing, next to Peter, in Steve’s life. He could not believe he even considered leaving him for Bucky. He could not imagine living the rest of his life without him.
me, come help me with Uncle Bucky,” Steve retorted as he stooped next to his unconscious friend. He turned to Natasha and said, “I’m sorry, Nat.”
Bucky didn’t say anything. He just kept looking around so Tony continued to talk, “The attached bathroom is yours too. There’s already soap and shampoo in the shower and there should be some toothpaste and an unopened toothbrush in one of the drawers under the sink. Pepper has someone come by once a month to keep me stocked up! Oh…but you’ll need clothes and you have more muscles mass than me and Pepper combined so you’re definitely not fitting into anything of mine…Jarvis, order some clothes for our friend here.”
“Steve,” Tony desperately whined. “You can’t say that. Your very existence here proves that. We’re soulmates. We’re meant to be together…”
Steve wanted to smother it again but could not. The feeling burned with a newborn intensity, aided by the knowledge that Bucky had similar feelings.
Steve was afraid to open his mouth for a second. He and Tony had discussed going on a date right before Steve lost him and this era’s Tony just practically laid out one to him. He wanted nothing more than to go with Tony and share a meal, laugh with him at this statue he was talking about, and walk down to the lagoon, hand-in-hand.
Peter quickly recovered from the shock, rolled his eyes, and snorted, “Yeah, right, where are the cameras? Funny, but seriously, what are you doing here?”
Tony forced his gaze back onto his holograms but he didn’t read the calibrations. Instead, he had the strangest urge to go find Thor and clap him on the back and buy the man a drink. He wanted to talk to Steve about it but…
Tony glanced down at his chest and saw the raised veins were still there. He hadn’t dreamed it. He was still dying.
Tony's eyes zeroed in on those words, probably the tiniest of the changes that had occurred, and his heart began to race at dangerous levels with the edges of his vision beginning to darken.
Steve laughed and kissed his side, the closest thing to his mouth, and buried his face into Tony’s torso to get closer to him. He mumbled into his flesh, “We don’t need to do anything big but we should probably choose a date so we’ll be better prepared for next year!”
“…You’re welcome to join the Avengers, by the way,” Rogers suddenly announced. “To officially join, SHIELD will need to know your identity. If you don’t want to reveal it, you can work with us probono so you won’t get paid but you can fight with us…”
“Hail, Hydra,” Steve gasped, tears forming in his eyes. He was trembling in Schmidt’s hold and staring at his implant.
Tony and Steve walked over to the couch and sat down. Peter regarded them nervously but also with open curiosity.
Peter suddenly hugged him and gasped into Steve’s shoulder, “I’m so glad you two are alright too! When I saw you disappear…”
“No, look at them,” Tony said, nodding in the couple’s direction. Steve followed Tony’s direction and watched as Bucky made Steve’s imposter get to his feet and Natasha grab the man’s other arm. She murmured something in Russian to Bucky and the Winter Solider retorted in Russian with a chuckle. Tony continued, “Whenever they fight together, they’re fine! We should use that to get them together! Let’s send them on a mission that ends somewhere romantic…”
Steve kissed him again. This time it was longer and Steve’s arms pulled him into a closer embrace. It was kisses like this that made Tony remember the fireworks, bursting elation he first felt when he and Steve first kissed. His legs felt like rubber but his heart felt like it was going to explode with love. He loved Steve
He settled back into the chair and watched the movie. It was not an emotional movie, but Steve’s eyes teared up as he remembered and he was able to imagine Tony’s voice whisper in his ear the same lines the actors said.
“What do I want?” Bucky asked no one in particular. Steve did not answer and let him sort the answer out in his mind on his own. Bucky picked up his hand and peered at the flesh of his fingertips before running them together. He then picked up his metal hand and stared at in comparison to the other with a frown. He whispered, “…I want to feel human again.”
Would the Army want him to fight in this new war? Or…would they experiment on him and try to find a way to recreate the super soldier? The latter was the more likely of the two since he had somehow survived all these years with no change and…it did not sit well in Steve’s stomach.
Pity clouded Pepper’s features but she listened to his request and said, “Okay. Here’s your lines and please stick to them.”
His soulmate replied incoherently, mocking speech and chewing on his fingertips but obviously portraying joy.
Steve stiffly nodded and sat down on one of the cots, the only other available seating other than the chair Cable was sitting on at the desk.
Wade followed him close behind and, on the old stairs, they sounded like a football team charging through the house. Peter glanced out the front windows and was relieved to see no news crews. Peter called her sporadically since he left and Aunt May had said that the media had left after a couple days. Peter wasn’t so sure if he and Wade were secretive enough when sneaking in but it looked like they were in the clear.
“…Master Rogers, I am sorry but you cannot help,” Jarvis stated. “The call for the Avengers is in Florida.”
“I was supposed to return after I killed Natasha. They won’t attack me at first and, once I am in the heart of the operation, I will create a commotion. My mas-…” He paused, his mouth becoming a hard, thin line momentarily before he continued, “
Natasha leaned into the hallway and fired again. She leapt back in when the return fire was almost immediate.
“Very much so,” Steve murmured, keeping his gaze locked in place with an appreciative smile. Tony smirked and pushed his wet hair out of his face.
A hologram opened up next to him and Tony went back to work, his mind feeling more settled now that he knew he’d get those answers from Steven soon.
“But you did not check in with the army as soon as you woke. Instead, you came here and neglected your duties. You are still a Captain in the U.S. Army, Rogers, and you are currently AWOL.”
AC/DC started playing and Tony grinned cheekily at Steve. Steve flushed and stood ridged in Tony’s hold. A flush crept up his cheeks and he stammered, “W-We can’t dance to this!”
“Captain Rogers has been found,” Jarvis announced from his laptop. Tony’s fingers froze on the keyboard and he exchanged looks with Bruce. Sam was gone and he was his new companion. He’d come straight from the safe house and relieved Sam of Tony watching duty around sunrise.
They disentangled their limbs and from their sheets and made groaning noises when they saw the state of their sheets and bodies.
“My dad…hasn’t been feeling well,” Harry cautioned. He pressed the button for the penthouse and the elevator silently rose.
The prosecution elected not to question him as they did with the rest of the defense’s witnesses. Steve returned to his seat, still shaken and nervous about the rest of the hearing. The defense produced the evidence to naysay the conviction and they had no control as to what the prosecution would present…This was only a hearing, not a trial. His lawyers had already informed him that they could not object unless they knew the prosecution were presenting false evidence.
Steve sighed and joined Bucky’s gaze, looking off to the side at nothing in particular. They sat in silence, listening to the sound of their breathing evening out. Eventually Steve broke that silence by saying, “I guess we need to talk…” Bucky did not say anything but from the corner of his eye he say him sit up a little straighter. He knew his old friend would not bring it up. He had a mission and whatever Bucky was feeling about what happened between them he would keep bottled up until Steve ordered him to confront it. Steve would not do that to him so instead he talked and hoped Bucky was listening. Steve continued, “The other day, when we kissed, it was a mistake.”
“You’re going to go straight into the state’s custody,” Dr. Kaswani explained. “From there, they will help you with your amnesia, begin the search for who you really are, and try to find some friends and family.”
Tony threw back his head and closed his eyes as he moaned. They were both gasping for air. Tony’s legs wobbled and he slide down in Steve’s hold. Steve’s arms tightened around him, halting his sinking, and Steve lightly dropped his head upon Tony’s chest, right on top of his arc reactor. His breathing was hot and brushed against his nipple, making it pucker.
It quickly felt stuffy beneath the sheets and their harsh, frenzied gasps echoed heavily in their ears.
“Or he really hated the resolution on that TV and wanted you to get a new one,” Tony commented, drawing a chuckle from Steve. Tony sighed contently and whispered, “I love the sound of that laugh…I hate seeing you so downcast. I don’t like that frown marring your pretty face.”
“No means no,” Cap retorted and Tony had to hold back his laughter. He’d never seen anyone talk back to his father that way. As a child, he remembered everyone was afraid of the man but Cap was treating
Tony had taken a shower since being in his workshop. His hair was still damp and his skin glistened. He wore lose jeans and a dark tank. Steve felt a little over dressed and rubbed the back of his neck uneasily.
His uncle’s expression became stony but the pain remained in his eyes. He murmured, “Excuse me…” And turned back to the elevator.
Steve smiled with Tony’s use of his favorite pet name and crossed the last leg of the room to place himself in front of Tony. He grasped the goggles on Tony’s face and lifted them up and over his face.
Steve buried his face in the crook of Tony’s neck and just held him. He reveled in the fact that they were both safe, alive, and in love, and wished to extend the moment forever.
The Americans stayed for a few hours and rested from the long trip. They had brought some supplies on their Sno-Cat which the Russians unloaded for them. No tent was large enough for everyone to gather in so they all gathered in the center of the tents and huddled together like penguins. The abundance of bodies was enough to keep them all warm and whatever cold they may have felt was warded off by cheer and good fun.
“You promised not to speak until I said my piece!” Tony glared at him until Steve shut his mouth and ground his teeth in frustration. Tony continued, “And I’m just a mess, more so especially after the vortex. I’m a grown man but you have to take care of me just as much as Peter, being there for me when I have nightmares, feeding me when I forget to eat, making me sleep…And you are gorgeous but I am this skinny, old guy covered in grease half the time with some grey hair starting to come in…From my perspective, Barnes is a perfect fit for you…You would not believe the number of times I almost called you from California to tell you to cut your losses and go to him…” Tony’s voice dwindled and he looked down, his eyes sad and misty. “I do not think I deserve to be the one you choose. I do not think I am more important…”
The machine in front of Gary hissed and Gary’s hands moved quickly, turning knobs and positioning the paper cup. A moment later, he handed Tony his cup and his boyfriend accepted it with a happy sigh.
Steve flushed and adverted his gaze, “I…I’ve been, well, how’d you say it? Gay? I’ve been, uh, gay my entire life. Bucky and I lived together so he met some of the fellas I took home.”
Tony watched him go with shallow breaths impeding his breathing and once Steve disappeared inside he felt irrevocably alone…
His hands seized in surprise on Tony’s hips but he did not let him go. He gradually lifted his gaze and met Tony’s eyes.
Venom immediately retracted the tendrils and stabbed him again. Steve hollered in pain but he did not let him go even as more blood flowed over Peter.
Cable sighed heavily and then murmured, “Fine. We’ll go to the local supermarket, but you are to do exactly as I say, understood?”
“I remember that notebook,” Tony whispered. “I read about the base in it…and you described it containing a miraculous thing but…the remaining pages were missing…
From the inner lining of his jacket pocket, Jarvis’ voice rose from the speaker of his phone with a simple, “Yes, sir.”
Steve chuckled as Tony pulled him and they wrapped their arms around each other when they reached their destination.
Howard rounded his table and met her halfway. They hugged and then both kissed the other’s cheek. When they pulled back, she smiled warmly at him and whispered, “You’re not looking too good there yourself, Stark…”
He wound his arms behind Steve’s neck and Steve pressed him into his chest in a bone crushing embrace. Their mouths met in a desperate kiss which Steve accepted with a repressed sob.
Cable tilted Cap’s face toward his chest so the infamous Captain America fanboy wouldn’t get a good look and replied, “He is no one.”
His mouth moved from Steve's and started kissing his neck while his hands ran down Steve's sides and finally landed on his pecs. Tony's thumbs brushed over his nipples and Steve hissed sharply.
The master held up his hand and one of his minions placed a gun in his hand. He cocked it and then pointed it at Natasha. James jerked but did not make any move to stop his master. Yet, when his master saw the twitch, he moved his gun to point it at James and her heart clenched.
Peter’s day at the lab was surprisingly pretty normal. The normalcy came from the fact that he mostly worked with Eddie and, after his initial approach, his friend acted like nothing was wrong. Both of them directed their full attentions to their research and didn’t have time to discuss Peter’s parentage.
All the lust was gone from Steve’s eyes and he was looking around the lab with concern. Tony sat up on Steve’s lap and Steve sat up with him, looking sadly at the wall above the couch.
“I think I’ll go with something different,” Steve murmured, his eyes scrolling over the menu with the options. His usual coffee did not sound too appealing anymore. In his mind, it equated to worrying over the trial and now he no longer had to do that.
Tony laughed and leaned happily into his hold. He rested his head on Steve’s shoulder and smiled jubilantly at him. The breath caught in Steve’s throat as he remembered how in love he was with Tony. He leaned down and kissed Tony, his goatee tickling his lips as he did.
Steve was taken to an empty bathroom and he quickly changed out of his civilian clothes, into his Captain America uniform and clipped his shield onto his back.
The events of the day were horrible but, with the adoption, he felt prized and loved. So he was surprisingly in a good mood when he swung up to the roof.
Steve did not remember falling unconscious but the next thing he knew he was waking up in SHIELD Medical. He was hooked up to half a dozen monitors all which were humming lightly with the exception of his heart monitor that beat instinct with his pulse. He had crisp white bandages on his face, neck, hands, and legs. Out of his left eye everything he saw was through a red lens which was somewhat disorienting so he closed it. He took it was a vast improvement over being blind.
Steve did not give the Goblin a chance to finish the statement and launched himself at the monster. He did pause to consider the facts. He did not wonder if it was really the Goblin behind Peter and his other departed children’s experimentations. He heard the monster admit to it and it insistently called Peter
Steve nodded and studied his reactions closely. How would they treat him now that he knew he was a soldier?
Steve continued, “Tonight was a disaster and I…” Steve cupped his mouth for a moment, inhaled and exhaled deeply through his nose. He dropped his hand and said, “And I am so disappointed in you.”
Tony placed his hands on the back of his neck and drew Steve’s head toward him. Their foreheads touched and Tony sighed, “I was freaking out and was about to sick SHIELD on your ass. And you are lucky Ben is visiting or Peter would be freaking out just as much as I was.”
With them speaking the same language of science, they were quick to friend each other and now Bruce was living in the Tower with Tony. He gave Bruce his own lab to continue his research. The man was busily working to find a cure for what he had done to himself. Everyone said Tony was crazy when he brought Bruce back to New York but Tony saw himself in the man. Tony hadn’t reached his goal with finding his soulmate through SI Online, but maybe he could help Bruce in finding his cure.
Steve paused and stared at it half-surprised. His shock dissipated and he grinned at it like he was seeing an old friend. He bent down and his back muscles protest at the movement but he gritted his teeth and took it.
!” Steve hissed loudly, finally making a noise. Tony kept at it and Steve’s trembling intensified and his shallow breathing became more ragged. Steve put a hand over his mouth to smother any sounds that might escape and Tony stopped bobbing his head to give special attention to the head of Steve's cock. A needy sound vibrated through Steve's throat that was so deep and hot that Tony felt it in his own cock. Tony moved his tongue faster and he felt Steve tense. Eventually, Steve started to hiss, “I’m going to – I’m going to come –
She laid out the facts of the matter: Tyler was an ex-employee and was fired for invading the Avengers’ privacy. She stole Steve’s ejaculate from the trash. Steve did not know of her existence until Tyler made her accusation. She has records of being mentally unstable. Steve and the Avengers were filing lawsuits against her for harassment, false charges, invasion of privacy, theft, and a number of others involving her criminal activities. Steve, meanwhile, had no history of committing any types of sexual assault and was currently in a stable relationship –.
He rushed over to Tony and hovered worriedly over him. Their eyes met and Tony broke their eye contact almost instantly. He sat up, his eyes trailing over the tent, and asked, “Wh-Where’s Steve?”
Clint and Thor were quickly drawn into Steve and Peter’s game which involved keeping as many balloons off the floor as possible. With three Avengers at Peter’s side, the insurmountable task was made possible and Peter ran between his father and uncles, gleefully helping beneath the ever moving canopy of bulbous rainbows.
He put a threatening hold on Harry’s shoulder. His son flinched from the touch and began to cry in earnest.
One glance at his shoulder and he knew he would not be able to pop it back in without help. There was also nothing he could do for his broken ribs.
Steve slid off the couch and stepped into Tony’s arms. They automatically began to sway like before and Steve did not find it so ridiculous.
His thoughts and reasoning came back to him in this world of color. It was enough of a distraction to remind him there was more than just cold.
Except, Thor grinned and replied, “The mighty Hulk holds him in his grip. Our comrades caught up to us and now hold down our foes.”
“There will be no need for any sacrifices,” Thor said as he stepped between them. “The cores of the plans are well constructed, but we need to move our troops around so that we all come out in one piece. The Red Skull had sent that missive to draw us out. He wants the Avengers. We are a threat to his power cache and he wants to remove us from the field. We need not send only one of us to the west. All of us will go as the distraction-,” He nodded to Tony and said, “
“I know,” Cable replied, his rough voice a little softer in that moment. “We’re going to rebuild it.”
I have read countless fics where he can do no wrong and it is Tony that is the one who creates drama or has doubts about their relationship. This is also why I made Peter Steve's son as well, because, Tony is also usually the father and Peter is born from an affair. This is a new realm I'm exploring and is going to be a difficult trek.
“He does?” Peter said in surprise. There was a little twist in his chest. He wanted to know more but was afraid to ask. He was afraid to be denied. He did not want to be denied. He had been denied so much in life and he could not be denied something so important.
Steve slowly moved his hand off Tony’s mouth and cupped his cheek. Tony surprisingly remained silent as he did so but watched him with stormy eyes that were weathered from misery and fear. It hurt Steve to see Tony like this.
“The blood sample of Mary Parker has finished processing. Sir’s original test verified the blood sample was a relation to Master Parker. The blood sample still showed being a relation of Master Parker because the sample
Steve dropped his head and stared guiltily at his hands. It was a hefty risk. Why’d he do it, indeed?
“Apparently, your friends from Hydra are back,” Tony replied and Steve’s hold on him tightened even more.
Memories of the changing Iron Man suit flooded Steve’s mind. The technology changed when the past had been altered.
Tony crawled into his embrace and Steve kissed the top of his head and Tony felt the first inkling of ease.
Peter also had a cup of coffee and how only taken a single sip since he got it. It was no longer as burning hot as it was when he first got it but was at least slightly warmer than room temperature.
When they finally got to the mess hall, he easily spotted Bucky and the other Commandos sitting at one of the tables. Bucky also noted their entrance and waved to them. Gabe, Jim, Monty, and Jacques noted their presence upon Bucky's movement and they too waved and eyed Tony curiously.
Steve felt like the entire world was beginning to skew. First Bucky and now this monster? His mouth dropped open and he gasped with horror, “
“Yeah,” he gasped as he grabbed ahold of Steve’s arm to keep himself upright and steady. He continued, “I slipped back into him without realizing it…”
,” Tony said, leaning into his husband’s hold. “He’s not like Peter…He’s a mercenary. He’s either going to hurt Peter or going to turn him.”
Steve swooped in past Bucky without another word. He had Tony in his arms and was running toward Howard’s tent before the rest of the team could react.
Steve followed and they walked parallel with the long table between them until they met at the end. Tony pinched his arm and they both grinned with the secret flirtation.
Steve snorted and elbowed his friend and then turned to Tony. He asked, “Where should we put all our bags?”
“Steve, you’re going to have to jump in. He looks like he’s going to start hurting people!” Natasha hissed.
“Peter…It isn’t your mother,” Coulson stated and, by the way he said it, Mary could tell he had already said it several times.
Marcel walked up to them and explained, “The prosecution is delaying the proceedings. Tyler is upset. It’s a sure sign they told her they’re not going to pursue this!”
Steve’s heart broke again. It must have been the dozenth time but, God, this felt worse than the rest. He pressed his face into Tony’s hair and silently cried into his scalp.
“I have to tell him, Nat. I tried to delay my guys on my end but they’ve picked up on Cap’s trail. We found footage from the 4
He also tossed Tony one of his favorite sweaters. It originally had been Steve's but Tony commandeered it for his own. Tony teased, “Don't want me walking around half naked?”
Jarvis could only find snit-bits of information of the Winter Soldier online. It was enough to convince Tony he was real, but he needed more. He needed to find the Winter Soldier and-and maybe find Steve…
Wade returned the kiss with a happy sigh and wound his arms around Peter, drawing him closer. Again he held and kissed Peter like he was something precious and Peter tried to emulate the feeling, to show Wade he felt the same as he returned the kiss.
Wade’s internal clock was pretty good but he double checked the digital clock at Peter’s bedside and confirmed, “It is almost noon…”
Steve felt like the world was tilting on its axis and every thing was falling around him but, somehow, Steve remained standing. Loki could have taken his son anywhere not just on Earth but in the entire universe. Blind panic instantly surged through him. Where would he begin looking?? Would Thor know what his brother had gone? Was Thor in on it too??
“Yeah, go for it. Mi casa, es su casa, etc., etc.” Tony replied and skewered a tender piece of the Tikka Masala. He held it out to Steve and the super soldier gingerly picked it off his fork.
“I was distracted by the gleam coming off your armor, Shell-head! Did you spend all night polishing that thing?” Peter retorted sarcastically.
When under the tutelage of the Red Room, Bucky had gone through grueling training. As the Winter Soldier, he had no opinion in the matter. He was commanded to do it and that was all that mattered. But Natasha was different. Like him, she did not have much of a choice in her training but she did not block out her feelings, in fact, she reveled in it. Training and the pain that came along with it was exciting to her and it was one of the first things that had drawn him out of his shell as the Winter Soldier.
The tone of his voice made Tony shiver. Tony only heard Steve use that voice with the particularly bad villains.
He was able to keep his face blank, but he could not keep the emotion out of his voice as he gasped, “
Steve pinched his eyes shut for a second as his emotions rose and he held Tony a little tighter. He still wasn’t used to having his Tony back.
He never before felt so alone and isolated in the dream world as his soulmate talked about the possibility of love with another.
Steve’s heart went out for the man. It must have been frightening being ripped from everything he once knew and loved. What would Steve have done if the same had happened to him? If he no longer had Bucky to lean on? Peggy to confide in?
“Imagine what I can do to you when you lose your pants,” Wade murmured into his mouth and this time it was Wade who stole a kiss.
This was worse than when he had toured with the USO. He would perform, do a meet-and-greet with fans that lasted an hour and be done. They had been at the fundraiser two hours and it didn’t look like it would be ending anytime soon. It was a game of conversation that he was not used to. People were trying to weed them for information or create a scandal and it was exhausting keeping up or deflecting.
Steve sat down, refusing to answer. He looked to the fake, turbulent sky of the dreamscape and asked, “Why’d you do this to us, God?”
Peter nodded and wordlessly got to his feet. Eddie also stood and then followed him across the room. Some of the interns called for his help at the pool table but Peter waved it off, wanting to escort Eddie to where he could nap.
will want to deal with me personally if I act out of line again. It would be the perfect opportunity for the rest of you to get Steve.”
“Not sleeping is not good for your recovery,” Steve countered stubbornly. He pouted at Tony, trying to look serious, but all Tony wanted to do was kiss those pursed lips.
Wade kissed the back of Peter’s neck as he returned his hands to massaging Peter's shoulders and murmured, “Then call me the Jello Master.”
She shifted the gun to center it over his heart. She had never considered such an option. Because, she informed him, “It is not possible. They’ll see my implant is blanked. They’ll know you’re still alive.”
They looked ridiculously happy and Tony’s heart soared. That was the future they had wanted. They were going to get it.
Tony walked over to Marston and shook his hand with a wide smile. Steve followed him over to the table and, once Tony stepped back, Steve shook Marston’s hand as well.
His dad was sitting on the ground, not a few feet from the door, like he had run in and collapsed. He was being held up by Uncle Bruce and was sobbing uncontrollably into his shoulder.
With that Hulk stepped away from Steve. Hulk grunted indignantly at Thor then pushed his way through the other Avengers. He went back to where Bruce had been sitting on the couch then sat down. The couch creaked under his weight but held.
“Yes…” Steve whispered, wishing he could ask Tony himself about his father’s opinions but…but Tony probably wanted nothing to do with him at that point.
“Natasha has been sharing Steve’s schedule with me. I can recommend he get a few days off next week.”
“Sorry to tell you this,” she stated sarcastically. “But I’m not going to follow you into cryo…I want to live…and I want – no, I
Tony lowered his mouth and nudged the dog tags aside with the tip of his nose and kissed the skin beneath them. Steve’s arms twitched again but was unable to move them any closer. He seriously was considering ripping his shirt but he told himself he would not. He needed to have some control.
He rolled onto his side and reached to the spot beside him, like his father had done in the memory, except he was not copying it. He was reaching out for his own soulmate, to tell her of his new memory. He dimly remembered he had done many nights prior…
“Be careful,” Steve stated. Peter immediately turned on him, opening his mouth to voice an angry rebuttal, but, Steve raised his hand, silently asking for more time to speak. He continued, “I know he is different with you but, Pete, this is Deadpool. He’ll kill innocents for the right price.”
Tony needed to stop the fight and he knew the fastest way to do so. He turned on the thruster blasts to max on his hands and spun a few times, firing over the heads and drawing a nearly perfect line along the perimeter of the circular room.
Steve said goodbye to the soldiers and he and Tony began their walk back. He held the basket, now weighed down by the coals, close to himself. Yes, he’d sleep warmly tonight, but...but he didn’t have to sleep alone again either…
Steve came up behind Kilian, just as he finished his speech. He raised his pipe high over his head and knocked him back into the fire using all his strength. Kilian went flying into the fire and hit the base of a crane. His body crunched loudly in the impact.
“Why do I even have to keep it a secret?!” Peter gasped. He looked from Steve to Tony and demanded, “Why can’t I tell everyone I have powers or you are all my family?? I don’t care if they know! My friends would think it’s
“You may not remember me, Cap,” Cable retorted. “But I remember you. The man I remember loved his husband more than life itself and I know you’ll do nothing to jeopardize his life. You had to watch him die once and I bet that is one time too many for you…”
Wade, however, could not hold back his squeal of excitement when Peter led him into the kitchen and he saw the great Captain America in plain clothes which were being protected by an
Steve lay in the top basket of the iron-wrought, fire escape. He was curled on his side and his limbs had been placed with care into the fetal position. He was unconscious but the Soldier hadn’t just flung him down there and had taken the time to make sure he was comfortable.
“Ugh, Fury’s boy band,” Tony groaned as he finally remembered where he’d heard that term before. “I actually joined them in this timeline??”
Barnes’ eyes had been focused solely on her until that moment. He followed her gaze and looked at the rest of them as if he was surprised to see them. He neutralized his expression but Tony saw the flicker of horror in his eyes. He hadn’t known the Red Skull had once had Natasha,
Tony replied in his static Iron Man voice but Steve could hear the confidence in his tone as he stated, “I will think of something.”
Tony looked down at Peter, looking for a reaction to the plan. Peter’s expression was mostly blank and, for what seemed like a long hiatus, he did not reply, verbally or physically. But Peter finally nodded with care, as if moving his neck was difficult.
“D-Dad?!” Peter gasped, his face turning bright red at Tony’s suggestion. Tony grinned teasingly at his son whereas Steve laughed and leaned heavily into Tony’s side.
Steve knew Cable needed the time to repair the reactor and he knew they could not do anything for Tony until the Goblin made his move. Steve could do nothing but wait and it was frustrating. Thinking on it, Steve asked, “Why did you bring me here?”
“Palladium…Palladium. Why do we keep mentioning it?” Howard asked, peering at Tony thoughtfully over Steve’s shoulder. “Where’s this reactor? Is it really
"A week at the most," Coulson replied. "As long as there are no attacks on the President. If there are none in that time frame, we estimate that all parties who requested your presence will feel safe enough that you will no longer be needed. In the meantime, you will always be a phone call away from your son and every night we can establish a video feed so you two can see each other."
Wanda was slow moving and Steve was able to catch up to her in the hall. Vision hovered behind her worriedly with Wade slumped in his arms and Steve saw the young woman was sweating heavily. How much longer would she be able to keep Peter and Venom frozen like this?
His words gutted Tony. He crumpled in on himself and choked on the words as if they caused him pain, “It’s all I’ve been thinking about ever since arriving in this era. I…I had to consider everything, Steve.
Steve nodded and took a sip from his coffee. Tony turned off his holograms, placed his coffee on the counter, and motioned Steve closer. Steve complied and placed his coffee next to Tony’s before stepping up to him. His knees bumped into Tony’s and Tony gently placed his hands on Steve’s hips. Steve relaxed into his grip.
He found Peter and Steve sitting outside the door to Tony’s workshop. Even dead, his last protocols remained active and he could not enter the room or go to Tony’s floor. He begged Jarvis to let him in, he wanted to be where Tony once was and inhale his scent before it faded and pretend that he was still there but the AI stayed resolute in his master’s final commands.
Other than that, Tony did not push Steve any further because it had been what they discussed when they first planned: only touching and kissing. He also was not sure if Steve had really ever
Sam crossed the room and held his hand out to Tony. He said, “It’s great to meet you, Steve’s told me all about you!”
Peter perked upon the mentioning of the sugary substance and Steve shot Bruce a grateful smile. Peter absolutely loved ice cream. One of the SHIELD agents gave it to him and ever since he had been hooked.
He looked down at the inky black substance covering his body and watched in amazement as it disappeared and turned back into his clothes.
His school friends would want to talk about Venom and Captain America’s death. He was supposed to keep his identity a secret from them but how was he going to do that when they would want to talk about such popular topics??
The doctor leaned into his bed and murmured, “It is like any other phone but it requires a little more information. I will put in the U.S.’s area codes and you can take over from there. Do you know the number for your supervisors?”
Tony cupped the back of his neck and smiled proudly at Peter. It was one of his “father-son moments” Peter was not allowed to spoil. Even after all the time they had spent together, there were moments his dad liked to step back and appreciate the fact that Peter was in his life. Peter rolled his eyes, embarrassed by his dad’s coddling.
Their audience was screaming and going crazy but quieted down enough once the priest started talking.
“SHIELD has taken over the investigation, but they think it has to do more with my company’s business than my work in Project Rebirth…”
Steve stared at the glowing orb and memories from his time in Norway came trickling back to him. He remembered hearing stories from the locals about the midnight sun. Parts of the world, close to the North Pole, had months of continuous sun. How north was he?
They came quickly and collapsed into the mattress, gasping for breath. Tony curled himself against Steve’s chest and pressed his ear to his chest. Steve’s heart was beating quickly but the fact that Tony could hear it still brought him ease. It had since Steve joined him in the real world and he could actually hear and feel it beat.
Steve lay back on the small bed with a groan. His head hit the opposite wall and Peter loomed over him with a frown. Peter hit his side with his tiny fists and demanded, “Don’ be sad!”
He had mused over the problem and found a solution from the very clothes on his back. The outrageous neon jumpsuit was also extremely baggy. They had to give him the largest size because of his mass but it was mostly for his height. His waistline was too large for his narrow hips. He could easily hide his shield, uniform, and then some in it without any problem. However, getting to the outskirts of camp without notice was the main problem and then keeping the shied a secret in the close camp was another…
Friday helped lead Peter to an empty room on the next floor. It was a guest room Tony usually provided for his business partners. The lights turned on as soon as they entered. The room was simple by his dad’s standards with a king-sized bed, a small kitchen, eating area, and sitting area with a full entertainment system.
He’d repaired his camera before, when he didn’t have a backup to fall back on, and knew where to go. He found an alley near the building and quickly donned his civilian clothing. It was a cloudy day but the humidity was thick and the 80 some degrees actually felt like 90. He had to wear long sleeves to hide his uniform and was sweating in seconds. The last touch he added to his disguise were his sunglasses and then he slung his empty backpack on his shoulder and hurried into the nearby air conditioned store.
Cable got to work immediately. He plugged the glove into something and then rummaged in his various drawers, quietly mumbling to himself as he pulled out various objects.
They both heard the front door close and several minutes after that Peter felt himself slip into complete ease with Wade. Neither of them were going back to sleep any time soon and he felt Wade fingers begin to caress circles into his skin. Their naked bodies were pressed against each other as well so it didn’t take Peter’s dick all that long to start to harden. He wordless began to rub his hips into Wade’s and he felt Wade’s lower regions react nearly instantly.
shirt?” Steve and Tony traded glances and Clint’s head snapped back and forth between both of them almost comically.
Tony poured the coffee and wordlessly made a cup for Steve as well. He handed the mug to Steve from the other side of the counter and leaned on his end of the counter as he took a sip of his own coffee. Tony leaned onto his elbows as he tipped the mug for a taste but did not break eye contact with Steve.
“…I don’t remember,” James murmured. “All I remember is Steve and our hometown. There were so many tall buildings, and cars, and every couple of blocks you’d see an American flag hanging somewhere…Everyone spoke English. There was no Academy…No Hydra…”
Wade flushed more and Peter smiled teasingly at him. Peter sat down, putting his full weight on Wade’s lap and he wound both arms around the back of Wade’s neck. He murmured, “Let me guess…You wanted to frame one? We should put up some pictures of us in my room at least…”
Tony lightly caressed the back of his hand with his thumb and, after a slight pause, asked, “What upset you?”
“Won’t be long now,” he promised the structure. Soon, the “mightiest” building in the world would fall and the whole world would see what SHIELD was like without Osborn’s might backing it up. They will crumble beneath his fists and come crawling back to him for help like the worthless ants they are. Norman will make them beg for it on hands and knees and it will be a glorious end to his revenge.
Tony pressed his lips into Steve’s shoulder, also loving the firm feel of his muscle. He was there solid and warm...Tony probably was not going to let go of him for the rest of the day otherwise he wouldn’t believe this was real.
His and Wade’s eyes met and they grinned at each other. This Venom was smaller and weaker than the original. With Wade helping him, and soon the Avengers as well, Peter was positive he’d soon be out of the alien’s clutches again –.
Steve sighed heavily and rested his head on top of Tony’s. He was quiet and Tony listened to Steve’s gentle breathing as he waited for him to speak. Steve finally whispered, “If…If this does not go according to plan…y-you—you don’t have to…”
“We all do eventually,” Tony pointed out. Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, reminiscing with its texture, and sadly whispered, “Just some do sooner than others.”
“Am I okay?!” Tony gasped. He lifted his hand and shoved a cell phone in Steve’s face. He explained, “You left your phone here and left without telling anyone where you were going! You have been gone for hours! I thought Barnes killed you!”
Ultimately, he began to have affairs and one-night stands. He ignored the yearning in his heart that wanted him find someone to fill in the empty space there… He pushed the feeling away until it was completely smothered and he started to tell himself, “I don’t need a soulmate.”
“Coming right up, Petey,” Steve promised. He glanced back up at Tony and felt a flush hit his cheeks.
Wade lowered his head and swallowed Peter, making the younger man throw back his head with a loud groan. But Wade’s eyes remained focused on the watch and he darkly wondered if what Peter had said was true.
The second and most potent one was the fact that Tony was not standing before him like he always was when they first enter the dreamscape.
“I got it from here, Nat,” Steve said. Natasha holstered her gun and walked over to him by the elevator.
Tony snorted and said, “No, she'd never believe me. I told her we're really good friends but you live somewhere in Europe. I can’t tell her the truth. You know, you're a legend now, right? Parents tell their kids stories of Captain America before putting them to bed.”
Eddie looked at him curiously and with open trust. He had no idea of the horrifying thoughts that just passed through Peter’s mind.
“Uhhhh, sure,” Tony said and the boys gasped excitedly. They both scrambled to their feet, wearing matching expressions of excitement. Tony asked, “But remember the golden rule?”
Unsurprisingly, the man did not reply. Tony did not pause in his work as it relaxed him and was probably the only thing keeping him from attacking Barnes at the moment.
The darkness was gone and he was back in his bedroom and so very awake. He could tell he was awake by the way his heart hammered wildly against his ribs.
He gasped, “It-It is amazing to meet you!” He held out his hand and Peter reluctantly shook it. “May I take your picture and put it on my wall?”
. He was seeing Tony for Tony, not what the media tarnished or his history blemished. He wanted to sleep with Tony...for being Tony. It wasn't for a chance at fame or adding an infamous ledger to his book. He wanted to be with Tony
