“I didn’t know people would willingly get that wasted so soon after New Years. And that other girl—what was her name?”
“Ok, look, my default setting is dick, you should know that by now,” Tony pointed out. Steve grunted. “Ugh, you’re really going to make me say it, aren’t you? Fine.
“Rogers?”
Tony Stark had never in his life been put through more paces and drilled harder in battle than he was by this single group of punk kids. Fielding taunts of “old man” and “rust bucket” when he slowed down only fueled his determination to keep going, but
. She knocked on the doorframe to the open room. Kate looked up sharply. There was guilt and sadness in her expression, and it pained Tony that this was her initial reaction.
that could be heard clear out into the hallway. Peter’s eyes were as wide as pool balls. Bucky got up like his seat was on fire and peeked into the window looking into the hospital room; Tony was fairly certain that it was his double who had done the smacking and not the other way around, but he was glad Bucky wasn’t leaving anything to chance.
“Good, good just—agh—keep coming,” James said. Peter obeyed his older brother’s commands, leading Clint towards the middle until he could see his older brother. He fought against the Captain in the middle of a clearing. He didn’t look like he was having a fun time of it either—he already sported a split lip and there was a cut on his cheek. He still smirked though.
“Explain? Explain
“I know. What about this is uncomfortable, Tony? What’s wrong?” 3490 Steve said, which was the point at which Tony realized he’d said all of that aloud.
“Tony,” Steve said, “what on earth are you doing?” Tony had gathered about her cutting boards, measuring cups, knives, pots, and pans. Such was a dangerous thing for Tony Stark to have—mostly because it was dangerous to the poor souls upon whom she inflicted her cuisine.
. Well, that had never been true. Carol swore under her breath as they squashed behind Steve’s shield. “Any ideas, Stark?”
“TIME BREACH ON FIFTH AND BROADWAY! IRON MAN, STAY WITH THE CAPTAIN. EVERYBODY ELSE GRAB YOUR GEAR AND LET’S MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!” James’ shout carried down the hall.
“Sorry, ma’am,” he said. “I shouldn’t judge you by the Tony of my universe. I know that.” Tony arched an eyebrow.
he do?
longer. He might have been able to get
“What are we supposed to do? Just stand here?” he asked.
“You can’t know that, Peter,” MCU Steve spoke gently. “With Tony’s armor? She might have made it. You’ve just got to have a little faith.”
It wasn’t safe to walk to the safehouse just yet. If the bad men showed up, they would see them walking to the train station. First they had to hide. Jane directed them behind some big bushes. They would be able to see out if anyone pulled up to the house, but it was unlikely that anyone would be able to see them. It was a good spot. As long as they could stay quiet.
“I know that feeling,” he said.
! Uncle Bucky screamed for the second time that week, ripping his best friend off his younger doppelganger. He swore loudly at Commander Rogers in Russian. “He’s telling the truth.”
. I need you on aerial support; keep your eyes in the
. He closed his eyes and sighed, happy to be away from everyone else and their problems, happy to be away from the heat of battle, happy to be about to wander through the world of dreams.
Sam Wilson
her, not encouraged her. He was an awful big brother. He shut the door behind him and trudged down the stairs. He could see Tony sitting at one of the steel lab tables, fiddling with Dum-E’s circuitry. The little bot’s hand whirred suddenly as sparks went out.
played on the television. Henry Pym grinned at him. Pym was a good kid, still just fourteen, and he seriously hero-worshipped Azari. Pym didn’t have any innate powers or abilities, which was surprisingly common for Avengers kids. The others who didn’t have any were Lyra and Brian Banner, all four Barton kids, and Danielle Cage. Well, actually, considering that Danielle was only two years old that was up for debate. Peter felt odd, having suddenly been kicked out of this smaller group of non-powered Avengers kids.
Steve couldn’t think of any words that fit, and even if he could have thought of them, his throat was too tight to speak. A moment passed, and Tony averted his rather intense gaze, returning to the holograph. Steve could have left it there, but for some strange reason he was compelled not to. He felt like Tony had offered him something important, and he felt like he should do the same.
“Oh,” he said finally. “Oh. I get it.”
, but, we needed her expertise and familiarity on the subject as much as her genius. It wasn’t her specialty, but we’ve been dealing with this sort of thing for long enough that she understood it well. We’re working on it. In the mean time…the best solution is probably to figure out who is behind this and why, before they make it worse.” Steve exchanged a look with all of the MCU Avengers.
back in the bunker. But they were too wrapped up in one another to notice anything but themselves. It was so gross.
she pregnant? But, no, she’d been on time in her last cycle and her husband had been away or unavailable in the time since, aside from the other afternoon. So was she getting fat? Had she developed a
to do it and you don’t think that hey, maybe one of them will get their paws on my brother and use him as leverage? If we have to tie him down with adamantium rope then we
The Avengers were in disarray. James was used to seeing his father in command mode, used to watching him shout orders and think up strategies to keep everyone safe, but now he just wore a dazed expression, barely dodging bullets. Uncle Bucky was the one getting him out of the way, covering his back. Natasha was the one throwing out orders, Natasha and MCU Captain America. The Avengers and the Alts were busy taking out the assailants, as were some of the Avenger kids. They had, after all, been to the Academy for years. They had trained for this moment.
. Took down any enemy we put in front of him with a ruthless efficiency. And wouldn’t you know it—the little bastard was one of the ones we were fighting in the cataclysm.” James yelped as 525 Steve yanked on his hair, forcing his head back, his hands finally reaching up and grasping the man’s, trying to pull him off. He was staring up at 525 Steve then, who regarded him with a pitying expression.
They shook on it.
“How? Same goddamn way you track a fucking
Tony knew the moment that the car alarms began to go off that something was terribly, horribly wrong. Well, actually, his double screaming in Italian was another hint, but the moment it sounded like every car alarm in the city had gone off at once, Tony remembered Kate’s solid advice.
James slunk down into the lab, almost dreading this encounter. Tony hadn’t spoken to him alone since the Kate Incident, and he knew what she was going to say. He felt a knot in his gut. He would deserve everything she could throw at him. Kate should have never been at House of M. James should have
that we would be there for them as much as we could every day because in our line of work you never know which breakfast with them is going to be your
. Show up tomorrow, don’t, leave, stay—I don’t
They hadn’t talked much, though. That little bubble of what-now-anxiety still sat some with Steve. He didn’t know what the future had in store for them—but then again, that wasn’t any different than any other day, when he really thought about it. And it wasn’t as though they had
“I’ve got it,” he assured her. Then he walked out of the kitchen, heading for the stairs to his bedroom, his parents (and the whole room) staring after him.
“Sorry doll,” he said, “you’re gorgeous but I’ve got to make sure my little sister isn’t getting herself into trouble.” Lizzie just shrugged and walked back downstairs. James went to the railing of the catwalk, looking down at the club. He could spot Francis, moving around, but he didn’t see Kate. He headed down the stairs himself, heading to the archer.
James finally released his brother, though his hold on him had been weak anyway. He was breathing heavily. He finally felt that his cheeks were damp. He could finally see his brother’s frightened expression. But James had nothing left to give. He started laughing. It was utterly inappropriate, but he couldn’t stop it.
“You’re not getting out of this that easily,” mature Steve said. Double Pepper sighed.
didn’t have time to
all those papers? Did they really
“Yeah. Yeah,” Peter agreed, still feeling oddly dazed. MCU Steve didn’t leave the bathroom until Peter had found a toothbrush and toothpaste. Peter brushed, willing himself not to think of anything at all. Peter finished cleaning up, headed to one of the bedrooms, swiping a pillow and blanket that had been neatly folded on a chair. The younger Barton brothers and their sister slept on the bed. Billy, Teddy, and Tommy were also in the room, settling down for the night on the floor.
in the gutter, too, were it not for the look on Tony’s face.
“Oh, we shouldn’t it’s—”
exactly they were going to do about their daughter’s drug use. She had been grounded until Kingdom Come, but beyond that Tony wasn’t certain, and it wasn’t like Steve was talking to her about
, Stark. Way more suspicious than you’ve been giving them credit for,” Barton said. “I think it’s their Natasha—she’s sharp. She covered her mouth first at their dinner a couple weeks ago.”
, that maybe somehow I’d
I always wanted to finish this piece, and it has been on my mind for all seven of these years, a little niggle at the back of my brain. I have to say, whatever the quality of the end, it's a relief to have finally written it.
“Shit, shit, shit,” Peter whispered as he dragged his bum leg out from beneath the shelving, still struggling to hold the thing up. Inch by painful inch, he moved it out, and when it was done, he dropped the shelving like it was made of molten lava. He bit his lip as the pain only grew. His spider healing could help with a lot, but he was still human.
—yet here Steve was, on his way to protect the eccentric figure. He got in the limo, wondering just exactly where it was going to take him—did Stark have a mansion somewhere in D.C.? Steve didn’t know—senators weren’t typically his concern, and up to this point he had been one of many agents assigned to the President. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t a little peeved at having to leave the position. He’d grown close to the other special agents on the same detail—Barton, Romanov, Coulson, Odinson, Banner… He was loath to leave them. At least, he thought, he might see Romanov occasionally, when the Senator required extra protection.
,” she said, partly angry, partly relieved.
“Certainly, sir,” JARVIS answered. 3490 Steve held up the device for them to see.
“Hm?” he asked, his mouth still full.
“Well the subway explains part of it—can’t get a signal underground. He must have…he must have turned it off. That is so
“Sixty seconds!” James informed them. Sixty seconds was plenty of time. They fought their way to the rink, pushing back the agents until Steve felt his own shoes on the ice. “Fifteen seconds!” Most of the agents were either dead around them or through the breach. Iron Man suddenly landed next to him as Steve watched the Hulk scare the remainder of them straight through the hole in the multiverse.
But James knew that was wrong. Intellectually, he knew that was wrong. He wasn’t sure he’d feel bad about it, but he knew it was
“You want to know why I never showed up to shit? That’s funny because you
which did not seem to be a concept that Stark completely understood. Oh sure, Stark worked all the time—he worked around the clock, really, but he never ceased to play, either. He drank while he came up with new inventions, played angry birds while he sat in meetings—he couldn’t sit still for more than two minutes. Being completely, 100% devoted to a task did not seem to be within his capabilities.
pull a prank, Mom thinks it’s funny and endearing. When
“Are you trying to get rid of us?” Clint asked bluntly. 3490 Tony blinked.
“If I do, will you give me what I want?” 525 Steve asked. He was met with silence. James felt one big, broad, warm hand (a familiar hand, and it made his skin crawl) move from his shoulder to wrap around the back of his neck. It was a gentle pressure, but threatening. “Necks are such a weak point, aren’t they? Such a design flaw. No wonder Tony makes his suits practically without them. They’re too easy to snap.”
“It took six more years. Steve worked for Marvel comics for a few years before he got back into S.H.I.E.L.D. and the military,” she explained. Steve the artist was much different than Steve the soldier, and Tony was frankly glad she’d met Steve the artist first. Steve the soldier was more intimidating. “Then we got on with the Avengers Initiative. Speaking of—you’re pretty young in this endeavor, yes? Can you tell me
. Steve heard the words unspoken.
“Hm,” Torrun said. She took a bite of turkey, not answering him for a minute. “This could be your last Thanksgiving.” James grinned and raised his eyebrows.
“Stranger for him,” Antonella pointed out. “You should really cut the guy some slack. Literally everyone he knows is dead. Or like, a year or two from death. His whole way of life—gone. Not even hamburgers taste the same.”
“Tony?” Steve heard himself say. His voice was rough, like he hadn’t spoken in a hundred years.
was taking on that extra stress while
, Kate wanted to say. But instead she stayed silent.
“No you don’t. Shouldn’t. Only saying that ‘cause I’m dying,” James said.
“Five minutes!” MCU Steve repeated in understanding before running off to MCU Clint, who was shooting off arrows from the cover of a smoking cab. James ran with his sister through the streets. The Avengers kids were all helping as much as they could. The non-powered kids had stuck together, and they found them all in a group. Peter was nearby protecting them, swinging off of buildings by a
. Well, until now, anyway.
. At least, Francis wouldn’t feel right about it. But Kate felt strongly about him, and Francis felt strongly about her—more strongly than he wanted to admit—so Kate and Francis had decided to make a promise of sorts. They would be together when Kate became of age.
“You don’t think he’d…?” Steve trailed off.
to abuse these new found powers, you did.”
been in the Academy since we were kids. He’ll be a SHIELD agent the minute he graduates. But that’s never been an option for me. I’ve always—I’ve always been on the outside, Kate. And now I have a chance to be on the inside, to really make a difference, and they were
“Shouldn’t he be in the Junior class?” Ava Ayala asked. Peter knew her tangentially. He had met her once or twice and knew that she was another White Tiger.
Peter Parker, like Pepper Potts (though of course he would never see the parallel), coveted another life. In this particular instance, as he lay on the ground, his eye throbbing and his abdomen hurting so badly he could puke, he coveted a very specific life. If he was James, this wouldn’t ever happen. If he was 6’2”, broad shouldered, possessed the strength of ten men, conventionally handsome, openly the son of Captain America—well, Flash would have gone running instead of deciding to beat his face in.
to appreciate—and just looked at the Agent.
“Is there a—what? This is my room,” Tony insisted. Steve glanced at his shield and his duffel bag.
“You don’t even have
“No, just—thinking,” Torrun said. She smiled at him. “It’s good to see you again.” James smiled back.
“You know—no matter what happens with your father and I—you’re still my son too. You got that?” Tony asked him. James felt his throat tighten.
There were some general complaints from the crowd at large, all of which went ignored as the concerned parties—two by two—headed off in search of one of the bunker’s safe rooms all together. There was some general indignation from the gathered group (all of which went completely ignored) but the grumbling settled pretty quickly into hushed tones instead.
“Pain on a scale of one to ten is about eleven at the moment,” he said. “Pretty sure I burn through—“
“Kate’s overdosed. She’s in the hospital,” Bucky said. Despite having imbibed much more than Steve had, he was completely coherent, and very gravely serious. It took a moment for Bucky’s words to sink in, for Steve to comprehend what was happening, but eventually it sunk in as his phrases merged.
problem in the safe house. Kate and Francis had yet to kiss and make up. Torrun felt bad about the part she played in their falling out, but more than anything she was irritated with Francis. She didn’t know why he played the field if he had his eye on Kate. It seemed dishonest to her. Why couldn’t he just wait for her to grow up a little, if he really cared about her the way he claimed to? But Torrun tried to shrug it off. It wasn’t any of her business. If Francis wanted to be a dick, then that was Francis’ prerogative. And if Kate still wanted to be with him even though he was acting like a dick, well, that was hers, too. At the moment, though, it seemed unlikely that either of them would ever say two actual words to each other in order to resolve their problems. Torrun looked back over to MCU Steve and Tony sitting on the couch, as far from one another as they could get.
“Sounds like Bruce,” Tony said. “I only wish I understood it better. It’s…a bit of a pain, being here, listening to your Mom babble on about the science and not be able to keep up.” Antonella, of course, had done no such thing. Her lips were sealed on the topic. But Peter didn’t know that. Tony felt a small pang of guilt again.
“I said his name eventually didn’t I?” he said.
He wandered back towards the bathroom nearest his room—all he wanted was a hot shower and a good night’s sleep. His whole body ached, and he had a graze or two from those ancient bullets. They might have shitty aim, but when there was a whole group of them aimed at you—well, one was bound to hit eventually. The soldiers had, eventually, disappeared, though Peter had no idea where to. Back to their own time? Or further forward? The robot, at least, had crashed and remained unmoving. It was SHIELD’s job to classify it and clean it up, though, a fact that Peter was exceedingly grateful for.
Steve insisted.
“You have,” MCU Steve spoke.
“Didn’t think you drank, either.”
“Well, anyway. I kind of figured that
“I beat you once, I can beat you again,” Kate said coolly. “It’s just not worth my time. Unlike you, I have a life outside here.” Ok. Kate could admit that last part was a bit mean. Jeanne might have rich parents to go home to if she chose, but Kate knew she would probably always be on a watch list for some of her past activities. After three years at the Academy, she could of course go back to a normal high school, but she wouldn’t
The funeral began. With traditional organ music, and a priest. The priest was doing a lot of talking, and there were even bouts of singing by a cantor. Lots of words. Peter wasn’t really paying attention. Peter was paying attention to his breathing, to the roaring in his ears, to the tightness in his chest. Peter was trying his level best not to cry, not to break down into sobs, because this funeral was an entire Catholic mass and he did not have it in him to cry for a solid hour straight.
, you never
“But I
Oh, this was exactly what she didn’t want to think about. Tony turned her thoughts doggedly to the task at hand and did not think about Kate until it was time to emerge for dinner. Dinner, thankfully, was uneventful. The alts, better rested, seemed more accepting of their position and more comfortable in it. They felt fine asking more questions about themselves in 3490, which Steve and Tony were fine with answering. Peter and Kate even answered a few questions—Peter with enthusiasm, Kate with dry wit that reminded Tony so of her father. It was one of the only things that did, with Kate.
“Oh, honey, don’t I know it,” she said. She drained the last of her coffee mug and rose. “If you’d like a better story, you should ask Steve. I’m sure he’ll put in many romantic embellishments and the story will take him at least four hours to tell—but I prefer short and sweet.” Tony got up to refill her cup, and she could feel Other Steve’s eyes on her back the whole time.
“James,” Steve said, surprising Tony and apparently surprising James a bit too. His eyes flickered to the other man briefly. “Stand down, soldier. We are
“—And now your grades are slipping and I want to know
“Like what?”
“Thor, Captain, you both stay here. If we make this a big operation with recognizable faces, it’ll get conspicuous. Romanov, Barton, you’re with me. Let’s head out—Tony, send me the address,” 3490 Steve said.
Days, weeks, months—even without the multiverse ripping itself to pieces, they would never be able to keep pace. They needed a solution, and
, Bucky always said. Steve had found that to be true over the years. Yet it still shocked him that all of this had happened so quickly.
“Yourselves! I know what it is, Steve, when you’re no longer on a pedestal in your father’s eyes. And I know what it is to see the disappointment there and—no, don’t you give me that look! You
—I don’t
“Oh, baby,” Tony said, not wanting to admit that her eyes were getting wet, too. She pulled her daughter into a rare hug. “Because I love you, that’s why.”
“Basketball! Perfect!” Tony said. He dropped the welding tool on a workbench and threw off the mask entirely. “How about we play a bit? There’s a court on the eighth floor.” Steve blinked, caught off guard as Tony walked over and jabbed the button for the elevator.
,” 3490 Steve said. He was shouting by the end of it, and Antonella was looking less and less able to meet him with confidence, shrinking in on herself from the scolding.
“Because it’s unofficial,” Kate replied. “But things like you being put in our class? It drives it home. It’s not—some of these guys
“My boyfriend. Yes. I thought I’d gotten that across.”
, to fight villains, to dodge bullets and god only knew what else, to be holed up in a place with a man wanted by the agents they were fighting, and now the fear was only worse—they weren’t just after the other Steve casually. He was essentially
“JARVIS, emergency override code Oscar Uniform Tango 6-3-8,” Tony ordered, but just as he finished doing so the suit began to rise off the ground—it was six feet in the air by the time it released Tony. He fell to the pavement, on top of bits of debris and broken glass, the wind knocked out of him. He felt a hand on his shoulder as something blocked out the sun. He blinked, realizing slowly that it was Steve, squatting next to him and shielding him.
what you use your powers for.”
“Friends!” Thor boomed. “I bring glad tidings. Our journey is almost at an end.” Steve couldn’t help but stare at what he held. The 3490 Avengers hadn’t shared much of what the Infinity gauntlet was capable of—but their own Thor had filled them in. It seemed impossible that a glove could fix the multiverse.
just let him go, he’s done nothing—”
“His own—are
,” Kate replied with bite. She rolled her eyes and reached for her tablet, hoping to end the conversation.
you, Steve? How dare you compare what I did to what Bernie did to you? How dare you compare my
him, I really can’t believe it. He knows if something happened we wouldn’t be able to trace his location,” Antonella said. They discussed the matter a bit more as the Alts in the living room decided to relocate to the kitchen; Pepper had suggested they get some ice cream to cheer everyone and no one had disagreed. Even Antonella and 3490 Steve followed, though they didn’t partake of the dessert. Fifteen minutes later, the kitchen door opened and Peter walked in. He looked both well rested and tired at the same time. He was sweaty, like he’d gone for a run and hadn’t had time to shower.
you and what have you done with Steve Rogers?” Tony demanded, rolling his eyes too as Steve got up from his seat and grabbed his bag.
, Nick Fury, have been running from HYDRA for over a year because of a single skirmish?” Steve asked, disbelieving.
“Tony, I know we’re in Vegas, but
“Fine, news reel doppelganger goes on the long list of our possibilities,” Natasha’s double spoke. “It doesn’t change that we know nothing for certain in that area. However. We do think we’ve found someone who might. Nick Fury—he went underground after the incident with Latveria. We assumed it was due to the incident itself but one the agents we got to blab mentioned that a Nick Fury had been a pain in their ass in June—long before you all and your Nick showed up.”
Steve and Tony, and how complicated their life was, even if there was beauty in it, too. And what if this was all born of them? What if these weren’t
“This guy
,” Steve heard Francis’ voice clearly. It was firm, but had a desperate note to it. Steve was impressed with the kid. But Kate’s voice answered back, furious,
“That’s the long and short of it, yes. I’d like you to be out of the house until three, if you can,” she said. She reached into her back pocket and threw down a black credit card on the table. “Go out. Have fun. Enjoy yourselves. Oh and, can you take this to Peter while you’re out? He forgot his permission form. He goes to Midtown Science.” 3490 Tony handed Pepper the slightly crinkled and well-folded form, also from her pocket. “Just stay out of the house for a bit.”
“Oh, honey,” she said.
his tech-making ability… Actually, Mickey used a suit, too, didn’t she? Come to think of it, Peter wondered why his Dad hadn’t invited any of them. There was some debate between using Billy—who could have magicked himself a similar suit—or Azari, who would be able to fight against the suit with his electrokinetic abilities. Azari was picked in the end. The rejected team, Billy, Teddy, Kate, Tommy, and David, would watch and maybe get a chance to do their own scrimmage later.
Chapter 76: Sunday, December 18, 2016
“Aye, the Captain is a ruthless foe!” Thor agreed with Tony’s sentiment. “Already he has attacked me with several shells of red.”
“I—you could have been going hungry or—or—starving yourself on purpose, or—I don’t know, I just wanted—”
watch, Stark,” Fury warned.
“Woo! Wasn’t sure that would be accurate,” Tony’s voice laughed in Natasha’s ear.
“There, now you’ve got it,” Tony said, rolling his eyes. He packed up the papers and materials and stuffed them in one of the old metal filing cabinets. By the time he’d turned back around, Steve had composed himself once more. Tony was impressed. He looked, though, like he was holding back a laugh. Tony was almost offended. “
“Mmmph,” James replied.
Steve’s wrists were chafing. He was bound by adamantium, and he couldn’t move at all. He was on his knees. This was not, Steve thought, the first time that this universe had done this. They were in an armored SHIELD truck, going somewhere, though Steve didn’t know where. He wasn’t sure that he wanted to.
Bobbi Morse Barton
“Perhaps you could help us out a bit, ma’am,” Steve said. He had on a smile that was probably supposed to look charming, but Tony could recognize it as tight around the edges. She thought it was interesting that he was still in the
“What the fuck are they juicing those spiders with?” Kate asked.
“Reasons,” was all 3490 Tony said before she flitted out of the kitchen abruptly. 3409 Steve looked at the avengers. The avengers looked back at 3490 Steve.
Peter honestly had no idea of where James might be. His brother just took off after everything that went down, and Peter knew he couldn’t let him, that he couldn’t let James go with everything between them. He had to apologize. He had to make things right. He’d had no idea what his brother was going through, Peter realized with a pang of guilt. He’d been angry at the universe, and instead of taking it out on the universe, he took it out on James. It was unfair of him, and now James was gone. He couldn’t leave things there. Peter wandered through the tunnel. He was sure he wouldn’t catch his brother, and he wasn’t sure where he should start
“Why are you even in class?” Peter asked him. “You
“Sorry isn’t
“I’m sorry,” were the first words out of Tony’s mouth as Steve arrived upstairs. She’d been apologizing ever since the accident, and it broke Steve’s heart. She laid on their bed, looking utterly exhausted. Steve knew how much these attacks took out of her. He just shook his head and came to sit beside her on the bed. He took her hand in his and kissed the inside of her wrist (
“Uh-huh. I’m sure,” he said. “What’s really going on?”
“Awful things happen in war, Tony,” Steve said, his eyebrows knitting together in confusion. “Is Rhodey ok?”
“I believe their teacher complained to the school district about my language and behavior,” Tony said, rolling his eyes.
Steve Rogers had experienced a lot of awkward things in his (either relatively short or extraordinarily long) lifetime. He could recall countless “double dates” with Bucky, always blind. Some girls were out and out rude to a little guy like him. Others smiled politely and tried to make conversation—but their pained expressions were always pretty obvious. Stuttering with a sandwich next to Tony Stark of Earth 3490 was definitely up there on his list of Embarrassing and Awkward Moments. But Steve didn’t think that anything could really top the awkwardness of this moment, sitting on opposite ends of the couch as Tony Stark, watching the news play out the battle that was going on elsewhere in the city.
It wasn’t until
something?” Dad asked, exasperated. Peter tensed. He could see Kate doing the same in the corner of his eye. Here they went again.
“I’m sorry?” the tour guide asked.
dying James,” Peter said forcefully.
“I’m not saying you’re like him, Steve, you’re not
?” Antonella asked, sounding incredibly wounded, an hysterical tone to her voice that Tony had never heard from his double.
to me,” Kate wailed.
to Steve. They’d encountered their share of advanced weaponry, of course, even alien weaponry, but nothing quite so reminiscent of the science fiction movie as this.
’s ok right now, Rogers,” Tony said, doing his best not to snap at the other man and stay quiet enough that he wouldn’t disturb the kids. What a stupid question. “Antonella’s dead, some mysterious gang is trying to
or whatever it is that’s gotten warped and set on a loop inside that incredibly dense brain of yours.” He put a friendly hand on the man’s shoulder, but as soon as Tony’s eyes met his, he withdrew like he’d been electrified.
“Indeed!” Tony said, approaching him with a grin. “Hold out your right arm, I’ll put it on.” James obeyed, and Tony attached the smooth blue object to his arm. It was smooth like a smart phone, and colored blue. It was oval shaped, and flat on the side that made contact with his forearm and gently curved on the top. The straps James knew were made of Tony’s special smart fabric—it would read his vitals.
“Like you were attacking him—
to you. After
something. But there was nothing to be done, nothing he could do. Even if he could leave his post, could join his father and get vengeance for Tony, it wouldn’t change anything. She would still be dead. James hit the punching bag so hard it swung up and knocked the ceiling before swinging back around. He jumped away in the nick of time. He hadn’t been sure he even wanted to move, but reflexes got in the way. James looked down at his dry, bleeding hands and decided he was done for the day. He wasn’t getting anywhere. He was running in circles. He had to
“GUYS!” Francis shouted. Finally Steve and Tony shut up. Steve looked at the boy, whom everyone was staring at. “Has, uh, has anyone seen Peter?”
“Your hands are using atomic force to stay in place?” he asked.
. Steve had talked him off a ledge, and the moment James was stable (and thank
“Drinking on the job is strictly prohibited,” Steve answered.
“Then what
“Tony, what the ever loving
“I don’t need another therapist, Tony,” Steve said, belatedly realizing that he was using his sandwich-holding hand to gesture sternly, which made him look rather ridiculous.
“Calling, Director,” JARVIS’ voice echoed through the room.
,” Francis said, putting a hand on her upper arm, as if he could see her mentally retreating and could physically pull her back. “I just—I want it to be clear. Whatever else—I mean, you can be as furious with me as you want; we should have talked about it, but, whatever else is going on I just need you to know that I love you.”
“So it wasn’t a Stark weapon, then?” Tony asked, still looking at his gadget, speaking more quietly than Steve had ever heard the obnoxiously loud senator speak. Steve wasn’t one to lie, but for once he swallowed his compunction for honesty in a fit of kindness.
, it was something in the
“Well?” Kate asked. Steve looked over, startled, before remembering that there had indeed been a question in there.
“A ping!” she exclaimed. “He’s—oh, he’s coming out of the subway station at Hollis Hills. Call Happ—”
“That’s right,” he said. “Around two years. Near three, now,” he said.
“Is that all?” Peter asked, standing up. He was in the mood to show off just a bit, so instead of climbing a wall, he jumped straight up, his hands landing flat on the ceiling as he pulled the rest of his body up. Of course, his feet were in shoes, so that made the position more difficult to maintain, but it was worth it to hear the
and you ought to have the common
going on, with feelings and everything, I wouldn’t have made out with him,” Torrun said, matter-of-fact. “It was just a bit of fun—I didn’t think anyone was getting hurt.”
“For a month? Tony, don’t you think that might be a little…harsh?” 3490 Steve asked cautiously.
, Stark?” Natasha asked.
Jamie was messing with his bracer, testing out different settings and, as he had told Peter earlier, “trying not to blow anything up.” Mom had given Jamie the bracer with the semi-holographic nanite shield just before Christmas and hadn’t explained to him all the settings, Peter knew. He’d seen him playing with it between missions, trying to figure out everything that it did. Peter’s mother was a genius, which meant the thing probably did everything you could think of and about a thousand things you’d never guess. Unfortunately, Peter’s mother was a genius, and she tended to assume in her designs that everyone had her ability to intuit how to get a piece of tech to do all those things a reasonable person would think of and a thousand other things only an eccentric genius would. She wasn’t great at normal person friendly UI, beyond throwing an artificial intelligence at it and just letting you talk to it to get it to do what you wanted. She hadn’t gotten around to that yet with the bracer.
Steve had gone to the hospital alone. He found Bruce outside the OR, his blood pressure getting up too high because no one would let him in despite the fact that
In order to keep his brain from rotting, Tony decided that morning to peruse the mansion’s library. He was pleasantly surprised to find that it had been updated—3490 Tony had filled it not just with the classics and antique books that their father had been so fond of, but also with hundreds of science books. He picked one up on the theory of the multiverse and got to reading. Maybe 3490 Tony couldn’t do anything, but maybe 199999 Tony could. He spent the morning reading the book while Pepper sat in the library with him, picking her way through a Jane Austen novel and sipping tea. It was a rare luxury for her, Tony knew, and he was glad she got the chance to kick back.
“Tony—Tony’s gone. She’ll never see Peter or Kate graduate. She’ll never see any of them get married or have kids of their own. She’ll never finish that suit in the basement lab. All those vacations we said we’d take, all those places we wanted to go back to when they
“So,” the Commander spoke finally as the children gathered into the kitchen. They had been waiting on everyone to show up to begin their breakfast meeting, which was becoming a regular thing. Natasha knew that it
“Because I’ve seen you look at him,” Antonella said simply. “He’s not as judgmental as you think. He is certainly as bossy as you think, but he’s usually got a good reason to be. He’s not stupid, either, just
training program for powered kids that Xavier wouldn’t take so that Stamford would never happen again. So they bought this old school and turned it into the Academy. They took in powered kids and set them up with rooms in the boardinghouse, and they trained us all together. But thing of it is—a lot of these kids were criminals. They don’t have the best records, or the best home lives, unfortunately. A lot of them have…pretty gray morality. Not all of them, of course, but…they’re not ideal Avengers, even if they’re trained to be efficient.”
fumbling, you don’t know
“Not as good as mine, but probably about the same as I was at that same stage, a couple of years into it,” Dr. Banner reasoned. “He’s not likely to Hulk out unless we give him reason to.”
“What? You never show up here out of the blue,” Kate said defensively.
“Oh, come on, Giggles, lost your tongue again?” Senator Stark asked.
!” Peter yelled at him. James bit his tongue and took a breath. One or two casualties were inevitable. He was hurting, so that’s what he was doing in turn.
Tony highly valued her alone time with her husband. She never got even half of what she wanted, so this? This peace and tranquility? This uninterrupted period to just
of it, Pep,” Tony had explained to her. Pepper didn’t understand what this principle might be—the principle of not getting him killed, not destroying his intellectual integrity, or not destroying her property?—and said as much to Tony. Tony just grumbled and continued to fiddle with small electronics within reach.
Peter dead lifted a full ton in the lab with no trouble—male Tony wanted to conduct additional field tests to see just
you know I’m tailing the four of you,” 3490 Clint said. “It’s procedure, precaution, call it what you will, you four are dangerous people. We know intimately just
“That’s not necessary,” 3490 Tony scoffed, recovering from her frozen face rather quickly.
,” Kate demanded. Francis looked hesitant. He looked like he might actually go for a moment, but then something set in her face and she knew he wasn’t going anywhere. A knot tightened in her stomach.
, Steve thought with a sigh. For Stark it meant a night of getting drunk and dancing and schmoozing with beautiful A-listers. For Steve it meant an uncomfortable evening shoved into his military dress uniform as he did his best to watch the crowd and keep his charge safe.
“THERE’S A WHOLE ARMY OF CHITAURI IN THE BRONX!” Kate yelled out through the hall.
Ben was a nice guy, though James admittedly didn’t know him very well. He wasn’t powered, though he was a massive science geek. He knew that Peter and he were fairly close as ‘cousins’. James figured they had plenty to geek out about. James was better friends with Francis, Azari, and Torrun, who had all attended Avengers Academy with him on weekends when he was at NYMA. James would have been there even more often, but he was breaking the rules just to be there
James had no conscious idea that he was crying, had no idea that tears streaked down his angry face. But the fact certainly didn’t go unnoticed by anyone else in the room. Likewise, he didn’t notice that the arm which held his brother trembled, that his grip was more for his own support than for suppression.
But nothing dealing with 525 would really ever be over. Tony knew that as she stared at her dead double with the smoking hole where his heart should be. This would never leave them.
“Now, Brandon, that’s not true—Peter has grown up hearing all about tactics, learning lessons from his parents, and I think that, those of us who watched the scrimmage with the Alts this morning would all agree that Peter fought admirably—” Dr. Pym tried, but the other students weren’t having any of it. Peter was surprised at the sudden animosity.
“Yes, yes, and that’s why I just can’t
“—Seriously. If I’d known, I wouldn’t have—“
to have done.”
,” 3490 Steve admonished, “I’m not fleeing the city to avoid my ex-wife.”
these guys,” Peter said. “They’re—Robbie, Juston, Taki…they’re awesome. They’re great.”
have him pinned against the wall at this point, and the boy was looking panicked.
“I will if you use words like
. NO ONE REMEMBERED TO STAY BEHIND WITH ME. YOU REALLY THINK IT’S SAFER ALONE IN THE BUNKER THAN WITH A TEAM OF PROFESSIONALS IN THE FIELD?” MCU Steve demanded.
There were a lot of things Tony
. She had no idea how having a computer for a brain would affect a baby’s cognitive development, but it didn’t spell good things. She felt panic rising in her chest. She might have to terminate this pregnancy. Now telling Steve was going to be about ten times more difficult. She knew he would support her decision, that wasn’t in question—but the mental stress of a pregnancy and an abortion was no small thing. She threw the trash bag in the garbage can in the garage and then walked back into the house, trying to take deep breaths and avoid an attack.
a kicked puppy dog face.” Natasha just raised an eyebrow. Steve knew he was blushing, so he looked away, back out towards the party. He could see Tony slowly slipping away from the crowd, heading out onto the balcony. No one else seemed to notice. “I should go—” Steve made his way through the hoard, doing his best to ignore the reporters on the large screen televisions, all speculating and making predictions. He headed out onto the balcony. It was freezing cold outside, and every breath Steve exhaled came out in a cloud. Tony was the only one out there, with both forearms resting on the railing as he looked out at the skyline. Steve joined him there.
be on the Avengers some day. But they don’t think they will be, and honestly? I mean, take this morning. Who got to spar with the Alts? All of us have a parent on the Avengers roster, except for David.”
. You’re coming with us,” Steve said.
bad. Besides they would make a good couple. I’ve always said it was a shame you’re straight as an arrow. We could have been
supposed to leave her hands. She took out as many Chitauri as she could but she knew her flight path was erratic. She couldn’t calm herself down. No matter how hard she tried, no matter how many times she screamed at herself
“BS?” Kate asked. “Really? So it’s total BS that you’re the only Rogers who didn’t
“And why the hell not? For all the shit she pulled she
“Water,” James gasped as the Captain landed a punch to his gut. At first Peter didn’t understand, but then he saw the shallow little pond that James was staggering backward into. Peter weighed his options—he could continue to run and hope that Clint would pursue him, but it seemed unlikely—at some point, he knew, the man was going to stop and
. Nope, that was not going to fly even in a world where she showed no outward signs of pregnancy (which was indeed not this one).
“He’s been here a while then,” her father replied, expression darkening. “The Hydra agents are homegrown. Your red skull has been here—for God knows how long—biding his time. Building up his agents. Planning to make his ‘new universe order’. Whatever that means.”
“She’ll be fine. I’ll let you all know if there’s a change for the worse, but she’ll be fine. She’s lucky she has super soldier genes. I’d appreciate it if you all left. Kate needs her rest now.” No one spoke or moved for a moment, but finally Clint—3490 Clint, Tony thought—broke the silence.
the name, and then she would have his balls for it. He thought of her that way anyway. Antonella sipped her coffee. “He does seem to be the biggest virgin to ever virgin. My Steve had…I won’t say extensive, but he certainly had enough experience with men, anyway, that even if he blushed a bit around women he wasn’t totally ignorant about sex. I can’t tell with your Steve.”
“Uh, a week at best, a month, tops,” other Tony spoke, sounding apologetic. Fury looked like he was about to have a stroke.
“No, you won’t,” he said, a small smile on his face. Tony noticed that 3490 Tony froze for a moment. He could practically hear what she was thinking.
“That seems…complicated,” he said. Kate shrugged and sipped her coffee.
“Don’t stick to things and no webs,” Dad said in response. “And those of you with super strength, just use your best judgment. Natasha does
hurt the kids.”
The alarm went off through the safehouse. James groaned and laid back again, shoving the pillow back over his face like he could just ignore it all. Then not a second later, he’d thrown the pillow back off and was getting out of bed. Torrun put a hand on his arm to stop him. He looked at her. She looked at him.
“I just—uh—it’s obviously not our clothes that are the problem, so,” he said. Tony nodded mutely, and they dressed in silence. Finally, once Tony had finished gathering up the scattered contents of his wallet, Steve remarked, “You know, I thought you’d finally cracked when you started taking off your tie and ordered me to strip.”
“Two.” Nothing.
dad, didn’t they?” Kate regretted the words as soon as they had left her mouth. All the color and the fight drained from her mother’s face. Her arms uncrossed to rest helplessly at her sides, and suddenly Kate remembered that there were, indeed, chinks in her mother’s armor. Her mother moved and sat down next to her on her bed.
“…what?” Tony waved him off, getting up and pouring himself a cup of coffee.
Chapters 59-60: Thursday, November 24, 2016
“…Tony?”
declare her dead instead of taking prideful credit for the shot,” Mom scolded him. Francis just scowled more but said nothing.
“It doesn’t matter. And anyway I have about a million and six things that I need to discuss with you—” Pepper said, launching into that very discussion. Natasha, who was assigned to the dayshift, took the elevator down. Steve waited politely next to the elevator, hands clasped behind his back. Neither Pepper nor Senator Stark paid him any mind, which was how Steve was used to things being. It was more comfortable that way. But about an hour later, Senator Stark looked over and stopped talking.
“MCU sure is easier to say than 199999,” Francis said, looking grouchy. They had, of course, all heard the insult over the comms. Mom and Dad re-entered the practice space. Francis scowled as they approached. “You know, I wouldn’t have
“Stupid stunts—isn’t that
“Sure thing, gorgeous,” Tony said. She held up her hand, letting the Iron Man armor come up over the skin of her arm. She did so
being party to using a 22-year-old kid’s clearly very deep grief about his step-mom against him and dragging him back here,” Tony said firmly. Steve shifted his weight uncomfortably from one foot to the other.
“You might forget I’m not a mind reader,” he said, “but think, for a moment, how, out of context, that might have sounded.” It took Tony a moment, but after a second, it finally dawned on him and he grinned.
to understand. But now more than ever she felt it in her bones. Her family was out on that field. Peter and James and her father—the only bits of her family
“Ready…” his mother’s voice sounded over the PA system. “Set…” Peter felt his heart in his throat as he stood across from Alt Natasha. This was, really, his first fight
“…Cap,” Tony replied reluctantly. Steve said nothing.
” the agent said.
“Not really,” Steve said, sparing the man. What could he say about it, anyway? What was there to talk about? Bucky was his best friend. Bucky was his lover, his partner. Bucky was always laughing, always cracking jokes. Even out on the front, Bucky just laughed. Bucky was under his command. Bucky was dead.
outside, actually take a stroll and look at the plants, so that was exactly what Steve intended to do.
“I don’t
“And to you too, pumpkin,” James replied, rolling his eyes. He and Kate fought over shotgun for a minute before Francis made the executive decision that Kate could have it.
“Sure,” she said, stepping just to the side of the clear boxes of spiders. Peter brought the camera up to his eyes and looked through the view finder. He snapped a few shots.
“Steve! STEVE!” Tony cried out. She was halfway out of her armor, trying to get up. She started running towards the scene, dressed in nothing but her gold undersuit, still trying to shed her metal boots. Steve was overwhelmed. Others had joined 525 Steve and Natasha, and he was getting buried, beaten to a pulp. Tony’s heart raced in panic. She was weaponless, resourceless, and feet away from a giant fire fight. That was, until her armor started to come to life again, her boots firing up and dragging her into the sky. Disoriented and in terrible pain, Tony didn’t even have the wits about her to scream. She could see, through the spinning and spiraling upwards, another suit. It was 525 Tony, and he was playing puppet master with her armor. Whatever it was that let him control his armor, it was letting him control hers.
. Very stupid. Not an ounce of experience between them and Rogers, the only one who might have a sensible head on his shoulders, is a
equally skilled, given Peter’s lack of training and established handicaps for the game. He doubted he would be able to take her out on his own—which was where the basic training he’d had just from listening to talk at the dinner table for sixteen years came in handy.
It was three in the morning when she emerged from the workshop. She wasn’t tired, she just wanted a shower. She took one, and then, clad in a robe and her favorite silky nightgown (though not her sexiest one), she headed to the kitchen for a cup of coffee. She took a seat at the table there and propped her Stark tablet on the table, looking up the effects of scopolamine. It was a hallucinogen, which frightened Tony. She’d taken plenty of those in her life, and it hadn’t always been a pleasant experience. Not only that, but they were
, for five minutes, staring at the naked circuitry of some gadget or other.
“I think she wanted to know what we knew about them. She dropped into the control room after throwing tear gas through
“—And James called earlier. He’s taking furlough for Christmas, he’ll be staying with us at home for a few weeks,” Antonella spoke to her husband as MCU entered the room.
“Right,” Tony said presently. “Right—it will be good to get… back to normal.” Tony’s tone was flippant and casual, and he carefully looked anywhere that wasn’t Steve. Steve didn’t know how he wasn’t picking up on this before (or how hard he was subconsciously ignoring this kind of thing before).
, too, but you sent them back,” Tony said, almost sounding like he was complaining.
Ok. Fine. That was probably a little extreme. She was getting hyperbolic. She took a deep breath and threw the last stick in the trash with the others. She would take it out before Steve got home. She didn’t know how to tell him, or
? I don’t understand it.” She shook her head. “There’s just so much—there’s so much I don’t understand.”
bringing me food?” she asked. Steve couldn’t miss her heavy emphasis. He knew he must look like a tomato by now.
“I’ll be at the Triskelion, if anybody needs me,” he finished, picking up the duffel and opening the front door. He turned to go, but then looked over his shoulder. He looked like he wanted to say something more, but then he turned back around and left, shutting the door behind him. Tony could only stare blankly at the oak. She walked up to the door, putting her hands on it. She thought about swinging open the door and running outside, begging him not to go—but she would never do that. It wouldn’t do any good, anyway. She’d finally done it. She’d finally gone and done it. She’d done exactly what she’d always expected herself to do, done exactly what she’d been afraid of every time she refused his proposal. She’d finally driven him away. She flipped around and leaned on the door, closing her eyes. She was barely conscious of her body sliding down it, she only knew her legs would no longer support her.
be a branch of HYDRA. We’re exploring that possibility, but so far our spies with the organization are coming up dry on info. We’ll pursue Fury, but in the mean time we just need to keep track of and keep a handle on the leaks.”
“I sent you
“ Steve was cut off. 525 Steve kicked him across the face. His head spun.
and that teacher is a
“I probably should,” Steve agreed, and, with that, he lowered his lips to Tony’s.
Peter,” 3490 Tony insisted, shooing him out with her hand. Looking sorely disappointed, Peter ate the last bite of his pancake and then left the table, heading off after Kate.
“Ok. Yeah. Point taken. Uh, thanks,” he said.
to do that, of course, but, something unpleasant stirred in her stomach at the thought. It was one thing, lying to her parents about her grades. It was another thing entirely to actually change her grades to something she didn’t earn. There was a knock on her door and Kate felt her whole body tense.
“I’ll let everyone here fawn over me a little bit longer,” Tony said with the kind of grin only Tony could give, and Steve’s heart soared. “And then we can go to the la—the gym.”
“It’s why I moved here permanently from Malibu. This view. When you look out, it’s like you’re flying, don’t you think?” Steve looked out over the skyline. Tiny people dotted the sidewalks, and little pinpricks of lights from streetlamps and cell phones were so far away they were almost like stars set against the inky black of the pavement.
“I’m so sorry I kept you guys up. I’m insensitive. I’m irresponsible. I’m
But James knew there were other things to be done. His father might be wandering around in a daze, but James couldn’t afford to do that now. He had to find Peter, to find Kate, to get the hell out of dodge because the scene was too hot. He stood up and broke into a run. He spotted the MCU Avengers and headed in their direction—they must have some clue as to what the plan was, what the strategy was—what James wouldn’t do for an earpiece right now.
“Well, that wasn’t exactly what I expected,” Tony said, breaking the silence. “When Tony told us we’d be fighting the kids I kind of expected them to break out the Nerf guns. Now I’m just worried what these little monsters could do with foam bullets. Probably take out a few eyes at least.” Steve had to chuckle at that.
Nothing more was said of it until dinner. It seemed odd that Peter should miss dinner. In all the time that they had been there, Tony and the other ‘Alts’ as they called them had never seen a dinner without one of the Rogers children (save James, who Tony didn’t count). It was a weird sensation, eating without Peter, though neither Antonella nor 3490 Steve seemed particularly disturbed—dinner, it would seem, was not as mandatory as Tony had thought.
The first thing that anyone would notice was how worn they all were. Steve wondered if any of them had stopped fighting and taken any rest in 48 hours. Plenty of them were still covered in blood and dirt and gunk that had no name, or had a name but which was better left unsaid. Clint and Bobbie rushed to their kids, hugging and kissing them, glad they were safe and reunited. The other Avengers parents plus Susan and Reed did the same. James, Kate, and Peter had seemingly unconsciously gathered together in a group, all looking up with hope, with dread, at their father as they stood in a half-circle in front of him. It was horrifying for Steve to see such a broken version of himself. 3490 Steve just hung his head and shook it.
Tony probably should have been paying more attention as Other Steve launched into his speech, but all she could think about were her husband’s hands resting lightly on her stomach.
“I had a rough six weeks,” Kate muttered. “Not being
“Because no one else can do this job,” her father said firmly, but gently. He put a hand on her shoulder, but Kate wrenched away. She was aware that the kitchen had cleared out of everyone but Clint, Peter, Francis and James, and that they were all focused on her outburst, but she didn’t care. She’d throw a fit like a toddler if she had to. She wasn’t keeping her mouth shut about any of this anymore.
“Your classmate,” Kate answered flatly. She walked to her duffel bag and picked it up off the floor, never taking her eyes off the other girl.
“You want to play confidante? All right I’ll play, Cap. I’m here because children
“Yeah,” he said, though it was barely audible. He followed the creature with his head and eyes for a moment as his parents (and, let’s be honest, everyone else in the room) watched him, baffled.
“You’re lucky,” Steve said. “Just a big bump.”
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” her father said, and turned back to his painting as she left. Kate spared a few more glances for the work of art, but as she walked further and further back, the unfinished stage looked more and more like an impossible pedestal, and Kate didn’t know for how much longer she could tip-toe across the top of it.
twenty-six, and I don’t
so don’t fucking
“It’s not our gang, Bruce,” Tony told him as she walked over to meet him. She nodded in the direction of his own double. Bruce blinked. Other Bruce stared.
“What use would I be as a super soldier if I wasn’t, Kate?” James asked softly. Kate felt a fury rising up and building inside her.
Tony Stark
“Right, there’s your answer. Go do your homework,” Steve insisted. Peter put down the controller and got up off the couch.
“Oh, yes, yes I do,” Natasha replied. Steve marched towards the door, opened it up and headed into the basement. It was an unadorned room, made entirely of concrete. There was a treadmill and a weight bench and a few other things—a couple of yoga mats, some individual weights, a punching bag—but not much. Significantly, there was a distinct lack of James. He turned right back around and headed up the stairs, the Avengers of his own universe watching him carefully. Some of the kids were watching him intently, too.
“Maybe. Maybe I do too,” Tony said, the bourbon heavy on his breath. Were they talking about their first names, or were they talking about something else all together? Steve didn’t know—he wasn’t good with double entendre. Fondue had pretty much cemented that for him. But what he did know was that Tony was close,
“Pity,” Antonella said mournfully. “You know what else is a pity?” Antonella turned to stare directly at the MCU Avengers. “That these idiots have so much potential but can’t even take down a platoon of
“CAPTAIN!” Thor thundered, and it took Tony a moment to realize he didn’t mean Steve. Free from having to hide behind a shield, Captain Marvel shot into the air, and only as Tony looked up did he realize why—the two were headed straight towards a plane flying overhead that looked like it was having a rather lot of trouble staying in the air.
“And you’re twenty-two. Six years isn’t much.”
They were very friendly, each and every one of them. They didn’t seem all that different from her own universe’s version of them. The group consisted of Tony, Steve, Thor, Jan, Natasha, and Clint. Their Tony and Steve, to Tony’s delight, were together, for the first time in any encounters Tony had had with other universes. The first week was entirely uneventful, and the Avengers of Earth-525 were integrating exceedingly well with those of 3490. Both Steves got on like a house on fire, and spent plenty of time swapping war stories and trading tactical ideas. 525 Clint was a fantastic prankster and driving 3490 Clint nuts as he tried (and failed) to get back at him. Both Thors spent their time in much the same way the Steves did, regaling one another with stories of their triumphs. The Jans got along fairly well, too, even if 3490 Jan wasn’t always around at the mansion. The 525 Avengers played with Francis, James, Azari, and Torrun, challenging them to epic nerf gun battles that sometimes spanned across days. 525 Natasha and 3490 Natasha were the only ones who didn’t seem to get along.
to the younger kids (and secretly captivated adults) before they were sent to bed for the evening. Aside from that sacred tradition, she knew he would be there for Kate and Peter. They would never forgive him if he wasn’t, and Tony still believed that neither would he.
“I’m a Stark. She’s a Stark. We think alike,” he said.
“Something is very wrong.”
“You’re
. NYMA had very strict rules and regulations, as should be expected from a military school. Still, his dad was his dad, so James got to attend Avengers Academy every Saturday all through high school, where he sat in class with Francis, Azari, Torrun and others. He’d spent several weekends there during college as well, but that had been more recreational, checking in on the gang. But as he got busy with graduation, and then with the military itself, he hadn’t had a chance to drop by. He hadn’t seen Torrun or Azari in months, and they sat to his left, Torrun insistently taking the space right next to him. She and a couple of others helped him and Ben with filling the younger kids’ plates. Finally, after what felt like dozens of plates had gone by (there couldn’t have been dozens, there were only twenty of them at the table in the first place, but James was a bit prone to hyperbole), the last plate was filled. Of course, no one had touched their meal yet. James looked at Ben, the oldest at the table, but his face went a bit red.
“Thanks,” James said flatly, “but I didn’t ask for your advice. I just want to know if there are private rooms here.” Lizzie shrugged.
“Still alive,” Peter said. His voice sounded strained. So, still alive—but that was the best light in which he could put it. “Almost there…”
.” Peter grinned. Yeah. All right. This he could do.
“Yeah you’re right, we’ve got to get down there. I’ll carry you,” Peter said.
back in California—she checks in every couple of
“I stopped you once,” he said. “Couldn’t resist a second round.”
“Yes,” James said. “I have a—uh—announcement to make.” He took a deep breath, which made Steve’s stomach flip. James was nervous about whatever news it was—that couldn’t be good. “I’ve got my orders. I’m shipping out three months from Friday.”
“Not sure ‘weird as fuck’ even covers it,” Kate said.
,” Tony replied. Steve resisted the urge to laugh uproariously.
. At least, his first fight where he actually stood a chance. “Go.” Better not screw it up.
“Rhodey’s fine, he was nowhere near it—do you know what kind of bomb it was, Steve? It was a
“How in the hell did you know I’d come down here?” Tony asked. 3490 Steve raised an eyebrow.
“I think Reed Richards will help,” MCU Maria Hill answered.
“Then assist will be sent; I don’t want doombots running all over the city, we need to keep them contained or they’re going to be a much bigger problem for everyone. 3490 out.” The crackly static that indicated 3490 comms had merged with theirs cut off suddenly.
“Sure, Rogers,” Tony replied, and Steve felt a tiny pang at the use of his last name, not his first. “We’re good.”
the Director,” Tony said coolly. “But yes, actually. He knows. He doesn’t exactly approve but he didn’t raise any serious objections, either. After the last alternate avengers team he knows it’s a prudent move.”
“A year, says Tony,” Steve answered. James whistled.
“Billy?” James asked.
Tony was angry with Steve, for some of the things that he’d said. But for the most part, she just wished he’d speak to her.
“Captain Rogers,” Tony called to Other Steve. He looked up from the dishes, as did most of the Other Avengers. Her own Steve was already gone from the kitchen, grabbing his suit and his shield. “We’ve got to take care of a squid in Tokyo. Please let my children know where we’ve gone. We should be back sometime tomorrow.” Other Steve just nodded. As she left, she heard Other Clint say,
. The skyline from this point was amazing, and one entire wall was made of glass. He gravitated towards it unconsciously.
That was a mistake.
“Oh,” Tony said. He shut up, and Steve decided only to draw when Tony couldn’t see him do it.
floor. Time to go and find that racecar bed...
Janet Van Dyne Pym
“I owe you twenty bucks,” he said. Natasha just cracked up with laughter.
,” Steve said cautiously. The kid, angry as he clearly was, had seemed on the verge of a breakdown, if that wasn’t one in and of itself.
“From. Who,” 3490 Steve asked.
“I’ll see if Peter agrees with that,” Commander Rogers said. “Now the only
,” Steve said. He understood Tony’s desire not to alert the AI to the fact that they were discussing him. Steve wondered how much he could hear even if Natasha
close, too in her space—but personal bubbles had never applied where she and Francis were concerned. “I think we—we got our wires crossed, you know?” Kate felt her whole being recoil from the words.
“Nat?” Steve asked.
They went back to the mansion. The Alts were happy that Kate was all right. They’d all become rather invested in them, and Tony would be lying if she said the reverse wasn’t true—she’d grown quite attached to 199999. None of them treated Kate rudely over the matter, none of them even mentioned it directly, except to express their thankfulness that she was unharmed. The first day, Kate had rested. The second, she wanted to go to school. They let her; it was probably better that she get out of the house than wallow in her problems, probably better that she be seen by her friends before they got suspicious about her absence. Steve and Tony still had not decided on just
“Me as well,” Steve chimed in.
. And it
“Hey, you never know.”
all prefer it if you headed home now. Your earth has been without you all for five months—it probably needs you.”
. I’m just not. She’s the better version of me, hands down, and I’m sick of living with that truth every day.”
Of course, things never worked out that way for Tony Stark. Knowing her luck, the ship would be dragged into the ocean by a Kraken before they got enough altitude.
“What?”
Staring at the gauntlet now, Kate could hardly fathom how the thing could change the universe. It appeared to be made of gold, and it was gleaming. The jewels on the knuckles were bright and beautiful and, yes, seemed to emit some kind of aura that distinguished them instantly from any normal gem… but if Kate hadn’t known what it was, she probably wouldn’t have thought it was supernatural, or magical, or any of those things. She would have assumed they were some man-made type of gemstone designed to play tricks with the light. After all, it was just a
Out of the blue, the suit was blasted out of the sky. Tony couldn’t tell
. Just
Steve could still see her, all bones and knocking on death’s door, shoving paperwork at him to make sure he and the kids were well cared for long after her seemingly inevitable demise. She designed her own coffin. She picked out the music she wanted played, paid the venue. She took care of it all so that Steve wouldn’t have to, once she was gone. And Steve let her, because he wasn’t going to do it. He wasn’t going to do it until she was well and truly gone.
“How do you know I’m
“No, look, we didn’t
“I’ll do it,” spoke a soft, easygoing voice from the back. It was Bruce, of course. In the name of science, Bruce would do anything.
“It was nice meeting you all,” Peter said from where he sat on the platform of the boxing ring, his sister beside him.
“Why are
! The fuck do you care? If you ever
“Oh, Mom, I have something for you to sign too,” Peter said as Steve crossed the finish line in the game to Clint’s despair. Peter jumped up off the couch and rummaged in his backpack, which leaned against the edge of the TV cabinet. He pulled out a slightly crinkled bit of paper and handed it to his mother. “Field trip permission form. I have to turn it in by tomorrow or they won’t let me go. I was supposed to turn it in last week but I forgot about it.”
“Did I hear my name?” Tony asked, breaking her conversation with Other Jane, which had lasted the better part of an hour.
“Their children are highly trained. They’re very efficient killers. Did none of you see James in the field?” Natasha asked with a raised eyebrow. “I don’t think they have to worry about their kids.”
It wasn’t a second too soon, either, as immediately it blew. The explosion rocked upwards and tossed Iron Man and the shield upwards, and for a moment it was like Iron Man was a surfer on a wave of blue light—but then Tony lifted his hands and shot his repulsers into the sky, pushing the vibranium shield back down and over the explosion with his feet, extinguishing the force of it with the counter effort. The shield rocked and vibrated for a moment longer and then went quiet.
And that's a wrap, folks.
“It was our best option,” Steve said. He still felt his gut clenching painfully with fear—he hadn’t liked leaving them alone, leaving them to go be
James thought briefly about bringing the little box with him. Perhaps Dad had been right, perhaps they still had a little luck left in them—after all, they’d come with him out of the ice after being frozen for forty-five years. But no—he wouldn’t want to lose them. Nor would he want to, even for a second, be mistaken for his father on the battlefield. He put the tags back in the box, shut the lid and did up the latch. He returned it to its place on the shelf. He opened the drawer in his desk and took out the zip drive that had been his real purpose for coming upstairs, pocketed it, and headed back down towards the lab.
inside.”
“SHIELD, obviously. The Avengers. Our vast and unending network. Mostly
“Is this new SHIELD tech?” Other Tony asked Other Nick Fury, who merely scowled at him, though Director Stark figured that was the permanent setting of Nick Fury’s face in
“That I did. We put that desk up and gave him all sorts of science books and gadgets and made it his space and then he didn’t
a big deal. If we were both older six years is nothing, but right now it’s—it’s huge. And I just want to do all this right, Kate. Because I love you. I just—well, I didn’t think we’d be exclusive until you turned eighteen. I figured you’d date high school boys, and I’d date college girls, and we’d—we’d come back around to it. When you turn eighteen, or nineteen, or twenty. If you still felt the same way after you’d lived a little more life and—we should have talked about it. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I hurt you, Kate.”
“Yeah, no, I don’t have any,” he said. “But it’s just a bruise.”
“I don’t understand,” Steve said with a frown.
“Are you—Tony are you ok?”
, Captain, and I think it’s the safest option to
“So should I?” Tony gestured to the door. Steve just stared blankly at a wall next to Tony. “Uh—right. Ok. I’m—I’m sorry for your loss. Losses? I—sorry.” Tony snuck out of the room quickly and closed the door behind him. He heard a muffled cry behind him and stiffened, but he kept walking down the hall, guilt clawing at his insides. He’d had a right to know. And he clearly didn’t want Tony sticking around. So Tony was going to do the only thing Tony
“Hello?” she greeted the mystery caller.
He did, however, have questions for him the next night. Steve was, for once, sipping coffee on the job. He was gratefully that Stark would not be able to see his eyes through his sunglasses—he knew from the mirror earlier that they were red with bags underneath. He hadn’t slept hardly any last night. Well, last morning. Too many nightmares, all about Bucky. Always about Bucky.
,” Tony said sharply.
Steve’s guess was unfortunately wrong, and he ran smack into the irate teen as they both rounded the corner.
“You’re just jealous that I always beat you,” Tony pointed out. Clint grumbled but said no more. “Everyone down for the game? It’s team bonding guys. If 199999 is going to be here for another several months, well, it’s time to start pooling our resources. And for that to happen, we’ll need to work together. Hence—”
“Kid’s right, Steve,” MCU Tony said heavily. “Antonella’s armors were better than mine, but I got a few up close looks and—they still have their limits. They aren’t magic or Asgardian.” Peter zoned out from whatever else they had to say.
,” Kate pleaded. “You’re still tired. Stay. Recharge.”
“Lay off! Mom is
wouldn’t want to be celebrating. So she did what she knew I would prefer, what the kids would prefer. Something more traditional. A full Catholic mass—I couldn’t get her to sit through a whole one alive, I can only imagine if she’s out there watching somewhere she tuned out the first half.
not dead, and last I recalled she’s got a couple of brats who can work her shit just fine,” the bald man spoke. “Get up high and stay out of sight, Johnson. If they didn’t come back out that means they’ve got at least one other entrance and exit—we’ve seen Barton and Danvers since yesterday.”
“I wouldn’t go that far, but it’s news. And
He didn’t know if he wanted to open it and take what he knew was inside. He had put it in a box for a reason, shoved it in a corner for a reason. But now he would be headed off to war. Maybe it was time to put some of the past behind him, to confront it and to move on. He took a breath and opened the box. He reached inside and pulled out the metal chain. The dog tags on the end clinked together.
“So, somebody from
he was stable) they had transferred him to the triskelion hospital where the others had joined him. They couldn’t stay there for long, but at the moment Steve was ignoring the danger the MCU universe was in. Natasha could handle the administrative details while Steve handled his family.
us?” Steve shot back. “They kept us in their home. They fed us, they clothed us, they let us help their team. They’re
“We’re not helpless,” Steve disagreed.
“That wasn’t what I asked,” Natasha said softly.
“Because I know why they redacted the file on 525,” Coulson said. Natasha knew him well enough to know that he was unnerved behind his impassive mask. Natasha felt dread building in her—it was the worst. She knew it. It was everything they’d feared.
“TOP OF MY HEAD,” Kate shouted back at him over the roar of the wind and the engine.
Kate was busy sorting through various arrows; she sat on the floor, inspecting each one of the array laid out before her, occasionally drawing them close to her eyes for inspection and either putting them in a quiver or tossing them in what was a clear ‘rejects’ pile. Francis was a little ways away from her doing the same thing. Peter imagined that Clint—maybe both Clints—was off doing the exact same thing somewhere else.
The thing of it was, James didn’t need to ask. He already knew the answer. He had always known the answer.
“I… All right. Come closer,” he said. Steve leaned in so close Tony could feel Steve’s breath on his neck, and the closeness gave him little goosebumps. He didn’t whisper, but he said in a low enough voice that no one around them would hear, “Antonella was pregnant.” Steve leaned away. He looked shocked, and then grieved, and then determined once again.
“Tony,
“What?” Steve asked. “I haven’t—no one mentioned relocation.”
“You can’t fault yourself for making effective weaponry, Tony,” Steve said.
“Fine,” 525 Steve said. He turned back to Steve, his eyes as cold as ever. “You want to know why? It’s because Avengers are a
as he remembered it. A misplaced storage facility for artillery gave up the game—Natasha and he had entered, discovered that SHIELD had once used the bunker as base of operations to Steve’s shock, and found a secret elevator at the back that led down to a room filled with desks, early computers (some desks had only typewriters), and filing cabinets. It was an old office, a hub for SHIELD—and there was Fury at the front of the room, swiveling around dramatically to meet them.
as Bruce had the results from his tests that proved that Peter was in perfect health and was (likely) going to stay that way that Peter would tell his parents. Bruce had gotten the results back that morning, and Tony had confronted him with a raised eyebrow and folded arms that afternoon when he got back from school. His parents had returned home in time for dinner—Peter didn’t tell them before, or during, and after dinner Tony gave him that
problem, it’s that—you’re only sixteen Kate. I know you don’t think it’s a big deal,
to say is that if he’d followed orders and stayed in the sky, taking the high ground, we could have picked those doombots off as they tried to rise up in the sky and our two guys never would have gotten overwhelmed in the first place,” Steve said. Oh, yeah. He was pissed. “But Tony doesn’t ever follow orders.”
“Well, that’s understandable,” Steve said agreeably. “The sex change must be odd.”
In the mean time, they discussed their plans in very low voices, well aware of Happy in the front seat, even if he was cut off from them. Natasha’s mission the previous morning had been somewhat successful. She had managed to obtain files on them but had been caught in the act.
.” She grinned then, a tiny, tentative thing. “I definitely wouldn’t say no to donuts, though.”
across the screen. Steve’s own heart nearly stopped—there in the heart of Manhattan were the Chitauri, wreaking havoc unchecked. Steve ran to the hallway—3490 Tony and Steve were already running out the door.
about Tudo. Kate might have super strength, but what exactly could
“Maybe they do—but SHIELD takes care of that, right? The Avengers and other teams only handle the things that they can’t,” Steve said.
“They would have destroyed the world, right?” Peter asked in a small voice. Their father shrugged and shook his head.
“I shall seek out Jane, if we are done here,” he said.
no clue
Uh-oh.
, you and I.”
“You’re not going to leave until I tell you something, are you?” Peter asked, still clearly irritated. Kate crossed her arms emphatically. Peter rolled his eyes. “Fine. Look, I told the parents something important, and I thought they’d be happy for me, but now they’re acting like the world fucking caved in and—I’m just so
“Do you propose we drag him back and lock him in one of the bedrooms? Tie him up so he can’t break through with his super strength?” she asked, an eyebrow raised.
That put another lump in Kate’s throat. Not from the fear of what was to come, although she’d be an idiot if she weren’t at least a little frightened, but from the bone deep understanding of exactly what Francis meant. How many things did she wish, now, that she could tell her mother? What had her mother, Kate wondered, wanted to say to her own parents after she’d found out they and the real Jarvis had died in a car crash? Probably even more things than Kate wanted to express.
picked up and I let her know about our visitors. I sent him the universe designation to see when, exactly, the machine will be ready to send them back…and he sent me back this, and an apology,” Bruce said.
shape, really—but he was still just a twig compared to Steve. He’d be too easy to snap.
He finally made it over to the area with the couches. Peter could see Callum exclaim and hear his muffled voice.
“I thought you were sober,” Tony stated evenly.
“I’ve been fiddling with it. Brought it with me to show Uncle Bruce,” he explained. “What’s the plan?”
in the next room over and I
know how, but I’m pretty sure I’ve got it figured out now I’ve got a better look at it. Cover me!” Tony said. He landed by the shiny metal machine. Instantly two aliens were on him, but he took them out with a couple of repulsor blasts—easy. He had to concentrate now, though, so hopefully Cap would take that last request to heart.
“Leaks?” Natasha asked.
“This wasn’t you standing up and saying no, this was you taking the opportunity to show off and be an ass right back,” Dad said. His tone hadn’t changed. There was still all that anger burning just beneath the surface—he was
“Mitochondrial DNA,” Tony replied. She slipped the needle expertly into a vein and drew back the plunger. The syringe filled with dark red blood. “The results will be specific to your universe. Also one particular enzyme in the blood—that should be specific to your space-time as well. We’ll pin point which universe you should be from in our classification system, and once we’ve done that we can start the process towards getting you home.”
. Tony couldn’t imagine having one, and yet, there he was, proof that in another universe Tony Stark had a family and, judging by their brief interaction, it was a perfectly functional relationship. Tony found himself wondering about this Peter child. Did he like technology? Did he hate it? What did he think of the Iron Man? Of Stark Industries? Who the hell was his
thing about him, though, was the fact that his tattoos weren’t stationary. James had no idea how, but they moved. An eagle on his shoulder flapped its wings, and a snake on his other arm writhed. He smirked at Kate.
“It’s the shield, isn’t it?” Tony asked. “We can redesign it, James. I know you don’t want to just—just carry your father’s shield forever. I get that. I just—it was just a convenient template, so—”
cutting him slack?” Tony demanded, offended.
“Is that what you broke in for?” Hill asked. “That was
“But we
“I need to take down these bastards, is what I need,” Steve said. “We need to save the universe from collapsing in on itself, and maybe we’ll have a better chance of doing that if we figure out who caused the rips in the first place.”
yes,” Kate said, standing up. Just then, Peter ran into the room, practically skidding to a stop.
“How the hell does ‘I’m going to rip out the battery’ take more than three seconds to explain? You could have told me that instead of flying off dramatically—“
“But you can’t share your personal lives with anyone?” Pepper asked.
“Thanks for—thanks for having my back out there,” Tony spoke. He looked almost embarrassed. Steve shrugged.
“What, so the world can’t hear? So our team can’t hear or so the Alts can’t hear? Because I can guarantee they’ve been exposed to worse, we’ve already aired all our dirty laundry, what’s one more thing?” 3490 Steve said, and this time he seemed angry about something Tony didn’t personally understand.
Then, it turns out, he has to work with Howard’s son who, in Steve’s initial observation, essentially typified the ‘rich brat’ persona and was nothing of the self-made man Howard had been. And it was incredibly odd to know that the man, older than him, was Howard’s son. He still had trouble wrapping his mind around it. And yet, he had to put away these musings, because the reality of the situation was in front of him. Tony was Howard’s son, but he was by no means a child. He might have started on third base, but Tony’d hit three home runs on his own since. There was a ghost of history of the could have been still haunting Steve, and Tony was weirdly still slotted into that picture—he just had to learn to blot it out, to blot it all out. He was having difficulty coping.
Ben Grimm
“Good—Widow will be two seconds behind me,” Peter said, leaping out of the way of another onslaught from the super spy.
“Why did Mom go back inside the building?” Kate’s voice popped up behind Steve. He turned to look at her.
,” Tony disagreed. “It’s more…if I can look at her like a sister, I don’t have to admit she’s a more perfect version of me.”
Tony was not certain whether or not that was what she was actually going to do once she finally got to give him a piece of her mind. She felt quite indecisive on what, precisely, she wished to speak with Steve about. She only knew that they
Peter didn’t say anything for a while, and Kate was content to just lie there and try not to think about all the classes she was neglecting. Her mother might have banned her from going out, but she hadn’t banned her from the internet or breathed down her neck while she finished homework. And after a long day at school and longer days ahead with no friends to hang out with, the last thing she ever wanted to do was more work. So she often spent her afternoons reading, or chatting on Facebook, or practicing her cello or devouring a television series on Netflix. She currently had thing for Apocalypse shows. All of that never left much time at the end of the night for school work, and frankly she never wanted to do it anyway, so half the time she just didn’t.
“Long story short they tried to kill us first. They made it very personal. They were a danger not just to this universe, but to all universes. We did not believe there was any prison that would hold them—thus, execution was the only option left,” 3490 Steve said. “That’s the abridged version, and that’s all you’re getting. James, go to bed. You need the sleep.” James arms slowly unfolded. With a last, lingering look at his father, he turned the corner into the hall to the bedrooms.
“And yet you still came,” Tony said. She wasn’t sure what to make of that.
Carol Danvers
Tony said, sighing in exasperation as Pepper just glared at an oblivious Clint.
Why have you always cared more about strangers than us?” Kate knew that wasn’t fair the moment she said it. She didn’t take it back. She had tears streaking down her cheeks. Her father looked defeated, but he’d looked defeated before they’d ever begun.
The table returned to silence once more.
“THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE GRABBED SOMEONE AND GONE STRAIGHT BACK,” MCU Tony retorted. Peter moved away from the living room where they were duking it out—were he home, were they his family, he knew how the argument would end, with his mom and dad making out and everyone in the vicinity getting grossed out. These two? Well, they weren’t any different really. Nobody was blind to what was happening between the two of them—their awkward dancing around each other was ridiculously obvious.
“No,” she said. 3490 Steve’s eyes moved to Phil.
“My hand?” he asked suspiciously.
“You all must be happy to get home now—did you stay for me? For the funeral? I’m glad we grew on you all. Like mold,” Tony said with a laugh.
“This meatloaf,” Peter said, aloud rather than to himself, looking beatific and thrilled to be eating, “beats
“Did I hear someone say spaghetti and meatballs?” Kate asked. She walked into the kitchen, Francis Barton at her side. Peter lagged behind them. He looked
It wasn’t long before the static returned, and Captain Marvel and Falcon announced their arrival. Now that the aerial battle was evened out, some of the doombots were backed down to the ground, and the other Avengers returned to the fight. Fifteen minutes later, all of the doombots left made a concerted effort to retreat, fleeing in wild patterns. It didn’t take much longer until the Commander returned over the comms
Unfortunately, Steve’s job required that he keep an eye on the billionaire genius playboy senator at all times, so Steve uncomfortably stood outside the door as the senator, uh, finished what he started. Steve’s cheeks and ears grew increasingly red at the sounds coming out of the coat closet. Eventually the two (now, thankfully clothed) men emerged from the closet. The blonde at least had the decency to blush, but Stark just winked suggestively. Steve did his best not to turn any more red, but he was not particularly successful.
“We’re calling a meeting!” Kate replied as she revved the engine. “Avengers Academy is back in session.”
,” she said. “You would—if you ever found kids even egging your house, you’d invite them in for apple pie and gently show them the error of their ways. They’d be so shamed they’d turn their whole lives around and cite you in their biographies as the one person who had changed their life forever and that was why they grew up to cure cancer.” Tony couldn’t stop laughing and eventually Steve joined in.
“STOP THAT ROGERS!” Clint shouted. Steve just let out an evil laugh. “How in the hell did you get
MCU Captain America was fending off multiple assailants with a car door he’d ripped off its hinges. James ran to help. He grabbed a man from behind by the head and snapped his neck. The man fell to the ground, dead. Considering how the battle was going, James was pretty certain he wasn’t the first man he’d killed. James took out another one in nearly the same manner, and by that time he and MCU Steve had defeated his attackers.
“Yeah, yeah, good plan, ok—Cap, where’s Cap?” Tony asked, but before anyone answered he spied him in the thickest crowd of Hydra agents, pummeling about twenty of them at once, somehow, which as far as Tony understood was really Steve’s M.O. He dove down and landed next to him, doing his part to take down like three whole guys before enough of them were unconscious that Tony could lift his face plate. They had discussed this before the battle—who would bear the gauntlet and set the universe back to rights. 3490 Steve had once wielded it—though he’d been a little tight-lipped about the experience—and everyone, 3490 and ‘MCU’ alike—agreed that 199999 Steve should do the honors this time around.
“They would have destroyed the Avengers. If they had done that, no doubt earth’s enemies would have gotten wind of it and yes, in time, earth would have been destroyed or enslaved or… I don’t know. People would have died,” he said.
more people with powers, people trained to respond to
“Tony and I were thinking there’s only one way out of this,” Steve said. “We’ve got to work on a portal home.”
“Francis…” Kate trailed off. She didn’t know what to say. Should she apologize? Was she even in the wrong here? Or had he been playing her? It was too awkward. She scowled and shot down an approaching soldier. Better to think about the fight. If she didn’t think about the fight, she could get herself killed.
“Oh. Uh. Well,” Steve said, not having anything else to say. Tony eyed him for a moment, then took a cautious bite. It only took her a moment to nod.
universe,” the Commander said. “We have to admit—we’re a little baffled.”
thing. So, what, you’d rather stay in New York? I guess that makes sense. You grew up here, didn’t you? But there’s nothing
“He said the same. And he—he told me to tell you—I don’t know if I should because he
“Nooo,” Peter replied. “But it’ll get done—sonofabitch! You passed me! How the hell did you pass me? You were like three miles behind me!”
Steve had been practicing with them too, though he had a bit of a sullen look on his face. Tony’s stomach twisted whenever he thought about it—he wasn’t sure if that sullen look was because Steve knew he wasn’t going to be
“Hey, Pete,” Steve said softly, extending an arm for Peter. Peter went to him willingly, pulling up a chair and snuggling into his dad’s shoulder.
“I’m not Natasha.”
“You going to make a different call? Cool, yeah, leave me here vulnerable and kill your best shot of taking apart this machine,” Tony said sarcastically. “Now get over here for a second, I need your—oh.” Tony would have to wait a moment for the Captain’s assistant. He was a bit busy smashing a hoard of six or seven green troll-alien things with his shield.
“Uh. Nope. This one’s mine. Yours is across the hall,” he supplied helpfully. Tony blinked slowly. He was obviously already quite drunk.
child of hers who had the chance for a perfectly normal life, the one who could get away and reap the benefits of the safe world she and Steve had built, now had superpowers and was
“I have to admit I’m curious,” Other Tony said. ‘Curious’ was probably an understatement, given with how much desire he looked at her. It was a
“Dad!” James exclaimed in surprise. Steve chuckled, a bit pleased that he’d shocked him out of his ‘yes sir’ ‘no sir’ answers.
,” James said more slowly. “It means…not practicing what you preach.”
,” Steve said as they entered the conference room. Everyone was already there, which didn’t surprise Steve. Clint and Natasha were always quick with showers and changing and never took long to eat, either. Bruce was
around violence,” James said dryly. “Never really took you for a pacifist.”
sticking,” Alt Clint groaned. Mom just smirked in response.
Kate seemed to have other ideas.
“Lifers? Commuters?” Peter asked, bewildered.
Most of the younger avengers were hanging out together in the kitchen—except for James, who was likely passed out on his bed somewhere. The team had begun to take on problems in shifts, since they were coming at them rapidly. They had been working tirelessly for two weeks, with no word from the 3490 avengers. They needed extra people, but where were they going to get them from? The 50 State Initiative was already stretched thin. New York City, the epicenter of the problem, seemed to be getting hit the worst, but there were leaks happening all over the United States—and all over the world. There weren’t enough heroes to cover it all. James, however, having been put in command by his father, had refused to take any shifts at all, instead choosing to go out with every call. He had managed to get
“That’s not a bet that’s a certainty,” Kate yelled back. There were few soldiers now, but they did have to dodge a triceratops running away from the T-Rex.
of us if she finds out you’re skiving your punishment and I covered for you,” Peter pointed out.
A sharp pain drove Steve back into his body even though his head still swam. He must have cried out because suddenly the Senator was looking at him with a wide-eyed panic he’d only ever seen on his boys as they stood over a doomed compatriot on the field…was he dying? Was this what dying felt like? It was painful.
It hummed and vibrated, shaking with some force—and then it stopped and, like an oil painting slowly spreading across the canvas of the air, another scene built in the circle that was the portal. It was a gym, too, but not an empty one. Tony could see people out there. People that could clearly also see them as he watched some guy on a treadmill slow to a stop and promptly get thrown off it as he stared.
“Feels like every day’s pretty dramatic around here,” Steve said with a slight frown fixed to his face.
universe.”
“You have to watch it,” Tony said stubbornly.
Stark went on about how he was so glad everyone could turn up for the night, making jokes about particular people in the audience, about himself, about all of them collectively…Steve wasn’t really paying much attention. He was watching the crowd, mostly looking for Natasha. Several times he thought he had found her, but it turned out to be another red head, who was moving through the crowd. Finally he spotted Natasha near the back. She was talking to a reporter Steve knew well from her dogged attempts to rattle the Senator (who was completely unshakeable). Steve hated reporters. Realistically, he knew they were just people doing their jobs, so Steve did his best to hate their occupation and not the people, but he didn’t always succeed, and the reporter Natasha was dealing with was one of the few he personally disliked. He’d scared away more than one reporter with a frightening look in his time with Senator Stark. Stark never seemed to mind.
drew back, but Natasha caught it, holding him still and bringing him to his senses through the rage. Fury’s expression sobered a bit. “I don’t mean to make light of your grief, Commander. But I meant what I said. I won’t believe Tony Stark is dead until you find a body which, I hear, you haven’t.”
right,” Peter said, brows furrowed. “How can you—how can we—how is this just allowed to keep going?”
—to realize that there were two thugs with guns staring straight at him. Well, Peter said thugs. One was a girl James’ age, her sidearm still dangling at her side. The other guy definitely came closer to fitting the definition of thug, with his arms bulging out from his black t-shirt, a bald head, and a vein pulsing in his forehead. Peter did the first thing that came to mind. He chatted.
“But…that’s…”
“He had a right to know. I’m sure he’s grateful to you,” Steve said firmly. In truth, he had no idea. He was sure that
. Logically, it shouldn’t have been able to do much of anything. But practically, it could do anything and everything. The power of existence, rather literally in the palm of one’s hand.
“Yeah, fine, all right,” Tony grumbled reluctantly. Steve went over the the first aid bin and Tony followed behind, practically dragging his feet along the way. Steve just pulled out a flashlight, which he flashed in Tony’s face, checking the dilation of Tony’s pupils. He quickly put it back away.
“Ow, yes,” Tony said, taking his wrist back. He wouldn’t be surprised if she left a bruise for the morning—damn super strength. She rolled her eyes.
It had been relatively easy the last time. She was thirty, pregnant with her boyfriend’s child (children), and terrified out of her fucking mind. They had only been officially dating for nine months, and she’d gone and fucked it all up. He had only gotten divorced two years earlier, and he already had a kid—one he was suing for full custody of. It was a sticky enough situation without Tony throwing a wrench in the works. She’d sunk to the bathroom floor and collapsed into tears, and that was where he’d found her fifteen minutes later, still clutching the test. It hadn’t been a great way for him to find out, but it had been
“Did you tell him to seek medical attention?” he asked. Tony slid into the limo.
James did a headcount as he cataloged everyone in his brain, making sure they had everyone from the party who was a child of an Avenger. He tried to catch Kate’s eyes as she walked past, hand-in-hand with Lizzy, but Kate’s expression was vacant and her eyes were glossy. She didn’t even see him. The MCU Avengers—plus their various hangers on, except for Nick Fury—were the last to the door. James was almost tempted just to shut it in their faces and leave them behind—this was
“I’m glad to see you here, son,” Steve said warmly as they settled down to dinner. Other Tony, Clint, Natasha and Pepper were arguing at the other end of the table, which was really stretched in its capacity now. They would have to start eating in the dining hall. He didn’t know what they were arguing about, though it sounded vaguely like car racing. His Tony was having a discussion with Other Jane and Thor about the multiverse. Kate was surreptitiously—or so she thought—playing Candy Crush on her phone between bites of chicken, and Peter sat next to James, sullen. Steve wasn’t going to bring it up; he already knew why Peter was unhappy, and it wasn’t something Steve could fix. He’d tried and failed too many times before. “How have you been?”
“I’m pretty sure I stick to anything,” Peter said. “I could stick to the walls of the shower even when they were wet.” Alt Tony abruptly grabbed Peter’s wrist, examining his hand.
“Uh, well, it’s chickpea salad. Like chicken salad but with chickpeas instead,” Steve said, looking at the neat little wrap. 3490 Tony just continued to stare at him, so he kept talking. “Uh, it’s chickpea, celery, spring onion, mayo—”
It was never going to work out with Pepper. In the end, they just weren’t suited for each other. Pepper didn’t like his new job—it was too stressful for her. Tony didn’t want further commitment, at least not in the way Pepper wanted it. He didn’t want marriage or the white picket fence, the kids or the dog. He didn’t want anything his double had in this universe.
?” Tony asked, though Steve guessed he was more asking the air than Steve. “Why don’t slightly confused tourists ever drop through?”
“Barton,” he said, surprised. “What are you doing here?” Tony blinked.
slightly open.
Steve thanked the Lord that they only had two more days left in Vegas.
“What is going
Steve got his shield back and resumed pummeling the nearest agents, pushing them all back towards the breach. He was still unnerved by the fact that it hadn’t closed—and the realization he’d just had, too.
“Please,” 525 Tony said, putting his hands up, and for a moment Tony thought her double was going to beg for his life. But then he got on his knees. “Please do it.”
“What in the
her—what was up with that? Kate didn’t understand, and Francis’ flings only further confused her. She had no problem with it. They weren’t dating. But. She went over to Peter’s drawers and started searching through them.
, I know what you’re planning, and
“Right then, I’ll show you to the guest rooms. We have five, which means almost everyone will need to share. I hope that’s not a problem? If it is, we can assign you rooms at the Triskelion,” 3490 Steve explained, then waited for someone to speak up. When no one did, he waved them on. “This way, then.” The 199999 Avengers rose from the table and followed behind the Steve double. Thor and Jane took the first room. Tony claimed the second for himself—he knew from experience that it had the best view of the garden. Pepper picked the room with the best art on the walls. Steve and Bruce decided to bunk together, and Clint and Natasha did as well. Tony wasn’t entirely certain if there was anything between them, but they were certainly most comfortable with one another, and frankly Tony figured neither Steve nor Bruce would prefer to bunk with either one of them. They were super spies and probably assassins, after all. Everyone retired to their rooms, agreeing by unspoken consensus that after their insane day it was probably best to get some rest, even if that rest meant some universe-jet-lag.
are going to bed.”
“I know,” Steve said, sighing heavily. Tony smiled.
“A little,” Peter admitted. “But not completely. I mean, yeah, you were doing drugs, but Mom could have told Dad about it, and she didn’t. And
“You can’t—“ Clint started, but Natasha was silent. The Commander held up his hand.
“Dad…I don’t think…” James started, but the Commander held up a hand again.
to your children. I would
“What? No! Of course not,” he said in a rush. “I meant what I said. I just—I figured we’d both…experience other things. Other people. First. Before—you know. Because you and me, Kate? That’s…” Francis trailed off, his cheeks pinking, and finally, for Kate, the penny dropped.
“UGH!” she exclaimed as she stumbled backwards a bit. “You people are
him.”
“You’re ridiculous. We’re not in our twenties anymore.”
“How do you know?” Commander Rogers demanded.
“What do you mean,
discover those responsible for his wife’s death and bring them to justice. He was doing a remarkable job of resembling a functioning human being, a functioning commander, when his oldest son’s panicked voice shouted over the communication system that Peter was MIA.
“Yes ma’am, understood,” Steve mumbled.
“Let’s get outside so I don’t blast a hole through the roof, but yeah, we’re ready,” Tony said. He turned to Kate. “Thanks for the help.” She regarded him with her arms crossed and a guarded expression.
“What?” Steve called back. Tony rolled his eyes and turned down the music.
“I’m insulted you didn’t notice before this.”
“Hey Uncle Steve! Peter! Dinner’s ready,” Francis said, popping his head inside.
“I—I’m not drawing the flowers,” Steve said. Hopefully she would take the hint.
“AZARI, NOW!” James leapt up, grabbing a branch of a nearby tree. Azari came from seemingly out of nowhere and a blue streak of lightning hit the pond.
“Yeah, what’s up with that thing anyway?” Tony asked. “I thought point break took the big bad glowy stuff back to Asgard and locked it away?”
“Hey, you three want to have a civilized conversation at the breakfast table?” Alt Steve demanded. For a moment, Peter and his brother and sister just stared, half-startled. It was, Peter thought, the first time an Alt had interfered or in any way made their presence known during a ‘family matter’. Kate was the first to laugh, but James joined her and even Peter had difficulty choking down a snigger. Alt Steve at first looked confused, then
supposed to be the one giving
James looked so fragile like this. It was difficult to ever think of him as fragile when for most of his life he’d been more than head and shoulders taller than his brother, when even now his impressive musculature would intimidate even the bulkiest of biker dudes. Steve had wanted to teach him not to be a bully. But now he wondered if he’d bullied him in the process.
he ever did. Peter got enough of that crap at school, he had no patience for dealing with it at home, too. Peter didn’t know where his big brother had gone, but it seemed like he’d disappeared at the age of thirteen, replaced with an evil Skrull version. They’d loathed each other ever since.
“How?”
you that secret would want that person to know…would you tell them?” Steve’s hand slipped away.
and how well do you think that sits with him? And you don’t even know
“I don’t think that’s it, Tony,” Natasha said. “There’s something…wrong with them.”
James Rhodes
It took Steve halfway through her rant to realize she was yelling in Italian. At most, Tony, Steve, and Natasha understood her. More likely only Tony and Natasha did. To everyone else, it sounded like she was spouting nonsense. To everyone else, she had just randomly started attacking 199999. To everyone else, this situation looked very
“Sure you can. You’re talking now. You can do it,” Peter encouraged him.
“I don’t have time for this!” Kate snapped. “Somebody get the Commander to medical.” Kate didn’t know who would respond, if anyone, but she didn’t have time to contemplate it. He was a super soldier. So long as he didn’t get himself shot in the head while he was standing there staring at nothing, he’d survive a bout of shock. Peter was the priority. Peter was the one in real danger just then.
“I thought you’d be happy for me,” Peter said, letting the hurt bleed through.
“He’s here
“So today we have a new classmate. Plenty of you know Peter already. Peter was recently—uh, bitten by a spider and got super powers. We’re still working on figuring that one out,” Dr. Henry Pym spoke. Peter sat in a classroom with everyone else. They sat in desks. Peter sat next to Kate. Francis sat behind her and was playing with her hair. Most of the other Academy students appeared equally unengaged. All but one, that was.
“Hey, hey, sorry I’m late,” Peter said. He sounded out of breath. 3490 Tony stood up, crossing to him.
“Though, I wouldn’t recommend trying to hold too much—after all you might still be able to
“We have to wait. My going in is only going to make things worse,” Alt Steve said, but it sounded like the words pained him. “And you going in will do nothing but take everyone down there by surprise. Half of them will be distracted by telling you to leave.”
that?” MCU Pepper asked, disbelieving.
“So what’s the damage, Doctor Banner?” Tony inquired, hours later. She had watched almost the entirety of season six of
“I might not have a computer for a brain, but I’m pretty sure I can figure it out,” Tony said, watching her rather intently. Tony still had some difficulty comprehending her face. It was odd, how much of himself he could see in it, yet how feminine her face still was—it was smooth and wrinkle free despite her age (Tony suspected Extremis had a hand in that), and there was a smattering of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Her cheekbones were pronounced, her eyelashes long, and her face a pleasing oval shape. Her nose was his mother’s nose, a tiny little thing with a little ‘ski slope’ at the end, so unlike his own. Her hair had his mother’s curl but his father’s color. It was like she was a long lost sister, not a version of himself, and this was the way he viewed her, most of the time. But sometimes he couldn’t help but remember how similar they really were.
525 Steve did not have to hold a squirming boy, merely sit with James standing in front of him, facing his 3490 father. James knew better than to attempt an escape. He would never get out from under 525’s hold, and though he tried his best not to, he could feel himself trembling under the large man’s steely grip. James’ father’s face was incredibly swollen on one side. He couldn’t open his right eye. His wrists were cuffed behind his back with adamantium, and his legs were shackled just the same. 525 Natasha sat on the couch next to where he knelt on the floor, one hand gripping his hair painfully. He watched 525 Steve with a murderous expression.
“Thanks,” he said flatly, but James knew the tone probably had less to do with him than usual.
Home. Home was just a step away. And their teammates weren’t hesitating. Thor and Jane were the first ones through, followed by Maria and Pepper who were still debating the woes of bureaucracy, then Coulson and Fury who both somehow made multiverse travel look like an everyday thing. Clint and Natasha followed behind, and finally it was down to just him and Steve.
if you had a bit more hand to hand training,” Steve said, even though he knew it was a lie. There was no way forty-something Tony Stark could compete with a weaponized sixteen year old super soldier, but he might have
“Yes,” she said. “Yes of course. I love you too, you know.”
Tony, for one, loved spending time in the lab with the Other Tony. They tinkered with the armors together. 525 showed her the very basics of his armor, and she was horrified and fascinated to see it come up from his skin, stored in the hollows of his bones in carbon nanotubes.
“Sorry, we’re all still stuck at the part where Steve Rogers started making out with Tony Stark,” Clint said bluntly. Thor roared with laughter.
“Ok but we still need to
“Yes, that’s what we usually call these types of training facilities,” Tony said blandly. Steve rolled his eyes.
“Sucks for
over there?” Steve asked.
“Sounds apt,” 525 Tony murmured. He had stopped in his work, the screwdriver in his hand still.
It was the end of day two, and it was obvious that all the kids were getting particularly anxious. Steve wasn’t sure that any of them had gotten much sleep, but he was almost
Iron Man; we’ve got the ground,” Cap insisted firmly.
Everything sucked. That was pretty much Kate’s outlook as soldiers from the War of 1812 (James, the giant military dork, recognized their uniforms) were raining bullets down upon them (bullets? Musket balls? Hell if Kate knew). Was that a
It wasn’t quiet. It was rarely quiet anymore. He knew Kate and Peter were probably still on their way back from school, so the noise came from the Alternates. James’ mouth curved down in distaste. He didn’t know why Tony or his dad had invited them into their
Thor threw her a look that was somewhere between exasperation and kicked golden retriever, then said,
“Ease up, Tasha,” Clint said, putting a hand on her lower back to reel her in as well as keep up appearances—they were supposed to be on a date, after all. “Who’d they send after you, Coulson?” Phil just smiled blandly, as ever, though Clint could detect just a
of the team trusted them fully—nor should they. But they weren’t a major threat—at least, Steve didn’t see them that way. They were helping. They were trying to help. And if they weren’t, for some reason? Then Steve didn’t understand their end game, keeping them cozily in their family’s mansion on vacation. There was a remote chance that 3490 had orchestrated the entire thing. It was something Steve had considered, though he didn’t think it likely. It was possible that they were plotting mutliverse takeover—or just takeover of 199999 for some reason—and wanted them pliant and out of the way, but for the life of him Steve couldn’t think of a motivation for that.
“Honestly, I should have planned for Randy’s at the reception to this shindig. Terrible oversight on my part. I wouldn’t doubt the power of those donuts to raise me from the grave,” Tony, his beautiful Tony was at the back of the church.
“Jamie, c’mon, stay with me,” Peter urged. “One or both?”
. He’s sentient and thinking and feeling which—I’m not saying my AI is not capable, but my AIs aren’t all the way there yet. They don’t work for me because they like it, they do what I ask because they’re programmed that way. Other Tony’s AIs…it’s not the same. I feel like beyond being
, let’s call it that, has much more air tight security than mine does, to my shock. I figured my…Vision… was pretty damn secure but it’s looking more and more like I’ve got tinker toys and legos. This Vision is…much more independent than mine, besides. He’s really—mine is his own personality, and he’s gaining more and more independence, but this one is his own
He wandered into the kitchen. He was hungry. He was almost always hungry. He ate an embarrassing amount, and no matter how rich 3490 Tony and Steve were he felt bad mooching. Still, he didn’t want to starve. So he got out some whole wheat bread, mayo, lettuce, tomato and some deli turkey. He was searching for swiss cheese in the fridge when he heard Tony behind him.
“I shouldn’t
“You’re asking us to put our lives on the line for this,” Jeanne stated. “This isn’t a scrimmage.”
One by one, they all agreed until it was just down to Jeanne, Brandon, and their crew. Until Jeanne finally sighed, her arms crossed.
“It’s a perfectly legitimate question,” Steve said. “Which you still haven’t answered.” James rolled his eyes.
other universes. I mean, there were theories. Ideas. It’s just—amazing to find some of them confirmed, to figure out how it really all works.”
hanging over him like the others, had
“Not a couple,” Pepper said in unison with Tony.
“No, ma’am, I think I’ll tell you I slept until four,” he said. Tony rose, poured another mug of coffee, handed it to Young Steve and sat back down. Young Steve pulled out another chair and sat too.
want to be team leader?” James asked.
“But you don’t
I didn't actually have any ideas for the big battle scene back in 2014. I knew what needed to happen, but not how it was going to happen. How many times, after all, can you say "and a big scary army came and ripped up NYC and smashed stuff". So this time I tried not New York and not a city. It's 2021, I do what I want.
very different people. Still, he wasn’t sure how he could make this decision alone.
ago, oh my God—” 3490 Steve, looking alarmed, put a hand on his wife’s shoulder.
.” He tapped her on the top of her head before nocking another arrow. “Somebody told me once shooting comes from the heart. Bullshit. We shoot
however, to a larger bunker. Most of the kids are being removed to another location.”
“Oh, just my big brother and his friend,” Kate said, still smiling. “Think we can get something to drink?” It did not go unnoticed to James that Francis’ hands were balled into tight, white-knuckled fists.
The next 17 chapters were all written in various different years, although every one of them has been outlined since I started writing it in 2013. Of the ones written most recently, I have tried to keep it to that 2014 feel, both in terms of my writing style and any pop culture references. Not sure how well I did but there was an attempt.
“Ma’am, seeing as you appear to recognize us, could we get your name?” Steve asked very politely. Steve was pretty much always polite.
Tony couldn’t think. Tony couldn’t breathe. It was happening all over again. 199999 was the exact same as 525—they’d joined the fight and now 3490 was going to get crushed from both sides and there was nothing she could do to stop it. She felt her heart racing, felt the world getting smaller and smaller as nothing mattered but the pounding of blood in her ears. JARVIS was telling her something.
“Anxious? Really? We’re stuck in an alternate universe with a team of avengers who admits to killing another team of alternates, we have no way of getting home, and apparently there’s a psychotic division of AIM out for our blood. What would I
once he got out of the bunker. Maybe the military base? Would James just go on with his life like nothing weird was happening? At least Peter was reasonably certain that James had used the second exit through the warehouse and not the first through the mall. The mall would be too crowded this time of day, it wasn’t smart to risk it; who knew who would be watching?
“Dead,” Peter heard the voice of Alt Clint call. Peter headed in that direction. He could see lightning striking far off in the distance—Torrun and Thor, he guessed.
“Since when don’t you like spaghetti and meatballs?” Tony demanded as Peter hoisted himself up on the counter near where his mother was working. She looked at him more closely. “What happened to your face, Peter? Are you ok?”
“Thanks for the reiteration kiddo,” Tony said before his face plate lowered. “But I think we’ve got this.” Steve thought that, perhaps a few weeks ago, Kate would have given him a look of intense skepticism, but now all she did was nod curtly before slinging her own bow over her shoulders. She looked at Steve.
Jessica Jones
But here was a version of her father only two years out from everything. Here he was, taken out of the nightmare and then thrown into perhaps two more—first into the future and now into an alternate universe. She guessed that was why he always looked so pained in the serious, quiet moments. Kate knew that her own father was a man who carried a lot of weight on his shoulders, and she doubted this version was any different. But she wondered if he might be more willing to open up, being so close to events. Alt Steve shrugged and lifted his hands a little helplessly.
have been happier not knowing. But Tony didn’t need to agonize over it. What was done was done.
“Must be interesting, hopping through the multiverse as you all do,” she commented. 525 Tony’s smile turned a bit sour.
Tony as well and it certainly wouldn’t be wrong—returned to their home, tired and sweaty but in good spirits. While they had disappeared—to shower, they claimed, though Pepper suspected that was only half the story and did not wish to know the whole one—another Pepper had waltzed through the doors of the mansion.
—microchip,” Tony said.
He couldn’t take it. He couldn’t take these close quarters, couldn’t take the gazes of pity and sympathy and horror and whatever else lie in wait for him upstairs. He couldn’t handle this anymore. He was going to leave, and damn them all.
was in trouble, the subject of his father’s ire. As usual. Well, James figured, at least he’d spared Peter from any additional attention.
“Can’t get into Mom’s lab without her,” Peter said with a displeased twist of his mouth. Alt Tony smiled slowly, mischievously.
“…One. I think,” James said. He sounded so very out of it, and his eyes were out of focus. Peter could see that one of his pupils was more dilated than the other—concussion. Peter had to will his hands to stop shaking. They were on James’ abdomen. James couldn’t feel how freaked he was.
“Is this the face of a man who cares?” Steve asked, pointing to his own face. Peter scowled.
“Well?” James asked, raising an eyebrow. He gestured with his arm and stepped aside, as if he hadn’t just been standing in the way of the entrance. “Ladies first.” Their sigh of relief was inaudible, but James heard it all the same. They filed in one after the other, and then James shut the door behind them all.
certainly hadn’t heard the end of it. Tony, as ever, was pouting (metaphorically, once again, though he had the tendency to do it physically as well upon occasion). Pepper had tried to talk him out of the whole ‘destruction of property of our guests’ thing and dissuade him from destroying the remote control, but he wouldn’t hear it. Nor would he go downtown to work in a lab there.
if I didn’t have to declare Natasha dead—he never would have
“Oh yeah, ‘hey sweetie, I’m pregnant again’—that’ll solve all our problems,” Antonella said. She ran her fingertip along the top of the crystal glass. “There wasn’t a good time, before…I was…testing. I was trying to figure out if the baby would be born with the Extremis virus because…that wouldn’t spell good things. I would have aborted the pregnancy were that the case. But as far as I can tell, it won’t be affected. And then there just wasn’t a good time, and…then Kate happened and…I didn’t want him to stay because I’m pregnant. I wanted him to stay because he forgave me, because he loved me. But I didn’t get that, and he left. And I don’t want him to come back because I’m pregnant, either. I want him to come back because he
“I don’t know why I care.”
That was the
“I’m not nine anymore,” James said. “They don’t scare me.”
“Let’s head over,” Steve said. Tony could see that his jaw was set in a way that always meant he was pissed.
had lost his temper and left. Peter had gone after him, but it was James who ended up taking a bullet for his brother.
“FALL BACK!” Kate heard her older brother scream. “GROUND CREW FALL BACK, AERIAL SUPPORT GET TO THE NORTH!” Kate started backing up, her eyes ascending upward—what could possibly happen to get her brother to tell them to back off. She squinted. Was that…was that the ball dropping? The New Years ball? It was big and shiny and in the right spot but—
and Jeanne shouted. If Jeanne wasn’t going to play by the rules of sparring, then neither was Kate. Jeanne got out of her hold and managed to slam Kate back into the ground, sending tears to her eyes as pain lanced through her body. Bruised or fractured, her tailbone hurt like a bitch. Yet while Kate was in great pain, she managed to reposition them; the fact that Jeanne’s right arm was useless helped. Kate used her feet to kick Jeanne in the stomach, getting the other girl off of her with a satisfying “
too old for that, so.” Peter headed to the cabinet, getting out floor, sugar, a mixing bowl and some measuring spoons. Kate strolled along with his story, gathering eggs and butter and milk from the fridge. It took a few moments for the MCU Avengers to gather their wits about them, but then they started their game again, playing with a dampened enthusiasm. It was strange, Peter thought, to for once be the intruders rather than the intruded-upon. The Alts were obviously uncomfortable as Kate and Peter bickered comfortably about what kind of cookies to make. They eventually decided on chocolate chip—one couldn’t go wrong with chocolate chip—and set out to making the batter. No conversation of note took place with the Alts while they were present, and Peter was surprised that Kate had gone along with his story and not headed back upstairs. When the first batch was put in the oven, Peter turned and watched the Alts for a second. They had switched from Kemps to Euchre at some point, though Peter was pretty certain that only Clint knew the rules and everyone else was just wandering baffled through the game.
“You—
Tony had never seen his double in such a state. She paced. She paced the floor in the living room. 3490 Steve sat on the back of the sofa, trying to soothe her with words, but Antonella would not be soothed. To be fair, they were
It was chaos. It was hell. Tony didn’t know if she was going to make it out alive. She was fighting in armor that lacked flight capability, so even if her double managed to get control of her armor, he couldn’t take her up and drop her. She found her double through the haze of tear gas, entirely unarmored. He wasn’t fighting like the others.. He wasn’t in his armor. He was just alone, cut off from everyone else.
“And that—how did that work, exactly, might I ask?” his double asked. His expression was a careful blank. Bruce felt his own chest tighten.
“And as we sat there he told me—as he’d been telling me for the past two weeks—that he would support me in whatever decision I would make. He told me that he would happily be a father to any children we ever had, whenever we wanted to have any, if ever we wanted to have any. I mean, we weren’t even married but he—he was already planning a future for us. I kind of knew he had been from the moment we’d gotten together, but it was still kind of jarring. I was kind of just waiting for the moment when I screwed up big enough that he would leave,” she said. Tony snorted.
“Had to give you a proper send off,” she said, stepping lightly out of his arms. “Closure and all that. Now go make friends and forget about this.”
—he could just
, that would be hilarious—
that. But this is
not eating so why should I have to?’ Steve moved his thumb back and forth on Tony’s shoulder in a small gesture that was somehow immensely comforting.
“With out luck we’d get the man-eating Monty Python variety,” Natasha replied. They were almost at the river now. Natasha had no idea what their young leader planned next. There were only ever two outcomes with these tears—either all soldiers were eliminated, or they disappeared. Once they reached the river, Natasha doubted they would have much choice but to start picking them off. Already she could see the signs of strain on Billy, and occasionally the shimmering purple barrier would flicker and the red bullets—lasers? Plasma? Something else entirely? Natasha had no idea—slipped through, giving them all just a half-second’s notice to dodge.
designs to keep him airborne, to walk willingly into a machine that could easily hold him captive if it chose. He started forward anyway—they had to gain 3490’s trust
universe? How do you know about any of this? How did we
Chapters 43-44: Tuesday, November 8, 2016
“Yeah. Yeah, I did, but—“
, Steve, I’m
, I feel I should inform you that while Tony did not detail it in her list of forbidden places, the lab is definitely off-limits, hence the locks on the door.”
“We’re working on a couple of solutions,” Dr. Richards said. “But it’s—it’s harder without Tony and—uh, no offense, uh,
“Ok,” Tony said, then came to sit on the bed where Steve still lay. He realized, distantly, that he should have sat up. He should have responded. But he didn’t. He just stayed there, staring at this man and wishing the last few months had never happened. “What’s going to take you out of this? Because you’re scaring the shit out of everyone. And hell, it’s not like you don’t have the right to do this. Withdraw, whatever. You’ve seen more shit in your lifetime than anyone would call fair, and the last couple of months—if you want to break down, that’s your right. Maybe I should go? I don’t know. Nobody told me to come in here, I just—I feel like shit. Your wife died and then I went ahead and let you know she was pregnant and that was just the straw that broke the camel’s back, wasn’t it? And now you’re all—” Tony gestured wildly at all of Steve, “—and I can’t—I don’t—”
“I’ve been working on
“Peter. Take a deep breath. In, out. In, out. Good, like that,” fake-dad, barely-older-than-James dad spoke to him softly. Without seeing him, it was easier to pretend that it was real-dad, even if his voice wasn’t
know the system isn’t fair. All of us. But none of us legacies have any more power to change things than you do. Until now. You
She should have never let him in her workshop.
“M’drunk.”
“We’re finding his limits,” male Tony responded with a lazy grin, and Bruce felt his hackles raise.
that plague humanity,” the Red Skull said, raising his arms.
learn some actual hand to hand along the way.
“I don’t think
Commander Steven Rogers wasn’t one to be taken by surprise. He’d seen, well, what felt like just about everything, and even the multiverse didn’t often surprise him. But coming home from the Japan mission and finding James sat at the kitchen table with Kate, Peter, and the Other Avengers was surprising. He hadn’t seen his son since his graduation in May, and he’d seen him only scarcely before then. Steve knew his son avoided him as much as possible, but Steve didn’t know how to reverse that. Father/son bonding time had simply never worked well for them. So he had allowed James his space, fearing that if he held on too tightly, his son would disappear forever and never come back.
were just for show. Their doubles would present them with a choice, confident that they would make the choice 3490 preferred, and then get a bit thrown when they didn’t, trying to move them subtly back on the track 3490 wanted them to take. This, apparently, was one of those false choices. Steve wanted to let them know that team wanted to help out, as Avengers, which had initially been presented as an option—now it seemed less so.
“Shit, what happened?” the unknown Avenger asked. She had blonde hair in a pixie cut, a blue spandex costume, and an expression that communicated to Tony that she would fuck shit up if she had to.
“I know exactly where he is,” Steve said, with a small, sad smile. “Arlington. Perhaps my question was more existential than you thought. I was dying, after all.”
that,” Francis said. He looked a little panicked, like he’d been looking for a while. “I wasn’t paying attention for
“I feel like I should be offended,” Peter said dryly, but he clearly wasn’t. He opened the bottle and swallowed two pills without any water. Tony looked at that bruise again.
Tony put a gauntlet back on, but before he could do anything to help the Captain, Thor flew overhead and took out a couple with lightning before flying off again. That was all the assistance Captain America needed. He’d made pretty quick work of those aliens.
to ever fucking
“We weren’t certain how they would react to a request to meet with you, and it seemed to be best to be honest about who we were meeting. They’d find out afterwards anyway, and then they’d be doubly suspicious,” Hill defended. Clint could see her grip on Coulson’s hand tighten. Coulson, however, ever a rock, did not move a muscle.
“If he is, well, we have our own Thor. And if Thor isn’t around—well, we know how to neutralize Asgardians. But I’m not concerned. This one doesn’t seem to understand Midgard all that well, he’ll be taking his directives from Rogers and Fury. And we’re at an advantage over Fury. I don’t believe for a second that man was unaware of the multiverse. He
“I wanted to thank you, by the way,” 3490 Clint said after a few moments of silence. He had a rakish grin on his face and Clint wondered if he really looked like that sometimes. “It’s not often I get paid to woo my wife. You all have a nice night, now.” Hands in his pockets, 3490 Clint headed back to his own table. Clint could see a beautiful blond waiting for him. Hm. Clint had always preferred redheads.
It was a very long thirty seconds. When it got down to five, James called them out. The barrier was flashing now—sometimes there, and sometimes not. The soldiers yelled and tried to press forward.
. So he did his best to stay away from her. But that didn’t change the fact that she was in his head, that soft black curls clouded his vision and he couldn’t stop drawing brown eyes. Steve had never felt so conflicted. She was
Not all of Steve’s time on duty was spent in the lab, however.
It was her fault Kate was this way. It was her fault, and she would be damned if two people she loved would be hurt by her own failings, damn it.
“I can do that,” Peter volunteered instead, getting up. He was up and out the door before Steve could say anything else. Alone, he turned to James. James was studying the ceiling.
“Oh, I wouldn’t say I’d do it for anyone,” Steve said. Stark stared at him. “I’d think twice about taking a bullet for Justin Hammer.” Stark laughed. Steve smiled.
today was report card day. They would ask about it. And Kate wouldn’t put it past her mother to double check with the school about her grades, either, considering the past month, which meant that if she wanted to really keep it hidden, she’d have to hack the school’s system and change her grades… She knew
. That was the day he found out what had really happened to Sergeant James Barnes. But this, well, this was definitely him struggling to regain control of himself. “Tony, I don’t want to sleep in the art room.”
“—no, Francis, I’ve had it! I hate you! You’re just—you’re just leading me on, you know that? I can’t believe you, you must have been laughing it up, getting me to fall all over you—well
“Good. The last thing we need is a rogue Romanov,” Tony said in all seriousness.
There was no one consensus. Thor and Jane were headed to the lab downtown; Bruce had decided to go with them. Natasha and Clint wanted to get some work done in the gym, and Steve wanted to join them. Tony and Pepper had no plans, but would likely end up in the library. Or maybe they would go out into town and do something. It was all up in the air, really. 3490 Tony listened politely, and then smiled.
“This is weird, right?” Tony asked, finally breaking the damn of tension in the room with his dry statement.
quickly. His eyes narrowed in suspicion.
“Report to the Triskelion for debriefing everyone,” the Commander spoke, and then the static from the 3490 comms disappeared from the line. Carol and Sam flew off together, towards the Triskelion. Tony landed on the street and took off his faceplate. Thor landed as well, and the others gathered around Steve.
“Don’t be,” Steve said softly. He pushed back some hair falling onto her forehead. She still felt cold and clammy, and he knew from the way her chest moved that her breathing wasn’t quite back to normal just yet. “You couldn’t help it, couldn’t control it.”
specialty, Tony?” Steve inquired innocently. Peter shot him a grateful half-smile. Tony rolled her eyes.
And with that, James began the descent into the darkness.
Peter was annoyed. It seemed to be his default state whenever his big brother came for a visit. Thankfully, his visits were always brief, but James had decided to stay the whole weekend, and even over on Sunday night. He was still there on Monday morning. Unfortunately, Peter always ended up with a good reason for that default annoyance that had begun with none. The ball game had been bad enough, but that Monday morning after his brother’s arrival, Peter’s annoyance was, indeed justified.
—” he said.
, Dad,” Peter said in exasperation. He just turned around and left the room, hot tears of anger and disappointment building behind his eyes and in his throat.
“I did you a favor, not telling your father what you were really up to. How do you think he’d react if I told him right now? You think a couple of months of being grounded is the worst thing ever? I’m pretty sure he’d change your mind quickly on that subject,” she said.
“How long?” he asked.
“Seriously,” Steve said. He left the room, shutting the door behind him.
was dramatic,” Tony said at last, when he was sure they were gone.
“Emergency signal. Good,” Peter said with relief. If no one had been looking for them before, they would be now.
but he thought it was a monumentally bad decision. James could hear a video game—
“I think they’re still mad about the ‘flying into danger’ argument they had,” Teddy disagreed.
“Portal or a tunnel underground. Could be anywhere,” the bald man said. James could see little blue sparks of electricity hitting the floor and hitting the air; if any of them were to hit the door, it could short circuit the cloaking device. James was already amazed that the device hadn’t been effected by the EMP; he doubted it’d stand anything else.
“It was a precaution. One we regretted not taking once, which happened to be one time too many. Our world nearly got destroyed. Our children were nearly killed. Option number two was putting you in Prison 42 until the tearing healed,” 3490 Steve explained bluntly. Steve didn’t know what that meant but he could see that Phil and Maria had sat up a little straighter.
“Toothbrushes and toothpaste are in the medicine cabinet,” was all he said before leaving. Peter breathed in slowly through his nose, his stomach still churning. He had no idea how his parents had done what they did for as long as the had—was this what it felt like, every time? Peter rarely thought about his parents having to take lives. He thought about them apprehending villains, about them thwarting supervillain plots and saving the day. He rarely gave thought to the people his mother blasted out of the sky or his father took down with a blow to the head from his shield. Now that he did, his stomach just turned even more. He ended up over the toilet again, this time dry-heaving, until he felt two big, warm hands on his shoulders.
“Fine, Mr. Tough Guy, but if you die in the middle of the night from internal organ damage it is
that Tudo dude,” Francis said bluntly. “And that pisses me off because he’s
Kate felt a certain warmth melt away all the walls she’d been carefully putting up since she’d found Francis lip locked with Torrun. She felt light, and a little giddy—and a little terrified. But she was going to focus on the good feelings for the moment.
Steve said.
“I’ve played bad cop before,” 3490 Steve objected.
“It’s you who should burn for your mistakes,” Steve said, spitting blood. “Not the other universes you sick fu—“
“Peter told me you have kids,” his double spoke to him suddenly. His tone was light, but Bruce knew himself well enough to know that he was just doing his best to keep cool.
It was, however, Francis’. He was trying to get her to keep a running tally.
“I’m completely serious. Just watch,” Peter said. He took off his shoes and socks and made for the balcony. Lucky for him, no one was outside. It was far too cold out for that. The wind blew and felt like a razor across Peter’s skin. He touched his fingertips to the glass—it was cold as ice. Gritting his teeth, He put his other hand on the glass and then climbed on top of the balcony’s railing with his feet. Slowly, ever so slowly, Peter moved both of his feet off the railing and onto the side of the building. He stuck. He let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding and proceeded to crawl across the window.
?” James screamed in his brother’s face, fending off the Alt of his father with one arm, his fist still clutched to the front of Peter’s shirt. “What do I
Steve Rogers
he heard his daughter ask his son through the closed door.
But also he had.
“I know you have,” she said. “I didn’t mean—I didn’t mean it the way you took it.”
“I, being older than your mental age of two, refuse to participate further in this ‘conversation’,” Peter said, concentrating on his cereal—which happened to be Cinnamon Toast Crunch this morning because James stole the last of the Cocoa Puffs in his first offense of the day.
“You are
“Here go the dramatics,” Francis heard Brandon mutter. Francis resisted the urge to punch him. He was a SHIELD agent. He wasn’t allowed to do that kind of thing anymore. Not unless it was sanctioned.
“You got injured. These are
and sit down and
James had to steel himself to meet his father’s gaze. He was tired. That much was clear. But he wasn’t tired in the way that he should have been from a day of crime-fighting. He wasn’t tired in the way that he would want to go to bed and sleep for a million years. He was tired in the way that he would lie down in bed and stare at the ceiling, unable to sleep. He was tired in the way that when he finally would, he would have nightmares. James knew that kind of tired. They were
“Oh, because you’re so easy on James?” 3490 Tony shot back. 3490 Steve’s eyes went hard.
So, considering the past two days she’d had with her boss slash dearest friend slash
Peter wondered in that moment if he ever did.
know about him? He could recite his coffee orders, could predict how long he’d be in his lab and what he’d be working on based on his mood that day, he could anticipate now what quips he’s use and references he’d make—but what did he really
“James,” Steve breathed out in relief. His boy’s eyes slowly flicked across the room. Situational assessment.
that James hadn’t slept at all or even bothered to try. Deep circles were under his eyes as he sat in his chair, watching feed from the security cameras outside, just waiting for the 3490 Avengers to appear. It was dinner time but none of the 3490 children were eating. Kate sat on a chair, her knees pulled up to her chest and her chin resting on her knees. The television played some mindless reality show that no one was actually paying any attention to. Eventually James got up from his post, pulled out two bowls of the vegetable soup Steve had heated up for everyone for dinner, and handed them to his brother and sister. Peter took it but just stared into the bowl. Kate just shook her head.
It had started out normal enough. 3490 Tony and Steve had informed them that Thanksgiving—like, apparently, most holidays—was a team
Fuck, Steve, what am I supposed to tell our children when they ask me when you’re coming back? What can I possibly do to let Kate know that our fighting wasn’t her fault other than tell her that over and over? I can talk to her until I’m blue in the face, but whether or not she
“Yeah, great job so far,” Kate said sarcastically, picking her tablet up again and opening a book before it was yanked out of her hands. “Hey!”
with this when she was still grappling with the death of her mother, a death that was
” Clint cried, stretching out his arms for his daughter, who was currently clinging to Kate. Kate readily handed her over. “Oh, thank God, Kate, thank you—”
“Just answer me one thing, Dad. And then I’m going to bed,” James said. His father nodded.
“And say what? I got the crap scared out of me when I was nine? We’ve all had scares. We’ve all encountered some super charged villains,” he said. Kate glared. He knew exactly what she was saying.
far away from marching right up to you and breaking your goddamn pretty face. How
“Well, that’s not my problem now is it?” James replied. Kate pouted. James laughed and tousled her hair, which earned him a livid glare and a slap on his wrist. Nobody messed with her hair. “Say, when are Dad and Tony getting back from Japan, d’you know?”
“I’m sorry, I forgot you’re allergic to concern and polite behavior,” Steve retorted. Tony winced. He deserved that one.
“Yes! Drunken confessions are good for the soul and great for bonding. Everybody ready? Good. All right, Clint you start us off,” Tony said.
“YOU LYING SON OF A—”
how amazing you are. Show them the good that you can do, that you can be trusted, that you can be
“And this isn’t one?” Tony challenged.
Natasha started forwards, and Steve fell into step beside her, ready to follow a child into war.
these?) and took down a bot (set to EASY mode) with his bare hands. That was the other thing he’d gained proficiency in over the past three days—hand to hand combat. He was suddenly grateful at all the one-on-one sessions he’d had with Steve before—Rogers was a hard drill sergeant but he looked like a fluffy puppy next to his offspring from another universe. Tony was convinced James just liked to hear “drop and give me twenty” for the effect. Tony, of course, had not ever dropped and given twenty. He could admit he was old when he wanted to get out of something.
“No,” said Clint, looking as though he was holding back several curses.
“Do something? Like what?”
She had a book in her hand, and a mug of tea, but she’d put both of those down on an end table so that she could solemnly shake the hand of an insistent little red headed girl dressed as a princess who was probably no more than eight years old. She had a soft smile on her face as she did so, as she spoke with the little girl, and her older brother, who was likely twelve or thirteen. Eventually she stopped and conversed briefly with their parents, 3490 Pepper and 3490 Pepper’s husband, Happy. Tony could see the wistfulness in her eyes. He could see the longing and the soft jealousy as the little red head tugged at her mother’s dress and demanded they move on to other houses for trick-or-treating.
“Oh, what are you two doing down here?”
to be in here.” Fury had rounded on a young agent who had wandered in, looking a bit dazed. He just stared at Fury. “Did you
you, Steve, and because we agreed, we
“So what was so important that you had to organize this trip away from the mansion?” Natasha asked.
won’t it?” Tony asked.
lab, and I will not have you fiddling with
“We’ll come,” Natasha volunteered herself and Clint.
“How?” Kate whipped her head around to find her father standing at the back of the room had voiced the question. He was dressed in sweats and a white t-shirt, as if he might have been on the way to the gym. Or maybe lying in bed all day. Kate wouldn’t be surprised in either case. She was just glad to see that he was up and about and apparently verbal again. She hadn’t let herself really worry about him. Not properly. She’d figured her dad had needed space and that he’d come back around eventually. The alternative was unthinkable, so she simply didn’t think it. “We left the space stone
“Hey, being evasive is
“What? That’s it? I get conked on the head and you call everything off?” Tony demanded, feeling guilty. James just frowned.
Tony hadn’t known what she was going to say to Steve before he’d gotten there, but now it seemed that she couldn’t
“Of course,” he said.
Henry McCoy
yacht on fire. Probably with explosives since an arrow wouldn’t likely do the job. Wouldn’t be flashy enough either—maybe set the explosives off
, they’ve just never gotten solid shots of our faces. Even if they managed it, there’s a blanket gag order on any information involving us. Nobody in their right mind would print it.” Steve was frowning.
“All right. Azari, Torrun, Billy, Teddy, Francis, Tommy—go play a board game or something,” Dad said. “Please.” Wordlessly they left, though Peter could tell that Billy and Tommy in particular were itching with curiosity. Peter figured Billy would devise a way for them all to listen in anyway. As soon as they were gone, Dad looked at each of them all in turn.
“It’s also a safety thing. The different schools,” Kate said. “James was the only one of us who went by ‘Rogers’ in school. At Hawthorn, I’m Kate Bishop. At Midtown Science, he’s Peter Parker. We’re kept out of the press to keep villains at bay. I mean, the press still knows we
It didn’t take them long to reach the Triskelion. Steve was silent as they flew, silent as they landed, and silent as they walked through the building. Tony felt himself squirming a bit inside the suit. Steve and silence was never a good thing, for one reason or another. They rounded the corner into one of the larger conference rooms. Half the “A Team” Avengers were already there, including Antonella and the Commander. They both stood at a clear console, going through images of the battle—Tony realized with a start that it was film of
One day passed, then two, three, four, five and still there was no sign of Commander Rogers. There was very little sign of 3490 Tony, either, as she was squirreled away in her lab, working on ‘something’ though the details of that ‘something’ had been utterly lost on Steve. In fact, Steve hadn’t seen her at all since the night of day three, when Peter had asked at dinner if his father was coming home soon or not. 3490 Tony hadn’t answered him, and had disappeared promptly after dinner. She hadn’t shown up to any meal on day four, nor any on day five, and now it was the afternoon of day six and Steve was beginning to be truly concerned. He had no idea if 3490 Tony had been sleeping or eating at all. Peter and Kate didn’t seem particularly bothered—they’d seemed to have some form of contact with her. Steve guessed they’d been down to the lab. It was now just two days to Christmas Eve—and the annual Avengers Christmas party in Stark Tower—but the holiday hardly felt cheery with 3490 Tony holed up in her lab, working on God only knew what.
