Dean’s fingers finally close around dusty glass. He hauls it out, pops the cork with his teeth, and downs the rest of it—maybe a fifth—in one go. It burns all the way down, and he actually coughs some of it up. If he could smile right now, he would—this is exactly what he needs.
When the sound of Sam’s footfalls disappeared, Dean stepped closer.
He rubbed at them somberly, too sore to even begin to get hard, and continued to glare at two of the hags who were still in the room with him. They had been putting away their tools or torture instruments or whatever and whispering as if Dean wasn’t three feet away and perfectly capable of hearing them. He might as well be a dog. At least dogs didn’t have the hair stripped off their dicks, though.
Bobby gestures his head toward Sam, who’s already started talking.
“Other than Bobby and Jody, you mean?”
Hunger Games, flung himself from the factory roof and died. As such, he will not have the honor of representing us in this year’s competition.”
For a long second, Dean didn’t say anything. He just blinked. Then he caught a glint from the guy’s eyes —fuckin’
The guy’s eyes lit right up like golden spotlights. Dean didn’t know if he should be excited or terrified.
“I warned her not to spy on my true form.” Castiel looks down, shaking its head and frowning. It looks… it looks almost
“Time to get this show on the road, right?”
excitement?’ Well, friends, I think we’ve finally done it.”
At that, Sam’s smile falls a little flat. Over his digitized head, so does Bobby’s. Oh, right—they’re in the middle of the annual bloodbash, and neither of them expect him to survive. Dean rolls his eyes and pulls his fur blanket closer.
“Yeah? Then why didn’t you fight?”
Of course
them. Sammy doesn’t know, and Sammy doesn’t need to know, but he remembers every fucking day he spent in Hell. Every single one but his last. Only one memory stands out from those final moments, and, until now, he was sure that that memory was something his brain had cooked up on its own. The memory is a flash of light, an unimaginable shape in the darkness… and a pair of pitch-black wings.
Trixie wasn’t smiling anymore. Not even a little. He looked fucking murderous. Dean tried to swallow, but the stylist’s hand clutched too tight.
“He’s a devout man, he actually prayed for this.”
These two will be a definite problem. Even without the energy vibrating off them, they’re District 2, and that’s always cause for concern. But his eyes are trained to look for weaknesses as much as strengths, and it doesn’t escape his notice that the two aren’t standing back-to-back like the other Tributes. In fact, there’s a solid foot of space between them.
“Catch up? Where are you going?”
Slowly, stiffly, he rolls to his feet.
Castiel turned to her. Around them, more and more pinpricks of angels bloomed into being. Like all of his other brethren, they were made of the light itself, yet still dwarfed, rendered obsolete, in the radiance of God. And, then, they, too, disappeared.
The words are out of his mouth before he can stop them. Well before he can paint them with the anger of speaking on Sammy’s behalf instead of lashing out from his own hurt.
this year. But,” she snorted, with a slight shake of her head, “something else all three of us know is that it won’t be either of you. So strap in for the ride, enjoy what you can, and try not to die too early. It’ll make me look bad. Capisce?”
Bile chucks up his throat, but he swallows it down before it can come out. He takes a step away from the girl, refusing to care if the cameras catch it.
still happen. We’re just making a few changes to the setup.” He takes another long pause. “This year, instead of pulling from a brand new crop of
His memory of her thighs turns sour in his stomach.
“Well, I guess we should get started,” she drawled, as if the thought had honestly just occurred to her. “Ladies first.”
The crowd cheers again, and the guy grins at them gratefully. Dean rolls his eyes and pours himself a shot of whiskey. It wouldn’t surprise him if the guy went all Sally Fields on everyone—“You love me, you really love me!”
There were so many
The breath leaves Dean’s body in a wave of relief. He takes a second to gather himself, then turns a bit to look over his shoulder. He rakes his eyes up the man’s body, feigning interest over his fear.
She sauntered away from him, still swinging her hips way more than necessary, and stepped up to the register at the end of her desk. Her fingers flipped through the pages, taking their sweet time about it, before finally picking up her pen and knocking off two lines at the bottom.
“You sit back down, and you stay there.”
“Explain. Now.”
“Good. Dean will join me. We can practice together.”
Crowley smirks, a wicked grin that twists up just the left side of his face. Because he can’t resist, Dean winks at him. The little man’s smile grows wider. Dean would give his left nut to be able to read his blood pressure right now.
“Good things do happen, Dean.”
That sobers the old coot up a bit—even after all these years, he finds his knowledge of Dean’s extracurricular activities less than amusing—but just a bit. Regardless of why, Dean is still painted up like a mail-order male hooker, and he knows it. That was kinda the point, after all.
The TV lands on the Tributes from 3, and all three of them freeze.
Castiel says it dry as two-day-old toast, but not insincere. Unused to honesty that doesn’t lash out with barbs as Dean is, he doesn’t let it faze him. He keeps moving forward, jaw slack with fury, his eyes gleaming with it. After this thing pulled the angelic equivalent of the “don’t call me, I’ll call you” spiel, he didn’t expect to hear from it so soon. For it to have the nerve to do it
Anniversary is quickly approaching. Fifty years of peace, and prosperity, and overwhelming success!”
some poor bastard?”
“We, uh… we should probably go somewhere more private, then.”
“Your friend’s alive.”
“Yeah, we
So: the message Dean wrote?
“Just take it,” she pleaded. “Keep us alive a little longer, will you?”
Dean spins on his heel. From the depth of the voice, he’s expecting to see a giant near Sam’s size, some bouncer ready to break up a fight before it starts. To his surprise, he overestimated, and his gaze falls solidly on a sleek comb-over. He takes a step back and drops his eyes.
For a second, Dean’s mind flashed back to the bodies in the woods, the scent of burning flesh while Dad tended the fire. He thought about the blood, and the eyes, and everything—thank
Dean didn’t manage to keep his surprise to himself. He felt his eyebrow arc and his mouth fall open in surprise. She hadn’t said a word when she was Reaped, and he honestly hadn’t given a single thought to what her voice might sound like. If he had, this sure as fuck wouldn’t have been his first guess.
that’s sliced all the way down to his belly-button. Dude hasn’t said a word, but Dean can already tell that he’ll want to punch him in the face as soon as he does.
has to say. There is no higher purpose than that. He knows his job. He knows his place.
Balthazar clicks his tongue, and Dean swears to a God he probably never believed in that he will choke the guy to death with his own scrap of shirt if he says something smartass. But maybe God does exist and just has a horrible sense of when to intervene. It wouldn't surprise him.
“Well, you will certainly be making this year interesting for me, Dean. Hope you keep that austere wit about you in the arena.”
He wants to scream. To shout, and cry, and flay the skin off his knuckles like Alastair made him do for five years straight in the Pit. He wants… Fuck, he knows
He looks up at Dean from under his eyelashes. “We’ve got it under control,” he mutters. “Cassie knew this was coming. He knew to prepare for it. That’s why he sent Sam back alone.”
“Why do you think we’re here?” Castiel continues, softer now, almost gentle. “Walking among you, now, for the first time in 2000 years?”
Dean’s mouth waters even more, and he hates himself for it.
“Speaking of which, how’re you enjoying my replacement?” Gabe’s eyes rake up Dean’s body from his shoes. If he had any dignity left, he might actually blush about it. “From the looks of things, I put you in good hands.”
His palms have to be bleeding as tight as he’s clenched his fists, but he doesn’t break eye contact. Doesn’t look down at all.
Dean snapped toward Bobby’s voice. Just over the old man’s trucker cap, he could make out Bela’s bob disappearing through a different set of doors. Ruby was already gone. It was just the two of them.
Wait. Wait, he doesn’t mean…
Dean slams the button and dials again.
Dean recognizes the lack of a question, but he’s too tired to bitch about it. Small potatoes to be bitching about today, anyway. Instead, he elbows Sam off—gently, this time, more of an “I got this” than a complaint—and marches up to the strobe-lit mirror in the center of the room. Tessa’s face stares back him in the reflection, only visible now that he’s at the right angle. She’s half hidden in a corner behind Sam where they hadn’t seen her. She smiles with half of her mouth and neither of her eyes, then gives him a little wave. It isn’t even remotely a relief, but he almost appreciates it all the same.
have been a showstopper?” Trixie chuckled. “You know, I had all sorts of plans for these. They were originally going to say
Billions of years later, it would occur to him that he was dissatisfied. As dissatisfied as any being incapable of feeling could be, anyway. Had anyone asked him at the time what he’d rather have been doing, he certainly wouldn’t have had a response. The concept of preference—of anything, really, outside of duty—was as foreign to him as applied calculus to a fire ant. What use had he of choice?
“I’ll figure it out, alright?” he snapped.
Finally, the film flickered away, and the blonde stepped up to her podium.
“Well, Bobby, here’s hopin’ you started a new diet while I was dead..."
“Take this seriously, would you?” Bela hissed. “It’s not just your life on the line here.”
A lump lodged itself in his throat, choking him against the wire of his necklace. “Son of a bitch…”
In the beginning, there was light.
He keeps up the show all the way back to the door of his and Emma’s suite. There aren’t any cameras in the halls or the rooms—and that’s not just wishful thinking, Dean
“If you’ll just step up here, Dean.”
Sam swallowed, eyes still focused on the awning overhead. “You, uh, ready to go, man?”
quote, that thing about butter spread over too much bread… He’s related to it before, in ways that nobody under thirty ever should have. He’s had his fair share of long days. The day mom died. When dad was possessed by Azazel, and then the car wreck. Losing Sam…
Before he could do anything else, the trumpets blared overhead. Up at the front of the queue, the chariot holding the Tributes for District 1 rambled off. The roars from the stadium were deafening, even from near the back of the line. A few seconds passed, then the chariot for District 2 followed.
Sam and Bobby share a look, both of them a second away from saying something, but Dean stomps off before they can. He takes a quick pitstop into his room, shucking off the blanket and his muscle shirt in exchange for a flannel, then crosses the hall to Emma’s door. There isn’t any noise inside.
Nobody ever gives him a second to catch his breath and think.
“Not in my experience.”
Dean grins. He forgets sometimes how smart his baby brother can be. He always knows that he
“Just one, then! How the fuck does he have five?”
Dean blinks at the sudden change of light, stomach churning, when another pair of hands yanks him forward.
“Better get back out there. Before they notice somebody’s missing. I’ll sneak over after the funhouse so we can talk shop.”
Some, but not all, of the tension in Castiel’s grace ebbed away. This could be a test, a trap of some sort, but Castiel could not think what its purpose could be. He hadn’t done anything wrong. And he couldn’t help from trusting his older brother. For all that neither of them had any true reason to visit the Earth—not one that Castiel could conceive, anyway—Joshua seemed honest.
“Fortunately, our beloved President had the foresight to issue a new decree.” With a smirk, he pulls out paper from his pocket and rolls it out on the stand in front of him. “‘For our Second Quarter Quell, our 50
“But Emma’s comin’, too. Soon as we stop, get Tessa on the case to get her some kinda dress. I ain’t gonna be the only dancing bear.”
A rock settles in his stomach.
Nobody’s ever “gripped him tight and raised him from perdition”.
Dean’s fingers move to his temples, but he doesn’t say anything. Sam takes another step closer.
Dean jerked his head toward the corner, the pulse in his jaw ticking. Ruby hadn’t even had the good grace to look up from her magazine, but, apparently, they’d finally gotten to a conversation topic she considered worthy of her attention. Maybe Dean would take them both out.
Dean arched an eyebrow. “Really?”
It’s close to midnight, one week exactly before the Games begin. He hasn’t seen Balthazar since they got here, and while he’s largely thankful to be away from that prick, he’s more pissed off about it than anything. If anybody could get a message to Cas right now, Dean bets it would be him. He’s probably chumming it up with the nerdy little son of a bitch right now. Gabe, too.
Crowley draws Dean’s attention back to him with a single bark of laughter.
With a sigh, he hip checks the sensor by the door and slips back in. Just like the halls, the room is silent. The monitor’s on, some Capitol weather anchor moving her lips without volume. The blue evening lights are turned down low.
Dean’s own lips curled in disgust. Yeah, he knew. He always knew. Didn’t make it any easier.
The Earth was ancient, older than many of the angels by far, Castiel included. Perhaps it was even older than Death and his brothers, Famine and War. No one but the archangels seemed to know for sure, and they scarcely left their Father’s side long enough to speak to their younger siblings. As such, few things about the Earth were widely known throughout the Host. Castiel’s older siblings sometimes spoke of the Earth’s earliest occupants, the Leviathan, whom they subtitled “God’s failed first experiments”. Castiel questioned the truth behind these claims, though, as did many of his fellow Seraphs. For one, if the Leviathan preceded angels, then how could the angels know of their existence? For another, if the Leviathan ever existed, where were they now? And, most importantly, how could their Father, a truly perfect being, ever make a mistake?
At least, that was the beginning for Castiel.
Gabe’s mouth gives another little twitch.
They both knew he wasn’t talking about the Games. That didn’t stop it from hanging over their heads, though.
Ruby gave them a small, short round of applause. “Congrats, you didn’t suck.”
it. He wouldn’t have been able to focus on their words for anything, but at least it was something. At least it was noise. He didn’t know if he’d be able to deal with this in silence.
are you?”
“There’s an exercise facility at the opposite end of the hall,” he says. “I can have a colleague escort you if you’d like.”
“Can’t say I know what you’re talking about. Surprisingly, I’m not all that popular. Lots of acquaintances, not so many friends, and all the tail I can get. Woe is me, right?”
Dean laughed, wrapping one arm around the kid’s neck even as he pushed him away with the other.
“Some angel you are,” he hisses. “You burned out that poor woman’s eyes.”
Whistling low, he swung the duck into his empty sack and headed for the barn. To anyone else, it might’ve been invisible, caved-in and half buried in a field of barley overgrown with poison oak. But Dad had used it on and off for fourteen years, which meant that, by extension, so had Dean. It, the pearl gun, and the leather jacket on Dean’s shoulders were the only things left of John Winchester.
He rolls his eyes—spoke too damn soon.
“Alright, then, Einstein.” Dean crossed his arms tight over his chest. “If they’re still around, then why haven’t they stopped this?”
When his fellow guards questioned him later, Castiel would answer, truthfully, that he was concerned. That he feared some unknown enemy had taken root on Earth and would soon set its sights on attacking Heaven. It wasn’t a lie, but, in the privacy of his unshared thoughts, he could admit that that worry did not occur to him until much later. In that moment, all he cared about was protecting the Earth.
Dean snorted and poured himself another shot. “Easy—don’t die.”
“Greetings, citizens!” he calls, waving his hands to calm a crowd that isn’t cheering for him. “Thank you, thank you. As you know, our 50
“Yep. Not legitimately,” Bobby adds, nudging Dean lightly on the shoulder before moving his hand back to his shot glass. “Far as I know, Azazel never claimed her. But she swore up and down after she won that he was her daddy.”
He steps closer.
? How could we bring you even
Bobby clicks the remote a final time. An older blonde woman with nails the length of steak knives and a smarmy little bastard with slicked-back hair and a nice suit stare back.
“Dean, you know I can’t just take him out of the running entirely. Where would be the fun in that?”
, both with a grid pattern that reminds him of wheat grains. Glitzy enough to help him blend in, subtle enough to tell everyone just where the fuck he comes from.
Dean grumbled under his breath. He hated to admit it, but he was impressed that Sam had caught on so quickly from a single look. Granted, that’s exactly what Dean had done when he’d first seen Bobby, too, but still. The kid was fourteen—he shouldn’t know so much.
“You think of the seals as locks on a door.”
It takes him a minute, but he finally figures it out. Archer. Like her mom. Lydia. She even looks a little like her. She’d been in Dean’s grade before he quit school. She gave him one hell of a ride.
“Alright, knock it off.”
“Don’t gimme that, I ain’t no spring chicken, boy. Besides, I’ve been a bit preoccupied.”
“Can’t take me yourself?”
He pours himself another shot, taking a second to swill it around in the glass. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes. Dean waits for the other shoe to drop. Bobby doesn’t disappoint.
“Feisty. I like it. I’m sure your fans do, too.”
Bobby huffs, unamused. “Slow your roll, boy. You ain’t exactly my type, neither. It’s for a party we’re goin’ to.”
Half an hour after the Reaping, maybe 15 minutes after the guards ushered Sam back home, Dean looked up at the first Capitol train he’d seen up close since John died and realized he remembered none of it. The silver bullet train with its shiny sheet windows might as well have been a brand-new invention.
Dean hangs up and dials again.
“Yeah. I guess. See ya, Sammy.”
For one absolutely awful, terrible moment, he honestly thought about punching Sam in the face. He’d never done it before. Never even thought about it before. Sure, he’d thought of smacking the kid around a bit when he got too mouthy, but never anything that violent. Never anything that personal.
There are no “larger concerns” than a human’s life.
The bird was sticky under his fingers, raw and kinda mildewy smelling even without any help from the hay, but Dean still had to force himself not to rip the burlap apart and tear into it. It’d been way too long since he’d had fresh meat. Hell, it’d been way too long since he’d had any meat, period. If not for his rations at the shop—frickin’ oat cakes that he was sure only Sammy actually enjoyed, the freak—he would’ve starved months ago. Not that Sam had to know that.
Dean’s gut clenched. He hadn’t even thought of District 11. Trust Bobby to remember what even he forgot. Granted, the odds of Cassie Robinson getting reaped were slim to none. She didn’t have any skin in these Games like Sam and Dean did, she kept her nose clean, and she was just one year away from aging out, too. But that wasn’t a certain guarantee, and a certain guarantee was the only thing that would set Dean’s nerves to rest. He already had Jo to worry about.
Dean cursed under his breath. He’d actually avoided thinking about their dad all night, a difficulty on the best of days and a damn impossibility the day of the Reaping. For one, they always played that clip during the ceremony, the one of John slitting some kid’s throat then turning, eyes like steel, to glare at the drone camera overhead. From a marketing standpoint, or whatever, Dean couldn’t really argue with it—John was the only victor District 9 had ever had in the 37-years the Games had been going. Didn’t make it any easier to see his dad at seventeen, a killer through-and-through.
, man. Why don’t you just find some other fucker to play games with, huh?”
Dean rolled his eyes and turned away.
Castiel rolled his eyes—the Winchester brothers always had the worst timing.
again.
He shrugs and dives back into the cabinet. “Suit yourself.”
He sniffed, tears welling up in his eyes.
“Fine. Whatever.”
There’s one thing that he, Bobby, and Tessa have definitely thought since this morning and not said to each other. All three of them have been doing this long enough to label Tributes with some accuracy. They know which ones will fight hard, which ones will try to win, which ones ain’t afraid of losing themselves in the process.
“Do I want to know what kind of things?”
It takes even less time to reach the stage than it did for Balthazar to dress him. The small but growing crowd surrounding it parts easily to let them all through. Between the headache and his stomach and the fact that he still can’t get over how green he is (clothes
The tricky part now is gonna be getting out of his room, off his floor, and into Cas’s hands at all. It’s easier to do this when you’re the escort—not so much when you’re the player.
That clams him right the fuck up. Just like it did the last two days when Sam tried the same shtick with the Reaping for 1 and 2. Eventually, the kid’s gonna stop tiptoeing around him and the guilt trip isn’t gonna work anymore, but Dean’s gonna milk it till that happens. With any luck, it’ll be after all of the Reapings are over.
For 1,523,401 years, he was content to merely watch it from afar. He held his watch at the Gates of Heaven, he sang songs about his Father’s greatness, and he communed with the other Seraphs. He did not leave, he did not question.
Real voice? What the hell is it…?
He skids down the steps, his boots doing nothing against the ice. The sky is fucking black—no stars, no moon, nothing. Snow covers everything. Dean doesn’t see any of it. He sees a red sky and fields of wheat. He sees twelve goddamn years ago. And it’s like nothing has changed.
Dean blinked. That second of hesitation, confusion, was more than enough to buy her what she needed. With a starlet smile, all shiny white teeth and full lips, she jerked their hands high, palms pressed together and fingers interlaced.
“What’s her name?”
“You were hip to all this?”
Sam leaned away, pressed up against the moldy wall, and glared right back. “It was your eighteenth birthday, Dean.”
If Dean didn’t know he was staring at himself, he’d have sworn that the man in the mirror was his personal wet dream come to life. Not that he’d ever admit to it, but, in the confines of his own brain, he could be as honest as he damn-well pleased. He was decked head-to-toe in flannel and leather, the spitting image of an honest-to-God cowboy. His feet were stuffed into a pair of butter-smooth brown leather boots, spurs to the side and silver thread drawing paisley designs across the shafts. His dark blue jeans were stuffed inside, all the better to show off the boots and their design (as well as Dean’s calves, if he had to say so himself). His waist was drawn in with a belt that matched the boots, a turquoise buckle the size of his fist holding the two ends together under a worn serape, and a bolo tie laced around the collar of his black, long-sleeved undershirt. A wide-brimmed, real suede Stetson completed the look.
—that Sammy would never have to see.
“Mmm, sounds like a pretty good offer, handsome. But not unless you pass off that note.”
Dean doesn’t give the guard a chance to respond. With another exaggerated wink, he snatches his hand back and walks off.
“The… the woman, next to… Her name’s Anna Milton,” he murmurs.
Dean looked around the courtyard. He didn’t recognize the name, but that didn’t mean much—he didn’t recognize most people. He preferred it that way. Finally, a short brunette near the back stood up. To Dean’s surprise—and, yeah, a little amusement—she looked more irritated than upset, like her biggest concern about having to participate in the Games is that it would screw up her social calendar.
Dean looked down at himself and smirked. “It’s called a
“O…okay. I can… I can take a quick break, if, uh… if you really want me to… show you what I know.”
“She did the spell. She rose the witnesses.”
“Tech wizard? I thought these guys were from 8.”
Sam blinked, still staring at the space at Dean’s chest he’d just occupied.
“The male tribute for District 9 will be Sam Winchester.”
A noise from the wall behind him made him jump, then cuss himself for falling for what was surely one of their little mind games. But, no, it wasn’t a trap. Not an obvious one, anyway. Apparently, the button that triggered the lasers also turned on the TV.
“Just… fuck off, alright? He sweeps his hand through his hair. “There’re rooms upstairs. Pick one, and stay there. Make me a fucking tutu, I don't give a shit.”
Fists raised, pissed as hell at himself for purposely leaving his weapons in his room, he spins around, ready to charge forward.
Dean yanked it back, mouth half-open to ask her what the hell she was doing, but her eyes stopped him. For one, they actually held a hint of emotion, something he’d yet to see in her. For another, that emotion was straight up fear.
Dean holds up his hands, palms out and easy as can be. “Hey hey, I know. I’m not trying to pull one over on you. Promise. I don’t plan on going anywhere. But…”
"Well, if that's all you had for me, perhaps we can get started on your wardrobe. I was thinking something in -"
Trixie clutched at his chest. “
Well, at least there’s one thing this
Much as he didn’t want to, Dean filed away that little nugget of information for later. Forest arenas were popular for a reason—lots of hiding places, lots of opportunities for ambushes. Doing it out in the open like this had a whole different set of complications. But Dean knew how to make it work. Stay low, stay slow, and hoard the ranged weapons.
, is casing you. You learn to tap into signals your body sends you to keep you safe. That chill that rushes your spine. Raises the hair on the back of your neck. Gets your adrenaline pumping. You recognize it, or you die. You manage to spend your whole life like this, like Dean has, and those sensations become second nature.
Balthazar rolls his eyes yet again.
to roll his eyes at him. “My name is Balthazar. I’m going to be your Stylist this year.”
The small part of his brain that used to carry hope around is long dead by now, but the part next to it that reminds him to be charitable every so often blares the thought, “Thank God for Sammy.” Unlike Dean, his genius little brother has at least some sense of… well, sense. The moment the TV screen went blank, he was on his communicator with all of their necessary contacts. Bobby and Jody are already here, both nursing their own glasses and giving him a much appreciated wide berth. More than anybody else in his life, they know exactly what he’s going through right now. Odds are, one of them is getting Reaped, too. They just have to keep their fingers crossed that it won’t be both of them.
Dean refuses to blush, but he does yank his too-tight shirt down as far as it’ll go.
Dean’s blood runs cold. His thoughts from earlier, the ones that chased his brain away from sleep, steamroll right back into him. This holier-than-thou fucking prick is the thing that Sam’s been believing in all these years?
He grabs a fucking bottle of wine and uncorks it with his teeth. It tastes like vinegar and raisins, but he downs the whole thing. He keeps his eyes on the peeling label as he shoves past his brother.
“I ain’t exactly interested in rubbing elbows, Bobby. Figured that’s something I didn’t need to say.”
Dean sipped on his beer. Hell, he might knock her lights out anyway if she kept acting like she was his boss.
Clenching his jaw, he moves back outside and lets the door ease shut behind him.
But that’s exactly what he’s done. There’s no other explanation for how he could be so comfortable having a capital-A Angel creep on him. At least he had enough sense to check on Sammy first. At least he didn’t get complacent there.
on getting caught? On getting Reaped?"
“Just so happens to be the new Gamesmaster’s house, too. Figured I could get a good read on him, too, while I’m at it.”
He pushes the memory of exploding lights out of his head, too, crossing his arms and focusing on Sam instead.
An older angel, larger and more majestic, fluttered to his side, pulled him into her orbit. Her words bled into his consciousness, as did her name—Anna.
Bela was less than impressed. With a roll of her eyes, she jerked her head toward the chariot and sauntered off, obviously expecting him to follow. He gave himself another cursory glance, then did as she wanted. Not because he wanted to appease her, but because even he could read the signs. Chariots out? Music on? Drone cameras whirring? It was almost showtime. The fact that the other Tributes had started gathering near their own chariots only confirmed the fact.
It took them just under two minutes to get dressed and out the door. They’d both fallen asleep in their clothes, as usual, so all they needed was jackets and boots. Dean didn’t bother with breakfast—he knew that neither of them would be able to hold anything down.
Finally, once the suspense has been adequately amped up, she plucks out a card from the center and unfolds it. The drone camera closest to the stage scans it, broadcasting it to the big screens the moment Tessa speaks.
Without another word, she turned on her heel and marched off. The door stayed open behind her.
One of those tangents is the basis for this code. More years ago than Dean cares to count, Cas decided that the best way to keep Dean awake during a stakeout was to talk to him about etymology. Dean didn’t even know what etymology was at the time, and he wasn’t exactly chomping at the bit to find out, but it was just him and Cas, and any conversation was better than charged silence. So, Cas talked about synecdoche. About using related words to replace each other in phrases. “Arm” can mean a whole human body. “Beef” can mean all meat in general. And then Cas talked about homonyms, like “meet” and “meat”, “eight” and “ate”. And then he told Dean about antiquated terms for time, like fortnight (which Dean actually
Sam just sighs. That’s answer enough.
Dean didn’t linger to see if Bobby had anything else to say. If he did, it wasn’t something Dean wanted or needed to hear right now. He gave him the closest thing to a thankful smile he could manage at the moment and high-tailed it the hell out of dodge.
“You dress in drag
Sam clears his throat and tries again.
green. That’s really all he can think to say about it. Ain’t hard to figure out what Balthazar’s goal was—the fabric he made this thing out of is some kind of practically-liquid silk that perfectly matches the color of Dean’s eyes—but it’s about as far from subtle as anyone could get.
Actually, it wasn’t that bad, either. No Capital propaganda or presidential bullshit, just some fashion show. All the men and women on screen had long limbs, long necks, long nails. A few of them even had tattoos on their skin patterned like giraffe pelts. Dean found his eyes narrowing at them. On their own, they might have been pretty, even the men. With the animal skin grafts, they looked like a new breed of monster. Just another mutated fuck he’d need to eventually put down. Trash.
“Oh, you know me,” he said, smirking. “Give me my four hours, and I’m golden.”
For the first time since Lucifer’s big announcement, he lets the full knowledge of his plan sink in. Cas is gonna live. Dean will damn well make sure of that. But Dean himself?
they could
Sun beamed in through the slats in the boarded-up windows, blinding him pretty solidly. The clock on the wall across from him read 8:00 AM. Any minute now, the sirens would start blaring, reminding everyone to get down to the town square for the main event.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. I asked him if he knew about the strange occurrences in town, and he told me to join him out here. Presumably to avoid being overheard.”
“Right. And why would an angel rescue me from Hell?”
“Well, bang-up job so far. Stellar work with the witnesses. That’s nice.”
He swallows and reaches for the whiskey.
Dean clenches his fist and pulls it back. He’s gonna do it. Good behavior for Bobby be damned, he’s gonna lay this son of a bitch out right here, right now. Gabe shakes his head, a soft twitch to the side, as if that’s gonna save him now. He’s just happy that the little squirt actually looks scared.
the rewards once the Games begin.” He winks right at the camera. Dean takes another drink. “Alright, alright. Without further ado, I give you… our President!”
“Castiel Novak. Male Tribute for District 3. Get that note to him, and I’ll owe you.
Somebody—Bobby, he guesses—hefts themselves off the couch. A few pairs of feet echo toward the front door. None of them have heels. It creaks open, snaps shut. Dean keeps his eyes on the floor.
He was used to using the “big brother” tone, had been since well before Dad died. He was also used to not feeling an ounce of the confidence that tone mustered up. He was going to make it through the Games—that wasn’t a question, it was a
He snapped his jaw shut, refusing to give her the courtesy of responding, even if it was to call her a bitch. Fortunately, the train interrupted them before he had to deal with any more of her compliments. With a
Bobby breaks the silence first.
“No Tributes on the stairs.”
With a completely engineered twinkle in his eye, he cocked a hip toward the drone camera and lifted his hand. The District 8 chariot rounded off to the opposite side, leaving the way clear for the platinum seats at the head of the arena. If Dean looked up, he knew he’d see Lucifer staring him down. He couldn’t afford to get his head out of the game, though, so he kept his stare vague enough that it settled just to the right of the president. A bulky, barefaced man with an evil grin stared back. The overhead lights caught his eyes, flashing them bright yellow as they narrowed on Dean’s face. Dean realized his mistake instantly. Fuck knew who this guy was, but he’d rather be staring down Lucifer. Not him.
“Now, bear in mind, these won’t be a perfect fit.
Before he could so much as speak, a sharp boot got him in the knee. Dean hissed, but at least he managed to keep from looking Bobby’s directionؙ—apparently, the old coot had been keeping his history with the Rockettes a secret, what with those high kicks.
“You hear anything from Cas?” he growls.
. Not like the iridescent ultraviolet of his wings, or the invisible glow and pulse of grace that shimmered along the edge of each brethren’s forms. These colors were solid, opaque, and had to be
And he shouldn’t have kept going.
Dean rolls back over, stills. His stomach feels like a lead weight. You spend a year or two in the life, you start recognizing what it feels like when someone, some
Dean forces his attention to the girl on Cas’s left. Another red-head, pale and waifish. She looks like a solid breeze could knock her over. Bobby seems to read his mind.
“Let’s start with the women. This year, the female Tribute for District 9 will be…”
Sam does something on his side of the comm, and two dark-haired kids—a boy with tan skin and a girl with wild, angry eyes—pop up on the screen.
He’d never describe Bobby and Tessa as cold. They just know a lost cause when they see one. They know who’s worth putting their effort into.
“Please, it’s just three entries,” he repeated, solidly knocking him off his train of thought. “It’s barely anything. Most of the kids my age have ten or more! You have, like, forty!”
He died not even five hours into the Games. So has every other kid he’s had to administer his concoction to.
He expected Trixie to keep hopping up and down like a crazy toad, or—better yet—give it up and let Dean get the hell out with at least some of his dignity intact. What he didn’t expect, could never have expected, was to find himself smashed into the wall head-first. He didn’t even have the chance to think about what had happened when a searing pain jolted his shoulder. A pressure point. His legs buckled, and the hand pinching his nerve spun him around. The other sunk into his throat.
“I sincerely doubt it. But you need to know.” He’s got that same dry tone, raspy as sandpaper on gravel. He looks at Dean like he’s about to share the secrets of the universe with him. Dean’s too tired already to tell him he doesn’t want it. “The rising of the witnesses is one of the 66 seals.”
Hasn’t stopped him before, though.
Dean held up his hand, palm mere inches from Castiel’s nose. He wouldn’t meet Castiel’s eye. “Don’t
Sam pulled away, wiping viciously at the tears on his cheeks. “Please, Dean. You can’t do this.”
He closed his eyes, counted to two, and looked back up. The scene hadn’t changed. His baby brother’s name was still broadcasted for the whole world to see. Behind Bela and the blonde, Bobby stumbled back into the wall. Even from the last row, Dean could see the tears in his eyes. His mouth formed a single, short, “No.” He didn’t even reach for his flask.
Sam’s smile fell a bit as he turned the duck out onto the cleanest part of the counter he could find.
Bobby’s voice had Bela up and on her knees in an instant, glaring at Dean with exasperation he was pretty sure he hadn’t earned. Ruby, as usual, didn’t notice—she just flipped another page in her magazine. He ignored both of them. Not that it was hard—there was a good selection of 40s on the shelf next to Bobby’s head. Which meant that he
“There’s a God.”
It says it like it’s some big proclamation. Like he’s suddenly gonna drop his weapons and go, “Oh, God has
“I was hoping they’d send you this year,” he said, slamming the door—loudly—behind him. “I like Ellen just fine, but, man, this year… it’s really gettin’ to me. Three muttations this year, and it isn’t even fucking June yet. Got lucky yesterday, though. Just some rabbits and a duck.”
Dean whipped around, fists clenched. He knew a fucking Capitol accent when he heard one, and this met all the markers, including sounding fake as hell. He expected their bottle blonde escort, even though she hadn’t bothered with the accent up on stage. What he didn’t expect was a girl a head shorter than him with a brunette bob.
He closed his eyes and counted to ten.
this… this…
Dean stared at him, eyebrow cocked.
It’s too risky to sneak out past the fence, but, five days later, Dean does it anyway, wading through poison ivy to reach his dad’s old barn. Bobby’s voice comes to him from twelve years ago, his warning—“Ain’t no way they’ll let you have a gun in there, boy”—but he digs out his old pearl-handled pistol all the same. The sound of bullets piercing the air and that old hay-bale-turned-target echoes through the field for the next four hours. If he had it in him, Dean would smile. Just let someone come and catch him—ain’t no way Lucifer’s gonna let anything take him out before the Games. Besides, he could use some live target practice.
“It doesn’t matter. The seal was broken.”
. And Castiel thought it would be all fine and dandy to go in there, into
—and the words gushed out.
he knew, he just… did. But that’s too close to trusting this thing for his comfort, so he tests Bobby’s pulse all the same. Sure enough, it’s just fine. Ain’t quiet. Ain’t thready. He might as well be sleeping off a hangover.
“Hello, and welcome to the 38
The communicator slides from his hand and shatters on the floor.
The old man looked thoroughly unimpressed. “Figures. And here I thought Sam inherited John’s stubborn streak.”
And he’s never been saved before.
With a roll of his shoulders, he slid from his stool and sidled up to the empty one next to the blender. The bartender stared blatantly, a shot glass hanging from one hand and a dishrag from the other. The pupils of his eyes dilated, and Cas watched closely for the black to totally engulf his stare. It didn’t. And, still, the man continued to watch.
“And what
The guy has the
“Did I?” She fixed a badly acted look of confusion onto her face, drawing one black-lacquered fingernail from her temple down to her chin. If she’d been anyone else, he would’ve shot her a wink. He might have even tried an actual smile. “I don’t know, I mean, it’s just a couple of—”
“It’s good to see you, too, Dean.”
He threw his hands up in the air. “You know damn well
“You’ve got my eyes wherever you want ‘em, sweetheart,” he drawled.
He’s not exactly alert, especially not as much as he should be today, but, somehow, there’s a piping mug of coffee in his hands, and that’ll have to be enough. He manages to down the whole thing before they reach the upstairs bathroom closest to them. He starts to demand another, but Sam shoves him into the shower before he can finish—no words, just a grim frown. He curses—loudly—but nothing past that. Even half awake, he knows not to be too much of a douche today. Besides, it’s not the best shower he’s ever had, but it’s still a shower, and he needs to savor it while he can. Good water pressure, steam even hotter than his coffee. It feels good to wash off the dried spit and sweat and liquor clinging to his skin. He’ll be needing to wash off more than that all too soon.
The evening had started normally enough. He’d been assisting Hannah in tracking down their missing brethren when he’d gotten the call from Dean. Three missing persons suddenly turned up in Belmont, Oklahoma, and neither he nor Sam knew what to make of it. Possession was their first assumption, but none of the victims remembered anything of the past year of their lives. That didn’t fit the modus operandi of either angels or demons. Castiel said as much, not-so-subtly reminding his friend of the mission he’d taken on, but, as usual, Dean steamrolled right over him. For one, he said, if this was a monster that he and Sam couldn’t identify, then odds were that it might be ancient and/or dangerous enough to warrant a helping hand. For another, they couldn’t rule out angelic possession (Sam had spent the better part of four months possessed by Gadreel without ever knowing it, a fact that Dean reminded him of very quietly across the phone), and if angels
Eventually, Joshua moved his wings.
He’ll give him this, though—half-assing it or not, at least he gets done in a hurry. Five minutes into the dress-up game, Balthazar steps back, eyes Dean from head to toe, then smirks and nods.
As always, Tessa didn’t disappoint. Emma still looks young, so fucking young that it makes his stomach clench, but
, and he ain’t gonna have another. Not Cas.
“That would be preferable.” He tacked on, in what he hoped was a nonchalant way, “Just not the storage room. We might be overheard.”
Castiel appraises him in a way Dean wishes wasn’t so familiar. It’s the same look he used to get from teachers in middle and high school, a watered down version of the patented “John Winchester’s disappointed in you” glare. Looks like it’s not only humans Dean lets down. What kind of fuckup does he have to be that monsters are disappointed in him now?
“Yeah, well… This year’ll be a surprise for everyone then, won’t it? First time for everything. I’m headed to bed. Don’t wait up.”
It was a big room. Fancy. Matching cherrywood furniture, king-sized bed already turned down. Washroom off to the side. Probably had a shower bigger than Dean’s own kitchen. Probably spotless in a way Dean would never achieve in anything he owned.
But there was one other thing that set it apart from every other planet. Of all the planes in existence that Castiel in his infinite wisdom could conceive, only this one planet, this imperfect orb of blue and brown and green, had been chosen by God to sustain mortal life.
Dean tried. It’s not like he laid down with the intention of memorizing the ceiling. He knew it’d be easier if he went to sleep, if he at least got a little bit of rest before the shitshow really started. But knowing and trying ain’t the same things as doing. Fifteen minutes in, he knew sleep wasn’t gonna happen. Five hours in, he was proven correct.
of the hotel, out of the Capitol, entirely. Getting it to somebody in the same building would be easier anywhere else, but, here, it’s gonna be trickier, and he knows it.
It takes Dean half a second to realize he’s not alone.
His baby brother’s eyes narrowed into slits, his mouth and chin stuck in scowl mode. A small part of him, one that wasn’t worried about tomorrow, wanted to rag him, clock his jaw and say, “Your face’ll get stuck that way.” Instead, he crossed his arms and glared.
Dean clenches his fists.
Dean really didn’t need to provide so compelling an argument, though. Strange as it still was to contemplate, Castiel had long given up pretending that he wouldn’t rather spend time with Dean Winchester (and Sam, he supposed) than be anywhere or with anyone else in the universe. He’d said as much to both Winchester brothers a number of times. Every monster they’d come across, even his own brothers and sisters, had pointed it out to them, as well. Still, Dean insisted on giving lengthy explanations for why Castiel should agree to accompany them. He assumed it was yet another human ritual he didn’t understand. So, he fulfilled his part and grumbled a bit before acquiescing. He could almost hear Dean’s relieved smile over the line, the note of joy when he commanded Cas to “burn rubber” and call when he got to town.
His brother tries to shrug, but it comes off nervous and skittery. “Maybe their train stopped? There’ve been power outages all over the place. He wouldn’t be able to call if they’re working on it.”
“I am sorry, for what it’s worth.” Balthazar’s shoes clack on the tile. “I had hoped to reach you before the proverbial shit hit the fan. Damned Capitol trains.”
If Dean didn’t know it wouldn’t do him any good, he’d slap the thing. But, then, it doesn’t really seem to be jerking him around, either. Dean asked it a question. The thing just answered literally. Can’t really blame it for that, even if it pisses him off.
“I’m just… gonna… yeah.”
, he reminded himself.
He feels Gabe clench up behind him a second before he fades into the crowd. A muscle in Dean’s jaw twitches—good a hunter as Dean is, there’s no way he’s finding Gabe again tonight.
Dean foregoes the shot glass this time and takes a swig straight from the bottle.
He takes a deep breath, cursing on the exhale, then steps away. Ruby’s knife is exactly where Castiel dropped it, bloodless and scratched. It fits easily into his palm, like every knife has for the last… But he stops himself and shoves it away. It fits just as well in his back pocket.
Bobby takes the remote and turns off the TV.
"Of course, that's not the only brilliant idea our little secret agent had." Dean blinks, crawling back up from the memories, to see Balthazar's legs and arms crossed, eyes narrowed into beady little slits as he no doubt glares down an invisible Cas. "Oh no, he decided that the only thing that could make it better would be to sacrifice himself. Let Luci think he'd won the grand prize, then reveal that it was only him. At least he got that part right, though. I was convinced that they'd kill him on the spot. Apparently, Lucifer is much more petty than I give him credit for."
His eyes flutter open. He’s not sure why, at first. Doesn’t even remember making the decision to stop trying to sleep. He squints, cursing Bobby and that damn floodlight he keeps over the kitchen window, and rolls over to see a trenchcoat by the sink.
Sam's eyes twitch.
“Abaddon,” Bobby introduces. “Cain’s last mentee, before he hung up the towel for good. Cold-blooded, ruthless little bitch. I’ve only had the
Castiel lifts his hands and looks away. And Dean… Dean’s chest does a weird thing, like his heart doesn’t know if it wants to stop beating or go into overdrive. He just made a fucking angel shut it. Nobody ever just shuts up. Not any other monster. Sure as hell not Dad. Fuck, not even Sammy.
He shuddered, struggling to force himself upright again. Trixie, meanwhile, bounced away, the deadly glint in his eye shifting back to that blank, uninterested glee from before.
“Forgot to ask earlier,” he said, “but about that: who’s taking up your post for District 6 anyway?”
Dean shakes his head. Yeah, power outages are a thing, but a train direct from the Capitol shouldn’t be affected by it. Dean’s only ever heard of one Capitol train malfunctioning, and, while that incident involved Cas, too, he sincerely doubts that this is the same situation.
Back then, though, near the beginning of Creation, he held both his tongue and his post without complaint. Not that anything truly warranted complaint. Heaven was vastly different from the ether he’d first inhabited. It was regimented, defined. Every pillar, every step, every room had its place and purpose—nothing was extraneous or unused, nothing fell free. He never tired, nor did he hunger. If he wanted company, there were thousands of other angels he could call upon at a moment’s notice. If he wanted to be alone, he needed only sit at Heaven’s gates. Heaven was perfect, and he was its steely, silent watchman.
“Fine job, kids!”
“I believe that’s worth two entries.”
“You’re as bad as Cas,” he huffs, hoping to cut him off before he can start in on him. “Gotta get both of you two fitted with bells.”
He let his head hang and climbed silent into bed.
“What did he do?” He doesn’t look away from his brother, and no one answers. “Balthazar, what the fuck did Cas do?”
Sam takes a deep breath and takes a step closer. Dean lifts both hands, balled up and ready to go. If he’s being honest with himself, he’s been itching for a fight, and has been for a long damn while.
, that he
“Yeah, well… I don’t know why he didn’t just come with you in the first place. Then he’d already be here and we’d just be waiting on Gabe’s sorry ass.” He grips the edge of the cabinet. “Did he even say why?”
But Sam doesn’t give it to him. Sammy never does.
“Listen up, kid, cause I’m only gonna tell you this once. I am
“Look, Sam…” He ran his hand through his hair. “Damnit, I’m sorry.”
Across the floor, Sam’s spine was rigid, eyes wide like a cornered animal, that damn wrinkle still pressing against his brows. Dean bit back the burn in his throat and clapped him in the shoulder. It wasn’t like there was any comfort he could give him, and it wasn’t like that thought didn’t tear him to pieces. Better instead to pretend that this was just any other day.
sees. Dean sees
“When were you gonna tell me?”
Eyes narrowed, he shoves his finger into Balthazar’s chest. “Me and you ain’t done.”
Slowly, Dean turns around. Sammy’s doing his best impression of a Great Dane in a cat bed, legs hanging off the chair sagging below him, but he still looks every bit as confused and beat up and worried as Dean feels. Despite that hollowed out look in his eyes, Balthazar just looks smug. Dean grits his teeth when the dude lifts his head from Sam to smirk at him.
why Dean had gotten himself into this.
There were two kinds of Capitol trains: the ones that came through every other week to collect the grain harvests, and the ones that came through maybe once a month, tops, straight from the Capitol.
The beady little eyes darken, narrow. Dean’s sure that a lesser man’s hair might stand on end to see it. His doesn’t. He’s faced worse before. Crowley ain’t got nothing on what he’s been up against.
Bela cocked an eyebrow, her curiosity obvious, but neither Dean nor Bobby elaborated. She didn’t need to know the details. Besides, Dean felt stupider than usual for not realizing that already. Of course the Capitol wouldn’t let Bobby and Ellen keep an eye on their kid themselves. Still, though, Jody wasn’t a bad pick. She was plenty capable, and Dean knew she’d do her damnedest to keep Jo alive. Just like Dean would.
The crowd oohs and ahhs in anticipation. Somebody actually fucking gasps. Metatron eats it all right up.
“Can you believe this bullshit?
She didn’t answer. Instead, she hefted herself into the chariot, fluffing her hair and readjusting her hat as she did. Dean huffed, then jumped in after her.
to help him work on his vocabulary.
“Mr. Winchester,” she drawled. “Back so soon?”
Dean scowled. “Nuh uh, dumbass, this is about you. Why’d you do it?”
“I volunteer.”
He never slept the night before Reaping Day. Even before he was old enough to have his name drawn, it just wasn’t something he was capable of. He’d close his eyes, roll over in his cot, and see nothing but bloody kids screaming on their knees. Every now and then, if he managed to drift off enough, those kids turned into Sammy.
“And no shit you didn’t know about it, Sherlock. That ain’t the kinda thing they broadcast to the masses. Gotta wait for the Games to start before you see the full lineup.”
“You’re a
Dean sags forward like his puppet-strings have been cut. Of course. It’s just Bobby.
Jerome gulped. “I’m… oh… fuck. Sorry, man. I just thought that—”
Dean elects to ignore his internal commentary as usual.
Alright, so, he’ll give the guy a pass on Sam, but
Dean smiles, distantly wishing that Sam was
Before Crowley can say anything, Dean leans back, casual as can be, and continues, “Course, it could’ve been too much fun. Risk of being the Gamesmaster and all that.”
Sam lifted his head, eyes squinted against the sun. Damn, he looked so young. Thin, bony, and fucking terrified.
“You didn’t. But I ain’t asking.” Dean opens his mouth, but Bobby plows ahead. “I wouldn’t make you go back there if it wasn’t necessary. But we need the support, and you need to beef up your image. You’re not gonna be the youngest out there, or the oldest, and the only things they remember you for are two people they all think are dead. You need the help, Dean.”
At least for one more night.
The second his back was to it, the door
he told himself, settling against the cold silk pillow.
A much-too-short eight hours later, the limo slows to a stop in front of an ivory mansion with a cast iron gate and a bunch of those damn Harry Potter maze shrubs. Dean pulls at his collar for what has to be the tenth time since he stuffed himself into this monkey suit, but he doesn’t pull his tie loose. He made peace with it in the train car—he’s gonna be on his best behavior tonight. For Emma. For Bobby.
She licked her lips, soft and pale pink. “Come on, boy. You want to make a deal with me, you know what you have to do.”
Strange.
But, today, everything has taken on a blurry, rainy window quality and even his skin smells like whiskey. He hasn’t slept for thirty-seven hours. He hasn’t put down the bottle in sixty-five.
The crowd on the TV goes nuts. Bobby curses loudly. Jody’s coffee cup smashes on the floor. Lucifer snaps his fingers, quieting the crowd before him so he can keep talking, but Dean doesn’t hear a word he says.
The crowd is still. At the liquor cabinet, Bobby curses loud enough that Sam jumps. “
Sam huffs. “Oh yeah? Like you did with Jo?”
he thought.
His mouth ticks down on one side, slight enough that nobody in the crowd will notice, but Dean does. Promotion his ass. Gabe got himself this job the dirty way. He’s not feeling charitable enough yet to think it might be to keep Cas safe, but he does wonder just what the little dude had to sell of himself to get here.
Bobby’s voice had Dean stopping in his tracks. Bobby Singer was not sugary sweet kinda man. “Gruff” was more like it; “pissy”, if Dean felt like being honest. This was neither of those things—Bobby sounded like he’d dug himself out of his own grave.
“They’ll be here,” he mutters. “I bet Gabe just got distracted by some of his models or something. They know how important this is.”
Softly, more than he’d done since both of them were babies, he pushed Sam away. His legs shuddered when he stood to his feet, but he locked his knees, set his jaw. It was as automatic as the machines he worked on every day—Sam didn’t need to see past it.
Hobbling, he lurches forward and grips the man tight around the middle. Bobby doesn’t hesitate to crush him right back.
That said, even he knew that there were a limited number of ways to interpret a kiss, especially one that included a hand at the front of his pants and a warm tongue in his mouth.
He didn’t stick around to see the bitch face Sammy was no doubt shooting at him. Careful of the funeral procession—and that’s really all the crowd was, Capitol be damned—he wound his way over to the grain dispensary on the other side of the road. A single guard stood watch outside, gun at the ready. Dean shot him a look, lips parted and eyes wide, and the man just looked the other way. Inside, Dean swallowed the bile and thanked God that the guard’s mask hid the stupid little smirk Dean could
Sam bites his lip, eyes boring into his communicator. “Nothing, man. Called him three times, but nothing.”
“Anyway. Guess it’s time to shop talk if we’ve just got ten minutes.”
“Bobby?”
Dean tried to shake him again, get him to answer his damn questions, but Sam slapped his hands away. Dean actually had to take a step back. He didn’t know if he should be proud, or worried, or angry.
The drone camera zooms in, lingering on her long fingernails.
Dean manages to trip while standing completely still. “Uh, wanna run that by me again?”
Yep. Wet-dream incarnate.
Phlegm catches in his throat. He swallows it back like the pro he is and squares his shoulders.
of the problem Dean has with this.
Dean huffs a single, short breath of laughter and keeps moving. “I know, buddy, no worries. Ain’t my first rodeo.”
“There is a certain… brilliance about it. The way it perseveres, even in the face of such torment. All for the chance to find something new. Not even the promise of something better—just new. Imagine how resilient the next generation might be. And the next. I must admit, I prefer the trees and the flowers, but still, this… this is something special.”
“Hey, hey, Sammy,” he murmured, stroking back his long hair. “‘s alright. Gonna be okay.”
He flicks the remote again. Cas’s face—and Anna’s—vanishes.
The thought makes him clench his fists, so he pushes past it.
to believe they could be that way without a divine helping hand. They don’t think they’ve earned that goodness with their own blood, sweat, and tears. No, it has to be some kind of undeserved gift from a doting, Heavenly father.
His being, vast and incorporeal, shimmered against the beams and rays that shone from seemingly everywhere at once. His feathers, new and somehow damp, fluttered against the brand new breeze. It was magnificent. It was perfect.
Sam jumps a little in his seat. "You mean... Cas
Sam’s eyes went big, but, to his credit, he didn’t back off. “Tell you what?”
Bobby clicks the remote, and the Capitol news program disappears. In its place is a blank, dark-green grid with a spinning dais in the center, the same screen they use every year to show off the Tributes once the reaping is over. Sam must have hacked into a District 1 broadcast to get this. Either that, or Balthazar proved himself useful for once and got the intel for them. For now, though, Dean doesn’t bother to ask. He’ll find out later.
Dean took a deep breath and made a break for it. The gap under the fence was just high enough that he could skid right under without touching it. Just a year ago, he barely even had to duck. At eighteen, he almost grazed his arms every time he went under. His only hope was that he’d finally stopped growing—six feet was plenty.
“Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!”
There was only one door at this end of the train, so he didn’t have to wander around for long. A tap to the keypad on the left, and he was in. Like the entry door, it slid shut whisper quiet as soon as he was inside.
“You shouldn’t have—”
Behind him, Sam cleared his throat.
Sammy turned around, but the guards were already right there, their stupid gloved hands bearing down on his shoulders. His baby brother was shaking.
“Alright, alright, enough with the chick-flick moment. Just go pluck the damn thing while I start the fire, kay?”
The victors from 2 look every bit as badass as they usually do, but nowhere near as young. The man is practically ancient, a bear of a dude with long hair and an epic beard, both streaked with grey. His eyes twinkle in a way that makes Dean think of the Grim Reaper dressed as Santa Claus. It wouldn’t take a genius to peg the guy as Cain Adamson, victor of the very first Games, highest damn number of kills that anyone’s ever seen—all 23 of his competitors. Dean didn’t think the guy was still alive. Obviously, he was wrong.
“Good to know you got
Dean shrugs. “It’s either that or my perky nipples.”
Maybe… maybe he could play dead? Have Jo pretend to kill him, then “miraculously” wake up well after the Games had ended and Jo had won? Or maybe he could find a way to sneak Jo out past the forcefield? He knew the forcefield existed—he remembered last year’s Games, when some poor bastard launched himself at it and promptly exploded like tomato soup in a balloon—but it had to have a weak spot. All machines, even virtual ones, had a weak spot.
He hangs up and dials again.
With a low grunt, he kicked in the creaky door and shouldered his way inside. He ditched the gun first thing, sliding it out of his pants and into its holster next to a rotted hay bale. It jingled when he took a handful off the top—there were still a good hundred cases of bullets stuffed inside it. In that regard, at least, Dad hadn’t left Dean wanting.
Dean was pretty sure that he and Bobby were prepared for anything when they walked into this barn in middle-of-nowhere, Illinois. Vampires, aliens, Hellboy, the freaking Joker—Bobby apparently had a sigil for all of it. Just one look at the walls (and ceiling, and floor) of the place is a testament to that. And that isn’t even counting the arsenal of iron stakes, silver knives, and salt-rounds they’d dragged out of the truck. Not that Dean was some slouch. He had three guns. He had Ruby’s knife. He had his plucky, can-do attitude. They could handle this, even without Sam.
shut. Dean clenched his fists, annoyed at the way the hairs stood up on the back of his neck. Everything in the Capitol was a spy, tech and vehicles included, so it wasn’t a surprise that the train doors knew when they were all set. Didn’t make it any less disturbing.
“I thought angels were supposed to be guardians. Fluffy wings,” not jet black ones, “halos,” not human hair, “you know, Michael Landon,” not diet Dr. Sexy with no game and a trenchcoat. “Not dicks.”
Hunger Games, we have decided… well, let me not spoil the fun myself. I’ll have plenty of time to
, doesn’t that say enough?”
Bobby, meanwhile, had an eyebrow arched and his arms crossed in front of his chest.
There’s no real heat behind the words, but there could be. Very easily. Balthazar seems to reach the same conclusion, and, while he looks insulted as hell, he keeps his trap shut and marches himself off.
And all the wires. Every spare inch of sky was filled with wires, cords, cables, stretched taut and buzzing with electric energy. He could feel the unnatural hum like hooks in his soul. If he didn’t keep it together, it would tear him apart.
---------------------------
The wind knocks up some sand from the playpen, and Dean blinks to keep it from getting in his eyes. When he opens them, there’s a
Castiel smirks. Not quick enough, though. Expressionless as this thing is, Dean’s starting to get the hang of it. He saw that a few of his barbs landed. He’s not sure which ones, but, at this moment, he doesn’t care.
“You know, there is
“I’m well aware. Moses has been dead for thousands of years. And he was able to witness a manifestation of my Father’s light without injury. A personal visitation from the Host wasn’t necessary.”
“So, how much do you know about Dodge City, Deano?”
, Dean thinks. It doesn't matter that a bullet to the brain wouldn't do her much good considering that he shoved a knife through her guts a solid ten years ago, he'd still resurrect the bitch just to do it all again.
, Dean thinks to himself, pouring another shot as his gigantor baby brother wanders in. Jody marches in after him, hands shoved into the pockets of her brown leather jacket. She shares a look with Bobby that Dean catches in the glass. It’s enough to confirm his suspicions that everyone in the house has been talking about him behind his back.
Quiet as he can, he turns the handle and eeks the door open. The movie screen constantly on play behind his eyes flashes every scene he can imagine—a young blonde swinging from a noose, face-down on the carpet with a hole in her head, belly-up in the tub with her wrists slit. He’s almost convinced himself he’s seen all of it for real when his eyes finally settle on a swathe of light hair across the pillows. She’s turned away from the door, but he can tell from here that she’s breathing. Her chest’s still moving. She’s still alive.
Watching Dean.
Sorry for the ridiculous wait, guys. I don't know how many of you are actually following this story (if anyone is), but I've been terrifyingly busy since about March. Here's hoping that I'll have enough time from now through the end of the year to get some more writing done. And, as always, please feel free to leave me feedback.
“Dean…”
“… District 3’s male Tribute will be…”
. Two great black wings. Big enough to fill the fucking barn, made out of the fucking thunder.
good thing about all of this.” Sam laughs humorlessly, more like a single, aborted cough. “Well, if you can call it ‘good’.”
Dean hadn’t moved since they escorted him and Bela into the Justice Building. He didn’t know where they’d put her—there weren’t too many rooms in the concrete condo—but he would’ve been lying if he’d said he’d given it much thought. He’d be lying if he said he’d given anything at all much thought.
“Onto the main event!” the man shouts, clapping his hands in front of his face. The camera pans out to show a top-heavy blonde with dimpled chipmunk cheeks, probably close to Jody’s age and wearing a similar outfit, and a waiflike redhead with big doe eyes. There’s nobody on the male side of the stage.
“And that brings our little Sammy down to…” She paused to cap the pen, shooting him another syrupy smile. “Five entries.”
Jerome pushed off of him with a cough, a string of saliva hanging between his mouth and Castiel’s. Unthinking, Castiel severed the line with his tongue. Jerome gulped, visibly, his already dark eyes growing darker. Castiel strongly suspected that it was only the sound of both brothers clearing their throats that reminded the boy they’d been interrupted.
Bela clenched his palm, and he was back in the chariot. Just before they reached the front of the queue, just like Trixie told them to, Dean and Bela whipped out their wrists. A jolt went through Dean’s sleeve, and, then, sure enough, there it was: a pistol. A starter’s pistol, but still—no one in the audience would know the difference. A matching one, worn and rusted for effect, materialized in Bela’s hand.
“She did.” Dean shot off his most charming smirk. “I didn’t.”
He’s being as subtle as a trashcan fire, but he doesn’t care. If they aren’t gonna have this conversation out in the open (and, yeah, he admits that it’s a stupid idea, even if it’s the only thing he wants right now), he’s at least gonna get as close to clear answers as he can get. He ain’t in the mood to play codeword.
The light changed. It was subtle, at first, but Dean hadn’t gotten where he was by ignoring signals. The mountains that surrounded the windows dipped, fading to hills, then bumps, then flat ground and, finally, water. Orange sunlight bounced off it and straight into the train car, painting everything like an old timey photograph. The train started to slow.
The guy clapped his hands together. “See!? You get it!”
“Nah, just me until 7. But it’s the lunch crowd. They can wait, uh… fifteen minutes?”
“It’s Jo.”
Sam shook his head violently, curling into Dean even tighter. He closed his eyes and allowed it for another second. Just one. If he let himself have more, if he let it sink in what had happened, what was
If Dean could get away with it without dislodging his furry toga and showing even more skin, he’d slap himself in the face. All this work trying to reach Cas, and he’s all but forgotten that there are other Tributes out there. He’s a fucking idiot.
what he wants, and it’s puny and selfish and useless. What he wants, more than anything in the universe, is to hate this thing. Just on principle. Just because it exists. It’s real, and God is real, and neither of them lifted a damn finger to save any of the people Dean’s watched die. Not Mom. Not Dad. Not Sam. But himself? Yeah, it just yanked him right out of Hell. And Dean and this thing both know that he doesn’t deserve that. He deserves to burn. If he didn’t, why would it threaten to throw him back in the Pit? He knows a bluff when he sees one, and this ain’t it.
“Buddy, next time, lower the volume.”
, the doors slid open right in front of them. Standing in the middle, eyes on her fingernails, was the woman from the Capitol who’d read out their names.
He reached out his hand for Dean’s. Reluctantly, he tossed it over, too. It wasn’t real, but it was still a gun, and Dean couldn’t deny that he felt a hundred times more comfortable with it in his hand.
He held onto that reminder like a lifeline as Bobby staggered upstage, flanked by two guards in their Stormtrooper get-ups and a fancy-ass blonde with near-black eyes. Dean rolled his own—apparently, she liked the new Capitol trend of black-out contacts. Personally, Dean ranked it on the same level as douchebags who wore sunglasses indoors. But he kept his eyes on her and Bobby. It was better than rewatching that reel of John onscreen.
“Dean!”
A man in a black suit materializes from the crowd, hopping to Crowley’s side like the little troll he no doubt is. He leans down to whisper in the guy’s ear, and, when Crowley swats him away just a few seconds into it, dutifully bounces away. Dean rolls his eyes—yep, lackeys are all the same.
“I’m… looking for someone. For something, in particular. Where have you been the last year?”
“Sam! SAM!”
“Believe it or not, Sammy, all I was thinking about
And, then, it was over. The chariots turned and went off in separate directions, each into a different hole cut into the side of the stadium. The gate slammed behind them. The chariot slowed. Bela and Dean slid out the back. Bobby and Ruby stood at the end of the hall, half-hidden in the poor lighting.
… the Tributes will all be Victors from previous years.”
“Seriously, what’d you catch?”
“For our second ever Quarter Quell, our 50
“Those seals are being broken by Lilith.”
“Yeah, well,
Dean kicked open the door and scraped his dirty boots off on the “Welcome Home!” mat, the only thing left of their old house in the Victor’s Village—
“Twenty-two, soldier to the core. I know she don’t look like much, but… she’s another to watch out for. She has the highest kill rate of any of the victors here. Well, second highest.”
That lead weight gets heavier. He’s only been topside for a week, and, already, it’s getting to him. Instead of honing those nerves, making him better at noticing the evil he’s been face-to-fucking-face with for 40 goddamn years, it’s made him soft. Compared to Hell, to the rack, Bobby’s feels safe. He should know better than that, though. He should know better than to take that safety for granted.
“Of course.”
He raps his knuckles against the slick wood. “Hey, kid, we got company. Can you come out for a sec?”
“Right,” he snorted, “who the hell can stop this?”
“There were people getting torn to shreds down here! And, by the way, while all
For a long moment, Dean thought that Sam might punch him. It wouldn’t be the first time, but it would certainly be the first time in a good long while. They hadn’t fought like that since Dad died.
got right. He’s sure as fuck out of faith. He wants it to be a lie. Fucking
He stays in just long enough to wake up, more because of Sam’s insistence than any actual sense of urgency. If he had his way about it, he’d stay until the water turned cold, and that’s a long ass time in this house. The water heater is probably the size of the bedroom he had as a kid.
Two pairs of feet puttered around his door. Dean wiped the sweat off his face and drew himself up in his chair, begging his body to stop shaking for at least one goddamn minute. If it was the guards, he didn’t want them to see him like this. If it was Bobby, he didn’t want to be a snot-nosed kid. He was a man—had been since Mary died, it seemed—but, even if he wasn’t, now would have been the time to become one. Time to stop crying. Time to talk to strategy. Time to figure out –
Dean took a step closer, gritting his teeth.
Again, Dean’s words die in his mouth. The guy walking through the door—and leaving it wide open, he notes—isn’t Gabe. Isn’t Cas, either. It’s plain as day that he’s just as much from the Capitol as the two of them, though. He’s tall—not as tall as him or Sam but probably close to Cas—and clean, and everything about him
Dean closed his eyes, and, for half a second, he saw John, tired and ragged just like he was the last morning he’d spent alive. “You keep Sammy safe,” he’d whispered, brushing back Dean’s hair as he did. “You take care of your brother.”
Balthazar ain’t Gabe, but he ain’t bad.
“Why break the seal anyway?”
is real. The sigils, the weapons, the tools, Bobby—this is real. This is what matters. Thinking, worrying, about anything else is just a trip to the loony bin waiting to happen. And that isn’t something he can afford. He’s got things to hunt. People to protect. Sammy to look after. The fuck cares what some
Bile catches where the phlegm used to be in his throat. Fine, this thing is an angel. Whatever. But vessel, meatsuit—it’s all the same fucking thing. Different terminology for the exact same crime. And to think he was
Dean socked him in the jaw, and he went down. Three other guards rushed forward, guns drawn and cocked. There wasn’t another sound for miles. Even the birds were quiet. But John Winchester’s voice was loud and clear in Dean’s head.
“The male tribute for the Fiftieth Annual Hunger Games will be Dean Winchester.”
She shakes her head, but at least she takes another swig. Her cheeks are getting redder by the second, and he’d feel bad about getting her drunk for the second time today (and probably the second time in her entire life) if he wasn’t sure she’d end up blacking out again. God knows blackouts have saved him more times than he can count.
Dean glances once more at the now-empty park bench, a goofy little smirk lifting one side of his face. Dick or not, if Dean had to get saddled with an ally, he’s glad that it’s one with superpowers.
Bela cocked her eyebrow. A few people in the audience actually fucking gasped. Sam’s mouth had fallen open. Bobby had stopped dead. Dean saw it all, but he didn’t look. Rigid as a rock, he stared straight into that pair of black eyes.
“And, now, for the men.”
Dean snorts. “Listen, you’re a site for sore eyes, Bobby, but I ain’t in the mood to give a striptease.”
“Just wanted to ask you a question.”
Solid as a rock, he thrusts his hand toward his brother. “Sam, comm. Now.”
That’s not a lesson Dean ever figured out. He doesn’t think he’s gonna suddenly get it tonight.
He flushed, red overtaking the brown on his cheeks. “That’s a line I ain’t heard in a while. You, uh… you been waiting for me that long?”
“Woah, don’t hurt yourself, princess.”
The goal at this point is to post a new chapter every week.  We'll see how that goes :S
He shot himself another glance in the mirror, and then they were off.
Dean fiddled with the hospital-dressing-whatever-gown he’d been stuffed into, fists clenched and fuming.
“Well, maybe not a party. You’d be better off trying to get some sleep.”
A small part of Dean’s brain high-fives itself, shouting,
Dean’s eyebrows jumped into his hairline. “You’re not serious.”
“You’re my brother, too, and I can take care of myself.”
“You need anything, Dean?”
There was only one chance of denying this. Wings or not, he could still maintain that this is all a trick. Fucking Chris Angel can make fancy shadow puppets. Who the fuck knows what Castiel is capable of?
Dean scoffed and jumped to his feet. “Screw this. I’m outta here.”
Rubbing at his eyes, Dean walks back over to the velvet couch in the middle of the car. He leaves on his boots, the mud-caked ones he saves for yardwork, and kicks up his legs till he’s horizontal, one laid out along the armrest, the other draped over the back of the couch. Clods of dirt spray over everything. He huffs at the hollow little victory.
Castiel was not an expert at human interaction.
“To stop Lucifer.” The name steals whatever breath he had left.
An older brother, magnificent and gentle in a way Castiel was unused to, laid his being across Castiel’s and stayed him in the muck. Like Anna before him, all those eons ago, Castiel knew this brother he’d never met instantly.
“Dean!”
Castiel took a long sip from the whiskey he’d ordered, glad for the time being that his tolerance level was up to par again. His eyes roamed the bar, stilling only when Dean prayed to him that they were safely in the storage room. Now, all he had to do was keep anyone from going back there for the next ten or so minutes.
But then he saw the person in front of him and thought he probably didn’t need to.
sorry about Cas. If I'd known what he was planning... Look, all I was trying to say is, you and I both know how the Games work. I don’t like it any more than you do, but… Dean, you
“And there are other battles, other seals. Some we’ll win, some we’ll lose. This one we lost. Our numbers are not unlimited. Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of Heaven should just follow you around? There’s a bigger picture here.”
Castiel’s eyes widened so far he could feel them moving against his brow. “Dean, I have no idea what you're talking about.”
is the disappointment here. “I told you.”
That need to mess with Cas is just a small part of Dean, though. The rest of him keeps casting glances at the angel over his shoulder and wondering what in the hell changed and when. The last time he spoke to Cas, he’d been reeling in all of the worst ways while Cas straight up threatened to kill Sam if he didn’t stop his extracurricular activities (and okay, apparently Dean isn’t the only one checking boxes in the “Supernatural Allies” column, but at least Dean’s isn’t some demon). Well, the last time they spoke in person, anyway. Dean wasn’t about to mention it to Sam, but he’s spoken to Cas a lot more in his dreams than he has in the real world. After that first time, dude got it in his head that the best way to get ahold of Dean was to invade his.
At that, Dean couldn’t help but chuckle, even as he pounded again at the wall. “The fuck’s it matter to you? I’m just one more dead guy walking. All you Capitol stooges want is a bloodbath, why bother dressing me up first?”
Bobby and Jody both ship out two days later. They take their time saying goodbye to Sam, their whispers carrying just enough for Dean to hear the voices but not the words. They don’t do or say anything to Dean. It’s an unspoken promise, one that hangs around the house like smoke. One or both of them will be seeing him again in the Capitol soon enough.
To his own surprise, Dean actually laughed. In a way, he was kind of glad—he had no idea how the hell to respond to such a stupid question, so it was a good thing that his body took over for him.
“Cut the crap, Sam.” He yanked the amulet off over his head. “When were you gonna tell me this fucking thing was bought with blood money?”
And that’s the worst part, isn’t it? He knows he fucking deserves to go back down there, but just the thought of it has him two seconds from falling to his knees and begging like a damn baby. He deserves every second of it, but, fuck, he doesn’t
Dean rolled his eyes at himself as he pressed the pad beside the door. The solid steel slid open, shining briefly with reflected light, and then a room of blue velvet and dark wood took its place. Ruby was already camped out in the corner, looking at some magazine that, from what Dean could tell, advertised Capitol fashion and gossip. He didn’t care to investigate it any further than that. Bela was splayed out on a hideous couch, one of those fancy long ones with clawed feet and no back or arms, looking every bit as bored as usual. Bobby was sipping from his flask and tapping his fingers on the bar.
“Did you hear a damn thing I said, boy?” Bobby rolls his eyes, then nabs the whiskey bottle off the table to pour himself another couple of fingers. “Given all that,
“Yeah, about that. Balthazar,” and, God, it’s such a stupid thing to love about the old codger, but seeing him roll his eyes that hard about that Capitol prick has Dean’s heart growing about three times bigger, “packed it for you. Some fancy silk number. Told me not to get it dirty.”
Dean’s mouth creaks open, and, of course, the first thing to slip out is, “Fergus?”
With that thoroughly enlightening announcement, Sam stumbled off down the alley, knocking into a trashcan on his way. Dean didn’t so much as flinch. Nor did Castiel.
Sam’s foot touched the middle aisle, two guards near the stage closing in, and that was it. Dean was running before he even realized he’d told his body to move.
“You have a coworker to take over for you?”
grateful for the help. Might have to give you a tip.”
“Take care of your—damnit, Sam, you could get yourself killed over this! All over some stupid, fucking…” His fingers clench around the amulet. “Jesus, Sammy, you’re supposed to be the smart one!”
Dean holds one hand up. “Don’t. Don’t give me any crap.”
Jerome gulped. Loudly.
“stylist”, from his frou-frou blonde hair to his satin fucking
Still, Dean wasn’t in the mood to argue. Especially not with Bobby. He cocked his shoulder toward the opposite end of the train, wordlessly asking if “his” room was that way. It took Bobby a second, his eyes thick with that glassy, faraway look Dean hated to see, but he eventually nodded. Just once. Short and stiff.
Cas stares out at him, beaten but unbroken. Standing straight as ever.
But he doesn’t.
A barely-there touch to Dean’s back had him following the guy back to the cot. He had no fucking idea what to make of this stylist, but he was 99% sure of two things at this juncture: 1) he was batshit crazy, and 2) he was telling the truth.
“Yeah, ‘okay’. I’ll be just fine, Sammy. And I’ll get out and come back and it’ll be like nothing ever changed.”
He doesn’t wanna think what that says about Emma, so he doesn’t.
Bobby huffs, again, then wanders over to the spread of liquor on the counter. They never stock rotgut on Capital trains, but this one does have a rum close to 150 proof. It’s probably for lighting mixed drinks on fire or some hoity toity shit like that. Bobby just pours himself half a scotch glass of the stuff and downs it like cheap soda.
“Well, I guess District 9 has its first ever volunteer.”
“Like you said,” he continues gruffly, “can’t really go anywhere myself. But
Dean growls.
Mr. and Mrs. Moore from the barley farm at the other end of town brought up the rear. No kids, just tearstained napkins and shaking hands. Sam’s eyes followed them like a spectator at a train wreck, desperate to look away and unable to make himself. Their daughter, Jessica, had been in Sam’s grade, a tall, lanky girl with wavy blonde hair and a sweet smile. She was the first real crush Sam had ever had. This would make a year since she’d been pinned to a tree and burned alive, an early casualty of the 37
He’s already got the note ready. It’s short. Coded, but not enough that Cas will need a key or anything chemical to crack it. For all Dean knows (and maybe hopes), Cas might even get a kick out of it. Might understand that it means Dean really does listen to him.
“Is safe, too. Safe as any of us, anyway.” He takes a deep breath and shrugs. “She’s already unpacked and set-up in the Capital with Caleb and Annie Hawkins.”
But maybe he should. Maybe he should’ve kept spiraling, kept himself from masking up, from protecting himself. He can see in Castiel’s eyes that it hasn’t done him any good. He’s done winning, if he ever managed to win anything in the first place. It’s a losing game from here on out.
“Guess I’ll just go naked. That’ll definitely get me some attention.”
… “There’s no such thing.”
head, and… and say what he said.
He doesn’t get the chance to say anything before holo-Sam leans forward, eyes narrowed and squinty.
The old grouch lifts his arms, as if asking Dean who the hell else it could be. That’s enough to convince Dean he’s not dreaming. This gesture is just too real.
In a tight leather skirt that hugged her thighs and showed off her neat, tan legs, Bela looked the perfect cowgirl counterpart to his cowboy. She wore heeled, bright red cowboy boots and a matching vest that hugged her breasts. She was still short, even for a girl, but the shoes put her a little closer to Dean’s height. Made them seem a little more equal. United.
That’s how he found himself on a barstool fifteen minutes later, trench coat stuffed in the trunk of the Impala and his hair artfully restyled by Dean. The moment reminded him of the previous year, when Dean had helped him get ready for what he’d thought would be a date with Nora. He said as much. Sam quirked an eyebrow, one corner of his mouth arched up in a half-smile. Dean paled and muttered at Cas to shut up.
“What was that?”
He looks away. And then, standing next to a punchbowl that reeks of sugar and vodka even from across the yard, he sees him.
They held them high and fired away.
Dean and Bobby shared another quick glance. Much as he hated it, and much as he wanted to not talk about anything, especially this, Dean had to admit he was impressed. So was Bobby, by the look of things. From what Dean had heard from his dad and the other victors, most kids buckled under the pressure and went quiet once the reaping set in. Bela didn’t give a fuck. And it wasn’t just an act—you didn’t talk about stuff like this the way she did if you were actually scared.
Beside him, Emma is standing stock still, spine stiff. He nudges her in the side, and, when that doesn’t work, lets his eyes wander to the only thing about these fucking parties he likes: free bar and buffet. With a grunt, he steers her away from the crowd of suits and fancy dresses to shove her at a cart decked high in tequila and schnapps. He grabs the nearest bottle, not bothering to look at what it is, and shoves it in Emma’s hand. She blinks, then looks down, a wrinkle between her pretty blonde brows. It almost makes Dean smile.
A moment passes—a long one—before Metatron waves his hands again to settle the crowd. He clears his throat and lets himself look a little more serious. Well, as serious as he can look with that goofy looking twitch in his eyes like a kid about to get a cookie. “As you all know, we here in the Capitol like to spice things up every now and then. We like to call these momentous occasions the Quarter Quell.”
“Well?”
With a roll of his shoulders, he elbows Bobby out of the way and takes the second shot for himself. The rum goes down about as smooth as he expected it to, and it takes a little more willpower than he can really afford to muster to keep from coughing it up all over both of them. Still, he does it.
The limo doors swing open automatically, beeping quietly as if that’s a more polite way of telling them to get the fuck out. Dean counts to five to keep from rolling his eyes and throws himself out instead, careful not to catch his suit on anything. He catches a glimpse of himself in the shiny white side of the car as Bobby, Emma, and Tessa slide out behind him. Like his outfit for the Reaping, he’s gotta admit that Balthazar didn’t do a bad job. And at least he didn’t go with green again. No, this time, he’s in a
It’s all a dull beat in the back of his brain when Sam’s giant ape hands slap him awake and haul him off the couch.
“Bunch o’ rich folks—extra rich, not plain ol’ Capital rich—are throwing a shindig a couple blocks up from the hotel. Figured it’d be a good chance to drum up business with potential sponsors.”
It was Creation.
They’re just brown. No funky colors like he’d have expected. But the narrow, calculating glint lets him know that height ain’t the only thing he’s underestimated with this one. He smells like Capital filth.
Dean rubs his hands over his knees, fingers digging into the holes of his jeans. The Capitol’s theme music blares on the TV—the counter in the top corner lets them know they just have one more minute till the real fun starts.
of meeting her once.” He rolls up the sleeve of his flannel. His skin is pinched with a scar that looks suspiciously like a bitemark. Dean can’t help but sneer a bit—“bitch” is right, it seems. “She doesn’t do allies, she doesn’t do strategy. She goes in for the kill, and she’s got the skill to back that kinda thinkin’ up. My advice? Get as far away from her as quick as you can once you’re in there. And the same advice goes for our last two ‘friends’.”
Flipping her hair over her shoulder, she stepped across the people in her row to get to the middle aisle. The drone camera zoomed in close, picking up her steely eyes and pouty mouth. The screen never flickered toward the audience. If Dean had been a good person, he might’ve pitied her—the only thing that meant was that she had no friends or family whose horrified reactions the Capitol could milk. When this girl died, nobody was gonna care at all. And everything about how she held herself said that she knew it, too.
Dean gave a final, cursory glance around the rotted wood, then snatched the second sack from the ground and headed out.
By the time he had the answer to that question, the rules had changed, and he had slaughtered a fair number of his own siblings by his own hand.
Sure enough, Bobby set his flask on the table and rolled his eyes.
“Alright alright, enough from the peanut gallery.” He casts his eyes around until they finally settle on a fur throw over the back of the couch. “And to think I was actually glad to see your ugly mug.”
His first reaction, upon touching ground, was awe. If “awe” could, indeed, describe such a sensation sufficiently. Much as his Father’s light had done all those eons ago, the Earth in all its glory was overwhelming. Mystifying. The colors he’d seen from a distance were so much richer, brighter, in person. The air touched his grace like a gentle whisper, even as it wailed and howled around him. It smelt lively and thick and fresh. Had he the need for air, he surely would have been breathless.
, landing heavily in the wheat below. Dean smirked and lowered his gun.
Dean can feel Sam' staring at him. He can, and he ignores it. They're both thinking the same thing, probably, though he's sure that Sam's being a lot more charitable about it. Dean's brain is a constant loop of, "Cas, you fucking idiot." But it's a shallow anger. Cas takes everything way too damn literal, and Dean's known that from the start. So when he made Cas promise to do whatever he had to to keep Sam safe...
If his knees weren’t wobbling, he’d have his hands wrapped round its neck, holding till its eyes turned red and it ran out of breath.
Edit: Sorry guys, not exactly a new chapter. I realized after I introduced Gabe that I hadn't written any interactions between Dean and Bela, and I needed at least something to set up the tension between them. So, new content, but not exactly a new chapter. I'll see what I can do to fix that soon.
is an angel, then that means it has the power to raze hell. To destroy demons. And that means it could have gotten Azazel. It could have stopped Meg. Alistair. It could have saved their mom. It could have saved Sam. It could have stopped Dean from going to hell. And what did it do instead? It blinded poor Pamela. It wrecked a hotel room like some Hollywood A-lister on a bender. It destroyed a gas station and Dean’s eardrums.
Angel or not, it’s just another monster.
“Does she know?”
“No. These things are new. Ain’t seen one up close yet, but they leave pawprints like dogs. I’ve heard some of the guards call ‘em Hell Hounds.”
“Yes, miracle of miracles, I’m talking about
He winks and elbows Dean in the rib too rough to be friendly, but Dean doesn’t budge.
“That’s why we’ve arrived.”
Curious, tentative, he opened his mouth, allowing his tongue to just barely graze against Jerome’s. In return, Jerome’s whole mouth seemed to vibrate, a force that began in the base of his throat and ended on the roof of Castiel’s mouth. He licked after the sound, the sensation, more because of that same curiosity than desire, but it must have been the right call all the same. Jerome fell against him with wobbly knees and desperate hands, digging hard and fast into Castiel’s hips.
Behind him, Sam rocks from foot to foot, hands flapping against his pants pockets. In the reflection, Dean can see Jody and Bobby shooting them both nervous glances. Dean grits his teeth and turns from the cabinet.
“Yeah. I guess.”
If he had a brain like Sammy’s, that would’ve been one thing. That would’ve at least given him a reason for his brain to act like its own perpetual motion machine. He didn’t, though. It was just a Dean brain. Useless for anything but hunting and taking care of his brother. And all it could do while the train chugged forward was dwell on the past. Especially the past few hours.
Usually, that don’t matter. Right or wrong, you can still be a dick. And Castiel is definitely a dick. But Dean still can’t hate him. Not even with his brain detached and bricked up behind the only wall left that can give it an illusion of safety.
Bela didn’t bother to answer. In his other palm, she ticked off her fingers. Three… two… one…
Castiel keeps staring at him. Into him. Through him. But, for just a split second, he might as well not even be there. All Dean sees is Alastair. All he sees is the rack, and all of the godforsaken demons that spanned its depths. Every pair of black eyes. Every river of blood. Every broken soul in fire and tar and gunk.
“I did.” Sam looks every bit as confused as him, a thick line drawn between his eyebrows. “I don’t know what’s going on.”
For all of the above, he ain’t about to just let everything slide. Angel or not, ally or not, Cas is still sketchy as hell. But—and this, this right here, is the part he has a problem with more than anything—Dean still
The shack at the end of the maintenance road was every bit as battered down as the barn outside the fence. Even by District 9 standards, it was uninhabitable. Moss poured in from the cracked roof. Tarps covered the cracked glass in the windows. Electricity trickled in from a single, bent power pole by the fence line.
Castiel turns and looks him dead in the eye.
the only part Dean is talking about. Maybe to him, there’s no difference. “This is… a vessel.”
Dean held his breath, closed his eyes, and pictured the woman who ran the entries in District 9. The dude who ran the factory he worked at. Every fucking guard he’d ever had to lay down and take it from. The flirty smile that followed came all too easy to him. He could do this. This ride was just another bribe. He wasn’t playing a spectator’s sport, he was playing a whole crowd of johns who had his winning ticket. He knew how to do this. This was second nature.
He’s an angel.
“Mm-hmm.” Dean’s brain is back up and running, over a mile a minute. He knows what Castiel’s gonna say before he ever says it. It doesn’t take away the feeling of being stabbed through the neck. “And not just here. Twenty other Hunters are dead.”
The woman Gabe was chatting up has wandered off, but a glance over his shoulder tells him she’s still in hearing distance. So are both of the men hanging off her arms. Dean doesn’t recognize either of them, but he knows enough to spot a bigwig when he sees one. They’ve got Lucifer’s smarm dripping out their assholes.
“But you didn’t.”
To anyone else, Cas probably looks like a badass. Stoic, scratched to hell, the black training uniform stretched tight over his broad shoulders. But that’s not what Dean sees. To Dean, Cas looks… small. Way smaller than Dean is used to. There’s a long gash up one side of his face, bruises on his knuckles, a swelling in his cheek. If Dean didn’t already know that his Reaping was a setup, this would be all the proof he’d need.
The pearl handle glinted in his fist before he stuffed it into the back of his pants. Strictly speaking, he shouldn’t have had this. The guards—“peacekeepers”, they called themselves, but Dean thought that was a stupid fucking name, and he refused to even think it on principle—would kill him if they ever caught him with it. Course, strictly speaking, he shouldn’t be out past the fence, either. They’d be just as likely to kill him for that, too.
“And don’t think this is gonna be an everyday thing, alright? It’s just cause this is a special occasion.”
“Enjoying the party?”
Roaring, he grips his head with both hands and kicks at the table, scraping it across the floor a good few feet before the damn thing topples over. The bang when it hits the ground settles his nerves, at least for the moment. Hell is gone. Alistair is gone. And
He still didn’t turn around. Or lift his head. He
Maybe it was a lack of proper observation. Maybe it was Naomi’s doing, her constant reprogramming warping his mind and causing him to forget all that he’d learned. Maybe it was just a failure in his own coding. Whatever the reason, no one could accuse him of being proficient at reading people.
, Dean.”
. And he doesn’t remember ever feeling like it before. That
don't know." He almost looks genuinely sorry. Dean feels like shooting him, too. "Cassie's surveillance scrambler could have failed, someone may have broken in, someone we trusted..."
His knuckles dig into the edge of the cabinet before he reminds himself to open the fucking thing.
Fortunately, he did not. Nor did he completely lose track of his initial purpose.
“How the hell is this even possible? Cas isn’t from District 3. As far as anybody knows, he’s not from anywhere. He doesn’t have a paper trail—I know, I’ve looked.”
“There are things you do not know, Dean. Things you cannot see. But it is not my responsibility to teach them to you.” It gives Dean another onceover, unblinking, then turns away. “I have important business to attend elsewhere. Do not summon me again. I will be in touch.”
A part of him, a not-so-small part, wanted to do something childish like trip her on her way out the door. Or maybe finally make good on his internal promise to bitch slap her. Dean couldn’t find it in him to move for either, though. The glare off the water had faded, and they were finally close enough to get a good view of the city on the other side.
“You mean like 9?”
Dean knows better.
Moments like these made Castiel wonder why it was Sam and not Dean who had elected to go to law school.
Low and behold, shouting actually seemed to get their attention. They stared meaningfully at each other, as if Dean was some kind of bratty kid, then turned to him with their hands on their hips. Dean almost laughed—he’d always thought that Capital stooges were robots, but this was ridiculous.
Though he performed both duties admirably, even his early self had to admit that the latter was nearly pointless. External threats were nonexistent, and internal threats impotent. The only beings within Heaven were the angels themselves, and though it was possible that they could harm one another, an angel could not annihilate another angel within the sphere’s confines. Beyond that, why would his brethren ever wish to turn on one another in violence?
“The hell are you wearing, boy?”
He waits for another smartass answer. Or maybe the name of some creature Dean ain’t ever heard of. He mentally runs through every page of Dad’s journal he can remember and wishes he hadn’t left the damn thing with Sam.
“Damnit. I… damn, Bobby, I didn’t know. I’m so –”
Dean gave him another once over, from his heeled oxfords to his cherry-red bowtie.
Dean sinks into the couch. A dozen thoughts run through his head, none of them particularly helpful. But he keeps going back to one—how the hell am I gonna get Cas outta this one?
Sam glared at him like he was a nimrod. “Did you even see Bobby’s face, Dean? How could I not know?”
“No worries, the Reaping
When Dean clutched Bela’s hand a little tighter, when his face split a little with pride, it wasn’t for show.
“Deano! How’s my favorite victor?”
“They are.”
But Castiel stands, his arms barely outstretched, and the room inside the barn crackles like thunder. A bright light fills everything. It shines up Castiel’s eyes, a deep unnatural blue, and then—
* * *
for me? Well that changes everything, sign me up!” And that shows just how little this fucking thing knows, because, a few years back, when he and Sam first put this shitshow back on the road, his little brother told him some bullshit about a psyche course he took at Stanford. At least, Dean let him think it was bullshit, because he wasn’t about to be getting all touchy-feely with the kid he raised. You don’t do that. But he listened to all of it, alright, and he knows about “ineffective coping mechanisms” and “PTSD” and “triggering phrases” and all that.
“She somebody I should worry about?”
“Cassie?” For a fraction of a second, he thinks of dark skin and pretty curls and wonders why the hell an ex-girlfriend he hasn’t heard from in over eleven years would send this fop to talk to him. Then, for once, logic actually seeps into his little pea-brain and he gets a different idea entirely. “Wait, are you talkin’ about Cas?”
A tiny screen pops up over Metatron’s shoulder and grows until it takes up half the TV. Dean’s spine stiffens as image after image parades across the number “25” blazing in the background. A little girl bashes in a boy’s skull. Teenage twins laugh as they fire arrows into a different girl’s chest. A tall eighteen-year-old with black hair and a bloody flannel over-shirt lifts his blade and drives it through the final tribute’s neck. He turns and looks up at the sky, glaring at it with bared teeth. He’s thinner than Dean’s ever seen him, and his hair is more black than grey, but Dean would know that face, that expression, anywhere. By the way that Sam inhales sharply to his right, he does, too. John Winchester isn’t a man easily forgotten.
Lying here, looking at Castiel looking at him, he doesn’t feel any of those things.
“I think the ‘right time’ was thirty-two damn years ago…”
There’s a reason he didn’t tell Sam and Bobby why he doesn’t have faith. It ain’t because he wants to be right that there is no God. It’s because there is, but He ain’t on their side. He wouldn’t have singled out Dean, especially at this point, if He was.
Three seconds, and he’s right back to staring at Cas.
For one, quick second, Dean thinks about blowing up. Thinks about telling him what the old man likely already knows: that Dean’s already got one dead friend on his conscience from these damned
She doesn’t answer.
Dean licked his lips. “Look, Sam, I can do this. I
“Shame. Figured he’d at least wanna check out his hand-picked special children.” Dean put a hand to his heart, not bothering to wipe off the too wry, too bored look that belayed in actual offence. “I’m hurt.”
The rest of him narrows its eyes and arches its brows.
Dean didn’t sleep.
He keeps his eyes off his reflection in the floor and marches on. He’s made two turns now and hasn’t run into a single guard, so odds are that he’ll get lucky at the next. And, sure enough, bingo. A big, burly dude in Kevlar black and shades. Dean just barely manages not to roll his eyes. In his experience, there are two types of people who wear sunglasses inside, much less at night—blind people, and douchebags. And he has no doubts that this guy’s vision is 20/20.
The person, a little guy with shaggy hair, legit gold irises, and a matching gold-chain necklace, looked like he weighed a buck fifty at most. He rolled his eyes, spinning dramatically as he spun on his heel toward Dean. The TV turned off with a snap of his fingers.
“You’re safe. They didn’t…”
let my mind wander down some pretty contrived paths at the beginning. How do you feel about
Dean slammed his hand against the wall so hard that the glass frame rattled to the floor.
“On that note, I’m afraid I’ll have to be leaving you. The price of being a good host and all that.”
It takes Dean a couple seconds to remember why he hates that snobby British voice, apart from the obvious, and a few more to notice all the covered mannequins lurking around the room. They’re fucking creepy, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t a little impressed—the outfits they’re wearing all look finished. Seems like Balthazar kept himself busy.
She makes a show of threading her fingers into the paper, like a hand model on a niche porn site. On any other day, that thought might make him laugh, but, right now, it just makes him sick. After all, what are he and Tessa but porn stars? Sex isn’t the only thing that sells. Fifty years of this shit proves it.
Emma nods but doesn’t smile. Dean tries not to, but he still ends up clutching her elbow tighter than he should. It’s more of a reaction than she’s given anybody since the Reaping. He doesn’t take that lightly.
“Hold up,” Dean squawked. “How the hell did you know Jo was reaped?”
Dean knew it was meant as an insult, but he still took the comparison as a compliment. He also heard the unspoken apology. If he thought it’d do him any good, he might have told Bobby to stop blaming himself for telling John the truth all those years ago. From what he remembered of the story, the two were drunk off their asses at one of the Capitol-enforced get-togethers the Victors had to do when Bobby let slip that the Games people were letting their failed muttations loose in the wastelands between the districts. But it wasn’t his fault that John took that as all the invitation he needed to start hunting the bastards. It wasn’t his fault that that meant John taught Dean how to do it, either. Mary was already dead, and John was looking for whatever kind of fight he could get his hands on. That’s how he lived, and that’s how he died, the sole Victor of District 9.
“Gabe, you mother—”
The same thought seemed to have occurred to Sammy. Or, at least, something similar. His brow softened, his shoulders sagging as the hot air seeped out of him. All at once, he was just a thirteen-year-old beanpole. He was just Dean’s baby brother.
The liquor burned Dean’s throat like nothing he’d ever had before—had to have been brewed inside a shoe, based on the taste—but he didn’t even think about turning it away. No wonder Bobby was in the state he was in.
He slams his head back against the velvet couch. It ain’t much, but at least he’s alone. At least he don’t have to entertain for a few more hours. He can just… be. Whatever that fucking means right now.
“Yeah,” he huffs, as if it wasn’t already obvious. Still, he gestures at the glass bottles behind him. “I need a drink. You want anything?”
Before Dean can muster up anything to say, Gabe shoves him out of the way and extends his hand, grabbing the newcomer’s and shaking it forcefully. Neither of them miss how the man stares at his hand after as if he’d just shoved it up that stuffed pig’s butt and wipes it off on his pants pocket.
Bobby’s eyeroll was less subtle this time. “Yeah, well, you won’t. Nobody gets to see him.”
doesn’t have the same problem! Would you look at them! Gorgeous pair, and so spunky! They’re together, they’re united, they’re not afraid to say, 'This is us!' Just outstanding!”
Before Dean could ask them anything else (like whether or not they could stick their heads any farther up each other’s asses, for example), they clicked the rest of their bags shut and clopped away. As they reached the door, the first one clicked a button on the wall, triggering red laser lights behind her. Dean snorted—he’d already scoped the room out, he knew there was only one door down that hallway. Keeping him locked in the death spa or whatever it was just overkill.
He doesn’t move. Neither of them moves. Neither of them even blinks. And Castiel is using that to make Dean feel just like he did in the barn, like he can see right into Dean’s brain or soul or whatever and see everything that makes it tick. Everything that proves what they both already know. Dean’s a worthless little grub. Everything on Earth is bigger than him. Why shouldn’t Heaven and Hell be, too?
“Hey, Gabe. How’ve you been, man?”
Dean glanced over his shoulder. If Sam kept going, he might end up taller than Dean, but he’d never be as big. As strong. His little brother was thin, and weedy, and awkward in the way that all teenage boys were. His fingers weren’t calloused, or dirty, or cut. He’d never so much as touched a knife, not even when he tried to help Dean cook.
“He’s no Gabe, but it isn’t bad.” He coughs, hand hovering in midair. After a second of Dean honestly thinking he’s about to get that punch, Sam leans forward and claps it on Dean’s shoulder instead. It weighs him down like iron. “I’ll see you when it’s over. Okay?”
“You go on and get settled, okay? Keep with the Moores, don’t wander off. I’ll catch up in a minute.”
Dean grumbles. Leave it to Bobby.
Bobby sidles up next to her, almost unrecognizable in his own black tux sans trucker cap. They link arms and head for the red carpet, shoving their invites at the laser reader till the gates snap open to let them in.
For the first time, Castiel hesitates. Not from nervousness, or because he’s about to spout off some bullshit lie. Dean would recognize those right away, even on Castiel. No, no this means something serious. More serious than what they’ve already gotten into. Dean doesn’t know what that could possibly be, and he wants off the fucking ride now. He shouldn’t have asked. He shouldn’t have—
“You’ve been poaching again, haven’t you?”
“Duck. Real fat one, too.”
“Wow. Just… wow. That how’s it gonna be, huh?”
Two feet away, a woman in a tight black dress gave him the once over. He tilted one corner of his mouth up, but that was all he could spare.
Sam takes the device off his wrist without question. Dean waits barely two seconds before the thing is shoved into his hand. On screen, the guy in the suit gives the usual spiel, prepping the vid that plays every fucking year and smiling like a clown when it gets to the part where the bombs go off. Dean doesn’t watch. His eyes are glued to the comm, scrolling through the codes till he reaches the one for Cas. He hits the button to dial just as the video stops.
Dean can’t tell if that was supposed to be a joke. Castiel’s voice is still at that five-packs-a-day register, and he doesn’t particularly look sarcastic. Dean decides not to find it funny.
“Yeah, you know.” Dean grimaced, then flopped his hand in a vague gesture toward the spot where Jerome had been standing. “Making out with that guy. Looked real believable.”
Bela waited maybe two seconds. Apparently, her patience was even shorter than Dean’s. With a huff, she straightened her shoulders and followed Ruby into the train. Dean rolled his eyes, shrugged Dad’s jacket a little closer, and went in, too—it wasn’t like he had a ton of other options.
“Ah, good of you to join us, Dean.”
“Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance,” he snaps, bleeding out every ounce of his disgust, his frustration. “You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest!”
He’s about three yards out when the guy acts like a human instead of a statue and reaches for the baton on his belt.
He didn’t take the moment for granted. He swallowed, breathed, allowed himself a moment to shake. The second the train stopped, he wouldn’t get another chance. He’d have to plaster on that vague smile, the fearless eyes and rough bravado he’d learned how to sport since he was five-freaking-years-old. But, for now, he could let it all wash over him. Right now, he could let it sink in. He was a rat in a maze, and he was marching to almost guaranteed death.
Bobby didn’t smile. Or snort. Or roll his eyes. He just stood there, arms glued to his sides the same as Dean’s. They didn’t have to—the hall was narrow, but not
. Dean’s dumb and he knows it, but he’s not a total idiot. He knows the score: regardless of how much of a dick the guy is and how thick the stick up his ass has to be, Castiel, Angel of the Lord, saved him.
But Bobby’s finally turned his eyes to stare at him, and Dean… he can’t. For as long as Dean’s known him, Bobby’s looked just a few shots off from being totally dead inside. Every time Sam or Dean’s been put on the chopping block, he’s looked like someone pushed him off a cliff. Dean doesn’t know how to label the look in Bobby’s eyes right now. Not in a way that makes sense. Bobby’s gotta have close to twenty years on him, and Dean’s sense of hope died a long fucking time ago. There’s no way Bobby’s still got his.
. So, my job?
He swears, in this moment, that he will find a way to kill Castiel. Castiel, Lucifer, maybe even God Himself. But Castiel first.
“Startin’ from the bottom,” Bobby grouses. “Kevin Tran. That’s last year’s winner. I know he don’t look like much, but he’s a mastermind. Manufactured an honest-to-God explosion with nothing but some rocks and lip balm, if I’m remembering correctly. He’ll be the youngest this year.”
Dean rolls his shoulders and marches back to the liquor cart Emma has dutifully taken point at. Her cheeks are reaching cherry levels, and a look at her hand tells him why—she’s moved on to a whole bottle of tequila.
Dean’s face did a very odd thing. It folded in on itself a bit, almost in relief, but his eyes were still narrowed. He looked angry, to be certain, but Castiel sensed an air of panic, too. The speed of his next sentence only added to that theory.
Fucking frustrating as it is, it makes sense that Sammy believes in this God and angels bullshit. The good people who believe in God believe it because they’re too friggin’
“I told you last night,” he growled. “I take care of you. And that’s what I’m doing. End of story.”
Still, fucked up as it was, Dean depended on that guilt. John had been dead for two years now, and that meant the Capitol had to ship in another Victor to act as the Tributes’ mentor. Dean, at least, had gotten lucky that District 6 was the closest. Ellen had come last year, but that still meant a smuggled letter to Bobby asking for advice on ganking the wasp-looking things that had gotten loose at the time. It took three months for Bobby to get around to sneaking a reply back, by which point Dean had almost run out of creative ways to hide the boils from their stings. Dean wasn’t gonna waste the chance he had this year to talk to him in person.
Still, it's a little easier now he knows that the place they're headed isn't anywhere he's been before. Close as it is to the Tributes' hotel, he's never actually been this direction. It's too close to the President's mansion for that to have been a possibility.
“Hey, can… can you give us a second? Not you.”
But he doesn’t. This thing is right, and he can’t hate it.
Dean saw God in that thing’s hollowed eyes. He knew God when John patted him on the shoulder, told him for the first time in nearly two years that he was proud of him. He saw Him in the mirror that night before he cuddled up with Sammy. And he knew He didn’t give a good goddamn.
He jumped back up to his feet, materializing a lollipop the same color as his bowtie in the process. If Dean hadn’t been watching his hands the whole time, he’d have sworn he pulled it from his ass. He had bigger things to worry about, though, what with Trixie circling him and staring like a hawk.
“You’ve got ten minutes. Shipping out in thirty.”
Dean blinks and turns his eyes back on the screen. Sam and Bobby both nod at his sides—one more candidate for Dean’s potential pool of allies.
With a shiver, Jerome jerked his head toward the backdoor. Castiel allowed himself another cursory glance at the rest of the people in the bar, then followed. He squinted when the door slammed behind him—the orange burn of the setting sun was somehow stronger than it had been at midday.
Castiel tilted his head. He felt sure that he’d missed something, simple as Dean’s statements were. “Convincing?”
Dean refuses to look at him. At any of them. This year is going to be different. He can feel it. They can all feel it.
This time, when his eyes flutter open, he recognizes it for what it is. And he realizes the mistake he made earlier.
was the mom, now, for both Sammy and himself. It was the year he learned what it meant to be a killer. He’d known death and Hunting since he was four, but it took John shoving a shotgun in his hands, pointing it at a ghoul, and telling him to shoot to really understand either.
There are a lot of things that could hit Dean with this revelation, and he’s expecting uncomprehending denial to be the first. Much as he hates himself for it, he’s expecting fear to be the second. And both of those things are lurking in the back of his brain, ready to spring forward, but that’s not what comes out of Dean’s mouth. What comes out is anger. Because, if this
“Evening, everyone,” he greets, clapping his hands together. “Thanks for putting up with the spiel. What can I say, I can’t help myself. I just love the… anticipation.” He grins a little wider. “This year, the Reaping will
“Well, there you have it—our tributes for District 9.”
for you. What you did for long, tall, and lanky yesterday? I ain’t ever seen anyone do that before. Color me impressed. But don’t take it for granted.”
The thing apparently disagrees.
“Well, he’s Trixie’s problem now, not ours.”
And the first step there, whether Dean ever voices it or not, is wiping this good-for-nothing angel out of existence.
Cas just sits there, silent, watching the kids run around and play in the park. A small, itchy part of Dean’s head—the part that can’t handle silence, even comfortable ones, with anyone who isn’t Sammy—wants to rib the guy. Something like, “Hey, you hiding any candy in that pedo-coat?” Not that Cas would get it. Still, the thought is there. Cas has this damn annoying habit of dropping bombshells like this all the time then acting all serene about it. Being a smartass is the only way Dean’s figured out to pay him back. It doesn’t seem to do half the damage, but at least Dean gets to see an Angel of the Lord’s confused face.
“Jody Mills. Not like they’d let me or Ellen be in charge with Jo in the running.”
He looks away from the screen set up over his head. It doesn’t matter, though. He still sees every second of the clip reel, burned into his brain like a bad tattoo. Lucifer’s voice creeps down his spine as he talks about the evil rebellion and the good citizens’ noble sacrifice. At the words “we honor”, he forces himself to keep from flinching, knowing that seventeen-year-old John Winchester has filled the screen, hands bloody and eyes like fire. He hears “the memory”, and knows that, like every year for the last damn eleven years, his own face has popped up right behind it. Eighteen, muddy, and exhausted. He doesn’t look like Dad in that image. He doesn’t look like much of anything.
is going on, where the hell is your boss, huh, if there
The chariots for the Opening Ceremony of the Games always looked awesome on screen. Even Dean couldn’t lie about that. Gilded gold and decorated like ancient Roman carriages, they looked like something straight out of a gladiator movie. Fucking badass.
“There you are.”
Dean waits until the sound of his stupid fucking shoes gets muffled by the carpet. When he finally breathes, he sags against the wall with both hands in his hair. Sam is standing in front of him in two seconds.
worthy of notice.
narrow—but it didn’t look like they could think of anything better to do.
can. And, ya know… I’d be
“Damnit, Sam.” He bit his tongue till he tasted blood. “Just do what I said, okay? You can see me when it’s over. Okay?”
Without pause, Castiel pushed away his desire to watch their Father, to bathe in the glory of His work. He had been waiting for orders. This, framed as a question or not, must be that.
Thirty minutes of that bullshit was enough to put Dean on edge, but he managed to sit through it till his knees felt stiff and his back ached from lying so still. He wondered, vaguely, if other eighteen-year-olds felt that way, but that wasn’t a question he knew how to get an answer for, and that just made it pointless.
Castiel was not the first of his Father’s creations. He wasn’t the tenth. He wasn’t even the hundredth. Castiel was the two-thousand five-hundred and sixty-seventh creation of God, the fifth of what would eventually become seven Seraphim, each assigned to one of the days of the week. This was fact, something he simply understood at the onset of his creation. Just as he knew that his purpose was to obey, to serve, to protect. Just as he knew, without ever seeing Him, without Him being anywhere nearby, who his Father was and what He had done. What He was
Bobby shot him a look that Dean chose to ignore—the old man knew just what Dean was doing to get so close to the guards that he could hear them say anything, much less something that classified—then hummed low in his throat. “Hell Hounds, huh? Can’t argue with the name. I’ve seen a couple myself, and they’re some mean sons o’ bitches. Haven’t worked out how to kill ‘em yet.”
He rips it from her hand, not bothering to grab the cork, and swallows the rest of it in one go.
Sam reaches for his arm, but it’s too late.
It was a four-hour drive from Arkansas, but Castiel made the trip in just over three. Dean and Sam were waiting for him just outside the local bar as Dean had promised, surprisingly bereft of their fed suits. Both brothers slapped him on the back when he got out of his Continental, a gesture he returned with as little awkwardness as possible. Dean’s hands bore a few more calluses, and a fresh scar wrapped its way round his thumb. Cas squinted at the new wounds, but Sam started explaining the plan before he could ask.
Heaven. He knew this place was Heaven. His home.
He draws the motion out, makes it longer than it has any right to be. Just a slip of his hand into his pocket, but he makes it a full-on striptease, touching his bare skin and pushing his jeans just a little bit lower. Once he’s sure the guy isn’t gonna jump, he pulls out the note. He holds it between two fingers, passes it in front of his lips like a cigarette as he ambles toward the guard. The guy’s body doesn’t move, and his shades give nothing away, but Dean can tell by the twitch at his temples that his eyes are following. A lingering glance down the guy’s front shows off a bulge that definitely wasn’t there a minute ago.
His dad sold his soul for him, Sam and Bobby fought their best to keep him from going to Hell, but those were all preemptive actions. (Yeah, Dean knows what “preemptive” means—suck it.) Nobody’s ever seen him at the end of his rope and reeled him in. Not succeeded at it, anyway.
it to be a lie. There is no God. There is no greater good. Everything is just random and evil and pointless and there ain’t a damn thing he or anyone else can do to stop it. That’s the only fucking way that his life—any of it, all of it—makes a damn bit of a sense.
, makes his chest constrict.
Not okay. The exact opposite of okay. The words reverberate in both their skulls, hollow and unpleasant. They shake it off and stare in opposite directions before they can see the recognition in each other’s eyes. Something breaks behind Dean’s ribcage. He didn’t realize he’d been waiting for Sam to give him hope, or strength, or whatever, until he didn’t.
Dean takes a deep breath and curls his fingers into his palms. "Alright, he got found out. Shouldn't be fucking possible, but we can worry bout the how later. Is he in trouble? Does Lucifer know he's here? And the hell does that have to do with Cas?"
. He’d always known that about himself, but, now, with the knowledge that there really are angels among them and that Hell is 5000% worse than anything that any human could ever fathom? That Lucifer is real and looming fucking closer as a threat every day? He’s never felt more insignificant. He is twenty-nine years old, and the only thing he can lay claim to is that at least Sammy never starved and he always had a roof over his head. Those are Dean’s only crowning achievements. Beyond that, he’s failed at every attempt to keep his baby brother safe, to make his dad proud, to do
But that was just one of the reasons Dean found memories of his dad unavoidable today. The other…
. And Dean feels more naked, more exposed, then he ever did in Alistair’s hands. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
“Okay? Please, Sam…”
“Who are you?”
Regarding Plan A: Nuke the Whole City, though, he isn’t cutting Cas any kind of break. Jedi reverse psychology aside, he and Urinal Cake were still ready and willing to blow the place apart, all of these kids included, if Dean gave them the signal. Cas wouldn’t have liked it—or, at least, he said he wouldn’t—but that wouldn’t have stopped him. There’s no justification for that.
“So you were just out here asking him questions, and he launched himself at you, so you played along to keep him from getting suspicious. Right. Smart. That’s smart. It was, uh… that was real convincing, man. Good job.”
“Well, he wasn’t an unattractive man, Dean. And his response did elicit arousal.”
“Your stylist, baby!” He gave his arms a flamboyant shake. “Figured you’d be expecting me. I’m here to turn you from drab to fab! Which, good news for you,” he paused to give Dean a once over, “won’t be as hard as some of the other cases I’ve had to work with. You’ve got this half-twinkie, half-bad-boy vibe that they’re gonna go nutso for.”
“Okay, fine. Then why did he feel like it?”
* * *
He returned Anna’s smile, and, together, they soared toward their siblings.
Bobby clicks the remote and glides past the next four screens. Dean is familiar enough with all of them— Irv Franklin and Tracy Bell from 7, Annie and Caleb from 6, Josephine Barnes and some dude named Pete from 5, and Olivia Lowry and Frank Devereaux from 4. They’re all potential candidates, too, but Dean can’t say that he remembers much about any of them talent-wise. Tracy Bell’s thing is seduction—lure another Tribute into a quiet part of the arena, then, once their pants are down, stab ‘em where it hurts. Frank Devereaux is a paranoid nutcase who won by shooting at anything that moved. From what Dean’s heard, he’s only gotten worse since he won. Then again, the fact that all of the victors didn’t end up paranoid nutcases is a miracle, so Dean gives the guy a pass.
The bad part of what used to be called Kansas and was now just another speck in District 9 was that it was almost completely flat and barren. No trees, few ponds, just fields and fields of wheat. If they lived anywhere else in the district, that would be a real bitch. Fortunately for Dean, though, they just happened to live in one of the few sections surrounded by untended fields. The poison-oak-infested barley field around the barn wasn’t a one-off—most everything in this area was overgrown with poison something. According to Dad, the guards had tried to burn it all down years ago, but the poison just kept growing back. Eventually, they gave it up and moved the district fence back. Their loss, Dean’s gain, because that meant the fence jutted up right against a wall of rotted corn almost as tall as the watchtowers.
“Well, I’ll be sure to emphasize both during the Games. Must make sure we keep our ratings high.”
“It was good to see you, Bobby.”
“For sure. I hear that’s what got Azazel the boot.”
The door slammed open, and Sam rushed in, octopus-limbed around Dean before he could so much as stand up. The guard in the doorway didn’t so much as blink.
He knows what Sam thinks about him, his doubts, his denial. And he knows Bobby probably believes the same thing. In Dean’s little world, the shit that’s happened to Sammy, and Bobby, and mom, and dad, and all those people they couldn’t save is all because of random happenstance or whatnot. If that’s the way it is, he can live with it. It sucks, and a part of him will never recover from it, but he’ll deal. If there’s something out there, though? Something that let it all happen—or, worse,
Lucifer taps on the mic, a gleeful smile lighting up his face.
Her hands shake when she reaches the middle aisle, but she steels it up and holds her head high as she walks to the stage. He doubts that even the cameras noticed it, and they’re hovering around her like bees. He just knows what to look for. And now, he looks and sees that her eyes are too dry, and the set of her mouth is forced.
Dean nodded. “Yep. Sure. And you are…?”
“Son of a bitch.”
“Fun as that sounds, you know that ain’t how the Games work. Gotta give ‘em some spunk, some pizazz!”
He takes a deep breath, then slides out of the stone-walled suite and into the mirror-ball black hallway.
“No, you didn’t think about anything! You always do this, Dean! You’re going to get yourself—get –” He couldn’t even spit it out. He winced, his glare not dampening at all, and plowed on. “And we’re all gonna have to watch! Bobby and Ellen are gonna have to watch!
He doesn’t turn around. His eyes are glued to the broken glass. Everything in his brain has screeched to a standstill like rusted machinery. He’s too old for this shit. He’s too damn old for all of this shit.
Bobby is still out cold a few feet away. The lightbulbs—what’s left of them—are still flickering. And this…
“That you killed him? Nobody but the three of us here knows you killed the son of a bitch, Dean. The real question is, does she suspect? And that one I don’t know.”
Also, sorry if the metaphor about hooks in Dean's soul was too heavy-handed. If it wasn't clear before, it should be pretty obvious by now that the Capitol is Hell.
Dean slaps Bobby on the shoulder, then realizes something. The door behind them has swooshed shut. Nobody’s looking at them through the window.
And, just like that, he’s back on autopilot. His voice comes out without any thought behind it. He finds himself winking, eyeing Castiel up and down like he would the best talent in a strip club.
If being touched by that creep hadn’t killed what remained of his semi, this does it just fine. Thank God for small miracles.
. Castiel goes by
they could, because the food was more delicious than anything they’d ever eaten, because this one indulgence was one of the only ones they really got to have. They just did it because it was the “in” thing to do.
The blonde waited half a second, just long enough for Bela to take her place onstage and strike a pose—a snooty little wrinkle of her nose and crossed arms—then turned to the other bowl of names. All the lightness in Dean’s body was crushed like an anvil. Just a few dozen yards away were forty-three slips with his name, and five with Sammy’s. All this stupid bitch had to do was grab the wrong one.
Allies are a little too much like friends.
The little man—
Dean bristled. He couldn’t say he was ever particularly patriotic where his District was concerned, but that didn’t mean he liked the tone this guy was copping about it. “Yeah. Why? You gonna dress me up as a fuckin’ barn or something?”
“Four years.” Dean ripped the now-dry dish towel off of the fireplace/oven/stove in the corner. “Gotta get you through this, too.”
His eyes trail over a few of the women in the way. In a different place, a different circumstance, there are a few he’d be all over right about now. Mile-high thighs and tits he’d just about pay to suck on. Every inch of them is fake, but he doesn’t care. He’s just interested in getting off. At least it would be something to do. But he knows these kind of ladies, and, nice as they are to look at even now, he knows better than to give them a shot. He remembers all too well what they’re like.
Dean’s entire body goes cold. “What?”
Whatever he’d wanted to say choked in his throat. Before Sam could do anything, like move, he surged forward and pulled him into a hug.
“Because of you, Sam.”
“Touchy, touchy.” Something in Dean’s face must say that he’s not putting up with any bullshit, cause that’s the only comment Balthazar makes. With a roll of his eyes, he plants his feet and turns so he’s facing both brothers equally. “Lucifer found out that you aren’t quite as dead as he’d been led to believe, Sam.”
The camera whirled around and landed on him. A bright light throbbed somewhere just below it, but he didn’t blink. He stared at the guard, then up at the bitch.
He was reasonably sure that he was being propositioned.
He spins on his heel—another high, capped thing that Dean wants to take a machete to—and sashays away, not bothering to check that Dean is following. He should be, and both he and Sam know it—they don’t exactly have time to play Texas Hold ‘Em here—but Dean takes a second to check his look in the mirror anyway. It’s just a reflex, not real curiosity—he hasn’t given a damn about his looks since after his first Games. After it stopped mattering. That doesn’t stop him from cocking an eyebrow when he takes himself in, though.
Human behavior was so strange.
Dean huffed under his breath, but Sam elbowed him in the ribs before he could do much else. To his left, Jerome continued to bore holes into Castiel’s skull with his eyes. Unlike the kissing, he couldn’t say it was a particularly pleasant sensation.
“Can I, uh… can I get you something, man?”
“I beg your pardon?”
What it means?
Dean rolls his shoulders and tries to focus on those kids. The girls look real cute with their ponytails and braids. Two of the boys look like they’ve got the same age difference as him and Sam. None of them know how close they came to biting it today.
ignore Bobby. At the moment, though, Dean couldn’t complain—the old man looked just as put out by their female companions as Dean was.
Worse, though, is that, surprised as he pretends to be about it, he knows good and well what his motivation is for this new…
“Yep. Think about it—you ever even seen him on the TV?” He paused, but Dean and Bela didn’t really need it—they both knew for a fact that they hadn’t. “Thought not. Look, it’s all very
“Good for you. Seen five mutts up in District 6 myself.”
* * *
On-screen, the burly dude grins. Sure enough, all of his teeth are square-shaped and relatively normal looking. It’s a nice smile.
What he gets is a pair of sweat-moist lips against his earlobe.
They both allowed themselves a short smile at that. Bobby's second wife wasn't a pistol, she was a friggin' shotgun. But Bobby didn’t mention how Jo was doing, and Dean didn’t ask. She was twelve—how did any twelve-year-old handle this bullshit? He’d grown up with that kid, though, descendants of Victors as they were, and he would bet his bottom dollar that she pulled some shit about being old enough to take care of herself. Had he not been afraid that it’d start the water works, he would’ve rolled his eyes at the thought.
And that, finally, managed to grab Dean’s attention: a full-length wraparound bar stocked with every kind of liquor, beer, and glass Dean could think of, stretched across half the room. Dean’s eyes went wide. Well, he stood corrected—apparently, a drink
But sitting on a park bench in Colorado next to a frickin supernova disguised as a tax accountant, Dean starts thinking he might have to tick off another finger.
Annual Hunger Games.”
Sorry for the wait, guys! Here's hoping I get the next chapter out before 2022.
Taking a note from Sam, Castiel directed his responding nod at a brick near Dean’s head. “Yes. He told me he had some intel to provide me.”
Sam whimpered. “Dean, no.”
“Why’d you do it?” he blurts out.
Dean laughed, a total reflex, but he did as he was told. Bobby never demanded respect like John had, but he’d certainly earned it. Dean took a second swig, then passed the metal cannister to its owner. The moment it was back in his hand, his whole body eased up.
“But—”
A few feet away, Gabe seems to sense his oncoming death, and stares up at Dean. The little bastard has the fucking nerve to
Takes place at the end of episode 4x2 (Lazarus Rising)
“Rise and shine, Sammy!”
“Good job, kid. I’ma grab food. You want anything?”
He sidled a little closer, waited till she looked over at him, then shot her a wink obvious enough that even people in the nosebleeds would see it. Sure enough, the crowd erupted with catcalls. The monitor at the end of the arena jerked away from the split-second shot the cameras had taken of the District 12 Tributes and zoomed in on Bela and Dean. The bright, sparkling banner illuminated their faces, smirking under the words they’d shot from their pistols: “Yippee-Kay-Ay, Motherfuckers!”
Castiel’s eyes wandered down the man’s front. Nothing seemed out of place. No angel blades or witch’s markings. He hummed, then looked back up.
Outside the door, another guard jangled at the lock. Dean gritted his teeth and looked away—from Sam, from the door, from all of it. Their ten minutes were up.
Dean didn’t answer. Wordless, he slammed the second burlap sack onto her desk. She smiled at him, her eyes glinting red in the sunlight.
She smiled, genuine and impressed. It looked like poison. “Of course it is. Guess that makes you big brother, then, huh?”
Thank… well, Castiel’s boss, he thinks… that his first defense to that is pure sarcasm.
“Actually, we might want to practice other things, too. We’re both gorgeous, no getting around that. It could drum up some attention if we played the romantic angle.”
“Don’t do anything stupid, Dean.”
“Well? Are you smart at all, or just a smartarse?”
“You should show me some respect. I dragged you out of Hell. I can throw you back in.”
Like he said—waste not, want not.
He let his genuine smile creep into a lecherous smirk—if that’s all she thought of him, he might as well act the part.
Dean snorted. “That’s a lie and you know it.”
If he didn’t, Bobby and Ellen might never look at him again. Hell, he wouldn’t be able to look at
Castiel all but smirked. If only Dean could see him now. Surely even the hunter would be impressed with how quickly he’d gotten this witness to cooperate.
As usual, the crowd is silent. The only difference this year is that it’s only the women in the crowd who look terrified. The men just look sad and stony. A very dark part of him wants to grab the mic and shout, “Taking one for the team this year, boys, death’s on me!” But he doesn’t do that, either.
Castiel sighed and heaved himself into the Continental. For not the first time, he wondered what he could have possibly misunderstood.
Not that that’s anything unusual. Dean has spent the last decade of his life in some state of drunkenness. After the first kids died on his watch… well, he and liquor have never been strangers.
right in front of me!
could say to him.
He wrinkled his nose as he stuffed the sack full. It would make the duck a bitch to clean later, and he knew it, but better a mouthful of moldy old hay than a public whipping for sneaking out of bounds.
She spoke so fast she almost stuttered on the last word. Ruby’s eyes flickered toward Bela over the top of her magazine, a little sneer on her top lip and in her eyes. It had been growing since Bela started talking, but this was the first time she’d stopped what she was doing to show it. Apparently, she was just as put off as Dean was by her attempt at a Capitol accent.
smart, but the degree never fails to astound him.
“Two. Entries.”
Takes place at the end of episode 4x7 (It’s the Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester)
“Excellent job with the witnesses.”
As for Balthazar, that fucking prick hightailed it without so much as a “bon voyage” or whatever bullshit he’d say. He wouldn’t care so much if Tessa hadn’t let slip that he was sneaking Sam out of District 9 and back to the Bunker. Apparently, he knows exactly where Sam’s little hideout is in the city. Apparently, Cas trusted
“Showtime.”
“Sammy?” Dean shouted.
, apparently—rolled his eyes so hard that Dean was surprised he didn’t sprain something.
Dean snorts, both in agreement and to keep Bobby from prying too much further. Thankfully or not, he sees something else he missed when Bobby first came in: a huge, green sequin bag that looks big and bulky enough to be carting around a human corpse. His eyebrows jump into his hairline—he must be losing his touch to miss such an eyesore.
Dean and Bela glanced at each other, both sporting a cocked eyebrow. The Capitol bitch didn’t notice. She was filing her nails, and that was obviously more important to her than the kids that might die on her watch.
The last part was said low. Quiet. Dean couldn’t say he blamed him—the words alone were enough to make him blow his fucking lid. If Sam had copped a tone on top of that…
“Yeah, well, I say a lot of things.” Sam opened his mouth, but Dean stepped right into his face. “Sammy, I swear to God. Just answer the damn question.”
As for the Capitol trains, well, Dean didn’t have nearly as much experience, but he couldn’t say he was a stranger to them, either. John was a victor, and that meant the occasional politicking with the Capitol and rubbing elbows with the other Districts. John hated it, and he made no secret about it, but it wasn’t like he had much of a choice. Everyone knew that Sam and Dean would be good as dead if John refused to keep playing their games.
to happen –
This case is a little different, though. This time, Dean’s looking to
If it’d been Sam in his place, Dean would’ve been cracking all kinds of jokes. “Nice look, Jolly Green, I’ll be sure to eat all my veggies. Think the competition’s gonna worry about you Hulking out on stage?” It would have been weak, but it’s all Dean knows to do.
“Cut to the chase, Sam,” he finally coughs. “How’d Luci screw himself?”
“Anyway,” Bobby interrupts, thank fuck, “same deal as before you won. They don’t have no other Victors from 9, so they sent little ol’ me. You’re welcome. Not like anyone else is gonna have a chance keepin’ your self-sacrificing ass alive.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. That only seemed to make the man squirm more, but not in a way that Castiel found inherently suspicious. He just seemed… uncomfortable? He waited a long moment, eyeing the man from head to toe in search of some clue to his motives, but he gleaned nothing. At least he’d confirmed Castiel’s suspicion that he knew there
“Yeah, he’s a real swell guy. But, then, you know I’m a little biased. Love getting to know about all your friends.”
The disk whirs, lights up, and then the shape of a body shoots up from the glass. Dean smiles—it’s an old comm. If the worn edges didn’t tell him, the pixelated image quality would, but that’s probably the only way Bobby was able to sneak it in, so he’s not gonna complain. He wouldn’t call it “happiness”, but whatever positive emotion he’s got only multiplies when the image sets, revealing Sam in his usual canvas jacket and a pair of jeans.
“What?”
(He did not know, at the time, that God first created great hounds as his Heavenly companions but quickly found them too violent. He did not know of Purgatory’s existence or the fact that his Father had forcibly banished the Leviathan to that realm. He did not know of the mark Lucifer so willingly accepted, much less that God had seen everything that would unfold after his favorite son’s choice. In those early days, Castiel questioned little and knew even less.)
But just part.
Before either of them could say anything, his white-gloved hand clicked the door back into place. Dean’s mouth tightened, but so did his arms around his little brother. He felt his shoulder getting wet.
“Oh, fine. You’re no fun.”
“Dead serious, Deano. I’m doing the exact same thing you are, and don’t you forget it. I take stuff that nobody cares about, and I use it in a way that nobody’s gonna forget. I use clothes and shoes and shit. You use yourself. And they’re gonna fucking
Dean nodded instantly. “Yeah, man. Yeah.”
The duck fell with a wet
sense up there. Even if I can get the drop on you.”
His throat catches.
Didn’t make it any less impossible.
Dean curls his fists and takes a deep breath.
have a choice about was whether or not to take his sons with him. As they got older, that choice was usually a resounding “No”, but those first few years after Sammy was born, John bit the bullet and let them tag along. After that, it was a lot of Dean staying behind to watch his brother and make sure they didn’t starve while Dad was gone. It was only after Dean proved he could handle a gun that John let him start coming with again, and, even then, it was only when he planned to do some hunting on the side.
For the first time in a long time, maybe his entire existence, Dean doesn’t feel so alone.
children from each District, but
my stylist?”
Tessa blinks away from the crowd to look at Dean. Just for him, just for a second, there are tears in her eyes. Then, she plasters her smile back on and reaches into the empty fishbowl. It takes a moment of digging for her to snag the single slip of paper inside. In the audience, nobody’s breath catches. Nobody’s eyes go wide. Nobody starts to cry.
Anniversary Games—should any district have no living victors, the necessary male and/or female Tribute will be Reaped from a pool of all of that District’s citizens. In order to make the competition more fair, no restrictions shall apply; any citizen above the age of twelve may be Reaped.’”
The annoying little buzzer noise from the TV interrupts them. Dean had learned to hate that fucking thing by the time he could walk, but the last twelve years have been particularly annoying.
“Well, I think we look awesome. And even if we don’t, we’ve still beat out the competition. Look over there at 8. Would you seriously rather look like a rug factory vomited on you?”
In the last three hours, he’d been poked and prodded and tweezed and tucked and waxed and, if another goddamn person so much as looked at him while holding a sponge, he swore he was gonna commit his first murder in here, Games be damned. Yeah, it was nice to not smell like grease and moldy wheat for once, and he actually liked feeling his legs rub smooth and hairless against each other, but those were secrets he was all too happy to take to his grave. It was the principle of the matter—he’d spent eighteen years being thrown around like trash, he wasn’t about to be pampered or whatever now. Especially when the pampering was just a manicured version of that same treatment—nice or not, the Capital hags hadn’t exactly been easy on the goods. Even his balls felt bruised.
“I’m not convinced.” Castiel opens its mouth, undoubtedly about to issue some more school marm shit like Dean’s an ignorant child, but he ain’t having that. “Cause if there’s a God, what the hell is He waiting for, huh? Genocide? Monsters roaming the Earth? The freaking apocalypse? At what point does He lift a damn finger and help the poor bastards that are stuck down here?”
Dean’s had a few kids panic on his watch and make stupid mistakes because of it, but he’s never had one from his District who straight-up didn’t fight. Doesn’t mean he hasn’t seen it before, though. There’s always one, usually from the lower Districts. Some knobby-kneed, pimple-faced kid who can’t speak, or move, or do much of anything once they get into the arena. He’s never seen anybody clam up this hard this fast, but he recognizes all the signs.
. I could do better than that in my sleep. Relying on cheap gimmicks like that? Come on.”
Balthazar ignores him. If Dean was a little more awake, he’d be pissed at how casually the dude just rips off his clothes and tugs him into new ones like a damn doll. At least Gabe had the decency to let Dean dress himself. Usually.
“Number two,” Bobby groused, “nope, no special accommodations this time around. It ain’t a banner year, so it’s just gonna be the same as usual. And three, as for competition, we don’t know nearly as much as we’d like. I’ll have to do some scoping once we get to the Capitol to find out the full guestlist.” His eyes flashed toward Dean’s for half a second. “No word on 10 through 12 yet, obviously.”
Outside, the rest of the neighborhood was already trickling down the maintenance road. Mostly older folks, mechanics and the like who worked with Dean down at the factory, but there were a few kids spaced out here and there. All of them wore their nicest clothes, lace dresses and button-up shirts. It made Dean think of virgin sacrifices to pagan gods, and the frown on his mouth deepened. His imagination always was for shit.
Dean opened his mouth—no one who dressed like an old-timey lumberjack had any right to mock his clothes, Capitol couture or not—but the sound of clapping, louder and more sincere than Ruby’s, interrupted him.
skin, now that the hangover’s finally kicked in), it all passes in a blur. One second, he’s stepping into the street. The next, there are bright drone lights in his face and that sickeningly familiar Capitol music in his ears.
Bobby chuckles into his glass. Dean’s cheeks flame hotter than the whiskey down his throat.
. He’d decided as much within the first few minutes of volunteering. But getting Jo out, too?
“No.”
Dean shivered, then reached out to pull on his brother’s arm.
The roar of the crowd is deafening. So is the silence in Dean’s living room.
Bobby didn’t move. His back was still to Dean, hunched over a table and covered in that damn canvas jacket that wasn’t even in style 200 years ago. One hand clutched a yellowy flask that Dean could smell a yard away. The other was clenched into a fist at his side. It wasn’t funny—hell, this practically told Dean all he needed to know about how this year’s Reaping had gone so far—but Dean couldn’t keep the smile off his face. No matter the circumstances, it was always good to see him.
He would only need to take half a step closer, shift his hips into Jerome’s waist, and—
