couldn’t quite believe I was real. I found my voice then. “You’re… you’re alive.”
you, John,” I stated firmly.
), but I decided to bet that he wouldn't. I bolted with a laugh of glee.
“Fine, yes. I do. Skye, right?” My heart was thumping in my throat as the indigo eyes dissected me. It was like being under Mycroft’s scrutiny, only worse. With Mycroft I knew what I could get away with; I’d just met Reyalon after having put his brother in danger. And if Reyalon was anything like Mycroft, God help Sherlock and me.
His smirk told me he knew what I was trying not to do, what I was trying to resist doing. “Serenade, Sherlock? And a new, interesting case – a chance to show off. What does that say, huh? Let’s bring the day to its natural conclusion, before my fur disgusts you.”
“Sherlock,” he chuffed; “believe me when I say that I’ve accepted that you certainly won’t be the one to lead our relationship anywhere. I'm not going to molest you. Or demand what you aren't ready to give. But this is perfectly innocent, and now I
“You’re the werewolf,” I pleaded (yes, I was actually pleading to this pup). “He’ll listen to you.”
“You weren’t attacking me,” I replied exasperatedly, gesticulating wildly. “You were
“The Wolves’ Web?” I cried. Sherlock was right about a Wolves’ Network!
Mid-chuckle, he yowled, overtaken by his change. In true John fashion, he had been too caught up in banter to realise that the moon didn’t stop rising because he was enjoying himself. On the other hand, I was relieved; the uncomfortable discussion was averted, at least for now. I liked that he wasn’t anxious and nerved the whole time, pacing the carpet down and emanating worry enough to fill the street.
). I was glad the issue had been explained, though I would have to telegraph it to the younger brother without the older one knowing.
“Greg!” I greeted my friend, as Skye vanished and shut the door behind him. “How are you? Coffee?”
Had I been doing that? And for how long, exactly? Certainly the wolf seemed to think my actions romantic, though I could have told him they were
I tried not to show my surprise at being called John’s pack. “I’m pack to him? I rather thought non-werewolves became outliers.”
When I began to protest, Phoenix held up a hand. “There’s a sort of security system. If the trigger word is said, there are consequences. This is it. Don’t say it out loud.” He handed me a slip of paper.
Said boy, I reminded myself, was twenty-two. God I felt old.
That sounded more like me.
“The grit in the lens,” I lamented, even as I buried my nose in John’s shoulder and let it go. His reassuring touch and voice told me he wasn’t going anywhere, at least for now, and I clung to him like a crab (though not nearly as painfully, I can assure you!). “I didn’t want –”
I watched Skye’s face, waiting for the grim expression to wash over it, but instead his glacial-blue eyes widened, and he froze. Just like
“Brilliant!” Sherlock cried, clapping his hands. The reversal felt odd, but not mocking. I rather glowed, to be honest, as praise from the detective was rare. His eyes glittered blue in the rays from the open doors. “Then I’ll leave the kidnapping cases to you from now on, shall I?”
I had just determined to salvage the situation by any means necessary when she caught on and demanded, “Pack?” she echoed, shifting a suspicious glance at him. “The Freak's?” Her gaze now landed accusingly on me. “What did you do, drug him?”
So no help from Skye, then. And yet… eager though Sherlock seemed to handle my full moons, I was still uncertain. I should be able to handle them by myself. “If you’re sure,” I said at last. “But at the first sign of any violence, I’m moving out.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” he snapped. “Stop it.” Hm. The wolf.
That the case had Sherlock beaming wasn't a surprise. The dogs' use had ensured that New Scotland Yard and the professional forensics didn't even start to suspect someone's involvement, and this criminal promised to be clever and ruthless. Even if eventually we discovered cleverness had very little part in the killings, so in that it was a disappointment – I guess.
. He would never have killed me, werewolf or no.
I saw the moment he realised it completely. “I can teach you to delete things,” I said calmly, tamping down my rioting emotions. “You can do that.”
“What for?” Phoenix looked mystified.
Sadly, just as Skye opened the door, a very familiar silver-haired DI stumbled through, clearly not expecting the door to be suddenly opened.
“Not me. The idiot,” he barked.
With a hasty “I need some air” he bolted out of the room.
I’d figured out quite a few of the rats by the time my sniffer dogs made their report, the details of which I’d entirely expected. My hypothesis was correct, and I was on the right path. I retreated into my mind palace and visited dear old Jim, whose room was looking more and more like a prison cell the more I thought about him.
I can’t describe that darkness. It was like a blanket on your senses, the negative of sensation. I couldn’t touch or hear or see or feel or smell. I was just the thought of John Watson, existing in a non-place.
“Relax, John. He's not here, and with a bit of luck, we won't see him ever again,” Sherlock pleaded, his voice placating, almost hypnotic.
Beside me, John cocked his head to look at the blond and the ginger, squeezing my hand in a gesture of comfort and protectiveness. “Why haven’t you shifted yet?’
Yes, yes, I know, I'm late. But I couldn't resist, and I need your input in order to advance this.
Mycroft glanced at him upon entering. “That is most certainly not the dog I saw my brother leading on a merry chase around London.”
He was interesting, I’d give him that.
, John!” He tossed the deerstalker at me.  “What do you mean, more careful?”
“I know. All I’m asking is that you try. Every now and then, when you can. For science, John!” I cajoled enthusiastically, having successfully summoned the detachment necessary to talk about it without blushing.
memories) and with a raging erection as a consequence of them was very, very awkward and uncomfortable. Thank God that my friend was asleep still and hence unaware of my plight.
“But you haven’t heard the question!”
“Were you, Sherlock?”
” he echoed testily. “And who am I then?”
.” Sherlock popped the ‘p’ confidently.
“I don’t know if he will, to be honest,” Skye replied. “He’s stuck to RJ like glue, and RJ’s in no shape to be going anywhere for a while. They’ll probably be out of commission for a while. Sorry, you’re stuck with the sniffer dog.”
“Yeah.” I shrugged. “Didn’t really see the need to get Mycroft or Greg – that’s Lestrade, by the way – involved.”
, I’ve never wanted Irene Adler!” I chuffed, almost wolfish myself. “You’re safe from anyone like her; no need to bristle.” I shot him an exasperated Look.
“Or you could do that, yes,” I agreed easily. Somehow I didn’t think that would happen.
We were beginning the second week of no answers when I stepped out to buy the detectives some food. Skye was still out, following a clue they’d given him two days before. Phoenix looked at me pulling on a clean shirt and asked, “Grocery store? I’m coming with you.”
I know, I know, half of you saw this coming and the other half of you thought this was already happening – which it couldn’t, really, because Sherlock is right and I’m a really, really terrible liar; I couldn’t have been doing this the whole time and kept it to myself without bursting.
“Here, look at this.” Strangely enough, he only panicked for about a second before the device pinged again.
It turned out we didn’t have to go looking for whoever was impersonating Aleksander Nordskov, as when Sherlock and I came down, he was already there. His white-blond hair shafted sunlight from the client’s chair, and though his back was turned to us I could tell he was incredibly tense. Skye rolled in behind us; as if he could sense it, the man stood up and made an about-face.
“Get off it.”
“Hey Sherlock –” I held the paper out to him as we paused for breath, two or three blocks away from where Skye had shot the assassin. “Have you seen this? A kiss and tell. Some bloke named Rich Brook.” His hand in mine curled reflexively; the name meant something to him.
“He went out,” I answered casually. “Case; friend went missing. I think he’s hunting the kidnappers, to be honest.”
we’re talking about (sorry, Molly, you’re a dear and we adore you but you’re so romantic it’s just the tiniest bit cavity-inducing).
“Oh come now, John,” he chuffed. “Don’t be stupid. That’s not the problem here.” I looked at him as he shifted from foot to foot. “The problem is: that man you met could
The ensuing silence was broken by Sherlock’s “I’ll take the case.”
We didn’t talk much on the way home, but RJ and Phoenix did try to lighten the mood by showing us pictures of me as a werewolf. Not that that helped very much, but Sherlock assured me that all I’d done was pose a bit and snap playfully. My wolf was the least camera-shy animal I’d ever seen, but when I saw the pictures I was reminded of the amorous dreams that Sherlock had awakened in me the other day.
RJ said.
“You know?” he echoed, raising a puzzled brow. “It was the wolf who did it, wasn’t it?”
If the chapter is too long, tell me and I'll cut it, haha. I've never been good at gauging chapter length, so I guess that's up to you guys!
“Rufus Bruhl, ambassador to the US,” Lestrade said, quickly overridden by Phoenix saying, “Well, no, his kids, actually. Young, I’d say. Minors. Rollo?”
I snapped back to myself just as suddenly as I plunged into my own mind. Sherlock was supporting me, anxiously peering into my eyes. “What the hell was that?” he demanded. “Did you take anything – are you
I didn’t know which one of us she meant, but I prickled all the same, and I heard John’s growl as I ushered him further inside, to Lestrade and to friendly territory. When I next took a look at him, he was just Human-John now, and he asked me softly, “Why?”
I felt a bit betrayed, especially since my memories of the night before were muddled and my prevalent emotion was a very woozy feeling of foreboding. Something was wrong. I was a monster.
His blue eyes glittered. “I may be barely twenty-two, but I’m a born werewolf. If anything crosses me…” He bared his teeth. “Let them try.” He smiled, and for an instant I was terrified. He looked menacing. Perhaps not quite as scary as Sherlock when something or someone he cared about (Mrs. Hudson, for example) was hurt, but he ran a good second.
“Shhh, I can smell the tracks.” I gave no other explanation, but it wasn’t necessary. Phoenix watched with eagerness as I applied my own version of Sherlock’s methods. I didn’t know London nearly as well as he did, but in the end, if I didn’t have an exact address, I had a general area that wasn’t too big.
that uneasy.
“I'm not your fucking experiment,” I growled, surprising the both of us.
“Okay, okay now that’s just creepy,” Lestrade complained, backing away from the Wilde-Hawthorne pair.
detective anymore. You’re
What kind of statement was that? An acceptable alternative? For all I knew an ‘acceptable’ alternative to my inner wolf was to tear up pets. What exactly did I do last night?
“Driven Sherlock to the edge of a panic attack for one,” Phoenix replied mildly. “My God, Reyalon, look at him!”
He took the slip of paper.
Well, I’ve been holding myself back. [9:50 PM]
His brother curled up on the sofa with a huff. I interceded. “Maybe it was a – I dunno, trick of the light or something?” Dammit but I was still uncomfortable with the idea of him knowing about my lycanthropy.
“Like I told Sherlock, I’m not your experiment!” I snapped.
“That’s the reason Skye was in London when you were turned, Doctor,” Phoenix stated. “The werewolf who turned you was one of the rats. Unfortunately for them, he was a neophyte, and he killed the people who saw him, which is never a good principle when you’re a werewolf.
memories, weren’t they? Oh God, the wolf had shagged Sherlock. Gorgeous, untouchable Sherlock.
Millions of eyes were already on me, as the Reichenbach hero, as the shining private detective. Challenging me at that point, with my fame at its height, ensured that not only were we both headline news, but also that some of that fame turned to notoriety. I wasn’t known for my likability or my humility, and getting me into a courtroom almost guaranteed that I’d show off at someone’s expense.
“Stop it,” Sherlock growled, and I imagined black hackles rising as his voice rose to a roar. “Stop it
“And best friend,” Skye singsonged. “And only confidant. And closest thing to family he’s had since his sister’s drinking problem escalated.” The brat was perched on the kitchen counter, and had rolled his eyes at the ceiling.
“Otherwise busy,” Sherlock snapped from his place on the couch.
“What if someone says it completely innocently?” I asked. The trigger they’d chosen wasn’t a very unnatural set of words, after all. Someone
At this point I lost my temper. “I’m clean,” I retorted; “thank you for offering to
“Oh.”
It really was Aleksandr, then.
“Honestly, though, the idea of agreeing with the beast scares me to death.”
Skye’s eyebrow twitched. “And werewolves are always werewolves, whether transformed or not. Now, don’t be tedious, come on!”
All in all, I only survived that week because of those six people.
“Sorry, Greg, looks like he’s found something else to occupy himself with.” I gave the DI a look of sympathy. “Thanks for running it by us.”
“You found them!” he crowed, perched on the sofa. “And John, you tracked them down!” His eyes glittered with pride, like a father whose child had learned how to run the family business.
John tried to convince me to try some of the more – vicious – treatments. When I recalled what those entailed (such as piercing the werewolf’s hands with nails) I shot him down. “I'm not
“And you didn't protest his taking control?” my friend queried. Sensible question, given my mistrust of that new part of me. I decided to answer honestly, grinning slightly as I came down from the adrenaline high. “Given the occasion, I was cheering him on.”
“Sherlock… did I eat something?”
John. I'm not letting you go through this on your own,” I declared earnestly. After all, he had been the one to push me out of the way – I should have been the target of that attack.
Phoenix tossed a newspaper at me and began digging around in his pockets – he was wearing this ridiculously voluminous coat over a green plaid shirt and black tie. “Might want to have a look at that.”
Brace yourselves, guys. Johnlock is going down. [9:51 PM]
“Who was it? Donovan? I bet it was Donovan.” No doubt in my mind. “Am I somehow responsible for the kidnapping? Oh, Moriarty is
Ship name. [9:52 PM]
I huffed in a way Molly knew meant ‘it’s for his/her/their/your own good’.
Even flooded with giddy joy and admiration, I still had the presence of mind to keep our path as far from the busier roads as possible. It wouldn’t really do to scare random civilians, and to a stranger, John looked a fearsome thing, but I found him wonderful, even like this. Still, I knew him.
“That’s… terrible… I’m sorry.” John, compassionate John, looked vaguely spooked and sympathetic.
“Is that safe for you to do, Dr. Watson?” Mycroft asked from the door.
beings sharing one body. I don’t know exactly
I relaxed, and so did he. Sometimes I forgot that the likes of Donovan and Anderson called him a freak, but at times like this I found it in myself to wonder why. He was abrasive, sure, and could be a stroppy toddler when he wanted to be, but he did have a heart, contrary to their claims. “Look, it’s not like I want to be suicidal, Sherlock. But I wouldn’t have a choice if you hadn’t agreed to this. So… thank you.”
“Yeah,” he admitted.
“Darling, they didn’t have any ground coffee so I just got normal –” said Jim Moriarty.
Sherlock –”
I knew he was just showing off and trying to irritate Donovan – he and RJ had a telepathic bond, they didn’t need to talk to transmit information. But RJ answered verbally, “Ages nine and seven. Names: Max and Claudette, respectively.”
Oh dear. This wasn’t how I pictured this happening. John, of course, didn’t see the telltale signs of Donovan’s emotional vulnerability. I made a note to tell the wolf when the absolute
Of course! The murderer had told us to ‘sod off’, that he wasn’t sharing. That meant he knew that other werewolves existed in the London vicinity. At least one had to have turned him – what else could explain the sudden up-cropping of disembowelled humans?
I protested: “I’ve been acting normally.”
“Sherlock’s brother, the one in government. I’d think this falls under his jurisdiction.”
One of the assassins must’ve gotten impatient and just – gone off.
, I added morosely inside my head. Somewhere isolated, preferably.
but again and again he blew me off.
I verbalised the parts of my thought process John would need to understand. “Four assassins living right on our doorstep. They didn’t come here to kill me; they have to keep me alive.” What did that mean? Quickly, Sherlock! “I’ve got something that all of them want, but if one of them approaches me…” I sat down at the table, flicking out my wrists before getting to work on the laptop.
Mycroft took me aside as soon as the ceremony officially ended.
“No.”
“John?”
Phoenix whispered mentally.
Trust me, you don’t want to know what’d come of it.
“The best I’ve slept in a while, thanks,” Skye answered, accepting his cocoa happily and taking a long drink. Due to Sherlock’s propensity to experiment and our discovery of an article that proposed that drinking water from a werewolf’s footprint could turn you, Skye and I had reserved mugs for ourselves, and used only those, as well as preventing Sherlock from using them.
,” I cried. Shameful slip of the tongue, that ‘else’, but his words could not help but make me think of my childhood dog. No. I would not feel that wretchedness, that helplessness, again. Once was enough and John was not a dog.
Jesus.
When the clock on my mobile flicked to 6:59 PM, I shouted to the boys that I was going out, caught up my coat, and ran down the stairs just in time to see a black car (typical, Mycroft) turn the corner. As it pulled up, I knocked on the window and the driver lowered it. “D’you think the fishing’s good this time of year?”
The wolf must have taken my silence as tacit consent, because he was suddenly leaning over me, clasping my wrists and looking at me intently. Oh God those eyes – I derailed that train of thought, but I knew from my once-again accelerated pulse that my attraction was making itself known very flagrantly.
), and now I was supposed to trust him?
me. You know it, I know it, Skye knows it, stop using it as an excuse to bundle him away like a criminal! He’s no more a criminal than you, John!”
“Oh don’t be ridiculous, John,” I scolded sharply, beginning to pace again.
Anyhow, I could wax lyrical about this whole thing, but you seriously don’t want to read my attempts. Even Molly thinks they’re a bit silly, and this is
I shut him down, obviously. “You don't get to have things your way, John. Not this time. Not about this.”
“Where’s Skye?” he asked, looking around for the Pup.
no Moriarty. There never has been!”
I’d been meaning to ask about that. “Are you sure that’s his real name?” I queried. “He seems slow to respond whenever it’s called.”
I started, then I remembered. “Well, yeah,” I said sheepishly. “It wasn’t intentional, in case you were –”
That’d be me, by the way. Mostly because I get to say I’m in love with the most infuriating, ridiculous, childish, and absolutely
Then they turned to Skye and yelled, “Called it!” at the top of their lungs. Skye rolled his eyes, only to meet my confused, slightly peeved gaze, and glance back at the pair, as if to say ‘
The blond struggled out from Sherlock’s grasp, shifted, and streaked behind me. He shifted again and laughed. “You know those bullets wouldn’t hurt me, John. Even in human form, those bullets would have to be silver to hurt an Ayhan werewolf. British ones, I’m not so sure.”
“Of course he’s not bloody okay,” Phoenix growled. “I’m afraid to check my laptop now for fear of what I might see on there. He’s strong, but he won’t hold out forever.” He kicked the pavement in frustration. “And it’s all dead ends, dead ends, and dead ends!”
He planted that doubt in her head; that little nagging sensation. You’re going to have to be strong to resist. You can’t kill an idea, can you? Not once it’s made a home
miss Moriarty, and apparently it was all I asked. Reasonable, in a way, since this month he'd been so focused on me, and I was afraid that he regretted that choice. These past four weeks had only seen cases he’d normally have spurned as too easy – not quite Bluebell level, but some came quite close. Skye had actually offered to introduce a friend of his who was like Sherlock himself, but I had gotten a bit restless at the mention of him and Sherlock had refused.
, let alone other people, without reason?
“Rollo and I have a bond, of sorts. He’s a telepath/telekinetic, so it was easy. He has a sort of presence in the back of my mind, and the moment he was kidnapped it started fading. I can’t feel him at all now, and it’s…” He scrubbed at his face wearily. “It’s draining me.”
“Done,” Sherlock replied, holding up my pilfered mobile. “You git,” I bit back fondly.
which was of course insensitive and utterly off the mark. It didn’t matter whether he did or didn’t look gay, it mattered that he clearly
“Do you think he’s okay?” I ventured hesitantly. Maybe talking about RJ would let him think more clearly about the situation. –God, now I sounded like Ella.
“You’re alive! Why didn’t you tell me, you absolute dick?”
“Phoenix Wilde, sir,” said Phoenix, nodding. He gave the licence number, which both Sherlock and I memorised.
“It’s what people do, don’t they?” His voice dwindled to a murmur. “…Leave a note.”
?” he growled.
“In our country, werewolves are seen as a threat,” explained the man with indigo eyes. “When he was nine years old, he was discovered to be a werewolf. When he was twelve, two guards framed him for a murder he most certainly hadn't committed. He… how would you put it… flipped out.” For something that happened years ago, his voice was still that curious kind of flat some people get when they’re trying not to cry. “He killed them on the spot. I had no choice; I ordered his execution.”
that I realized something: they weren’t speaking English.
It was only when I heard the name
Phoenix sighed and looked away, squaring his shoulders. “You’re right. I should have known that what I could have seen, you could also see. RJ Hawthorne is my boyfriend.” The word hung in the air between the four of us: he determined, Skye concerned, Sherlock triumphant, and I shocked.
.’ “Each living person has a unique mental signature – like a fingerprint. That’s what I’ll be looking for.”
“Any agony would be worth it if it made it safe for people to be around me again,” he replied, steel in the edge of his voice. This was Doctor Watson, who spoke for the greater good. How I hated him just then!
Moriarty, though,” I said. “We’ve met, remember? You might’ve forgotten, but try and remember… yeah, remember the pool? You were gonna blow me up.”
RJ, drying his tears, took a deep breath. “I had to lock your memory.”
was always going to be
“You’d have better luck in Sussex, sir,” responded the driver, and as the window rolled back up I got in and curled up against the door.
“I can't,” I said simply. Not just because of the technicalities. (He may be tailless, but how much wolf anatomy did Wolf-John retain? I was sure humans were not made to accommodate knots. It was enough to make anyone terrified of intercourse.) Because
Greg, who’d dropped by to pick us up, cracked up at Skye’s antics and exchanged a sad look with me.
,” he explained, in a way that reminded me of ‘Is it nice not being me? It must be so relaxing –
I was their caretaker, making sure that the transports to those brains weren’t failing from lack of rest, food, or water. Phoenix was more often than not on his stomach on the rug mapping out clues with a portable whiteboard and assorted markers, Sherlock was usually haunting the hallways between his bedroom and the living room, making a web with graphics, thumbtacks, and a red ball of string.
“By the way, we should let Mycroft know to collect the people you incapacitated, before they run away,” my friend said conversationally. I shrugged. “Texted him the address in the cab.”
Finally Sherlock growled in frustration and allowed the wolf to follow us to the haven that was 221B Baker Street.
It didn’t turn out to be a nightmare. Of course not. Just my luck. I had to point it out the following morning, panic in my voice. “Sherlock. I've got the scar.”
Surprisingly, Sally Donovan was there too, though I tried not to be
“Just with a werewolf curse attached?” I remarked bitterly.
“I am well aware of that,” I replied delicately, hiding my eyes in my cup of tea. It was a bittersweet notion. Skye, who’d been curled up discreetly near the fireplace, smirked at me and trotted out. Damnable dog.
. Skye snorted from the arm of the sofa.
… I’ll be doing the explaining – in print. It’s all here – conclusive proof. You invented James Moriarty, your nemesis.”
“Are… are you here for a case?” I asked, seeing as he
“Honestly, I have no idea. A month’s research and interviewing with other werewolves hasn’t brought me any closer to the answer. The data does agree, however, that you are firmly
He didn’t shoot.
I blinked at the barrage of questions. It was like the flood of insecurity had suddenly been undammed and rushed out like the Red Sea (where was that again? Oh yes, the Bible – interesting). Then I replaced my cup, leaned forward, and began to explain with brutal honesty:
” John yelled. “That – that
Plausible enough, I decided, supported by all the known data, and verifiable enough through experimentation.
I was still shell-shocked, so I had no problem pretending to be surprised. “Er, no.”
German lore says that to survive meeting a werewolf you have to call his name three times and he'll turn back into a man. Danish legends say to scold the werewolf if you meet one. Just that.
And it seemed Moriarty knew that.
His silent rage shot through me, as heady as adrenaline but not nearly so pleasant.
and patterns. Finally, one bright night, we stumbled on a crime scene. Well, when I say crime scene...we slipped inside a nightmare might be more adequate a description.
Well, at least I liked this hallucination.
“That’s not very likely to happen,” Skye assured me. “Since Sherlock is… well, dead, you’re not going on any cases anytime soon, and I assume that phrase was related to a previous case. Anyway, the probability of the client from that previous case showing up again and saying
We resumed the chase, and I swear I saw Wolf-Skye wink as he dropped back and veered away.
Even if it was just the chemicals, it was John, and I didn’t really care anymore how I loved him. It was enough that we knew I did.
I stared at him. All the shock of the last two weeks was
“If you could be conscious of the wolf’s actions all the time, would you want to do it?” I asked then. “When you were aware of the wolf’s actions, was it better than being unaware of them?”
, like I’ve been repeating from the start?”
“You don’t know Sherlock then,” I replied, my voice growing more confident. “He’s on the case, and if he can’t solve it in time he will never forgive himself until he gets his own form of revenge.”
rather refreshing, and we might found out if Henry Knight was actually bitten by a werewolf into the deal.” Linking his arm with mine, he tugged me in some indeterminate direction.
Probably a serial killer, he'd proclaimed enthusiastically, that then gave the body to his (surely abused and half-feral) dogs to mess up the traces. Perhaps – considering a few recently buried bodies dug out and ripped into in a nearby graveyard – a cannibal who had finally decided to get himself some fresh meat.
The mousy-haired shop boy shook his head. “Not Nix’s kind of empath. Not only can he see a person’s entire emotional state and probably how they came to be that way, he can ‘broadcast’ emotions as well. That’s the dangerous part. Empaths like Phoenix were used in the wars, as spies and saboteurs. It’s a category that’s been stigmatised over the years because of the behaviours of the empaths groomed for war. Some of them were taken in childhood and raised to be as close to sociopathic as possible.”
My first thought was
I read it and looked up in shock.
. The hidden fear buried in my subconscious was quieted; he hadn’t picked up on my longing.
“Goodbye, John.” That awful finality – no –
me? Dangerous attracts me like a bee to honey.”
“We’ll take the case,” Sherlock announced pompously. “Kindly get your corpulent self out the door so I can think properly.” His fingers were rubbing at the bases of Skye’s ears absently. I almost laughed; Sherlock, neglect a pet? Never – he wasn’t the type to pass up free affection.
“Attack? He was subduing me,” I protested.
I thought fiercely as the wolf began fighting for control. It would have succeeded had Skye not snarled at RJ with more annoyance than anger and indicated me.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dropped it,” I answered. Skye nodded in response, and my brain observed quietly that Phoenix and RJ must’ve gone for help, and while Phoenix had gotten hold of Skye, RJ had gone for someone else – Aleksandr, probably. Oh God, Sherlock was infecting me too – for all his talk of how my terminology had affected his thought processes his own methods were a bit intrusive too.
far from famous!” There was absolutely no way this could turn out well – this fucking media circus combined with my socially oblivious Bohemian hermit of a boyfriend would only result in a disaster.
I tore through the door, not bothering to shut it. Ripping down the stairs and out the front door of 221, I raced down the street with my transport thrumming with excitement. I loved this part of a case, if it ever came, though not as much as the mental stimulation part. He did catch up with me, of course, and I almost slowed to admire the smoothness of his run. Truly, Nature had moulded the wolf – and werewolf – for the hunt.
He did care; he cared very much.
meant that way. Even if they were, it wasn’t as though they would lead anywhere. John very emphatically
Well, the point of agreeing to take care of John’s ‘danger nights’ was to see to any needs he might have, after all. I settled beside him, and soon I was hugging him, breathing against his fur. And I really shouldn't be the one drawing comfort from the act, but I was.
“How did you do it?”
“I…” I took a breath to clear my lungs. Did confessions always feel like a weight all over your torso? “I was in love with him before you ever showed up, even the littlest bit.”
This queer new occurrence had tried to, but not completely, taken my mind off John’s impending transformation. The lower the sun dipped, the more anxious we both became, until I just picked up my violin to play the songs John liked. Finally, the sky darkened to a dark blue that reminded me of John’s eyes at times… Damned romanticism!
We couldn’t cure his condition, but we could learn to live with it. Once, when John was out doing some errand or other, I laid my plan out before Skye. Annoying though the Pup could be, he had survived about 260 full moons (if I was correct about his earliest memories being from both forms), and was the expert.
, was his parting thought to me.
Skye shifted back and smacked me. “It’s a curse, but that doesn’t mean we can’t make it our own blessing, John.”
I was admittedly horrified when John informed me that he would be moving out – alone – and I strenuously objected, all the while trying to quell the anguish at the back of my throat. I surely couldn’t revert to my life without my conductor of light, not as a result of my own stupidity and boredom. “
“How, exactly?”
It made me strangely sad.
Still, John (and the wolf) didn’t like it when he was involved, so best to leave that up to my smug sibling if I got conclusive proof that Moriarty was behind this.
), the anxiety when he was taken (shak
I’d gotten used to.
The white-blond man was just as still, radiating tranquil ocean to Skye’s lake frost.
“And are your brother's stalker tendencies a front, too?” I asked, half curious, half joking.
The reason for my fast-beating heart quickly changed from desire to terror. He was too close, too fast, and all I could think of was John: John’s disgust, John’s
Donovan’s face scrunched up. “Oh, go on, both of you. He’s useless anyway.”
I didn’t complain.
The adjournment to the cemetery was the worst. Wolves don’t traditionally bury their dead, and Skye had explained to me the day before that sometimes werewolves are stressed at burials because their wolves fundamentally don’t understand the practice, especially if the deceased person was close to the werewolf.
happy.
The name was spoken with a trill to its R that sounded slightly Afro-Asian, jolting me to the epiphany that they were conversing in an entirely different language, the words of which RJ was translating and putting into my mind in the appropriate voices.
A week whirled by, full of clues, false scents, and frustration. At the end of each day, Sherlock slumped into his mind palace, Phoenix crashed asleep on the sofa, Skye curled up near the stairs outside, and I retired to my cosy bed – all of us run ragged and with tempers dancing on a string.
If he was Sherlock he would have rolled his eyes and spat out that being deliberately obtuse didn’t suit me. As it was, the contempt in the slow blink of his eyes and the shift of his shoulders was enough. “I know what I saw, Dr. Watson,” he said. “It was most definitely a dog – joined by another for a short time, at that.” He turned to Sherlock. “Was it wise, brother mine?”
to hear how very like Moriarty he sounded, even in RJ’s English translation of his Canar. “Say that again,
With that, the older Holmes laid out his case. Someone had been leaking data that really shouldn’t have been leaked – not to Wikileaks, which would’ve been embarrassing enough, but to some people who could use said data to wreak havoc that Mycroft really wouldn’t want to have to clean up. “No state secrets, of course,” he concluded. “However, it is enough to need to be taken care of, as soon as possible.”
Skye rolled his eyes. “Humans and werewolves are closely related, so obviously humans count as pack if so chosen. And you – you’re so obviously pack it makes my teeth hurt.” He licked his two front teeth for emphasis. “I’m going to get cavities from you two.”
Sherlock flashed a closed-mouth smile before huffing. “Your consistently good character is to be credited for how easy it is to manage such times, John. Otherwise I’m sure I would have given up.”
“Now for our plans,” Sherlock announced. “Mycroft’s made arrangements for you to join Doctors Without Borders – you’ll just have to sign the paperwork. The volunteer work will allow you to come with me; Moriarty’s web spans several continents, and I’d rather not take the chance that there aren’t any long-standing orders for our demise. We’ve a proper hunt at last, John!” His eyes glittered.
Shop employee of some sort (
going to be good for my blood pressure a decade from now. “
“No, Dr. Watson. You let me in last night, remember?” The young man blurred out of sight, and in his place sat the golden wolf we’d allowed in last night. Sherlock let out a strangled exclamation and almost fell over backwards. The wolf blurred back into the young man. “There. You know me. I’m safe.”
I almost burned myself. Of course I was still cooking, because he’d likely consumed enormous amounts of energy by transforming and ‘hunting’ like that. There was a reason most true wolves ate meat by the deer (elk, moose, etc., as the case may be). I snapped at myself for being stupid. Just because he looked like this he wouldn't use words as if they concerned a real wolf. “Mate as in fellow?” I asked anyway.
you could start by giving him the proper pronoun at least,” I snapped, cutting him off. I began to pace agitatedly, veering around the sleeping Skye curled up on the rug, the ends of the threads trying to come together in my brain. I could feel them itching to be made into the right idea, but it kept slipping away from me no matter how hard I tried. “He’s
I resolved to let the words slip my mind.
“Why are you mine, when you were never his before? We’re not all that different, and you’ve rejected him – hell, you rejected him before you even got to know him! At Angelo’s, you shot him down like lightning. What happens when you finally understand that I’m not some exotic being, but
), and typed often (
“Know what? Experiment away. I authorise you. At least you won't be bored.”
Now, notice that while Aleksandr always addresses Skye as 'Maximka', the only times Skye addresses his brother by diminutive ('Sasha' and 'Sashura') he's being deliberately familiar because he's insulting him. Every other time, he uses Aleksandr's given name. I don't know how younger brothers address older ones, but just between brothers that's a pretty big insult. Skye is basically reducing Aleksandr to a stranger - worse, even, since he uses the diminutives to insult him. Skye has cut Aleksandr out of his circle completely, even going so far as to nonverbally signal that Aleksandr is now a hostile figure to him.
“Damn my leg!” he shouted. “I’m going to get you two home safe if it’s the last fucking thing I do.” Phoenix nodded and capped his pen, tucking it into his pocket.
“Come back down,” I requested. He complied, and I made him tea to let him think that I wanted to try some potion or other, or perhaps make a last-minute attempt with the wolfsbane (as if, really).
), scatter-brained (
“What about wolfsbane?” he asked, not too long after the incident in which he struck me.
Fingers crossed, I can finish this fic in November.
“Yes,” I grouched. It was undeniable anyhow. “The point is that I’m not going to suddenly dump you because you’re John. In fact, the only reason I allowed this arrangement of ours at all is
“John.”
“I can assure you I’m not. Just get in the car, and don’t bring anyone with you.”
“Phoenix Wilde and RJ Hawthorne, and they understand the situation completely,” Skye assured me. “They’re both discreet and very trustworthy. Awesome friends, by the way. In fact, they’re something like you two.”
“Yes, well, he'll always be a pompous, meddling, overbearing git, but I don't despise him quite as much as I look to,” my friend confessed.
Now this was even more idiocy than John in his stupidest, dullest moments. “You made it clear from the first night that you and John were separate entities, or at least had separate personalities. Given it’s his body you’re using, I rather think it would be considered rape if we weren’t to get his wholehearted consent, which he has
Skye burst in, bright as always and grinning with merriment. And before I could warn him about the stranger in the room, he shifted and bounded over to me, putting his paws in my lap and lolling his tongue out in a delighted wolf-laugh.
Mycroft took a breath and looked at me. “When he was a child we owned a dog; Sherlock adored it –”
“I am a
“No, don’t –
“Should I add that we don’t even know John’s symptoms yet, let alone what mine would be if you bit me?” Sherlock cut in scathingly. Oh, good, he’d been projecting.
With that, the little enigma who’d decided to invade my life to help me shrugged his denim jacket more comfortably around his shoulders, adjusted his gloves, and made for the door.
Interesting. Her affair with Anderson was off for the moment, going by the way she kept pointedly not looking at him and the tightly defensive way she crossed her arms. Maybe her moral code had won out on this argument.
I remember trying to hug his body and being yanked away by about three different people. I wasn’t going to let them take him away again, after what he’d just done to himself and to me. Then pelting footsteps and the relief of a packmate’s presence. Three loud cracks –
The wolf did
I told them the bad news, but as soon as I said ‘Sherlock is dead’ I stopped. I couldn’t remember
That’s the pair of you, by the way. [9:52 PM]
“Okay…” He was listening intently, his eyes focused as if absorbing every word.
Fear and terror and getbacktoSherlocknowitwasabloodyfuckingtrick – sinking pit in my stomach –
I tried to ignore the fact that Sherlock looked both mildly impressed and a bit scared, and objected. “He was a kid! Didn’t he have a guardian who could take responsibility? Couldn’t he have just been put on probation or something? Don’t you have juvie where you live?”
Because a wiry little redhead burst through the door and saluted to Skye, who leapt at him, shifting back to human in mid-air and pinning him to the wall. “Insubordination, Wilde?” he asked, coldly.
“Right. I’d forgotten how
“Sausages and pork fillet, John. After all that running, it didn't seem right to starve you. I didn't think you'd be contrary,” Sherlock explained, looking vaguely puzzled. It seemed he sensed my unease but was confused as to the reason.
“Yeah, of course. Sorry. I... don't know why I lashed out like that.”
She raised her eyebrow.
at any cost. I barely recall surging forward before my cloudy mind was suddenly cleared.
“That’s my chair.”
Mrs. Hudson was dragged upstairs and questioned – lino on Tuesday, not important, deleted – while I thought out loud. Skull, no. Shelves – no, no, hmm… disturbance on the far right. And… aha! I pried the little camera off the shelf as Lestrade and John entered the room. It was then that I noticed that not only had John gone down, Phoenix and RJ had also not followed us back to the flat. Hm.
to do something. John, what happened to your gun?”
“Cab?” Phoenix asked. I nodded. No chance telling anyone that I could smell people out, even if they believed me. Besides, there was no time to lose, and Phoenix and I could take on at least six people.
The poor detective actually looked confused! “What for?”
That reminded me. “Can you do something for me?” I asked, suddenly solemn. When he nodded, I said, “This is going to sound absolutely daft, but I’m being serious. I might freeze or do anything else natural of extreme shocks.”
“Of course, they’re not the whole force,” RJ put in. “But they’re a significant enough amount of it that magic is part of their operations. I recognised quite a few sigs.”
“That's why we pretend to hate each other,” Sherlock explained. “That way, people won’t think these things will work, but this time our ruse utterly failed. He won't like that.”
I had done some research on true wolves, and learned that packs, though easily dissolved and easily abandoned, defended each other and their territory fiercely. Skye provided some hints there. Perched on the arm of my chair, he told me that Ayhan werewolf packs bonded so deeply with each other that even in feral full-moon form they refused to hurt their own packmates.
“Not just Canar werewolves, Savran and Anagorian ones as well,” Reyalon confirmed. “As far as I know they are former Outlanders who found their way to England. The fix here is that someone is paying them as magical mercenaries, and they don’t care. I can’t control them because I don’t have any authority, and even my magic can only go so far.”
They only had one pair of handcuffs, so they had to handcuff a significantly roughed-up John to my left hand. The wolf still smouldered in his eyes, even as I tried to calm him down by talking. Our grand escape consisted of me pretending to take John hostage (which most people on that scene took as a sign of my sociopathy by the looks on their faces – John
Hold up a moment… I could smell him too? What was the point of making this hallucination so detailed – or making it at all? I opened the door slowly and began walking toward it.
I’d thought the wolf would be afraid of the lights or something, as most wolves are timid creatures, but Small Wolf seemed perfectly at home, dashing up the fire escape and snapping to be let in. With a sigh, Sherlock let him in. Small Wolf was really not very small at all – he made the flat suddenly seem a size smaller.
Incensed, I leapt up in retaliation only to be knocked flat. His eyes – his eyes were blue fire, and before I knew it I was apologising almost hysterically. Damnable survival instinct should have known that it was
“Hang on – what the fuck?” Skye took the paper. “Rich Brook, what kind of sick game is this?” He looked up, his hands instinctively loading his pistol as if knowing what kind of trouble was stirring. “Sherlock, what’s your plan?”
Oh, this’ll be fun.”
“What?” I blinked at him. “Why can’t I bring the boys?”
“The wolf, yes,” I answered, “and you're right, he was in control for quite a while. For once, though, he let me be aware of what was happening.”
“John,” I said again, bolder this time. Skye was there. He was backup, however much I hated backup. Hopefully John’s name would keep the wolf’s attention on me.  “Why do you want to leave?”
If only I could do the same.
RJ started, then laughed. “You’re quick! Yes, it’s an alias he assumes wherever he goes, just in case his brother’s spies find him.” The sandy eyes took on a bluish tint sadly. “Those two go way back, but they have a… let’s just say a complicated history; too many misunderstandings to count, a metric ton of petty arguments, and, of course, the issue of authority.”
– a statue. I suspected that if Sher hadn’t been so high-strung about the whole situation, he would have frozen exactly like that when I first told him I loved him: eyes staring straight ahead, mouth just the teeniest bit open, and entire body as rigid as ice.
“How can we help you?” I gestured to Sherlock.
), left-handed (
“Well, what is it then?” the wolf pressed testily.
“The moon is almost here,” he murmured, voice rustling in my ears even as the fire in his eyes held my gaze. He’d evidently given up trying to persuade me. “Is this some sort of fantasy, Sherlock? Overtaken by the big bad wolf? No responsibility of yours?” he whispered. I could hear the smile in his tone.
I have until Chapter 10 for you guys today! Yay! It's crescendoing indeed...
“Are we telling them?” I asked.
and no one else who charmed that mix of chemicals out of me.
, I tried to tell him frantically. “I’ve already agreed to care for it for a few days.” It? Really?
I was tugged sharply against a coated chest with a scarf on it, my collarbone uncomfortably held against a button.
My questioning thought must have been heard, because he thought:
“I’m not torturing you!” I gritted out. Hadn’t we had enough of this? “It is totally unnecessary, excessively painful, not to mention extremely difficult to do – and I would let it rip me apart for doing that to you.” I bit my tongue – stupid, Sherlock.
. I laughed again.
For once, Skye let Sherlock take the lead. “You’re not a monster, John,” the detective announced, in much the same way he said anything – with that undertone of ‘It’s obvious’. “You’re John, just…”
“And a telekinetic, listen properly,” Phoenix snapped. “Yes, it means he can do what Skye does, but he’s a more powerful telepath than Skye, so his talents should be able to stretch to temporary control.”
Skye bared his teeth again from the arm of the sofa. “Get to the point.”
“Why not? It’s not as though anyone would have believed you.” I shrugged. “Another supernatural nutter.”
I’d been angry about that… but then again, I
Skye grinned and waved the pistol. “Makes it easier to hold a gun. Where are we going?”
Several bandages and painkillers later, John suggested that we go to the Hawthorne-Wilde flat instead of making them come to us, but Skye informed us that the pair were still in hospital and would probably be for quite some time, so that project was postponed until the morrow.
“Good morning,” I greeted them. “Sleep well?” I stalked into the kitchen and returned some minutes later with tea for me and Sherlock and cocoa for Skye. I didn’t feel hungry, which made me even more uneasy and even angrier at Sherlock.
All he did was look at me and smirk, smirk, smirk. I hated being laughed at. I hated being humiliated.
My spirits dampened. Skye’s icy blue eyes looked a bit misty, and I wondered if perhaps his relationship with his brother was a bit more complicated than anyone had let on. In a way, I guess our situations were similar; we loved our siblings but couldn’t reach them anymore. Our jagged edges scraped too much.
“Thanks again!” He flashed us a bright smile, though I saw the worry in his eyes, and jogged over to his boyfriend, lifting the unconscious young man gently and carrying him outside, where already I could hear the wail of sirens.
I watched in shock as the young man snapped his fingers in front of Sherlock’s eyes and the detective went out like a light. I didn’t even have time to think
I was frightened by how easily John could be set off. Things that he would have slipped past without even a comment now elicited growls that sent a frisson of terror up my spine, much as I hated to admit it. I could tell even he was confused by it, so I tried not to tiptoe around him so obviously.
alone. I leaned up into his kiss, ardent and intoxicating, but all too soon a spike of primal terror struck me and I bolted back.
he died. It was blank, fuzzy, a haze of a field beyond a rainy window. A vague feeling of grief and loss pervaded the space in my mind where the memories should’ve been, but there were no memories.
“What?” I croaked.
“I’m here for my brother.”
“Nah,” he said. “Just going on my own instincts. Rollo and I are going home now – or to hospital, which we probably need to call now – so don’t be strangers, alright?” He passed me a slip with his number and RJ’s on it, along with Skye’s. “Don’t hesitate to call even if it’s the middle of December and twelve midnight.” I understood. He was a teacher; he had hours. But he didn’t give a fuck in our case.
“What else can I do, Sherlock?” he asked, letting his defeat colour his voice. He turned to the dusky-gold wolf beside him. “You have any alternatives, Skye?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why’d you let me go through all of that?” I asked, genuinely curious and just the slightest bit pissed.
So how do you think I can incorporate TRF into the denouement? How involved do you guys think the SRP (Skye, RJ, and Phoenix) trio should be in this one?
“Just a few nights, is it? You don't mind, you say. Of course you don't. You have no case going presently.” Fine, it wasn't the kindest objection, but I needed him to realize that this couldn’t very feasibly be a long-term arrangement. I didn’t have any other options, though…
“Unless he developed allergies somehow between then and now I don’t think that’s a problem,” I shot back. My wolf was sending a clear message with gritted teeth and low voice:
“You figure it out. I'm going to sleep and hope that this turns out to be a nightmare,” I replied, leaving him and Small Wolf alone in the living room as I went to bed. He wouldn’t harm Sherlock, of that I was fairly sure. He could have done it many times before now, and he hadn’t.
RJ snickered and did a wolf-whistle that simultaneously made my wolf growl out of jealousy and heated up my cooled embarrassment all over again. Phoenix smirked.
I had always known that Sherlock would be the death of me someday (by proxy, of course; he wasn't a murderer). But I had never factored in – not even after Baskerville – that something quite like this could happen.
“At least you’re not Anderson,” I heard John say as I zeroed in on the copy of my case web I kept in my mind palace. It’d be too much trouble to get the photos again and make the web up again, so this would have to do.
I wish I had the words to describe how absolutely floored my detective looked. His brow twitched with irritation, and he sat up straighter. Only the fact that his pride would suffer a blow was the only thing keeping me from snickering at his prickliness. Sherlock might act all high-and-mighty, but he still wanted respect.
Skye, his teeth bared, lifting his arm to shoot thrice into the air for some privacy – “John, look at me” –
“Perfect for building trust into the unsuspecting, you know,” Skye interjected. “Someone turns up with diamonds and gold in his very pockets…”
I looked up to see Sherlock stalking forward, his teeth bared. “It’s all over,” Moriarty chittered. “It’s all –
Before we could swamped in awkwardness, we were disturbed by steps on the stairs. It wasn’t Skye – his step was lighter and faster – and the deliberate gait made me think of Mycroft instantly. And speak of the devil, next minute he was sitting in Sherlock’s chair. I didn’t really like that Mycroft had free access to 221 Baker Street, especially because, like his little brother, he couldn’t be bothered to knock unless he was being purposefully polite. Still, he cared about Sherlock too, so some allowances had to be made.
“Human body now. Let's mate,” Wolf-John growled in a tone of voice I had never heard before. My heart rate accelerated, and I cursed my transport for making my attraction so damned
. Skye, however, turned to me and said, “Phoenix isn’t gay. He’s demisexual.” Damn telepaths!
was always going to be never having been born a werewolf,
“Yes, the case isn’t over yet,” I snapped. Bastards destroyed my case web; pity, I’d have to make it again. “Could you tell Phoenix to come over here and help?”
I was entirely ready to play, and glad that he'd found the previous day pleasing enough to bear repetition. Of course, I should have been put on guard by the half-threat to render me like him (there were things deep in my brain that really shouldn't be allowed out –
Skye shook his head. “Nope!” He popped the ‘p’. “Can’t be reversed. It’s lycanthropy, and good old straightforward British lycanthropy too. I’ve never seen it in action.” He scampered onto the arm of my chair like an excited child, and clapped his hands. “More fun for everyone.”
” I demanded, my voice more roar than question. They had no right to do that to me.
, also known as monkshood or wolfsbane. It was a perfectly lethal poison for regular humans, if thought to cure lycanthropy. After all, though he was a werewolf, John was a human. If it didn’t kill him, I doubted it would cure his condition. Unfortunately, I had no evidence for or against the latter claim, as my only reliable authority had taken to clearing out during these talks of remedies.
John says I don’t notice physical features very well; it’s not that I don’t see them, it’s that I deem them unimportant and delete them. RJ’s hair was even mousier than Molly’s, but his eyes were the interesting bit. They were a funny crystal colour that took on the hue of whatever happened to be most prevalent. At the moment, because there were so many green things in this room, his eyes were a light jade.
We did attempt the mildest of the remedies we found (though I concur with him in that there is really nothing mild about drinking so much vinegar. It made him sick, as did most of the others), though judging by the continued presence of the shorter temper and the continued assertive behaviour of the other werewolf, they had no effect.
We passed a bit more time with useless small talk before RJ cut to the chase at last. “You’re here about the case, aren’t you?” He was so sure it wasn’t a question, only a strangely worded statement.
“It was when RJ’s case came up and Phoenix and I lived here for a bit,” he answered. “All your little mannerisms that said you were so comfortable with each other were everything an alpha pair’s should be. I knew then that your wolf had chosen Sherlock as his mate.” He raked back his hair. “You’ve met my brother.”
Since RJ couldn’t hear Aleksandr anymore he couldn’t translate for me, so when Aleksandr spoke again, to Sherlock and me, we understood none of it. He sighed, and said in accented English, “I’m sorry about all that.” He lay there for another minute before heaving himself to his feet and sitting back down in the client’s chair. Sherlock appeared to be taking in the magnitude of calm, cheerful Skye’s violent reaction, and the rug was pulled out from under me, too.
He wrinkled his nose unreadably. “Fine.”
Before long we were dashing through the streets of London, heading for the exact area where RJ Hawthorne had been kidnapped. “We’d just finished up here,” said Wilde. “Both of us had had breakfast, and he’d had coffee. I hailed a cab, just like this” – he raised a hand and let it down again – “and got in, readying my wallet in my pocket. I heard the cab door slam – nothing peculiar about that – and he was gone. I leapt out and surveyed the street, but he was out of sight. No one was in a hurry. Everything seemed normal.”
Phoenix and RJ jumped in as soon as Skye’s outburst abated some; they pulled him off, but not before he managed one more kick to Aleksandr’s ribs and a broken, “You
“Oh, I'm sure I could find something,” he said, sniffing loudly. I had to remind myself that this was still John, even should their personalities prove disparate. This was still my flatmate, however far removed he was from the forefront of that wolfish mind.
As I was unchaining him, he told me, “You've already saved me. Let's go home.”
I’d been wondering how to find out where Sherlock was, when I realised that I just
“I wouldn’t have,” John assured me, with heartfelt conviction.
“Was it all true, then? How can it be?” he countered, sounding lost. But he must have decided that we couldn't both panic, because then he continued, “No matter. It's clearly not impossible, since it happened. People called chemists alchemists in the past, before the truth was understood. You are currently an unknown quantity, but we're going to figure you out. Don't worry, John.”
The detective
“What do you want?” I asked, nonchalant with a note of a growl in it. The wolf didn’t appreciate the strange, arrogant man intruding on his territory, and it showed. I only prayed it wouldn’t suddenly take over and tear Mycroft’s throat out.
Once, my temper was pushed a little too far by his newfound sensitivity, and I snarled back at him when he lashed out over something inconsequential – I think it was the head I had in the fridge again. In any case, fire glittered in his eyes and he cuffed me across the face so hard and so surprisingly that I was sent sprawling on the floor.
– is not me!”
When I looked up, John was prowling towards me. There was no other word for it.
“How do you know my name?” I demanded, tempted to run back into my room and grab my gun just for the sake of scaring this kid. Of course, I doubted it could hurt him anyway.
Sherlock’s iridescent eyes took in the scene, and I had a feeling he knew what had just happened. “As I said, there was no reason to eliminate you. You harmed no one. It hardly seemed fair to kill you over fur." Whimsically, he added, “Not even if you were shedding everywhere.”
“I can’t feel him,” he replied dully.
He giggled then, in spite of himself. “Is that what this is?
After a few quiet moments, Sherlock blurted out, “Are we agreed then? Can I make sure your danger nights are fine like you do for mine? No need for silver bullets, poisons or other absurd projects of the same ilk?”
“That was months ago, a year even,” John realised. A different kind of blue fire kindled in his eyes now. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything, Sherlock?”
John being aware of the wolf's actions, of course, required careful examination. Was it the start of further changes to him? A fluke? Or did it depend on some variable that had now happened for the first time? I pondered this the whole cab ride home, but since Skye was there to greet us when we opened the door, I had no more time to think about it, instead making a mental note to investigate.
Skye looked slightly miffed, and he said, “Hey, tip for you, Curly – don’t out people’s love lives, yeah? Could help you largely with the people department.” I almost laughed at this attempt to get my friend to piss off.
Just a bit of advice:
“You mean he’s not a telepath?” John asked, before I could put a similar question to RJ.
In case you were wondering, Sherlock is grinning madly while I type this.
“Sherlock!” I cried at last. “She’s
“It better pass,” I growled, trying to get him to see the issue. “But the press will turn, Sherlock, they always turn. And they’ll turn on
person I know, and the rest of it is because he loves me back. Oh, and the person in question is Sherlock and he’s reading this over my shoulder, since we’ve just been out on a date to Angelo’s (and yes, I asked for a candle this time). So we’re on cloud nine with no intention of coming back to Earth, ever.
Kitty continued, “Look him up. Rich Brook – an actor Sherlock Holmes
“How did you know where to go? Even Phoenix isn’t that good,” Sherlock queried. “Did that have something to do with the wolf too?”
once more and make the problem disappear. My chest ached with the longing that I could. If only I could.
” It was Skye, this time, and it was so damn
My speech was just
I reprimanded that little voice in my head.
Someone opened the door, and Skye breathed in deeply, as if catching someone’s scent. My wolfish brain identified the scent as something I’d smelled before being turned, someone I knew before my transformation…
Heat raced up my spine as the wolf bristled. “
One thing that bothered me was how Claudette started screaming as soon as she saw me. I’d watched as Phoenix and RJ had talked to her, I knew she wasn’t going to be screaming at strangers who weren’t police, but she’d begun shrieking the moment her eyes found me. Now what could that mean?
” he growled, in that way only older brothers can do. Oh yeah, Skye’s real name was
“What d’you mean?” John’s query barely registered on my mind.
“Is programmed for any voice that isn’t the five aforementioned ones,” RJ responded promptly. “The fail-deadly permanently destroys both the memories and the system with no negative side-effects. That means if anyone tries to access those memories through you, or tries to force you to relive them in order to incapacitate you, it won’t be possible. You won’t even feel it.”
Weirdly, it was the irritating sensation of that button that grounded me. It wasn’t a hallucination then. I looked up, and saw the well-remembered face smiling back at me, as if
“Because King Aleksandr Reyalon Nordskov is dead,” he bit out. “He died two years ago.”
Kitty looked up at him with something in between terror and contempt. “I gave you your opportunity. I wanted to be on your side, remember? You turned me down, so…” She shrugged.
I stared.
But I still hated it. I hated that the psychotic bastard was Sherlock's epitome of a tempting case. I let out a feral growl, for once conscious of what was happening. Perhaps because tonight would be a full moon too and the wolf was close to the surface. Or it might be because I agreed perfectly with my inner wolf. If Moriarty came back, I would happily do away with my humanity for a while and just rip him apart. I somehow doubted that his snipers were equipped with silver bullets.
Sherlock threw himself down into his chair, tenting his hands huffily. “Oh, it’ll pass.”
My anger was roused even more by the fact that he rolled his eyes as though saying in true Sherlock fashion ‘Your angsting is boring. Please move on.’
“You know the rules,” she said gleefully. “No junkies at crime scenes.”
Groggy and disorientated, I came fully to and realised that I was naked on the sofa with a thankfully dressed consulting detective draped over me. My other first thought was
Sherlock was a lot more help than this kid. At least he was staying here. “But Sherlock’s –”
“You slept in skips?” I cried. “You could’ve just asked, we’d have put you up on the sofa.”
Sherlock didn’t have the air of someone whose dirty laundry was being aired. He was staring, almost nonplussed, at the scene unfolding before his eyes. Moriarty seemed on the edge of hysteria, holding up his hands and gasping for breath. “Doctor Watson, I know you’re a good man.” His voice even cracked and blurred in places – the consummate actor.
I saluted. Sherlock nodded. Phoenix said his farewells, and nodded to Skye before the pair sped off. By this point in my life things had ceased to surprise me as much, so a man younger than me being able to keep up with a sizeable male wolf was the least weird thing I’d seen in a long, long time.
“It’s an instinct,” Skye had explained. “In Ayha, werewolves revert to their basest and most primal senses, and even those include pack protectiveness. It’s a long shot, but it could work.”
John, really. [9:49 PM]
His own network was much vaster than mine, extending over the globe and including people of all ethnicities and backgrounds. It was impossible for him not to have minions in London, but the questions were: Who were they, and were they part of this?
“If you want to know what he’s doing, why don’t you just trust that he
smart.” He released her, his eyes going back to their normal glacial colour. “Remember that.”
I had to assume ‘Maximka’ was a kind of nickname.
Not very interesting, on the whole.
“I need the grief to be genuine, at least for a while,” I explained. “He’s not a very good actor; he’s too honest. If I tell him I’ll fake my death he’ll make his mourning either too low-key or too over-the-top – either way, we’re going to get caught. –”
– so I didn't burn anything.
But first things first. “No.”
“What is it, then?” I crossed my arms.
“You tease,” he laughed quietly. “I’ve wanted to do this for ages.” With that, he kissed me again, and if I knew it was the chemicals in my brain talking it only enhanced the experience because it was
“It isn’t the fur that’s the problem,” I answered, shaking from my attempt to resist,
This chapter was helped enormously by Ariana DeVere's
“Do you require the use of the chair to work effectively?” Suddenly he turned towards us and his eyes were flashing golden fire. “Listen, last night they sent me a video of Rollo being tortured. I don’t want to slow down for you to decide whether or not you want to come along. I know it’s wiser to be your ally, but I will continue to search for him, regardless of your company.” He sprang to his feet with frightening vigour. “All I want is for him to be returned to me, and I will stop at nothing,
“No, believe me, you have it easy.” Phoenix’s paramour shook his head. “Compared to Aleksandr Nordskov, Mycroft Holmes is a minor irritation.”
I got an idea. Frazzling my outer appearance, I turned to my detective, as if in shock. “Sherlock, you’d better… explain… because I am not getting this.”
you are, but you’re not John.” Data was good. Data was safe.
“I know,” I replied simply.
I made an ‘hm’ of agreement and checked the Wi-Fi networks; five, all in a foreign language for a foreign user. Signal strength is directly proportional to distance, meaning that two of them were very close and the others were moderately so. “All of the attention is focused on me. There’s a surveillance web closing in on us right now.”
With a sharp look at Sherlock, Reyalon stood up and said in Canar, “I’ll reach you with the details later. I need to go.” He gave me one last guilty glance and dashed out the door. RJ chuckled. “He means sorry. And I’m sorry about that, Sherlock, John. I just thought you’d like the info first-hand.”
I understood what he was asking at once; he was asking if I had enough control of my wolf to leave me alone with the Holmes brothers without any dire consequences. I shook my head. He shifted obligingly and we were all three in place before Mycroft opened the door; the humans in their respective chairs and Skye with his head resting in Sherlock’s lap.
So there we went, Phoenix fidgeting even more than me, and even without telepathy I knew he was thinking about his boyfriend. On the way, I texted Mycroft:
, goddammit!”
“For one, you don’t have your gun,” he replied, unafraid. “For two, it’s rather bad manners to throw out a guest, don’t you think?” His eyes were glacial blue – only a shade lighter than the blue Sherlock’s eyes took on when they fancied. Hold on, glacial blue? I recognised that shade.
An idea is impossible to kill, even for me. There was a bit more babble; honestly I’ve deleted it all. Lestrade was clearly reluctant, and John was just as clearly resisting the wolf’s cries to be let out, seeing as he was already tilting his head up, trying to stand taller than the officers.
“No, no, that’s alright,” I said, though it really wasn’t. I could feel Sherlock trembling.
Still, I decided, it didn’t matter. Even if that was true, it only proved that in everyday life John didn’t like wanting me, or at least didn’t want to act on his desire. This only strengthened my resolve to resist.
I sniffed again. There was nothing of importance except for Sherlock’s scent. “I can’t smell him.” I concluded that they must’ve covered up their tracks because they knew Phoenix and Skye would be following him.
In burst a youngish man who looked older than both Phoenix and Skye. The only thing I could see before unconsciousness flooded my body like a drug was the surprise and horror in indigo eyes.
“Mental signatures, sigs.”
He used that term deliberately. Was he trying to warn me that my refusals to let myself be burdened by others’ problems as well as my own were a bad idea?
I followed him back to the living room; we sat down in our respective chairs. I tried my best to sound less eager than I felt. “My only request is that you trust yourself and him. Agree with him, sometimes. If not for science, do it for me.” My grin was weaker now. “He won’t shut you out. I’m counting on that.”
), cycled to work in work clothes (
“What the hell?” I growled at the younger man, too incoherent with rage to say anything else.
The wolf acted so like a pissed-off John that I almost relented. “Hypothalamus. Pleased to meet you,” he snapped. “His, of course.”
“And what sort of creature am I, then?” he drawled derisively.
I was thinking of Mrs. Hudson. The poor woman, no matter how much she dealt with Sherlock’s experiments and body parts in the fridge and random shooting practices, would probably have a heart attack to discover this huge muscled mass of bristling gold-and-silvery-white fur and sharp canine teeth on her doorstep. “No,” he decided.
The prick of tingling erupted all over the body I could suddenly feel, and sensation slammed into me like a brick wall. RJ was sprawled on the couch, his pupils blown, and his boyfriend looked like he was ready to pick a fight, clenching his pen in one hand so hard his knuckles burned white. Sherlock… Sherlock was pale, stumbling on his long legs like a newborn fawn. I staggered over to him and held on to his shoulders, calming him down.
“He’s been taken too,” Phoenix pronounced, in a tone that was a mix of finality, rage, sympathy, and desperation.
“God above!” Skye swore. “Let’s
But then the wolf (tail-less; weird which things stick in your head) looked up and grumbled, “Unless you're offering to be dessert.
The Pup chuffed lightly and rubbed his muzzle on John’s chest. Almost as though marking him. He didn’t say – or think – a word, though, because John sighed. But a private telepathic thought reached me:
“Cocoa, please,” Skye called. Phoenix’s strident tone carried over him: “Anything sweet, Dr. Watson?”
“But it’s daytime,” I protested.
“Sorry, are you saying your boyfriend can control minds?”
“Was it that kid I ran into?” he wondered. “Bugger; looks like he got here before I could.”
Wilde and Skye shared a look. Finally Wilde caved. “
It must have been hours before I finally ran back home, night wind rife with cold and wolves’ howls and the moon high above us. “Should have hunted seriously,” Wolf-John said, the moment we were back in the flat. “So hungry.”
NOTE: Notice that Aleksandr never addresses Skye as 'Maximilien'. That's because in Russian culture (where I borrowed the nickanming norm from) as I understand it, usually only strangers and acquaintances address a person by given name (usually with the patronymic, but that's not how Canar works). Friends use a chosen diminutive, and family uses a more affectionate form of that diminutive. For Maximilien, that diminutive is 'Maxim'; 'Maximka' is the affectionate form, at least for Skye.
, Sally.” John bristled under my hand at the word, and I risked a look at him. Still wolfish.
“Sorry, what?” Had I heard that right? “Your boyfriend’s a telepath?”
“…and there I was,” I finished, smiling.
my boyfriend, after all) and basically running.
I tended to zone out on long car rides, and zone out I did, lost in my own world of numbed grief and wondering what RJ had meant, until the name of a village I recognised jumped out at me from beyond the glass protection of the window. Were we… were we going to Baskerville?
I investigated the snoring that had woken me up and wasn’t surprised to find my blond fellow werewolf passed out on the rug, stretched out and seemingly enjoying himself. He snored very loudly for such a small boy.
“Where do you think you're going?” I asked. Strangely, I wasn’t afraid of the wolf itself, only for what would happen if I failed to execute my ‘experiment’ successfully.
Sherlock flicked an unreadable glance at RJ, whom Phoenix was bending over and cradling gently. “He was awake when they brought me here. He’s a telepath, like Skye, so I was able to think to him that Phoenix and I had been working on this case for the past week, and that Phoenix was close. He’s RJ Hawthorne.”
“John, please,” I said. “And we have honey and toast.” Sherlock had something of a sweet tooth, why not?
“Because you care for your friend?” the creature asked softly, still unsatisfied.
“And, John,” he gripped my shoulders tightly, fixing me with iridescent, earnest eyes; “I’m very sorry for not being there during the full moon. I wanted to, but my stupid overbearing fool of a brother kept me tied up until after the funeral.”
have a similar shoe size and height – it clicked.
“Oh, good.” No missing pets… or people. “Oh no, I’m not. Just… I didn’t know we had those in the fridge.” He must have hidden it behind all the body parts. I doubted my wolf minded very much.
His vehemence had startled us all, even Sherlock, who had such a stricken look on his face that I don’t believe I’d ever seen before. He’d been confronted with many emotional clients before, but the controlled intensity of this particular teacher made even me stop and stare.
For once, my human self didn’t black out when the wolf was in control. Rather, I observed my deeds, as odd as that sounds, with a wild and grim sort of satisfaction. I wasn’t dishing out anything that these people didn't amply deserve after all.
“Just remember, John,” Skye told me. “You can trust Mycroft.”
There’s no way I couldn’t have seen this coming. It was sickening just to be in the same room as you two sometimes. [9:50 PM]
Just fuck this all. Fuck it. Fuck him. “When you’re like that you ain’t a living creature – …you machine! You know what? Sod this,
Sherlock was
Excuse number four. Hm. “Might have, but I thought it would’ve worn off by now,” I lied breezily, talking over John’s “He didn’t”.
I hummed in acknowledgement.
The spark blazed into a flame. “
Phoenix’s and Skye’s faces were grave, as if they too had bad news for me. “We’re all sorry, John.” Skye’s hand was gentle on my shoulder. I looked up at him, and I saw a boy who had been forced to do something unforgivable. “We did something that’s borderline illegal back home, and… well, it’s a lot not good. I don’t regret it, but I do think you will.”
“You clearly want to,” he pointed out. “Your pupils are dilated. You’ve been courting me all day.” The spark in his eyes was wild, so
My flatmate’s face softened at the edges. “He’s more than your flatmate, isn’t he?”
Since Sherlock was asleep, I wasn’t covered in blood, and it didn’t look like we’d done anything other than crash on the couch, I wasn’t unduly alarmed. I disentangled myself from my flatmate (whose arms were much more comfortable than they had any right to be) and headed for the bathroom. It wouldn’t do to have Skye wake up and find me like that.
RJ nodded. “We’ll take you.”
“Oi!” I shouted. “Stop it! Do you want Mrs. Hudson to throw you out, Skye?”
shower. I’d spend the day as normally as I could, in as friendly a way as possible. Hopefully after he’d had his wish the wolf would doze for a bit.
“Nix went out,” RJ told us. “Investigating a kidnapping case privately; he’s very good at kidnapping cases, by the way, and not just because I, as a telepath, lend him my power.”
“More than that.”
“Of course I will,” she answered immediately. “Just… tell John. He’s your boyfriend, Sherlock, he’s got a right to know.”
Finally Sherlock declared, “We
I’m ashamed to say I panicked instantly.
“Nah. He just masquerades as one because it’s less dangerous that way. People like him,” and here his face darkened, “scare a lot of average people who’ve only heard rumours and old wives’ tales about what they can do.” He chuckled. “Even I was a little afraid of Phoenix when I found out what he was.”
Lestrade handed me off to another officer and bounded back up the stairs; I realised what had just happened. Wolf-John had just been unleashed, and he was
“Well, that’s because I’m not,” he replied easily. “I’m very firmly bisexual, thank you, and no, Sherlock, bi isn’t a variation of gay, it’s an entirely different sexuality. Those girls… I’m really sorry for them and about them. I was trying to find out if being in love with two people at the same time was possible. Turns out, it’s not, at least for me.” His lips twitched. “They always found out, so I thought you knew too.”
“John,” I called, my voice steady and unwavering. I tried not to think about the gun in my other hand.
“Running low on chocolate. As usual, I have my card. Let’s go.” He donned his hat and coat and waited for me at the foot of the steps.
I scowled at him. Even if he could see so clearly through me, why did he have to broadcast it? I had long admitted my sentiment for my blogger – though not to him, or to
“I'm afraid that they're perfectly genuine,” Sherlock quipped with a smirk. We shared a laugh.
Phoenix murmured, sounding strained.
(See the end of the chapter for
), and the restlessness.
Not a lot of money, but thrifty (
“Out,” he answered simply, and oh, how much it resembled when John couldn't stand me anymore. If I had closed my eyes I could have believed he was only upset about the eyeballs in the microwave. Again. But I had a job to do.
In the meantime, Mycroft called with the requested information, and I sent Skye and John on the lead, knowing that John would’ve forced me to stay at home even if I had volunteered to go. I talked to some of my network and got their updates, incorporating them into the stream of information that was starting to look more and more like Jim Moriarty.
“And you always deny it,” I replied softly. It positively irked John. Why the change of heart?
), and plays the violin (
I’d never seen so much as a glimpse of the vicious side of Skye – the part of the werewolf that was all fangs and silver eyes – but this was it. He was practically bristling; he was even baring his teeth in a true snarl, not a play one like he did with me and Sherlock. He genuinely saw Aleksandr as a potential threat.
“What do you mean, you can’t feel him?”
When we returned to 221B, my bag dropped to the floor in shock.
“Oh, you panicked alright,” Phoenix chimed in, shutting the door behind him and setting down his bag and water bottle. “I could feel it all the way from the ground floor. You’re still panicking. What the hell, Reyalon? You don’t just conk out other people’s guests.”
“I did tell you,” he half-chided. “I said ‘It’s all a magic trick’, remember?”
The attackers were fierce, being just as much werewolf as I was, but I had something to fight for besides money. Breaking their bones mercilessly and leaving them whining on the floor, I enjoyed only the hum of adrenaline and the thrum of fighting for something right. I missed my fangs acutely, wishing I could slash them open like Phoenix was likely doing.
He huffed. “Mate as in life partner. In every sense.” And then volunteered, “Wolves mate for life.”
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” I grumbled, unwilling to slow down for anything at all. I didn’t want to be patched up – my injuries would heal themselves anyway. “I’m fine, John.”
“A guest? That’s a fancy word for an intruder, isn’t it?” I asked.
I honestly have no idea if I would have obeyed such an order had I been alone, but Sherlock had frozen and was – as far as I could tell – trying to blink away what was happening. Which might not have been an altogether bad idea, I thought at the time.
“If you'd rather have a different menu tonight, buy whatever you want, though I'd advise you to keep it meat-based,” my friend suggested. Skye agreed. “Wolves are carnivores, and though Ayhan werewolves are omnivorous I don’t think British werewolves have the stomach. It’s a culture thing. Just stick to protein.”
of a temper. You’re fidgety and likely need some sort of calming mechanism. You engage in gymnastics, or something of the sort, regularly, going by the faded dirt on your elbows, cuffs, and shoulders. Oh, and you wear a wristwatch and play the piano.”
you?” and leaped towards us, so willing him to disappear clearly wasn't working. I did the only sensible thing (I still maintain that). I shot him. I should have done so before, really, but I was too weirded out to act. Sadly, that didn't even slow him down. So, with no time to think, I just shoved Sherlock out of the way and braced for the impact.
“Oi!” I tried to keep the growl out of my voice. Sadly I failed, but Skye seemed unfazed. “I should be back with a progress report from them in a few hours. In the meantime, don’t look for me. I’ll be in the undercity, and that’s not a nice place to be when you’re a new werewolf.”
John read over my shoulder. “So what have you got that’s so important?”
“You’re lucky today,” RJ remarked darkly. “Reyalon is just the person to ask. In fact, here he is.”
Skye snorted in a manner that sounded very like his wolf form’s chuff.  I took a sip, sitting on my chair, but then my worries slipped out. “I'm alive. Not that I'm complaining – well, not exactly...” I was complaining, honestly. But it seemed rude to do so. And perhaps Sherlock had a valid excuse. Oh God, what if I'd attacked him, bitten him, and then he'd changed too? Wait, no, he was dressed with no evidence of a wound. Was that even a real clue either way?
have been drugged. But how? When?”
enthusiastic about being included on cases. He accompanied us as a sniffer dog when he knew he wouldn’t be allowed, and followed us as a human when he would be. John had avoided cases and NSY crime scenes, possibly in fear of what would happen were the wolf to be brought into direct contact with Donovan.
“With the stress you were under, you couldn’t cope with what you were experiencing. If I hadn’t, you would’ve gone comatose, or worse,” RJ explained. “I… okay, for a non-telepath you have a surprisingly visually-oriented mind. Most non-telepaths’ brains are organised in a way more abstract manner. Well, all I had to do was cut off the memories’ neural connections, so to speak.”
“It's not ridiculous,” I protested. “It might not be a problem tonight or tomorrow, but I can't ask you to manage my full moons on a regular basis. It'd be too big of a burden, Sherlock. I can't possibly...”
This one's done at last! Thank you for reading (and commenting and kudos-ing if you did that too) and I hope I see you all again. Very soon. See ya!
The week leading up to the funeral was only tolerable because of Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly (bless those three), and the boys. The former trio made sure to keep me well-stocked with wine (not too much, mind), tea, biscuits, distractions, and love. The latter made sure I was never in want of comfort or company.
“Already doing that, I know. But he doesn’t have the contacts I do, and he certainly doesn’t have the same view of London’s supernatural underworld. I have quite a few friends here. They’ll love this.” He winked. “Oh, and tell Sherlock to look for other British werewolves, non-savage ones. They’ll help.”
“– him,” the detective snarled from the sofa.
But something kept pecking at my brain, until just after that question-and-answer portion, when I was reclining on the sofa and thinking. Things I’d heard both Skye and John say began to melt together in my mind, the puzzle pieces skittering over the picture in my head before snapping into place.
Skye came over, chuffed approvingly, and snapped at my hand fondly.
When I finally ducked out of my mind palace, it was the next morning and John was urging me to take a bath and let him change my bandages. I, of course, acquiesced.
What the hell is Johnlock? [9:51 PM]
I nodded even though I wasn’t completely sure about that answer.
“No, I’m the omega.
, say it to my face!”
“That’s not a bad title,” I replied, going along with relief. “If our situations were reversed, you’d have published ‘My flatmate is a werewolf’ or something equally inane and sensational.” A smile danced on my lips.
.” Sherlock obeyed, perplexed. “Do I look like I’m going to hurt anybody?”
It felt like a cross between playing with Redbeard and leading John in pursuit of some criminal's trail, and I kept from giggling with sheer giddiness only because it would waste breath. I needed it to run.
Have faith in me, guys, and hopefully I won't fail you.
They didn’t bring me to the Baskerville facility, though. We stopped in the middle of the moor, literally in the middle of nowhere, and I saw a familiar head of curly hair out the window. Oh, great. I was hallucinating.
“Why’d you kill him, though?” I asked. “He wasn’t doing anything.”
Working side by side on the sofa, each on our respective laptops, John would sometimes peek over my shoulder to look at my assembled articles. At one point he told me, “Look at this.” Apparently you could become a werewolf by sleeping outside with the moonlight shining on your face – absolute hogwash. “I’d have a Wolves’ Network,” I remarked whimsically. John laughed.
Phoenix’s feral grin told me he knew that too. “Lead the way, John.”
Molly was a paragon of heaven, I swear. She took us in without a peep of refusal and offered to smuggle us to a different refuge should we need it. I thanked her profusely, but all she did was smile – though I was fairly sure she winked at me too. We waited and waited – or at least I waited (and offered non-contaminated tea) as Sherlock tried to figure out the key code so that we could hack into the records and destroy Rich Brook once and for all.
There was no Sherlock home.
When my ginger counterpart and his brunet turned up at the flat while John was out getting groceries, I knew something was up. “The Wolves’ Web, Sherlock,” Phoenix said grimly. “It’s part of Moriarty’s network – at least, most of the London one is. We’ve traced the leads we have on the rogues back to Moriarty. They supplied him with the key code – they helped him break into all those high-security establishments.”
. It's annoying!” the wolf said petulantly, turning to me and totally unaware of the alarm bells that were now ringing in my head. He’d used wolf terminology, out of context, in front of Sally Donovan – that was never going to be good in the first place, and when she was like this…
RJ took over. “Basically, if someone says that phrase, the lock system activates. That lock is only triggered by active feed from your auditory nerves.” To my raised eyebrow, he said, “In layman’s terms it only works if you
The young king met my eyes, and the only thing I saw there that mattered was that he would go to any lengths to keep his brother alive and happy. It was… an odd, Mycroftian kind of love. “Keep him safe.”
It seemed I’d got his attention, though, since he poked himself out of the kitchen rebelliously. “How can I trust it, Sherlock, it's –”
When I woke up, I was in 221B on my bed with the three boys curled together in a ball on the floor. Skye blinked awake and met my eyes, then turned around and shook the other two until they were awake too. Blinking the sleep from their eyes, they gathered at my feet. Skye was in his usual denim jacket, white shirt, and leather boots. RJ was in a light grey cashmere jumper, with a minty blue collar poking out. Phoenix’s slept-in-my-clothes look was confirmed by the wrinkled green-plaid shirt and the lopsided black tie, though he’d lost the ridiculous coat.
“You’re a client. Get off it.”
rather sensitive to other people and situations, so I decided to let it slide.
“What’s the connection to RJ’s disappearance?” I queried. Sherlock would want to know this.
to hate?” I echoed, amused. It was a very thorough guise.
“Rollo and I were ferreting out the rascals. It was difficult, everything being so hush-hush, but Skye and the rest of the band hopped in on the action, and with their help we found out that the info was being passed around the Wolves’ Web in London.”
“I’ll do that,” he promised, relenting at last. “For you. You’ve done so much for me.”
I sighed. “Who are we talking about?” Great. Two more people to contend with. I only hoped the feral thing inside me didn’t snap at the people who tried to help me. Like Skye, annoyingly cheery as he was.
We had been contacted by the relative of a young girl whose brutal death had found no explanation satisfying enough for our client. It had been chalked up to rabid strays – as she was literally half-eaten – but she worked with dogs and the relative was sure she'd know how to deal with them. Sherlock had connected to her death a few other similar cases which had happened on a widespread area, all too strangely timed for it to be really the work of wild dogs.
“No! God, no,” I assured him. “Just… I can explain. But later. When we’re not standing in the middle of nowhere with Mycroft’s driver well within earshot.”
At that very moment Lestrade and Donovan strode in. Phoenix whirled sharply. “Police, here about a case – Rollo, what kind?”
Kitty stepped forward with a folder that she opened and handed to me. “Oh
“And that’s exactly why you’ll take us along.” Phoenix grinned. “Together, we four are better than Sherlock could ever be alone, so you’ll take us, DI Lestrade, because we’re here.” He crossed his arms and winked at me.
“Absolutely,” RJ said.
He was emptying his second plate when he offhandedly remarked, “You're really a good mate.”
“I promise, John. I'm not about to leave you on your own on such a night. Not even if Moriarty came back to play,” Sherlock assured me earnestly. The Pup barked (I had no idea he could do that in human form) approvingly, and only gave us a big grin when we turned his way in confusion.
“Vatican cameos.”
Had known Skye for some years, given the ease with which they silently conversed. Had known Skye back in Ayha (
John seemed almost normal aside from the feral episodes, though he insisted on researching the contagion of his condition, whatever Skye said.
“No thanks,” said our favourite DI, if only for the fact that he didn’t insult Sherlock maliciously. “Just dropping by to run a case by you. I’ve had coffee too.”
She shook her head. Sher rolled his eyes. “Oh, come on, Kitty. No-one trusts the voice at the end of a telephone. As I tugged my hand free and tossed the cuffs at Skye, he continued: “There are all those furtive little meetings in cafés; those sessions in the hotel room where he gabbled into your dictaphone.”
“Skye, yes.” Reyalon leaned back in his chair and studied me again. “Did you know he’s a prince?”
convenient.” Sherlock sneered. Usually I’d reprimand him, but I was both too angry at Kitty Riley and too concentrated on freeing my own hand from the cuffs to care. “Who is Brook?”
a criminal empire there, and if we left it alone eventually another spider would come to control it. We wouldn’t just have to kill Moriarty. We had to break up the web.
RJ cleared his throat. “You were saying?”
.” The younger Holmes rolled his eyes to the ceiling, stressing the word as if exasperated with repetition. Hopefully his brother bought it, but I had faith in Sherlock’s acting abilities.
episodes, as far as I know.
is too complicated to go into), but it was still uncomfortable to think of those dreams as a result.
I came up with a compromise. “If it comforts you, I’ll even take the gun. If what I have in mind doesn’t work, I’ll kill you myself before I let you murder anyone. I swear.” I left out the fact that if that happened I would follow him, but I must have let the sincerity through, since he handed me the gun without a peep.
“And you didn’t tell me about this because you were worried I would suspect Skye himself of being part of the Web,” Sherlock finished, striding into the room, as dramatic and well-dressed as always.
“To hunt.”
Sherlock’s mouth kicked up at one corner. He remarked a moment later, surprised, “You didn’t contact Mycroft, did you? You came here with just Phoenix.”
“For one, your senses should be sharper, much sharper, than a normal human’s, even than Sherlock’s. Because of a wolf’s need to hunt, you should be able to track scents anywhere from a few minutes to a few days old, sometimes even older than that. That is, if you can ever accept that wolf of yours. He appears to be a completely separate entity. Sherlock, take care of him.” This last was said to my flatmate, who was in the middle of research, so I doubt he heard him.
Yes, I spent an inordinate amount of time with Skye talking about lycanthropy. It seems to be part of my day now. After all, he
“Although he was declared dead over ten years ago, he still holds the title. Because he’s the prince, a werewolf, and my brother, there are many people who would love to get their hands on him,” the young king stated emotionlessly.
“Otherwise busy,” Sherlock repeated in annoyance.
The younger blond turned to me. For the first time I caught a glimpse of the icy, harsh, purely wolfish core that had allowed the young man to survive to reach the age of twenty-two. “No, but he did it so violently others might think he is. No man is an island, Sherlock. Not even wolves. In fact they’re intensely social creatures, and while John has his pack – which is you – he needs to be able to interact with other werewolves without any hitches. And no wolf likes one who attacks his own pack.”
A few days after that announcement, I found Skye rooting around in the kitchen for something and realised he hadn’t been in the flat since the morning he’d run out just before the big argument-slash-confession. He looked at me and stood up. “I didn’t really think you two were a thing at first,” he began. “I really did think you guys were just best friends.”
So, Phoenix wasn’t quite as calm as he appeared.
“But why would that scare people?” I asked. “Empaths, according to what little I’ve searched on the subject, are just people who’re highly sensitive to the emotions of others.”
“I would hardly have described you as little,” Sherlock told me. “Your size was more than respectable.”
Skye must have picked up on that thought, because he said, “I only joined you for a short time before running off to forage, but it looked like some very harmless fun. Tag, to be precise.” Sherlock actually blushed at that, and Skye rolled his eyes. “Don’t be so embarrassed, Sherlock. Everyone’s done it at some point in their lives, unless they were unable to.”
But I had plenty of evidence to support the former claim; that wolfsbane was lethal even for normal humans. I could name all the murderers who had used it in the past century, as well as going through what details of each murder I had saved.
“Both of them have seen death before, even the deaths of loved ones. Phoenix’s buried his father and RJ’s been a first-hand witness to the brutal murder of his sister. They forget that this is your first time seeing a death like that.” The wolf, appeased somewhat, receded, and I noticed that the two little gits were no longer in the room.
. When I’m gone you can leave whoever you like. Perhaps that silver fox of a DI.” He’d known Greg was a DI all along? What kind of a sniffer dog was this boy? (Not Anderson, that was for sure. Skye was much less disagreeable and much keener.)
I couldn’t have him die because I hadn’t been the one the wolf’s teeth had torn into, and survive that knowledge. But I did have one last hope.
Aleksandr gave a very Mycroft-sounding sigh. “
given at any point in time.”
Molly was a particularly good asset. No one ever thought of Molly; even I’d overlooked her at first as just another boring romantic girl with a crush on me. She
“For a short period of time. He’s also a mild telekinetic, so his talents there go up to throwing me my markers down to me in the street if I forget them. His power as a telepath means that he can form mental bonds with people he has an emotional connection to. I happen to be one.” He swore. “They’re giving him something to block off our bond. It can’t be weakened except by us, so they’re
like me, though I found out later she’d quickly gotten over her attraction the first time I played on it to get her to do me a favour. (Just like with Mycroft, we carried on as a sort of smokescreen. I did like her immensely; if one got past the insipid musicals and romcoms she was actually a very intelligent girl.)
Skye laughed, and I chuckled awkwardly at his quip. “So you’re saying I’m a harmless little doggy?” It couldn’t be that simple, could it? I’d seen the werewolf that turned me, and though Skye was a likable little boy most of the time, I’d seen glimpses of his pure-steel wolfish core. True wolves were harsh at their best and vicious at their worst. And our sources were coherent in describing werewolves as bloodthirsty, more often than not cannibalistic, monsters. So why wouldn't
Moriarty backed into a corner as I approached him. He must’ve mistaken my calm for cold anger, since he stammered, “Don’t ... don’t h – don’t hurt me.”
“No, that’s our little secret.” I gave him a smirk and felt a rush of gratification when he returned it, leaning back off the counter at last. But in all honesty, the last thing I wanted were occult fangirls throwing themselves at John. Even uncomfortable about the wolf as he was, he'd have obviously ended accepting their offers – and he wouldn't need me in that capacity anymore, no matter what the wolf said.
Skye took a deep breath. “Sherlock – I’m assuming you’re Sherlock – okay, you’re Sherlock – come here.” He snapped his fingers when the detective hesitated. “
I’m an *empath*. [9:49 PM]
I saw what he meant. No signs of struggle, but the case-related web of graphics and string had been destroyed, which he wouldn’t do until he was done. “He’s been drugged, probably,” Phoenix continued, dropping his own bag and crouching to the floor. “Three, no four, attackers. One took him, one helped carry him, and the other two tore up the case web and” – his gaze flicked around the flat – “put the thumbtacks back in the box, rewound the string, and shredded the pictures.” He was right.
I only realised afterwards that the growls and snarls I heard were mainly from me.
I swallowed around the lump suddenly lodged in my throat. “We can't,” I replied.
“Playing tag, huh?” I asked, quirking an eyebrow and easing into my chair so as not to spill my drink.
“My friend.”
“If you're too slow to understand,” I countered, managing to sound nonchalant. A reckless idea, probably formed from adrenaline, whimsy, and episodes of playing with a shifted Skye, flashed in my head, and I added, “You know, there's something I could agree to have you hunt.”
“What?” he queried, eyes shining with anticipation for my grand solution, with hope that I could be
), and energetic but bored (
When Wolf-John had fully changed, he grinned mischievously. “You’d better run tonight. I’m still not really convinced you wouldn’t be better as a wolf.”
All I did was raise an eyebrow at him over my tea.
The detective and I nearly jumped out of our skins. A young man of about twenty was seated at the foot of my armchair. He had straight, shining gold hair and an upturned nose that was almost cute. He wore a denim jacket, black fingerless gloves, a grey shirt, nondescript trousers, and – were those boots? Actual leather boots?
The place in my soul where Sherlock used to be stung horribly, and no matter that I couldn’t remember the way he actually died, I had plenty of ammunition against myself from the two years we’d lived together. Every time I’d ever yelled at him for leaving the milk out, or body parts in the fridge, or using my laptop without permission returned to me with painful clarity.
Sherlock huffed, and I was almost tempted to tell him to apologise to the little bugger, if only to take the growl out of his voice.
“And Aleksandr is the Canar King,” RJ countered. John opened his mouth, probably to protest, but the meaning of RJ’s words sank in and he began a passable impression of a catfish.
“It’s got flaps – ear flaps – it’s an
I growled, the wolf for once agreeing completely with my sentiments. No one took Sherlock Holmes without infuriating John Watson. “Let’s go!” I cried, dashing upstairs to get my gun, loading the other silver bullets I’d had made just in case. I clattered back downstairs just in time to see Phoenix take a pair of knives out of a coat pocket, slip one up each sleeve, sheath and all, and buckle them in place. “They’re silver, and more reusable than bullets,” he explained. “I’m also an ambidextrous fighter.”
Moriarty looked plaintively at me and Phoenix, even at Skye, who appeared to be dozing. “Just tell them. It’s all coming out now. It’s all over.” His voice rose frantically. “Just tell them. Just tell them.
“None of us could.” Skye stared me down. “If you have to blame someone, blame me. I made them do it.”
The blond werewolf rolled his eyes. “You mundanes and your obsession with the physical. I’m not going to recognise him by
Sherlock, it appeared, respected other people enough – or was in a good enough mood – to leave the boys alone for five whole minutes. I know, because I checked.
Skye sniffed the air, and looked at Phoenix pointedly. The other man’s eyes snapped open, and he shrugged. Phoenix gave me a cursory scan, which I ignored in favour of slugging into the kitchen to flick the kettle on and prepare some toast and honey for Sherlock.
“Some food for thought, Katherine Riley.” Skye flicked the folder out and wreathed it in dark fire. “
. It made me wonder if Skye had ever felt that way, still felt that way.
Sherlock was too awkward to make his touch softer, but I could hear the apology in his voice when he said, “They’d have killed you, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson otherwise. I doubt they had silver bullets, but I would rather England fall later rather than sooner.”
“At Angelo’s I barely knew him. I’d only just met him, so there was no way for me to know how important he was going to become to my emotional enlightenment. A handsome face was no guarantee of his character, and at the moment I was still a bit indecisive about him. Devastatingly attractive, yes, but not critically vital yet.”
No. No. No, nononono
I put a hand on his shoulder, and he shook it off, giving me a glare that meant that even if he wasn’t the alpha, he wouldn’t let me give him consolation he didn’t want.
But the silver bullet was loaded. I felt the finality of it resting on me like the weight of a dead body. If my plan failed, John wouldn’t allow himself to live.
“Me. Give me ten minutes of head start and then come find me. But no getting distracted along the way, or I'll win too easily.” The challenge should have kept him focused. And if he took the term
“Why?” He’d never asked to come before.
“The answer’s no.”
“John!” Sherlock called. “Nothing at all.” His bright smile was out of place in the grey masses of everyday London. “Thank you, Wilde, this looks promising. Very few traces, but very interesting ones – did you get the cab number, just in case?”
I asked. I was scared to pieces of this whole new thing – God, I was a monster. I was a beast.
“Or I could prove your theory wrong,” he bit back.
what he’s doing?” I blurted in pure frustration to no one in particular. Why couldn’t John see that the wolf wasn’t something to be afraid of at all?
“I need all the help I can get,” he said.
When we got home from that particular case (it wasn’t burglars, it was the house-owner’s lover – obvious) Skye was delighted. “Oh, that’s good,” he enthused.
“Well, if I had to trust anyone with it, it’d be you, even if you weren’t involved from the start. I don’t know how we’re going to do this, but we’ll figure it out, yeah?”
“I’ve been here for a week,” I bit out. “They can forget why they had to erase my memory?”
Mycroft, however, panicked far more visibly. He stiffened, and his knuckles whitened as he clutched his umbrella tighter. I tried to placate him, my hand firm on Skye’s head. “You’re okay, Mycroft, you’re alright,” I told him, a slight hysteria colouring my words. “He’s perfectly safe.”
Occasionally Phoenix would talk to me too, and once, he commented, head resting on his arms on the kitchen table, how alike I was to his missing boyfriend. “You’d like him,” he said; “and he’d like you. You two would force us to work together to solve impossible cases, and we’d be friends.” I didn’t tell him that I thought him a friend already. I wondered what RJ was like.
“You think he caught them?” asked the wolf, much in the same manner John had asked me if I was wearing any pants when my overbearing brother picked me up and brought me to Buckingham Palace with nothing but a sheet on. I giggled at the memory. “Since they were werewolves,” I said in reply, “he’s probably acquainted them with the newspaper instead.”
“That was when you became alpha,” Skye informed me. “I ceded the position since you’d had your first shift.”
John.” My voice rose in indignation even as hot tears prickled at my lashes: tears of a wounded pride and a wounded heart. “Not gay, remember?”
“And then, behold, someone turns up and spills all the beans. How
All in all, he was a truly wolfish companion who rather grew on you. Though he couldn’t help me solve John’s problem (‘
“What are you talking about?” I demanded, confused and pissed and more than a little impatient. Phoenix huffed and began to pace his own circuit beyond Kitty.
going.” I banged the door behind me and stormed out to hail a cab, fuming.
“You’ve taken up dog-sitting now, have you?” Mycroft seemed derisive, but I detected a slight scent of fear rolling off him. What was he afraid of?
“Yes I can,” Skye called over his shoulder. “This is me, swanning off.” He rolled his eyes. “I’m not abandoning you if that’s what you think. I’m going off to pull in every favour I have with every British contact I’ve got to find out everything I can about your particular type of werewolf.”
“You’re sitting in it.”
Sher tapped the paper. “Exclusive from
He did so, and a moment later whispered in amazement, “John? The wound is closing.”
“Why do you think?” I retorted acidly. “Why does stupid unrequited pining ever happen? Go on, John. You’re not a complete idiot. You’ve read all those romantic, hellishly sentimental novels, you know why I wouldn’t tell you.” I couldn’t say it, not anymore. I had said enough. My body would physically allow me to say no more. He paced in front of me, thinking.
“Please don’t,” fell in a hoarse whisper from my mouth. Damnable loose tongue!
to achieve that!”
Reyalon bit his lip. Then he turned to me. “Do you know my brother?” he asked in English.
Seeing my friend (
“Oh, God,” I breathed.
“Yes, well,
with the trauma she’d experienced. I certainly wasn’t the kidnapper; however, the kidnapper
The break-ins were, admittedly, a brilliant move.
Aleksandr stood up with a tint of peevishness in his indigo eyes. “Maximka, if that’s all, I’ll be going. You can come if you want. I don’t really care.”
“You were tearing yourself apart!” he protested. “You were shutting down, a star turning into a black hole, and I – and I had to stop that from happening. For Sherlock, if nothing else.” His eyes, blurry with tears, shone the same grey-blue-green as Sherlock’s. “I couldn’t let you do that to yourself.”
“I want to, you want to, what more consent do we need? Why are you playing so hard to get?” he huffed, annoyed.
After Day 14 of the experiment had passed with no other data from John, I began to lose faith in my hypothesis. I had to hope that for whatever reason he was just hiding the success from me, not failure or even failure to try. So I admit that I was not a little surprised when one morning, over tea, the wolf suddenly came to the forefront only to remind me, “Wolves mate for life, you know.”
I felt a sharp pang of sympathy. If Sherlock had gone missing, I’d be at my wits’ end even with Phoenix to help me. “I don’t know what to say except… we’ll find him, if it’s the last thing we do.”
I calmed down, but only a fraction, more because of his tone than for his lies. I called him out on them, grumbling, “Oh no. he'll be back for you. Of course he will. And you'll love it again.” I had never complained about it before, but it didn't mean that I loathed it any less.
“I’m serious, Sherlock,” he warned.
Now this, this was going too far. “Don’t
“What?” I murmured distractedly.
John seemed to suggest the first thing that came to mind, probably second-guessing himself. “Is he an empath?”
not a dog.” The acidic words almost physically burned me, and I recoiled. Who the hell was this man and what had he done with Sherlock Holmes? Not even in the beginning had Sher been so scornful.
Said brother clearly didn’t believe him, but it was a tight enough argument that he wouldn’t look into it too closely. I began to breathe easier, knowing my secret was safe. Unfortunately, that didn’t last very long.
“You want to take me to the station. Just saving you the trouble of asking.” I finally looked up from the camera to find a frazzled-looking Lestrade staring at me. I barely let him get past my name before I interrupted. “The screaming?”
It did sound like the language Skye used when he burst into an angry stream-of-consciousness rant.
He couldn’t yell anymore, because he started to transform. I was very nearly shaken out of my cool shell by his screaming. Oh God, that screaming! I prayed to a God I didn’t believe in that John was alright underneath all that. The screams turned to yowls mercifully soon, and almost before I had time to be spooked I was faced with a majestic gold-and-silver wolf.
“Exactly,” Phoenix agreed, unfazed, taking his first bite of chocolate.
And yet another instinct curled in my chest; I was the leader. I was superior in position to this Pup and he should know that. I bared my teeth at him and snarled. Amazingly, he dropped back and perched on my armchair with a look of approval.
“Run!” he barked, with a crooked grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Perfectly, now shoo,” his brother replied perfunctorily, almost shoving him out the door and shutting it behind him. “What were you thinking?” he hissed at Skye, throwing himself down on the floor in front of Skye and cuffing him lightly. Skye, to my shock, dropped his gaze and his ears. Since his eartips were still higher than Sherlock’s head, he lowered himself, actually assuming a submissive position.
He winked. “You’ll see. And you’re going to love it. Just hang in there, John Hamish Watson!” His boyish joy reminded me of Matt Smith’s Eleventh Doctor – manic and infectious in his excitement. Rather like Sherlock, now that I thought about it.
“Yes. I gathered.”
And then that call. Dear God, that call. “You’re the emergency contact of one Mrs. Martha Hudson. She’s just been shot,” an androgynous voice said kindly. A doubt lingered in my mind, but as the paramedic went into details I shook it off aggressively.
Gun forgotten, I leapt into the fray, disabling the aggressors in hand-to-hand combat. For once I didn’t care about fighting fair – I cared about getting Sherlock the fuck out of there.
“There was no reason to eliminate you, John,” my friend replied calmly.
I whirled, rolling my eyes. “Because if that hypothesis is correct, the devil is a much maligned, exceedingly pleasant fellow.”
,” he cried, fuller of life and force and will than I’d ever seen him. It was infectious, and in no time I was smiling, my wolf leaping at the sight, the smell, the touch of his mate. RJ was right.
“Yeah,” John replied for me, even as I took in all the information I could from the Hawthorne-Wilde flat and deleted the boring, ordinary bits. “Would you know anything that could help, at this point/ I mean, you being Phoenix’s, er, bondmate…”
have been my brother.”
Skye’s grin was positively poisonous, his eyes shining coldly. “I’m not doing anything, Sashura.” Another nickname, just like Sasha, I assumed. I wasn’t that well-versed in Russian, let alone Canar. “He’s doing that all on his own.”
, I was stating a fact.
“It was simpler,” I replied, shrugging. She’d have had him – or both of us – sectioned if we’d stopped to explain his sudden lack of polite self-control and his peculiar word choice.
“It’s not just you and me we’re talking about,” John argued. “It’s Mrs. Hudson, and Greg – Lestrade – and Molly, and everyone else I interact with. Seriously, even my patients at the clinic could be in danger.”
the wolf snarled, and once again I completely agreed. I bared my teeth and a growl erupted from my throat.
When the night was over, Skye, RJ, and Phoenix were nowhere to be found, and the only response I got from Phoenix’s number when I texted him was ‘Sry, got 2 dash, can’t tell u y, rlly sry, give SH our regards. ~RJ’.
“Repeating yourself, Sherlock?” The wolf actually guffawed.
Skye sounded dangerously offended.
I took a deep breath, preparing myself to go call someone to find Sherlock, kick some criminal arse with me, when I noticed it. My sense of smell had become sharper (and that was sometimes a right pain, seeing as Skye came home having been God knows where and smelling like skips, mud, and sweat).
His familiarity with his wolf was astonishing to me. He shifted so fluidly, so naturally, as if it was normal to him to be a fanged, raging monster of the night.
There was a dead body, of course, but the thing heartily biting into it wasn't a stray, nor indeed a dog of any kind. It had to be at least a wolf, going by its size alone. He raised bloody jaws from his meal and – very clearly – snarled, “Sod off. I'm not sharing.”
The silence was telling. I thought the young king would strangle Sherlock with his bare hands. That is, until he threw back his head and laughed. “You think I’m lying? What’s this then?” He clapped his hands and darkness flooded the room.
“What is it?”
he groaned in my head.
“No scent trails. Have you tried –?” Skye broke off and made a hand sign that I was sure meant something neither Sherlock nor I was supposed to know about. Wilde nodded. “Silencing mark.” He peeled down his sleeve and showed Skye something on his wrist that he didn’t let us see.
For the next few minutes, all I fully registered were my boyfriend’s wide eyes and Moriarty’s snivelling, my senses reeling in light of this new information. It all made sense, it all made terrible, terrible sense, and my wolf howled with the need to protect,
An IOU had been graffitied onto the wall.
“What were you thinking?” Reyalon seethed, pacing back and forth like a caged tiger. “I thought you at least cased the joint before you attacked. Maximilien isn’t at home anymore, I can’t protect him.”
I was woken up by a loud snore.
of yourself. Agree with him sometimes, or at least try. This could fail for all I know, but the only way to disprove a hypothesis is to test it.”
Skye popped up from the rug with a snort, blinked once, assessed the situation, and fell back asleep. The Pup had had quite a tiring night, trotting all over London with me on low energy. I barely registered this as I abruptly stopped pacing, seething with irritation. “Who else would he be, then?” I asked, in that ‘oh-that’s-so-obvious’ tone I knew annoyed him. I was in a petty mood.
“Do you remember the werewolf who bit you?” Skye said. “You were as big as that. It was
this.
“What?” Sherlock demanded. “Quit making up places. I’ve no time for fairy-tales. Is there anything we can do about John’s… condition?”
“Right,” I said, pocketing the slip.
I used my extensive knowledge of London’s back-alleys and side-streets to both heighten the heady feeling of the chase, and to test Wolf-John’s agility, which turned out to be remarkable.
“He died because I shook his hand.” My mind, sharpened by adrenaline, raced to the conclusion. He wasn’t shot until after he took my hand – he’d been interacting with me for a good ten seconds before he was shot. That meant it wasn’t getting near me that was the problem – it was actually interacting with me.
), fastidious fashion sense (
. I wanted help for Rollo, not death to innocent people. But if you’re so intent on dying, by all means. Be my guest. My name is Phoenix Wilde, by the way. Phoenix C. Wilde. If we’re going to be working together, you might as well know my full name.”
However, my hopes for returning for a bit more of that hug were dashed once I came back with a dressing gown on and no internal pressure from my bladder. The detective was alert and Skye was stretching luxuriously.
Was this Mycroft’s idea of making sure I was ‘seen to’? He knew what I was. He’d probably been dying to dissect me since I’d told him. The wolf in me whimpered at the thought of being inspected and stuck under a microscope, and a pit began to form in my stomach, quite apart from the hollowness already there. Was he just planning to make me a lab rat or did he want to kill me outright for his scientists to perform post-mortems on?
Uncharacteristically, he came straight to the point. “I saw something that concerned me on the surveillance footage of last night,” he replied. “I’m sure you know what I’m talking about, Sherlock.”
asked me about the ‘friends-with-benefits because the wolf is horny’ thing, and of course I’d given my permission (
My blood ran cold. “What makes you say that?” I handed him his bar of chocolate.
“I figured,” I whispered. “He doesn’t look in very good condition, does he?”
He was an intruder. The same feral thing that rose up against Sherlock rose up against this young man, and I growled, “Tell me why I shouldn’t shoot you down right where you stand and hand you over to the police.”
“You’re not well,” I protested. “Your arm’s still healing, and either way you can’t walk on that leg –”
His smile coaxed one out of me. “I’ve been called a madman so many times even I can’t keep count, and I know I’m a bit crazy, but even I’m not that self-destructive.” Maybe to complete the moment, maybe just because I wanted to say it fearlessly, I said, “I love you, John.”
My hand shook at random intervals, and my leg started hurting again. Fucking PTSD, I thought it’d left me alone for good. I was stupid to think things worked that way.
John was forced to recognise that wasn’t wrong, and backed off the topic for a few days. As I predicted, when Skye heard about this, he rolled his eyes, but refused to comment.
“That’s John for you,” Sherlock piped up, from where he was examining the pavement with his field-glass. “I said ‘dangerous’…”
“’Confirmed bachelor John Watson’.” I chuckled, slapping the paper down. “Got to give them credit, though, they did their research for once.” I sobered immediately. The fact that we were dating wasn’t really a big secret – after all, I had posted it on the blog – but the fact that the media was tracking down my blog and making articles about us wasn’t exactly comforting.
Skye shifted and curled up in front of the fireplace with an irritated chuff. He stayed there the entire day, even when Sherlock received the case of Mr. Turner's masterpiece.
“John,” I called, half-warning and half-placating.
. There was every fucking reason to put me down. Sherlock had even promised, and then he'd failed me. Yes, it seemed stupid to seethe against being alive, but I didn't want to be a bloodthirsty
.” For emphasis I jabbed a finger at Lestrade’s forehead, right above his nose.
“I’m taking Sherlock home,” I said. This wasn’t their fault and never had been. It was Reyalon’s, and even he hadn’t known how highly Sherlock prized the evidence of his eyes, ears, nose, and whatever other senses I couldn’t name.
Another reason for veering away from the more frequented roads was Mycroft’s cameras, but there were simply too many. Ah well, I would simply have to explain, possibly fight my brother to remain by John’s side. Overbearing berk.
In the end, I agreed. There was nothing now that I would like better than to be reunited with my mate, and if trusting his brother was the way to go, I didn’t give a toss. Sherlock was gone and there wasn’t really much I could do anymore. Mycroft was with the government – if he got me running dangerous errands on behalf of Queen and country, I’d agree with a smile and hope it was deadly. Not just for the adrenaline; maybe I’d be offed somewhere in Hungary by a particularly merciful criminal.
“Good job you invited the werewolf, then,” I declared vibrantly. “You weren’t going anywhere without me anyway.” Just then my mobile pinged. A new text from Phoenix’s number. I grinned at it.
“The rogues have vanished off the map.” At our alarmed expressions he leaned his elbows on his knees and rocked from side to side. “I’m working on it, but I suggest John and Sherlock find other cases. This, after all, is their only source of income, and they do need to pay the rent.”
But Sherlock was very clearly sulking and hurt that his brother had told me the story of the childhood dog. Suddenly his words of the afternoon before made sense (
Chaos erupted – Sher and I chased him up the stairs, Phoenix tossed Skye the folder, and Skye blinked awake. Before I knew it I was trapped in the darkness of Aleksandr’s vacuum again, just the thought of John Watson.
–” he spat the word “– into it without damaging it irreparably.” He sounded, at that moment, to me, a thousand times more annoying than Sherlock at his most disdainful. “Don’t doubt Sherlock, and don’t doubt me either. I will personally make sure you’re seen to.”
he couldn’t be thinking of that, could he?
“Don’t mock me, Mycroft Holmes,” I snapped. The guy hadn’t even noticed that his little brother was suicidal (
And apparently the bloody kid was still a little telepathic, because though Sherlock settled back down on the couch like a curly-haired cat, pulled his laptop – his for once – back towards him and began fiddling with it, Skye yanked me aside.
“Sherlock,” I murmured. Dammit, my voice was shaking. “Get down from there. Get down, get down
“Enough!” Skye hissed. Blue fire ignited in glacial eyes, and as he deliberately set down his cup and stalked towards me, awareness and caution tingled in my spine.
I intentionally stretched the Kitty Riley scenes because John is on hyper-alert, he's aware, he remembers, while at the end he was fuzzy from grief and something else (spoilers that I won't say), which meant that he couldn't relate the story properly.
Skye nodded. In a small mental whisper he added to me that Ayhan werewolves often felt the same way – that
“I’m a fake” – “Shut up, Sherlock, shut up” – “It’s all a trick, just a magic trick” – “Hoi, stop it now” – “This phone call, it’s my note” – “Please, Sher. Don’t do this” –
, Skye thought at me.
of someone saying it.”
“Declared dead? Why?” I interrupted, feeling a bit bad for prying.
It really was, and soon I had only an ugly scar to show for it. “Let's go home,” I said. Before the police arrived, alerted by the alarm, and accused us of robbery and murder.
The words stuck in my throat even as my damnable pounding heart threatened to push them out for me. I quickly weighed the risks and benefits – John would likely never know about this conversation and the wolf would remain happy – and I gulped down some tea. “It – it’s not just that,” I confessed, choking on the lump of feelings in my chest.
,” and attempting to bodily dislodge him from me. It annoyed the wolf, who turned on him, and for a moment I closed my eyes not to see the worst I feared would happen. But then I heard the sound of breaking glass, a blaring alarm and a mighty yowl – or was that two?
“You’re not suggesting I go public, are you?” John queried, concerned.
“He’s the British government!” John objected.
I broke for the warehouse, Phoenix sprinting behind me.
“Yes,” Skye said, scrambling up to perch on the arm of the sofa. “A furry rug is infinitely more comfortable than a skip, isn’t it?”
“Oh great, now there’s three of them,” Donovan groaned in the background. Lestrade blinked. “Well, Sherlock, it’s got some interesting bits. Will you come?”
“And that would be?” I snapped.
Phoenix was fighting alongside me, and I recognised rage as fiery as mine, if on the polar opposite of the spectrum. He was like a red snake with silver fangs, dancing just out of reach and lashing out at the first opportunity. It chilled my human side’s blood to see his face, expressionless and blank, but my wolf side delighted in a packmate to stand beside.
In the stress-filled month we’d had, John and I hadn’t laughed together even once. Laughing with his wolf was almost the same, and I wished John wasn’t so obsessed with trying to shrink-wrap him and keep him away from everybody. He was hardly a dangerous creature.
Sherlock started, then looked at Phoenix with surprise. The ginger shrugged. “I’ve been told I don’t look gay. I’ve been told I don’t look demisexual either. Are you going to help me or not?”
Sounded a lot like Mycroft and me.
the phrase. It can’t be triggered by a
The kidnapping case was
Skye set his jaw. “You two, back to Baker Street. John, you’ve got a full moon night to work through. Get through it first, and then we can talk about finding RJ. Sherlock, help him. Phoenix, you’re coming with me.” He shifted.
There was a sort of nausea in my stomach. How could the boys be so casual, so dismissive of Mycroft’s veiled threat?
“You can’t promise that,” Phoenix said hollowly. “No one can.”
“Of course he’s Richard Brook. There
I darted out, answering my mobile, and just as quickly was pulled up short by Sherlock’s voice. Okay, okay, he wasn’t dead. Some part of me settled down, but my lupine instincts told me it wasn’t over yet, something I was much more inclined to listen to after the events of the past half-hour.
“The devil, for all I know!” John huffed.
“Were you, now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I merely stood between him and the flat’s door, adrenaline flying through my bloodstream. Though my heart pounded in my chest and my blood roared in my ears, I was overtaken by the calm and cold of the case. My senses were on the alert, my brain up and running perfectly. I was in top condition.
“John H. Watson,” I replied, shaking his hand. He cocked a smile and rubbed at the mark on his wrist, stark black against pale freckled skin.
I pointed out that the wolf was likely to attack viciously if we tried to drive him out so brutally.
. That sounds familiar, doesn’t it?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” He whirled around with a perplexed look. “Why would I want to?”
came from
Just outside Baker Street, Skye was waiting, fully transformed. He let his tongue loll out in a wolf-laugh when the two of us joined him, and he yipped and bowed before Wolf-John, who nipped the top of his ear playfully.
Everything was easily explainable, if one assumed that there was a motive for everything that he did. This was James Moriarty, criminal mastermind, who controlled the literal underworld. He was Hades, king of the shadows, ruler of all the light couldn’t touch. And I… I was to be Odysseus, amused by, toyed with, until he got tired of me and pulled me back in with the threat of harm to John.  Until I looked back.
Sherlock relied heavily on his senses, and when he lost the use of even one of them he was lost too. I began feeling wildly around for him – or at least I hoped that was what I was doing, because I couldn’t feel myself.
I protested this, naturally. I was a crack shot with a gun (which I had. I could always have more silver bullets made) and Sherlock was trained in all kinds of combat. Wilde shook his head. “When you’re talking about that kind of abilities, powerless civilians like you two would just get in the way.”
He shifted uncomfortably, nodding apologetically to me and Sherlock when he saw we were paying attention. “I panicked. I’m sorry.”
I didn’t understand. It was just draft sheets and layout prints. I scanned the upcoming article, and there was no actual proof – just arguments that turned circles and didn’t address the issue. I had no doubt that Kitty was a good enough journalist, but the way she wrote the article would never have changed the minds of anyone who believed Sherlock was really a detective. Injecting upset into my voice, I murmured, “Invented him?”
“I chose not to? On my own?” Was I a lazy werewolf? A peaceful werewolf? – On second thought, did the latter even exist? I rescinded that thought at the sight of Skye, watching us intently. Skye was fiercely protective, but he wasn’t violent.
When I got home, I knew exactly what the trio would think. Because they said it. The moment I told them what Mycroft had said, RJ let out an exhilarated laugh of pure triumph, jumping up and sweeping his boyfriend into what looked like a celebratory kiss/hug victory dance.
Phoenix barged back in. “Here, give me that.” He snatched the paper out of my hands and looked it over. He looked at Kitty, flapping the paper. “Got any more?”
I gave him a hand up, and then Phoenix was in front of us, weary and sagging but unscathed. “Thank you,” he told us. “I really wish I could find a brilliant murder just to thank you for your help. I would’ve been too late without you.” He was blushing as red as his hair and looking down.
Day 2 of the experiment, my infuriating brother came in with another national-security case for me, while Skye was out. Of course, he tried to wrap it up with a little bit of falsehood, probably just to keep me on my toes, but the minute he involved John (with the intention of making him persuade me), the wolf jumped to the fore. “You smell like lies, Mycroft,” he growled. “My priority is Sherlock’s safety, and if you can’t be honest with us then you’d better get out.”
“You’re a boy!” I objected. “How can you even try to defend yourself? Here.” I offered him my gun.
When we got out Sherlock’s scent, mixed with the attackers’, was heightened in the air, along with the copperish tang of blood. I growled, but beside me Phoenix gave a cry. “What is it?”
angry at her. She hadn’t known. It wasn’t all her fault. I think I saw Anderson hanging out in the back as well.
“Is that all?” his brother muttered sarcastically. “I could’ve figured that out myself.”
“It’s for a
“Please and thank you.” I’ll admit that I was so used to Sherlock’s curt demands that I stopped and stared for a while at the teacher in Sherlock’s chair, hands tapping out a pattern on his knees, eyes staring ahead at the empty chair in front of him. Then I went back to work because of course, not everyone was Sherlock.
“Not that hungry anymore,” Wolf-John (note to self: make up a better name for Wolf-John) assured me. Then he startled me again, nuzzling my hand and saying, “I don't suppose you'd sleep with me.”
I took a deep breath and whirled to face the ginger reporter. “So
Somewhat reassured by Sherlock’s catatonia and my calmness, the consulting criminal scrubbed his face and slid down to the floor. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He gestured to Sherlock beseechingly. “He paid me. I needed the work. I’m an actor. I was out of work. I’m sorry, okay?”
Sherlock’s voice was calm to those who didn’t know him. I knew that tone, however, and it was full of acid. “Congratulations. The truth about Sherlock Holmes.” He paced back and forth, with Phoenix biting his lip as if to avoid saying anything, and Skye flicking out a knife, of all things, and twirling it. “The scoop that everybody wanted and you got it. Bravo.”
Sherlock chose that exact moment to interrupt. “It’s about the leak, isn’t it? You’ve got it written all over you.”
Oh God, they
“You think Sherlock Holmes is a psychopath?” he continued. “Then you don’t want to see what I can do. I’m not clever like Sherlock or Moriarty, because yes, they’re brilliant, but I
“Paramedics,” I stammered, still reeling. “Mrs. Hudson’s been shot. She’s dying, Sherlock, let’s go.” He refused – actually refused! What – how – why? He’d once half-killed a man and
his voice sounded in our minds. He bared his fangs.
sitting in the client’s chair.
It turned out that while the wolves near Lexington were the ones to snatch Hawthorne, they weren’t the ones to either leak the information or detain him. Sherlock and Phoenix were hot on the trail at once, their combined energy burning through the pathways. Skye was their sniffer dog; with a collar around his neck he blended easily into the London scene – unnoticed, unheard, and untraceable – able to follow up clues with the barest hint of instructions.
“John... are you asking?” I queried, more shakily than I would have liked. How much of my friend really existed in the conscious mind of the creature before me? Could I take his word for it?
The wolves ran with me, and it was like playing with fiercely affectionate dogs. Skye left once we exited Baker Street, and once again I led John on a merry chase throughout London, my brain thrumming with exhilaration. He snapped at my heels and nipped at my fingers, but always with a calculated mischief that closed his jaws on air rather than flesh.
A moment later Sherlock was hissing, “Let him
“I’m sorry, sir,” gasped the redhead, Wilde. “There’s been an incident with the wolves near Lexington. It’s urgent – they’ve taken Rollo.” His amber eyes were blown wide with fear, and even from this distance I could see that he was trembling.
Edit 08 Jan 2019: Adding transcript link.
Frustrated at myself for even considering the project, I got up and slipped in the bathroom for a
The wolf, hurt and panicked, bit back. “Yeah? Well, thank God for that.” After acting that way, maybe he didn’t deserve to be one. “But you’re no human either.”
I stood perfectly still, the safety of the gun in my hand still on. I was acutely aware that I was betraying him in a way, but I needed to try this one last resort.
Skye looked at me. “It’s Ayhan stuff. They shouldn’t know it here.” His expressive face darkened. “John, this is too dangerous for you and Sherlock now. You don’t have any of our powers; you’d be useless.”
, dammit. The wolf gave me a look that told me he didn’t believe me. I amended my statement: “Although perhaps it is one of the things that makes me a bit uncomfortable about the idea, it’s not the biggest problem.”
One look at his retreating back, and I realised he hadn’t meant those words that way. I looked over at the detective, and he was deep in his research, iridescent chameleon eyes scanning the screen.
“I'm stating,” Wolf-John countered. That had me flopping into the nearest chair. “Everyone knows,” he added, leaping down from the couch and curling half-around me. Bastard; he had effectively trapped me.
“You slept on the rug,” Sherlock pointed out.
, certainly. Why did this young boy of all people see through my act? Or – I realised it from the nonchalance – he didn’t; he just thought the ‘friendship’ part was so sweet it hurt.
“Well, you weren’t.”
a cuddle.”
I only have written up to chapter 7, but because I haven't posted 6 yet, you get a twofer!
! They also have transcripts for all other
Reyalon glanced at him. “Don’t give me that attitude, boy. Holmes might have me impressed but as far as I know you’re just Mycroft Holmes’s baby brother and the person who endangered Maximilien. Give me a better first impression of you or I’m not saying anything as long as you’re in this room.”
“There's nothing to hunt in London,” I replied flatly.
Their faces fell at once. “Bad time, bad place, generally bad taste all around,” RJ said quickly. “But seriously, this isn’t what you think this is.”
Nothing to learn there. I consulted John, who looked at the clues I’d amassed and pointed out that the leaks weren’t about either dramatic national events or me, which probably meant Moriarty wasn’t involved. He seemed relieved about that, which I could understand based on his earlier reactions.
“What’s that?” I asked, since Sherlock was dodging around, collecting his own data.
“What?”
“Why?” I asked dumbly. My wolf read his body language easily, and it said very, very uneasy. Skye was
I have to admit, this took me completely off guard. What I had previously discounted as impossible was suddenly very, very real – hell, the Ayhan werewolf, Skye, had transformed right in front of my eyes! I had to go into my mind palace and fix a few things that were malfunctioning because of it.
In the immediate aftermath of the battle, the ginger and I stood in the midst of at least a dozen injured criminals, all groaning or whimpering. Then we exchanged nods and ran to our respective rescues, me to Sherlock, and him to the mousy-haired huddle in the corner that was presumably RJ.
He began to unwrap it, not looking at me. “Thank you. –It’s stirring up such a commotion I had to investigate it. I’ve got contacts in the underworld and they owe me a favour or two; the information isn’t state secrets, but it’s sensitive enough to need to a patch job ASAP.” He pronounced the letters separately.
The Reichenbach Fall.
“What were his credentials?” Sherlock finished.
time was to pick a fight – like this time. “Your behaviour is unprofessional, childish, and frankly very tiring.”
