John came back from the clinic, cheeky and happy. Sherlock was toying with a new, unsuccessful experiment on the kitchen while Rosie had a quiet nap in her cot. So when John closed the apartment door behind him with a smile on his lips and a resolute expression, Sherlock’s eyebrow rose in surprise.
John smiled, his face softening. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked right at him, trying to master his expression. It wouldn’t do to give all his cards away too soon, would it?
John looked at the object he was holding. It was one of the weight discs. It was thick and cold but  the only indication that it was indeed, real, were the numbers and brand name carved on it.
John looking smug and satisfied with life.
“My Lord, the Sssspawn have ssseen an Archangel.”
“Of course, sir.”
Something warm touched his fingers, so familiar that he didn't have to think what it was.
“What is that you seek, Master?”
Another jerk from the leash pulled him towards Moran, making him fall on his back. He still had his hair wet from the freezing water, and the leather of the collar, it was without a doubt leather, began to irritate his skin, and it could maybe even cut it.
“You did.”
“You are so sensitive. Fuck, Sherlock. The things I want to do with you.”
... he had been in all of them and he knew that he hadn't entered them recently, and much less in the last hours.
On the other side of the room, John grabbed the whimpering man by his neck, raising him from the floor and pinning him to the wall. The man’s face was a mess of drool and tears, the incarnation of fear itself.
“Sherlock?”
The bartender came and placed the glass in front of John, before discretely retreating to the other side of the counter. The Archangel took a large sip, the vodka burning as it went down. Ah. It was good.
“You could say that. The authorities found me and condemned me to death, but my parents occupied my place. Moriarty offered me a job at his side in exchange for accepting the exchange and for me to be able to take my little brother with me. He also… well. Died.”
The second time that Sherlock dreamed with the sand-colored wolf, the wolf itself was a bigger size, with an abundant coat and strong legs. It had its tail between its legs, fallen, trying to not show itself. The wolf was wearing a chain around its neck, thick and heavy, which bound him to a throne made up of stone, covered with grass and vines. The wolf was looking around, whining and yelping, pulling the chain to break free.
But this, a fear demon was something serious. Too close to the big guys for John to be comfortable thinking about it. Someone had summoned it, that was for sure. If Jordan had not done it, maybe he had been a target set on the demon by the summoner.
Sherlock’s words echoed in the room, and John laughed with him, unable to contain himself. It was then that he moved and surrounded Sherlock in a strong embrace, sobbing like a child, covering his face with one hand to prevent them from seeing him cry. He couldn’t believe his luck. In recent times, he had begun to believe that he would die alone. That his destiny was truncated. That he was condemned to solitude. John cried like he had not allowed himself to do it in years, knowing there was someone who would comfort him. He allowed himself to break into a thousand pieces, because he had someone who had promised to reconstruct him right in front of him, surrounding him with his arms to make sure that he didn’t get lost.
“Hey, mate. You ok?”
’? How did he get over there? Why was he looked after here instead of Bart’s?
“Walk.”
He was ready to help John control it if necessary.
The dystopians weren’t only targets to kill or torture for the Leader and his entourage.
“I told you I was following a trail. Knew you were kind of slow, but I was honestly expecting more.”
And yet, it did nothing to help placate his sudden anger.
“Oh, God. Jesus. Oh, Christ.”
He needed to know.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, a mischievous grin dawning on his face. Slowly, all his brain functions were rebooting themselves.
John smiled back, a wide grin spreading across his lips.
“Eh, wow. That’s a lot of information there.”
episode till the end of times” Sherlock said, turning to look at him. John tried very hard not to react.
“I need no knife, I assure you.”
“Were you human back then?”
Of course, bloodlust should be controlled, and newborns mastered restraint before being allowed to go out to the world. At least the ones with sires responsible enough to care about secrecy and decency did. The ecstasy and high experienced once the last drop of blood was out of a body was addictive and hard to quit. Many had failed to master themselves because of constantly seeking that high, that soaring feeling, once again.
John frowned.
“Those filthy monsters have been raiding food trucks
“Yes.”
Blinded by the glare of the open door in front of him, he blinked, his eyes aching from the clarity. Another thing they had done to keep him there had been to turn off all the lights. He had been in the dark for a whole week.
His soldier mode kicked in, and he hurried to get to the door, and break into the bathroom. Already thinking what to do with whatever wounds or situations he found when he got in. He was ready to grab his mobile phone to dial an ambulance when the wooden door finally gave way and a wave of frozen water hit him right in the face, pushing him down to the floor.
They could have left the building five minutes earlier, when the suspect ran right to the fire escape.
I can’t lift it over my head. Not with one hand, much less with two.
“Why are you doing it? Why… are you helping him?”, he said hoarsely.
“No! Please, stop!”
“When you’re ready.”
“I don’t think he particularly enjoyed the experience” John spat, rising and walking out the street, trying to locate where the trail was leading. The sound of a pair of shoes walking behind him made him huff. He turned. “If you are responsible for this...”
He checked all the rooms, but the landlady was nowhere to be seen. John thought, with a sense of calmness, that perhaps she was away doing shopping, so the only issue there was the flooding.
Sherlock smiled, taking the last bite of ratatouille just in time for the second dish to arrive, a steak which also smelled like perfection so he went all in.
“But that’s Japanese.”
. None of my agents have been able to stop them. I want you to go there and get rid of them. Take any team you want with you, but I want Ethan to accompany you.”
Because Sherlock had a soul mate and it was waiting for him somewhere.
“Yes, my love?”
The order had been clear in his mind, right at the very core of him, present every moment since he was created. He could not ignore it. Not that he would want to anyway.
“Oh.”
Translation of the original A/N:
“Well, shit.”
, was showing. How effortlessly he had seemed to carry that!
“Let’s go. Get up and don’t make me angry, puppy.”
“So. Told me to call you in case of beans happening. Beans happened. Where’s the fire?”
“John, listen to me. You must listen now.”
Irene’s smile grew wider, sharp teeth glinting in the moving shadows. The smell of dying roses got more intense, and Sherlock’s nose wrinkled in distaste. He slapped Irene’s hands away from him, that being the only signal indicating his discomfort. There was something off, he noticed, in Irene. He could not point exactly what it was that was bothering him. But he was sure that later, he’d figure it out.
The boy was clutching something in one of his hands. John gently eased the tense, rigor mortis frozen fingers open, and took out whatever was inside the tight fist. it was a  small token, like a keychain in the shape of a football ball, with two dates engraved at the bottom. John concentrated and canalised the memory linked to the object. It had been a present. Something to remember a loved one that had passed away a long time ago... A parent. A father.
Frustrated, irritable and tired, he opened the door to his last clue. A night club that looked like a weird yet functional fusion between punk and fancy. John frowned, feeling out of place all of a sudden. This was not what he was expecting.
“Too soon to say. Are you here for the disturbance?”
Sherlock smiled.
“Mr. Watson, do you feel dizzy? How long have you been awake?”
. He would have never imagined that all that was needed to subdue an animal spirit was a little of voltage. And now that he knew about, he would have liked for it to never have happened.
“We are going to the manor.”
“Not your usual breakfast, I take it?”
John snorted. As if he were some kind of baby.
John’s hips bucked against his hand automatically, and he kept stimulating that spot inside him till John screamed, begging and muttering incomprehensible things. Sherlock was nearly purring with satisfaction. Not only was John a screamer, he was extremely sensitive.
Sherlock rose raised an eyebrow and gently slid a finger against his hole. He was surprised to discover the muscle relaxed and his finger found wetness before sliding in easily.
“Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asked, breathless.
Whatever happened to him now, if he went back to Buckingham, Jim would kill him.
Ethan disappeared through the lift with
has completely messed up with my…”
Holmes smiled.
“Good morning. A one-way ticket for London, if you please.”
Sherlock growled, rising to his feet.
It was there that he was given hope, when he thought that there was nothing good in the world.
He tightened his hand around Morning Star’s and he saw a flicker of pain cross his beautiful face. Good.
“Where did that fucker go?” he said, scanning the alley.
He took one of his feathers out, seeing the light contained inside flickering like a star. He lowered himself, sticking the feather at the humid ground of the grave and offered a prayer for the man’s soul.
Sherlock saw how the strong muscles of John’s arm worked and tensed as he kept the human still, and how his back contracted when, fast as lightning, he bit down right over the marks Sherlock had left for him.
Sherlock woke up when John’s sandy hair tickled his nose. Cuddled as they were on the bed, with the chill of the autumn air cooling the windows, and early morning sunlight softly illuminating the bedroom, the detective decided a bit of laziness was in order. Comfortable in the security of his husband’s arms, he groaned, turned around so he was facing John’s chest, and lowered himself enough to hide his face from sunlight under John’s chin. As Sherlock rubbed his cheek against the pillow below him to find a better position, he proceeded to raise a leg under the bed clothes, and throw it over John’s upper legs. John twitched in his sleep and, still asleep, tightened his grip on Sherlock’s back, arm finding automatically a better position.
The cacophony of soft voices inside of him was something familiar. Male, female, all mixed into one. It sounded almost sad and nearly made him curl up and cry.
.” Sherlock’s hand reached for John’s, unconsciously caressing the veins on the inside with his fingers. “I’m so sorry, John.”
So there were many dystopics with an avatar that had lost their other half. And that, lately, was not surprising.
Then, when he finished, he went to the small guest room with its walls chipping off and the floor bent by the moisture to pull out the chemistry book under the bed that Mycroft had assigned him. From there, he took his own notes on the various explosives and substances. Since the reign of terror began, and chemistry began to make sense on his head thanks to the material and the teachings of Professor Church, Sherlock decided it was time to put his brilliant mind to the service of the revolution.
Then John’s eyes dropped to his lips and before he knew it, his friend’s lips were pressed against his. They were as soft as he imagined them to be, tender and full. His eyelids slipped closed as John let out a soft moan and deepened the kiss, tenderly holding Sherlock’s face with his hand, caressing his cheek with his thumb. The tip of John’s tongue slid between Sherlock’s lips and he opened his mouth, allowing the intrusion, and grabbed John’s shirt with his hands, moving him closer.
And definitively in
So, keep him busy. Let him talk.
John smile grew bigger and he started to unbutton his shirt. Apparently he was in such a hurry he couldn’t wait to be in the privacy of the bathroom. He had to go and do it right in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock clicked his tongue. A hand was softly caressing his belly, drawing circles around his navel, distracted.
A waiter came to take their orders, and Sherlock just asked to have the same as John. The wine was served, and meanwhile, he studied John’s expression. He looked calm and happy, more relaxed than he had ever seen him. The smell coming from him had steadied during their trip, and now it was just a background element. But the shine in John’s eyes, the almost accelerated beat of his heart every time he looked at Sherlock, was so beautiful to watch.
“John Hamish Watson. I was the best and most fearsome pirate the Atlantic Ocean has known. I have never, not even once, cleaned a deck. You, on the other hand... would have made quite an adequate cabin boy.”
"I made sure it was fast. He did not notice any pain."
The soft ground was sinking, leaving deep footprints of naked feet as he advanced, focused on the residual energy of the gravestones. He needed a perfect match. He knew he would find it. He always did, he thought with deep fondness. His brave soldiers never once failed him. They were always loyal fighters till the end.
When they arrived at Buckingham, John was moved to one of the upper floors, following the large and luxurious rooms. The golden decorations were making him feel sick. All of the food that you could buy with that… just one of the columns were enough for fifty families to sustain themselves in the ‘Lion Den’.
John didn’t even think about it. Had he done so, he would have probably not done it, but Ethan Scott was getting on his nerves...
Could it be?
, and set his hands in front of him at the bar, fingers entwined.
It was John’s turn to laugh then, and he felt the dark, heavy atmosphere that had descended upon them slowly fade away.
The bitter smile from the Archangel made him wince.
When they were finally on their own, free to take a look at the menu, Sherlock felt John’s foot push softly against his own and he moved it carefully a bit upwards in answer, before lowering it and leaving it touching John’s.
John touched his cut ear, where the locator chip had been. It had been wrapped up in gauze to prevent the bleeding and favour the disinfection of the wound and the scarring. He now understood the sedation and the pain in his shoulder.
John kissed Sherlock’s knuckles before standing up and helping him do the same. By the time they were both on their feet, Mycroft crossed through the door with an excited Rosie in his arms. The child got rapidly excited when she saw John and Sherlock, almost throwing herself out of Mycroft’s safe embrace in an effort to reach them. John took her into his arms, burying his nose into her hair, breathing her in, so happy to see her alive and well. He registered the firm grip of Mycroft’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing once in a welcoming gesture. John bowed his head in acceptance, grinning like an idiot.
He heard John cursing above his head, and the sight was a glorious one. His mate was holding onto the headboard, knuckles white, and head down, chin pressed to his chest. His eyes were open and dark, pupils engulfing the iris. He was trembling with restraint, fighting not to move, the glorious muscles of his body tense. Sherlock pressed his hips against his mouth encouragingly, and with a relieved sigh, John moved them slowly toward Sherlock’s face, his cock fucking Sherlock’s mouth softly, in and out.
Human life was so ridiculously short. So he had made up his mind a while ago. He appreciated John enough to step aside and let him have what he needed. Selfishness wouldn’t help.
“Well, well. It seems that Holmes has done a good job with you Johnny. You look breathtaking.”
Mycroft turned to look at him, not moving from his seat.
“Ok, let’s say I believe you. Can you lift... a car?”
"I met one of Jim's toys today," Finally, the monster had a name. It had been seven years since Bill's death, and Sherlock had spent every one of them focused on his plan to end it all. Although contrary to his plans, over time the government had become stronger and stronger. And the 'Lion's Den' had grown exponentially. It was as if whatever caused the birth of a dystopian was itself making it known to the world, testing the ability of the people wanting to eliminate all of them. Challenging them to kill more and more.
He pursed his lips. Holmes was answering indifferently, with a neutral tone. As if he were trying to control everything that was happening inside him.
The newborn vanished from his side to reappear where the suspect was trying to get to his feet, screaming and crying, begging for mercy.
Oh, the married ones had surely heard that.
John’s voice was an echo inside Sherlock’s head. He felt as if a beehive had found its place inside his brain and everything he heard was muffled by his own thoughts.
Sherlock shook his head, holding John tighter against his own body.
He dressed and opened the window again so that
Oblivious to the world around him, the man walked across the street. An aura was protecting him from human eyes, giving him a regular appearance. Truly, he looked quite a lot like he did when he was filled with Grace. His horns and the fire they held were still present, and so were his wings. But no human or angel would be able to see them. He was safe.
Next chapter will be the last... but only for this part of the story!
“Ah. I see. Excuse my manners. Here, this might help you.”
Sherlock had only seen his brother like that on rare occasions, so it still was fascinating to observe. He could not deny it was quite convenient now.
He had no time to think about anything else before the glass under his fingers shattered  into thousands of tiny shards.
“Sherlock?”
John smiled, imagining a small French kid with wild black curls running up and down an old ship, climbing up all the places a kid shouldn’t really climb. He could almost picture Mycroft running after him. It was a lovely sight. He wished there had been pictures from those times. Last Christmas, back at Sherlock’s parents’ house he hadn’t seen any baby pics…
“You swam.
, he wanted to descend and play with him.
During the time that he had been working, John had managed to pass tons of information to the other side, although his effort had cost him. And, apparently, his sacrifice was bearing fruit. They had contacted with a young chemist who had managed to move to the clean side of the city, but had not yet given them the address or his name. He signed all of his warnings with an S, and had a brilliant plan to overthrow Jim’s government. The only problem was that they only had one occasion to act, and they had to do it right the first time, which was why the process was going so fucking slow. John could not wait to get out of this hell.
The demon blinked.
"What do you mean?"
There was one type of food that could probably save their lives, but in London it could only be found in the Royal Hospital, and they could clearly not access it.
, who had come through the window, crouched into his chest. He deposited a cluster of splendid purple grapes in front of his face, pushing them with its long ebony beak. Sherlock thanked him, as always, and stroked its chest with his finger. However, this time there would be no one to share the spoils.
“It was too much to ask for an easy one, was it”, he heard himself mutter under his breath.
“Well, that’s quite true,” Sherlock said, trying to seize the moment and enjoy the marvellous dish. “It tastes exactly like my aunt’s used to.”
They would have also identified Sherlock if it had not been because
“... and if they blow another of the barricades in the tunnels, I’ll make sure that someone takes up your place. Is it clear, Dimmock? Good. I expect the report tonight.”
“Enough Ethan. Bring the dystopian upstairs. Jim is starting to get impatient. And if you leave any marks on him…”
John fell like dead weight against Sherlock’s chest, and he encircled him with his arms, holding him close while his hips kept moving of their own accord, his body taking control and desperately seeking release. Whether that might be by feeding, by mating, or by more organic ways, he felt as if he was standing on a tight rope at the top of an abyss. There was so very little keeping him from falling and, at the same time, stopping him from reaching his release. Meanwhile, the voice of his instincts kept talking loudly inside his head. His venom glands were swollen and almost painful, needing to be used.
“I was. I thought you were a good looking bloke, and you amazed me with your skills, so I decided to go bombs away and just try. But I was so conflicted that when you rejected me, I didn’t dare press the issue and so I retreated.”
John closed his eyes, and pressed his lips tightly.
“No.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I love you, too."
“Yes. Christ, yes. Off. Take them off.”
Mycroft made an affirmative sound. His voice sounded distant, even across the always clear and nitid sound the amulet produced. Sherlock heard some papers being moved, and a keyboard being used. His brother was surely checking some kind of report on the matter.
“Shh,
Other times? Had John been walking among humans for longer than he knew? Since when did Haniel...? Could this not be the first time? He certainly seemed confident and comfortable in his skin. As if it wasn’t the first time he had been covered by flesh.
Sherlock caressed with the back of his index finger the feathers in
He growled in answer, deepening his thrusts, trying to get deeper while keeping the angle just right for John. The sounds he made, lost in pleasure and unashamed, were beautiful and did so many things to Sherlock, he knew he needed more.
A wave of warmth passed through Sherlock, affection swallowing him whole. His John. Strong, confident, military John was scared but awaiting instructions. He had left the ultimate command in Sherlock’s hands, sure he would make the best choice because he could read his lover’s barely restrained need to kill and destroy. John’s emotions were out of control, a storm raging inside his head. And John knew better than to let them out unleashed.
He hurried up, pushing the door open with his good shoulder, and holding the shopping bags a bit higher to avoid soaking them.
Growling, Sherlock moved his hands to grab the man’s arms and pin him down, bothered by the interruption. His fangs sunk deeper, cutting through the hard, tense muscles. Sternocleidomastoid, scalene, then the superficial cervical fascia and cut edge. All of it felt like butter under his strong jaws. He pressed harder, the grip he had on the suspect’s neck firmer as he gulped again, another wave of warmth filling his mouth, coating his tongue.
A sound of distaste and bother came from Sherlock.
We are so close to the end!
John coming back to Baker Street the next morning, reeking of sex, stale sweat, come, pheromones, and
Sherlock kissed his temple and laid back against against the pillows, helping John get rid of his boxers while moving to a semi-sitting position himself.
“When you came back I was very mad. And I had no wish to revisit those recent discoveries. I wanted to get away from you but at the same time, I couldn’t stand the thought of you being alive and not with me. So I went back to cases with you. At the wedding I started to notice how sad you looked, as sad as I’ve ever seen you. And when you offered yourself to protect Mary from Magnussen, I knew. I knew there was something. I was so glad when the plane came back down with you. And so mad you had overdosed! Yet I still refused to acknowledge anything, even though I was growing tired of Mary and well, you know the rest. What really punched me in the face and made me react was Mary’s video to you. When I found you on that hospital bed with that bastard... I would have killed him. Right there, on the fucking spot. I had nearly lost you again. And then I knew I couldn’t deny it anymore. Not to myself, at least.”
“We don’t have any neighbours, if that’s what’s bothering you. Through  the years, both Mycroft and I have managed to secure a fair piece of land. Part of the valley belongs to us, and so does the forest you can see behind the manor,” Sherlock answered, mind-reading him once again.
He noticed his eyes closing while John’s hand petted his hair softly as he muttered quietly and made calming sounds, just like Sherlock had seen him do when Rosie had a nightmare or was restless.
“Yes. But don’t try to distract me. You’ve got some training to do.”
“What do you know about it?”
The bed he put John in was soft, the linens fresh.
It was well past midday when they got out of the basement. Red light filtered through the curtains, creating a warm atmosphere around them. A fire had been lit, but no one was in sight and heard no sounds around the manor indicating otherwise.
“Guess I’ll have to learn the ways of the night.”
They were guided to a table next to the fireplace at one of the quietest corners, where light was low, shadows were soft, and the candle on the table provided a romantic glow. Christmas decorations were tastefully distributed so they didn’t clash with the rest of the restaurant’s decor. Bits of mistletoe and pine were hung from the top corners of the room and above the fireplace’s corbel.
“It’s fine, Adam. Just got flashed. I might have left the window open when the police came.”
With John standing on the top step of the entrance they were face to face, and Sherlock could not prevent himself from kissing him. The flood of hormones in John’s veins was affecting him too much, and the closeness of his warm, blood-filled body wasn’t helping at all. The kiss was passionate, their bodies pressed together, John’s mouth still tasted like wine and caramel. His lips were insistent and hungry, and so were his hands, sliding across Sherlock’s hips to his back. Then they slid south and grabbed a handful of his arse through his trousers. Sherlock moaned when John squeezed it, pulling him tighter against his own hips. He could feel a growing stiffness pressing against his own, and heard John growl when he bucked his hips against it. His voice was low and infused with desire in Sherlock’s ear.
“I love you”, Sherlock whispered,  softly kissing his neck, forehead leaning against his temple. “It’s going to be fine.”
Sherlock managed to take out his keys and open the door, pushing John inside. The man grabbed Sherlock’s lapels and held him against the wall next to the stairs, pinning him while he attacked his neck with hungry lips.
. I’m going to make you
John lost his kind smile. He was torn between sadness and fury. How dare Morning Star appear after all these eons? How dare he look so beautiful still, after what he… after… The bitter feeling in his gut intensified, and he felt the fire at his core burn uneasily. He willed it, trying to get ahold of it again. If he burned his glamour, humans would end up being dememorised. He hated wiping memories.It took so long.
John heard the muffled sound of a laugh against his arm.
“You come here, you seduce me, you
“Then who... who changed you? They must have pulled you out of the water?”
His mouth was watering already. But God help him, he refused to admit it.
The sensation of floating above everything else was much better.
Sherlock swallowed, his eyes itching, and could do nothing else but nod his head in answer. Our daughter. Theirs. Both of them, together. It was the first time John had said that.
Send love to her, she's lovely and she's doing an amazing job translating this. I can't thank her enough.
There was a drain at the centre of the room, the cold concrete floor slightly uneven. John saw, under the fluorescent lights above, that the floor was also a bit shiny, almost plastic-like. Scratching at it confirmed it had been treated with some kind of plastic based transparent paint. He nodded, impressed. Mycroft had thought of everything including the possibility of… fluids being spilled inside and efficiently disposing of them in that case.
So she knew exactly what Sherlock was going through. And she had hoped, sincerely, that he would not have to go through it.
John was holding him by the neck pressed against the wall and hanging a few inches from the ground. He knew there was nothing he could do without his fire that could harm the demon permanently. The insinuation made something curl inside of him, his belly tingling. That was a low blow. John pressed harder, teeth showing, and growled again. A gasp and a moan followed this, and he saw the demon close his eyes, black curls falling softly over his eyebrows.
“I ate before arriving,” Sherlock arched an eyebrow; he couldn’t believe Mycroft stealing food, “Mike gave it to me.”
He had seen drug addicts in the smoking rooms in the ‘Lion Den’. There were many, as well as brothels and other… recreational centers. In the end, it was a way to gain a little bit of extra  food and the basics for survival. John didn’t judge those who worked there, or those who, cornered by the hunger, would seek refuge in the drugs, which were almost given away. But he could not help think how someone who could not barely pay for a meal would precede the pleasure to something as basic as eating to maintaining alive.
“Did he… regularly consume it?”
The blow fell heavily on his cheek, cracking his bones and hitting his face against the wall. The bastards had learned that if they wanted to hit him without leaving any visible mark they had to hit him with a wet towel, so that the weight and force of the impact was considerable. He hunched his arms over his head to protect his face, and blows fell furiously on his arm and ribs. He bit his lip to stop himself from screaming in pain, and in result he emitted low growls in protest. Near him, he could hear his wolf snarling along him, whimpering.
“Doesn’t mean you can’t miss them”, John muttered against his curls, hoping to provide some comfort. “No matter how many years have passed, they were your parents. It’s fine to feel sad about it.”
They could have called Lestrade when they saw the murderer go into the abandoned building, and let the police do the dangerous work.
The entrance was absolutely flooded. But he was surprised to see the water was not coming from department B as he was expecting, but from the ground floor. It all smelled strongly like a lake on a humid, rainy winter day. He could even smell algae. Was this because a street sewer had broken? They weren’t any close to any of the Thames’ sewers, or so he thought. Because that was the only explanation he could think of to justify that smell. But he might just be wrong about it. He’d have to ask Sherlock later. Surely the git would have a map detailing the sewer system somewhere in the flat.
“If you want to see something fun, just ask him about Notre Dame. Hilarious. I promise.”
Graveyard like loneliness, paralysing fear and a sweetness thick like honey overwhelmed him. The fire inside of him arose in answer to the menacing trace, ready to burn it all, outraged by the heathen mark surrounding him. The smell was burning at his nose and lungs. His frail human skin unable to process the demonic reek as anything but poison due to the angelic nature of his inhabitant. Being unable to resist, he let his fire rise from his core, covering him for a moment in a desperate need to get rid of such a devilish taint. The flames efficiently dissipated any trace of the smell, and John, slowly closed the box’s lid. He took a deep breath once more. Now, the air was clean, fresh and light.
His hands were shaking uncontrollably, but he could not stop. As if standing in front of a  mirror, he could see himself losing control. He could see his energy draining slowly, focusing on his  engorged core, ready to strike. The beast inside was euphoric and willing to burn everything to ashes. The feeling of wrong still was expanding across himself, still suffocating. The words were falling from his lips, he couldn’t even filter them. They appeared to be as chaotic as his mind was now. He saw Sherlock look at him in concern. A look he had never seen before. As if he was genuinely scared. He gave a quick look around, as if he was searching for something before his eyes came back to his. He could see the faint glow reflecting at Sherlock’s milky skin and wondered where the light was coming from.
He felt John’s head fall against his chest with a contented sigh, as if he had expected nothing else.
Hands were suddenly pushing him away,  fast and efficient, making him disentangle from the body of the Archangel. When his arse hit the wet ground, he winced and opened his eyes.
Sherlock made a face.
There were also the tunnels of the sewage system and the pipelines of River Fleet, which entered until they reached to the ‘clean’ area.
A lightweight, comforting, settled on top of him, and he felt the familiar shape of his wolf’s head resting on top of his chest. He moved a hand, feeling it heavy and half dead, until it rested on
The man chuckled.
“Not that kind of...” he sighed in defeat, shaking his head with a funny grin. “I think it might be this place. The low light, the flowers everywhere... it’s like we’re in a fairytale.”
“Mrs. Hudson, I'm coming in”, he said, raising his voice. He took a step back, his already waisted shoes completely covered by water. He got his good shoulder ready, and charged against the door.
That being said, I will try to keep updates a bit more scheduled this time!
She entered the car, taking care to not hit John, and then Sherlock made himself comfortable, carefully holding the body in his arms before undoing his scarf to press John’s wound till his venom sealed it.
“So this is a long term thing, then?”
John never commented about on his nocturnal doings, but Sherlock knew his friend suspected he was taking care of Rosie at night. No baby in the world went a whole night without crying at this age, no matter how well behaved they were. His gratitude came in the shape of John-made tea in the mornings: a splendid, hot, perfectly sugared cuppa. Even if he didn’t need the food or beverages humans required to be functional, and could go with a pint or two of blood per week, he still enjoyed the taste of both dishes and drinks.  Plus he had a sweet tooth, as did his brother. So the tea John made was by far one of his favourite things in the world.
He was startled, wondering if there were cameras inside the room. Was Mycroft spying on him?
“I love you.”
Until his spirit was broken, and the sadness came for the first time.
“This?”
Mashed boiled potatoes and an egg were all that Sherlock got dinner that night. At first, he looked at the hot plate with desire, albeit with some reluctance. He was accustomed to not eating for long periods of time, but not his brother, who had to walk among the abundant feasts on the 'clean' side, knew it was forbidden to him to eat. In addition, his job required for him to be in an ideal condition, and the regular feeding that he did not have was basically what was needed to achieve that goal.
It had always been something in his in the back of Sherlock’s mind, how John had acted during that first conversation at Angelo’s. It looked like flirting, but John’s body language had been contradictory and his retreat fast. As he hadn’t been at his best, Sherlock hadn’t really been that interested in anything, but he had always wondered.
She looked up to give him privacy when she noticed that her shoulder was humid. If there was something that she had learned about Sherlock, was that despite the calamities that they were surrounded in he was a proud being. He was someone who hated being the target of the pity of others. So she gave him time and space, without letting go his body, trembling because of the spasms. She thought about calling Greg to inform him about the matter.
“John.”
He heard the groan of the hinges of the door as it was being opened, and the hum of the electricity. He could only remember the electric rod which they had captured his wolf with,
Sherlock bought once the incense ‘Night Queen' when he was a little older in one of his trips to the clean area. When Mycroft came home late that night, the room smelled like his dragon did, and he could not help but strongly embrace Sherlock, with tears in his eyes.
“I love you,” he muttered against John’s skin.
He briefly felt as his body fell until it stayed resting next to Irene, and then how her arms went around him, assuring him, free from the seat belt. He could hear her voice in the distance as he felt his world sink. Everything suddenly spinning around him.
John turned his head in order to stare at the eyes of the tiger, which looked at him as if it were bored, it was as if he had seen this scene so many times that made him find it all the same. He wagged his tail slowly from time to time, and kneaded the carpet with its claws. John stared into its eyes again as he felt the movement of the mattress when Moriarty climbed into the bed after him. Which made him start to disconnect his survival instincts, which sounded like a warning alarm in his head, yelling at him to turn around and break Jim’s face.
Every second he spent not being busy, his mind went back to the memory of soft, feverish lips against his, to the tender skin under his fingers and the hungry sensation of a thirsty man tasting water for the first time after leaving the desert.
“Well”, he said, his voice surprisingly soft. “He did deserve it.”
Hope you enjoy the reading, and take a look at end notes for a surprise!
He frowned, looking around him. As boring as humans went, there was something off he knew. And it had nothing to do with an Archangel having a walk around the Creation. It was something different. He felt it, deep down. Determined to find what was the change that was bothering him so much, he opted for a long walk around the place.
“You seem to hate me. Despise me. I never thought you to be this bitter, John.”
“Serves him right. What a jerk,” John said, feeling sorry for Mycroft. He couldn’t imagine how awful that must have been. Being dragged out of a good, honest life for no other reason than the selfishness of others.
Then he was moving, but not fast enough. Not fast enough.
“God, no,” John laughed softly. “Not even close.”
“God, Sherlock that was brilliant. Exceedingly so.”
“You know, when the children told me there was an Archangel fooling around with humans, I was expecting Raziel. He does love his little toys. Have you seen him around lately? He’s been very naughty, sharing things he shouldn’t”, he said, teasingly. “Why are you here,
A quick peek back to the opening of the alley allowed him to see a black car blocking the way including any view people could have had of them from the street. The door was open and Anthea was outside, waiting with her phone in her hands.
He remembered that first night, when John took the final step and invited him to dinner.
He blinked and gasped, not quite sure what to say, while the crow squawked and planned until it rested on the golden fur of the wolf. He could feel the tears gathering in his eyes, burning him, as his throat closed. He lifted a hand to the leather collar that was still wrapped around his neck, broken, embarrassed. Knowing that it would kill him in the inside. Knowing that now would come the moment that he had always feared. Now his soulmate would look at him with those eyes of an impossible colour, and there would be disgust in them.
And of all the horrible things in the world, Mike had to take out the worst of them all. It was a curious way to raise the spirits.
He got to the last door, which he presumed, led to the bathroom. The kitchen sink water taps had been closed, so the only place he imagined the water could be coming from, was the closed bathroom.
He was telling her a story about Queen Victoria, speaking as he would to any adult (if said adult was the only person in the world he could talk like that with).
“Don’t move, please. The wound on your shoulder is still closing.”
“You learn to suck other things, though. As extracurriculars.”
“What did he do?”
“Don’t... take it out. It’ll only make it...,”, John instructed, pain obvious in his voice.
“Well, this is a surprise.”
He still felt a little uncomfortable with the presence of large, friendly-looking crowds. He had a bit of the feeling of a cornered animal, ready to bite. Only that a part of him knew that he should not.
tell him. I’ll call Molly to tell her we are on the way. “It’s...” he muttered, taking a look at his watch, “quarter past eight. Just in time for Rosie’s night bottle.”
With that said, Sherlock stood abruptly, the chair scraping the stone floor with a sharp screech. Mycroft closed his eyes, pursing his lips, as the younger of them fled in a firm step to his room, leaving the bread on the plate. When he got there, he sat on the bed, dizzy. The floor was spinning. Everything was unstable. All of him trembled.
He could feel the guilt of them on his skin, tingling, itching.
Yep. It doesn’t end here. There is still a lot to do XD
The handle of the door twisted and John, unfurling his two sets of wings fast as lightning, flapped once, letting a ray of light spark behind him just to be safe.
And if he didn’t have his hands free, he could at least use his tongue.
Sherlock laughed in turn, and buried his face on John’s shoulder, feeling the feverish skin of his directly against his forehead.
Something ached inside of him. So that was what all the smell was about. Frankly, Sherlock should have expected this. John was a very sexually active man and quite sociable, unlike himself.
The following of his next clue took him near the Soho area. It was raining heavily, the streets were damp and full of cold puddles. People walked fast from cover to cover, and the ones smart enough to take an umbrella with them were trying to keep them in the most convenient position.
“Oh, my God. Mycroft got beheaded, didn’t he?”
Maybe, deep inside, some kind of motherly instinct told her that was the last time they would see each other, that she was going to die soon. Sometimes he dreamed he had heeded his brother’s warnings and gone to visit her when she was dying, just to hold her hand.
“Molly was taking care of Rosie tonight,” Sherlock commented, getting out of the car.
“That’s it! Run with your master, you little bitch.”
“Ready for everything, Captain Watson. How professional,” he joked, dropping a kiss in the centre of John’s chest.
He raised his eyes in the darkness and found himself looking at the eyes of Moran's Bengal tiger touching their noses. He breathed calmly, watching as the white fangs peeked under the hairy lips. A growl came from the depths of the animal, who wagged his tail gently.
Okay. Another tactic, perhaps.
“Haniel.”
Well. It
John cleared his throat, forgetting the laughter from a few minutes ago. His face hurt, and it had only been a few minutes of smiles, he was so unaccustomed to it.
Greg smiled, as if enjoying a private joke.
After they finished dessert, John insisted on paying for both of them. Sherlock knew John wanted to make a gesture for him, and that he had been saving for this. Which only made his guts twist even more inside of him, desire and affection both terribly mixed.
Since John and Rosie came back to Baker Street, they made an agreement to keep the risk factor as low as possible. They called it “The Rosie Agreement”. John was a father now. A single father, and Rosie was his priority. Sherlock understood this and even joined into the idea. He loved Rosie and accepted that a baby implied certain sacrifices. He would rather take a boring case or drop the criminal chasing at some point altogether, it to the Yard, in favour of remaining unharmed and safe to go back home again and put Rosie to sleep. Both John and Sherlock had the feeling their times of adrenalin highs and running around London were gone. At least, until she was a bit older. What were a few years compared with eternity, anyway? So, so little.
“No, that won’t do. Just hand me the bottle.”
His dreams were filled with darkness.
situations. That thought sent a warm shiver down his spine, the tingle installing itself low in his stomach. He growled when John exhaled over his mouth, lapping at his lower lips for a second before taking it between his teeth and pulling. A sudden wave of pheromones hit Sherlock fully then, and he had to focus on how his hands clutched John’s shirt and nothing else because if he didn’t calm himself, they wouldn’t even get to cross that threshold.
However, and, despite the circumstances, he was not in a completely unfavorable situation. John had treated some cases of people from the ‘Lion Den’ which had a closed stomach from the lack of food available, with their bellies swollen but empty of all food. When they reached the mobile stalls of the health care under the bridges, the medics knew that there was nothing that they could do to help them rather than give them shelter until they died.
Moran’s hand closed again around his arm, pulling him, and once he shakingly stood up, he pushed him forward.
Watching scenery through the window of the car had been horrible. After years of living in the ‘Lion Den’, where time seemed to have fallen back two centuries and the streets were dark, where the asphalt was chipped, cracked and bulging, and electricity was only active for two hours a day, and none of them was during the night. Where people washed their clothes in the dirty waters of the Thames because they couldn’t use the washing machine, where children younger than five didn’t know what a car was because in the streets in the ‘Lion Den’ were little to no use and gasoline and car maintenance were too expensive for the people living there…
Rosie sobbed harder.
“Now go. I expect answers soon.”
“What should I call you, then? Traitor?”
“I wish this was different,” he muttered, looking at John’s dead, pale face. Sherlock knew he couldn’t hear him. The strong smell of the enzymes in charge of the change was still intense, and the mouth-watering essence of his blogger’s blood was being suffocated by it. Soon, there would be just a trace of what it once was, only a faint memory of the delicious treasure John had been as a human.
But there was no disgust in Sherlock’s eyes, but a deep devotion. Everything that had maintained him alive, everything that he had fought for, all of that which made him give absolutely everything of himself. A sensation of triumph and mental peace filled him when he realized that, if it hadn’t been for the demolition of the wall, neither of them would probably be there at the moment. They wouldn’t be looking at each other. Probably the man in front of him would still be held prisoner in Buckingham, and he would remain locked in his lab, working with the
He grabbed his Sig Sauer and shot him in the leg, outside of the zone occupied by the bone. The bullet entered and exited cleanly, piercing his flesh. He placed the gun back to his belt and when he entered the living room, he found him at a desk, surrounded by the paperwork.
“Told you I didn’t need a knife.”
But Sherlock had not listened to her. She had seen in his eyes the flame of passion, the fierce fire of determination and she could not help but feel overwhelmed by the power distilled in those shining oceans. To face an ancient god in his deepest grace would have resulted less terrible than being pierced by that pair of stars.
John knew what he meant without asking.
Even thinking he was inevitably going to die, he refused to do so without a fight. Always so stubborn. Feeling his chest tight, he swam faster, seeing a blurry point of light over him. Whatever it was, it was surely the surface. If he managed to reach something and pull himself up…
The dark sweetness of his voice caressed John’s ears and enticed him to move. Sherlock saw the exact moment when the human in John let go of the powerful, marvellous beast lying dormant underneath. It took only half a second to have him on his knees, a needy, feral expression on his face. Sherlock tossed the man away, ignoring the yelp from the other side of the room as the body hit the wall forcefully.
“You remember.”
But now it was different.
“Ok! I got it! No need to be so bothered by it. Jesus”.
And he would still have to see him die. He would be holding him
He quickly dialed Mycroft’s number, but the call was cut off. Then the phone buzzed with an incoming text.
“Mine.” He growled again between clenched teeth, sounding desperate.
They should have stayed like that. Safe. At home.
He approached him, walking slowly, at a requiem step, until he reached the blond man. Sherlock had never stopped to think about the gender or the physical aspect of his soulmate. Elements like these didn’t seem relevant to him, but he couldn’t deny that the vision was more than good: a solid body, blond and strong. Young and not too old. Stable. Reliable. Secure. Good. Brilliant. Soft. Royal. Golden. All of that was what his eyesight gave him. He could feel his heart racing too, and he sat on the edge of the bed, never loosing eye contact with his partner. He reached out a hand, unable to contain himself, and brushed his cheek, wiping a tear, feeling as his eyes watered as well. He laughed, unable to contain himself. It was all being so unreal...
“You were dead!” The man screamed, writhing like a worm. “I stabbed you! I killed you!”
A new chapter will come very soon! 2 weeks max!!!
“Imagine fighting side by side with me. Taking a ship. Commanding the men. Battle after battle and then coming back to our cabin to stitch each other up and get clean. Such a glorious sight you’d be,” Sherlock mused, almost sad. “Of course, they weren’t the best of times. Plenty of circumstances could have ended us. But pirate societies were acceptant and liberal. We would have been able to be together without scrutiny. Maybe we would’ve bought ourselves an island in the Caribbean to settle down with our part of the treasures we’d found over the years. The good parts of pirate life were the best parts.”
His voice has shaky, strained and interrupted by quick breaths. Sherlock saw pearls of sweat rolling down his neck and pushed John a bit backwards, raising himself enough to be seated. Then he leaned forward so he could lick the sweat from his skin, savouring the salt in it. John shuddered above him, biting his lips.
“Shhh. It will be fine. Try to stay conscious.”
John frowned.
Sherlock’s eyes were on him, pupils dilated and lips parted. It made his insides squirm with want and need. The desire he had felt kissing Sherlock upon waking was back, crawling through the lower part of his belly like a dark promise.
Thank you for reading and supporting this story with kudos and comments!
They could have gone home when he found the evidence that took them to the pub where they started the chase, as John had suggested when he saw it was already late. As charmed as Molly was by Rosie, she had her own life and could not be taking care of a baby 24/7 that wasn’t hers. Or so his friend had said.
“He was on a diplomatic trip, coming back from Paris. A rough newborn decided it was a good idea to start a fight with two werewolves just to get to Mycroft. We suspect he was out of control. Had no sire, no clan, and the werewolves somehow entered what he deemed as his territory,” Sherlock explained.
The rank  smell of sweet dying roses hit him, and he wrinkled his nose in distaste. His wings flapped, showing his discomfort, and he willed them still, forcing himself to breath in deeply.
“Of course, gentlemen. Here you are. If you will follow me...”
In that area of the new world, people emerged with prophetic dreams. Along with creatures that ancient civilizations had called as guardian spirits. They were the shapes of the embodied under the disguise of animals that protected their owner and ensured that they could find their other half. The ones destined to share their hearts.
John arched an eyebrow, toying with his food with his fork.
He felt it the moment Sherlock’s lungs filled with air, readying him to give an answer.
Night fell. John only noticed the passage of time because the light outside had changed again, and because he heard the sound of the gravel outside crunching underneath the tyres of a car. A steady thump accompanied it, and he rose carefully from the sofa, trying to get a good sight of the door.
Frowning, he looked at the closed wooden box , thoughts like long distant voices whispering inside his head.
“Sherlock. And I believe that we have a life ahead of us.”
“I luv u,” John slurred, his hands losing the strong hold they had on his knee and the collar of his shirt. “S’lock, ‘m cold.”
Within the group they had a bit of variety. A pair of Spanish soldiers, Christian and Silvia, who had arrived in the early months of the change and were trapped there, an Irish woman called Wanda with a fondness for explosives which was very disturbing, three frenchmen who had survived to the attack on their platoon, and a pair of retired soldiers from the US Marine Corps, which the dictatorship had caught them and closed the fronteers while they were on holidays in London.
His new name was John.
The movement of the vampire made both the mattress and the wooden bed creak loudly, the impacts sounding as the bedhead crashed against the wall.
“So you’re like, a thing? You two?”
The Holmes manor was different that what he had expected. Locked in that small chamber, John had imagined a modern place, full of technology and gadgets of all kinds. What he found instead was a strange yet tasteful combo of very different elements. There was furniture that looked older than he was right next to IKEA pieces and what seemed to be expensive designer chairs and lamps. The mirrors were all classic baroque. Some of the glass had become opaque and almost useless, only vague shapes and colours reflected back.
“Busy. I think it’s time for Da to feed”, Mycroft said with a deep sniff.
A sense of failure descended slowly upon him. How was a murder so hard to solve? Specially a teen’s? Back in the old days, he would have already found the reason behind all of this. John felt like he was broken and defective. What was happening to him?
He got to a train station, Watson’s memories already filling most of the blanks of his own knowledge of human interaction and recent history, as well as technological developments. The fusion would need time to settle down, as well as his glamour. Flying was no use now.
When he was given his choice, to mingle with humans, or to remain angelic, he had it easy. He would have rather stayed as a spiritual being, but he had to admit he was different from his brothers and sisters. He enjoyed being with humans. He was a healer and a fighter. Equilibrium and protection was ingrained in his core. Attack though defending. The shield of the innocent and fair. He had commanded legions of angels in the sacred wars on the past, fought against evil and its forces. Even when some decisions pained him, if they had to be done, he did them.
The wolf continued to snarl, but its threats lowered its tone down until they became muffled warning sounds.
So she held him fiercely and covered him up, holding his head, knowing what was coming, trying to give him all her support.
All of John’s interactions with him during the last few weeks came to mind, along with his own thoughts about them. There was all of that seemingly random touching, the closeness, the intensity of his smell whenever Sherlock was with Rosie and especially after a case. The soft smiles. He had diagnosed these acts as a friendly possessive warning. Instinctive. A way to remind him what his place in Rosie’s life was.
“Welcome, John.”
“Haniel…”
Sherlock remained sleeping on the couch for a while longer, while digestion was being done. Mycroft sat down to work at the table, filling reports with the regulatory bottle of alcohol before him. The glass was empty, untouched. That was weird. His brother's daily routine was to arrive at home, have a drink and then to continue to work. Sherlock saw his chance when he woke up and saw that Mycroft had finished reports, neatly stacked in front of him. He had his hands covering his face, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, his shirt half open, and the bottle in front of him was empty even when a couple of hours ago exhibited itself new and full.
John’s martial steps were beginning to make the policemen that were watching him feel uncomfortable, up to the point that many of them looked away, intimidated.
Fleetingly, Sherlock allowed himself to do the same. He allowed himself to feel everything he had not allowed himself to feel in his whole life. He allowed himself the pain. He allowed himself the pity. He allowed himself the hunger, thirst and rage. He allowed himself the blood. He allowed himself to be broken.
It was a great idea John was only wearing a ridiculously colourful apron the yarders had given them as a present last christmas, Sherlock though. It was great because that had given him the precious chance of having a handful of Hotson’s arse that lovely morning. And that was always something worth celebrating.
had to get ready? John couldn’t be asking him on a date, right? That would be... would be... good. But. No. Couldn’t be...
“Ethan, take the dog directly to Buckingham. Let them put him in the outside cages.”
“Well, he’s special in his own way, but yes, he’s a genius. And yes, the idea was his. He said that it would be a good first step to test Moriarty. See how he would react in the end. But he has something big to end with him. He seems terribly enthusiastic about it. And he is not as young as they say” he explained. “So, how did you do it? How did you manage to hold so long?”
It had been nearly two years since they made “The Rosie Agreement”.
John had just returned from a reconnaissance mission around the perimeter, when he met Ethan, who was looking for him.
“It’s a long story for another day. For now, all I can say is that it’s a sort of borrowed camouflage technique from other supernatural beings.”
“Do you want a condom?” He asked, unsure.
”, John said, spite clear at his tone.
“Our parents died, a long time ago. Father died first, when Mycroft left from Sussex to London wishing to become a tailor’s apprentice. He was one of the first to die from Tuberculosis. Mummy followed several years later.”
Sherlock approached him, removing the bottle and glass, and called his name until he looked up at him. If all of the evidence weren’t pointed to the contrary, he would have sworn that his brother was sober. He had dark circles under the eyes, which were clear, cold and clear. They were clearly not the eyes of a drunken man.
It seemed that the information was not well received, because Jim’s face transformed itself into an angry expression full of excessive violence and madness. John felt that he had just signed his death warrant. The gentle pull of the leash told him that he shouldn’t have said that.
John closed his hands in tight fists, feeling the flame inside of him answering, burning strong and waiting an order. How messed up he was. No wonder they had sent him away. After two days on Earth, he hadn’t found anything resembling a disturbance, even though he felt it. Except, of course, his encounter the first day. He would have taken that as some kind of signal, but the demon hadn’t felt the same way as the disturbance felt. A kind of lingering, powerful negativity. A black hole, consuming and magnetic. Almost seductive.
Weakness was not an option when working along with the Leader.
After that, he attacked the food like a hungry wolf. When he finished eating his stomach hurt so much from the amount of eaten food that he even wanted to vomit, but he didn't allow himself to do that. Food was not thrown away. He felt guilty for eating the two nuts. They were two nuts less for Wiggins.
John stood right in front of the mahogany lectern and smiled politely.
“If you ask me, go. However, there are guards in every corner. This is a building belonging to Scotland Yard. You couldn’t walk more than twenty steps before they catch you. You’ve been caught John. The less time you take to accept that your life has ended, the more you will survive.”
John hoped the feather he left for the boy’s soul would bring them some peace at least. Maybe a bit of dreaming once he fixed all of this would be appreciated.
His tone was neutral, as if he couldn’t care less. John was not as surprised as he felt he should be.
When Mycroft was drunk he would not evade the questions. When Mycroft was drunk he answered to all of the questions. And they were usually truthful.
“How old are you?”
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say you just had the best sexual encounter of your life,” he commented, sounding almost bored. A deep sniff made his fangs tingle inside his mouth. There it was again. John reeked of attraction and seduction pheromones. How predictable. Sherlock dropped the pencil he had been chewing, and followed John as he hung his coat on the hook near the flat’s entrance.
Moran turned around to look at him. His expression was hard to read, but he wasn’t intimidated.
A couple of minutes later, the convulsions turned into shivers and then John’s heart, tired and subdued, simply stopped beating.
“Impressive.”
Had John missed him? Had John hated him as he was meant to?
As he poked the logs, he waited for a reply, but the only thing he heard was John’s breathing. It sounded hard, fast and short. His husband was unsettled, and doing his best to keep his breathing in control without suffocating. Had he been running?
That memory allowed him to have some peace of mind, knowing Mycroft would take perfect care of Rosie’s wellbeing while he did the same for John, at least till he detected the first hints of change. Even so, he was determined to give Rosie’s night bottle himself, and to put her to sleep. As much as she seemed to like Mycroft, Sherlock was reluctant to alter her habits too drastically.
“I don’t care how you do it,” he said without looking to the side, his eyes fixed on the rear mirror. There was another black car parked at the end of the block, not too far away. And right behind their car, were the two private security guards Mycroft only bought along when faced with human inconveniences. “I want that bastard ready for when John rises.”
The bucket full of icy water that fell on him made him clench his teeth and cringe, stifling a gasp. The chain that was tied to his feet jingled when he bent his legs, trying to cover himself as he trembled. The thick links of the chain tightened, exerting resistance against his trembling movements. He slowly closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cold concrete wall, remembering why he was doing this. Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale.
The water was as pitch black as it was cold. Cold as only river water can be, even in the middle of a summer day. With his eyes open, John was unable to see any light surface and, weren’t for the air bubbles coming out of his mouth, he would have trouble discerning if he was either up or down.
T/N: I’m really sorry that I didn’t post in time, I got a terrible cold and a headache followed after it. I’m getting better but it’s still lingering. I hope that I will get better soon and continue with the translations.
As John moved away, his feet slipped and he fell face first into the bathtub. He barely had time to gasp and get some air before he was… falling inside the seemingly bottomless bathtub.
With a soft sigh, he sat by the foot of John’s bed. He felt uneasy, as he always did in this room. It was too quiet, too closed.
“‘If I’m responsible’? I knew you were slow, John. But I was expecting more from you. You know what you’ve seen. Don’t let your own prejudices stain the logic of the events laid before you. It’s pedestrian.”
A/T: This story is a translation of the work 'Your shadow I follow' written by MiraHerondale. I do not own the plot of the story 'Your Shadow I Follow', MiraHerondale does. I neither own the TV show 'Sherlock', Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat do. Further, the TV show 'Sherlock' is based on 'Sherlock Holmes' by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
“Welcome to the family, Dr. Watson. Glad to see you on your feet again.”
Sherlock trying to avoid any contact with him for twenty four hours at least, to avoid getting any of that smell on himself.
The kiss was tender, sweeter than the last one had been. Any hurry or lust lost the moment John’s hunger had been satisfied. Sherlock couldn’t resist taking a taste of blood form John’s lips and tongue, finding a residual, honey like taste of John’s venom. He shivered, discovering the flavour difference between John’s and his own very telling. While he was acid and almost liquid, John was luscious and thick.
The room was mostly empty of anything useful. There was only a small table with a chair and against the wall opposite to the door was the plush King size bed where he had been laying. He saw a pair of hooks on the other side and he needn’t be a soldier to know those were meant to hold a chain. And by the looks of them, it was one hell of a chain.
The leash went back to his neck, tying him to the ground, however, the electronic shackles didn’t come back. John raised an eyebrow when Holmes grabed a gun, similar to that of the tatooists that are going to insert a piercing, but with a round and flat lid that was colored in black around the trigger.
John’s voice was mellow, and Sherlock finally raised his head from his armpit to rest his chin over John’s clavicle, looking at him in the eye. With a sigh, feeling himself going soft, he pulled out as gently as he could, taking a discreet sniff to check for blood or any harm. Calmed when he found nothing, he allowed himself to be lulled to rest by John.
Sherlock lifted his eyes from the microscope to find John standing in front of him. It took his breath away.
“Bloody hell, you are an impossible, selfish git. Want me to call you Sherlock then? Earn it. Because I won’t let you use me for your games.”
“Stop it, Helel”, John hissed.
Sherlock ran to catch him as his legs finally gave up. John was coughing now, blood on his lips, but his hands, still firm, grabbed his lover’s arm with surprising strength. While lowering them to the floor, Sherlock tried not to press the knife any further within his body.
returning down the hall, with a happy trot that he had not seen in years. He arched his eyebrows when he saw him appear, until he saw the ends of a long coat after him, whipping the legs of the one that was following after him in a hurry. He swallowed again when Greg’s badger left his lap quickly, at the same time that a black crow entered his room cawing, flying a few laps around in the air. John’s heart accelerated as he directed his gaze towards the planning bird, tracing perfect parabolas over him, before perching on the shoulder of a tall, thin, pale-skinned man. He could not have been more than thirty years old. He was certainly younger than him, or so it seemed. His thin lips were open, and his clear eyes were staring at him from the hospital’s door.
John was quiet, listening to Sherlock as if he had grown another head all of a sudden. Meanwhile, Sherlock was trying to stay as close to truth as he could. He didn't want to lie to John, but he couldn't exactly tell him that had happened centuries ago, right?
“Well. I can’t believe it’s you, wolfie. You have been a very bad boy”, said Jim, with a nasty smile on his face. He approached him and stared. He felt bad about having to look up to center on his eyes on him, but he did it anyway, standing at attention. “You have been for a long time trying to escape from me, but now it’s over. Isn’t he naughty, don’t you think Holmes?”
“My dear John. You forget we have the British government on our side.”
“I’m glad you are enjoying it.” John took another sip of his wine, and after taking a good look at Sherlock, he busied himself cutting a piece of his steak. Behind them, in another room annexed to theirs, music began to play. It was a small band with a pianist, two violinists, a cello, and a harp. The music was soft and low enough not to be a bother when talking.
Before John could complain, he was distracted by the shrieking sound of an old door opening. To John, it looked like a basement entrance.
He growled, opening his eyes. He was sprawled on his throne, dark and cold in an effort to find a comfortable position. The creature was magnificent. His long legs were over the armrest, his dark wings spread hiding him from sight. From between his dark curls, two ram like horns rose above his head and curled back towards his thin jaw. The bone of the horns were pitch black, absorbing any light in the room and as thick as an arm. From between the horns rose a flame, burning as if fuelled by gasoline. It’s crackling blazes moved sinuously, sometimes caressing and engulfing the black horns that framed them.
“John.”
There were a few gym machines and weight discs piled on one side of the room. John could also see a medium sized grey mat with several shelves around it holding almost any kind of weapon he could imagine.
Since then, they had resisted in a small house on the outskirts of The Lions Den, with Mycroft coming and going. And when there were visitors coming, Sherlock had to pretend to be abstracted with anything, and that his brother had to help him when feeding. He never spoke when there were visitors, and Mycroft spent the first months lost in the drinks, not sleeping at night and working for the Leader during the day. He never forgave himself for the death of their parents.
Sherlock crossed the portal back to their shared bedroom, knowing nobody would be there to see it. The fireplace was still lit, we could hear the logs crackling, and the faint smell of humid wood, fire and smoke.
He watched everything from one of the branches over the wolf, waiting to see that there was nobody that could attack him. Everything about the place reeked of being a trap. However, the pitiful yelping of the animal started to break him inside, so without thinking, he glided until he stopped on the floor in front of him, studying the chain, looking for an opening. The wolf looked at him and cried, stretching out to its maximum height, begging for his help. The crow pecked at the bonds without success, and only managed to hurt itself. However, he stayed with the wolf, watching and thinking of a way to free him until he woke up.
“I’d rather be the fearsome pirate who takes no prisoners. Except for one brave knight who had the boldness to try to seduce him.”
“John!”
“This is no innocent, John. I don’t think you’ll mind.”
“You were wondering about what I said before, about my pirate days,” Sherlock said, his voice suddenly very loud in the room.
“I’m losing him... I’m losing him, I’m losing him...”
This vampire AU is going to evolve into a Series. The Blood of Our Kind series. Next work coming is a one-shot. I have already a few adds scheduled. OFC, you can always ask for things you want to see. I promise I'll take every one of them into consideration!
He descended among the bare branches covered in snow in the forest that he was located; it was dotted with white and ochre as an early snowfall occurred in the last days of autumn. The wolf raised its head and sniffed until he was found. He landed on one of the lower branches, not wanting to go lower, and observed from there. The animal walked with its paws treading gently but firmly the fallen leaves, branches, and snow. It walked with a certain elegance, gently wiggling its bushy tail behind him. By the way, it looked its surroundings; you could even say it was lost.
They both smiled mischievously at each other, fully in tune with the subtext underlying their conversation.
Author A/N:
He was going to purify them all.
“Of course not. Greg said he didn’t mind, and he owes me a favour, anyway.”
He smiled tensely, silently judging the press of the knife on John’s back and the movement of the suspect.
“I’ve found you.”
If Sherlock wanted to test his abilities, well... a bit of exercise never hurt anyone.Or so he told himself. Sherlock’s delighted look had nothing to do with it, of course.
“I told you already, John. It is what it is. I caused you emotional trauma. It was an expected response, even if not morally condonable. We both did things we regret, we both are aware it wasn’t normal, good behaviour, and we won’t let history repeat itself. Next topic, please,” he gently dispatched.
And for a moment, he wished he could have not gotten it back.
John’s fingers tensed and pressed harder into his own hands.
“John.”
He felt somewhat sleepy, his body heavy. It was difficult for him to find out exactly where in space were his legs, let alone the feet.
“Holmes?”
Plus, if a woman was necessary to make John happy, so be it.
John wanted to answer, but he had no sense of time at that moment. His eyes were closing, and he struggles to keep them open.
“Acceptable. I’m glad you appreciated my effort on that suit.” He coughed, trying to gain some composure. “I’ll be taking care of Rosie tonight, I assume.”
He remained static, trying to go unnoticed while he listened to increasingly fast beeps of the machine that monitored John’s heart. John himself didn’t think he could be more nervous. He felt his mouth dry, his hands trembling, and he felt somewhat dizzy. He needed to blink several times in order to check that his vision was not fooling him, and even then, he was still nervous. It was a type of embarrassment, like the first time that Molly had treated him in the infirmary from the wounds that Moriarty had done to him, but intensified, multiplied by twenty thousand million times. Molly had been a stranger. Someone who was secondary and only a passenger to him, relevant in a relative way. If what his head told him at that moment was not wrong, the one in front was his vital complement. The fragment that would make him a whole.
He hid his face in John’s neck, pressing his mouth closed, the desire for bitting and mating too intense now, becoming a necessity. He was so concentrated on controlling his fangs (now completely out and itching to bite), that he almost missed the key moment. John’s body was trembling, his muscles tense, and his voice high-pitched and desperate.
John was miraculously dry for  a man without an umbrella.
Angels did not sleep. They were complex creatures, and they didn’t need  such mortal systems to process information and regain strength. Meditation was the preferred method for him. When dealing with too much data, he was usually rendered vulnerable. Having a space for his own, in which he could rest and order his thoughts safely, was an absolute novelty.
“That was fast Johnny! Did you miss me?” John grunted and approached the desk, avoiding answering. Jim leaned back in his chair, placing his feet on the wooden desk. He snorted, “Bah! You and Seb are always the same at communicating. Cavemen! There are more words in the dictionary than monosyllables."
That night, he dreamt with the crow again. And this time, he saw himself tied up with thick chains to a black moss-covered stone throne. No matter how many attempts that he made to break himself free, he did not succeed, and the neither the raven could. But the simple fact that he stayed with him the rest of the night, was enough to renew his spirits.
“But you…”
“Both of us. You and me. As if on a date. A real,
He could still remember how they had armed themselves that morning. They knew that their group was part of the special mission in which had to provoque and trip over their feet, as they could die any day by a stray bullet or a poorly controlled explosion. They also knew that they risked their lives more than any group, but it did not seem to matter to them. Silvia had been the first one to venture into the tube tunnel, with the flare lit to illuminate the way.
It would be difficult sneak a bomb into Buckingham palace and to blow it up with the leader inside, but it wouldn't be impossible. The problem was that a sacrifice was needed, and he knew that no one would want to be the willing spare one. And he did not want to be the author of something like that. The simple idea disgusted him. So, he kept thinking about the idea and various available alternative plans.
“There is a prophecy, isn't it? Let’s hear it.”
John was humming a happy tune when he reached the door of the flat at Baker Street. He frowned when, as he was reaching for the key, he saw water dripping from the steps, coming from the other side of the door.
After both, wolf and raven, walked together through the snowy forest –the raven perched on the wolf, kneading the hair with the claws without scratching the skin–, Sherlock started to wake up, and forced himself to fly away, wishing to dream again with the wolf with the sandy fur. He flew off, drawing circles as he rose, and he heard the clear howl of the wolf when it raised its head elegantly to howl.
Sherlock’s voice was like honey, deep and seductive, a panther’s purr. He sounded so delighted, even surprised .
“I never thought you to be a traitor. It seems we were both wrong. Funny thing, eh?”
“It’s
He noticed that the chain was loose. Holmes’ arm was tense, but he wasn’t putting any pressure on it. Which only meant that to a certain point he was at his side, right?
“Give me a good reason” he said, slowly, “not to burn you to ashes this instant, Helel.”
John’s expression remained impassible.
“I’m not going to say what will happen to you because I’d be lying", said the man beside him without looking at him. John saw how his hand clung tightly to the handle of the umbrella again. Suddenly he cringed lightly, grimacing with undisguised pain and to lean on him in order to be able to stand. “But you will learn to control it… if you live long enough.”
Its a short chapter, but I’ll be working on something special for Halloween, and I wanted to post an update for this before going full time to the other fic!
And, as logical as it was, being faced with the fall of the 'pure' population caused panic to spread everywhere and make the measures more drastic in order to control everything. In the end, nature was not helping. If not, worsening the situation.
They made him stop just two meters from the suited man, who had hanged and was rubbing his face with his hands, as if everything were very complicated. He turned aside and looked at another man. He was a redhead, dressed in a three-piece suit and wearing an old umbrella in his hand, at which that time he was clinging tightly, until knuckles turned white.
Wings folded at his back, invisible to humans, he walked to a military graveyard in search of a good name he could fit himself into. Creating fake memories was easier if the name had a good enough background. The echoes of the souls that once lived were still whispered at the stones beneath his fingers.
There was something worried about the voice, something he had learned to recognise. But the burning was just too much. White noise covered his ears, his eyes, his heart, his brain. It was like navigating across a sea of honey.
“I am. Father traveled a lot. He lived in London, working for a company that commercialised with Paris, and on one of those trips he met my mother.”
“It’s alright. We’ll go slowly. I’ll stop anytime you want, just say the word.”
He blinked, suddenly aware he had been lost inside his mind palace for too long. He wondered if he had at least remembered to breathe while he was in there.
Neither this time nor the following ones.
, the voices said softly, a soft warm blanket over his shoulders, like a hug.
Sherlock’s precious, icy eyes, sharpened. He looked a bit offended.
Sherlock, who had been grinning back while patiently waiting his turn, laughed softly and began making all sorts of silly noises and sounds, asking Rosie about her day out and kissing her cheek with due ceremony (the exact way he knew would make her explode into contagious baby giggles).
He heard a soft rustling sound, like the movement of sheets coming from somewhere, and he turned his head trying to locate the source. Soon Rosie’s babbling started. It was as if she was right beside him.
“Don’t I usually?”
“Alright, Sherlock. If I discover that you are the one messing around, be sure I’ll fulfil my duty. As I should have a very long time ago. Make sure you get out of my way.”
"However, this is different." he pointed out, as he tied the bag full of medicine and sausages in a vacuum package around his body and under the shirt in order to take it home and avoid the police check.
It was there where he was given a new family, where he joined the resistance and learned the trade of being a doctor from one of the surgeons that had retired from the army when the superiors were purchased by the Leader. It was there, sleeping in the subway cars that had been adapted to make them into barracks that were livable, where he met Sally and the rest of his team.
That would definitely accelerate their plans.
“You were magnificent, John”, Sherlock muttered, his voice low and reverent. He leaned back to look his lover in the eyes, adoringly. “You looked as if you were born for this.”
The person on the floor had his head covered with a black bag and his hands tied firmly to his back with a lace. The figure (a man most likely, based on the general body features) was whimpering softly, murmuring nonsense. There was something oddly familiar about him, but John couldn’t quite put his finger on it. He hoped the guy was not someone they knew. Sherlock wouldn’t do that, right?
“I just need rest. It’ll be fine after a while”, he tried, feeling overwhelmed by the great attention he was being given.
“Sherlock” he said, throat suddenly dry. “Do I really need to kill him? Can’t I just take
John smiled tenderly, pressing a kiss to his head. Sherlock blinked, coming back from were he had drifted away, and bowed his head to kiss John back, lips ghosting over the scar on his shoulder hidden beneath his shirt.
Then something happened that made John’s heart jolt.
“I... I knew for a long time I had feelings for you.” The confession made something start to twist inside Sherlock’s body, but the soft music helped him remain calm. “I think I knew since the beginning. I did try to ask you on a date. But it wasn't until recently I admitted it to myself.”
“I’m going to have a shower because I’ve been treating flu cases all day and all I want right now is to get clean. But afterwards there’s a date, a nice dinner, and maybe something more. I think that’s a pretty good reason to be happy, don’t you?”
“How did you got out of the islet?” John asked, changing the subject.
But now... with this new information... it looked like more. John’s warm steady hands on his back, on his nape, softly caressing his wrists and inside elbow, as if they were casual touches.
When he said it, he looked at John, and something in his eyes made him think that the last thing was not entirely true, but did he not dare say it out loud for fear that someone or something could be recording their words.
Irene bared her teeth before bowing.
“Very good Johnny. I enjoy it that way. Good boy.”
Morning Start’s glamour began to fade, burned by John’s projected Grace. Little by little, he bared his naked feet, covered in ashes and dust, followed by dark robes and a pair of black horns surging from amongst his hair. A fire blazed at the top of his hair, viciously licking the curled horns around it. He saw grey eyes turn dark and brilliant,wetness filling them.
Furious and spiteful, Sherlock mastered a face of disgust. He had had eons to practise how to control his emotions and expressions. He was a master of lies and deception, after all. Wasn’t he?
It was said on a breathy inhale. He could almost believe it was a mistake, but it couldn’t be. It couldn’t. The man looking at him seemed perfectly, boringly, human. All his clothes in place, every inch of him so terribly standard. And yet. He had felt the bolt, the fire inside, the spark when their hands touched. Plus he had used a force that no human could have to shove him out of the car’s way. He saw, beneath those blue eyes, something shining. Something golden, like lava  within a cloudy crystal. And his voice. It almost sound like music.
“Well, soldier. You might be a vampire now, but there are things you have to learn before you can get back out into the world, like how not to scare our human friends shitless. Mrs. Hudson is pretty liberal, but even she has a limit.”
“All this time and you pin me to a wall already? Hum... someone’s a little bit excited”, Morning Star purred, lips slightly parted.
Then John disappeared down the hallway into the bathroom.
He had been following the trail of the boy’s last hours, hoping it would throw some light on  what had happened. Hoping to get a distraction from... from
“It's too vague even for you. I’d like you to wait until it gets a bit more clear, but... The future is not unchanging, as you know. Keep an eye on the food, and I’ll call you back when I have something useful to share” Mycroft said, sounding bored already. There was a second of silence and then his voice was back, coming out of the amulet as something colder now. sounding the kind of impersonal tone that gives you goosebumps. “Water will break. A delivery will be taking place. Fulfilled promises and revelations. A test of endurance and new yet familiar faces.”
The doors of the lift opened and they appeared in a clean room, full of corridors and secondary rooms. Probably they were in an empty floor of an office building, but with the interrogation room this could only be Scotland Yard.
“Bib. Bib!” Mycroft made a questioning sound, and John could almost see him raise an eyebrow.
“How dare you, you fucking bloody idiot. How. Dare. You”, John growled.
Morning Star smiled.
John laughed and closed the menu, looking at Sherlock in the eye.
? You’ve always loved your little puns. Didn’t you, Jawn?”
“Brilliant.”
“How cheeky of you, doctor.”
But seeing both of them, staring at each other like that, as if they had found a new element, or a new species, it was so overwhelming... Soldier and chemist studied each other as if they were the gravitational centre of each other.
“He caught me, in fact. But he was following orders, like everyone else”, John explained, caressing the avatar’s warm ethereal coat. He saw Lestrade frown, but he went on. “Let’s say that he advised me not to do a number of things, and I systematically ignored him as much as my body could hold. As soon as I started doing what he told me, I began to survive. But still, Buckingham is the worst place... the most awful place that can exist right now.”
As always, many thanks to
“Yes, sir.”
Hope you like it!
“I’m glad you enjoyed yourself,” he said, in a sleepy voice. “As much as I dislike the idea of cleaning up, you are right.”
. Was he in the ‘
“Ethan is indisposed. He has just gone to the infirmary.”
The polite, diplomatic answer beside him was immediate.
He was one of the causes why a battalion was trying to blow up the barricade of the underground tunnels at Embankment station. Because that was the distraction. His real goal had been to recover the District line at the blockage of Putney Bridge station. He had been the captain that who was in charge of the assault to point E. And it was to be expected that he would be captured. He was playing with his life everyday.
He took off his coat and scarf and as he hanged them behind the door, he took off his shoes. Then, he also took his socks off and threw them at the laundry basket, and walked to the living room in his shirt and trousers, naked feet finding the heat of both the parket and the living room's old persian carpet.
The silence was telling.
Sherlock felt the hand clutching the collar of his shirt press harder and heard a soft gasp as John let his head fall to the side, giving him more space for the first sucking bite.
“Why would I...?”
“You have to take care of Rosie. Promise me, Sherlock. I need you to raise our daughter. Please. Promise me.”
It was a beautiful sound. The most beautiful thing. A song he had once been familiar with.
He felt comfort irradiating from around him, filling him with calm. It was almost painful to watch such a pure light. It had never been a problem before and he knew what that meant. Sadness washed over him like a wave again. Something bittersweet and crushing. He felt warmth, like a kiss, at his temple.
“Well, sidekick, let’s see how much your boyfriend loves you.”
Yet he remembered, even from his human days, his mother telling him she hoped someday he found someone that could make him happy.
John tensed. He did not expect Jim to know his name. In fact, he wished that he hadn’t known. He noticed the Leader’s eyes go over his body up and down, and when he licked himself, he gagged, remembering for the first time since he was in the room that he was naked. He wondered, with some black humor, if he would get killed if he vomited over him, and what would his face look like. What he found most surprising was that he noticed that he wasn’t much older than him.
The next day, Sherlock seemed more recovered than when he had arrived. He had slept all day, hidden in his stinky room on the top floor of the apartment. It was not until late at night that Sherlock woke up. He had heard Mycroft's footsteps make the old wood creak under his weight as he went up the narrow stairs to his room. This time, they divided the food, bread with cheese like every Monday. While they were eating, Mycroft looked at him. He waited until they stopped chewing the food, they did it slowly in order deceive their stomachs with the illusion that they would have more food inside that would really be. When he spoke, it was soft.
“Actually, I had help... At least in the beginning. Do you know Mycroft Holmes?”
Feeding wasn’t meant to be a painful process. That’s why his saliva acted so quickly, numbing the area and sealing the bit. It was always easier to feed on willing prey rather than holding them down while feeding. Of course, it was pleasurable for the vampire, too. Not only because of the feeding or the rich taste of blood, but also because of the intimacy of the act and the stimuli that worked to activate the venom glands.
“You’ll have more control this way. But if you want to change...”
John’s tongue was firm and soft against his, and tasted like toothpaste and mint. So he was ready for this. Ready for kissing. It made him wonder if John had also gotten ready for any
Then he turned to John, blue eyes locking on his. He saw the almost ginger beard twist with his lips to draw a bothered expression.
He got up and walked to the window, opening it wide, watching as the glass bounced, almost falling into the void. The streets of London looked exactly the same as nineteen years ago, only that the world had changed drastically. Sherlock had seen the world change around him so often and in so many different ways, all for worse that now nothing surprised him anymore.
He let go of Morning Star’s hand, feeling it itch at the loss of contact. He waited, feeling the fire burning inside, ready to strike. His hands were vibrating, waiting for the shield that would never come, because here, glamoured as he was, he could not communicate with his core like that. Not that he needed to anyways. Morning Star still had not spoken, and John could see the light he projected reflected in his pupils. His eyes were light, a faint glow surging from his skin.
Sherlock shrugged again.
“I wish I had told you sooner. Maybe you would have left me afterwards and you wouldn’t have died in that alley. You’d be safe with Rosie at some other place.
After getting home from the shops, John felt euphoric. It had been a lovely morning, the kitchen sex had been delightful, and Sherlock would be waiting for him, most likely at the sofa. The lazy git.
John passed a hand through his hair, feeling the pressure of his fingers against his scalp, nails scratching as they went. A sudden thought crossed his mind. “Why did you...? You... All this time. You were holding back.”
The vents had become fireplaces, and the food that they received came to them periodically through anonymous donations. Some people even escaped far enough from the sight of the frontier and went hunting for a few months until they came back, with enough pieces to put them in salt and hold a couple more months. They were generally saved for the winter, when the food became scarce even in the ‘Lion’s Den’.
The vampire felt as warm, sticky, viscous come covered his hand, and he kept up the movement of his arm, twisting a bit on the way up to milk the orgasm out of John.
Sherlocks’s eyebrows rose and when he spotted the drops of come on John’s stomach. He smiled.
Sherlock started to walk very slowly to the left. If he could move fast enough to grab the arm holding the knife, maybe he would give John the chance to free himself.
’ and Molly wasn’t there. He closed his eyes, surrendering to the morphine. It didn’t matter how much he fought with it, he was never going to be able to fight against the drug. He tried to remember how he had gotten here, what was the last thing he remembered. The last thing he had been doing. He remembered having his rifle in his hand, and heard shots...
“When I found him, several years later, he had changed his name, his hair, and his position. He’d made friends with the right people, and warned me about not going anywhere near the guillotines.”
Sherlock rested his feet softly on the ground, the flame finding a place to rest somewhere in front of him. Then, when it finally stopped, it grew in size.
Sorry for having gone so slow with this. I had three versions of the chapter and none of them seemed good to me. XD
The lesser demon took a step closer and the flames at the top of the man’s head crackled fiercely, flames growing in size. The demon stopped and made himself small, crouching until his face was nearly touching the ashen ground. It’s hissing voice came out muffled.
The smile faded slowly from the man’s lips. He was sure. The more he looked at him, his blue eyes got a little bit clearer. The fire burning behind making itself known. The hand holding his was getting warmer by the second.
“I think I might take the knight, but you are no princess in distress. Maybe the mysterious apothecary? Or the wise wizard? I’m not sure.”
He had learned that information was important, and in return, he had memorized the entire map of London on his head in an incredibly accurate way. Of course, having an eidetic memory helped. Another thing that he had done with time was to trace with a map the underground lines of the city, including the subway lines that connected the two ends of London like veins. Obviously, the underground channels that passed through the Lions Den had been blocked, but they could be easily freed with a little bit of Semtex or classical dynamite.
He would then finish his drink and go to bed, rubbing his temples. The days would pass on without any noticeable changes. Sherlock never went to high school or to university. Everything that he had learned was through practice or through the chemistry books that his brother secretly brought from the 'clean' side of the city. Sometimes, Barton Church a science teacher who could no longer teach and who lived in one of the nearby buildings gave him some books. His license and title had been withdrawn for being a dystopian. Sherlock continued learning and asking his brother the same question again and again. However, he only did it when it seemed that Mycroft came in better spirits within his everlasting anger at himself and the world. He never got an answer.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, stretching himself on the sofa as long as he was, curling his feet against the armrest.
“I’m not sure I can do that.”
He was good at it, and managed to keep Rosie properly still and distracted while he cleaned her and removed the offensive cloth, but when the smell hit? It was nauseous, to say the least. He learned to have a trashcan just under the nursery changing station they had arranged so he could roll the dirty nappy up fast and dispose of it efficiently. The cleaning and preparation for the new one were much easier. And Rosie thanked him with some giggles, so it was all fine.
“Morning Star.”
His words sounded weak, even to his own ears. He didn’t want to murder anybody. But he was so
“And the day I knew I had to take my head out of my arse and do something about it all was a couple of weeks ago. You were playing with Rosie in the living room, explaining dinosaurs to her using her stuffed toy. And you were talking to her as if she could totally understand you, you were so tender. I realised that was what I wanted. Forever. To be with you. To have you in my life and Rosie’s. I remember thinking I couldn’t die without at least having tried. So I started with little, casual touches, but you seemed very unresponsive. Then on Monday, Mycroft called me to his place. He gave me a list of highly rated restaurants in the area and told me you would especially like this one. Before I could ask what this was all about, he told me not to be daft and to start doing things as I should. And so here we are.”
Luxurious, expensive, and classy,
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock moaned when he took himself in hand trying to find a bit of relief, nearly jumping when his palm brushed against the head. With all the blood in his body going south, he felt lightheaded and hungry. And John’s smell was like the final ingredient of a drug cocktail. He hadn’t felt this high since he’d stopped diluting his cocaine solution in his blood bags.
. And I was extremely good at it.”
“Do I drink blood now? I don’t feel particularly thirsty,” John mused.
He jumped, surprised at the vehemence of John’s orders. A memory, painfully clear, surfaced. John, in another time, shouting those exact words in a very different situation; the end of their relationship. John was trembling, furious. Perhaps he was a prisoner of his own memories, too?
He knew this wasn’t going to be easy. Even if he could be certain John was going to be well, there were things that could go wrong during the change.
Jim stepped forward when Holmes’ voice stopped him.
“I have just been informed that the French Governor has just arrived at the meeting hall along with the Austrian Representative. You should leave now, or you will not arrive on time.”
“Then why are you here? Were you also captured by them?”
“Come.”
The succubus moved, getting a little bit closer to him. A hand caressed his shoulder, nails scraping at the skin below the fabric of his tunic. Sherlock hissed in annoyance, and Irene smiled devilishly.
Forever.
“I’m taking your word on it. Now go get ready while I... handle some things.”
In response, John groaned.
With the first-hand experience that he had (more than enough), he could almost swear that he was under the effect of morphine. He opened an eye heavily, only to find himself with a white sheet covering him and an IV drip attached to his hand. There was a constant beeping sounding somewhere in the space that he was in. Good. Despite being half-groggy, he was still capable of thinking with some coherence.
This kiss was slower, calmer, and Sherlock found himself entwining his fingers with John’s, resting both hands beside John’s head on the biggest pillow. John smiled against his lips and pulled away to drop a kiss on the tip of his nose.
The major cause of mortality in the ‘Lion Den’ were the overdoses, right after the malnutrition.
Send love to beautiful Iglublue12, who made this translation possible. You can send her kudos and comments by visiting her translation of this fic at Fanfiction.net, which is posted at her profile.
“Morning, Watson. You are an early bird.”
He took a quick shower to remove the stench of death and drugs so that he could get a change of clothes. Additionally, he was covered in filth from being a whole week in the absence of the world because of the opiates that he had taken.
“Fuck, Sherlock. Fucking hell.”
The dystopians were someone that would warm up their bed. The dystopians were their toys.
But oh, it was too good to be true. He should have known.
When they reached the ground floor, Holmes snapped to attention and straightened up, changing his face. So much that had he not have been looking at him, John doubted that he would have been able to appreciate that under the mask of coldness, there was a man. He stepped forward, pulling the leash around his neck. The policemen that were standing at the entrance of the central parted, careful to not touch John. He couldn’t understand why there were so many objections against them when they wouldn’t have had any problem in throwing things at his head, insult him and push him when he had arrived the first time. He hadn’t seen their faces as he had his eyes bandaged, but he hadn’t moved from building to building in the whole week, so he was pretty sure that none of them had been absent that day.
But John had opposed him. John had not joined him and so, they ended up apart, as far away from each other as two beings could be.  If he had joined him, things would have gone different. It was one thing to lose an Angel. But an Archangel? That could have shook things up there. Maybe even changed them for good.
A man passing by looked at them, frowning with worry. A rabbi. Just wonderful. John turned and walked away quickly, looking for an alley he had seen, muttering to himself. Behind him, Morning Star followed, still trapped by John’s relentless grip on his hand.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow with a smirk.
Irene had lost her soulmate seven years ago. She havent been able to find them in time, so she never knew how they were or what their name was. It was a butterfly, she knew that. Beyond that, she never knew any other information. And she was nearly glad of it. The loss was a well-known and quite painful process for the dystopic that was left alive. Once, she had met someone who had told her that their souls were connected by the thread of destiny, and when one side died, the thread wasn’t cut, but it extended to the afterlife. But the surviving half felt it broken, and the sensation was of being torn apart from the inside. Irene had felt it. She had woken up in the middle of the night with no air to breathe, and a few minutes later, she fainted. When she woke up, a while later, she felt alone. So terribly abandoned... And her lioness,
“Good. Look at you. It’s like your heart isn’t beating at all. Guess I’ve lost too much blood. Or maybe you are an angel after all,” he muttered, a smile on his lips.
Sherlock lowered his head to softly press his lips against John’s, tasting the blood on them. It tasted bittersweet with a hint of mint and pepper. It made him extremely hungry. He carefully lapped at his lower lip before John deepened the kiss, holding Sherlock down by the shirt. His mate’s whole mouth tasted like blood (Pierced lung flooding. Not good) and it was a kind of hellish heaven for him.
“The fearsome pirate appreciated the gesture and that’s why he took the knight prisoner and didn’t dispatch him on sight.” The wine pooled in his stomach, warm and comforting. “He would rather dispatch him some other ways, and that requires some level of privacy to be honest.”
John read the report of the mission and then put it back on the table.
He was just grateful to have a place to retreat to.
He felt a tingling sensation inside of him, like a caress. It was the impossible sensation of someone touching your soul in the softest of ways. It felt like the purest love.
“You see?” Asked Jim, with a smile, touching his chest with a finger, satisfied. “You’re special, Johnny.”
Sherlock gave him one last peck on the lips before pulling away and offering him the new set of clean, blood free clothing.
If he was kept prisoner of Jim, he could pass important inside information to his team through clandestine letters, encrypted messages, using the old German ENIGMA machines from World War Two, which they stole from the British Museum, on the radio frequencies that no one was watching, and encrypted codes written in ancient Egyptian. If he was kept prisoner of Jim, he could keep his family safe, away from his claws.
Holmes looked at him, tired.
And obviously, it had worked.
Saying that he didn’t scream at some point in the night would give too much credit. Jim had made sure that every single moment of the process would result in fucking hell. Preparation? For what? What he intended was to mark him, not to pleasure him. The phrase that was repeated the most times during the endless hours, was one that would haunt John in his deepest nightmares.
Blinking once, as if awakening from a dream, Morning Star shook his head and the glamour was back, hiding him from John’s eyes. He was back to his human appearance. The flame inside whispered in discomfort, wishing to be freed and lick and burn the lie away. John repressed it.
But every new detail he learned was an added piece to his image of Sherlock. And instead of making him seem more unattainable, it had made him more human. He had made his fair share of mistakes, had chosen bad decisions, and had done things he regretted. They’d talked about past loves and regrets, but especially about the good things, because there would be plenty of time to wander through them all, and now was not the moment to dwell over sad affairs.
Sherlock pressed against him, closing his eyes. There was something nostalgic and sad in his voice when he spoke again.
He heard the sound of his own wings unfurling, and worry rose inside of him. The fire inside of him pressing against his last restraints. Pushing, pushing pushing… until it rose up his throat like bile.
long time. Hard as he was, the only thing he really wanted to do was turn John around, pin his back to the nearest wall, and mount him till he was sore. And as vampire’s anatomy goes, that would take a while.
John was wearing a suit Sherlock gave him as a Christmas present. It was the only quality suit he had, tailored and perfectly fitting. The soft grey colour of the fabric looked so perfect on him. It complimented the shade of his blonde hair. A quick sniff confirmed John was using his Adolfo Domingez cologne, sandalwood, pepper, and rosewood were the strongest scents and Sherlock loved it because it matched so well with his own natural smell. It was a shame he was using it for some boring woman, though.
The streets were almost deserted. The chill of the night still lingered in the air, sun dripped slowly over the clouds and almost blueish sky. People began leaving t  their homes on their way to their jobs. Humans were like busy bees, he thought. Buzzing around, following their organised schedules. All part of a massive beehive, working hard to please the Queen. Of course, they couldn’t just stay that simple. They had their own little twists and turns. Unpredictable and variable as they were, there was still a beautiful composition, and some resemblance of balance, in humanity. They weren’t  ruled by their instincts and learned how to surpass them with every evolution. Not always out of necessity but by choice. He had to admit, there was some beauty on it.
“So, all of that... the demolition of the wall... it was all from your chemist?” He asked curiously. “I’ve been told that he’s a brilliant lad.”
His centuries on earth had made him weary and rough. He knew he was wrong. There was something broken inside of him. The pain, the loss, the destruction he had seen... his core had suffered from it. The doubts he had weren’t angelic. Angels were blind faith itself. Angels were spirit, the pure essence of love and good. How could he have this… pain? This loss? After all that time?
“Why now?” he dared to ask. John seemed surprised by his question. “Why this? Why take me on a date? Discovered you have feelings for me? Now?”
With a mess of limbs, adventurous hands, and a single racing heart, they struggled upstairs, kicking shut flat B’s door and managed to fall on Sherlock’s bed, shoes already off, and jackets almost there. They didn’t even bother with the lights, too busy touching each other. The light coming from the street lamps through the window would have to suffice.
a real, romantic date.”
Sherlock was going to miss it so much.
Again, he felt like vomiting.
“You can fuck me on this table later. I would hate to know you made the sacrifice of owing my brother in vain. We
“JOHN!”
John hurried to unfasten his own trousers and shirt, throwing the latter to some place behind him, and then managed to take off his trousers without leaving his position over Sherlock’s hips.
“John Hamish Watson.”
“He’s the guy” John said, voice dry.
“Yes.”
There was a negative intervention on Earth, that much was clear. He just wasn’t sure it was something so big there was a need for an Archangel to take the job.
“Well, that’s highly unusual, isn’t it?”
Smiling triumphantly, John offered Sherlock a freshly made dish of beans and toast, and then went to sit on his lap and kissed him, cooking spoon still in hand.
Silence took over, only the sounds of his mate’s dying heart and the car’s engine left. Not long after,  John’s chest softly convulsed a couple of times, desperately trying to breathe with a flooded lung and no energy. Sherlock held him firmly against his chest, whispering sweet calming things into his ear, hoping it might help.
It was necessary though.
“As you know, I’ve been checking John’s future for three years already, and until now everything seemed quite normal. All things considered. None of the triggers I left in place has been activated, except for one.”
“We shall start with some strength exercises just to test what you can do. Then speed, reflexes, and later I’ll explain the few rules our kind is subject to”, Sherlock said from the bottom of the stairs. John ducked his head to pass under the last stone arch of the stairs only to find himself in what seemed to be the biggest, most batman-like cave he had ever seen.
“I bet you were very good at cleaning the decks and being infuriating,” John teased. Sherlock turned, his belly pressing down onto John’s lap, propping his chin against his chest. He looked just like a mischievous kid.
He did not realize that he was lying on the bed, curled into a tight ball of skeletal members until
His amulet, laying over his chest, shone when Mycroft spoke.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock stood up from the chair, accidentally brushing his leg with John’s trapped erection, and laughed devilishly when he heard him groan.
Despite the seemingly random factors of being a dystopian, it was known that, as a general rule, the first dream with the chosen soul mate would happen in the last years of puberty, when the character of the child is practically formed and the animal spirit can take shape.
“In regular circumstances, my brother is more than capable of defending himself. But that week had been restless, and he hadn’t had any time to feed, so he was not strong enough to fight. The vampire came out of nowhere and attacked them all with no explanation. He got hurt badly, but the two guards almost died.”
Sherlock watched, as the first effects of dizziness from the contaminated blood appeared. His limbs felt light and his head felt like flying. But he knew it was only a matter of time before his body cleaned the substances our and disposed of them. Meanwhile, he stood there, observinging in fascination and excitement as John took what he needed.
Mycroft’s timing was impeccable, that much was true.
They remained silent a bit longer, John’s body tense with the effort of remaining still, hands tightly clenched in fists.
When he awoke, Sherlock found himself in the ugly den of drug addicts in which he had gotten himself into a week ago. He was pale, puffy-eyed, and he could easily count his bones by only touching himself. A couple of junkies that gave no signs of breathing at his side were killed by an overdose and kept him company. He blinked, feeling his dry eyes, and could only think about the bound wolf. His soulmate was suffering, somewhere. He could feel it and he knew it.
Suddenly, the drugs that he had once consumed seemed to make him dirty. It seemed to him that, in spite of everything, it had been worth it. And he thanked every second that his brother Mycroft had dedicated in keeping him alive, and to Greg, that every time he had a suicidal thought he would stop his feet. Who was present in the last time that he had tried to end with his life, throwing himself on the tube lines with an explosive vest attached to his chest. And for once, he felt he was rewarded for the sleepless nights, the empty stomachs, and the robberies at midnight on the pure side. All of the alcohol that he had consumed. It wasn’t right, but it had been worth it, just for this moment.
Soft clothes, sober and warm, formed over his now human skin. His soul retreated inside his mortal shape. Calloused fingers found soft, short hair and the itch and resistance of a short beard. He felt the comfortable weight of a coat over him, protecting him from the cold outside, and shoes isolated his feet from the ground. A white shirt and black bracers with a red stripe caught at his trousers. Not the combat clothing he was used to, but then again, this wasn’t his standard battlefield either.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock nodded. Mike Stanford was one of the few "pure" that lived on the clean side that had a semi-regular contact with Mycroft. Mike did not support the new government and he was walking on thin ice by giving food to the dystopians working there, as well as offering blankets, clothing, or any medicine that they may need. Sherlock was sure that sometime they would catch Mike, but until then, it was the closest thing to a guardian angel that they had in a long time.
’ up through the surface, when the transport that Lestrade authorized arrived. It was no more than an ambulance. If you canted a car with gasoline, that was in good conditions of use, in the
Sherlock stood still, smelling nothing other than John and fresh blood, yet fearful that interruption might cause him disturbance. The silence was absolute.
Nightmares were terrible things though, he discovered.
He felt the cold of the cotton with medical alcohol cleaning the area of the puncture, and gritted his teeth before he felt the sharp sting in the ear from the needle that contained the locator chip, and a flash of pain that ran down his spine. He resisted the urge to kick Holmes to get rid of him.
“Thought so. Check for more unusual diets. Yesterday we felt a disturbance coming from the law lines. The guard is working on it, and I'm sending Anthea to keep an eye on our marked suspects.”
John’s voice was soft, almost a whisper. His arms were tight and firm around Sherlock. Whether to offer comfort, simply keep him close, or to ground him to the present while his mind was so far away, he wasn’t sure. The detective was quiet again now and John felt as if he had opened a memory box he should have left alone.
“My estimation would be that I was born in the late sixteenth century. Mycroft was born years before me so he’s clearly older than I am, but we are unsure exactly how much older. Back then, calendars had no particular relevance for peasants. I think I was somewhere between thirty and thirty-three when I was turned.”
“A blue chinese dragon. It’s called
“Oh god, I think I broke you. Hey. It’s fine. Whatever you are thinking about, just relax. There’s no need to panic.”
And he did. He walked with his feet intertwining from the pain and the lack of use. He continued until they walked into the wide room where the man with the back facing them continued talking with his phone.
He opened his wings and flew to the Creation, will as firm as his burning flame.
Clearing his throat, he felt his voice was thick from the lack of use.
“Yes.”
Greg abandoned the room, and asked the nurse, who was about to enter, surely alarmed by the readings of John’s vital signs, to leave a little privacy. That everything was in order. The nurse understood, and he sat down in one of the waiting chairs, watching the door to avoid anyone bothering them. God knew, if They were somewhere, that both of them deserved it. They deserved some peace in the middle of the war. From that chaotic horror that was the world, outside of the white walls of the hospital. Lestrade was not going to be the one to snatch them that. He wasn’t that selfish.
“Sherlock... you don’t have to...”
would be waiting? As in both John and Sherlock?
Sherlock saw reason abandon John’s face as he recognized the face of the man on the floor, and he couldn’t say he wasn’t pleased about it.
“Somehow, I doubt in the army they train you in how to suck blood.”
“And why is that?”
For John, it had always been the battlefield. The place in which he was closer to his core. A place in which he felt so alive and so adequate. Where he could protect humans, especially from themselves. It was not that he approved wars. He despised them. Humans killing other humans was wrong, not what it was meant to be. Still, there was good and kindness, and a protective instinct laying deep inside some of the soldiers. It was something worth protecting against the dark forces involved in feeding those wars.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
“Oh, God.”
“You say such sweet things. I might have to kiss you,” he teased, throat still tight.
“Two years and a half.”
“Goddammit.”
“I’m sure this must be some kind of test. What are the odds of you appearing every damn time I get a bit closer to what’s going on?” he growled, taking a seat at the counter. The man sitting next to him didn’t even flinch. He seemed very focused on  the bartender .
“For how long has he tried to escape?”
Well, well. That’s interesting.
It was a London where no one had an animal along with them. It was a London where the people were so alone and lost as if they were meteorites, wandering in the cold and vast space.
“C’mon, Sherlock. You, beautiful, brilliant creature. Come for me. I’ve got you. Come for me.”
Mycroft arrived at night when the street lamps began to light up. If he was surprised to see his malnourished brother sleeping on his sofa, he did not comment on it. He left the briefcase with the reports he had to write for the next morning on the kitchen table and began to prepare some dinner for Sherlock. Luckily, he had eaten something secretly before returning because God knew his brother needed it more than him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Coming back from the post coital heaven he was in, John began to answer Sherlock’s desperate thrusting, burying his hands in his hair, massaging the sensitive skin.
John’s fists opened and closed a couple of times, knuckles white. He blinked once, slowly, and then nodded once. Short and efficient.
John slowly opened his eyes to look at him. They were pools of light.
Sherlock had been fairly sure John knew what was doing, marking him with his smell on the back of his neck, on his wrists, on his hips. He had been able to smell other women’s pheromones all over John in the past. But now the only thing he was able to smell was his friend, pure and unadulterated, so utterly delectable his mouth watered. Later, he would discover John had no idea what he was doing to Sherlock. It had been pure instinct. Because John had been trying to seduce
His voice was velvet soft, his hands softly caressed the body in his arms. With his left, wrist still covered in drying blood that had dripped from the open wound, he swept back a lock of blonde hair from the fringe that had fallen over John’s eyes.
“Yes. Mummy’s older sister. My mother’s family is all French and when I was young we lived with Aunt Marie
After leaving the nuts in Bills hideout, making sure he was eating properly and he was far from where the raids could find him, Sherlock went to his brother’s house, to restore some strength. Mycroft always made sure to have some food hidden between the floorboards, just in case. He also knew that the door of his house was open to him as well.
The smell of wet ground and algae had gotten so intense, he couldn’t help wrinkling his nose. Were this the herbal soothers Mrs. Hudson was always talking about? He had always suspected it had been an euphemism for good old weed…
Abruptly, the sweet smell of blood filled his nose, spicy with adrenaline, and the hairs on his arms rose.
He emerged from the water quickly and, when he went back to get the clothes, they were gone. When he asked Holmes about the clothes, he said it was better that way.
“Romanticism?”
“Da?” There was no answer this time either, so she must have turned to Mycroft because John heard her move and hit something soft (probably Mycroft’s chest or arm), demanding attention.
I'm deeply sorry this took so long! Work and rl have been wild lately, and I got a bit absorbed into the Good Omens thing... seriously, good stuff. Go watch it (or read it).
“You mean this might be a rogue?”
He seemed cool and collected now, all the darkness and shimmering tears gone from his eyes. He squinted, looking at John through long lashes.
He felt a wave of relief wash over him when he finally felt a light suction on his wrist. His John. His brave, brave soldier.
Oh, yeah. In all those years he had not forgotten the face, much less the name. How could anyone forget one as pompous as him?
“Don’t call me that”, hissed John, gripping harder.
Sorry for the slowness
“That’s all that matters, isn't it?”
“Why would you want to go on a date with
. It’s okay…”
Sherlock tensed, his eyes studying the situation as fast as he could:
“Have to admit, the place has its charm,” John observed, taking a quick look at the dishes.
John was looking at the red covering his lips, and Sherlock raised his hand to catch the back of his neck, softly guiding the new vampire’s mouth to his own.
Trying his best not to panic, and failing miserably, John fighted to swim upwards. It was hard to move, and he had the feeling he wasn’t moving at all. All his body was going numb.
The voice of the woman came bothered and high pitched, as if he had hit her feet with something.
Uncomfortable with the question, nearly as much as Lestrade, he decided that changing the subject was more than a welcoming opportunity for both of them so he asked Greg how he had arrived to the hospital.
sample he had under the microscope. It was useless.
was from Orsay, as were we. Father was a Londoner. I didn’t lie. I only omitted certain details.”
“No prophecy, then?”
“You took him from the alley.”
“Is it someone special? Or are you only curious?”
It felt a bit like an orgasm, letting go this way. The swollen tissue behind his fangs was finally at rest, the ache in his teeth stopped, yet shivers ran down his body. He felt suddenly numb, before pulling back and lapping carefully at the teeth marks on John’s neck. His saliva sealing the bite slowly but efficiently, cleaning away any bacteria and helping the blood coagulate.
“Look, this is not a very smart move. Police are already on their way. You don’t want to add another murder to your sentence,” he said, keeping his voice calm. He didn’t move, but raised his arms halfway, showing his empty hands. “Let him go. Drop the knife.”
Knowing he was small and light, Sherlock planned to descend on top of the wolf and landed on its side, trying to get his attention. The wolf turned its head to look at him, licking its snout. Sherlock looked down and, in a small puddle, he saw his reflection for the first time. He was a raven, small and slim, with long feathers that were black and shimmering like the jet gemstone. He croaked, opening his wings and flapping them gently.
