I- Wait, this is a third person story, isn't it? Alright fine, HE slinked away from the building, back into the cover of the darkness provided by the trees. He was sure that he'd be detected as long as he was on the property, but luckily enough he was able to cut a wire. Funny how multimillion-dollar operating systems can fail with just one faulty wire. That's probably bad planning on Stark's part, but oh well, it makes Deadpool's job so much easier.
Tapping the button again, even he could hear the panic in his voice as he said, "Steve, Rumlow is on the move to Nat. I've got no response on her end. Go."
But it doesn't matter now, what's done is done... Steve can easily say that when Bruce came to talk to him today, the one thing he wasn't prepared to hear was 'Tony and I have been having an affair behind your backs'. He really didn't expect to hear 'Tony and Bucky have been alone together for a while and Friday just alerted me that Tony's in danger and I need your help' either.
Steve looked up to where Bucky was sitting, head hung in shame and he felt his heart break once again for his lover. Bucky looked so saddened and so ashamed of what his dream self had done that Steve wanted to cry. His first morning back home and this is how he was feeling.
As of this moment though, there was no real snow, and there were no Avengers to save him. It was just him, the four walls, and the vents that pumped in the ice cold air.
When Peter leaned back to look down at Wade, he looked downright sinful. His hip bones protruded out and Wade could see right up the slope of Peter's smooth skin. He could see the silvery lines crossing Peter's torso and he could see the silvery burns across his collarbone and hip.
Steve, despite Tony's whining protests, kept it going slow. He knew just how to make him fall apart, and by God was he already doing it.
Peter was fully aware of the fact that his face would give them away the quickest and he did his best to keep it hidden, not that he really looked all that much like himself right now anyways. His jeans were snug around his thighs and his hair was curled against his shoulders and his face was contoured well enough that unless you knew Peter Parker was under the makeup, you'd have no clue that he wasn't a woman.
Natasha walked along the group, popping bubble-gum as if everything wasn't falling to shit around them. "VX9103 has escaped, and so has CX4376... Hopefully, they'll finally kill each other and save the rest of us a lot of trouble."
"You let them touch me! Stab me! Prod me, push me, keep me in a box! You let Rumlow touch me like I was nothing more than some cheap hooker!
So he tucked Peter in, stuffed a hot pad under the blankets. The kid needed to sweat out whatever sickness was going on inside of him.
Just the thought of being like- No, focus. This is for Peter. Peter. Holy shit, what'd I do to Peter? I can't believe I- Wade can't believe he did that to Peter... It wasn't going to make anything better, and he's so sure that Peter won't want anything to do with him after the second half of the plan sets into motion...
Steve didn't look over his shoulder and continued on the punching bag. Where was this conversation going?
Bucky truly was so in love with this boy, not in the way that he was in love with Steve, but in the way that a mother loves their child. Seeing this happy, healthy, loving young boy in his home, in his care... It seemed to fill a void inside of him that he didn't even know he'd had before he met the boy. The first time Tony let Peter into his life was a blessing in disguise.
Natasha led Peter through the halls. Her gentle voice soothed Peter's hysterics, but only for a moment. "Where's Wade?"
Peter kept letting out little moans and whines against his lips and Wade swallowed them as if they were water and he was a man dying of thirst.
The room was silent for just a moment before Peter let out a sob. Tony's face fell, as did his anger. He never meant to make the kid cry.
Even though it didn't belong to him, Peter had taken to using it too. Some days it was the only coherent thought that he had.
It didn't take the merc long to arrive at the apartment, and when he was greeted by a less-than-friendly looking redhead, he assumed that she had been the woman on the phone and decided that she wasn't the kind of person he wanted to get into a fight with.
Bucky turned his attention to the old standing radio in the corner. It was one of their nicer things, that radio was. It cost Bucky almost three months' worth of working the extra shifts down at the docks. He still remembers the first time he and Steve laid their eyes on it as they walked down the street, casually window shopping for things they knew they would never afford. He remembers how Steve's eyes lit up upon seeing the polished wood frame and the built-in turntable in the top.
Rumlow watched as the boy grabbed a bar of soap from the edge of the tub. With his clumsy self and the shakes, it wasn't hard for the boy to drop the soap right into his lap. He reached right into the boy's lap but totally bypassed the soap, instead just settling for wrapping his hand around the boy's dick. This was the only attention it'd had in months, so it was no surprise when it became erect in his hand.
Peter kicked the woman back and she sprawled across the concrete. Peter webbed her down and then swung off once more.
Peter looked around the room, dark and unfamiliar. The little girl was there again, her dress covered in blood. She was still as a statue, unmoving, staring at Peter with her bright eyes. She looked familiar, and not just from his dreams.
"You already betrayed us, but I can't believe you'd kill me, Brock. I don't think you'd get the chance."
Nat's back arched and Bucky knew that this would be it for her, and it was almost it for him and Steve too. Steve grabbed Nat by the hair and pulled, and Bucky grabbed Steve by the throat. Both of their secret little turn-ons being used against them in the final moments of their actions in order to tip them over the line and off into the deep end. And it worked; in a moment all three of them were crying out to one another as they came together.
Steve shook his head again before speaking in what may be the softest tone he'd had in months. "Peter, who said that?"
Peter wrapped his arms around himself and squeezed his eyes shut. He knew that he was safe. He knew that he was out in the open with plenty of space, but he still felt trapped. The world felt too small. Like there wasn't any space for anything real. Like there wasn't any space for him at all.
"FRIDAY!" He whisper-yelled towards the ceiling. There was no response for several long moments, then came the low hum of power. Rather than being answered by Friday, the answer came from somewhere in the dark. A low growl that once before only existed in the deepest recesses of Peter's subconscious was now somewhere in the room with him, the sound echoing off of the walls to surround him, hoping to scare him into surrendering to his fate.
Once they geared up and got to where they were meant to go, they were shocked to find the building completely empty... They'd been so close... Bucky fell to his knees after they searched the building over for the third time. "He's really not here..."
Peter is over the moon at this gift and he can't even imagine what's in the others. Some of the items come as a surprise to him, as the other bags contain things like a stuffed giant panda, along with a note that mentioned that Wade donated 3k to the World Wide Fund for Nature, three or four of Wade's own t-shirts and a zip-up hoodie that looked suspiciously like Wade's own Deadpool suit, and a brand new professional camera.
"There is nowhere else to go." The head spoke again. It seemed like it was smirking at him, but he tried to avoid looking at it, instead, looking to the blonde. Realization washed over him like waves of the ocean.
Bucky took the tweezers in his metal hand and knelt down to have a better view of the wound. Peter sucked in a breath as the tweezers touched his skin.
He pulled a large knife from its holster on his hip and brought it down on the wrist strapped to the chair. Rumlow screamed but Bucky just clicked his tongue and swung twice more, to make sure it came all the way off.
Peter looked up at Bucky before looking back to the paper and with a quivering voice asked, "Is this...?"
Pulling up to the multi-story apartment building, the nerves in Peter were a little bit overwhelming. He asked for the third time if they were positive that Wade was going to meet them here, and for the third time, Nat patiently agreed, saying that he should arrive shortly.
Peter puts his sandwich down, suddenly more interested in the man in front of him than his meal. "What was your life like? Before you were like this? Do you remember?"
Bucky stood on the top of an overpass and looked down. He could see the target beneath him, and for some reason standing here felt familiar but he wasn't quite sure why. He didn't particularly want to make a scene about this, but Bucky was partially considering waking the Soldier up himself just to make sure he went through with the job.
Peter's broken voice called "Dad," and Bucky struggled against his restraint. He could get out of here, if only he had his other arm...
He was determined to finally get Peter out of here. He should have done it months ago. He should have come right back to Peter after their last failed attempt at escape. He should never have let this happen in the first place, God, how could he be so stupid?
Eddie nods and tucks the boy's hair behind his ear before pausing, shaking his head, and getting up. Peter pays no mind before asking where Wade is. Eddie says he's gone out to get some food and Peter just nods again, yawning quietly.
"Yeah, something like that. Superhuman healing abilities. Shoot him, heals right up. Rip a limb off? Grows right back."
Wade shushed him with another kiss. He waited for Peter to kiss him back before he let his scarred hands wander Peter's thighs. "It's okay Peter, we're doing this at your pace. You're the lead here."
'Stark doesn't care about the kid. He only cares about what the kid can do.' He thinks. 'Stark is looking at this kid like a science experiment.'
Peter jolted awake, eyes wide and full of fear. His hands shook against the tiled floor he laid upon. Looming over him were all the adults in charge of him, Steve, Bucky, Nat, Bruce, Tony... Even Steven was there, looking puzzled as he checked Peter's eyes with a small light. Somewhere in his brain, he knew Steven was looking to see his pupils dilate or to see if he had a concussion from the fall onto the floor. He really did come as soon as he heard.
Peter'd set up lights and music in one of the first-floor apartments, so nobody's belongings would get messed up on the upper levels. What had started out with as little as 10 people has easily turned into 60, all packed into this small room, singing and grinding and drinking.
Letting go of Wade, Peter took a step back. "What'd they do?" Upon getting no response, he spoke again, this time louder and more urgently. "What'd they do to me, Wade?!"
Somewhere in his mind, he was back in the snow at the bottom of a cliff after the fall he thought would be his last. Somewhere in his mind, he was panicking at the thought of being trapped again... They both were. Despite being two totally different people trapped in one mind and body, they both had one common enemy, and that was Hydra. They wouldn't let themselves be captured again.
What really mattered was that Tony sat with Peter, rocking him and coaxing him to take slow breaths, going so far as to breathe along with him until Peter got the hang of doing it for himself. Tony played with his hair, and at this moment Peter felt more like family to Tony Stark than he ever had before. Peter finally calmed down enough to breathe, and ended up falling asleep.
And now, it stands proudly once more, looking as good as new. And it basically was. Bucky's been having Stark repair it every day while Steve's been at work, and now that it's Christmas, he can unveil it to Steve as a working part of their past.
The moment he spotted the "doctor" he felt the anger and power surge through his veins all at once. He knew his chance was coming in just a few short minutes and he was ready. He was ready to put an end to the man who brought him all of this suffering. He was going to get payback for his suffering. He'd avenge Aunt May.
Rumlow told him to go ahead and start the water, and the boy managed to do so with his hands still bound with the belt. Just as he was wondering how he'd get his gown off, the door behind him opened and closed and when he turned he was face-to-face with Crossbones... Well, face to chest anyways. He was told to turn around and he did.
The doors at the end of the hall slid open to reveal Bucky and Nat, fully suited up and packing heat. They each had guns resting in their holsters, but he wondered what the big threat could be. He took in their defensive stances and his heart dropped into his stomach. Was he the threat?
He looked down to his arm and she saw the scratch and determined that it was what was bothering him so much, so she grabbed his wrist and covered the scratch with her thumb while caressing his cheek with the other. "You're safe Peter. You know I won't let anything happen to you."
Bucky hung up the phone when he reached the bottom level, boots kicking up dust as he marched to his bike. He swung a leg over it and slammed the kick-starter. He spun out of the driveway, kicking up all kinds of rocks and dirt into the air as he did so.
Wade approached the glass with a small smile. "Actually, I think you should keep it. It's a piece of shit, but it's a better piece of shit than Stark will ever give you."
Instead of blowing up at Peter, like everyone thought he might, Tony turned on his heel to face Steve. "You got him shot!"
And goddamn, if Peter doesn't make Wade's dick jump just by asking. Wade asks if he knows how and Peter just laughs. "I said I'd never had sex before, but I never said I'd never given a blow-job."
Peter didn't realize that his spidey-senses weren't tingling because of the wound, but because Bucky was standing slack-jawed behind him.
Bucky nodded a little, silently agreeing before pointing to the empty space at his side. "What happened to it?"
Peter nodded and took a breath. It didn't take him long to calm down enough for Wade to finish pushing in, and when he bottomed out they both moaned. Watching Peter's face was like a goddamn blessing that Wade didn't feel like he deserved.
Strange chuckled very softly, "Yes, Peter, preferably I'll be tending to all of your wounds. Your body isn't healing you very quickly, and that's what I'm here to help with."
"I'm not mad at you, Peter. I'm afraid, okay? I'm afraid for you, but I'm not mad. I'm gonna take care of you now, okay? I promise."
him, tortured him too, and probably did the same to loads of fucking people. Thirdly, this asshole had already been taken in the legal way, and nothing fucking happened because he
The room was cold, no, not cold, it was freezing. And Spiders don't do well in the cold. This one would do worse, as he didn't have anything to protect himself from the bite of the chill... Another one of his fears, as irrational as it may seem. Freezing to death was pretty high up on Peter's list of things to be afraid of. The fear had increased significantly when the team got temporarily trapped in a blizzard in Niseko and Peter got lost in 12 feet of snow.
Wade pulled the shirt out of the pile and stuck it by Peter's laundry basket before kicking the rest of the clothes away. He helped Peter to stand outside of the tub while Wade ran the water to a good heat before helping Peter back into it. He told him to sit and relax for a minute and Peter obliged, letting his muscles relax a little in the hot tub. Wade gathered the ruined clothes and dropped them into the trash before starting a load of Peter's laundry for him. He threw a couple of big towels and pajamas into the dryer to let them run for a while and get warm.
Peter followed the group, even when the others broke away to go recoup. He followed Steve and Bucky and Nat and Tony down the long halls and into the elevator. In front of this man, they wouldn't show Peter any kind of affection, lest he try and use it against them.
In his already angered state, standing here with Stark only made it worse. He was more than furious, he was pissed because Tony Stark betrayed not just him, but Steve and Natalia as well. He tried to calm down because as angry as he was, he'd once begun to love Tony, but that just made him angrier. Knowing that the man in front of him, the man he'd started to really love, threw the three of them away for Bruce... It was heartbreaking and sickening all at once and he really could have just strangled Stark to death where he stood.
Peter, noticing Wade's little fascination on his skin, decided to be a little shit and pull his shirt up in as sexily of a manner that he could. It must have spurred Wade on, because in the next second, Wade was gripping at his thighs and digging his thumbs into the skin.
Rumlow chuckled and leaned his head back. "You've tried. You've stabbed me, shot me... Your boyfriend dropped a building on me... And I'm still not dead yet. I don't think you want to kill me, I think you wanna be with me."
He whipped around but saw nothing in the darkness. He needed to get to his room for his suit, and quickly... He'd be able to see better, and maybe it'd give him some clarity.
"Wait, so you're both gonna put this blind faith in someone you just met, after someone you've both known for years literally just tried to fucking
"I'm gonna clean you up, Petey, you're gonna be alright. It's gonna be okay. You're gonna be all cleaned up and fed and nice and toasty in your bed before sun-up, okay?"
so sorry I didn't get this out to you yesterday! I'm gonna try and get it out super early today! // what are your timezones & what time is it for you?
When Steve finally caught onto Bucky's trail, he'd already been gone for several hours. When he made it onto the lot, he could clearly see that the door was not where it was meant to be, instead, laying right outside of the doorway. Carefully blocking his chest with his shield, he made his way inside.
He could no longer remember the place that he called home or the people that lived in it. He couldn't remember the place he used to attend school, or where he used to eat. Those places were all just broken buildings in his mind, nameless, featureless walls. Every person he tried to remember were just bodies devoid of faces, stripped of their names. They were nothing more to him now than feelings he used to know.
"Я убью всех, кто положил руки моему сыну." Peter heard Bucky growl. He didn't know what it meant, but it sounded dangerous. Peter quickly learned that Bucky reverted to Russian when he was angry, but just as easily switched between languages when he was pissed. Like, really pissed off, Bucky will switch between three or four languages in the same sentence. Somehow it comes out making perfect sense to Natasha.
The sound of the city seemed muffled there in the dark where he stood, dust floating around his head. Wade was there waiting for him in the darkness, a loose jacket around his shoulders to match the loose jeans around his waist. He had a smirk on his lips like he knew what was coming, but he looked a little shook when Peter lunged at him and smashed their lips together. Their tongues fought for dominance in frenzied desperation, each of them panting, trying to breathe in the taste of the other's air.
But none of that was real. There was no glory in being a scapegoat for the whole world. The only reward you get for saving people is to have the number of casualties thrown back in your face; the higher the death toll, the harder it hit. Even if there were no casualties, they'd still pin the damage on you. The buildings knocked down by the bad guys were your fault, every death on their hands was on yours...
Peter nodded and looked back to the photo. Bucky waited a moment before speaking again. "Should I call Wade?"
Tony shook his head as best as he could while sucking on Bucky's thumb. Bucky took a moment to pull his hand away, leaving Stark in the middle of the floor with no contact once again.
"My mom had cancer, she died when I was young, and my dad... Wasn't the greatest, so I was left to care for myself at an early age." Wade stirred what looked like vegetables and meat in one skillet, and noodles in the other pot. "He was always gone, and he was... Abusive, when he was home. I had to cook for him when he was home and awake to eat."
"I know you've been with Banner behind our backs... You can consider this your first 'n' final warnin' Tony. You get two choices... You can apologize, and break it off with Banner... Or you can be only with Banner."
Steve knows he wasn't the perfect child for an only parent to raise, but he hopes that he learned a lot from her on how to raise children...
All of Wade's deductions were being made based on when he saw them all for the first time, not just while allowing himself to be captured, but once they returned to base. He saw how easily the adults glided past Peter. Wade understood. They thought he'd use Peter as leverage against them. Find a way to endanger him and they'd have to back down to keep him safe.
It fuckin' worked, though, because the more Wade pleased him, the more Peter pleased back until they were both cumming and laying back to catch their breaths, the only part of them touching was their intertwined hands.
Peter hesitated, saying he remembered a woman named after a month, June or something. He says he thinks that's her name, but it feels wrong on his tongue. Wade gently offers May as a substitute and suddenly it's like a bright flashing neon sign in Peter's head that
"Uh, h-hey, Aunt May. How are... How are things?" He slammed his fist against his forehead, cursing himself for sounding so stupid. This is Aunt May, she's supposed to be easy to talk to.
Steve turned and walked back inside without another word and Peter and Wade stood staring at one another in disbelief. Peter put the phone back up to his ear and heard Wade say that he needed to go and pick up the gifts he bought and that he'd be back over soon. Peter laughed and asked him to wear something festive, but also something appropriate.
For once, he'd been right and he knew it based solely on the look of what could've been resign on Bucky's face.  He didn't have any goddamn right to do anything less than the other men laying down their lives for the good of their families, their country.
"Oh God, Wade, yes, please yes, shit." Peter tilted his head back as Wade pulled his hair. Peter kept letting himself be pulled back until he was in an upright position and pressed against Wade's chest, calloused skin radiating heat and dripping with sweat.
The gun is still raised, and Peter, having been at the end of far too many loaded guns, was stood with his hands up like he could be the next one shot. He got one look at the man in front of him, a glimpse of his metal arm and lowered his hands.
"Please what, Petey? Huh?" Wade teased. He knew what Peter wanted before he even asked. He easily picked up on the way that Peter pushed his hips back in a silent plea for more. "Please fuck you harder?"
He told the pair that he had plans to watch a movie and then head to bed once they dropped him off, and they decided they might just do that when they get home as well. Pepper says she's really glad that she got to meet him properly finally, and he agrees and says they should hang out again sometime. She says they'll make it a point to get together sometime soon and he walks upstairs to his floor.
Steve was a bit of a violent person when it came right down to it. He was never afraid to get into a fight, no matter what it might cost him. Even when he was smaller than Peter is now, he'd fight anyone with an attitude. Bucky always said he could be a dad with an attitude like that, and Steve always agreed. He'd always hoped that one day he and Bucky would be parents together.
Peter doesn't know if he wants to pull the trigger. He doesn't know if he can. //Meet our resident bad guy.
The fact that she didn't do so much as call for Christmas was the last straw for Peter. He understood that she might be busy sometimes, with work and whatever she does in her free time, but he doesn't see how it's any kind of fair for her to cut him out the way that she did. She raised him almost his whole life and now she treats him like he doesn't exist anymore, and he demands to know why.
Steve felt a tug on his heartstrings, as there stood his old apartment building, out of time. The old brick building stood tall, seemingly the only building left untouched on the whole block. He saw the way it stood, tall, almost proud if a building could even be that. he saw the old stairs and remembered how they groaned when walked on. He remembered the cold winters he spent there, in the poorly insulated rooms, shaking from the cold and hoping it wouldn't kill him.
And he didn't just murder them. He beat Howard Stark's face in with his metal fist and choked the innocent Maria to death. And the worst part is that he knew who they were. He recognized their faces while the Soldier was walking up to their car.
He rose from the bed like the never-laid-to-rest worries of the rest of the world around them and followed Nat to the kitchen. Recently, a screen had been installed in the living room that displayed nothing but the stats coming from Peter's watch in real time. It helped a lot, seeing it just during the day. Even if Peter was in the same room with them, at least they would know if Peter needed them but couldn't say.
"Alright boys, let's get this show on the road, we've got a lot of stuff here." Nat smiled as she sat on the floor by the bedroom door. Steve agreed and sat by the pile of boxes, the self-designated Santa Claus for the evening.
Rumlow seemed uninterested and told Peter to get into the water. Peter made the mistake of asking if he would be unbound so he could bathe and Rumlow backhanded him like he was the stupidest motherfucker on Earth. He apologized for asking before getting into the hot bath water, hands still together in front of him.
As of right now though, she didn't exist yet, and by the looks of things, she wouldn't for a while. He sat on the closed lid of the toilet and made a call directly to the man who made him the serum that he gave to Peter.
He wanted to see Aunt May. He wanted to know why she was avoiding him so strongly. He deserved to know why she suddenly didn't seem to want him anymore, and he was going to get answers, dammit. He was done letting her push him away. He was done being tossed aside with no explanation. He was gonna go in there and demand the answers that he deserved.
He rounded another corner but stopped short. Just across the open space in front of him was Bucky over the body of an agent. He was holding a large knife and every few seconds, he would raise it and plunge it deep into the agent's chest... The only problem was, that agent looked way past dead.
"Don't suppose you'd try and keep me out," he said, and all Peter did was let out a short breath of air through his nose. Of course, he couldn't keep him out, he was inside his head after all. This hallucination was the only person that treated him like a person, and he wasn't even a person at all. But he remembered things that Peter didn't. The man was a part of his subconscious, the only thing protecting his memories. When they spoke, he'd only tell Peter little bits at a time, and then he'd go quiet.
Steve mentions that Peter used to like what had been made, and would ask Bucky to make it for him a lot. Bucky, of course, would always come through and make stew for the boy, who would usually put it in a thermos to take to school for lunch. It always made Bucky happy to know that Peter enjoyed his meals.
His Spidey senses were going haywire. He knew that it was a bad idea to be out here in the forest in the middle of a panic attack, but he didn't want to be inside either. He didn't want to feel the walls closing in on him. He didn't want to feel so big in a place so small.
Pictures were hanging crookedly on the walls, and the first thing Steve could bring himself to do was straighten them out. His mother would be appalled at the display of crooked photos, and he had to honor her somehow. Steve remembered exactly how he'd left the apartment when he'd been here last, so it was easy to pick out what Bucky had moved when he'd been here so long ago.
. Peter's pained cries got to be loud enough that Rumlow grabbed the closest thing he could use to shut the boy up. A pillow. He kept it over Peter's face while he sobbed. Peter knew there would be no point in calling for help- nobody would come. Nobody cared.
They come upon a dock and Wade talks to a man for a few minutes before ushering Peter onto a small boat. Peter can't help but smile as he sits down and watches the seagulls fly overhead.
He looked towards his window. He wondered what he might need to make this place seem more like home. The walls and windows were bare, and the bed had a nice looking blue duvet on it. The furniture was all the same dark wood and there was a comfy looking rocking chair in the corner.
Wade crawled back onto the bed with the lube and settled himself between Peter's legs. Peter rested his hands on Wade's shoulders and all Wade did was stroke Peter's thigh to soothe him as he lubed himself up with the other hand.
He pressed his lips to Bucky's neck and the brunette came between them. Steve's own release came simultaneously, and the two men lay tangled together, a mess of hair and muscle while catching their breaths. And their hearts were entwined the same way their limbs were, and they were in love just like they always had been.
He flinches when Tony's tools send a sting up his arm and Tony quickly apologizes. Vision floats down through the ceiling, and nobody even blinks at his intrusion.
He called out, but his voice was weak. In some miracle, he heard footsteps approaching him and he saw Bucky, looking a bit more tired than when they last saw one another. Peter asked where the hell they were, and Bucky answered with exactly what Peter didn't want to hear.
Ned served as the distraction to the guy, talking up a storm as only Ned knew how to do, and MJ half carried Peter outside away from the crowd. While he was drunk and blabbering on about God only knows what, she fished his phone out of his pocket and pressed the phone icon next to that Wade guy's name in Peter's contacts.
She took a shaking breath. Wade seemed to know everything there was to know, so she saw no reason to try and lie to him. "In the Red Room, where I was trained they have this... Ceremony when you pass. It's not sterilization, it's a serum. It did to me what the other serums did to Steve and James. Mine just worked differently on me... Made it impossible to me for have kids... I can um... I can get pregnant, just not carry to term with them. My body won't let me... I keep those to prepare myself for the hurt. To prepare Steve and James too."
Tony gripped onto Steve's shoulders while he straddled him and Steve gripped the younger man's thighs. They held eye contact as Tony lowered his hips and allowed Steve to fill him. The stretch was painful, but he missed it. His jaw dropped as he took Steve in to the hilt and all Steve could do was gasp and how fucking
Bucky didn't hesitate to say yes, and no sooner than he did was a small flip phone tossed his way. A burner. He knew he was meant to call them, and he didn't hesitate to begin dialing Steve's number.
The door opened and in stepped a tired looking blonde, munching on a sandwich. "Sleeping Beauty's finally awake, huh? Good. I'm here to tell you what your problem is. Your Banner guy? Not the top tier. If you arrest him, I don't think you'll ever catch the real big bad."
Peter thought it was a great idea to start a garden, and Bucky promised that they'd get started on that as soon as Peter ate dinner tonight and Peter smiled before allowing himself to be wheeled upstairs. He knew that everyone was being so nice to him because he didn't remember a whole lot about them or the places he'd been with them. Nervously, he asks Nat if he has windows that open in his bedroom and she said yes, without asking why.
Rumlow yelled in pain and Peter heard the gun go off again. Peter whimpered at the pain before pulling the knife back again and then with high force, stabbed the knife directly into Rumlow's dick.
Peter stepped off of the train and onto the platform. He still had a little ways to go before he made the rendezvous point, but he was close. Just another five minutes of walking time was all it would take before he was face to face with the asshole that kidnapped his aunt.
Peter's breathing picked up just a little as he felt Wade's lips wrapping around him. He reached down and put his hand on the back of Wade's head and just sort of imagined running his fingers through the hair that he used to have. Wade looked up at the boy as he took him down effortlessly. It was like blowjobs were second nature to Wade, and they probably were.
Wade managed to take care of three or four more agents without a problem... And then the alarms went off. The loud noise and bright lights sent Peter into a panic and Wade told him to cover his ears.
One of the nurses had to help Peter out of his sweater because he physically couldn't move his arm to get it off. How did he get anything done when he was by himself? Did he force himself through the pain to get dressed and undressed every day? And how difficult did this injury make the simplest tasks for Peter?
He desperately tried to make it stop, but with the Soldier in charge, there was nothing he could do and he knew it. All he could do was watch and scream and cry from inside his own mind.
"Bucky, I don't want to have to try and sedate you again, so you need to calm down. You need to breathe."
Tony made time for him after that. Time to fight with him and argue that he couldn't just give up on the boy just because they hadn't found him yet. He knew the boy would be found eventually, no matter what Bruce thought.
"Not really important, Spider-Babe. You should try and get some rest. You look like shit. Everything is going to be okay."
Natalia touched his leg and snapped him back to attention. She smiled before sliding a large box in front of him. "Be careful with this one, James. It requires a lot of care."
Peter was panting, eyes quickly shifting around the room. He could feel the tears on his face, and he could feel Bucky's gaze on him, but he didn't care this time. He was afraid, anyone could see. Peter was just a kid, who'd been through something traumatic.
Bucky touches his knee and Peter instinctively takes a breath, allowing Bucky his chance to talk just as Wanda reappears in the door with Steve and Nat behind her.
"Steve, listen to me... I remembered waking up in the snow... Briefly, and there was blood, and it was mine and it hurt so bad... But... I was being dragged, and despite that and all the blood and all the people, all I could think of was... I wondered what happened to you. The train was already long gone, and I kept looking around... I wondered if maybe you fell too and..."
Inside was a beautiful silver bracelet, adorned with a spider made of onyx and diamonds. She stared at it in awe before her eyes fell onto a smaller spider next to the big one and she laughed softly before pulling Peter into a tight hug. "Thank you, little one."
Bucky shakes his head, "Not exactly where we live, but if you want, we can pick some flowers and plant their seeds in our yard when we get back, so we can have these flowers there, how about that?"
Wade took the plate back into the kitchen and when he returned, he helped Peter into his warm clothes, and then carried him to his bed, quickly tucking him under the covers so the clothes would heat the blankets a little bit and he wouldn't freeze to death.
Bucky held Peter tighter, but only for a moment. He felt the boy wince against his chest and let him go. "What's happened to you?" Bucky asked.
Steve wasn't sure why Bucky was so worked up about it, but it didn't matter. He had to think quickly, Tony only had a few more seconds at most and as much as he'd like to see him choked, he wasn't about to let Bucky go down for killing Tony Stark.
"What does it do? What'd it do to me? Why am I sick?" Peter's hands were starting to shake as his watch began to vibrate.
Wade pauses like he's never really thought about it or put too much effort into thinking of himself as anything more than what others thought of him. He slowly lifts one shoulder in a half shrug. "My whole life has pretty much been just that. Some sick joke."
"I oughta lock you up just like that assassin back there, because that's what you could have been today Peter! That's what you-"
With some tweaking, Peter was able to save passcodes and mission reports onto his chip. As he was about to close the window and remove the chip, he came across a folder he nearly missed.
Peter takes a step backward once Tony's only a couple of feet away, but Tony follows him step for step. Peter doesn't try to speak, he's sure his voice wouldn't work now anyway. Steve's expression is softening, he can see Peter's panic. Steve reaches an arm out towards Tony, but he isn't listening. He hasn't even stopped talking yet.
With no immediate response, he hopped over the railing and landed right on top of the hood of a car that had been passing below at the time and rolled down onto the asphalt beneath and took off at a dead sprint towards the alleyway.
Steve looked... Sad? Upset? He was wearing his Press Conference Face™ and it made Peter worry. Next to Steve, however, was a very pissed off looking Tony Stark.
Steve combed his fingers through Bucky's hair and listened to the tell-tale signs of his impending release. The delicate whimpers and the clenching of his eyes clued Steve in to just how close Bucky really was.
He could hear Ned and MJ both talking to him, but he wasn't sure where from. Where were they? Was he with them? He didn't know, he wasn't that well tuned in to the world around him right now and it worried him because the less time he spent focused on his lessons, the more time he was spending on thinking about the fact that he and Wade could've had a child together.
Peter knew that Bucky was watching for the man, which was good because Bucky had a better eagle eye than he did, and he also had a longer attention span than Wade did. Wade at the moment, was being quiet for once, or at least Peter thinks he is... Maybe his hearing-aid isn't turned up all of the way?
"Peter last had a full rest after being drugged and returned by the mercenary known as Deadpool." Steven quickly looked up to Bruce.
Peter absolutely noticed and in his drunken amusement he started flirting back. The flirting ranged from touching the guy's arm to running his fingers through his hair while the guy stood between his legs. The flirting peaked when Peter went from laughing to sloppily making out with the unnamed guy.
Their names plagued his tongue like the copper taste of blood and drove him mad with the longing of who they used to be. He believed them both to be gone, and in a way they were. He remembers the day that the woman in the photo passed away. Her life was burdened with wars she knew that she couldn't win and a life that she could never have beaten, and she was taken not by men but by sickness uncured.
And Tony almost laughed before he realized that it would be a bad idea. He knew that Bucky would find out one way or another, but he promised the boy that he wouldn't tell Bucky, and so he would leave it to one of the others to pass the news along to him. He was barely winning Peter back, and he wasn't about to ruin that by being a tattle-tale. Especially not to the likes of Bucky Barnes.
Peter looked down and messed with a fray on his blanket. He felt sad, lonely. He felt a tug on his heart as he longed to be with Wade. He longed to be held close, to feel safe and loved. Sure he felt those things inside with his family, but it was different with Wade.
He wondered where everyone else had gone. Surely he was just standing with them... Wasn't he? Where was he really? Was this real? And more importantly, what the hell just touched his shoulder?
An Agent in a lab coat came into the room once everyone else had left. Peter begged and pleaded with him for the millionth time, but today instead of silence, he was met with a sharp pain to the thigh, and then the other thigh.
Wade rubbed circles onto the back of Peter's hand while they sucked each other off, a strangely wholesome moment for such a sinful act. Peter eventually released Wade's hand in favor of moving it into his hair.
"You lie because you want the life everyone else gets, but you know you can't have it because of who you are. Because you're dangerous. And you can't make the other dangers in the world go away and one day something or someone is gonna take away that life that you've made... And you'll blame yourself when they get kidnapped, shot, raped, or murdered because you know you could have saved them if you'd done the right thing... If you'd thought once about them and not finally getting what you want. You want husbands and a son, and right now you've got it. But they were each other's husbands first. It was them, not you, and Peter? He may call you Mom but that's as close as you'll get to a son. They made sure of that, didn't they?" Tears were springing into her eyes now, and he was loving every second of it.
He was never theirs. He was once someone's son, someone's brother, someone's lover. They stole him away, and it was no accident. Zola wanted him the moment he was on their base. All of the others disappointed him, they failed the experimentation. This one was the only successful subject at the time, and here he was, 77 years after his first encounter with Hydra, and he was ready to kill, just like he'd been trained.
Bucky wants the truth, and he doesn't care what it'll take to get it. Peter thinks of a way to take matters into his own hands.
Sam pulls his goggles off of his head. "It'd be easier to tell you who wasn't hurt. This guy was packin' a whole truckload of weapons. He wasn't slowing down either."
"No, Tony, you turned into a man that yells at already broken children. He had a lapse in judgment, and it happens to everyone. The Stark's aren't exactly infallible now, are they?"
A smile blossomed on his face and he paused his game without hesitation to reply. Wade's text back was instant, and he was wondering if Peter would wanna come over for a milkshake if he could get away that is. Peter felt determined to be allowed out. It was now that he missed Aunt May's apartment more than ever. It was actually inside of the city, not hours away from everything and everyone he knew. He missed Delmar's, and Ned, and he was kinda starting to miss the loud bustling of the city around him.
He steals a can opener and a couple of bottles of water and slips them into his bag alongside his suit. He lets his eyes glance once more around the room before meeting back up with Wade out in the hallway. Wade's changed into jeans and a slightly oversized hoodie. Somehow Peter knows he has at least two knives and three guns hidden on his person, not including whatever's in the bag. Wade pulls his cap on to hide his face and gives Peter a nod.
Bucky let out a whimpering sob that confirmed the answer to Steve's question. Natalia looked a little confused as she looked up at Steve, but he wasn't about to tell her. It wasn't his place and lovers or not it would be a serious break of trust and privacy to Bucky.
As a joke, Wade said over the bed, and Peter let him hang it there. Wade laid down and beckoned Peter closer. Peter did him one better and crawled onto his lap to finally kiss him properly, hands cupping Wade's cheeks.
The call was answered on the third ring, and on the other end was a cheerful sounding voice, "Hiya, Petey baby. What's up?"
He remembered Bucky, and his apartment being just a few steps away. He remembered when Bucky moved into his already small apartment. He remembered how they'd shared his bed and he used Bucky's body heat to live through the winters. To see that the building was intact after all of these years was incredible.
And yeah, Wade knew that it was a bad idea, but with the little spider practically begging, there wasn't much he could do in terms of saying no. Except that he could. But did he? No. Because this is Wade we're talking about and that's just how he is.
Bucky and Steve are watching with fond eyes and hearts as she treats him gently and patiently. He was still a person, and she was treating him like one. She was being calm and answering his questions to the best of her ability. When he asks where he got the mp3 player from, a voice from the door provides that he provided it.
Peter emerges into the front room just minutes after Wade decided to leave him alone for the chance to collect himself. He refused to tell Wade about his nightmare for the time being. He took a breath and was hit by the smell of garlic.
He approached her, his gun held like a club in his fist. She kicked at him but he grabbed her ankle and twisted it roughly until a sickening snap sounded between them and she groaned out in pain. She got her opposite arm free finally and swung on him, but he just grabbed and yanked it too, until she felt a disgusting pop in her shoulder and another gross snap at the elbow, and this time she screamed.
There was a knock on the door at 7:15 exactly and when Nat opened the door she saw Peter there, wrapped up in his blanket and smiling widely. Behind him, Bruce and Tony were holding bags with other presents. Nat greeted all three of them with kisses on the cheeks as they made their way inside one at a time.
Steve was staring intently at a wall, listening to all of the shit going on around him as he tried to figure out where Rumlow had taken Nat in the first place. Bucky was standing off to the side talking to some other officers. Bucky was the man to do all of the talking lately. It used to be that Steve was the only one allowed to talk to the media, as per Pepper's permission, being the CEO of Stark Industries and all. Everything the Avengers said reflected on Tony, who was meant to be the leader, and that reflected on Stark Industries.
He just wanted his baby safe, no matter what it took. No matter if he wasn't his baby just yet. He would be, Wade knew it. He had to. It was the only way that this could work. The only way!
MJ shook her head and crossed her arms. "We're not leaving Peter. Not until he's better... I know he's safe with you, but he's my friend."
"He betrayed you!" Bucky all but cries over his shoulder at Steve. Tears had made their way to his face. He didn't want to be a killer anymore, but Tony betrayed two of the only people he cared about in this world, and he had to pay for it. He had to. "He's never been my favorite... To me, he's just a scientific piece of scum, but the two of ya cared for him, so I did my best, but he's betrayed ya both now, and it's my job to protect you! What the hell m'I good for if I can't protect you?"
Each new strike was like a pebble into water, a ripple that crossed his whole body. Yet he refused to fight back. Sam Wilson, AKA The Falcon, and Wanda Maximoff, AKA Scarlet Witch, had never done anything to Wade before. Even now they were just doing their jobs.
Peter decided that he was going to make himself go back to school the day after his... pregnancy scare? The whole ordeal is still taking some time to wrap his head around. He still doesn't quite get it, but Wade seems to know, and Nat seemed to believe him.
He could just put it on the back burner for a while like he'd managed to do today. Being surrounded by the people that love him makes it a little bit easier to cope. To know that these people knew what he'd done and still loved him for everything he was and all that he was worth meant more to him than he thinks anyone could imagine. It made him feel... Human, knowing that these people saw him for more than what he was and what he could do.
They never stayed anywhere longer than they needed to. Aside from hunting down Hydra, Nat's time was spent maintaining her weapons and occasionally phoning the boys back home, maybe once a week or so. She didn't want to see them now, as she'd only be reminded of what they were missing. She saw a lot of James in the boy physically, but in spirit, he was all Steve.
"Okay, Petey. I know we just talked about this, and I know you probably wanted to do a lot of this for yourself, but I just couldn't stop myself from trying to spoil you. Nothing's too good for you, and I want you to know that. The receipt is with me, so if there's something in here you don't like, I can always take it back and let you pick out something else, okay?"
And Bucky didn't want to refuse, it sounded amazing. Steve and Natalia took some time to deliberate the idea for a while before deciding that if Bucky wanted to do it, then it would be done, and he didn't hesitate to accept.
When Peter woke again at around one, the cabin was silent. He pulled his sweatpants back on and was in the middle of pulling his shirt on as he walked out of the bedroom. Wade was nowhere to be seen.
A shiver ran down Peter's spine. It was the visible kind of shiver that made everyone else wonder what the hell was wrong. In this case, everything seemed wrong.
With another flash, the room looked back to normal. May looked alive and breathing and not dissected in the slightest... And then he heard her sing-song voice coming from somewhere other than the body in front of him.
Okoye's head was held high as they walked into the palace and despite that, she wasn't looking down on Peter or being condescending of his sadness. She seemed to understand very well. They passed the King in the halls and Peter bowed his head, partly of respect, and partly to hide his sleep-deprived and tear-stained face.
For a half a second Wade was worried that the name-calling was a little too far for Peter until he felt Peter twitch around him. "Oh god yes, love it so much."
He turned and retched once more as Friday connected him to Bucky, who took a moment to pick up. "Hello? Peter are you okay?"
This was the way to restore some of that self-confidence that Bucky struggled with so often. Knowing that even after all they'd been through and all The Winter Soldier had done, Steve still wanted him and loved him and found him attractive was enough sometimes.
He noticed Peter got really jumpy when someone managed to sneak up behind him. He'd had his headphones up at full blast and didn't hear the door open behind him once and he'd been scared so bad that not only did he jump, but he cried and shook for over an hour. Wanda felt so bad... So Tony made it a point to have a dim light bar installed around Peter's room. It wasn't anything special, just a simple light that wrapped around the trim near the ceiling.
Bucky was the first one to notice. He seemed to have a sixth sense about this kind of thing. He'd been walking through the halls one night and happened to pass by Peter's room. He didn't know why but he was drawn to the door. He only cracked the door a little, but it was all he needed to see Peter thrashing around in his bed, blankets tangled around his limbs. At first, he wasn't going to say anything about it at all, but once he heard the boy's broken call for help, he didn't hesitate to walk into the room and sit on the bed.
He took a sip of the water and looked down at her, into her gentle eyes. He shrugged a little and she just sighed.
Wade got them this far, now it was Peter's turn to get them even farther. Peter lunged forward and the sound of gunfire filled his ears. He felt a surge of pain as he lunged forward. The only open place to stab the knife in was in the leg, which was convenient because his own gave out halfway to Rumlow.
He'd murdered a man they both once knew. And his wife. And left their child, the man they both once felt for, orphaned.
He remembers Howard Stark's floating car and the amazement on Bucky's face... But he also remembers not being excited or able to focus, as he knew it was Bucky's final night in Brooklyn.
Eight days after Peter's rescue and he's spent the last four in bed mourning for a family that was taken from him before he even had the chance to remember them properly. The memories have been coming back in groups for the last few days, handfuls of his old life here and there. He remembers sitting down at a table in a restaurant sharing pointless banter. He remembers being taught to tie a tie, to tie his shoes, to write in cursive.
Peter felt hot tears rolling down his cheeks and he was so focused on the thought that maybe this man was telling the truth and nobody really wanted him, that he almost missed being injected with something. He squirmed.
"To be fair, you deserved it. But I've got no proof that you'll keep your word. You're Hydra. You betrayed the Captain, you raped Peter, you got May Parker killed. We trusted you, before. With our lives, Brock, and this is where that got us. You have to give me something else."
With a shaking breath, he says, "Twelve people have died in Queens since Peter went missing, at the hands of people that "Spider-Man" would've taken care of... I don't want that blame on him, I don't want him to think that blood is on his hands."
"Peter..." His name was drawn out and gargled in the throat of whatever monster it came from. "I knew..... You'd come for me..."
Wade seemed to be thinking the same thing just by the way he hung back a couple of steps behind Peter. He'd already been told that if shit hit the fan, Peter was their top priority, as he didn't have powers anymore.
It'd already been made clear that if he failed his mission, then he would spend the rest of his life as a dancing monkey behind a thick wall of glass somewhere. An experiment for their amusement. He'd be a lab rat all over again. There were a lot of things he could handle, but he didn't think that could be one of them. He never wanted to do that again...
, James Barnes, who regularly chaperoned girls on their dates and made out with the boy who lived next door to my parents when I was young, might think of
Once Bucky and Natasha both were meant to go on a mission together, they told Steve, and he quickly took up the mantle of the watchful eye. Steve wasted no time in telling Tony.
He took it, grateful, chocolate always seemed to do the trick for just about everything. He didn't really think there was a wrong time for chocolate. He took a bite and hummed a little before looking to the tired man beside him. "My apologies, my introduction seems to have been interrupted by some C4, my name is-"
He looks around at all of the things around the room. Monitors, the large windows, the Black Panther suits in the corner. He nods, though he's not really listening because she's not saying anything. "I'm Peter.. It's a nice lab."
He remembers the fall. He remembers the heartbreaking fear that was worse than any he'd ever previously encountered. He remembers the soul-crushing weight of the fact that not only was he going to die but that his Stevie was going to blame himself for it no matter what. He knew that Steve would think about the what-ifs. What if he was faster, what if their places had been switched, what if, what if what if.
Wade thought Peter looked exceptional while killing bad guys, but if ever there was a bad time to fantasize, it was now.
One look at the name on the screen made him look extensively furious, then he changed his expression to look happy as ever. "Wade? Oh, back are you? It's nice to hear from you, it's been a while."
Steve went into the ice, sure. Steve also got the serum, sure. But Steve chose to have his. Bucky's was tortured into him. Forced into his veins and into his mind. He never got a choice, never had a say. And he has to live with that every day of his life. The pain that his arm regularly causes him, the memories of what he'd done. There was never an escape. Never would he have a chance to escape that torment inside of him.
Once Steven had told them all that Peter was lucky to even be alive, that by some miracle the bullet had missed anything important, Sam knew that he now owed this child his life, even though said child would never say anyone owed him anything.
"Besides, Madame Widow, you know what happened to the last family you had." He circled her as he spoke, though she stared straight ahead." Or have you forgotten? Should I remind you about what happened to them? To Nikolai? To Alexi?" He paused right behind her and placed his hands on her flat stomach, whispering directly into her ear. "To your child?"
He was the one arranging the missions to search for Peter. The one at all the debriefings. The one writing all the reports. He was the one still reporting for missions and debriefings for things that had nothing to do with Peter in the slightest. He wasn't free anymore, not that he ever really was, to begin with. But now he liked it. He enjoyed the distraction from the thoughts that Peter may really be gone for good.
"If anyone touches that boy, or tries to leave, I will shoot you, do you understand?" The question was met with a couple of quiet whimpers and mostly-silent nodding as they all raised their hands up in surrender. A knock from the other side of the door came, and it was the girl again, asking if she should call the police or not.
He remembers the trauma of the beatings, of the needles. He remembers the fear bubbling inside of him like boiling water. He remembers how it felt to be tied down and helpless, having countless people touch his previously unmarked skin and turning it into something else entirely. He remembers the air. The soul freeing relief when it was Steve who stood over him to take him from that God awful place.
He told Wade that he remembered their first night together, then he paused. He knew that he looked a lot different now compared to how he did then. Back then, he only had a few burn marks and the little scars on his wrist. He had some meat on his bones then... Now he was thin, fragile, covered in burns and scars and he didn't want to wear anything but long pants and long sleeves.
And when the boy let his bloodied hospital gown fall, there was a collective gasp at his wounds. He was covered head to toe and sporting two brand-new bullet wounds.
He lets out a chuckle and is about to speak again when he hears a soft wailing from the bathroom. It's quite obvious that Peter's trying to conceal it, but the sound makes Wade's heart climb into his throat and then drop into his stomach. It was all he needed to hear to know the truth.
He knew about Peter's advanced heal rate, but this wasn't looking very good. He kept his arm against his body, almost like he was afraid to move it even the slightest. Tony didn't blame him. He wasn't even upset that Peter didn't tell anyone. Tony probably wouldn't say anything about an injury like this either. In fact, he can think of several times he's hidden injuries from the people around him.
Bucky wondered if Wade had any idea what could be wrong with Peter but knew that there was only one way to find out, and now was not the time to go looking for trouble from another mercenary. Also, Steve would kick the asses of everyone involved.
Midnight was approaching rapidly and the party was in full swing. The colored lights were set on strobe and the music was turned up louder than it needed to be, but none of these sweaty hormonal teenagers seemed to care about the noise or the temperature.
"Doesn't matter. Steve will talk because I have you. If it was between say, telling me where Peter is, or me killing you... I'd bet that he'd tell me where Peter was first... And then I'd kill you anyway."
Bucky shifted on his toes and leaned against the railing the overpass to line up his shot. This one wasn't to kill, this one was to immobilize or at least injure him enough that he'd be a little bit easier to find. As he shifted the cross-hairs down onto Rumlow's thigh, something happened and he was temporarily blinded in the eye he was using to line up the shot.
Bucky listed Natasha as his second-hand when it came to looking after Peter at night, because of how well Peter and Natasha got along during the day. If there was ever a time that Bucky was unavailable,
Steve touched Bucky's cheek to distract him. "Buck, baby, look at me... We know where he is now, and we can go get him, and we can bring him home."
Peter just played the first song that looked moderately appealing. He knew he'd zone out several more times, therefore wouldn't hear the music anyways. He trusted Wade to look after him while he was in this state. Not many people had the misfortune of watching Peter like this, as he usually sat alone in his bedroom.
And through all of the pain, and the hours of torture, not once did he plead. Never begged for an end. Never once did he attempt to fight back, or even move.
When Bucky awoke, the first thing he noticed was the throbbing pain in his head, then all at once, the pain from all over his body hit him like waves beating against rocks on the shore. His legs ached and his chest felt heavy, and above all of that, his arm was on fucking fire. When he looked down, he felt the panic rise in him like bile when he saw that it was gone, no trace of the vibranium in sight.
Vision agrees, "Yes, but I thought this to be the quickest way to tell you that Mr. Parker is on his way down."
They all knew damn good and well what Peter was capable of, especially after the training he'd been doing.
She nods her head, though she didn't get much of a choice, and disappeared the moment Peter wrestled the ring off of his finger. He sighed. He needed to remember not to think about her while wearing the ring, as that was what brought her forward. He just dropped the ring onto the bed beside him and curled back up.
He didn't fuss, didn't hesitate, didn't fight back. He let Wade pull his head back and he looked blissed the fuck out. His eyes were hooded and his lips parted like there was nothing more on this Earth that Peter Parker loved more than being dominated.
He wishes that he could do it for himself, but his arms just aren't strong enough yet. He watches as Bucky walks around the yard before asking Peter where he thinks a good place for a garden would be. Peter says that any place would be a good place for flowers, as long as there could be a lot of space for them to grow. Bucky noted that the yard wasn't much of a yard before asking what Peter thought about a regular garden for vegetables and such.
Peter settled for a simple wedding cake flavor but Wade got an ungodly mix of coconut and watermelon and pineapple. Wade insists that if Peter winced any harder, he'd break something.
Knowing now that the boy really didn't know himself, who he is, who he used to be, made Wade angrier than he'd ever been.
It wasn't hard to see the conflict in Tony's eyes. He knew that he was outnumbered here but he still had two choices. Put his foot down and become the bad guy, or roll over and show his stomach like the weak little puppy that he is. This was totally the wrong time, but Tony was lying if he didn't think that Bucky staring him down was the hottest thing since sliced bread... Did people still say that now? Oh well.
Peter didn't look nervous in the slightest. If anything he looked more than ready to take on whatever may come at him today, and it kinda worried Bucky. Something about all of this wasn't sitting right with him, and he was prepared for this to be some kind of trap.
Peter clawed at the metal hand gripping his hood. His hands began to shake. "Let me- Please, let go."
Steve just stared at the man in front of him, and his heart was clogging his throat so badly that he couldn't speak, and if he could, he didn't know what he would say. This was the man he'd loved with so much of his being. This man's father was once someone he'd considered to be his friend... And after all of this time, Steve was still such a large part of Tony's life because of Howard. It was a wonder how Tony ever loved him at all.
Steve thinks, maybe, what happened to Peter was his fault. Maybe there's a world out there where none of this would have happened to Peter, and in that world maybe there was no Steve and that's why Peter, and everyone else, would be fine. Maybe in that world, he never came back out of the ice.
"There's extra blankets in there, you can make yourselves a place on the floor. I'll take care of Peter and make sure you girls get home safely in the morning, okay?"
Back in New York, Steve and Tony were sitting in a tiny cafe down in the southside of Brooklynn. The weather was nice and so was the coffee, and the company was pretty good too.
Everything she could think of seemed to end in some kind of disaster. So for now, she just watched as Peter sipped on his chocolate milk and joked with Bruce about Radiophysics. Tony listened on in silence, leaning into Bruce's side as he ate. Nat thought it was cute how they cuddled up to one another. They were still in that cute, nauseating honeymoon phase, and she really hoped that for their sake it never goes away.
"Что случилось, маленький?" Bucky spoke into Peter's hair. Natasha smiled at the name he called Peter.
The clanking of a familiar suit filled their ears and Peter looked around in terror before Tony appeared at the bottom of the stairs. His helmet opened and Peter screamed and hid his face in Bucky's chest. Tony tried to talk, but it just sent Peter farther into a panic before Nat dragged him back up the stairs, just far enough to be out of Peter's line of sight.
"You don't have to talk about me like I'm some child in the next room. I'm standing right here, and I don't like being talked through."
While poor Peter, passed out from the drugs Wade slipped into his food, slept soundly, Wade hooked the needle to the tube and stuck it into Peter's vein. He had a big enough bag to take two pints of blood, and sure it would leave him weak, but that's what Wade needed. Wade needed Peter to be too weak to come looking for him. The weaker he was, for the time being, the less danger he'd be in.
The man had a name though, an identity. He'd heard the man talking to himself once and after he'd been caught he explained that Peter knew what he was saying because he'd heard it before. The man didn't know anything that Peter didn't know. He'd remembered, only briefly, that it was what soldiers were trained to do under torture. They were required to give their captors their name, rank, and serial number.
And Peter pulled the older man down into a kiss and he felt his heart leap into his throat the moment their lips touched. It was like a fire sparked somewhere deep inside of him and his whole body was being used as paper-thin embers to fuel it. Wade's touch was like lightning, each brush of their skin together sent sparks of riveting light across Peter's soul and surrounding his heart.
Bucky didn't try to deny his tears, as he knew he'd already been caught. Any denial would just worry Steve further than what was necessary, and Steve was already worried more than he needed to be in the first place, and Bucky refused to make it worse for him when he had so much going on, to begin with.
Steve stared down at the man, scarred beyond all repair and yelled back, "Do it again, and I'll kill you! Merry Christmas!"
The offer was, of course, still on the table if she wanted it. Given her newfound connection with Peter, they imagined that she'd take the offer.
Natasha shook her head. "It's not right of you to suddenly decide you've not taken any responsibility for him once he's done something wrong, Tony. If anything, I think you're the most to blame here by keeping him and everyone else in the dark about what's really going on here."
He needed to act as natural as possible. Peter always prided himself on his acting as he rarely ever got caught, but these guys were the best of them all and they would be the ultimate test of his acting skills. They'd been fooled before, but this was all new territory to Peter.
Everyone had their bad days, that much was true. To say that this was one of the easier days would be a lie. There was nothing easy about this day at all. Every shred of happiness Peter'd had just yesterday was gone. It felt like someone cut his veins open in order to rip the happiness from his body. He didn't have the energy to move from his bed.
"Woah, hey, no! No, they're all totally alive. I mean, they were when I left! I left them all alive." Peter's chest was heaving. The thought of losing another set of parents angered him to no end.
In the next second, Wade decided that he didn't give a fuck what the kid was thinking about. Being with Peter was such an awful fucking idea. The kid was fragile. And Wade was dangerous, always in danger. The people that Wade fucked around with could destroy Peter in an instant, and most of them would never even hesitate.
Wade instantly apologizes as he sets a bag from Delmar's down on Peter's dresser. "I didn't mean to startle you, Petey, I'm sorry."
Bucky ran up the stairs as fast as he could, taking them two at a time to go even faster. He couldn't believe it took him so long to figure it out! He threw open the apartment door and Nat's quick reaction meant he had a gun pointed at his head, but he paid no mind. He took two large breaths and looked over at Steve. "I know what he meant! I get it! I can't believe it took me so long."
He dug into the cabinet and pulled out the rubbing alcohol and the first aid kit. He'd stocked his with a needle and thread for just such an emergency.
He'd only come out of the ice a few years ago, so there was no way Peter could be his son at all. He'd had James with him, so there was no way that Bucky was his father either, based on what he remembered about him. Despite how close he was to Natasha, somewhere deep down he knew that she didn't have any kids, and he knew why.
She reached a hand out to Steve as he walked back up the path with Bucky holding onto him. She took his hand and led them both up the stairs and out of habit, Bucky kicked the brick on the way to the door, revealing the old key that'd been hiding there for so long. Steve picked it up and hesitated only for a moment before he unlocked the old door. It rattled and creaked when it was pushed open and Nat coughed when the dust hit her.
The moment Bucky returns home with Peter: chaos. Tony is shouting about how they were called by no less than four people, how five different machines had been sent out to fly over the entire state of New York, and how Peter was lucky if he was ever going to step foot off the base again, because the one time he leaves, he ends up with a deadly assassin. Steve is giving the stare, and Natasha is dead silent. Peter can feel himself beginning to panic again because the longer Tony goes on, the louder he gets. He's walking around the room, arms waving wildly as he speaks and he's getting closer to Peter as he goes along.
Steve remembers that he never got the chance to do anything with the apartment. He left the same day he got the serum, which meant that everything inside would be exactly the way that it was left. With all of their old belongings and documentation of their old lives, their old love. Steve started to walk up the path to the stairs, and Nat followed, but the pair paused when they realized that Bucky wasn't behind them.
Peter nodded slowly, not breaking eye contact with the man in front of him. "You're the man from inside my head..."
Bruce moves to step forward and it makes Bucky's grip twitch, effectively cutting off that one little bit of airflow Tony'd had left. Nat blocks Bruce's path, fully aware that him entering the room would be a fucking bad idea.
Scott was sitting next to Rhodey, and Vision sat beside Scott. Steve, to everyone's surprise, was sporting not one, but three weapons. Strapped to his thigh was a large knife, in a shoulder holster was a pistol, and in his hands was a large assault rifle. Nobody wanted to ask if he actually knew how to use it.
And Bucky doesn't even answer all the way and Peter knows the answer just from that and his voice is hoarse as he forces himself to keep speaking. "Oh my God. She's dead? She... I'm an
The pair rounded a corner. "That's not important. What's important is that I got you out of there before any of your parents showed up."
The terminology made Tony stutter and blush in both embarrassment and anger at the same time. This marks the first time Bucky has ever used sucking dick as a threat that Tony didn't like. He looked shocked and glanced to Bruce who said nothing.
But right now, all Wade's mind was focused on was keeping Peter safe anyways. The voices agreed, Peter needed him right now. He wasn't used to being needed, so it was strange to sit and know someone was relying on him to be the sane one for the moment.
MJ had managed to be the one that talked Peter into drinking in the first place and what started out as a small beer quickly turned into about 15 Jell-O shots. Peter's abilities made it a little difficult to get drunk, but this was his first time and he didn't seem to be giving up any time soon.
He smiles widely before sitting next to Wade again. The whole morning goes like this, and the moment the last presents are finished with, Tony stands and claps his hands together, announcing that there's one last gift, and the adults all agree. Peter is told to grab all of his gifts and he does, with the help of Wade, Nat, and Steve. Everyone follows Tony downstairs through the cold air.
"Sucha good boy for listenin' so quick..." Bucky trailed his thumb across Tony's bottom lip before sliding it into his mouth and over his tongue. He loved the way Tony responded to the smallest things. "You know why it's been so long since we've done this?"
Bucky reared back to swing, but Peter grabbed onto the metal arm and pulled just enough to stop Bucky mid-swing. Bucky turned and he looked furious, and Peter didn't miss the gun strapped to his thigh or the knife strapped to his ankle. Bucky, in his fit of rage, grabbed Peter by the hood of his jacket and started dragging him to the car.
Wade cracked off some joke about not making any promises of being non-threatening before going towards where Steve and Bruce stood with Tony. Peter watched on anxiously before remembering something he forgot. He dug around a little around the presents before bounding up to Bucky with a wide smile and fastening a Santa hat onto his head. Bucky laughed a little and shook his head before taking the hat off and putting it on top of Wade's mask.
"Hey, Petey, hey." Wade grabbed onto his shoulders again to stop the boy from panicking. "It's okay. We don't have to go back yet."
sorry this is so damn late, my mother and younger sister had their birthdays and we've been celebrating.
The thought of Stark alone just might be enough to kill Wade's boner, but when Peter lifts his hips to grind against him, Tony Stark is forgotten in an instant.
He ran down the corridor of trees and watched as the walls around him turned into what looked like the walls in his Aunt May's apartment building. Her apartment door stood wide open and when he ran inside she was there, her body lying in a heaping puddle of blood and shattered glass where the coffee table once stood.
Wade shakes his head. "No, NATO has one word for every letter of the alphabet. It's used so outsiders have a harder time deciphering the message. So for example, to spell your name, it'd be Papa, Echo, Tango, Echo, Romeo. P-E-T-E-R. So, Charlie, India, Alpha would spell C.I.A. and, wait what does this have to do with the C.I.A.? Petey, are we spies?"
Nevertheless, Bucky started to squeeze, slowly increasing the pressure on Tony's throat, and only then did the so-called genius begin to panic. "B-Buck-"
Wade was pacing the small bathroom while waiting out the final stretch of the drugs being in Peter's system. Once he was finally a little closer to normal Wade could get him cleaned up and fed, then eventually to bed. For now, though, he was preoccupied pacing and asking himself just how he managed to let Peter get into this situation in the first place. Why weren't his friends with him? If one of them had been there, maybe his drink wouldn't have been spiked.
He said okay, but asked Bucky to please pick up some of his stuff from home if they were going to be stuck in Wakanda. They were most likely going to be here for a long time at this rate, with so much goddamn crime and now the baby, so Bucky agreed without hesitation and asked Peter to write him a list of the things he wanted to be brought back.
Natasha is silent. She remembers the nightmares that plagued her once upon a time. They weren't much different really. But that was a long time ago, now she slept peacefully. Mostly.
"Yes Wade, I'm all yours... Make me yours, Wade, please." Peter was nothing short of begging, and with the lustful look in his eye, Wade just couldn't say no.
He didn't mind the blood or the smell that it caused. All he did was fall down onto the floor and use Wade's lap as a pillow.
Peter jumped as the door opened behind him. He turned and hid his phone behind his back and Wade dove behind the dumpster as Steve walked out of the apartment and leaned on the railing to look at the sky. He didn't say anything for a long minute, choosing instead to let Peter worry about being in trouble for a long moment.
Wade was admiring the boy's body and internally questioning the legality of this. Peter, being 16 now, was close to the legal age here, but with the boy crawling onto the bed, Wade decided that he'd think about that later when Peter wasn't impatiently begging in the way that he was. Peter knew enough from health class to be able to put the condom on for Wade, his thin fingers making quick work of it.
They wouldn't care that Peter was just a teenager, they'd kill him. They'd tear him up and beat him down and none of them would even think twice about doing so. They'd plow down anyone in their way, and unlike wade could, Peter couldn't come back from something like that so easily.
He sat down on the couch and Peter carefully detached himself so he could take a cup of coffee from Wade. He took a long drink from the cup and sniffled quietly. Wade almost missed the small moment. Peter could easily break back down again in a second, and Wade made it a point not to move from his spot on the couch.
Down on the third floor, Tony walks up to one of the doors and unlocks it before pausing. "Pete, I know you've been sleeping in a room up on four on the days you're not staying inside of their apartment with them, and I also know that room has only been fixed in the most basic of ways, so with their help, we put this together for you."
The hike is long. It takes them a little over four hours to reach the cabin and by then they're both tired again. There's exactly one bedroom in the cabin, with one small bed, and Wade says he'll sleep on the couch, but Peter protests.
All eyes in the room turned to Peter where he was now sitting up. He looked awful, as does anyone who spent hours bleeding out. Tony looked a little shocked that Peter was talking back to him, as he never usually had the guts to do so.
Wade knows what it's like, living with something traumatic like that. He'd had a habit of pushing it away and pretending it never happened, but Peter was just a kid. When kids go through trauma, especially like nearly being crushed to death, it sticks with them. It's not something they push away, and certainly not this early. It's been four months. Which means four months of learning to deal with newly-developed claustrophobia and having night-terrors out the ass.
They both knew that it was nothing they could promise. There was no guarantee that nothing would happen to them. But for now, they could pretend.
He felt suffocated. His own voice echoed in his ears. "Hello? Hello! Please, hey! Hey, please! I'm down here! I'm down here! I'm stuck. I'm stuck! I can't move!"
He'd been doing pretty good about the whole not-killing thing, and as much as he loved that boy, if he had to kill for him, he was going to be pissed.
He rounded the couches to see Natasha laying across one. She had a gun lying next to her head, and her finger was still on the trigger. Her head hung off of the couch, as did one of her arms. Blood dripped down her face, and her hand was outstretched toward's Bucky's beaten body.
"I know the feeling, but Peter... That moment does not define you. Yes, you were injured, and I know it scares you, but right now? You're safe here with me. Peter. I will keep you safe."
Gravel kicked up as Bucky marched across the abandoned lot. With his mask settled on his face, he was a man ready to get answers no matter what it took to get them. He was going to go through those doors and kill anyone who kept the answers from him. It'd been months and he was tired of not knowing.
Bucky remembers that the night before he shipped out, he made sure to cover his things with sheets to make the cleanup easier for someone else. He didn't think he was going to make it back, but he never would have told Steve that.
Peter walks down the long hallway towards the gym, earbuds in and turned up too loud. He rolled right out of bed and into his gym shoes this morning. This morning, it turns out, all four parents are gone. Nobody told him until he walked into the kitchen this morning to see that Mr. Banner and Wanda were eating breakfast and they told him that everyone was gone for the foreseeable future. It could be weeks before they got home.
"Why are you here, Peter? Why did you come for me?" He asked desperately. Every moment that Peter was here was another moment he could be using to escape. The boy shook his head.
His heart-rate spiked at the thought of what happened then, and he shot out of bed. It took him a minute to ground himself, to remember that he wasn't back at that place anymore, and he wasn't that guy anymore. He didn't think that Nat would be back from the stores for a long while yet. She was determined to find the perfect curtains that would bring life to the place, but still resemble the old ones. She even took one of the moth-eaten piles of fabric with her.
Tony's eyes dropped to the floor and all it took was for Bucky to snap his fingers loudly before Tony was holding his gaze again. "You're startin' fights with Stevie... Gettin' snippy with Nat... Yellin' at the kid... And don't think I don't know about your lil' secret, Tony."
Bucky liked cooking now that he was back. He cooked more often than not, and everyone was impressed with how quickly he was learning. He was learning at a pace faster than Steve when it came to cooking. Bucky denies the credit, telling everyone that he just watches a lot of the cooking channel in his free time- which he has a lot of now. That's also how he managed to catch up on almost 80 years of pop culture references and music.
And then the panic began again. He couldn't even think straight as the man put his legs back down and halfways fixed his hospital gown. He'd been kidnapped, to make a child?! This couldn't be right, this couldn't be happening. All he could do was keep crying as he left.
It was his worst invention, just because it tortured him so. And at the moment, it was configured so he was the only one to see her. He was the only one allowed to see her. He had to live with this guilt. He had to live with seeing her there, smiling and kind, despite what he did to her.
"We can see what we can do about getting you a good set up. Do you want a mirror one? We can do a mirrored one."
The room was large. Giant walls of wet stone stretched out into the space where the lights would not reach. Crates upon crates of weapons lined these walls, the words 'fragile' and 'explosives' stamped onto the side of each one.
The last couple of weeks have been quiet, at both the apartment and the base. Bucky'd been walking around like a ghost in his own home. A shadow stuck in the old routine of his old life. Every morning he woke up and padded to the kitchen, had a cup of too-bitter coffee and a half-stale biscuit and begin his 85-year-old work out routine.
Is he secretly thinking about how awful of a person Wade was? Is he thinking about how awful the sex was and how he wished he'd never done it and how he's going to decide he's asexual?
Wade nodded slowly in understanding. "So I'm the obvious suspect... But I would never bring any harm to Peter, I care too much about him."
He could've gotten Peter killed. He promised to get Peter out of this life, and he took him right back into the line of fire. He deserved their anger. Peter could have died today, and for what? They were no closer to the end than they had been before.
And Peter could no longer tell the difference between what the real torture was, and what wasn't. It all felt so real. From being boxed in, to May's lifeless corpse.
"I think they're right, Tony, I uh, I don't think we should keep him down here any longer... The isolation can't be good for him. Besides, he truly didn't do anything wrong that we know of. It'd be detrimental to his health and developmental stages. He is still a child."
Bucky was off to the side, leaning against the wall next to the door. He'd done his part. He'd brought Peter in for the help that Peter himself would have refused if given the choice.
They wanted him to go to parties and sandwich shops and to spend weekends with his friends. They wanted him to have the freedom that he didn't have here. They wanted him to have chores and an allowence and maybe even a pet if he wanted. But they didn't want to keep him fron Tony. Even if they weren't all getting along at present, Tony was still part of Peter's family, and they wouldn't be the people to keep them apart.
There was some shuffling on the other end of the line before Bucky responded. "Yeah, buddy I'm on the way. Wait in the office for me, okay? I'll be there as soon as I can."
Steve was ready to go out right now and find Bruce, but all Bucky could do was protest. If there was someone above Bruce, then they needed to find out who, and they knew that arresting Bruce wasn't the way to find out. They needed Bruce, which was
Bucky'd spent far too long near this man in his life, and one way or another, Bucky was going to be the one to take him out. It's what he deserved. He deserved to finally die for everything he'd done in his miserable life.
As gently as possible, they land and open the hatch. Peter feels blinded by the sunlight and can't help but cover his eyes. Bucky helps him off of the floor and holds his hand as they exit the jet and step down into an empty field of flowers and butterflies.
She whipped around to face him, a tear falling down her cheek. "That's enough... You should leave now, before I hurt you." She said quietly, and he laughed softly.
"To tell you the truth... This is my last mission. I got my orders. I'm supposed to put a bullet in you, your man candy, and then myself."
And in the end, he still never got what he wanted. He couldn't lie and say that he hadn't noticed Steve's eyes on him. He knew Steve was naive enough to still have feelings for him after all he'd done, and it would be his downfall. Somewhere deep down he thinks they both knew it too. And while maybe now he still felt jealous or whatever, he'd put his feelings for Steve away in order to really be with Bruce. They had so much in common with one another, and it was so much easier to communicate with someone that speaks science.
"Come on, your dads are getting antsy." He laughed as he walked Peter back out of the bathroom. There was no way that Bucky missed the blanket that Peter wore, it made him smile seeing that Peter appreciated it.
Peter wants to reach out and touch Wade's cheek, the way one lover might do to the other. He wants to wipe away the stray tear forming in Wade's eye and he wants to kiss him and remind him that everything is okay now... But he doesn't. He tucks his hands under his legs and rests his face on his knees. He doesn't want to give Wade his attention and affection, only for it to come out that Wade didn't see him as anything more than a fuck.
He was alone in the tiny metal bed, and he couldn't make himself talk because he couldn't take in enough air to do it even if he wanted to. He climbed out of the bed as quickly as he could manage. His watch was going nuts.
Peter made the mistake of looking up next to one of these construction sights. Flashes of being back in that building came to Peter's mind. Flashes of being trapped.
Peter tried to get out of bed, but he lunged forward too hard and slipped, knocking his knees on the floor as he fell. Tony rushed forward and pulled Peter to his chest, trying to gently coax answers out of Peter. All Peter could do was cling onto Tony's shirt, shaking violently with the thoughts rattling around in his mind. All he could manage to get out was 'She doesn't want me anymore'. And maybe Tony didn't understand at first, but that didn't matter.
Bucky slammed his metal arm against a bunch of hanging chains to make a noise loud enough to get the prisoner's attention. Nat circled around the chair he was strapped to.
Like how all week Stark has had an attitude, Nat's been stressed, and Steve's been stressed AND worried. It left Bucky to be the rock of the group, and it wasn't hard to see the obvious irony in their scenario. With each member of their relationship being in a different mood, Bucky knew that he had to tend to them all differently. Each lover needed something different.
He looked down at the stubborn brainiac where he was, kneeling motionless on the floor at Bucky's feet, waiting for instructions like he was meant to do. He could see the guilt on Tony's face, he knew what he'd done to deserve whatever punishment Bucky decided to dish out to him, and he knew he needed to behave and take it like he always did.
Hands roamed and made quick work of Peter's shirt, perky nipples exposed to the air and to the assault from  Wade's tongue and fingers. Peter gasped, eyes fluttering closed.
happy 2k19 everybody, I know it's been a while, but I'm gonna try and roll out a couple of chapters here quick for you.
Inside of the frame were three people, an older sickly looking woman, a smaller wiry-looking man, and a darker man that made something click in his brain. He was looking at a lost memory, his old self staring back into him with eyes that could no longer be recognized as human. In the glass, he could see the reflection of himself, and now he was something he couldn't stand. His hair reached his shoulders, his jaw was set in stone.
Except, he knew that he wouldn't be caught, because he had a guy on the inside that was on the same team as he was. Well, sorta on the same team. It was like a double-double agent type thing he thinks.
The carnal thrusting of their hips was only the beginning. Nat was writhing on the counter in complete bliss as Steve pressed against her g-spot with every knock of his hips into hers. Steve himself was moaning like a whore as Bucky plowed into his prostate. Bucky absolutely loved having the three of them together like this and, well, what better way to christen the new kitchen than this?
And then he healed. Blood dried on his body when the skin grew shut. Bruises faded and teeth regrew.
She gives him a smile. "Rumlow. Dealing with Bruce will always be harder because he was your friend."
Bucky looked up from the floor and held eye contact with Steve for a long moment before he spoke again. His voice was quivering and he hated it, but it had to be said. "Peter's clues were right... And we were there... And he was right below us. The whole time, he was there and we just left him."
Peter doesn't realize just how much he left behind when he went away, and he's just now starting to see what his life was like before.
He bounded downstairs to his still unfinished room and grabbed the two big garden trash bags full of Christmas gifts. It was easy to get money for all of these gifts. He'd saved his allowance up for months, and when he asked Tony for "a little spending money" Tony up and gave him $500 like it was pocket change. He was told to either use it all or keep the change, and he used all but maybe $85 and he planned to put it all towards lunch money.
The doors at the end of the hall burst open, revealing an exhausted looking Peter Parker, with Natasha in tow. Sam was sure that this would spell trouble, and he knew he was right the minute the web-slinger threw himself up against the glass wall that separated him from them. "Stop it! Stop it, leave him alone!"
Pepper looks at him like he's a small puppy and sighs. "Tony doesn't have any room to make fun of you for anything, Peter. So c'mon, what's the truth?"
Wade was losing himself in the feeling of fucking Peter against the wall. He got violent with it, one hand in Peter's feathery hair, his other arm around Peter's waist to hold him in place. He fucked Peter this time like it might be the last time. It was hard and quick and deep and Peter was loving it, moaning out like a cheap whore as drool dripped down his chin. He wanted to wreck Peter, wanted to make sure that he'd remember this when everything went to shit.
Peter stiffened in Wade's grip before thrashing harder, clawing at the arm slung across his chest. He thought he was trapped again, this much Wade could tell. He could hear the desperate gasping for air and the scared whimpers leaving Peter's mouth.
On the other end, he heard a soft chuckle, and it was easy to imagine Wade smiling. "Merry Christmas, Petey... I'm sorry I can't be there with you."
Peter's first real instance of human interaction came to him this morning when the small crawlspace sized door of his cell slid open and he was beckoned out of it. He crawled on his belly through the small space and was carefully pulled to his feet by the undead man with the burned face. He was ushered through a set of doors and then down a long hallway.
So, he quietly picks the flowers that Peter thinks are the prettiest, and that means that he picks at least four of each flower for the boy, because he,
Steve knew Tony was cheating, but the part that probably hurt the most is that he was cheating with Bruce. Someone who called himself Steve's friend. Someone who regularly smiled in his direction greeted him with kindness and respect. Someone who cracked jokes with and ate dinner next to and spoke to when he was having problems. He used to go and rant about Tony sometimes because even if Bruce wasn't listening then Steve would've gotten it off of his chest.
Bucky watched as Peter looked over the array of blades. The young boy took two switchblades that varied widely in size and another thicker knife. He hid them on his person as Bucky put the rest of the blades away before turning to face the boy.
He pushed the double doors open and wished that he hadn't. He could smell the blood and he wanted to throw up. Windows were broken and so was the furniture.
He stopped assaulting the punching bag in favor of trying to catch his breath and wiping the sweat from his brow. Nat strode over, hips commanding the attention of the room, even though they were the only ones in it.
Peter jolted awake gasping for air and clawing at his chest to try and remove the knife that didn't exist. His chest hurt as though it had existed in real time. He could feel his watch but it wasn't doing anything to ground him, especially not once he inspected his hands and arms and his eyes fell on the scratch across his wrist. It sat there, red and irritated and angry, like the little girl.
It was nice to see them all together, all getting along despite everything. But it wasn't hard to see the way that Steve looked at the others. He looked almost jealous of the way that Tony and Bruce were cuddled up to one another, all happy and shit, drinking hot chocolates with smiles on their faces. But when Steve caught their eyes, he smiled. Because he was happy for them, truly, no matter how badly it hurt.
According to Bucky, they were already into Wakanda, and they were currently in one of the medbays. When Peter asked why Bucky ran his remaining hand through his hair. "You collapsed, in Italy. The doctors there couldn't find anything wrong with you, so we brought you here. The technology and medicine are so advanced, I thought they'd have to find something."
Wade lifted his hips and let his jeans be tugged down and smirked when he heard Peter gasp. Wade wasn't sure it was from the size of his dick or the way he was swirling his tongue, but he didn't really care. It was his turn to gasp whenever Peter wasted absolutely no time in taking Wade in as far as he could in one go.
"Go away! Go away, you lied to me! You lied to me, I'm your mission!" He whimpered. It broke Wade's heart to see the boy like this. He knew that Hydra finally got to the boy.
"But they did hurt me, Buck... They hurt you. They had you all that time, and I... I thought you were dead. We all did. I wrote a letter to your family..." He could tell that Steve was getting choked up now, and he watched as the blonde pulled away from him and walked into their bedroom. He returned with a small, rusted compass in his hand. Inside was a photo of Peggy, but he watched as Steve bypassed it completely and pulled it from its place to reveal a small photo of Bucky himself.
Once he finally finished up with emptying his already empty stomach, he clawed his way to his feet and back into the hospital room where he saw Bucky and Steve waiting for him, wrapped up in one another's arms... Or, arm, in Bucky's case.
The tracks were practically useless to them right now. It told them which way the vehicle went, but without someone like Tony or Vision to look into what kind of tires these were, they'd never find the vehicle in time. They were practically at a dead end until someone could figure out exactly what these tires went to. It was pretty much all that they could do to retreat for the time being to let the professionals find the vehicle, and then find Nat.
"Can God be cruel?" he asked, with no hint of anger or hostility, almost as if he wanted to clarify the boy's question. "Why, yes. He can. But I promise you, my child, God will never be crueler to you than you can handle. Everything he does has its reason. If you think that God was cruel to you, it may be that he was trying to teach you a lesson of sorts, or he was trying to show you a truth that could not be found without his help."
He felt Rumlow's fingers undoing the ties on his gown before it was totally pulled away from his body and tossed to the floor, leaving him naked except for the underwear that were now too big for his thin frame... And then Rumlow pushed those down his legs and he was exposed to the bad guy and his hands were still bound.
"Oh, but you do, Peter. You know you do, I can feel it. You deserve it for what you've done to me, you know you do."
Peter put his cup down on the table and carefully took Wade's from him to do the same. Just as Wade opened his mouth to speak, Peter closed the distance between them to smash their lips together.
The Soldier knew that the arm was just a part of who he was, nothing more than another limb or a simple attachment, a weapon. It didn't make him weak, it made him strong, intimidating... It made him the guy people wanted to get out of the way from. It erased everything that Bucky himself ever was, kind, human... The Solider thought it completed him.
The box in itself was at least half of his size, almost like a box for a tall mini-fridge, but wider.
He remembers seeing colorful lights and sparkly ornaments on a too-small tree, but nothing that happened around said tree. Well, nothing except a small dog and loud laughter and a pair of shiny shoes. The dog he remembered was now not so small and was standing by the counter with Bucky.
Behind him, he heard Okoye stifle a laugh and he watched as two members of the royal family looked over at him with a little bit of disbelief in their eyes, and all was quiet before the princess smiled.
Wade quickly changed them off of the family questionnaire in favor of helping Peter to bed and starting a movie.
Now, sitting here in the wooden benches surrounded by candlelight while God's followers sung praises of how kind and generous he was, he only had one question, and it shocked the Priest. Peter assumed he'd never heard such a question.
to find you. They don't want you back, Peter. They never wanted you. Nobody wants you, Peter. Not them, not May, not your
"Nat... Why... Why am I here?" He pressed his palms flat against the glass and she looked to the floor at the sign of vulnerability.
Steve takes a step forward. "Yes, I know what he did, but that's no excuse, Buck. He doesn't deserve to die for it."
"Nobody's been inside in a long time... Historians went into the old place exactly once to record what the apartment used to look like, for the museum replica..."
Peter ended up falling asleep with his head on Wade's shoulder, and when he woke, Wade had carried him and their things off of the bus. He asked Wade why he didn't just wake him and make him walk, and Wade said he'd rather carry him than interrupt whatever sleep he was managing to get.
It had been easy enough so far to trick the boy into trading himself for his own rewards that doing the rest should be easy.
Wade chuckled shyly before speaking. "Yeaaaa, about that... I can't help. I'm not even on the same planet as you right now."
Across the room, Eddie knelt on Peter's bed and touched the boy's healing face. "Seems like it's working so far. How do you feel?"
And if Wade said that the idea of taking Peter Parker's virginity didn't turn him on, he'd be a damn liar because right now he was harder than he ever remembered being. Wade Wilson has taken many a virginity, from man and woman and extraterrestrial alike, but nothing has ever excited him the way that Peter's pouty lips do.
He heard himself croak out the question that he so desperately wanted to have the answer to, the one he needed to know. "Why?" Why couldn't he come home? Why did he have to stay here? Why did she want him to come here in the first place? She wasn't anywhere near being fond of Tony Stark, but she sent the boy that was like her child to live with him, even after everything that'd happened while Peter was in his care, and now she didn't want him back? Did she ever want him in the first place, or has she felt burdened this whole time after being saddled with Peter?
Back in Wakanda, Peter was curled up in his 'hospital' bed and simply staring at the wall across from him. He'd wrapped himself up in the blankets and that was the last time he'd moved in many hours. Bucky had been in several times, only trying at conversation once or twice before realizing that Peter wasn't going to respond.
When they finally arrive back at the Avengers base, Peter easily follows behind, keeping an eye on Wade's still lifeless body in Tony's arms. He's still wary of Tony and watching like a hawk to make sure he doesn't mistreat Wade in any way and is relieved when Tony very gently sets him down on one of the tables in the Med Bay.
Wade shook his head, though Peter couldn't see him. "The world is massive. It's so big. The cities, the ocean, space! You like space, don't you Peter?"
She asked if everything was okay, and he said yes, they were, for now. He pulled up a chair as she brought up the signal and he sat at the table and watched that little dot travel across the map... All the while, praying that his little boy would make it home safely.
Rumlow instructed him to pick up the scalpel and make a long slice across his palm, and he did, listening to the man talk all the while.
The problem with that is simple: Wade and Peter were way ahead of whoever came to get him. It was pretty early in the morning when the fight broke out, and it's a two-hour drive from the base to the school. Peter had been waking up at 4:30 in the mornings that he slept so he could go to school and be there.
Peter let his fingertips brush over an empty space on Nat's wrist, and he made a mental note to buy her a nice bracelet with his allowance money as soon as he got the chance. Christmas was coming, and everyone deserved something nice. And Stark gave him a hell of an allowance, though it went straight into a side account for Peter to use to go to college one day. Steve had started giving him an allowance too, for small things like doing chores and getting good grades at school.
Peter would like to protest, but he knows that Wade wouldn't allow it, either way, so he just smiles and thanks to the scarred man in front of him before he's even opened any of the bags, and that's sweet. Wade pats the space of the bed beside him and Peter sits, shifting in his seat to get comfortable and also to try and rid his mind of the sinful thoughts creeping up on him.
Peter knew that those alone cost an arm and a leg, so he could only imagine what else might be in this box.
Peter looked up at his closest father figure. "I'll leave the tracker on my watch on. So if I'm not back in an hour, you can come get me."
T'Challa looked momentarily put-off before recovering. "I merely wish to offer you a home with us... In return for assistance from your son."
Since the AI knew just how important it was that Peter got his sleep, she opened the door as quietly as possible. Tony slipped into the room, and Friday closed the door behind him.
Peter nodded before slowly sitting up, the pain obvious on his face. Strange asked what he was doing and he said that he couldn't lay down if he was meant to get them all taken care of, which meant he'd been putting more pressure on them than they could handle and Stephen helped him to stand up.
He shook his head. "I refuse to leave him here. Stark's got him trapped down here like some kinda animal. S'not human and it sure as hell ain't fair."
Steve and Bucky share a look, seemingly having a thousand word conversation between them in just seconds. They knew what the other was thinking, and they could already figure what happened. Peter and Wade magically vanishing at the same time wasn't any kind of coincidence... The only thing they couldn't figure is who broke who out.
Nat actually started to cry when she opened one of the gifts from Peter, and Steve teared up when he opened one from Bucky. Tony and Bruce loved the gifts they got for one another and laughed because of how similar their gifts were.
Steve gave Tony a real, true smile. "Thank you Tony... I don't know how I'll ever repay you for this..."
"It isn't Steve's fault. We got bad information, which, if I recall correctly, came from you." Nat looked away to hide a small smile.
Peter wasn't thrilled that they were gone, and he was less thrilled that they all left him behind when he could've been of use.
Bucky Barnes was a relatively gentle person, but when it came to his family, he would go to the ends of the Earth to protect them, even if it meant his very own life. Even now, he knew that HYDRA would be back, he could feel it in his bones. The whole, cut off one head and two more grow back, ordeal, wasn't entirely inaccurate. They were always two steps ahead, but not of Bucky.
Bucky nodded and kept inspecting the ground, right up to what looked like fresh tire-tracks not far from the blood. "Steve, here."
Luckily, Bucky brought Natasha's car instead of either of the bikes. Bucky safely tucked Peter away in the back seat, Peter's phone falling out of his bag in the process. Bucky grabbed it up with the intention of putting it back but caught glimpse of a text from Wade on the screen, which read something along the lines of how much he couldn't wait to see Peter again.
Her hospital gown was shredded revealing the bloody rags and stitches underneath. In a flash of light, the scene before him changed and instead of a beaten May, instead there she lay with her stomach slit open, guts hung halfway to the floor.
When Wade texted him, he ignored it, opting to not even open the message at all. He simply swiped it off of the screen and was done with it for then. Wade texted several more times, but each time Peter ignored it. He needed time to think. He needed space, and clearly, Wade wasn't too concerned with giving it to him.
He knew it was only lusting keeping Tony here in this room. If he thought he was in any real danger, he'd have Friday do.... whatever it was she could do in this situation. He knew there were no less than 150 S.H.I.E.L.D. agents bustling about on base at all times.
She wasn't real, but he scoffed anyways. "Yeah, thanks. Last I saw, you didn't look so great either."
"And then... I came 'cross this old apartment building. It's been empty for a really long time... Maybe you'd recognize it." He nodded towards the wall where the building was projected.
When Bucky woke up with his lovers on either side of him, he thought it was going to be a good day. He was fully prepared to lean over and kiss both Nat and Steve on their heads before leaving for the day... But when he leaned over to kiss Steve, his hand came away covered in thick blood that stuck to his fingers no matter how hard he wiped his hand on the sheets. When he turned to Nat, a river of blood cascaded from her just like her hair.
Peter started getting really confident with it. He put his hands on the wall in front of him and pushed back, looking over his shoulder and rolling his sinful little hips in a way that made Wade want to pin him down to the dirty ground at their feet and fuck him senseless. Peter combed his fingers through his hair and tugged on the ends ever so slightly, but it was enough for Wade to get the hint and grab a fistful of his hair. Wade pulled on it while he fucked quicker and harder into Peter, who couldn't contain his moans at this point.
And Wade just laughs and it's like music to Peter's ears and the sound brings a smile to his face and he has no idea why. A flash of memory provides him with an image of him and Wade sharing the small space of a twin sized mattress in someone else's cabin on someone else's dime and his cheeks flush a rosy pink that he can't control. And of course Wade notices, but for once he keeps his words to himself, instead opting to tell Peter that he didn't have to get him anything.
By the third round of presents, Peter already had a cute little pile beside of him. A handful of really good thermal socks, web fluid ingredients, brand new computer upgrade parts, and a belt from Natasha, because she keeps insisting that he needed one. Wade asked Steve to get out the top box in his bag for Peter, and Steve carefully passed the box over.
And the young boy- no, man- in the photo was long gone now too, his body traded in for a bigger and stronger version of the one he'd sported in the past. He briefly recalled a taller version of the man standing by his side during the war, touching his shoulder as they stood in the snow, kissing him as they laid in their tent... His memories clouded with gunfire and death, his heart falling as quick as he once did.
Even on the Quinjet, Peter didn't want Tony to come anywhere near him, and he seemed to overwhelmed by all of these people. He didn't want anyone other than Bucky coming close to him, which was a problem because he wasn't the guy that could bandage him up in the slightest. Not in the way that he needed. No Peter needed a real doctor, and Strange had already been alerted to what was going on and said that he could meet them once they returned.
He remembers spinning the lovely story to Steve about how he'd buy it for them and they'd spend their late nights dancing together in their tiny living room space to the sound of the old music. He remembers the day it became more than a story and Steve came home to the radio standing tall and proud and clean, wrapped with a single twine ribbon around the front of it, and the smile on Bucky's face. He remembers the first time they danced to the music together, awkwardly swaying together in the tight space they'd cleared to do so.
In the midst of her screaming, he could hear Wade talking. "Don't you worry Petey, we've got you. That's what family's for."
But he was also aware of nothing at the same time. He missed the way people were looking at him, how they were looking at Wade. He missed how worried Wade looked. He missed it for a solid two minutes when Wade pulled them into another alleyway and pressed him up against a dumpster.
"You really are good at taking orders, Parker. Granted you needed some motivation, but here you are, obeying like a good little soldier. Just like your dad."
Traditionally rings went on the left hand, but well, it was obvious why that seemed like less of a possibility for Bucky. But then Steve made a point to say that Bruce helped him make a ring that wouldn't be damaged by the Vibranium of Bucky's hand, and would also fit incredibly well. Tony, well, he looked at Bruce with wide eyes that seemed to say something along the lines of 'why didn't you tell me' but it was obvious he didn't want to make a scene, not in front of Peter.
Bucky trembled under his touch and let out a breath. He knew what Steve was thinking, but Steve quickly moved passed it so he wouldn't freak Bucky out any farther. He stripped himself and Bucky both from their shirts and he could feel Bucky's erection against his hip.
He remembered what happened the last time people listened to him like that. Half of the team nearly got killed and there was nothing he could do about it then, and now Nat is gone and there's not much he can do about that either, except...
See, Peter doesn't like hitting people, not really. But he really doesn't like being pushed around either. He brings his elbow back and it collides with Bucky's gut. "Let me go!"
Bucky, being the oldest of them all, took on a caring role. Once upon a time, he was also a brother, and that really showed through sometimes when he let it. As Peter thought of all of the people living on base, he couldn't help but wonder about the Butterfly Effect and where each of these people would be if it weren't for James Barnes.
Peter did nothing but watch as the frightened man pulled a towel from his counter and ran over. The towel was pressed to his arm and the knife was knocked to the floor. He could hear Tony distantly, asking him what he'd done. With a hiccup, he replied.
He was met with a photo of Tony and Pepper at a gala that happened over ten years ago, which led Peter to believe that Tony wasn't on his computer a whole lot anymore. It had all the same information that Tony's other computer had, but it was obvious that Tony hadn't put any effort into updating his background or anything of the sort in quite some time. Peter plugged a small chip into Tony's computer and a window came up.
New York was large and full of way too many people to count. New York City was even worse. People lined the streets, packed in close to each other and spoke loudly over the roar of the city.
Nobody knew the extent of Peter's nightmares. Nobody knew what he saw when he slept. Nobody even realized that Peter had nightmares to begin with. Not at first.
The tone of the voice on the other end changed when whoever it was realized that they weren't talking to Peter himself. "I suppose, who's asking?"
Well, lived with both arms that is. Sometimes Steve forgets that Bucky didn't actually die. Sometimes he wishes that Bucky would've died, just so he could've been free from all of the bullshit.
Plenty of people would be better off without him, he thinks. Except now he isn't sure. If he had died, who'd be here for Peter right now?
"Look at you, Petey... My pretty boy.." And Wade got a moan out of Peter on that one, which led Wade to believe that the only thing Peter Parker liked more than being dominated, was being complimented.
He almost didn't remember coming here at all. But the longer he stood in front of the glass, watching the man in red, the calmer he felt. He couldn't put his finger on it.
"Stark needs to pay more attention to this kid." Wade sighs as he scratches the place his eyebrows once grew.
"Normally I wouldn't condone this... But if anything escalates today, I'll take care of it for you. This is your first Christmas with us, and I don't want it to be the last." Bucky stepped into the small room and Peter hugged him. He was so grateful for Bucky as a parental figure, not just because of the way Bucky treated him, but because Bucky'd been treated poorly and he knew how to react to some things better than say, Steve.
Wade tells him that usually, people exposed to extreme torture have troubles remembering things clearly. In fact, torture can make the subject forget the information you want to get from them. It's not uncommon, but with the high levels of torture that Peter must've endured, it's likely that they were able to make him believe in things that were completely false or even falsify things that were 100% true. For now, they couldn't know.
Rumlow seemed almost pleased with the reaction and smacked the boy right on the open wounds on his shoulder. "That will cost you tremendously, I hope you know..."
Nat noticed that he seemed to be trying to rationalize what he did for himself, to make himself feel better about what he'd done to them, to Peter. He almost looked like he regretted it, but Nat knew it had to be a facade. She was ready to put a bullet in his head.
Peter can't seem to shake it... whatever "it" is. And neither can Bucky, though "it" isn't the same.
With Peter at school the next day, Tony made his way to Steve in the gym. Steve didn't seem to be too happy that he was there, but Tony knew that he was listening nonetheless.
"Peter? Hey, you may want to come and see this." Peter could hear the stress in Tony's voice, and it made him almost not want to see what he had on his screen. But he had to know. He had to know what happened to her, and if he'd ever see her alive again.
Peter blushed as he slid his hands up Wade's chest before leaning up to kiss him. Wade leaned back from the kiss, playfully protesting that there couldn't be kisses on Christmas without mistletoe... Then he revealed that he'd stolen the mistletoe from upstairs and Peter laughed and asked where it should be hung.
Peter came harder than he ever had, eyes rolling back as he clenched impossibly tightly around Wade. Wade was sure he felt his soul leave through his dick as he pulled Peter's hips firmly against his own and spilled his heavy load deep inside of Peter. Peter moaned louder when he felt it, and came again, but it was weak and the feeling sent Peter straight into being sensitive, but Wade wasn't finished. As he continued to fill Peter, he stroked the younger boy's twitching cock to milk out all of the cum that he could.
Once Bucky had collected himself, he sat back down, toolbox in his arms as he watched Steve pass out more gifts. Bucky was very content to watch rather than participate. He didn't even mind Peter and Wade cuddling up to one another like they were... As long as they were both here, he could keep an eye on them and make sure they stayed out of trouble, especially after what Natalia told him...
At first, the girl said nothing, greeting Peter only with a glance of the eye over his shabby appearance before she turned her full attention to her brother.
It wasn't as if he didn't already feel fucking horrible for what happened, but they weren't making it any better. They just chewed into him for over an hour without break, and he just stood there and took it in silence. There was nothing he could say, so he wouldn't try to defend himself. There's no reason that he'd try. He was a glutton for pain, and he deserved to be yelled at. He knew that he did.
He waited, anxiety only getting worse. He heard Wade curse before letting out three more rounds and then finally sighing into the receiver. "Petey! How's it going?"
Bucky stormed across the room and stuck the barrel of his gun against Rumlow's throat. "No, you're not dead yet. But you put your hands on my son."
"Don't you worry, Petey... You won't remember this later, we'll make sure." Peter struggled and looked back towards the little girl. She held a knife that was nearly the size of her little forearm. She was approaching, and as much as Peter struggled he couldn't get free from Wade's grasp.
Bucky laughed and exhaled heavily. "I've got it right here, Stevie... I told you I'd never lose it. How's Becca?"
Peter needed help, but he didn't want to ask either of these people for help, because he knew that they both had it worse. They were both literally tortured, and one of them turns into the goddamn Hulk. Peter's problems were nothing compared to theirs. It would be pointless.
Tony didn't really know the true extent of Peter's injuries until he saw the x-rays. And even then he wasn't prepared for the surface damage the fight had inflicted on Peter.
Wade was busy being on the lookout for one of Peter's parents. Though either Wade wasn't paying enough attention, or this guy was just that good, because when the man with the metal arm showed up, Wade never saw him coming.
Peter's brows furrow as he looks between both parental figures in confusion. "VX...9103? What, what does that mean?"
"Well that right there," Wade points to a collection of words. "That's NATO, it's a code used by the Army, Air Force, and the Navy."
He remembered a large apartment building and a door on one of the upper floors and he wanted to go there. The last time he went somewhere alone, he ended up not coming back, so it made sense when he made himself sit up and call for Wanda on his watch.
"I'm sure you girls are ready to go home, huh? If you've been drinking, let me know and I'll get you money for a cab."
He called out to the boy, who seemed to just be repeating his name to himself. What he was saying sounded eerily familiar, and it was only after a moment of really straining to hear the boy's rambling did he manage to hear him correctly.
When Steve got home everything was quiet. The silence didn't faze him anymore, he was used to Bucky being pretty quiet as is. He knew that the trauma made him even quieter. Bucky had yet to come all the way out of that shell, but that was okay. Everyone heals differently.
He wiped his face on his jacket sleeve before stepping into the doorway and peering into his dark room. Even though there was no other light than that coming from the bathroom, he could clearly see a man's shadow standing in front of the window next to his bed.
If Tony were drinking, he'd want Steve to take him home and rail him into next Tuesday. But he wasn't drinking, and he kinda wanted Steve to rail him anyways. The thought makes Tony shift in his seat and try to hide his blush with his coffee cup.
Vision was the next person to notice. He could hear Peter's cries through the wall, and if he flew across the base for the one person he knew could help Peter, nobody had to know about it.
But then again, if he completed his mission, then the girl would suffer that fate instead. She'd live her life knowing nothing more than torture and pain inside of a 4x4 room. She would never know love or gentility. All she would know how to do is be the weapon that they wanted her to be. She'd never know what she was truly capable of...
"But I-I don't... I don't know what to do..." Peter sounded nervous, but he also sounded frustrated by not knowing.
Wade thought Peter looked like a goddamn sin. His eyes were wide and he had spit on his pink lips. And when he pressed those lips to Wade's hardened length, all bets were off. Wade's fingers went right into Peter's hair, and the slightest tug got the biggest reaction out of Peter. It was simple, but it meant so much. Peter let Wade pull his head back.
Wade, who Peter could see hiding very obviously behind a bin across the street, could hear the pain in Peter's voice as he spoke, "I wish you could be here... But they'd kill me... And I would say you, but they can't kill you, can they?"
Steve looked up with a smile and Bucky glanced at Natalia where she stood in the doorway, and Steve looked at her too before laughing softly. "Do the two of you have some plan for this seemingly strategically placed mistletoe?"
Peter knew how to play the game. He rose from his chair, not missing the way that the assassin tipped his gun towards him, and slid over to the other man. He straddled the man's lap and as seductively as he could, said, "I want to see what they're doing to the masked man."
Peter felt kinda sad now, thinking about everything that he was missing since he moved into the compound, and as much as he loved it here, nothing really compared to home. He clicked away from Wade's text message to call Aunt May, who took forever to pick up.
Steve could hear the shake in Bucky's voice, it's a sound he hasn't heard in a while. "I came here once..."
When the sermon ended, Peter stole into a confessional and waited. He was silent, respectful. When the opposite side of the confessional opened, he took a shaking breath. He wasn't really sure how to proceed, but he thought he had a good idea.
He knocked a little, but the door opened before he was even finished and Wanda was there with a smile, Vision on her arm. They'd just returned from their date and they looked as happy as can be. Sometimes he wonders how they make it work, but he knows that's their business, and no matter how close he and Wanda are, he's not about to pry into her love life.
He tried to argue that he couldn't just leave Peter, especially now, but he knew that he needed to help them. Even though it meant leaving Peter for a little bit, he knew that Steve was right. He did know the Hydra Rumlow the best, and everyone knew it. Of course, he didn't like it, being the one they could call with a Hydra problem because he had "inside knowledge", but he supposed it happened to be useful sometimes.
Being choked by his jacket was bringing back the unsavory memories he'd just shook less than an hour ago. His eyes went wide as he flashed back to being crushed once more, suffocated by the rubble.
