"There was that store we passed, day before yesterday," she said. "The big yellow one? Some other visitors said it has practically everything. Perhaps a grocery run is in order."
Lifting a very hesitant hand, John patted her doughy, bare shoulder. “We’ll find her,” he said. “There ain’t a case Sherlock hasn’t solved.”
Was this guilt, the detective wondered. Did he feel responsible for John's death? Was the guilt truly justified, or was it yet another one of those pesky human sentiments that clouded a person's judgment? Sherlock suspected he would never find out. Emotions on a whole were an undiscovered country for him, and now was too late to start exploring. Could learning to express feelings, or at least to interpret them ahead of time have prevented this disaster?
"Shuh..."
Then another noise arose, though it came from the yard from which both hunter and hunted had run. One of the other criminals was barking out some unintelligible command, and the large brute turned, whining once more. Hesitating for only a moment, he lumbered off toward the voice, obviously obeying the call to return home.
Sherlock had clearly regressed to a much younger version of himself, and Mycroft, whilst aware of the detrimental long-term effect of regression, knew that desperate times needed desperate measures. He had time to worry about the damage to Sherlock's psyche after he had managed to subdue his brother here and now.
"Don't forget sun block," he said, both as a gesture to prevent a repeat of yesterday and an attempt to distract himself from his daydreams. Sherlock grabbed the nearby tube without hesitation and quickly slathered the lotion on, only to be interrupted by his friend's own hands, smoothing the rather sloppy application.
"Is he in any pain?" Mycroft asked in a muted voice. The graveyard atmosphere of the ward made him hesitant to speak up at his usual volume.
The only constant sound was the beeping and wheezing of the various machines surrounding him. The ECG monitor supervising his heart rhythm, the respirator assigned to take care of his breathing, the pulse oxymeter to measure the oxygen saturation in his blood… John was pretty well-versed in intensive care medicine himself, even though the conditions he was used to working in normally did not live up to this standard.
Mind palace, mind palace, he silently chanted inside his brain. But the more he tired to focus, the louder the hacking and sawing became.
“Fine, let’s go.” He was about to walk to the door, but Sherlock stopped him.
"You're the CEO of a multi-billion dollar company, John. People already think and talk and wonder about you, and not always in complimentary ways. Why's it so much worse to imagine people noticing that you're trying to be happy and healthy?"
Sherlock aborts the sip he was en route to and hastens to answer.
“No, I mean yes I do and your playing is brilliant, but I meant you.
98. Frottage. Against the wall. Specifically me against the wall, and you all over me.
"I'm planning on texting Marcus later to brag," Sherlock declares, just to make John laugh.
John Watson they're in company with, but soon enough the evidence of obscene wealth all around them is politely gotten over and
Sherlock pondered this for a moment and then hesitatingly repeated the order back.
John belongs on the table of elements.
me. Really actually loves me.)
“Shouldn’t have said ‘just’ actually.
"I need to tell you something," John murmurs, and he closes his eyes and leans forward, knocking his forehead into Sherlock's.
25.	Kiss me right after you've eaten a spoonful of honey
“You’re awake?”
"John?"
When John falls in love, Sherlock's buds shrivel and brown and die off. The crunchy little corpses are camouflaged well enough in his dark hair and wash away easy as anything in the shower.
"The ingredients you've been cooking with are of much higher quality than you generally procure. Even as concerned for my health as you are, you wouldn't have splurged on Bresse chicken breasts or pullet eggs. I recognize the tea blend as being one that Mycroft favors as well. He - or one of his staff - is choosing and financing the groceries. But they're not arriving in regular deliveries.
John settles into the other end of the couch - the better to keep an eye on him, perhaps - dragging the afghan down with his free hand and flipping a corner over Sherlock's legs. The already well-wrapped patient draws breath to protest that he'll be roasted, but then John shakes out the rest of the blanket over his own knees. There's still plenty of space separating them, but somehow it strikes Sherlock as intimate, this sharing a blanket between them, and he lets the air out of his lungs in a cooling breath over his tea instead.
could be more. I was the stranger  you needed, and a unique, an intriguing, exciting flatmate. I hope I’m a  better friend now, and all this is so much more than I thought I could  have, but oh God John, you make me
is your boyfriend!”
And yet there's a sense of need subtly but surely urging him awake.
"Little things," he continued, gaze drifting this way and  that as he reviewed memories. "A cuddle while watching telly or enjoying  a fire on a cold night. The moments where you give into the impulse to  reach over and hold hands for a second, or push away a bit of hair from  their face. Looking forward to a kiss hello or goodbye and being sure of  getting it. Or hell, a quick kiss for no reason at all. Just the  comfort of knowing you can,  y’know?"
"So what happens if Sherlock dies tonight? Will you still come to your next appointment?"
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes, and this time John closes his eyes and sighs in the manner of a man trying to come to terms with death.
Marcus teaches Sherlock a new, much more effective technique.
John couldn’t think, couldn’t process, couldn’t take in this flood of tears and begging and pain and love and he just
“What are you-- that’s not--  that’s got nothing to do-- I don’t
A simple phrase, but loaded, for them. The breath catches in Sherlock's throat and his face must do something rather alarming, because in the next moment John is rushing to recant.
"When I say so," his doctor says firmly, and that's that.
67.	Trade pillowcases with me every other night
John closes his eyes. Sherlock doesn't say goodbye.
As if this little ritual serves to transfer somnolence from one man to another, Sherlock eventually stirs and stands and starts pulling his layers back on, and John lurches up and onto the mattress. He wraps himself in expensive sheets and watches Sherlock pick up his gun or knife or taser or shard of glass half-wrapped with packing tape. Sherlock pauses by the dresser, picking up a wad of cash and any other supplies he's requested.
"At death's door with a fever of nearly 40 degrees, and you still didn't miss a thing, did you," John murmurs, and while he doesn't tack on a "fantastic", Sherlock does get to bask for a second in a wondering smile.
waiting," John eventually clarifies, picking the primary conversational thread back up. "But not for a way out. I was thinking your list of requests probably has orgasms on it somewhere, and we'd get 'round to it whenever you were ready to ask for them."
John  held his breath and waited, then had to empty his lungs in a big gust  and resume breathing. He watched Sherlock’s expression crinkle and  crumple and fold in on itself like Sherlock was attempting to implode  and disappear like a dying star, and decided to clarify and hopefully help things along a bit.
Sherlock’s eyes were wider, catching more  glints and sparks, and the shadows folded into his shirt shifted  uneasily with his quickening breaths. He took another step forward,  looming now.
"You're moving back in?"
John blinks and frowns even deeper, but keeps silent, curiosity begrudgingly engaged.
John and Sherlock with the two men currently occupying 221B, but before it can perturb him, he realizes what John's said.
“I’m disgusting. I want a shower and sizzling rice soup with chicken dumplings.”
” John breathed, and  this brought Sherlock’s gaze back up to his. A quick scan, and then the  detective smiled; a lopsided, shy little thing, gone in a flash.
Ah! Love! Perfect. Perfect, clever John. So much better at all this emotional--
I cut out a scene where Sherlock puts a kilogram of uncut cocaine on his shopping list and John...gets it for him. Sherlock's staring at the brick like o_O DAFUQ.
Sarah's blossoms were few enough to begin with, and they're simply left behind on the pillow one morning. The spotty brunette's blooms disappear during a crowded Tube ride. The one with the nose doesn't last long enough for Sherlock to properly tally the pale peach flowers speckling John's hair. Jeanette brings forth a rather alarming array of blossoms in a darker hue than most, but when she leaves, not all of them fall.
“Must you be so rom-com?”
at the dentist’s! What I am
(...)
“John?”
. Recollections of John's voice, memories of his writing on the cards; are they what's choking him?
“…Yes, it is…”
Sherlock slipped a finger over his mouth to quiet the already racing mind of the man beneath him.
“Oh my… John, this is too much. All I gave you was a book-“
“ I noticed once I first met you how you held yourself even in the moment that your ship was being raided by pirates. That to me suggests military, and if that wasn’t enough, your haircut along with the tan of your brow hasn’t changed often due to you working below deck…” He ran his finger along where John’s tan stopped just below his collar and sleeves. The touches caused a shiver to trail its way down John’s spine even in the relatively warm night air.
“May I… May I show you something? It is quite similar to a kiss, but it is more… intimate.”
“…Love him?”
The desperate twinge in his voice was enough to pull at his heart strings and he gave him another kiss and nod, then Sherlock was gone. A quick splash of water hit the deck and John watched his tail dive underneath the murky waves, then disappear.
“You know Captain Holmes; he can tell you a man’s life in half a minute within meeting them. Yet, he can also be completely unpredictable in the sense that, he did indeed change his mind. He’s seen Doctor Watson’s abilities and has found them incomparable to any other in line for this role, And I…”
"That would be..." Mycroft struggled to find the words. His eyelids hovered at half open, "Yes. Okay. It'd be okay."
Throwing open the door and tossing the bag of food items into the passenger side, Greg took a moment to actually understand the time that the clock read. “How the hell is it two am?” He muttered, turning the key in the ignition and throwing it into drive, “Doesn't even feel like it's that late.” He was muttering to himself. Maybe he was starting to go mad from the lack of sleep.
Now, he had somewhere to be and soon. His phone beeped demandingly from his jacket. “Yea, yea, just a second.” After everything that he had learned that day, the last thing Gregory wanted to do was answer a phone call from the Yard to handle another case. Hell, his hands were still shaking inside his jacket from seeing John in that well. The stench of the water still clung to Gregory’s jacket. And the child’s bones…
The DI smiled faintly and shook his head in answer. There was a lot on his mind right now, but Gregory knew one thing for certain, “No, he's better than that. He's a good one.” Sherlock stared at him.
“Not the man I think he is my ass.” Gregory muttered. He opened the door and immediately heard an odd, desperate keening noise that echoed throughout the otherwise empty house. He froze. That was a pained noise that made his heart twist unpleasantly. And that was coming from Mycroft. Jesus. That was not a sound someone should be making. Slowly, Greg closed the door behind him and started off to find where Mycroft was. “Mycroft?... Hello?” Continuing to call for Mycroft while moving throughout the house, Gregory wandered through the kitchen. There was an empty whisky bottle of some brand Gregory only knew instinctually was expensive and several shot glasses full of God knew what. “God.” He sighed. This wasn't looking great. He continued through the stainless steel fashioned kitchen and into the living room that was suspiciously empty despite the large leather couches. The wailing was growing closer.
He nodded anyways, head still spinning from the day’s events. Wasn't everyday he got a call telling him to go to some secret island in the middle of nowhere to rescue the British Government himself from a cell. Mycroft had been clearly shaken. The image of Mycroft whiter than a bed sheet and shaking horribly told Gregory all he wanted to know about what had happened. “Yeah, I'll take care of it.” He murmured back over his shoulder.
A few moments of useless wandering through various shelves later and Greg had an arm full of various teas and chocolates and cheap snacks. Mycroft probably wouldn't even touch those with his fancy umbrella sword, but Gregory had partially grabbed them to ease his hunger. He wasn't even sure if it was hunger making his stomach churn or if it was the fact that his nerves were eating him as he made his way to the front of the store to pay for the items.
The slurred words fell together as Mycroft spoke. A memory of disorderly drunks rose to the back of Greg's thoughts. Mycroft wasn't far from that.
"Alright, I've got you." Greg eased Mycroft over to the toilet. "Easy now."
The wailing halted.
Rounding to the passenger side, Greg grabbed the bag of various goodies. It was then that he heard the front door shut furiously. The noise of the massive door slamming shut startled him and he dropped the bag of tea and food to the pavement with a yelp, “The hell do you think you're doing slamming doors like that, Anthea?”
They stayed like this, one trembling and the other uncertainly still, for an amount of time Greg couldn't measure. Mycroft lacked the energy to throw up again but his body moved once or twice more as if the poor man had anything else sitting in his stomach. Greg stood by with one hand resting as reassuringly as possible on Mycroft's shoulder. Neither said anything. What could Greg possibly say in a situation like this?
Easy enough. Greg spotted the closet door on the other end of the room after quickly surveying around. He risked a look over his shoulder to check that Mycroft was steady on the bed before turning his back to open the door.
There was a stern look from Mycroft as he removed his hands from his face. Streaks of tears ran from his bright red, puffy eyes that were unfocused enough to make it clear Mycroft was drunk, “No. What are you doing? I didn't ask you what you brought.”
The DI almost stumbled from his car with a cuss. The drive had left his legs weak. The day had left his mind even weaker.
Molly continued, “Remember the end of that rhyme? The Farmer in the Dell? Don't let the cheese stand alone.” She set the phone down to get a sip of tea before returning to a still quiet and processing DI, “Greg, I think you should take the next few days off. Make sure you're alright and everyone else involved in this fiasco is okay. I'm sure the paperwork for this one will be handled by tomorrow morning, and discretely too, especially if the Holmes were involved, so you don't have to worry about that at least.”
Greg walked back towards his cruiser only to hear another officer, “Is that him, sir? Sherlock Holmes?”
"At least don't sleep with your shoes on." Murmuring to the man now dead to the world, Greg had just noticed Mycroft was still wearing the grim covered shoes from the day's events. He kneeled down, hands delicately untying them one by one and slipping them off.
Mycroft sighed, "It hurts. Stop thinking." He was staring up at Greg, eyes foggy and clouded, "You're worried, spefficallie about me. You're fine. It's-"
“Um… Mycroft… Make sure he's looked after. He's not as strong as he thinks he is.” With the sirens in the background and the helicopter blades cutting the air, Gregory Lestrade barely heard what Sherlock had said.
“That's a lot of guilt to carry on one set of shoulders, Greg. I may not be a genius like those Holmes, and I may not be on that island or at that house, but I can say that those three shouldn't be alone right now.” Molly paused, and Greg could hear the kettle whistle distantly. “Just a second.”
The government official huffed, folding her arms over her jacket that was probably pricier than Greg’s car, “I just thought I'd warn you.” She finally moved away towards her car. Believing he was free of her presence as he heard the car door open, Gregory headed up the stairs to the door, “Oh, Detective Inspector.” Greg paused, turning his shoulders to glance down with tired eyes, “Be prepared for the worst. He's not the man you think he is.” She gracefully sat into the seat, closed the door, and drove off.
The closet was as nondescript as the bathroom. Several well cared for and expensive suits hung in clear plastic, and a few subtly different pairs of dress shoes were lined up under the suits. A small dresser sat to the right, only with four drawers. A tiny note stuck to Greg's thoughts.
“You're right.” Molly’s words had gotten through to Greg. He leaned back in the seat of the car as the engine hummed. The whole event felt like something straight out of a SAW movie, and Greg couldn't even begin to think of what a complicated and logical brain like Mycroft’s was experiencing right now. The pain…. “I'll head over to Mycroft’s place from here and hopefully pass somewhere to buy some tea or something. Thank you, Molly.”
The cashier nodded, “That I can understand. Glad to see you're still around.”
The reply he got was a borderline delirious laugh. Yeah, Mycroft needed sleep. And a lot more, but sleep was one of the few things Greg could help with. He definitely did not have a degree that could help with some of the more mental aspects of what Mycroft was suffering.
With the sound of the line cutting off, Gregory put his phone back into his pocket and threw the car into drive. He had a bit of a ways to go before he reached Mycroft’s house. He just hoped he'd been there in time to prevent the worst.
Molly took a moment to answer and it was hard for Greg to place her voice, “I’m… Alright. It’s been a day, hasn't it?” She sighed, and hesitated, “How are they?”
Opening a bag of crisps, Gregory set them down in front of Mycroft, “Not stopping. And please, Mycroft, just listen.” Mycroft gave him a look, but Gregory continued as he remained silent, “I don't know what you went through, and I'll be honest, I hope I never have to. But you're not going to be alone. Your brother requested I be here, so here I am. ” He tried his best to keep his words kind without bringing up blame or what had happened. He didn't need Mycroft going into a drunken fit and disregarding everything Gregory had said, no, he needed Mycroft to let him help him. At least for tonight. “I've brought some snacks and comfort food. Molly approved.” Offering a faint smile, Gregory went on, “And I'm Sherlock approved. You can't be alone right now, Mycroft, no one could be alone right now.”
An uneasy feeling of being unhelpful rose along Greg's neck. Was there anything he could do in this situation? Sure, he knew Mycroft as someone he'd run into time to time or as someone who showed up having mysteriously fixed all the paperwork issues, but they rarely if ever talked about non-work related things or fostered any closer relationship. Maybe Greg had been too quick to offer his help. He felt out of his comfort zone, especially seeing someone who was usually well put together and untouchable. Someone distant. And yet, here Mycroft was, struggling to breathe between the alcohol and emotional trauma, and Greg didn't know how to help. Wasn't sure what to do. What was-
The bed was easy to find. It was a simple four post, quilt covered, and simple bed that sat against the far wall. Greg immediately headed towards it without taking in any of the room as the sooner Mycroft rested, the better.
Gregory sighed as he slipped into the car. For a moment he rested his head on the steering wheel while trying to rein in his emotions and reactions. It had started with Baker Street going up in flames and the disappearance of the two Holmes and John. It was strange enough that Mycroft was  gone after the blast as well, but the fact that not even Anthea, if that was her name, could find the trio added to the worry. Then Molly had called absolutely hysterical and going on about Sherlock being in danger. Well, no shit, Greg had been telling himself that after he'd arrived at the ashes that had been Baker Street. But he hadn't exactly been expecting to find John half-drowned in a well near the burnt husk of the Holmes’ ancestral house, or Mycroft cowering in one corner of a high security cell on an island. It seemed like the world has fallen apart under Greg’s feet without him even knowing it.
Welcome back to the Cheese Stands Alone! This is a rewritten chapter three that will better suit the characters' development I was hoping to pace for.
Passing up the stairway and by the portraits of Holmes Gregory had the pleasure of never having to meet, Gregory spotted a figure silhouetted by a single light at the large wooden desk in the office on the hallway’s end. Mycroft, with his head in his hands and a bottle of something strong next to him. Greg continued down the hallway, anxiety flooding him as if he was approaching a cornered animal. He hesitated at the doorway, the bag in his hand crinkling as he entered the room.
Molly hummed her approval over the line, “You're welcome Greg. Drive safe, and don't forget that I'm expecting a Sherlock in a boot next week!”
At least, for the last few minutes as they made their way to the toilet bowl.
The man across the counter started to fix up his unkempt and damp suit with uncertain hands,  “Sherlock… Sherlock should keep to himself now. You have no business being here. Get out.”
"If you're comfortable with it, I can get you something to sleep in." Greg offered with slight reservation.
"You're not wrong." Mycroft hissed it out as one singular word. "Fine. Go ahead." His hands dropped back down to the bedsheets.
Shaking, Mycroft hefted himself out of Greg's support and immediately slumped over the toilet bowl. Greg swore he could see Mycroft's bones trembling as he wrapped his arms carelessly around the edge of the toilet, head loosely held over the bowl. His back rose and fell without rhythm, and his breathing was broken by occasional hiccups or pained groans.
“G-Gregory?” Molly’s voice carried through the speaker just as shaken as Greg had remembered it being earlier.
“Yeah, that was me.” The bag of tea and food was light compared to the weight of the dread in Greg’s eyes. That hadn't been his best press release, to say the least. “I'd had a long shift before that and wasn't thinking clearly.”
“Sir?” The man behind the counter, a scrawny thing with a bear that was half grown, eyes dull and tired, was waving his hand back and forth near Greg’s face, “Are you going to pay?”
“Mycroft?” With an even voice, Gregory entered the room slowly. His footsteps were light on the floor as he crossed over towards the desk. He wasn't entirely aware of it but his heart was hammering in his chest.
The man on Greg's arm was ragged. Suit ruffled up, clothes stained with various colors- yeah, that particular patch was definitely blood - , and smelling of a mixture of smells that Greg associated with a homicide scene. That thought curled around his stomach, abrasive and barbed.
The trek to the bathroom was one more perilous than edging down a cliff side path with a three wheeled cart. Mycroft, despite having some degree of verbal capacity, severely lacked anything close to coordination or grace. Supporting the governmental official wasn't easy either. Greg found out that Mycroft's height and similar leginess to Sherlock made hobbling along difficult. One arm of Mycroft's was up over Greg's shoulder. The other dangled uselessly, occasionally brushing over objects in the hall for a little more support. Greg felt like he was trying to dance with a poor joke of a strawman.
"Lights off."
Thankfully, as soon as they entered the room, Mycroft spoke up, "Lights, on." and the lights flicked on. One less thing for both of them to worry about.
Mostly alive.
Despite Greg’s protesting of the time, it continued to move on. The clock flashed through numbers as Greg drove along the roads back to London and lost track of time. He virtually lost track of his own self, existing only in brief thoughts and mutters as he focused on driving safely back. Most of these rouge thoughts consisted of worries. Worries about Mycroft, Sherlock and John, John’s baby, Molly, the men and women who'd died in the past day from Eurus, and about the stability of everything around him. How could he possibly help anyone if he was in the dark on what felt like, at times, absolutely everything pivotal? What use was an officer who couldn't defend his friends and coworkers and the innocent from someone who could manipulate people with only her voice into mindless little bugs under her thumb? When did he become so… Useless? Meaningless? He sighed, knowing that his pain and frustration wasn't the main issue right now and went back to tuning out his thoughts with some older punk rock that brought back memories from before he'd been a detective and caught up in all this Holmes business.
The man looked up from his paper towards the captain’s voice and had the audacity to smile at him as if he’d done nothing wrong.
“Mm, I would not be so sure about that doctor. If you describe such a part of the body as the eyes in the way you have, it is not difficult to make the assumption that love is quite possible. Even if it has only been a few days, it is not unfathomable to see marriage as your next course of action.”
“You mean you forgot something.”
John finally picked up his phone from where it had fallen on the bed and held it to his ear. After a few shaking gasps, he was finally able to gather himself together to give him an answer.
“U.. Yes…”
Sherlock let out a small huff and walked away, after a while John really began to think he just left him on the floor to hold his wound until coagulated, until Sherlock reemerged with an emergency kit while looking like he’s just had a fight with multiple cabinet doors.
Sherlock let out a small groan and set his phone down on his table with a little too much force. “John, for the last time I’m not going to hurt myself. I am perfectly capable of knowing my limits on how to use it…”
The man’s head tilted at the question and let out a low sound that John had to guess was a chuckle. He then received his own question to answer in turn, one that he neither enjoyed, nor wished was said out loud.
“Sherlock, I don’t want you to give up your life, your friends, and family for me.”
Sherlock let out a small growl escape his throat as he remembered just how excruciating talking to him was. He looked up just when Mycroft took a step towards him, Sherlock’s sword was drawn quickly with the tip just barely pressed into Mycroft’s intricately designed waistcoat.
Both turned to look at him, equally confused by what he meant. “Where would we be going?”
While that would have been an unusually pleasant experience to see a familiar face in the wilderness of London, now was not the best time to see the man.
“I’m sure you could have done better.”
Lestrade could barely hold back his smile as he gripped John’s hand, a quick flash of confusion washed over John’s face as his arm was yanked into the air alongside Lestrade’s. “May I present, Captain John Watson.”
He had hardly sat down in his car when he felt his phone vibrate, and he pulled it out. He couldn’t help that same smile that showed up on his face when he read the text message.
He took a deep breath, his focus soon returned to cleaning his tools and placing them in their correct order. His mind quickly emptied by the menial task inside of the nearly silent room.
Sherlock stood up a moment later, looking the picture of the modern gentleman with how well the suit managed to compliment him even with how ill-fitting it was. John was just about to say so, when Sherlock exhaustedly moved over to him, his shoes still hung loosely from his fingers as he rested his head on John’s shoulder. His hand slipped into the comforting grip of John’s own as Mycroft returned their attention to the conversation at hand.
He turned his attentions back to his merman who looked back at him with a sudden worry in his surprisingly expressive eyes. He pressed one last quick kiss to John’s lips and hastily spoke once again.
Sherlock took the lead and followed the man up five flights of stairs on the side of a block of flats. John could only watch as Sherlock swiftly took to the stairs and was on the roof far too quickly to be normal.
“Hello sir, can I help you?”
He went to work attaching one side of his rope securely to the leg of the bed, a rough pull on it was enough to tighten the rope further and he moved to the window to drop the line down. It was just long enough to land around five feet above the ground.
“I am not the enemy here, John. There wasn’t any way for him to keep his past from you, I need you to know that.”
It caused another broken whine to escape Sherlock as he tried to turn away from the heat by burying his face within the safety of John’s shoulder. A sudden sound erupted from him that was less like a scream and more of a wail as his fingers set into a bruising grip on John’s shoulders, the urge to curl into himself and just die right there was so tempting. At least it would cease the violent ripping that seemed to run through every inch of him.
“But it still could happen?”
He let out a shuddering breath and looked away from him, unable to meet his eyes again as it was already enough to be holding his hand after probably months of hardly seeing him.
“Are you doctor John Watson?”
“What the hell are you insinuating?”
It all started when John came home from work one day, he was tired, mentally exhausted, and all he wanted was a nice dinner of takeout with his flat mate while watching crap telly.
He had slipped off his coat with ease and swiftly undid the buttons of his waistcoat before it was dropped alongside his other clothes. He slipped a few more things from his pockets, until he found nothing else that would hinder him. He slid back down onto the dock and felt the familiar cold of sea water soak into the cuffs of his trousers, and continued to crawl up his legs until he was fully seated in the water.
“My opinions changed about you, John. Yes, I may have been… severe with you, and now I know you are
He watched as this merman turned his head just slightly, as if he was confused by his response to this new discovery. This marvel of a creature was openly sitting in the public, when it could so easily be taken by someone with a less savory intent.
“Really Sherlock, this is just childish.”
The almost pained gasp that came from Sherlock’s throat quickly made John’s hand retreat to the man’s slim hip; this seemed to be a very obvious mistake as Sherlock’s hand quickly found its way to grip his wrist. Their eyes meeting fully for John to see the hungry, burning look in his pale eyes.
Sherlock took a slow, lingering breath as he nodded. With his hand linked with John’s, they both walked down the creaking steps and to the kitchen to order their food. A quiet understanding passed between them as their hand never left the other’s.
He never did have much of an appetite, perhaps that was just the case here. He soon turned back to John and gave him another smile as he set down the barely touched sandwich.
He let himself lean over just slightly, and fully expected the man to be exposed there as well, but what he found was nothing like he could have imagined.
“You don’t?”
He swiftly averted his gaze from him and attempted to calm the wash of red that had overtaken his face. The man didn’t seem to be in immediate danger, and the large fish he had seen before no longer seemed to circle underneath him, so he took this opportunity to collect himself before he turned back to him, and he had vanished.
John’s gaze locked to his bed as his fingers fiddled with a stray thread. “Nothing, I was just… exercising my muscles. They were sore.”
“My… you are a very brave man, Watson. How you survived this... You have a will of iron.” His hand lingered over the scar for a while longer, the feel of how Sherlock’s fingers slowly warmed against his skin caused John’s heart beat in his throat.
“Whatever you say, John.”
“Hello Sherlock, I apologise if I was late. I just needed to pick up a few things.” He gestured to the small picnic basket that he had set behind the both of them. John could see the interest Sherlock had taken to the small item, and fed that curiosity when he opened it up to pull out a small picnic for them both.
As they carefully brought sherlock on board, the crew was utterly silent while they watched the two men carry their captain in their arms to the infirmary, and shut the door behind them.
It went quiet except for the sound of Sherlock’s heart, which seemed to try to beat out of his chest. He could only watch as Victor’s face contorted from confusion to aversion, until it slowly returned to normal at the sight of Sherlock’s distress.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How… How could you possibly think that? I told you the first day we met I was clean.”
“Why? Dr Watson, I have never claimed to understand my brother’s choices, and most of the time I have not agreed with most of them. Yet, when I told him of the consequences of being with you, nothing I told him made him waver in his certainty that he wanted to spend his life with you. He… He loves you, and that may not seem like much to you, but we do not fall in love. You two are a complete anomaly to our species…”
He returned a small smile to him until it was driven away by the sound of someone that called out to him. John turned back to the voice to see the jovial and familiar face of Mike Stamford that came almost barreling towards him.
The ride home on the tube wasn’t necessarily a bad experience per-se, John just wasn’t a fan of having to carry the groceries with him due to the only stores open at this time were miles away. He didn’t give it much thought however, as the outing gave him the opportunity to explore the surroundings and people.
By 8 pm his head began to hang low and his eyes stayed stuck to the rippling water, his only movement came down to the slight twitch his tail gave when a curious fish came too close to it.
to take care of yourself.”
He let out a defeated sigh as his sight must have been going as well as his nerves. He sat back down on the dock; his cane mockingly laid beside him as he gazed down into the water that waded in against a barnacle covered pole. It must have just been a bundle of seaweed is all, a clump of weeds that were sucked away by the current when he looked away.
“Sherlock could you just
John turned his gaze back to the man and was about to give him a rather surprised smile before he watched a bottle Holmes had picked up to move, slip from his hand. He made a quick move to catch it, but was unlucky enough to have the glass shatter onto the table just as his hand pressed down onto it.
A small smile grew on John’s face at hearing that. He couldn’t be more relieved to hear that Sherlock was able to keep himself busy without work, he hated the idea of what Sherlock might get up to if he didn’t.
He watched as Victor let out a small chuckle and nodded.
Sherlock gave a small nod and John focused his attention on opening up the splint and did his best to gently slip his tail inside. He hardly noticed when Sherlock gripped onto the side of his shirt hard enough to pull it out of his trousers as he wrapped the splint around his tail and secured it.
John felt his heart nearly leap from his chest when he saw Lestrade calmly seated in his chair, his demeanor only causing unease as he rose from his seat. “Ah, John please sit. I wanted to… discuss something with you.”
“Well, if you know your limits with it, you could at least make the effort to take care of it. It’s a living part of you that you use every day and you don’t even bother to properly care for it like you need to! I know you make this point of not doing unnecessary activities until you solve a case, but you
The both of them had never been more thankful for the abrasive feel of the blankets to keep them warm as John pressed kisses into his lover’s ivory tinted skin, letting his hand trail down his stomach to take both of them in hand. Letting a small smirk claim his expression at the lovely moan that escaped Sherlock’s mouth. he quickly moved to kiss him, regretfully muffling the sweet noises he made as he began to stroke them both in hand.
The wooden door bulged outward and nearly came off the hinges as the navy men standing in front of it moved out of the way, the next kick to the door seemed to do the trick as it now opened outwards instead of inwards.
John could see the way the man’s nostrils flared at his retort, the way his fist tightened around the mahogany wood of his cane, before the flame that burned in his eyes eventually settled onto its embers. “No, I recently have come to the conclusion, as much as it pains me, that you in fact will not be tried for treason and hanged.”
“Sherlock, just call me Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, stop it! You’re going to hurt yourself!”
“Damn!” The curse slipped from the man’s lips in an exasperated gasp as he pulled his hand up. He looked to his quickly bloodied palm with small and large glass shards protruding from his skin, with the tension of his muscles only continuing to draw more of the vital fluid from his body.
“Very good, you figured it out. Now for God’s sake, tell me what possessed you to think you have ANY right to tell John that I in some way will bring him harm?”
His grip upon the dock soon loosened, and he fell into the murky depths. His eyes took a moment to adjust, and the lack of light hardly helped him. What he did see was the slim figure of Sherlock as he swam around him, similar to the way many people have described dolphins circle them when they have fallen overboard.
The man simply rolled his eyes and shook his head, a slight look of disdain glancing over his face before he could right his expression once again. “It’s a warning, john. If I were you, I’d find the quickest way off this ship before my guess comes to fruition.”
“You can, you’ve done so well this far. It will all be worth it, I promise you…”
“Excuse me sir, I just need to get past you…”
John took quick notice of the small flicker of challenge in the man’s eye as he spoke, a small smile grew on his face at the prospect of someone not immediately agreeing with him. “I have several regulations in place that are much more appealing than you are led to believe exist on a pirate’s ship. My crew is all given the same wages and rations, no one is favored over another and contrary to what you may believe, I do not hand out unnecessary punishments without reason.”
He was pulled from his thoughts when Mycroft moved closer to him again, a light grin that already began to turn sour when he came close enough to his shoulder to smell his cologne. “What is that?”
John couldn’t help but let out a sigh as he opened the cabinet to find where a brand-new jar of jam
The soft voice of the man behind him soon came closer as John felt a hand rest upon his shoulder, causing the man to nearly burn through his skin into a puddle on the floor. Surely this man could not know the extent to which his touches did to him, he himself certainly didn’t and they only seemed to grow every moment.
“Sherlock are you sure?”
I hope none of you mind that I add one of my own ideas into this request story, but I had some time between the lulls in submissions and felt I needed to give my audience something after a week or so without a story.
Although neither of them particularly liked the idea of staying in Mycroft’s home, they both were completely drained from the day’s events, and nothing sounded more appealing than a comfortable place to lay down and to sleep for the next twelve to fourteen hours.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment; his small pile of fruit was abandoned while his attention was turned to focus on his tail that somewhat drifted in the water.
“But I don’t want it to change… I… I liked it how it was…” His head moved to rest on his book and his body turned away from Mycroft, this welling pain inside him began to grow up his chest and into his throat. A constricted agony that hardly allowed him to swallow as his hands gripped his book so tightly, he thought he was about to rip it in half.
John could not help but recall the way Sherlock’s body had arched into his own when he first sunk his teeth into the pale skin of his shoulder and how tightly he felt his fingers try to dig into his back. If he focused hard enough, he could still feel them there; For a moment, he wondered if such an action between them was how merfolk mated for life, as the marks didn’t seem to leave any time soon.
“My, whatever have you been doing with yourself, Watson?”
“Fuc… I told you, you are doing crazy things in your sleep… just- no, Sherlock don’t touch it, it’s bleeding…”
“Thank you. Now, I’m sure you have something better to do than watch me eat.”
His free hand moved to run over the merman’s exposed back, possibly out of instinct to keep him close, and kept his eyes on the rock. They never left the stone or the person that peeked over it to watch as they laid together on the small, isolated dock in each other’s arms.
The men turned to look and gathered around in a small crowd around the two, curious eyes looking over them in enquiring gazes to wonder what the announcement could be.
He moved to pull Victor into a hug and could not help but notice the slight flutter in Victor’s chest when he did so. It could have been due to any number of reasons, but he knew the true cause. He never said a word of it though. He simply spent the time they had together after such a long time apart, until Victor sadly had to go.
Those first few steps with Sherlock clinging to John’s arm were filled with strife as it took a moment for him to understand the movement needed in every new muscle and bone that he had to learn. After he managed a few steps on his own, Mycroft reentered the conversation with the bag now in his hands that he unceremoniously shoved into John’s arms.
“Is this okay?...”
John only sat down once he noticed the slight shaking of Sherlock’s back; the movement was horribly unnatural to watch him carry out and it resulted in John’s hand resting comfortably in the center. It seemed to calm him slightly.
John could feel Sherlock’s grip on him tighten at Mycroft’s words, the complete lack of empathy he held in his own voice for his sibling did not help the sickening feeling that began to settle in his stomach.
“Why am I angry? How could I not be? You have absolutely no respect for your health and safety. What if he had managed to see you? What if he had told Lestrade?”
“I… That was amazing.”
A small lump grew in his throat as he hesitantly lifted himself onto the dock until he sat beside John, with enough distance between them should he be the reason for John’s anger.
His daily stroll that had been instructed by his physician seemed to draw all his focus to the dull pain that coursed through each nerve ending in his leg and never allowed him to see many more details besides the passing glances he received as he walked to find an isolated seat from prying eyes.
He took a moment to sit Sherlock back down before he opened the bag beside it to pull out clothes and shoes that were about Sherlock’s size, but the mere sight of them did not cause Sherlock to become any happier.
John turned his gaze back to the young merman that sat beside him, eagerly waiting to see his reaction, and a reaction he did receive.
He glanced behind him every so often, and he swore he could see that the breeze blew silky and ink-coloured curls into view from behind the stone that peaked from the sea.
The criminal then grabbed Sherlock by the scruff of his neck and dragged him up to meet face-to-face, his foot kept a firm hold on his fingers and they bent painfully to accommodate for the stretch in his arm.
It could have been due to the distance noise had to travel to get up to his room, it may have been the fact that Sherlock was more feline than human when he walked, but he was still outside his room. John never even took notice until he looked over to see Sherlock looming over him in the darkness.
Booksaddict, hopefully I managed to capture your idea
He was understandably relieved when he found himself with a break, stretching his aching limbs and went to open the window for some fresh air. As he breathed in the salty breeze, he took a moment to reflect on his encounter with Holmes earlier that day. How had the man figured out he had a military career? Had someone told him, or had he figured it out somehow?
I will happily accept multiple requests from the same person, as someone asked and I completely forgot to add it in
The usually morose expression on the older merman’s face was now covered with an attempt at what Mycroft most likely thought was understanding, but seemed more patronizing than anything.
John couldn’t help but feel like a puppet as he was maneuvered throughout the room, his body felt weightless underneath the man’s gentle caresses and breathy kisses until he found himself sitting on the side of the bed with Sherlock’s head between his legs.
“Do not. Call me that.”
He turned to face the direction of the naval ship that was attempting to disappear into the horizon, he quickly undid the latch of the telescope and peered into it. His eyes locking onto the wooden frame quicker than he would have thought.
“Oh trust me, I can guarantee you that will never happen.”
That managed to get a smile from him as his hand began to move again, his face moved back into its place of comfort within the crook of his neck. His fingers trailed their way to rest upon the marks he had made so long ago, that had never faded through every argument, disagreement, insult, or trivial matter that found its way between them.
Something short and sweet for the end
The delicately made sandwiches and fruits were almost artful and seemed not to be made to be eaten. It rather reminded them both of the almost idealistic paintings of food one would find in a renaissance master’s art.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
“It was truly nothing… I suppose it was just my leg acting up,”
It was how he had found himself in his current predicament, John was scaling the wall of his hotel, and just about made his way safely down when he saw the woman in black walk out of the building once again and approach the rope.
Everyone turned to the source of the outburst, which understandably came from John himself. He quickly yanked down his hand and tucked it under his arm as they became crossed. “Isn’t the whole point of pirate life being that you can elect your own captain? What even gives you the authority to make me Captain, Lestrade?”
“Mycroft please!”
Sherlock looked to the food and back at him, hardly needing to say anything as the look of disclination on his face said enough. The only response he received was another bout of staring from his guard long enough to break him.
He merely received another muted, pained cry that seemed to come from the very depths of Sherlock’s being. If he knew one thing about his little brother, it was that he hardly strayed from his dramatics long enough to bluff, especially when it came to something that seemed to matter to him so deeply.
He felt himself nearly leap from his skin when he looked into the water to see a dark tail pass underneath his reflection. The animal it belonged to must’ve been an absolute behemoth of a creature to possess such a tail. Perhaps it was a dolphin that had been washed into the dock, or possibly even a shark.
“Everyone, I have an announcement to make.”
“Hello Mr. Holmes, I have some good news for you. It turns out that your spinal injury merely caused some swelling between your vertebrae, which has caused some temporary paralysis and numbness to your arms and legs,” She looked up from her clipboard to see the arm that was already placed on John’s back, and smiled to herself.
He was forcefully gripped by his arms and thrown back into his chair before he could even get close to Mycroft, a scowl swiftly grew on his face as he scrunched in his chair and waited for him to open his mouth again.
“I miss you too, John… God, I miss you so much..” Hot tears began to make their way down his face as he attempted to keep looking at John.
(See the end of the chapter for
The snide remark he was about to receive was spared when Lestrade made himself known. Both of them seemingly have forgotten he was even there until he cleared his throat. “If I may be so bold as to interrupt this little lover’s tryst, we have to get going before anyone knows Sherlock is missing.”
He heard the man let out a few steadying breaths before he dared to look up again to face Sherlock. “I… I am sorry, I don’t know what came over me.”
“And why not? You have completely gone against your biology and have gone after someone who can give you nothing! He is unable to offer you anything that you have ever wanted, I cannot for the life of me understand why you would want him!”
It was rather difficult for John not to take in the way Sherlock had formed himself. The slender and long features from his tail had carried over to his build, where slight curves met with lean muscles to overall give the impression that he was around the age of twenty-five… From a doctor’s estimate of course. Whether or not that was true, didn’t seem like a proper question at the moment.
He decided to enter the establishment, as he had nothing else to lose. The light fragrance of lavender wafted into his nose as he stepped inside to see a vast array of trinkets and jewellery all over the store.
“That is a rhetorical question and you know it.”
John grew rather heated underneath the covers and he swiftly undressed the thin layer of clothing he had left, before he laid back down. The cold sheets were of some relief to him when his back pressed against them, until the cold rapidly died and the heat inside him began to travel lower than he needed at that moment.
Mycroft moved to sit beside him once again and withdrew a cigarette case from his coat pocket, the swift removal of one with a quick tap against the silver coated case and it was lit within a moment as he glanced back down to his aching sibling. “Convince me.”
being able to convince as stubborn of a person as Sherlock. He did not have long to dwell on it anyway as after John managed the task of teaching Sherlock how to actually put on a pair of trousers, he made his way over to Mycroft.
“So… You really did it. Just… Why did you do it, Sherlock? You never seemed to want something like this before.”
He was pulled from his thoughts when the familiar sound of a cane hitting the dock drew him away. The obvious tension he had built up in his shoulders seemingly melted away as he heard
Sherlock watched as Victor’s expression fell slightly before he gave his friend a tight smile.
John’s hands moved on their own accord to swiftly undo Sherlock’s own breeches, slipping them off his hips before they were kicked away into a darkened corner of the room to be forgotten. Sherlock pulled the two of them together to escape the lack of heat in the room, he soon slipped his head into John’s neck to press gentle kisses to his skin when he felt John lift him from the table and to his small bed.
“Do not talk to me like I am incapable of taking care of myself!
Mycroft didn’t dare make a comment on easily the argument was resolved with just a little convincing from John, or with the horrifyingly simple comment of
“John, be realistic. There’s a very high chance that whatever this is, is permanent and I won’t be able to walk anymore..”
“Are others aware of your attraction to the male sex?”
Sherlock stared at him for a long and painful moment before he gave him a small shrug and took another bite of his food.
“Yes, but if I
Sherlock merely gave him a small shrug, his arms naturally wrapping around himself as he spoke. “they tried; they weren’t very successful.”
The rest of John’s day was rather uneventful from that point on, only a few men came into the infirmary, and that was mainly due to them thinking it was still a storage room. Yet he had a few who genuinely needed care.
None of them caught John’s eye, they were either too plain for what he had in mind, or a type of metal that wouldn’t last long in the water. Finally, when he was just about to give up, he noticed a small chain that had the delicate detail of clasped hands that were connected by a gem in their fingers.
“I can’t even lift my hand, John! How, how am I supposed to do anything like this? I’m useless, worthless, I have no purpose without my work-“
Finally, he could stand it no longer, and drew John away from his place of attention, however much it pained him, to lay another kiss to his lips.
“Hello Sherlock, I apologise if I was late. I just needed to pick up a few things.” He gestured to the small picnic basket that he had set behind the both of them. John could see the interest Sherlock had taken to the small item, and fed that curiosity when he opened it up to pull out a small picnic for them both.
“I suppose we do need to get on with this.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle before he turned his head to him with a completely blank expression. “Which one are you?”
“I, I beg your pardon? How dare you assume such a thing about me when we are perfect strangers!”
“Sherlock just stay there, alright? I’m just going to get something.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt some of the rosy colour in his cheeks drain away at such a question. He had never given it much thought of how he felt towards John, although he never needed to. The physical reactions that occurred, the uncontrolled smiles, the reddened face, the quickening of his heartrate whenever he saw that man walk down the dock, told him enough. He had to admit an affection had already begun to sprout without his knowledge, and it brought another unrestrained smile to form on his face when he thought about it.
“Oh, come on John! You cannot just lay here and mope while Sherlock is on his way to prison or maybe even worse!” He walked over to the side of the bed and leaned over him to get his attention.
The next ‘incident’ came up not long afterwards, even with John’s constant begging and warning that seemed to come up every single moment he saw Sherlock’s fingers twitch.
He only seemed to gain consciousness again when Lestrade stood by him and touched his shoulder, which almost caused him to jump out of his skin.
He felt another bout of tears begin to well up and quickly swallowed them down when he heard a gentle knock on the door. “John, it’s Greg. Can I come in?”
“If you must know, I was convinced by the one person who
“I miss you, Sherlock. I probably have no right to say this after everything that’s happened between us, but I do.”
“You are not allowed to be alone with my brother again…”
“I was confident enough to know that it wouldn’t happen while you were here.”
“That isn’t the point! My point is that he’s different from the other ‘pathetic people’ that you group him in with. He cares about me, and… And I care about him.”
Again, do let me know if you tried to message me, or even try to message me just to see if I respond because this is becoming very strange.
“Ah, well if that’s the case we have a wonderful selection of necklaces and bracelets over here.” He led John over to the glass counter he stood behind and pointed to a few through the glass.
“Alright… I suppose- “He was swiftly yanked from the small shop and had to practically run to keep up the impression that he was not currently being dragged through the street by an absolute stranger. His cane trailed behind uselessly in his hand.
“He… For the past few days, every time I came here, he’s been here to meet me. He actually wants to speak to me about my interests, he wants to
John barely had time to shake away the numbness that ran through his arm when he was struck square in the jaw by Sherlock’s fist and he dropped to the ground.
The way Sherlock’s expression shifted, the way his eyes squinted, his eyebrows drew together, and Sherlock physically moved away from him at his words were some of the few expressions he wished he had never caused him.
It was likely half an hour before he deemed to open his eyes once more and prepared to return home, when his eyes focused upon an exposed rock that peaked from beneath the waves. He could hardly figure what attracted his attention, but his gaze was once again caught when he swore, he could see movement behind the boulder.
“May I… May I show you something? It is quite similar to a kiss, but it is more… intimate.”
I’ve had this in my head for a long time. Post season 4. John is parenting Rosie. He’s in touch with Sherlock but they aren’t living together. Sherlock is lonely and depressed and doing his best to hide it. He relapses and uses drugs. He miscalculates and suffers a stroke and is hospitalised (not total disability, but some impairment enough to require hospitalisation). John is called to the hospital by Mycroft. Sherlock doesn’t want John to see him “diminished”. But John is supportive and non-judgmental and just wants to help Sherlock get better; realising all he has been through and how lonely he has been. Basically it’s a hurt/comfort fic with (a non bossy, non preachy) John moving back into 221b with Rosie and having a chance to redeem himself. Happy Johnlock ending please. And Sherlock recovers. -ShakespearelovedLadyMacbeth
“SHERLOCK!”
The relief dissipated as he watched the criminal turn from where he was when he saw Sherlock catch the ledge of the building, and quickly made his way back over to him. All John could see was how the man loomed over Sherlock like a messenger of death, what he didn’t see was how the man raised a foot to stamp down on Sherlock’s fingers, and wrenched an agonizing cry from his throat.
I've decided to start adding little quotes that go with each chapter, I will do my best to add others to the previous chapters but from now on I will do my best to have a new one to fit the theme of the chapter. Almost like a little preview for you to read into
“If you would sit still for just a moment, you would understand why I am here.”
“Well son, you should make a full recovery by the end of today.” John smiled to himself as he finished wrapping the new bandages around the young man’s arm, patting the boy’s leg before helping him sit up and allowed him to make his way back to his work.
He felt a gentle tug on his foot not long after, and looked down to see Sherlock smiling up at him. He lifted himself to allow his torso to rest upon the wood, the effort to resist the urge to shove him back in the water or hold him in his arms was almost impossible, but was made attainable when Lestrade made his way over with blankets upon blankets.
The soundless voice that lingered between them as Sherlock made his way to the bed and sat down. His head dropped down into his hands less than a second later.
go back, I don’t want… Just please don’t let me go to a care home, John. I don’t think I’ll survive a single day in one of them...”
John took a chancing glance outside the window and thankfully saw the woman in black beneath the window had begun to make her way inside the hotel. The window of time he had was slim at best until she returned, and he took his chance the moment he saw the door close behind her.
It was now John’s turn to look confused at such a bold and brash statement that he could be so sure of. He took this seemingly obvious bait and leaned forward only slightly to listen to him. “And how would you know that?”
“For giving me another chance, you’re much more forgiving than you think.”
He descended the stairs as fast as he could and made his way into the alley where they fell. His phone already out of his pocket, he dialed Lestrade’s number just as he turned the corner and saw Sherlock crumpled to the ground.
“Ah, there’s our sleeping beauty. Now, how about you eat something?” He nodded towards a tray of food he had set on a table, along with a glass of water.
“He had beautiful eyes
Dr. John Watson could only a stand afar from the merriment as he hobbled along the boardwalk to avoid the unstable sand beneath his cane. He would have enjoyed the gentle spray of water on his face, but he had to contend with the salty smell of the sea from where he was.
Sherlock released a small sigh before he sat down again, and kept his gaze to the floor. It was only moved when John lifted his head to allow their eyes to meet, and they held that gaze for what may have been longer than necessary.
His judgment was proven correct as he found him on the quarter-deck, organizing a schedule for the day’s work.
“You know… You are much more like a cat than you would believe.”
“Well yes, possibly, why do you think you find so many bodies washed ashore that none of you can identify?”
Sherlock did his best to sit up and fix himself, his curls were a mess and his face was stained with stinging tears, but he managed to straighten himself enough to save some dignity he had left.
“Certainly sir.” He slid open the back of the counter took out the bracelet for John to inspect further. The intricate hands were made of a lovely smooth gold, yet the only thing that put him off was the dark, almost jet-black stained gem that the two hands held.
It was certainly a calculated risk to take, but something about him seemed… trustworthy to say the least. That was already something to John as there were no longer many people that he was able to trust.
“I wouldn’t know, those stories are whimsical and wildly aureate that caters to the idea that love is like a fairy tale. Are you certain with this decision? You realise that once you agree to it, nothing will be the same, you will have to sacrifice a great deal.”
“But… It is true, correct?”
He slipped down to pick it up, his digits traced over the thick and textured paper before he cracked open the wax seal to see tight cursive writing below the insignia of Parliament.
“Oh, good lord, this book… I’ve never seen an actual copy of it besides in my professor’s classes. Hardly any copies of this are printed anymore.”
“John, I am perfectly capable of getting it on my own.”
He set his bag down and swam over to him, his hands moved to gently cup his face as his thumbs traced along the outline of his jaw. He moved to rest his face within inches of Victor’s, and allowed their noses to lightly brush against one another. The simple movement seemed to ease Victor’s nerves as he gave him another small smile; a simple reassurance that he would be back soon, before he gathered his things and swam away.
“then for the love of God Lestrade, tell me!” He quickly rose to his feet and moved away from being pinned in the corner like a spider in a web, needing to have a breath from his irksome vagueness. “If you were truly concerned with the relationship between me and Holmes, then you had better give me a damned good reason to throw myself into the ocean and swim away now.”
“… Just something other than food.”
“Stop it Sherlock, whatever the hell you are doing, just stop it. Why are you on this again? I thought you went clean a long time ago!”
“You know very well that is not what I meant, Sherlock. I know how Doctor Watson speaks of you; I know how he feels. What I need from you is to stop hiding behind the way he feels, and tell me what you are feeling.”
Oh no, I am not leaving you with a cliff hanger on this one. Next chapter should be posted tomorrow :)
He let out a shallow breath as he felt the zipper of his trousers undone and he was motioned for him to lift his hips to pull them down. Sherlock instead took the opportunity to pull down his trousers and pants until the cold morning air hit the hot skin of his genitals.
“Alright, I’ll do it as long as this doesn’t become a regular occurrence, and if you promise me, you will try and get off this. Okay?”
Sherlock respectfully remained in his seat while John went off to get an icepack and some disinfectant. John returned slightly out of breath and flushed, possibly from the walk but most likely because of guilt as he sat down beside sherlock and placed the icepack to his head.
The crowd of men that lined the ship’s floors stared at them in silence as they made their way to the cross board connecting the two vessels. Sherlock made a quick stop when he caught Lestrade’s eye and nodded him towards his cabin, he wouldn’t move until he received a nod in return.
“I will be out in just a moment sir, just as soon as I finish up with this customer.”
He sat on the cave’s floor in front of a cracked mirror that he begrudgingly dragged to sit where it was, and fiddled with a few curls that never seemed to stay where he liked. He soon became fed up and swam away from the mirror, it was not as if his hair would stay the way he wanted out of the water when he spoke to John.
Sherlock let out a soft sigh and gave in to the pleading voice that John could muster. A few more of the gentle breaths touched John’s skin before his lips wrapped around him, and a shockwave of pleasure rushed through John at the feeling of Sherlock’s full bowed lips wrapped around him.
“Both of you, stop it! Listen to me, even if we did not catch him, we have still solved this. He ran, and like you said Holmes, there is no other possible suspect.”
This finally allowed for the reaction Victor had hoped for, that small smile was enough to calm him from anything else he had said. Sherlock soon pulled him into a light hug as he ran his hand over his shoulder.
He willed himself to remain the epitome of calm and collected as he watched from the corner of his eye this man sit down beside him, and he almost attempted to swim away, but he felt the urge to throw him into the water when he finally spoke.
“There is no need to explain anything, I am here to explain something to you. I need to make it noticeably clear to you that you are delving into something much larger than you are probably prepared to deal with.”
me. If any other person sat on this dock that day and I spoke to them, I would likely be dead or in a tank traveling across the world…”
I am most skilled with the ship of Sherlock and John, but I am not opposed to trying other ships in the show
“So… Do you think you could handle a child and a little girl moving in with you?”
Sherlock and John were laid down opposite to him on a settee, tangled and curled up within each other’s arms. John’s hand rested within Sherlock’s tousled curls, while Sherlock’s rested along the apex of John’s shoulder, having found its way through difficult ties and shirt layers to rest against the warm skin. Gentle breaths intermingled as their heart rates slowed to a tender patter, and they soon fell asleep without any care to the movement and noise around them.
It did its intended job however, as Sherlock was soon snapped out of his drug induced haze to turn his attention to John.
Sherlock he out a small sigh and stood up to stretch his back, his hand subconsciously remaining on his chair as he watched Mycroft rise from his chair. His grip only growing tighter when he watched his brother make his way to the door and pushed it open. “ready to go, brother?”
Sherlock did not sleep much that night.
He had packed up his computer and a cup that he had set on the table beside him, the trek upstairs and to his comfortable bed was so close, yet something stopped him. He wasn’t sure what it was, or whether it was anything at all that stopped him from moving from the side of the sofa, but he stayed.
“God… Sherlock, I have to go into work at noon.”
say that? It could just as easily say I’ll never move from the neck down again as it would say I will. Just… What if this is it for me John?...”
“What if… what if this isn’t fixable?”
Do let me know what you think of this story, I've had it in my mind for quite some time and originally wrote a few rough drafts of it in a request fill, and decided to add to it and managed to make a story from it.
Sherlock let out a small huff and smiled at him as he pressed the book closer to John’s chest.
The three of them made their way through the prison gates, glancing behind them every so often to make sure they weren’t followed. The trail of men abruptly stopped when Sherlock gripped John’s coat sleeve so tightly he thought it would rip.
John didn’t realise how long they had held that tender embrace until he needed to pull away for air. Small gasps for breath escaped him while the young merman gazed at him with a look that John had not received in a very long time, yet he very much enjoyed it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hardly felt the urge to sleep in that bed again after what he had just done, and removed himself to a small chair beside a lamp. The twisted shapes and figures that appeared on the wall beside him did little to calm his anxieties as his mind began to run rampant with nothing to occupy himself.
“…And what, John?”
“Where are you living now, Doctor Watson? The last I heard it was a meager hotel that you eventually will not be able to afford on an invalid’s salary. I can offer you comfort, stability, the luxury of a continuous flow of money without the need to work. All you need to do is sign a document that states you will not see Sherlock again.”
I will still obviously be creating new stories, but I will either wait till I have longer opportunities to post these in order to have them already written, or I will likely expand the time between each chapter significantly. All of your support and comments have just lit up my life in more ways than you could know, and I couldn't be more grateful to have found such a positive community on here.
He didn’t bother to notify Sherlock, as this was a very tender moment and he did not wish to interrupt him, so he continued to stare. Slightly red hair, pale skin, and scales that shone against the rock’s surface similar to Sherlock’s own peered over the rock with little subtlety. They were being watched and not with much skill.
“How was I supposed to know he would escape through an attic window, two stories up, with every other exit locked? No one does that!”
He didn’t need to probe for more context to know what he was talking about, as he was up on his feet and down the path of creaking stairs and to his bedroom. He took a moment to remember in his high where he had decided to place it; a few spins in the middle of the room later and he rummaged through his sock index until he found the small bag he was after.
The motion of John’s pistol seemingly falling into place in his hand, as if it was right where it belonged, proved him dreadfully wrong.
“Wha- Holmes!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Are you going to come with me?”
“Oh, for the love of… Sherlock, wake up.”
Either way, I do hope you enjoy and hope it is mostly accurate to what you had in mind. I may have missed a point or two, but overall I think it turned out alright.
A lack of air drew them away from one another until they rested their foreheads against one another.
Dr. Watson shows off his medical prowess
“And what would the alternative be?”
He let out a small sigh before he turned his attention back to the phone, took in a quick breath, and hit answer before he held the phone to his ear.
He never did have much of an appetite, perhaps that was just the case here. He soon turned back to John and gave him another smile as he set down the barely touched sandwich.
“Thank you, John. I needed that…”
“Wha… What are you talking about?”
“Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.” - Anonymous
“Ah, that explains why you are as thin as a lath and brown as a nut. May I buy you a drink?”
The End.
It was another sleepless night for John after he got home from work that he decided to spend on the couch. He was understandably hesitant about staying downstairs again after Sherlocks previous ‘incident’, but he was somewhat confident that everything would be alright. Since he had stayed up hours past when he was supposed to get to sleep, he never once had heard Sherlock walk around downstairs.
He lightly pushed Victor away from him, as much as he hated to, yet the pit of his stomach felt painful at his touch.
As he finally relieved his aching back to retrieve a needle and thread, he looked to see Holmes’ face with a small smirk plastered on it, a look that seemed infectious as John sported the same once he sat back down.
“Then… I suppose this mean you had a good reason?”
“Ah, of course. How silly of me. My name is Mycroft Holmes, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft extended his hand to him over the table and John quickly shook it as a man walked up to them.
He let out a small whence in hollow sympathy as he walked over to him to check his pulse, a small sigh of relief left him as he felt a slow but strong heartbeat underneath his fingers.
“Would you like to have it?”
He soon set the book down and went to lay down, this meant that he needed to help a small snail that had somehow made its way up to his bed, and set it on the small hole in the stone that provided a way outside. He soon settled into his bed, the gentle touch of seaweed underneath him settled his nerves for tomorrow before he drifted off to sleep.
It was just when John had slipped his hands to rest comfortably along Sherlock’s back as he watched the man above him go over each mark ritualistically, when he suddenly stopped and moved to press a hardly there kiss to his lips.
Also, different AUs and the like I am perfectly happy doing. If I am unfamiliar with the one you suggest, I will do my best to research and read similar stories with the AU to better understand and do my best attempt at accomplishing a good story
He was highly distracted; he will admit that. The lovely feeling of Sherlock’s nose pressed to his neck and tongue that ran into small circles on his skin was a wonderful interruption that he hardly noticed the movement from the rock where he first spotted Sherlock.
“John?”
He was pulled from his thoughts when a gentle tap to his arm returned his gaze to Sherlock, with a devilish smirk gracing his face that rather complimented his features. “Careful Watson, before we find that you’ve attached my hand to my shoulder and then we really would have a problem.”
“…possibly…”
John’s face fell at the mere mention of his current housing. It was true that the hotel was the only thing he could find immediately after he returned from the hospital that allowed him in swiftly enough to where he was not homeless for a few days. Yet, the room began to grow costly and with only so much coming every week, it was difficult to keep up with the steadily growing bill.
“Aren’t you.. Should you not be hiding?”
Holmes nearly choked on his food to hold back what could only be described as a cackle, as he turned his attention back to the doctor, needing to take a drink before he answered his question. “I… I must say it is feeling much better that I believed it would, doctor. You must be a master at your craft, as I’ve rarely felt an ache all day.”
“Why do you keep saying that? I’m not apart your crew, even if you didn’t just drag me off my ship and possibly murdered most of my crew mates, what makes you think I’d be so easily persuaded just like that?”
“I would never think to publish this, It’s merely for my private writings. What are you doing up so early? Usually, you aren’t up till midday.”
John allowed a slight rotation of his shoulder as he attempted to calm his voice enough to speak. “I’ve just been invalided from Afghanistan.”
“That would take a while to explain. come on, we need to go now-“
A small flare of Mycroft’s nostrils gave away the breath he had been holding back from taking as he moved closer to the two.
It could have been in absolute darkness if it were not for the bits of luminescent algae trapped in lanterns he had found in shipwrecks, that sat amongst the clutter of his home and allowed him to do the already tedious task of reading.
“Yet I can tell that there is something more that you’re leaving out.”
“Sherlock, you don’t have to do this for me. I am perfectly happy the way things are.”
Sherlock didn’t have to nod, and it wasn’t like he could. The look in his eyes told John enough that he obviously wanted John to stay with him.
“What if you can’t, Sherlock? What if you can’t protect him?’
John looked around to see the men do their best to run and hide from what was surely to come, while he only stood in his place, frozen as he watched the ships be pulled towards one another. The strenuous sound of pulling ropes and scraping wood against wood only deepened the pit that had found its way within his stomach.
Sherlock let out an indignant huff as he loudly scooted his chair out and stood beside john. It was somewhat amusing to watch Sherlock stare down at the food on the counter, as he never wanted to learn where things go in the kitchen and it wasn’t working for him now. John was just about to offer some suggestion on where to put a few things when Sherlock’s tail made itself know by handing its owner a packet of digestives, which he promptly placed in the overhead cabinet.
John kisses back immediately. Of course he does. It doesn't even take Sherlock by surprise anymore, that his affection is reciprocated, and his desire met and matched with enthusiasm. He doesn't have to remind himself that he can kiss, and touch, and let his smiles stretch as fond and wide as he wants. Blunt fingernails scratch their way up his back as John tries to draw him closer though they're already plastered to each other, and Sherlock thinks up dozens of new experiments on the spot.
distracting, which is why Sherlock loses the plot for a few minutes and just stares at his...his...
"Yes, well he hardly would have been able to build such a wide-reaching yet efficient management structure otherwise." A little footnote about the size and success of John's empire, and the bones buried under the verdant hills. There is a dash of irony in Mycroft's tone at the use of the word 'decent' to describe anything about Mister Watson.
“I… By God you certainly know a lot for never having been on the surface. That’s amazing.”
“Well, may I be the first to congratulate you on your engagement then Doctor.”
Lestrade soon raised his head from the ground to look at him, seeing the seething anger in his eyes at the implications he was placing against his first mate. The man that he thought he could trust more than anything.
He paid no attention to it, as he adjusted his shirt cuff and moved to stand in the living room between them. His mask of machine-like intelligence found itself properly situated as his back faced John while their client stood to greet Sherlock.
“Sherlock pleaseee stop talking about REM. You sleepwalk, did you know that? You’ve been hopping over the furniture, gripped by arm with some strength I didn’t even know you had, and you said you love someone so that’s eclipsing every other time this has happened.”
Sherlock kept up this small charade for longer than he wanted, even going as far as to suck on his thumb while the man got off on his knee between his legs. It all came to a head when he tried to lean in and bite Sherlock’s neck, to leave a semi-permanent mark on him to prove this disturbing interaction actually occurred.
Good lord, could he sound anymore depraved?
John let out a small sigh as he allowed Sherlock’s hands to continue its path to touch every strand on his head.
“Yes Sherlock?”
He was highly distracted; he had to admit that. The lovely brush of Sherlock’s nose pressed to his neck and a tongue that drew small circles on his skin was a wonderful interruption that he hardly noticed the movement from the rock where he first spotted Sherlock.
“Oh… well you’re not like that.”
John was hauled through the street and back in through the hotel door where he was crudely dropped into one of the many chairs in the foyer. He would have noticed the complete lack of other people that normally lingered within the room, if it were not for being surrounded by Mycroft and his men.
The front door to 221B was slammed behind them as they made their way up the stairs, Sherlock silently walked to his room when they made it inside their apartment with John not far behind.
“I do wish you could come home with me.”
John let out a small groan and rolled over to face him, rage already building up in him. “And why would you think that I could do such a thing? I can’t do that, I’m just a doctor, I can’t accomplish what you’re asking of me. Sherlock just said so himself!”
“I realise that I don’t even know your name.”
“Good morning Mr. Holmes my name is-“
. There was nothing he could say, but he would do anything to help.
Greg eased Mycroft down onto the bed with care one might reserve for handling a downy chick. He sat him up, gently, and Mycroft gazed at him with a befuddled expression but no comments on the situation came. The now slightly less than warm washcloth was then used to carefully wipe away the sweat and grime from Mycroft's face. Mycroft said nothing, only watched Greg with surprisingly steady eyes. When he had finished that, Greg pulled back to set the cloth down on the nightstand.
It opened silently. There was no doubt it was well oiled and prepared for visitors. The driveway up to the looming mansion was typically one that Greg took when worried for Sherlock, not Mycroft, or when Mycroft called him up for their bimonthly meetings.
“Yeah, it's me.  How are you doing?” Running a hand through his hair, Greg’s eyes wandered to the helicopter that lifted off with who was apparently the third Holmes, who happened to be the reason behind this entire mess. He shook his head.
Mycroft garbled a few words along the way. Unable to catch most of what he was saying, Greg nodded along, trying to hold the man up and keep that mind of his churning as much as he could on things other than the previous twenty four hours. Greg couldn't be entirely sure Mycroft was even speaking English. Actually, he doubted it. The sounds were wrong. Like everything else about the past day.
“No filter and you still call me Detective Inspector. It's Greg.” Slowly, Greg lead them step by step around the desk, “Not Gavin. Definitely not Gavin.”
Mycroft stirred awake. He blinked groggily, head turning to look at Greg, "I'm perfectly able to..." Greg watched as Mycroft's hands pushed down into the bed so that he could lift himself up to sit again. That lasted a limited amount of time as Mycroft stopped once he realized he lacked the strength or energy to sit up. "Fuck it..."
Passing by the various portraits of Holmes long since passed and decor pieces Greg thought might be worth more than his year's salary, the pair made a competent enough partnership to make to the bathroom. Greg only knew it was the bathroom because Mycroft limped towards it with urgent energy. The door was nondescript and with its heavy oak trim, definitely didn't strike Greg as a bathroom until they had passed through the doorway. Any other time and Greg might've poked fun at needing that many knobs for a shower, or that the sheer openness of the bathroom made it feel like a stage than a place for privacy. Time to look around at Mycroft's taste in bathrooms was limited. All Greg had time to register was that it smelled too sterile to be lived in.
Nodding, Mycroft barely managed to lift his head up to meet Greg's eyes, "I agree." He leaned back, and Greg had seconds to move to keep Mycroft from slamming backwards into the tile floor.
“No. And no.” Gregory huffed, “Your brother is concerned for you, even after everything. He didn't want you to be alone right now. I don't-“
This chapter has been rewritten to better suit the characters and a more solid, less chaotic plot line. I've returned to it a few years after I got frustrated with how it was going so now I've decided to push forward and write a much more coherent and well built fix it story. Thank you for giving it a go!
Redialing, Greg rested his head on his hands on the steering wheel. This call was just one more thing to get off his plate before he could lay down and not feel as if he was standing on unsteady ground.
You may notice that a majority of the story has been deleted and is being rewritten. Moriarty will not be a part of this story, but there will be some overarching action and smaller cases along the way to keep things moving. Other than that, I want to give the story the wrap up and recovery it needs.
There was a clattering on the other end, “Hey, I'm back.” Molly resumed speaking and Greg listened as he watched the officers remaining on site mill around, “As I was saying, those three shouldn't be alone. John and Sherlock have each other,  but who has Mycroft got, Greg? The writing on the wall? Look,” She paused for a moment, as if gathering her thoughts. Greg wondered exactly where this was going, “He needs someone like you. You helped Sherlock, of all people, get off the street and stabilized him. You have a way with people, like I have my way with the bodies-“
Gregory had a deadpan expression on his face. The day had worn him to the bone, and he still had another half hour to drive before he reached Mycroft’s. “Thanks. Have a good night.” Waving a brief, slightly cold, goodbye, Greg left the station and headed out to his car in the crisp night air.
"Where are your pajamas?" Did Mycroft even call them pajama? Or did the man just sleep in his suits?
No reply came for a minute. Mycroft hummed, his pitch wavering, then answered, "Second door on the right."
"Got-" His words caught in his throat when he saw Mycroft had eased back down onto the bed. Sleep had taken Mycroft down swiftly. Greg sighed softly.
Gregory snapped from his thoughts, “Oh, yeah, sorry.” He set the tea containers and the comfort food on the counter. As the items were rung up, he dug through his coat pocket for his wallet, drawing out the worn leather bound wallet after almost removing the various trinkets that had accumulated there. He set the cash for the items on the counter  as the total cost appeared. The cashier didn't hesitate in taking it, ringing everything up, and then sorting out change for the tired, worn DI. Recognition flickered in the cashier’s eyes, “You're that bloke that works with Sherlock Holmes aren't you? Not Watson… But the Yard? Lestrade?” Greg paused in grabbing his items from the counter. It wasn't often someone recognized him. “You told people not to kill themselves, yeah? In that ridiculous-“
The line was quiet for a moment but when Molly spoke next, Greg could hear the trace of her smile in her voice, “Thank you, Greg. I'll put it on the calendar for next Monday, and I'll make sure to have the time open in the morgue.” Greg chuckled, but Molly continued, “Speaking of Mycroft, what happened to him? He's alive, right?”
Once again taking Mycroft up, Greg held him carefully to his side while he flushed and closed the toilet. Mycroft stayed quiet when Greg grabbed a folded washcloth from a cabinet, and he didn't comment as Greg started the sink faucet and let the water warm. Greg could've set Mycroft down in his bedroom and returned, but his anxiety around Mycroft's state kept him from leaving the other alone.
Pausing, Greg glanced back to the detective, then to the officer, “Fan, are you?” He asked, curious as to why the question was asked. Sherlock  stood out like a sore thumb and it was hard to miss him or mistake him for another.
It took Gregory a moment to process it, but between the sickened look to Mycroft’s pale skin, and Mycroft’s wording, it only took Greg a second to cross around the desk to Mycroft and offer a hand, “Okay, yeah. I got that message. Let's get you down the hallway before you ruin the carpeting.”
Finding the door closed presented a challenge. With one arm quite occupied and the other slightly occupied, Greg had only one option. He slung the washcloth over his lower arm, then turned the knob and used his foot to push it open. The door was surprisingly heavy for a bedroom and Greg fought against it as he shuffled Mycroft into the darkened room.
Gregory stood across the desk from Mycroft who had still refused to lift his head from his hands. He set the bag down carefully, emptying the contents one by one. He named them off as he did so, “Three things of different varieties of teas, crisps, some Lindt chocolates, Cadbury chocolates, Maltesers, and Jammie Dodgers. Wasn't sure what to grab, but I’ll have to get you some water too. Then some pills for that headache that's going-“
"What?"
The room sunk into darkness. Weak sunlight speckled along the walls.
Gregory nodded even though something nagged at him saying Molly couldn't see it, “We found him in a cell on Sherrinford. He's… Worse than I've ever seen him;  even the day after Sherlock’s death wasn't this bad for him. Sherlock told me to go watch him. Make sure things were okay. He kept saying he had five peoples’ blood on his hands, and there were five bodies. He's blaming this entire shit storm on himself. And it isn't his fault… They were manipulated.”
Holding back an exhausted sigh, Greg caught Mycroft and hefted him upwards, "Warn me before you try a trust fall next time, Mycroft."
The question took Gregory by surprise, “They're… Alive. John was in a well that had a child’s bones in it. He’s shaken up, drenched, and it seems Eurus tried to drown him to get to…” He trailed off. Molly had told him about the phone call, what Sherlock had done to her, what had been said. Those were not words someone could take back.
“Lady Smallwood, I'm sure you couldn't talk sense to a dog. Now, I've got a friend’s brother to check in on, so if you wouldn't mind moving out of the way…”  Gregory really wasn't in the mood for this right now. Lady Smallwood didn't move. It really wasn't Gregory’s day.
“I don't have a choice in this, do I?”’ Glancing up at Gregory, Mycroft’s eyes wandered to the opened bag of crisps sitting just a few inches from him.
Mycroft muttered a reply, "Mn aight. Mn l'ight."*
"Your thinking hurts." Mycroft's voice cut through the rising panic in Greg's throat.
“It’s not creepy! It's a bit forwards, but you can't deny that he needs a shoulder to lean on right now. If I was in his situation, I'd want someone there for me. Even if it was just a cheap drink- Wait, no, forget the drinks. Alcohol and emotions don't mix well.” Molly laughed uneasily, as if she'd told a bad joke and Gregory felt a pang of concern. “Bring over some tea from your apartment, maybe some food and just check in on him. You don't need to press the subject, annoy him for details. That's not you anyways. Why worry about something I know you'd never do?”
Gregory was quiet. She was right, and he knew it from his greyed hair to his worn three days straight socks and aching feet.
“You can say his name, Greg. It was, in the end, a code.” More uncertainty. Gregory shut his eyes for a moment. Maybe if he shut them long enough, he'd wake up from this nightmare.
"Sounds good to me." Greg led the way down the well furnished hallway. Most other times he would have been worried about the water dripping from the washcloth onto the expensive carpeting, but his mind didn't register the thought.
Mycroft seemed to have something on his mind as he hesitated in replying for a moment. He sighed, and nodded weakly, “I hate admitting this. Drinking makes my mouth move to every thought I have, like I've lost a filter.” He grumbled and eyed the crisps with a nauseous expression that made Greg’s stomach even churn, “I need help getting to the bathroom.”
Greg nodded, "If anything hurts, tell me."
Two hours later, Gregory had finally come across a store along the way to Mycroft’s. He sighed in relief as the lights illuminated the inside of his car and he pulled up slowly. There was a single man behind the counter inside and the entire place looked a little run down, but there was enough in stock to provide Greg a few minutes’ relief from the road.
Unbuttoning the shirt was the easiest part. The difficult part was gently moving Mycroft as needed to slip the dirtied piece of clothing off. Greg was reluctant to move Mycroft too much, as the man continued to brush in and out of consciousness as they continued, but the task was complete fifteen minutes later. Dressed in clean clothing, Mycroft shifted and turned to lay comfortably without any further words.
"The day at Bart's wasn't the worst day of my life. Wasn't your funeral, either. It was the day the shock and disbelief wore off and I realized that it was true; you were gone. It...I was...well, things were messy, for a long time."
(The rest of your life.)
It occurs to Sherlock - accompanied by the impulse to smack himself on the back of the head for being so thick - that John must need to tell the tale for his own sake as well. Since the unfairy-tale ending, he's been entirely wrapped up in Sherlock's recuperation and completely isolated except for brief interactions with Mycroft's security detail. There has to be a mess of love and loss and gratitude and self-recrimination all tangled up inside him, and after spending his time and talents and energy in taking care of Sherlock, there's been no one for John to turn to, no one to care for him in turn.
John squinted at his flatmate.
"--it's just pain, it's just a stupid law, it's just transport, it's just one person, I can do it, just a few, just
"Sorry, almost done, just..."
"Someone's coming. Take this. Crouch down in front of the sink."
“THAT’S NOT WHAT I’M ANGRY ABOUT SHERLOCK!”
I had your official file and your unofficial one, and I'd pieced together even more from Google. But with all this, you still got past my defenses, and tricked Agent Halstead into breaking cover. Even after realizing that we'd revealed our vulnerabilities, I found it hard to re-categorize my darling new friend Shezza as a threat to our safety and freedom, possibly our lives. On the other hand, I'm a hacker. Destroying what I have to in order to protect what I need to is nothing new. I pride myself on being pragmatic.
He seems to have stumbled across a signal of some sort, like spouting gibberish but accidentally speaking a word or two in an unfamiliar language. John...does something. Presses in harder, draws him in closer, moves his mouth in a way that reminds Sherlock of biting but without any teeth, of clawing but only with fingerpads. Of devouring.
Others...oh. They're like the touches they've been sharing all day.
Sherlock hides a probably inappropriate grin in John's shirt, and feels rather loved.
and he can see the picture they make. John wavering in the doorway and Sherlock poised and ready on the sofa, watching, anticipating, yearning.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Or his volume.
They're doctor and patient and nothing else for now, and it's both excruciatingly painful and a profound relief. Establishing such restrictive boundaries highlights everything they've lost (everything he sacrificed, hoping to save it) but also makes it very clear where the safe zones are between them. With everything they've not yet had a chance to say to each other, it's actually reassuring to live between buffers and bumpers and rules for once, unwary of triggering an accusation or acrimonious reproach.
Sherlock's so thrown - thrilled, broken, hopeful, devastated - that he can't immediately recall what request he's made, and for a horrified split-second wonders if he'd actually written down his eighty-three and hundred twenty requests (1. Kiss me.) and accidentally given them over along with his actual message. But then he remembers, and John elaborates anyway.
John actually looks a little relieved at this.
Final chapter will be up some time this week~
Perhaps he should work on a conlang to address this issue.
And speed.
“That was
It's almost a surreal mental image. Sherlock can't quite reconcile
John, bless him, understands all this disjointed babble, and Sherlock is soon equipped with a pen, some blank index cards, and the Royal Horticultural Society's A to Z Encyclopedia of Garden Plants to use as an impromptu writing desk. But writing with John
by picking up the notecards, they circle his wrists instead. Beneath their interlocked arms, the cards are now pinned down and most of the writing covered. The emotional time bomb hasn't been disarmed, exactly, but Sherlock finds he can breathe much easier now, and gathers enough courage to look up.
"It was like this flat," John says, setting off on a tangental path. "When you were gone, I couldn't bear living here anymore. And once you were back, I couldn't stand
89. Show me your favorite porn vid; I'd like the insight (I'm assuming it's the one you've viewed the most, but I'd appreciate confirmation)
bedroom now?) John grins down at him, fond and amused and perhaps a smidgen proud at this daring invitation.
Baby steps, he reminds himself, and picks up the pen again.
“Mummy?” he asks, confused and not liking it. Uncertain, and uneasy because of it.
and wished that he
enrichment team, as we are both in this relationship as well as caretakers of it."
The doctor leans over to pick up the med kit on the floor before standing, and with a soft breath of relief, Sherlock begins squirming out of his garment. Just a routine check, then. He deliberately tries not to suss out the reason for the stern look upon the other man's face, not wanting to risk irritating his physician with inattention.
To his surprise and gratitude and slight consternation, John does not leave him to shower in peace and solitude. Sherlock is handed a sudsy loofah which he immediately puts to work, sighing happily at the scratch of synthetic fibers and the scent of expensive bath gel. He's been kept scrupulously clean since his return, but he still needs to scrub a layer or three of skin off before he'll feel properly refreshed.
DVD Commentary: The psychologist's first name is a nod to Ella, John's therapist in BBC's "Sherlock". Her last name is a nod to Faye Dunaway, the actress who played the psychologist in the 1999 remake of "The Thomas Crown Affair". The "man who really doesn't want to be there and refuses to reveal anything helpful" and "therapist who knows exactly the sort of douchecanoe he is and doesn't bother wasting her time trying to help someone who doesn't want to change" dynamic between Pierce Brosnan and Faye Dunaway was my inspiration for this chapter.
“Sherlock? Um, listen. I need to ask you something, and–”
. It may be the worst tragedy the UK has ever witnessed. It may also be the only thing stopping Sherlock from dropping dead of shock (92%) and joy (8%) right there on the couch.
"Whatever it is in that folder, I'm not interested," Sherlock declares, and settles into his chair with a crinkling package of chocolate biscuits held to his chest.
(Why are there firearms in the furniture?!) Sherlock's heart rate ratchets up yet again as he wonders how he'd missed reasoning out their existence. How many other details has he missed in the past few weeks? Had he missed anything important in the past two years?
...and it's his reputation for being heartless that saves them both.
Sherlock hummed contemplatively and  John thumbed through his book, trying to pick up the dropped thread of  the plot until interrupted by another question.
He freezes in the hallway.
“If they were all equally effective I was simply going to mix them all together for the second round of experiments,” Sherlock continues, “which would have been to test for the lowest effective volume against the usual dosage administered in assault cases.”
Catching his breath is a bit of a struggle, but a pleasant one; the mental equivalent of a runner's high, perhaps. After such a period of inactivity his stamina is nil, but finding that he can still accomplish a quick deductive dash in fine form - and most importantly, put that admiring grin on John's face - is a joy.
know, in point of fact,” Sherlock said. “I’ve only shammed romance for cases.”
"I'm not ready," he clarifies, small voiced and shamefaced. Where had John found the courage to read his beautiful note aloud? Sherlock cannot even bring himself to talk about it without squirming. "The...the note is finished, but I..."
He can wear
Now everyone wave as Irene - the tall, slender brunette with cheekbones to die for - sails off into the sunset with her short, fair-haired lover with the military background. Are you watching, Sherlock? Are you paying attention?
Sherlock sucked in a quick, startled breath, then broke down on the exhale.
"Starving," John replies, without missing a beat.
“Am I really your best friend?”
one out, but it had been more on principle than any real hurry. He'd capitulated almost immediately at John's explanation that he wanted to thoroughly enjoy each step they took together, instead of rushing through any part of it.
Now that he's awoken again, Sherlock wants to stay that way, but just as John predicted (ordered, yes Doctor, yes
“You’ve proved my point!” he declared, somehow combining an exasperated tossing up of hands and angrily delighted smile. “I needed you with me, as always, and you were
"The anger's not the problem, John. The anger's natural. You don't eat; you get hungry. You remember mistreatment; you get angry. You have to decide if you want to use your time and energy wishing you could change things that've already happened, or if you'd like to be more productive with the time you have left on this planet."
As far as proofs go, it's not exactly something that would stand up in court. The impulse to show his writing to bolster his side of the debate is not entirely without merit, however. People tend to believe what's written down. It is a habit acquired as soon as c-a-t is taught to be synonymous with the drawing of a kitten, reinforced throughout one's school years, and subsequently bolstered and taken advantage of by the media. Sherlock has scribed his guilt onto paper; igitur verum.
Fanart by Myriath! (
John is looking over his shoulder, teetering like he's about to fall forward again and continue on his quest for a quick supper. But at this simple expression of gratitude he turns back and smiles, then makes aborted little movements like he wants to both go and cook dinner but also return to the couch, and keeps making up his mind differently every half-second.
"No, but you did miss a little detail," John notes, still relaxed but now with a hint of teasing. It draws Sherlock's mouth into a pout even while he sags a bit with relief.
John, despite the many ways in which he is ordinary, had proved from the very beginning of their acquaintance to be the perfect complementary component to Sherlock. He provides a sturdy foundation and a blank background, conducts light despite not being luminous himself, is a dull grey whetstone upon which Sherlock can sharpen his mind. How could it have taken them both by such surprise that he would also turn out to be an equally powerful reagent when it came to Sherlock's heart?
He remembers a Nokia 97 pulled from a jacket pocket, and smiles.
John laughs and calls him a git, and all Sherlock can do is try to keep this ridiculous amount of happiness in his chest from causing him to explode. It's the relief of recaptured joys, gratitude for homesickness being soothed, and pure and simple affection making the sight and sound of John laughing happily such a great treasure as to make the last two years worthwhile.
"Keep talking," he says (orders, demands, begs), and the roughness in his voice and the sudden scratch of his fingers down Sherlock's back has the brunet gasping and arching into the biting kisses being laid along his collarbone. "I'll be able to take care of at least one more request in a few minutes."
, have to keep him safe, it's just one day, I can do this, I
He is offering.
3. John needs to learn to relate in a healthier way to the people around him; to have reasonable boundaries, to have empathy, and to be vulnerable.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
(What did I fail to see, deduce, predict, plan against, prepare for--)
90. Bite my lower lip
had to be the well-adjusted one.
Sherlock can imagine, and does, and feels his heart break all over again even at this simple description of the grief he'd plunged John into. He realizes he's crushing the man's fingers when he's given a jostling cuddle and firm kiss atop his head.
Sherlock was surprised to wake up, not having intended to fall asleep in the first place. Certainly not while sneaking a cuddle with John's jacket.
"Not sure I do. Craving anything in particular, then? Not sure your stomach would thank you for suddenly gorging on dim sum."
"Says the man who can't fall sleep unless I'm sitting between him and the door!"
Sherlock hesitates, because he's
19.	And scones (lots of scones)
They've already wasted enough opportunities, nearly missed all of their chances.
“Finally,” John sighs, and pockets his phone.
Sherlock wants to say 'thank you' and 'I love you' and 'please marry me because you are terrifyingly perfect and I must bind you to me in every possible earthly manner', but the phrases clog together in his throat and he can't decide which to pull free first and Mycroft is still sitting across from them and even marriage is meaningless compared to the level of commitment he feels for and desires from the person sitting next to him on the sofa and oh God he is so terribly in love with this man.
Kisses are new and exciting, but hugs are rare enough and nothing to sneeze at either, so Sherlock settles into the embrace quite contentedly. John has him firmly about the shoulders with one hand carefully smoothing over the bandages hidden underneath layers of fabric. Sherlock is tired but wired, achy but blissful, mentally and emotionally overwhelmed. He lays his head on John's and idly watches a bedraggled 007 have a short-lived confrontation in an abandoned church.
“This  nature documentary.  We can switch to archaeology after this is over, of course. But we’ve  got about twenty minutes before the food arrives, and the kettle will  take a bit as well. I want to use this time to determine the optimal  positioning for our post-meal cuddling, and I’ll need some feedback on  my hair-petting technique as well.”
"It seems he dismissed you as a candidate to be used against me fairly quickly," Sherlock continues. "He'd gotten access to Dr. Dunaway's records but Mycroft had already deleted your referral to Dr. Hughes, so Moriarty only knew that you were in my inner circle and had a passing interest in me. That kept you safe, since he wanted to threaten me with as deep a wound as possible, and that meant targeting people with whom I had a reciprocal relationship."
34.	If something reminds me of my time away to the degree that I become agitated, I should like it if you touched me and reminded me that you're here with me now
He was, sadly, accosted in the doorway. John didn't seem to know what to do with Sherlock's elbow once he'd grabbed it, however, and the clothes-thief attempted to wiggle away.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
[FEELINGS COMMAND CENTER] *pushes big red PURGE button, setting off multiple alarms*
(I love you.)
- Molly Hooper, St. Bartholomew's, 2nd floor, Room 11
= = = = =
"Oh my God, is he--"
78.	Tell me (grudgingly is fine) that I'm brilliant when I spoil the end of books and shows and movies
“And people who put drugs in drinks are
He throws his unruly thoughts at John. Old habits and all that.
J: Wild. This guy was sending away hair he stole from women and having this company make gemstones out of them?
John presses in more forcefully for just a split second, then retreats, like a little kiss-shove. One hand is still clasping his nape and keeping him close, however, so Sherlock theorizes that this maneuver is some sort of signal that the kiss has concluded. As if to reward him for this brilliance, the moment is topped off with a barely-there peck, like a period at the end of a long sentence.
John frowned  at the book he was no longer reading as he parsed the question a few  times over. And then he looked up and frowned at Sherlock, who was  curled up in his chair and nonchalantly thumbing through his phone as he  waited for John to concoct an answer.
42.	Brush some hair from my cheek
4.	Kiss the top of my head while holding my face in your hands
,  bringing the other man down into bed with him. He shoves and rolls and  traps Sherlock every way he can think; against the wall and tangled in  bedsheets and pinned under body weight, plus four sturdy limbs holding  tight.
Sherlock wasn’t walking in circles, but John already felt a bit dizzy and lost.
He does not square his shoulders or straighten his spine. He is not a soldier, like John. He is an impulsive amateur scientist with finely honed mental skills and no clue how to handle even his own heart. Instead of coming up with plans of attack, he throws volatile chemicals about and then waits to see what happens.
Sherlock had refused to take on his latest request because it required exactly one (1) person, and he was particularly loathe to leave John unattended at this time. The man had managed to hang on to his latest girlfriend despite Sherlock's best efforts, and if left to his own devices might very well enjoy an uninterrupted evening with her and end up falling deeply in love or proposing or something equally awful.
yours.”
"Did he just tell us we could leave the flat?"
“Took them four days just to stabilize you, and then as soon as you’d gain any ground you’d piss it away with escape attempts while screaming in German or something. I sedated you just a hair shy of coma and later checked you out AMA to bring you home. Mycroft wanted to set you up in some private hospital but I just flipped him two and reminded him that he wasn’t your official next of kin anymore.”
“My?” he asks, reverting back to the nickname from a time when he struggled with consonant clusters.
48.	Ask me again, if I have a girlfriend, and then ask me if I have a boyfriend; I should like to improve on that long-ago conversation
65.	Tell me I'm lovable
John’s  eyebrows stayed fixed in their scrunched-together, uncertain quirk, and  then suddenly his expression softened and he huffed a faint laugh.
83.	Renew the wrist-bruise when it fades (trading wrists and moving the location of aforementioned bruise down the forearm is acceptable if constant bruising at a single location is harmful to the capillaries)
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
“I  wouldn’t have done it for anything less important than the Work, true.  It was distasteful in the extreme, each and every time,” Sherlock noted,  wrinkling his nose as if at some loathsome odor. “But then again, I was  pairing myself up with persons for whom I had absolutely no regard or  respect.”
First kisses are, for the most part, short, simple, and unremarkable except for the novelty of holding the inaugural post. Sherlock has time to start up a panic that he'll waste the experience itself in scrambling to collect data points during the minimal time allotted. But John leans in, gently presses his lips to Sherlock's, and stays there. The seconds slowly unspool, and Sherlock finds that he's being given plenty of time to record every sensation and reaction and impression. His pulse calms, he learns by example that one need not hold their breath during a kiss, and he discovers that he rather enjoys the flutter of John's eyelashes against his skin.
More of the latter two than he cares to tally at the moment, yes, but it takes no time at all to categorize them all as stemming from insecurity and fear. They're weeds growing in the plot he's attempting to cultivate a relationship in; a waste of time at best and threatening to crowd out and suffocate at worst. He'll deal with them later. Perhaps he'll decide to ask for John's assistance and advice, perhaps not, but either way he won't bother the man with them just now.
"You look..."
John is sullen and silent.
soon proves a daunting task. And of course, irritably snapping at John to take his noisy thinking and breathing and
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
“I love you.”
Dr. Hughes, as always, does not have a quick, simple answer. But John is used to this by now, and moreover, can now admit that his psychologist's methods are effective. He strangles down his impatience as best he can and stays on the line, telling himself over and over that Sherlock isn't going to keel over from one more missed meal or nap while John sorts himself out.
John clears his throat, straightens up a bit, sniffs, scratches at his eye, and does all the things that a British man does when trying to play off strong emotion as merely a touch of hay fever. Across the sofa, Sherlock is nearly crawling out of his own skin, bursting with questions, unable to trust his own voice to ask any of them, and terrified of what the answers might be.
"Yes. That. Yes."
“That?” Sherlock asked, halfway between a sneer and a child’s curiosity.
He squirms a little, not quite embarassed but something very close. He knows - he hopes, he is fairly certain - that the thought is silly and childish and utterly wrong. Insecurities are funny things though, and his heart a vast, fertile wilderness long lain fallow, ripe for poisonous vines to take over if he's not careful.
A baumkuchen, as I understand it, is like a spekkoek made with only plain batter, cooked by painting the batter onto a spit that you constantly turn in front of a heat source.
"Oh hush, I've seen those twinkles in boys' eyes before. Anyhoo, you've been told that you're too this or too that, and instead of taking a good long look at yourself you just storm out, and then come back pretending you never quarreled in the first place! You're too old for pulling pigtails and not having the maturity to even apologize, much less admit you were wrong, John Watson. Sad thing is you probably don't even see how they're two completely different things. Really, it's embarrassing, is what it is, and if a man doesn't like hearing such things about himself, then he'd better make an honest effort to grow up as fine on the inside as he has done on the outside, hadn't he?"
"You may be starting some grey hairs and wearing an expensive suit, John Watson, but underneath all that you're not much more than a fussy babe," she declares, nodding sagely over her teacup. "I should know; I was married to a man like that. And Sherlock's the one who helped me get widowed, so you'd best stop glaring at me and listen, young man."
"I'll want your feedback on my teaching techniques," John teases, voice grown a bit rough. "I want to keep accurate notes, after all."
79.	Some time when we're kissing (In bed, but sat up? Or perhaps on the floor? Is the couch wide enough for this maneuver?), push me down onto my back and then crawl over me without interrupting the kisses
J: WHAT?! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT I HAD TO DO TO GET THAT SMUGGLED INTO THE COUNTRY, YOU PRICK?!
Oh God, oh Christ.
8.	Hug me tightly, fiercely, and don't be the first to let go
18.	And her mince pie, with the candied orange peel
), Sherlock fades out soon after their conversation. Nor does he manage to stay awake for more than an hour or so at a time for another few days, much to his frustration. The painkillers John is adding to his IV line are keeping him comfortable, but also making him dozy on top of the fatigue he's still battling.
“We wouldn’t get through our first date without you making eyes at the waitress!”
...because he wasn’t the kind of person who cheated on a significant other.
?" Sherlock demands, distracted away from his visions of oversized cakes by this notion. He fully understands now the sins he's committed against his small circle of friends, and honestly would not be surprised to find that he's earned himself a few slaps or punches, plus repeated "how could you's". He's even prepared to humbly suffer cold shoulders and temporary banishment from morgues and case files.
John reviews it until he has it memorized, then skips the discussion bit entirely and goes straight to implementation. Sherlock finds himself amenable. Enthusiastically so, in fact. Number five in particular is such a rousing success, so to speak, that they don't get any farther than this first handful of requests during the inaugural week of their romance.
After opening fragrant cartons or boxes or tubs at 221B, they spend many a night settled side by side on the couch, always close enough to knock elbows or nudge into the other's knee. Sherlock steals bits out of John's plate or bowl, and they're constantly in each other's field of vision as they talk over clues or sort through the research scattered all over the floor and coffee table and sometimes even draped over spare bits of couch and their own knees.
Very, very determined.
“And coffee with no drugs in it.” Sherlock hums happily and rocks them side to side in a blissful, blundering dance.
John storms out.
"I'm not afraid of--," he tries again, but she bowls right over him.
"No," Sherlock replies, casual as he can. And in case it's not convincingly casual enough, adds a question designed to distract John away from pursuing the thought.
to let himself get so caught up in the idyllic isolation of Baker Street that he'd forget why he was confined to these quarters in the first place.
His desperation for a proper washing-up has calmed but not abated, and it helps to have that to focus on as John steadies him, slips an arm around his bare waist, presses up against him from shoulder to hip to knee, manacles a wrist in his own warm hand, and insists on a slow, steady pace that allows them the maximum margin of safety as Sherlock makes his way to the tub. He's really not so weak and wobbly as to make all this caution necessary, but John is in no mood to take chances, it seems, and Sherlock doesn't dare to protest lest he be turned around and sent back to bed instead.
“You’re
“And he’s…nothing! No family connections worth mentioning, no real money, no high-placed career. But what a brain! He knows a little bit about everything and everything about most things, and nothing that I do or say or buy seems to impress the man. It feels like trying to entertain someone by doing a bit of magic, you know with a rabbit and top hat, only they know all of the tricks already and they’re even explaining what bits you’ve got wrong, or where your technique is shite.”
"It's actually pretty believable," John says after a snort at the lemon-juice expression. He drops his gaze to the rumpled blanket and scratches at a stray bit of lint. "At least, everyone I told seemed to think so. It's been a rough couple of years, and...well, I had some thinking to do. Some time away was just what I needed, really. Only I'm wearing out the floorboards at home instead of mooning about Ben Nevis."
"Just...your face," John giggles, and oh how he's (dreamed of) missed that sound! Sherlock pretends offense at his face being deemed laugh-worthy, and turns away to focus on his eggy toast. Getting a lacy bit of crisp egg-edge is enough to pull his attention away from John entirely, and he sighs in gustatory ecstacy, setting off another giggle from his chef.
It seems that while Sherlock has been graciously forgiven, John is holding somewhat of a grudge against Mycroft, and the younger Holmes finds that he's entirely in charity with the idea. Sherlock beams up at his beloved from his seat on the floor.
Sherlock drops his gaze. Not that his choices have made John happy.
"I love, am in love with, and desire you as well," he blurts. "And 'kiss me' was number one on my list."
"Must you ruin the first perfectly interesting day I've had in weeks?" he demands, re-routing his steps to the kitchen to root around for something sugary. Sniping and snark have proven ineffective in driving Mycroft away, but perhaps dangling temptation in front of him will do the trick.
16.	Feed me a biscuit (maybe a lot of biscuits)
"Pain?" John asks, sitting up a bit as well.
Lucidity returns much more slowly than unconsciousness had overtaken him. Sleep, now that it has him at a disadvantage, seems to be taking every opportunity possible to drag him under and hold him down, and releases him with reluctance at times as if in complaint at not having had him for long enough yet. He's not entirely an unwilling hostage, at that. His body is heavy, as if his blood and bones have been replaced with buckshot and lead piping, and the signals his brain is receiving are soothing things like
"What the hell?!"
Definitely not cleaning supplies. Sherlock sets his new phone down and follows John off the couch and toward the small hill of brown cardboard.
“What–  what–” John gasped, looking at the door as if currently missing facts  would be magically posted there and then looking back at his magically  appearing flatmate. “How–”
(Any questions? Concerns? Any answers you can feed me, and detailed instructions on how to assuage said concerns? And if you have concerns about how inexperienced and unprepared I am to address your concerns, let me only say; I am a quick learner, and most highly motivated to succeed in this endeavor.)
John is up again, looking at his phone briefly before pocketing it. There are footsteps coming up, measured and unhurried and
"Hello, you. Did I not tire you out enough?"
Contrary to expectations, this simple - perhaps too simple - expression of gratitude etches sorrow into the lines around those beloved blue eyes.
Mainly what I'm left with is pain on your behalf, for everything you shouldered and suffered all on your own. I am so sorry, Sherlock."
Burns on top of whip-marks laid over lacerations criss-crossed with abrasions. He doesn't know exactly what his naked form looks like from behind, but he can see John's expression (upset, angry, nauseated...disgust?) every time he walks away with handfuls of silver-slick gel sheets destined for the biohazard bin.
114. ...unless I find it too overwhelming. Perhaps we should take turns.
"You chose to come here, John. You must want something."
The choice of materials upon which to experiment is a bit unexpected, but then again, Sherlock could hardly expect John to think of texting the agents downstairs with requests for human organs.
91. In fact, bite me everywhere
14.	Kiss me again
10.	Tell me you love me
Their mouths.
Mycroft sent John a garment bag, a stack of files, and a car. Sherlock sent him so many texts that John made a show of putting his phone in the refrigerator before going upstairs to dress for the evening.
Sherlock nods acquiescence, and after a bit of throat-clearing, a steadying exhale, and several nervous glances, John begins.
And maybe it's this idea, that John will more easily believe what he reads, that makes Sherlock sweep up all his cards, hastily put them in order, and hold them up, hold them out. He has lied to John, small white lies and lies like gaping wounds oozing black bile. It makes so much more sense to let John read his explanations and confessions and promises, than to expect him to listen to it all from deceitful lips and yet receive it as gospel.
Sherlock startles and flails and attempts to get to his feet and get away, but John grips hard and
= = = = =
John wanted that, was fine without it but would be happier having it, and didn’t mind Sherlock knowing.
The irony of it all is not lost on John.
"Still a two," Sherlock replies, glad of an easy question. "Nociceptive, except for my shoulder, but even there I feel improved. I have fewer flare-ups, even though there's no improvement in my range of motion."
. And I want to know if I can kiss you.")
His psychologist gazes at him with her usual demeanor of boredom. It’s soothing in an odd way; someone who isn’t afraid of him.
“Pearl Garden sounds prettier.”
"Why would anyone punch
"Can't get this bloody thing tied, and I'm afraid it'll get wrinkly if I try too many times," John groused, flapping the bit of white fabric that was presumably his bow tie as he stomped across the floor. He stopped a few feet away from his flatmate and scowled even further at Sherlock's silent staring.
Instead John was sitting at the kitchen table, asking him to be his best man at his wedding.
Sherlock blinks, brought back into the moment and finding he's gotten a bit lost along the way.
." His mouth is watering to a ridiculous degree.
25. Kiss me right after you've eaten a spoonful of honey (15th Nov)
A shared look and smile and a small sigh of relief from Sherlock turns into some self-conscious fidgeting on both sides of the sofa. John is stroking the cards with his thumbs and glancing back and forth between them and their author, while said author tries to breathe evenly and occupies himself with shredding the corner of the encyclopedia-turned-writing-desk.
, it means an exquisitely slow and painful death, don’t you?”
The third kiss is like the demonstration that had been given against Sherlock's palm; John lips at his mouth halfway through, setting off the same tip-to-toes cascade of shivers. A rogue spasm in his limbs has him clutching blindly, fingers clawing into John's shirt, holding on at bicep and elbow because he might fall off the couch otherwise. His world feels tippy and spinny and it seems to be affecting his stomach as well as his inner ear. His pulse kicks up again, and yet another notch when John gives a low hum and nibbles at him a second time. The goosebumps from the first time haven't even completely faded yet, and the fluttery feeling building and building in his stomach makes Sherlock whine faintly against John's mouth.
Identified. Infiltrated. Compromised. Dissolved.
John would like to not be so fucking miserable all the time. Three frustrating sessions with Dr. Hughes and one unexpectedly refreshing shouting match with his security director later, John is able to break the miserableness down into the following statements:
"Mycroft Mark Holmes," Sherlock completes, while John sputters.
Choosing to address the only response that had been both a complete sentence and not a question in turn, Sherlock shot up, clapped his hands together, then attempted to swish his way past John and escape downstairs.
Some of this must show on his face.
Ever the proper host, John tips himself off the sofa and makes to walk him to the door, but he's waved off. Mycroft does pause in the doorway for a moment, turning to give them both a considering look.
more, be
“I  want to help you,” Sherlock explained, trying to break his thoughts  into bite-sized pieces. “Who can I be - what sort of company do you need  - to make things better? You don’t need a consulting detective or rogue  scientist just now; you don’t need
"Why is this the most delicious thing I've ever had?" he asks plaintively, and John snorts.
“…what.”
He wiggles a bit, more to signify that he is cozy and content where he is than actually getting any additional settling-in done, and nabs a bit of John's clothing in a proprietary pinch. John drops a kiss into his hair and re-starts the movie that they're honestly still not going to watch.
“If I’d made too much room for manners and  thoughtfulness I wouldn’t have had room for– oh, I don’t know, shoe  prints or arterial spray. If I’d thrown myself into the study of  boyfriends and lovers I wouldn’t have had time to learn how to hunt and  trap counterfeiters and blackmailers. You understand, don’t you? You  devoted yourself to medicine. You couldn’t have gotten that degree if  you’d attempted to master economics and Latin and particle physics too.”
(John? My boyfriend? My significant other? My life partner?)
Sherlock sets about beginning the positive reinforcement straight away, by treating the both of them to a long, drawn-out kiss tasting of butter and honey and lazy afternoons.
"--but it's fine, it's
Sherlock scrambles up and scampers over to the kitchen.
Sherlock would panic, save that he's too busy being bewildered by the sheer volume and variety that John has ordered in. There are different brand names on the boxes, advertising a plethora of shapes, textures, materials, and flavors. (Warming and Tingling? Glow in the dark? Bacon?!) Perhaps John wants Sherlock to be able to sample a large variety and choose his own favorites. But there are also different sizes ranging all the way from "snug fit" to "magnum extra large". Granted, they have not yet been naked together in
"Your recent haircut didn't seem worth mentioning."
(See the end of the chapter for
I used Irene Adler's letter from "A Scandal in Bohemia" as a general outline and put Mycroft Holmes in the place of the King. Kate is the Kate from BBC's "Sherlock", however. I took her last name from the actress who played her.
, more like. This leads to John talking about Sherlock, which is much easier than talking - at least honestly - about himself. He rambles on a bit, gets animated and amused despite himself, and then winds up admitting that he's essentially here because John's emotional stability is one of the conditions to successfully wooing Sherlock.
“Not your best
"I meant physically," John continues, with one hand spidering down Sherlock's ribs, sneaking under his shirt, and tracing some very distracting circles on the bare skin underneath. "You almost threw me off a couple of times, there."
"Such enthusiasm," John snorts, heaving himself up off the sofa. "Feeling up to shredded chicken and noodles?"
“John? You trust me, yes?”
“All that come to mind easily,” Sherlock replied, languidly waving a hand as if to say that it mattered not in the end.
Sherlock  seemed to freeze for a moment as he cleaned and put away his violin,  then finished the task and turned to look at John as he sat by the fire.  Sherlock stood, half in flickering firelight and otherwise obscured by  shadows, staring, looking, seeing.
This is more a to-do list than a chapter but it's still important to the plot, so here you go.
2. He is angry.
Except he wakes up in hospital, and John only looks more and more confused, and alarmed, and afraid with each question Sherlock asks.
I know sentiment’s not your area and all that. Just thought…well, you were asking, so…”
= = = = =
58.	Start using my lotion on your hands
do you need?”
, too long--"
37.	Bring me a coffee and a bacon butty from Speedy's and watch me eat them with your chin in your hand and that funny little smile on your face
and  so on, so this lack of reply was worrying. If Sherlock wasn’t angry and  prickly and pouting…what then? Was the pain of their disagreement too  deep for words? Had he not only gouged new wounds but also re-opened old  ones? Was Sherlock even now retreating into his old shell, ill-fitting  and ill-suited now but perhaps offering a cold comfort that seemed  better than the mix of friendship and enmity that John had on tap?
There’s more murmuring, and though he can’t make out the sounds it’s almost as comforting as the hand on his brow. He focuses on the warmth, trusts that it will stay with him, and drifts away.
"Think I need to take a crash course in how to deal with curls first."
“Careful; you’re probably too weak to hold it just yet,” John cautions, wrapping Sherlock’s hands around the glass (cool but not cold, too much condensation, the ice melted because John had miscalculated when Sherlock would wake up, warm hands, warm warm warm
Mrs. Hudson cooks and cleans and tuts at him and John in equal measure. Hopkins and Lestrade stop by with takeaway and case files. Molly brings pastries and - now that John has taken up temporary residence once more - helps mind Rosie instead of Sherlock.
“Oh, okay. Well, which home-made date rape drug did we just knock back? We’ll just drink the matching neutralizer right away. A difference in which one is ingested first shouldn’t…” He trails off as he catches sight of the uncomfortable wince.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just because someone hands you a contract doesn't mean you have to read it, much less sign it and abide by it. When your brain hands you an unhealthy thought, you can always tell it to shut up."
"So does it?"
Sturdy, soaked-in happiness will only come with time and repetition, he supposes. Right now his brain is reeling at the surprise of a loading dose, and will need to adjust to being loved. Later, he will become accustomed to the increased dosages of dopamine, oxytocin, and serotonin, and he will be able to be calm even when it hits him that he, W. Sherlock S. Holmes, is loved and desired by none other than John H. Watson. Kisses may even become habit; not to be pondered and plotted but simply included in the daily routine.
"After you jumped, I was heartbroken. And when you returned, after the first shock was over I felt betrayed. When I realized that you've been alive all along, I jumped to conclusions, and they couldn't have been more wrong. Although I'd have given anything for you not to have suffered so badly, in a way I'm glad you were so out of it at first. It spared you my initial reactions, and me the shame I would have felt later on, when I found out the truth.
- so much more than physical intimacy.
"Sherlock, Jesus,
(John's note. My note.)
“Oh,  fine.” Sherlock adopted a facetiously earnest expression, doe eyes and  all, with his hands clasped under his chin and bony elbows propped onto  his knees. “I want a proper kiss, so I can feel like a real boy.”
John flies to every country he can possibly have a professional interest in and works as hard as he ever has, only dragging himself back to his hotel when it's so late that no further business can reasonably be conducted. He lets his bodyguard clear the room and then orders them out, orders a meal up, and takes a shower. When he comes out of the bathroom, sometimes Sherlock is there.
"Looking back, it must have seemed so crazy to her," John ruminates. Eye contact is a bit beyond him at the moment, but he's sprawled in Sherlock's chair and has the consulting detective nestled in his lap, plus both arms locked firmly 'round Sherlock's waist. With every limb in delicious contact, Sherlock is content to let John's averted gaze seem to be a result of comfort and convenience, instead of a deliberate defensive mechanism.
"Listen, I think. It'll be a bit awkward, me just sitting here reading aloud, but I feel like this is something I need to say, and to your face. Acknowledging it all, I guess. Just giving them to you to read feels...dunno, like cheating, somehow."
"Kiss me again, with your head tilted the other way."
Sherlock can only blink. He’s in no shape to argue. Probably couldn’t even get any of the words out. John adjusts a pillow and pulls the coverlet up higher, and then pins Sherlock to the bed with a glare.
with his mad, frustrating git of an adorable, gorgeous genius. An  iron-clad excuse to touch the untouchable had been tied off with a bow  and plopped into his lap - speaking of less altruistic parts - and he  was just sitting there in his chair like a lump--
It takes more effort and arguing than Greg's job description can be stretched to cover, but eventually John is coerced into joining the mud runs and obstacle courses that Greg and a few of his more masochistic mates sign up for every chance they get. Long hot hours spent sweating and swearing and insulting each other's efforts are the fastest way Greg knows how to make new friends, and he lubricates the meetings with a cool box full of beer.
Step two involves John being snuck out of Baker Street, disguised as part of the security team, so that he can 'return' from Scotland and pay a visit to Mrs. Hudson, and thus be officially established at Baker Street.
2. John has unresolved issues that he wants to work through so that he can be the one in control of his happiness, instead of letting his expectations of other people affect him so strongly.
“Come  here, you tit,” John said, patting the bit of cushion right next to  him. Sherlock obligingly perched, all attentive and awaiting further  instruction.
“Fresh air sounds lovely; let’s go out.”
"Well, if you ask me," she says (and John decidedly has not nor ever would have), "you just need a little more confidence."
Head's up: John reacts protectively to having an unexpected visitor and Sherlock briefly panics. It's just Mycroft, though, so no worries.
“Why did Greg just text me congratulating me on 'you two finally getting your heads out of your arses’?!” he demanded, brandishing his phone like an accusation.
"Christ, call an ambulance, get me some towels, here, help me get this off him.
"This is a restaurant," the psychologist continues, gesturing at his office. "You're a customer. I'm your server, and I'm happy to take your order and bring it to you. I can even recommend dishes for you, if you tell me what you're in the mood for. But I can't tell you what to order, and I'm definitely not going to cut your food for you or hand feed you."
)  that had just drained the last of its batteries. He waited, bobbed his  head a bit to see if motion would trigger any reaction, called his  friend’s name, and waved.
His doctor.
“It’s okay sweetheart,” John declares magnanimously, and envelopes him in a bear hug which is very nice indeed. “Just don’t do any drugs, okay? It makes me sad.”
55.	Sniff my hair appreciatively
“DONE!”
, listening to me tear into him and even threaten to destroy everything he cares about.”
"Yeah?" John asks. "Is that Dada? Am I Da, then?"
I deal in facts and figures, codes and calculations. I can be cut off and chased until I have no choice but to go to ground. Agent Halstead is magnificent with her guns and grenades, her strategies and sweet talk, but as has been proven, is not invulnerable. Mycroft Holmes was the first to understand that together, we would become more than the sum of our parts. Agent Halstead is a beast. I am a cryptid. Together, we can become legend.
“Shut up and cuddle me.”
His  foray into pet names was received positively. A simple man, John stuck  with “sweetheart” and “love” for the most part, reserving things like  “pumpkin seed honey muffin” and “mister sweetie cheeks” for when he  wanted to tease Sherlock out of a strop. These verbal intimacies spread  like weeds into other parts of his speech, and soon he wasn’t just  complimenting the detective’s deductive brilliance at crime scenes, but  also showering praise upon him at home on topics such as his grace and  musical talent.
“No...in  fact I don’t think that’s even in my top three, come to think of it.  Trust, admiration, and affection. Attraction would be important if I was  just looking to get off. But for intimacy? No, I need to feel  comfortable with a person.”
His younger brother would not be opposed to such a plan.
"Hm? Too adventurous? There's still some soup left."
43. Push my fringe out of my eyes
"And I won't shut you out again. I swear it."
"A Christmas party," Mycroft repeats, as if hoping he's misheard, but John only grins and nods.
“You realize  you’ve just volunteered yourself,” Sherlock pointed out, interrupting  the glorious train wreck coalescing in John’s imagination.
(Oh God.)
87. On second thought, would you be amenable to teaching by showing?
"But you knew most of that already, and you also know I'm a very busy man keeping all your assets safe, so I'm curious about why we're having this meeting over dinner instead of in the atrium or your car like usual."
(I love you.)
John felt a stab of guilt.
He’d  rather expected a detailed spreadsheet of Sherlock’s past experiences  so that he could recreate them to the best of his abilities and give his  flatmate new data to compare against, but other than some occasional  hints -
“Right, here, drink this,” John orders, and grabs his hand to press a mug into it. Sherlock obediently drops his gaze from the ceiling and swallows down the small amount of liquid. Huh. Not tea.
He resolves the issues - his included - over time, collecting information, scheduling awkard conversations, and disbursing generous severance packages. Sherlock offers advice and assistance, which surprises John a great deal, until he finds out that the detective merely wishes to expand his network of potential spies. Apparently domestic workers are goldmines of information and the holder of many keys.
"Well, now that we've defined what you want out of this, let's get started."
(Run away with me.)
"Geoffrey George Holmes," Sherlock automatically rattles off, then stops and blinks.
"Look at you, being brave and honest and openly communicating," John adds, smiling but not mocking, not at all. Obviously proud, in fact, and it makes Sherlock preen a bit, and relax more than a bit.
If  it hadn’t knocked him back so far he might have experienced frustration  at this unexpected development. For heaven’s sake he’d only just this  morning been able to stretch and yawn without  searing nerve pain and the nightmares were finally started to ebb - just   slightly, hardly a statistically significant amount really, but still  enough for  hope - and he’d hoped that maybe, just maybe, he was starting to feel  like himself again,  like he didn’t have to put so much damn effort into pretending to be  okay. But his heart had gotten the jump on his  brain at this surprise attack, and Sherlock was now mostly offline.
Britannia rules in the end, and John simply nods and leaves Sherlock with a quiet, "Anytime".
63.	Tell me I'm fantastic
"I still am, you know," John forges on. "Your friend, I mean. Thought it didn't need saying but maybe I should've done. I'm not...I'm not here just because you need a doctor. I'm..." A helpless shrug and sigh, and then,
"That's a no to
“Now listen, you madman," John says sternly. "I am your doctor. You are my patient. You will do exactly as I say or I will give you to Mycroft and let him surround you with nurses and therapists. Am I understood?”
John puts a steadying hand on his chest as he carefully swipes a soft washcloth over Sherlock's newly healed back, keeps an arm around his waist as Sherlock stands to allow access to his backside, and sits half-in and half-out of the tub so that he can set Sherlock's foot on one knee while he scrubs at it. The doctor is nearly as soaked through as his patient by the time he's done with the bath gel and ready to move on to shampoo. Sherlock sits, eyes closed, grateful for the excuse to shut out the temptation to look and see and draw conclusions.
Sherlock banishes him from Baker Street before John can storm out on his own. To make up for the lack of a grand exit, John gets just drunk enough to feel like he can blame the alcohol instead of his self control when he smashes the rest of the scotch against some beautiful Italian marble.
Sherlock disregards the warning entirely; he's too impatient for his reward. So many days and nights and injuries he's had to endure, and the terrible, terrible decisions he's had to make. Surely he's allowed this; just one moment and the hope of the hours to come, a chance to see John again, to hear his voice, watch the play of light over his skin and glinting in his eyes, to take new measurements of his laugh lines and stubble and the little divot on his finger where the pen presses hardest.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
“HA!” he barked, all sarcasm and shout, as he slammed the door open before it could catch him in the face, and letting it rebound and snick shut behind him. “Chance would be a fine thing! Name one woman-- oh but
therapy.
, saved him for
John asks Dr. Hughes for ten minutes of his time. After three minutes, Dr. Hughes pokes his head out and tells his administrative assistant to clear his afternoon.
44.	Kiss me right under my eye
And Sherlock's mouth.
According to John, Mary is a capable, no-nonsense nurse, organized and efficient, and the best in the office at handling difficult patients. John praises her cleverness and chuckles over the way she can chivvy people around like a trained sheepdog while still making them think they're being petted and coddled. Sherlock listens, chin propped while the remnants of egg and toast cool and congeal on his plate, and tries to hear what's not being said as well.
"Amazing." Sherlock blurted out the ending to his sentence and then shut his mouth so hastily that he nearly clipped the end of his tongue clean off.
Sherlock ponders this over.
"John," he says, and it comes out so unexpectedly choked and crumbling that he has to stop and clear his throat. Even then he sounds a wreck, but perhaps that's fitting, and as it should be.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
“…Sherlock?”
1. John lacks meaningful relationships in his life, and would like to change this. (Yes, even if the thing with Sherlock doesn't pan out.)
He's more than half-afraid that they'll soon fumble their way into an awkward dance of "are you sure" and "if you want" and similarly excruciating hesitations masquerading as courtesies, but John breaks the silence with a non-sequitur instead.
He sneers and John shrugs, at how the doctor's blooms simply close and fall. Easy come, easy go.
"John?" he calls, stopping him before he disappears into the kitchen.
(A shower and proper shampoo. Sitting in the living room. Eggy toast with a sprinkle of salt. Watching John pecking away at his laptop.)
"Well. Well-rested, what with having slept through the bulk of the day," Sherlock eventually determines, and then glances up hesitantly. Their toast and talk seem like centuries ago, though he can't have been asleep for much more than an hour.
"Well, you said she was smart," Sherlock points out. "Only an absolute imbecile would give you up without a fight." But John doesn't chuckle; only shakes his head and sighs into Sherlock's infraclavicular fossa.
“Sherlock? Is…is it
"Anything would be an improvement over your usual attire," Sherlock snarked. The lack of any actual sass was deafening, and he could see it in the way John's mouth twitched.
Sherlock stares, and stares, and
John speaks, and Sherlock listens in mute awe. Well well well, how the turntables~
“Control kisses first,” John said with a grin. “Cigarette breath is a variable outside the scope of our experiment.”
Once the last bulleted item is attested to, Mycroft has him review the rota of agents - MI5 and MI6 and even some CIA - sent out to worm their way into those organizations that remain, and monitor those that may arise in the future. Sherlock has a few questions, but in the end, no protests. There are strands left of Moriarty's web that would be unwise to dismiss, and potentially more dangerous are the gaps where nothing remains but a memory. There are always those who see such expanses of burned and salted ground and consider it an opportunity rather than a warning.
The notecards are set down slowly, carefully onto the table, even given a little pat when John mentions getting around to reading them later. Sherlock pretends to consider this for a moment to disguise his surprise, then nods.
Pity. They probably would have been able to arrange it without too much fuss, really.
"What?"
(The rest of my life.)
Sherlock watches as John moves back into the upstairs bedroom, and supervises as 221C is gutted and remodeled into a lovely little laboratory. Once the renovation is complete, he loses interest in chemistry and takes up early childhood development studies instead.
