The course of true love never did run smooth.
------
“Certainly, Captain.” then the elevator moved speedily up to the Penthouse of the Tower where they resided. As soon as the elevator stopped and opened its doors, Steve stepped out and walked to the nursery where Ulysses was currently sleeping. He gently opened the door, not wanting to wake the boy up and walked silently to peer into the crib. His baby boy was sleeping soundly, his favorite Iron Man and Captain America plushies clutching in each hand. He looked so peaceful in slumber, so different compared to the boy he was two weeks ago, in the throes of teething and constantly in pain.
“Steve Rogers!”
“I know. Joe thinks so too.” he simply said, tucking in to his breakfast with more gusto.
------
“I love you,” Steve said, and he moved forward. His cock sheathed within Tony’s warm passage in one full thrust. Tony moaned loudly at the feeling of Steve deep inside him, and Steve echoed it. Feeling himself encased in the warm sheath and tightness of his mate was pleasure beyond belief. He felt Tony clench around him, getting used to the intrusion to his body.
“Which proves he was here. Why didn’t you tell the police you saw Rumlow?” Steve addressed Clint who was standing by the door behind them.
“Obviously.”
“It’s okay, you’re okay. Papa’s here. I got you, sweetheart,”
“Mr. Stark, please. We have to move now. You can come and wait outside of the operating room.” then they hustled away, carrying Steve’s gurney with them and leaving Tony behind.
Forget about it.
Tony’s boys sat on the couch. Peter was fidgeting, looking guilty as hell and still wearing his poor excuse of a superhero suit. Tony’s head hurt just looking at it. He was already thinking about the changes he will definitely make to it to make sure it was safer. Oh hell, he’s just gonna toss that one to the incinerator and made Peter a new one. Preferably one based off of the nanotech. Meanwhile Joe just looked annoyed, whether it was because he was getting a stern talking to or because Peter just outed him to him and Steve for having a boyfriend, Tony wasn’t sure.
Sue looked exasperatedly at him, “They’re not breakfast. I’ll get you some spam and eggs,” she said decisively then turned and left. “Nick, I need spam and eggs.” she yelled to the cook in the kitchen, who was visible from Tony’s spot on the counter.
Well, Tony is the best mechanic this side of Mississippi and the world. What, indeed, was the worst that could happen?
Tony groaned, “I can see that telling you to dispense with the academic elite traditions of title dropping is a waste of time, so I’m not even gonna bother. Yeah, I’m still here. What do you want?”
“Yes. Annoyance and incessant eye rolling would be the usual reaction.”
“About how lucky I am. How I never in a million years could have dreamt up something as perfect as this life I now have with you. Tony, I always thought I wouldn’t live past twenty five, but here I am now: about to embark on the most exciting journey of my life with you.”
“Pierce is nuts. And crooked as a stick in water.” Bucky said curtly. He opened the front door of the diner, ushering them both inside. Steve had no choice but to follow his brother inside to continue the conversation.
“At this point, it’s all notches and no more belts,” Tony grinned. Natasha serenely stared at him with her bottomless green eyes.
Seriously, Tony had the best kids in the universe.
“Good. Put him on video call mode.” Ulysses’ confused face was projected on the holograph. Behind him a gaggle of students gathered around a station of laptops, egging each other on as the people typing frantically around the laptop took shot after shots.
“Do it!” Steve commanded.
“Yes, Sir. Although I’m afraid you wouldn’t be too concerned with making dinner tonight, Sir.”
“Hello Saigon. I want Vietnamese tonight.”
“So both of you conspired to keep this big secret from the rest of us.” Bruce and Coulson nodded their complicity.
“You got it, brah.” Jet Ski guy grinned, seemingly mollified by the promise of money, but not before recognizing him, “Hey, aren’t you Tony Stark?”
“Which is?”
“What do you like to do in your spare time?”
Their relationship started slowly, but gradually. After the Battle of New York, they part in good terms. Both of them apologizing for things they said in the heat of the moment. Steve left on his Americana road trip, but returned a couple of months later for a stay at the newly christened Avengers Tower after Tony offered him a floor of his own there. Gradually, thanks to late night conversations and trips around New York City to introduce Steve to the new world, they became best friends. Tony appreciates that Steve treats him no differently than their other teammates, despite being an Omega in a midst of Alphas and Betas. When Steve informs him that he will be taking a job at Washington DC to work for SHIELD, Tony admits he was disappointed at Steve’s decision, but respects that Steve needs to find a new purpose in this new time he’s living in. They part ways once again, with Steve leaving for DC and Tony back to Malibu,  but not without maintaining a steady stream of communications through video calls and daily texts. Rhodey and Pepper said that they were as good as dating, and as much as Tony really wants that to be true he knew they’re not quite there yet.
“Tony’s cheating on you with Killian, Stevie.”  Oh God, this again. Steve sighed, “Not this again, Bucky.”
With the boba, oranges and now meatballs, it became clear that Tony now has an aversion to spherical objects. For some reason, he just couldn’t stand the sight of it. He couldn’t watch a soccer game (not that he watch too many of those games anyway) or a basketball game. Baseball games were a bit okay because the ball was too small to look at from the television screen or from the seats in the stadium, if Tony and Steve went to a baseball game for date night.
,” Tony said, making his presence known. Tony started carding his hand through Ulysses’ messy brown mop, the boy was still wearing his tuxedo from last night. It was rumpled to hell, it seemed Ulysses slept in it. His bow tie was missing and the shirt was untucked. He looked so different from the smiling and happy young man who last night was gearing up to take his girlfriend to prom, “
“When you can be proud of me. I mean, I’m just Peter, the baby of the family. There’s nothing special about me. I’m not popular or inspiring and charismatic like Uly,” Ulysses’ face fell at Peter’s words, “Or smart and pretty like Joe,” Joe looked at his little brother, crestfallen that his little brother ever felt inadequate about himself, “They will be the ones to carry on yours and Papa’s legacies, SI and all the charity and political advocacy stuff, so I’m just trying to find my niche. And-- and being Spiderman lets me do that. I can carry on the superhero part of your legacies. I can make you proud too,” Peter finished gently from the crook of Tony’s arms. Babbo’s arms tightened around him and he felt the warm press of Babbo’s lips on his forehead.
Steve chuckled, “Been overworking yourself lately, Shellhead. We’re supposed to still be on a honeymoon.”
When you love someone, you open yourself up to suffering. Because when you love someone, you will unconsciously attach your happiness to theirs. You will lose control of your own ability to attain your own happiness. But in being together, you also open up the possibility of creating something greater than yourself, or the other person. You have a chance to bring something to this world that embodies the best of you and him. And by being together, maybe it’s not just your happiness that depends on his. His happiness would also depend on yours. And together, you will be able to fill the empty and broken spaces in each other's heads, strengthening each other and giving courage to each other to move on, and finally see and embrace the life we have and the world we live in for what it is. A chaotic, messy place, riddled with pain, suffering, but, most importantly it is filled with hope.
“But Steeveee, scienceeee~~”
“If you’re so good, then are you gonna ask Liz to homecoming next year? I heard she’s gonna be in the Homecoming committee.” Joe asked slyly.
The plane was taxiing above the Pacific when Tony finally get a chance to open the present Joe handed to him. It turned out to be a Beach Boys CD. Tony could only chuckled sadly.
“Well, Steve’s alright, though a little shook up. He’s still watching the tape as we speak.” Dr Erskine announced as he made his way to the living room where the family gathered.
Tony returns to his post by the side of the bed, glancing out at the window before returning his gaze back to Steve A subtle twitch from the hand that was in his hold startles Tony. He waits with baited breath as Steve’s eyelids start to flutter open. Those blue eyes he longs to see start to open, blearily taking in the situation around him. Tony smiled in relief.
“JARVIS, status report. What’s going on?” Steve commanded the AI.
Which brought him to the fact that for the past two months, he has been wearing an adult diaper, which made him not that different from Ulysses. Tony didn’t know that his body was capable of shedding so much uterine lining or that one tiny person --that he loved with all his body and soul-- needed so many biological apparatus to stay alive. He and Steve hadn’t been able to have penetrative sex in two months and if he wasn’t feeling like a human disaster right now, he would be more upset. As it was, he was glad Steve couldn’t see him naked because his previously smoking hot bod was nothing more than a lump of flesh and atrophying muscles with milk squirting out of every orifice. Right now, he wasn’t feeling particularly sexy or desirable.
“You’ve reached Bonnie,” Tony answered in greeting, “And Clyde.” Steve joined him. “Murder incorporated. How may we help you?” they cracked up laughing at coming up with that clever greeting to Nick. The man in concern was not looking very impressed on the other line. He placidly handed over his phone to the man standing in front of him.
Natasha sighed, “You’re lucky you’re pretty,” Steve shot her an offended look, “I’m just going to point something out here: we
Steve and Tony will return...?
Natasha tried to get him outside, by which he meant she forcibly dragged him to one of his cars, threw him in the passenger seat, made him eat lunch that he ended up only picking through and made him help her pick new clothes with her at Ala Moana one day. She took advantage of Tony’s addled state of mind and picked his wallet, purchasing what amounted to be most of the available items at Prada, Louis Vuitton and La Perla. Tony silently signed the bills and allowed Natasha to drag him to the Honolulu Cookie Company stand before buying out the cart, much to the consternation of the tourists around him. Whatever, they can go to another Honolulu Cookie Company counter, okay? It’s not like there’s only one on the Island. Tony’s heartbroken, they can go to another location and leave him to eat his pineapple cookies in peace.They end the day getting some Strawberry shaved ice which made Tony feel marginally better about the whole situation.
didn’t have a leg to stand on that one, so he let Tony gave that speech instead). They haven’t been able to have time together, just the two of them, and it was starting to feel like work instead of a vacation with the amount of damage control they had to be doing day and day out.
“Good God, you're a woman. I honestly...I couldn't have called that. I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.” Tony tried to compliment her.
They stood there, facing each other, waiting for the other one to break the standstill and make the first move. FInally, Steve couldn’t take the silence anymore and spoke up, “Tony, I--”
“Well, what else was I supposed to do, Nat?”
On one of their last days in Hawaii, Pepper and Rhodey declared they wanted to go to the beach, a real beach with other people around them, as opposed to the private beach that Tony has in his backyard. It was all kinds of ridiculous, wanting to go to a beach that was riddled with tourists and fight over a spot on the sand, but Tony indulge them since they have been kind enough to come all the way to Hawaii and accompany him through the first and hopefully only heartbreak he ever experienced. So they went to Waikiki Beach, to a place on the beach Tony thought has less tourist traffic compared to the other parts. Pepper went for a swim, while Rhodey tried his hand at surfing. He wasn’t very good at staying on the board and ended up just paddling around on the board, while Tony declined to go anywhere near the water with his shirt on.
“God, I hate you both so much. If I don’t have puke filling up my mouth right now, I’d scream at you.” Bucky groaned out.
“It’s Alexander Pierce.”  Pierce’s voice, instead of Fury, came on the line. The couple, taken aback by the unexpected voice.
“Put the handcuffs on, Bucky.” she said.
“Tony and Clint were fighting again?” Steve questioned. His mate and Clint was always getting into feuds and bets about silly thing, “What is it about this time?”
The next day, the photo Clint took was framed and displayed prominently in Steve’s studio and a holograph of the photo, scanned by JARVIS, would be floating in Tony’s workshop permanently.
Then supernova. A bright explosion that didn’t have a right to look as beautiful as it did shined from the portal. Almost immediately, all the Chitauri around them fell, like a puppet without a string, dead on their feet. Tony had succeeded, his sacrifice saved them all. Steve kept looking at the portal, wishing for something to happen, anything that would bring him Tony back, but the supernova just kept growing until nuclear blowback became a concern.
“No, don’t be. It’s just that...the smell of grease and motor oil remind me of my father. He used to be in the Marine Corps’s Corps of Engineers. And he would go on tour of duty for years at a time, and when he comes back home I’d miss him so much that I’d hug him for at least five minutes.” Steve confided, his blue eyes softening as he remembered when he was young, when the smell of grease and motor oil brought comfort to him. He never thought that he would feel this sense of homecoming and ease from someone he just met.
And once again, Steven was speechless.
When JARVIS ran the simulation again, the energy output of the reactor simulation was higher than his existing prototypes. What was surprising was as Tony run through the time-course of the reactor simulation while there were still neutron damage and loss of hydrogen mass from the fission reaction, this new scenario lasted longer than five years. And most importantly Tony didn’t blew up the planet by generating an accidental hydrogen bomb. Tony smiled, eyes glittering with pride and the euphoria of discovery. Eureka!
“I have the serum. I’ll take my chances.”
” the little boy exclaimed, “
Steve looked back towards Tony, carrying Ulysses whose cries have petered out and was now sniffling quietly into Tony’s neck. Tony looked unsure and hesitant, it wasn’t everyday that the man who was responsible for your parents’ deaths dropped by for a visit after all. Steve knew what that felt like for he felt the same.
Steve sighed and took a bite out of his sandwich, “I don’t know. But at least I have something to talk about at Confession this week.”
. And since human beings were high maintenance product of evolution, they needed a lot of things to keep them alive.
“Fury warned us that you have to make an arrest for this case.” Natasha started. Nick nodded, so far so good, she’s gonna keep her mouth shut. Nick knew he could always count on Romanov to be the most level headed of the rowdy bunch of employees Steve and Tony kept around.
“Maybe you’re just having problems because you’ve been doing this long-distance thing. Since she’ll be here soon, isn’t it worth it to see if things are still the same if you’re close to each other? Say, how long will she be here?”
“You could learn to say no for once. Too bad you weren’t around for the 80s. There was an amazingly horrible campaign aimed at the youth to “just say no”. Not that it ever worked or did anything for the War on Drugs. God, Reagan was a disaster.”
have prom yesterday. I thought he said he would be making a night out of it with his friends.” Steve confirmed, “He wouldn’t have been given access to the Falcon wings otherwise.” he added, referring to Sam.
Steve laughed at that and brought her hand, the one in his hold up to his mouth, kissing her knuckles reverently, “Think we’ll ever get to celebrate Christmas like a civilian? A huge Christmas tree in the corner with presents underneath, lazing about at home with the fireplace roaring in the background, some slow music playing on the record. We could finally have our first dance.”
“Long time no see!” Yaël said as soon as she saw the tall, dark-haired guy again. He was wearing the cloak again.
Peter nods in agreement, finding that ‘a bit of shock’ doesn’t really seem to cut it here. Right now, he just wants to go home, and to mentally prepare himself for his interview with Mr. Stark later. His dad… interview with his dad.
- Infidelity. There's no way to get around that part.
“There’s no such thing, you idiot!” Sam counters. Tony can hear Scott, Bruce, Wanda and Vision laugh further away.
“Dude, you
There’s nothing coming from the other side. Peter frowns, afraid that Johnny might actually be mad at him or something. He knocks again.
“You’re old enough to be my uncle,” she counters, poking him in the shoulder. Then, looking over his shoulder, her face falls again. “I, uh… I didn’t know you would bring Captain Rogers?”
Pepper slaps him on the arm, shushing him. Happy lets out a small cry of pain, and then rubs his arm. When Pepper then gives them an innocent face, Peter quickly realizes there’s something wrong. Tony, too, seems to understand.
Tony snorts, and Steve looks away, clearly embarrassed.
The two adults look at the screen with frowns, as if hating to be proven wrong. But even Peter knows that the camera images aren’t lying. Dum-E
“Don’t look so shocked! Superheroes have relationships and personal lives, too. Heck, your family is the biggest example of that,” she says, patting him on the chest and pulling the paper out of his hand to put it back on the stall. Then she crosses her arm back into Peter’s and guides him over the rode. Peter hadn’t even noticed the lights turning green.
Peter nods, realizing that he can’t speak anymore. When Tony’s close enough, he throws himself into his arms, letting out loud sobs and unable to stop shaking. Crying underneath the mask is never a good idea, but it’s not like he can just pull it off like that.
Steve opens his eyes, giving Tony a small smile. Then he lifts up his hand, passing a finger over the side of Tony’s face, pushing a few strands of hair away from his path.
“Hi everybody,” Steve says, with Tony walking right behind him, one hand in his pocket and the other one biting into a green apple. Natasha’s all too aware of the two men staring right at Tony, checking out his walk. She rolls her eyes, trying to make clear she’s not a part of their stupid little quest of ‘wisdom’.
Steve hears on the other side of the line. He nods in understanding.
Though, somehow, the universe managed to make their beloved Black Widow, along with Barnes, kind-of adopt an orphaned baby. Yeah, life’s just weird.
“You want something to drink?” she asked him kindly.
The sound of footsteps interrupted Yaël’s humming as she ripped the plastic off. She looked up and saw an old man with an eyepatch walking up the hill. He didn’t notice her as she was a bit further away from him. She also had put her camp behind a rock, so she was a bit tucked away, you know, for privacy reasons. The man looked peaceful as he walked towards the edge and stared at the sea.
“Me surviving that much radiation was a freak accident, Tony,” Bruce says. “I’m not sure what suddenly causes for Peter to reject the venom all the sudden, but the amount of radiation now flowing through his body is in no way healthy.”
Fury opens his mouth to say something, but before he can speak, loud alarms ring up inside Tony’s ears. Given the reaction of the others, it goes through the entire helicarrier.
“Oh, please, don’t call me the Bomb-“
“Uh, they’re recreations of Spider-Man’s web-shooters,” Peter says nervously. “I was kind of interested in how they worked, so I figured out a way to make them myself. Of course, I don’t have much use for them since I’m not super athletic and all and I can’t crawl on walls or whatever…”
“She didn’t really tell us the plans, only that she needs much strength, you help her with that.”
“Wow, that’s weird,” Bruce exclaims. “If you don’t mind, I might want to have a look at your blood, see what exactly has been changed?”
“You can’t die, Sugarpie…” Yaël heard Wade’s voice echo in the nothingness. Oh, so she was getting hints now? What was this, some twisted game of cluedo? ‘Watch your friends and family die as you try to find the answer’, the new, sensational game! Okay, sure, Wade had claimed that Yaël was immortal, but there was no proof for that. Well, okay, she survived a Hulk-smash somehow, which seemed to be a big deal.
Finally, they saw the spaceships Korg had been talking about. Everybody started chattering happily, but Yaël heard a weird electric noise and signed to Korg so he’d listen.
“Of course I will,” he returns. And Tony reads, starting from the beginning. He doesn’t get to the end because it only takes a few minutes or Peter to fall asleep. Not long after that, a light flash comes into the Parkers’ home. Once it’s gone, Tony Stark has disappeared and Mary heads back to her bedroom to go to sleep as well.
Peter shouldn’t be too surprised about it, though. They’ve known there’s alien activity ever since the Chitauri attack back in 2012. Peter had been younger then, watching everything happening through the television with Uncle Ben and Aunt May next to him, holding him tightly as they watched Iron Man carry a nuclear bomb into space.
Peter starts to walk towards the subway, but that’s when he notices it; the motorcycle. He’s ridden on it before, recognizing the reinforced tires on the wheels. Peter walks towards it, searching for its driver but not seeing him at all.
When Wade was done with making Yaël look like she has royal blood, but the slutty version of that, he took the big box he brought with him and gave it to Yaël.
“It’s alright, Steve. I already knew what they were going to ask. Telepath, remember?” Wanda points at her head to accentuate it. Steve closes his eyes and groans even more. Meanwhile, Tony is still trying to regain his breath after almost choking on his coffee.
“I know! But I don’t like the idea of my sketchbook staying there with the bird-twins wandering around there!”
And as he tells them what he found, everybody stays quiet. The mention of Sokovia does that to them, more often than not. Grabbing a painkiller for his head and taking it with his coffee, Tony explains what his point of view is on this.
Once Steve is gone and Nat has taken his place on the chair, the woman fishes out a pair of cards and starts distributing them.
“Well, you’ve learned some things about your father, I guess it’s time you get to know your mother a little bit better, I think,” she admits. Then she picks up her bag and takes her keys. “I’m going to the store, can you do the dishes while I’m gone?”
“When did you lose your card?” Tony asks Peter.
This was clearly why she had been locked up in a glass cage.
“You know, doing the horizontal tango. The frickle-frack. Sex?”
“Eh, clichés work for a reason, right?” Tony returns. “I’m romantic that way.”
“I don’t really get how you don’t see how serious this is,” Peter mutters. The Cat rolls her eyes.
“Don’t you dare!” Yaël softly hissed at Peter. His eyebrow cocked in response. “Good luck!” she said as she turned back to Jason and then started pushing Peter towards the exit.
“Look who’s talking,” she tried to sound like she wasn’t crying. This could be the kid’s deathbed, and she wasn’t going to be around to help him. How could she? Yaël was upset, immediately imagining the boy’s funeral. Maybe she should just go to Berlin too, trying to stop the whole fight.
“So how is it going to go? Are you going to join us?” he asks. Steve startles at Peter’s sudden question, eyes open wide.
“Your girl?” Peter mumbles to himself, trying to think back of a time where Eddie had a girlfriend. One Peter might have stolen for some reason.
“Thor, Hulk, glad to finally meet you guys as well,” Peter jokes on. “Thought you guys would be more handsome in person.”
“I don’t see why not, Tony. You acted out of anger. It’s a horrible thing you can’t always control. Steve understands that, and he still loves you despite of it.”
Ned holds up his hand. “Scout’s honor!” he says. Peter rolls his eyes.
“Y-yeah, but you can’t die…”
Then the guy scrolls a bit forward.
“What? But I don’t have any powers or anything!” memory-Yaël yelled. X looked questioning at the real Yaël.
As Yaël didn't see any movements through the dust and stones, she walked to the pile to see if she could dig up Steve. A hand grabbed her ankle and pulled her foot away, so she landed with a smack on her back. She heard Steve's laugh and stones move as he freed himself from the pile of dirt she had caused.
“I rather hope this one is
“Yeah, sounds good,” Peter says, feeling a small thrill of excitement going through him at the idea that he’s going to have his own
“You should think about going international. The Avengers do it all the time.” Peter snorts, shaking his head and licking his lips, forgetting that he’s still wearing his mask and instead licking the fabric.
Peter feels like he can’t breathe. It’s been a while since he’s actually
Tony puts his fingers on the picture, wishing he could go back to those care-free days. Back when he hadn’t seen what he’s seen now. He takes a shaky breath, clearing his throat as he puts the picture back on the desk, turning towards Id-Jit and patting Peter’s bot on the ‘head’.
It’ll be fun, he said.
“Well, any friend of yours can be a friend of ours. She should hang out with us, maybe? I could use another girl in this group filled with testosterone,” Yaël laughs, and Peter laughs along with her. Then suddenly her eyes go wide and she turns towards Wade, shouting out something disturbing from that show of hers. Peter decides to stay out of it, instead looking a bit to the side and taking in the calm currently going around in the park.
“Yes, we have,” he says. Then, suddenly, a smile appears on Loki’s face. Whether it’s genuine or not, Steve has no idea.
, right? It can’t be that impossible to find out?
“No, it’s okay, Peter. Besides, everybody knows Superman is an alien,” Yaël assured him while throwing him a smile. She wasn’t here to make him feel bad. “You’re the first who actually says something about it, almost nobody knows this and the ones who do know, don’t look at me like I’m different. So, it’s okay this way, I still feel like one of you guys, but with a slightly different background-story.”
Bruce is back on his floor. T’Challa is seated next to Nakia on the couch of the penthouse, watching his sister as she explains excitedly how she already helped Evy Ross with the same kind of problem or whatever. Tony’s not sure what exactly happened back there in Wakanda – he was too busy screwing up his liver to really notice.
Shit, what he would do to get a drink right now.
Steve’s props seem to be portraying a lane of some sort. There are street lights, pots of flowers, and fake trees. The background is trying to represent the city, with the lights and the buildings. Meanwhile, Steve is wearing a simple tuxedo, with a bow tie around his neck and a flower in his left hand. He’s smelling it.
been lacking in the previous accords. And he knows they’re talking about Wanda, but it applies to Peter just as much.
Peter nods. Sound exciting.
Yaël snorted as she saw Fury in her contacts. Well, at least calling Professor X couldn’t be as bad as calling Fury would be. That man doesn’t seem to like her very much. She heard a beep trough the device as she pressed ‘call’. Almost immediately, she heard cracking that made her notice that someone picked up. X was one of these people who just picked up without saying anything, apparently.
“I’d say I’ll ask him, but I’m sure he won’t tell me,” Peter complains. Then he clears his throat, checking is his wallet is still in his back pocket, and gently shakes his shoulders loose. “Anyway, I’m heading out. You mind keeping an eye on those two upstairs? Make sure they don’t break up again? We all remember how their last split went.”
’. Happy had complied, not seeing that Peter actually went inside the building instead of getting another ride.
“Peter said something about Christmas back at Dr. Strange’s. What exactly was he talking about, Tony?” Bruce asks. Tony turns to him and gives him a faint smile.
Getting the movie ready to play, Tony waits on the couch for Steve to arrive. For just a few seconds, he closes his eyes, enjoying the alone-time they’re given.
I'm glad you guys like the story. It wouldn't have been possible without you all. You're amazing <3
Tony groans, having forgotten all about the tritium and the Octavius-stuff that happened yesterday. Steve lets out a small chuckle, pulling him back until they’re both lying on their sides.
“I am glad, too,” Steve says truthfully. “I just wish it doesn’t get to that point again.”
Quickly, Tony gets dressed, hurrying out of the hotel room without bothering to be quiet anymore. If he wakes up those girls, he doesn’t particularly care.
On Christmas Day, he hands Tony the package. And Tony gives him a surprised look as he opens it up, tearing the paper from the glass box and letting his mouth fall open from the surprise he’s seeing in front of him.
“Oh,  my dear, we’re not even on earth… And your second question is a bit harder to explain.” No, that’s impossible, right? Well, at least, that would explain why Yaël still didn’t know half of how earth worked. Like the voting system; it freaked her out.
“Yeah, it’s a little get-together. So far only a few of the Souza-Carter family are going to join, but you’re welcome, too,” Tony explains. Bruce nods happily.
“Peter! I didn’t know you were here, too?” Sharon asks in surprise. Natasha winks at him and then throws her arm over his shoulder. “What are you doing the entire day?”
“He’s been drinking again. He hasn’t drunk in months and suddenly he did it again. I don’t understand why- He was doing better, Steve!”
“It’s just… It’s not something I can just say right here, right now… We need a more… secluded spot. And Steve.”
He blinks, looking up when he hears his name. There’s Steve who’s glancing his way, worry clear in his eyes.
There’s a hard lump in Tony’s throat. No word is going to escape through his mouth anymore. All he can manage is a quick nod before Mary starts cleaning up the place to make it look like nobody came there. She takes the vials of blood from Richard with her to dispose of them somewhere Richard won’t find them.
“I see what you’re doing,” Peter warns Tony, and the man frowns, feigning innocence.
Steve nods, and when he leans forward to meet Tony’s lips, Peter quickly closes his eyes again. He can handle much, but watching the two in such a tiny intimate moment feels like a major breach of privacy. The fact that Tony is this calm despite the two of them never having talked about what happened before Steve left is surprising enough. It’s somehow immensely mature of Tony, all of which he’s always been told Tony is not.
Peter drops down the papers in the kitchen when he gets home.
super-spies. If anybody is going to win, it's certainly not the team with the loudest thunder-god."
In silence they walk through the hallways, though Vision leaves them halfway with the message that he has an appointment with the Captain. Still, after his departure Wanda doesn’t speak. When they get in the hallway with the bedrooms, Peter actually makes a sound; a surprised gasp.
“Shall we check on the great hall? The decorating should be about done now.”
"Fucking snow," Johnny mutters, walking towards the kitchenette and sitting down at the counter in front of Peter. When he's handed a mug with chocolate milk, he accepts it wordlessly. "Thanks."
But then FRIDAY’s words make him think.
While he loses Bruce almost instantly after they walk inside – the guy sees some people he hasn’t seen in a long while – both Steve and Peter stay by his side the entire time. With his hand still holding on to Steve’s, it’s not that hard to lose him. Peter, on the other hand, looks a bit like he’s out of his comfort zone. The people that are here are clearly businessmen. Tony recognizes most of them from past interactions during important parties. All dressed up in fancy suits or skirts, Tony’s glad they’ve decided to dress up for the occasion.
“It’s because Mr. Stark is too busy playing around in that flying suit of his that he forgets that he has a company under his name,” brown-glasses points out.
“Steve calm down for a bit,” Tony urges on. “In no way do I like this man, or agree in what he’s done. Even earlier he
using him.” Eddie walks forward, grabbing Peter by the suit and punching him once in the face. Peter coughs out some blood, having bitten his tongue in the process.
Yaël saw someone stepping outside the lift. Was that…her lord and savior, Peter. She jumped up and ran towards her friend. “P! How did it go? Are you, like, hired?” she started rambling, trying to escape from the god, who was still watching her.
“I can’t imagine a situation where I would regret this,” Steve counters.
“Whatever, she wants you to join her. She has big plans.” Yaël cocked her eyebrow.
There was music playing through her headphones, but all Yaël could think about was the song she always used to contact Raido. Too bad there wasn’t a version of it to put on her music player. The walls to her side indicated a graveyard behind them. For a second, Yaël stared through the gates, looking at the graves.
“We’re fine, how are you?” Steve asks. Tony wasn’t quick enough to respond given that both his arms are stuck around his family. LL, along with the crowd, starts laughing once again, obviously not used to getting that response.
“Alright, I’ll get him to bed and then I’m heading down. Good night, Stark.”
Shit. This is by far the worst situation for Bruce, and Tony being here just made it worse, literally.
Sleep beckoned, but right as Tony walked into his bedroom, ready to flop into bed and try to pass out, JARVIS spoke.
It was quick and precise, he had to be thankful for that. The repulsor beam shot out of the gauntlet like lightning, connecting directly with the wound at Steve’s side. Steve barely flinched, but his cry of pain, (barely a noise at all, more like a
“Jesus,” Steve whispered. Tony agreed, feeling his stomach twist. Special methods? What the fuck did that mean?
Steve’s grin grew, reminding Tony of the smile he’d given him after the Battle of New York, and Tony felt like he could leap buildings in a single bound. “I’d love to. If you still wanna show me?”
It was tedious, but it kept Thor from going too stir-crazy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking murderous, Natasha grabbed his other arm. “Tony Stark, don’t you even
“Shut the fuck up, Legolas,” Tony snapped.
Alright, so that was more than a few cuts and bruises. His entire left side was turning purple, particularly around his ribs. Guess that explained why it was so hard to breathe. There were also far more gashes along his arms and chest than he’d realized. Apparently getting thrown around by the Chitauri had slammed pieces of the armor’s plates he hadn’t realized were broken and jagged into various places on his body. That was a problem, one he’d have to focus on when starting the next Mark. Couldn’t have his own damn armor piercing his skin, that was ridiculous.
“Listen, Thor, it’s fine, I can do this all by my lonesome, I really don’t…”
Tony felt the flinch that went through Banner, the stiffness that went through Clint. Natasha didn’t react at all, her breathing pattern remaining the same. Somehow that made Tony even more nervous. His own heartbeat rabbited, as he stared at the guy the group had unofficially declared their leader, and wondered what the hell was about to go down.
“No, I just want you to trust that I can take care of shit on my own,” Tony snapped, not entirely sure why he was suddenly so angry. In the corner, DUM-E chirped softly, as if wanting to find a way to help.
Steve’s eyes briefly cut away from the window to glance at Tony, before quickly resuming their survey of the city. “Some people like the rain.”
“I don’t like seeing you hurt, either,” Steve said, and Tony stopped fidgeting to blink at him.
, but then his heart had to go and have some kind of psychotic episode while talking with Alexander Pierce. So now Tony was pretty sure he could pull a Rip Van Winkle and sleep the next thousand years — if only he could get to the damn shawarma joint and cease his stomach’s rumblings first.
Rhodey winced as the elevators opened. “Don’t even suggest such a thing. Luckily, you’ve got yourself some teammates now. I gotta admit, I’m happy they stuck around after Loki. They’re good for you, Tony.”
“He thought it would be good for Steve to work with Shield, have a purpose outside the Avengers, yes. The Strike team was one area of consideration. But Steve was rightfully focused on finding Loki, and wasn’t interested.”
“If we’re going to work as a team, you have to trust us,” Natasha said, finishing up one sandwich and sliding the plate his way.
, he ordered his mouth, and to make sure he did so, he lifted his mug and took an obnoxiously long gulp of coffee. When he thought he could handle the embarrassment of picking the conversation back up, he risked a glance at Steve.
It had started off as a good day. Thanks to the gym Tony had installed after the Battle of New York, the Avengers were already gathered together. In a rare day off from SI and DoDC, Tony was also participating, getting his ass kicked by everyone but Bruce. It would have been humiliating, but he’d known Nat could kick his ass for years, and wasn’t surprised to find Barton just as deadly.
Instead he sat on the bed with a glass of scotch, emotions swirling all the hell over the place.
Natasha only hummed, then turned to lift her eyebrows at Steve, who stood in the kitchen alone now, eyes wide, hand gripping the counter tightly.
“Hey, Cap. Everything alright?” Tony asked, setting down the blowtorch in his hand.
Annoying as hell, though, Tony thought, while he rubbed a hand over the reactor and tried to catch his breath. He’d just defeated a fire army, but his brain was still stuck on the damn portal? What the hell was that? Fighting back a wave of vertigo, Tony reached for some mints and popped them in his mouth. Stupid aliens, stupid Kilian, stupid armies. Ugh.
“Come on, Maya, we gotta move, we gotta get the hell outta —shit!” Tony yelped, as Fire Guy lunged. Throwing himself backward, Tony avoided getting hit again by snatching up a fire extinguisher and yanking the pin. Aiming wildly, he covered Fire Guy with foam. The dude stopped dead, cursing up a storm, and Tony grinned with satisfaction.
“Yeah, yeah, alright.”
“Oh yes, you do.” Tony resumed his grin, showing all his teeth.
“I would never consider otherwise, sir.”
“Yes!” Tony shouted as Mary latched on right away. “Good job, let’s go!”
Shit.
So instead of mocking the poor guy, Tony nodded. “Great, let’s fix this small heart problem and get….” He trailed off when the elevator doors opened and frowned at who they revealed on the other side. “Cap. What are you doing here?”
“Hi back, Sleeping Beauty. You feeling okay?”
Maya paused. “I think we should go somewhere else for this conversation.”
Which meant when Pepper called, demanding to know if he would be appearing at the Holiday Gala they always attended together, (that she’d already flown to New York for), he reluctantly agreed to make an appearance, and finally left Steve’s side to go get dressed.
“Phil wouldn’t have gone along with it. He wouldn’t…he wouldn’t do that.” Voice trembling, Clint rubbed a hand at his mouth. “Not unless there was no other choice.”
“Thanks, Tony. I will,” Steve said, and though the promise wasn’t a solemn vow, Tony felt the weight of them surge through him.
“You can trust me,” Tony said before he really thought about it. Once the words were blurted, his mind blanked, while Steve lowered his mug and blinked at him. Oh
Which left his Science Bro. Bruce tried to help, which was nice, but he didn’t know the repulsor technology like Tony did and often left way before Tony tired to get more sleep. Which meant Tony remained in the lab, alone, working until he face-planted on the table. Then he woke and continued on.
“Uh…”
Giving the building the stink eye himself, Tony reported, “Hill says the agents aren’t able to close in without the baddies blasting at them with stolen Chitauri staves and guns. There’s also talk about a crowbar and a wrecking ball?”
“He ripped my fucking heart out of my chest,” Tony snapped. “Doesn’t mean I should have let him get away with what he did.”
“Uh.” Actually, that was a good point. God only knew what tricks Loki was capable of pulling. And wouldn’t he get a kick out of pulling one over the leader of the Avengers after they’d defeated him?
Chuckling, Tony stretched some more while the elevator lifted him up. His favorite blend was in the communal floor, so JARVIS wasn’t entirely fabricating. He’d have to get a cup while figuring out whatever J was up to.
“Not really,” he said honestly. At least he’d finally gotten something to eat and a chance to shower. That had to count for something.
Clint snorted. “Stark’s got a hard head, he’ll be fine. But don’t worry, Doc. I’ll keep watch.”
Purple jets of light erupted everywhere. It was a constant, endless torrent, from a group on the other side of the garage, and all of them focused on Steve — who was taking out the ones he could while under the constant attack, the shield out in front of him, offering protection. Not far away, Thor battled the crowbar guy, a dude with oversized, pile-driving fists, and the one Maria had warned about with the demotion ball on a chain.
had been the one to rip that distressed sound out of his throat) would surely haunt Tony’s nightmares for years. It broke something in him, shattered something he hadn’t realized was fully put together. As he watched the misery that crossed Steve’s face, another little piece exploded to smithereens at the knowledge that he’d so callously hurt the man that he loved.
from!?”
Steve’s face flushed, and Tony’s grin widened. Damned if Steve’s blushing wasn’t something he sought after now. It was remarkably adorable.
“Clint and Natasha…” Steve began. He sighed. “I don’t think they’re Hydra. I feel it in my gut. But this is going to be awful for them.”
Steve’s flush deepened. “I know. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah.” Tony grinned. “But she’s not.”
“Tony, can you open your eyes?”
“And it will be
“What do they want? Somebody to renovate for them?” Tony asked, swerving around a lamppost.
“I’ve got it,” Clint assured him.
Steve sighed. “Tony—”
A tightness that had nothing to do with the reactor occurred in his chest. “Weren’t you busy being a Capsicle at the time? What would you know about it?”
“Well, at least this time you don’t have to worry too much if he grabs the fire extinguisher. It might improve your look at this point.”
“As soon as you got here, they were all focusing on you, Tony. I was only trying to take the pressure off. I knew I would be fine—”
Steve’s steps were getting heavier and heavier.
Steve frowned. “I don’t know what you mean, but we can go over it later, we need to get out of here. Do you need help?”
“Hey yourself, Cap. Where’ve you been, you and Barton all right? You’ve had Bruce and Thor terribly concerned, you should be ashamed,” Tony said, trying not to let the panic he’d felt since last night show.
Well-used to Tony’s antics, Rhodey folded his arms. “Uh huh. JARVIS?”
“I think you’re just fine,” she said, eyes sparkling.
Luckily Bruce spoke again. “At least he finally let me look over
But he had to admit, as the days grew closer and closer to Christmas, he might have hovered just a bit too much. Steve’s mouth grew into a thin line whenever Tony asked how the solider was feeling. And he got downright surly when Tony insisted he sit on the couch and not lift heavy objects. But he just couldn’t help himself. Steve’s injury — the garish gash that had nearly taken him out — popped into his mind whenever he closed his eyes. Tony couldn’t stop checking on Steve, from making sure he was okay.
“Harry! How is Harry doing? And Emily? Are they fine?”
“Well, it’s a bit complicated and as you’re drunk, and you don’t even remember big parts and persons of your life when you’re sober, I think it’s smarter to wait until you remember a bit more before I explain this to you. Let’s just say that, when you arrived in New York, you didn’t really know which side you were on.”
“I’m, uh,” Tony starts, looking down at himself. All he sees is the cable of the IV lying over the sheets he’s pulled over himself. “I’m alright. Peter didn’t have the phone, it was with me.”
“Should have used those reflexes to save your girlfriend,” Flash says.
“I love you,” Steve utters out. “I love you so much, I feel like the words fall short, like they can’t express just how much I care for you.” Steve’s hands are rested on Tony’s cheeks, his eyes looking at him sadly, but also full of adoration. “But I just don’t know if I can help you, Tony; Last panic attack you kicked me out and I stayed away for three weeks or so.”
“You saw the message. That’s how you found out about Peter. He wouldn’t have been able to know, otherwise. Which then would mean that I would be dead, wouldn’t it?”
“Peter, what are you doing?” Tony asks in confusion.
“Oh, you’ll love it,” Tony quickly assures him, pulling away from the wall and picking out his cellphone.
“Peter, honey, wake up,” Tony whispers out. He jumps out of his suit, pulling Peter’s off as well. Knowing everything about the iron spider, he removes it completely, taking Peter’s frail form into his arms. Pulling him close to himself, he starts rocking him around. “C’mon baby boy, open those eyes, huh? Give me something.”
“No, I’m going to test all I want,” he suddenly starts in a strange act of surprising bravery. He stands up from his chair, surprising everybody in the room, including himself. “Because for
“I’ll, uh, I’ll keep the phone with me? Dad keeps it in the box all the time, so I don’t think he’ll notice it’s gone.”
Peter likes that about her; she can stand her ground.
“Finally! Are you guys okay?” the voice of Clint Barton asks. Steve, who still has a protective arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulder, lets out a relieved breath.
“For crying out loud, Stevie, who takes it up the ass?” James suddenly asks. Steve’s whole posture changes after that. He stands still, eyes wide and mouth fallen open. As if it’s just a picture of Steve standing in front of them, he’s unmoving.
“Well, uh, kind of. He helped me making this suit,” Tony says before he can think of anything else.
“Yes, but if they’re too late, they’ll be severely outnumbered,” Sam admits. “Tony, he’s been driving himself crazy these past few days. Even yesterday before… everything… that CIA agent, Carter… she kissed him, and all he did was cry. He actually scared her.”
Tony opens up his eyes, seeing in front of him a dark, unfamiliar room that doesn’t even resemble anything that he owns in the tower
“Why?”
“Okay, I love you.”
DEADWADE
“You know where to find me, I’m always here. You got the samples, you bring them to me, and I’ll tell you in fourteen days’ time,” she then reveals, pulling out the last shard and starting to clean the wounds before starting to stitch them up together. Peter still doesn’t feel anything of it.
.” Inside, Yaël literally ran into Vision, who looked at her with pure shock in his eyes.
“Like, seriously, I haven’t even spent a full hour with that guy and he hates my guts so much?!” Peter complains towards Harry. “Talk about something coming right out of nowhere!”
“Okay, I’m sure that’s gonna end up great,” he offers a bit in sarcasm. Wanda giggles, and Vision shrugs. “Actually, I’m a bit surprised Steve would even agree to this, even. Maybe dad’s rubbing off on him.”
“I don’t know, maybe? I really need Bruce on this one because I just don’t think I can do it, Steve,” Tony counters. And it’s true; he might be a genius, but it takes someone with actual knowledge about biology to know what they’re supposed to be doing here. And, sure, Peter’s good at biology, but his judgement is clouded. He might be trying
It had been. The conversations you had with him in your dream have really taken place in the past.
“I can’t go there, they’ll kill me!” The man looked over his shoulder with a wide grin.
But he didn’t. “
Missions had been easier than dealing with his feelings. Of course, Steve hadn’t really understood what he had been running from at the time. He just blamed it on his discomfort being around Stark, because that’s what it was after all.
“How come you haven’t escaped yet?” Yaël didn’t even have the energy to scare up from the sudden, recognizable voice. She just tilted her head to look Loki in the eyes.
“Kind of, but you did impress Liz, so it seems,” she says, nodding towards the girl seated a few tables away from them. The moment she notices them staring, she looks away, back to her friends and pretending she wasn’t observing them. “You two did dance together
Steve… his name sounded familiar.Wait, didn’t he take care of her when she was locked up? Maybe that aspect of her dream had been real?
Right at that moment, her mother, with two different eye colours, braided long, dark hair and a white gown, looked a bit like an elf. When Yaël heard some sort of scraping noise, she searched where it was coming from. There, under a tree with branches and leaves looking like those from a Weeping Willow, sat Cem, carving into a piece of wood.
“Hello?” he asks carefully. There’s another grunt. Miles moves forward, gasping when he sees something red on the ground. At first his mind tells him that it’s blood, but then he notices that it moves. It’s a boot, a foot, something like that.
“I know all of you constantly think that I’m joking, but I care for your son. A lot.” Wade sighs. “I would go back, be the hero myself, but it’s not my thing to do.”
“I’m sorry!” Harry squeaks, turning his head to the side. “It’s just- you’re just so beautiful.”
“Yeah, fine,” she says, without trying to pay too much attention to him.
Once, a young-adolescent boy, about her age back then, came looking for her in the forest. Tricking her into believing she was special and beautiful, she naively took a walk with him and ended up in an open place in the forest with a few kids waiting for them. These kids were friends of the boy that lured her into it in the first place. She ended beaten up, her hands tied to high branches so all her weight made the rope cut into her wrists. The kids left her for dead and it took Cem a few hours before he found her forest-maze.
Strange warns them when he activates the eye. Green light emerges from his hands, but nothing really seems to change. That is, until something invisible lifts Peter back up, and brings him back through the portal they came through.
“That was exciting,” she says, breathless.
Without even thinking about it, Yaël steered the rain and hail away from her, so it seemed she had some sort of waterproof shield around her. She picked up the leaves and started putting them into big bags. When she looked up, she saw Mrs. Thompson staring at her from her kitchen window, with her mouth fallen open.
“FRIDAY, can you put up the pics May took from yesterday?” he asks.
“Who’s Mary?” Steve asks. Tony then chuckles despite himself, shaking his head again.
It’s going to be a mission to find Johnny in all this, somehow. Peter inspects every single person around him, but there’s only faces he doesn’t recognize other than maybe a few people from his class. Still, he doesn’t know them enough to just ask them if they’ve seen Johnny.
“The problem is; is it worth it to start babyproofing the apartment? He might just change back tomorrow,” Tony wonders, looking at Peter chasing from one corner to the other until he gets to the wall. Then, when he starts climbing up, Tony hurries into action to pry him off again.
Ned asks, clear annoyance in his voice. His right eyebrow is raised up, clearly unimpressed by Peter’s attempt of staying awake.
T’Challa nods in understanding. They don’t say anything else until the car stops. Once they’ve exited the vehicle, Tony is guided inside, the two of them surrounded by guards. Tony quickly realizes that he hasn’t even taken the time to look around while they were driving. It’s a shame, apparently Wakanda is supposed to be a highly advanced country. Tony would have loved to get a look at their technology.
They’re only fifteen minutes in, and Peter already feels like the entire back of his head is soaked from Flash’ nasty spit all over his hair. What he would do right now to take a shower. He hasn’t felt so uncomfortable as right now.
He was greeted by Natasha, who had her arms crossed as she leaned against the wall. There was some worry clear in her eyes.
“Tomorrow you just write that you updated Dum-E’s protocol or something,” Tony tells him while taking a pen.
“Downstairs, went to train a little bit. He likes to train alone,” he explains. Then he finally looks up, but not at Peter. Instead, his eyes are pointed at the ceiling. “Is he still training, FRIDAY?”
There’s nobody around. The only one seeing him change is a stray cat, who hurries off the moment it realizes it’s not alone.
“We can’t stay for long. We’ve already been here half an hour and it’s only one hour at a time,” Peter warns him the moment the doctors are gone. He fishes out a tablet from his bag and hands it to Tony. “I thought you might want this for a little while?”
“Yes, they did marry,” Peter answers. Tony doesn’t know what that weird tugging in his chest is all of the sudden. His friendship with Mary had been something he cherished for long even after she made it clear she wouldn’t see him again. She’s probably one of the first people he genuinely loved, and he had on multiple occasions even almost asked her out, only to whimp out at the last second.
Tony starts, but then he’s suddenly slammed to the side. The crazy dude has returned, looking annoyed at being disturbed like that. Peter freezes on the spot when the man starts walking back his way, hands ready to throw whatever spell he can think of at him.
In under a minute, he gets Ned’s reply.
“Shut up, fossil,” Tony fights back, but he knows it’s hopeless.
Peter clears his throat and starts to take his bag where the suit is safely tucked away. Without feeling any shame for taking his clothes off in the workshop, he quickly puts it on. It feels just as amazing as the first time he got to wear it, but now, the moment he puts his mask on, he’s greeted by Karen’s happy, soothing voice.
“Can I see him?” Peter asks, knowing that he’s sounding extremely hopeful here. Steve gives him a long look before nodding.
But after a few minutes she grunted and started knocking on the door that could only open when the lift arrived.
“I’m sorry, that didn’t work, can I try calling another number?” he asks. The girl shrugs, holding up her arms to indicate that he can do whatever he wants. Peter nods thankfully, typing down the number he knows by memory. This one takes a little bit longer before it’s picked up.
Well, she isn’t pissed at him anymore. He guesses that should count for something.
“I expect you are the other members of Avengers?” a woman asks next to them. Everybody turns around to find a pale, dark-haired woman looking at them with large, serious eyes. Only half of the group seems to recognize her, though the woman next to them is familiar enough.
“Peter, it’s a trap!” MJ calls out. Peter shakes his head.
“Don’t try to move, sweety,” Aunt May’s voice suddenly says. Against her advice, Peter turns his head to his left, finding his Aunt sitting there, looking worried. When she squeezes his hand, he realizes she must have been holding it the entire time. “You had a metal pin in your back that punctured your spleen and caused for a lot of internal blood-loss. But they discovered it quickly and they managed to stitch it back up.”
What the hell happened?
Wow, Yaël must have fucked things up before she lost her memory. This Fury didn’t seem close to liking her.
Suddenly, Yann appears with a couple of water bottles with him. Handing one to each of them, he nods towards the exit.
“Tony, don’t-“
“How did you even know we needed a cab?” Yaël asks in confusion as she steps inside.
“Peter, what’s wrong?”
“Hey hot shot, you want me to blow you? I know a quiet place we could go,” the guy mumbles, drunkenly trying to flirt with Peter, who rolls his eyes and pushes the guy to the side.
Just some alone time. The roof can guarantee that.
“More disastrous than they are right now?!” Barnes shouts out angrily. Then he points towards Tony and Peter. “Look at this! Look at what is happening outside! How can things get worse?! We’ve lost too many people already!”
?!” he asks in a shout. “Why did nobody tell us?”
“Yeah, I’ll go take a breath,” Peter says, pushing himself up and getting back on his feet. He’s aware that Francis is saying something else, but Peter doesn’t hear it. He just stumbles forward, keeping his hand on the wall as he heads towards the door that will bring him to the roof.
Peter lifts an eyebrow, smirking towards the archer as he sees Scott winning on the screen.
“You know, Steve… I don’t really like your name,” Tony teases. It gets a reaction from Steve, who pulls away and puts a frown on his forehead. His surprise is quite an amusing sight.
“He realized he left his friends with Bruce and headed back,” Steve says with a shrug. Tony looks at the empty spot with a slight suspicion before nodding and carefully heading back to his former seat. For a moment, Steve fears.
‘Ugh. Whatever you want, man.’
Having her in front of him, he realizes that any kind of romantic love he felt for her has now disappeared somehow. He loves her still, yes, but something’s shifted.
But even hanging out with him can’t seem to distract Peter. Harry is, after all, Harry, and he has never really understood humility or compassion the way Peter has been taught it. It’s not his fault, either, it’s just a sad fact.
“So, it seems you’ve made your mind about the direction you were wanting to go?” Mr. Stark asks while he, too, sits himself down on his chair. Then he leans his chin onto his hands, while his elbows are resting on the desk. Peter simply nods again, letting out a nervous chuckle.
“Crap…”
“Dad, Steve’s not here, remember? He’s in Wakanda.”
She didn’t have a weapon except for her powers anymore, so they just had to do. With just a move of her hand the guy sunk knee-deep into the earth and got stuck. As she was still a bit exhausted from getting electrocuted, she used a few movements to start freezing the man. She ran in circles around him, making sure it went as quick as possible. The man panicked and yelled, thinking he was facing his death.
“I’ll be back for you, Spider-Man!” the Goblin then shouts out right before disappearing back into the air. The Falcon and War Machine race back after him, but Clint and Cap stay down watching them leave with a loud sigh escaping from their mouths. Peter drops himself on the ground and just lies down, looking into the sky through his mask and noticing that there are some scratches in his glasses. Great, he’ll need to get that fixed once more.
When none comes, he realizes that the music is probably too loud for anybody to hear them. Peter then shrugs and opens the door himself. With no invitation granted towards him, Peter just walks inside, seeing more people from his school dance on every available space they can find. He shouldn’t be too shocked that most of them are already drunk and mostly just rubbing against each other instead of dancing.
“Isn’t it a five-hour flight from here to there?” Peter asks. Tony just snorts before passing his hand back through Peter’s hair.
“Peter?!” she asks when she sees him. Her eyes open wide upon noticing his state of undress. She doesn’t cover herself up at all, seeming uncaring about her nudity. Peter, ever the gentleman, still shifts his gaze away to the side.
“That, and it’s a good distraction for the Grandmaster.”
Once he’s climbed up onto the balcony the lights turn on. Peter takes that chance to get a good look at his suit, finding that his once-red gloves are now indeed black. His wrists are bare, no longer carrying the technology he needs to shoot his webs. There are no refills on his belt, nothing.
“Done,” she mumbled as she stopped tapping the body heat from the guard on the floor. She turned around and faced Korg and Miek with a wide grin.
The number is close to none, except for…
No wonder he’s so ill at ease.
“Alright,” she returns. Then she follows the others back into the hallway. Tony closes the door behind her before removing the suit and storming towards the desk.
“No way, Wade, you’re never going to dress me again. Last time, your dress caused fights at a bar.”
He’s aware that Dr. Palmer has to get Tony’s attention back a few times. She doesn’t seem surprised, instead more relieved about it. Peter wonders if there’s a specific reason for that, but at the same time he doesn’t care. Right now, all he wants is for them to be back home, for Tony to be better.
“Breaking through the door?” Peter asks out loud.
“Probably a few hours,” he answered in English, like he didn’t even speak Norse or Sil. But in dreams, everything was possible.
FRIDAY explains just as Tony is figuring it out. He leans back in his seat for a bit and lets out a long sigh. Then he takes a look at the phone, and reaches out his hand to see if the documents have been downloaded yet.
Tony smirks, filling his cup with coffee and then taking place at the table, not addressing the boys but still talking loud enough for them to hear.
Finding an app which allows him to build some inventions together through holograms, Peter constructs himself some sort of spider-drone. He adds a lot in it; facial recognition camera’s, enhanced auditory senses that signals towards the original source of power, flight and crawl-mode, and even some electrical charges which would allow minimal self-defense. He thinks he finishes it rather quickly, but when he looks up again he finds that it’s already half past ten, and Tony is sitting on the couch next to him, also with a tablet in his hands.
“Not like I needed a driver’s license in space,” she tried to bitch back, but it sounded a bit weakly. Peter looked at her like he just saw her turn into the green creature everyone thinks about when you say the word ‘alien’, with eyes wide open. Cap, on the other hand, already knew she was an alien. He was just surprised she remembered it and he was probably putting the pieces together since she talked to him about her banishment the night before. “Oh yeah, apparently I’m an alien from outer space. Who knew, right?” she tried to sound uncaring about it, but that topic, too, was a big frustration. Her life was a big frustration.
So he starts to read the one he suspects is the very first of them all, putting the other ones back into the box without watching. The cap driver asks if it’s alright if he puts on some music, and Peter holds his thumb up.
It’s been only a week, but it felt like much longer. With school and the internship combined, he already had so little time to just do this, but he has a free day, today, so he’s going to make the best of it. So Peter does his usual patrol, swinging above New York and dropping down whenever he sees something that isn’t alright.
she asks for clarification. Tony just laughs and detaches the safety belt before reaching for the door.
Still, he does make his way inside and instantly moves to the reception. The lady behind the desk just drops down the phone when he gets to her, and her smile is bright as she looks upon him.
“Yes, that’s the intention, as I don’t want you to die from a fever.”
“Not like we’ll ever be able to say that we’re full,” Michelle mutters before walking away. Peter glares at her as she wanders off. Why does she even keep on hanging out with them if it’s only to offer sarcastic remarks and being a jerk.
After that, there are footsteps, then a closing door. Tony starts shivering the moment Steve is out of the room, falling down on his knees and pressing his forehead against the floor. His tears rolling over his cheek, his heart aching.
“To what?” Oh, he’s getting snappy. This is just too good.
Because that’s pretty much all he can do; take care of robberies and muggings on the street. So far, the Avengers have made it perfectly clear that they don’t want him near the
The moment the line goes over, Tony realizes that he can’t see Peter. He must have his camera turned off, then.
“I believe that’s mine,” Hela turned back to Yaël and squeezed her throat a bit harder. “I demand you to put it back!” Yaël noticed Hela’s skin started to look like paper.
A look into the microscope. The result is still not what Tony would have liked it to be. He doesn’t give up, instead starting over and trying a different approach. The trick is not to lose his patience here, which is a hard enough task to do since his patience is pretty much at the verge of dying right at this point.
The only problem is the elevator stopping too early. That’s not supposed to happen, right? Peter frowns, hesitating on putting the suit back on quickly but realizing he’s out of time to do so. The doors of the elevator open, revealing Clint and Sam in the middle of a discussion on aerodynamics, maybe. The moment they see Peter, they stop talking. Eyes widened, they stand in the opening of the elevator, preventing it from closing.
“Did you forget who you’re dealing with?” Thanos’s annoyed voice rumbled through the speakers. The last thing Yaël had seen, was Loki growling as a few men grabbed his arms and started pulling him backwards as his legs refused to work.
Peter nods, looking at the ceiling and willing for FRIDAY to have heard all this.
Sitting on the side of his bed, Peter starts rubbing his eyes.
Hissing as she quickly put the coat on again, since she was still trying to keep FRIDAY unwarned, she walked out of the basement. She peeked around again, hoping that Rhodey and Vision were still busy doing whatever those two did. She walked to her room and put all the stuff, including the card and coat, back into the box and shoved it back under her closet.
“I guess because he didn’t understand why I visited Harry…that and I was angry that nobody seemed to be able to cure him.”
doesn’t need to know that both Peter Parker and Spider-Man are kind of good at this stuff. He doesn’t need the connection.
He debates about taking a cab or using the suit, but feeling the need to just be ‘normal’ for a moment, he decides to go with the first option. In his mind, he makes up a note to get some new pills at his new appointment to Dr. Thatch.
“Oh, God, Tony! Every time!” Steve groans in frustration, walking away from Tony in annoyance. “Every time I think you see things the right way…”
The man’s lips turned a tint lighter as he pressed them together after that question. For a split-second, it seemed like Yaël hurt him. But then, a smirk ran over his face as he answered.
“Maybe she does, maybe she doesn’t!” Okay, this had been a bad idea. Right now, Yaël just wanted to kick Nilla’s perfect teeth out of her mouth. But she had a feeling that the Queen’s plans were shifty and were going to be harmful.
- cheating
“Zip it and watch the movie,” she tells him shortly. Peter closes his mouth again and nods lightly. He lets his head rest on top of hers, finding that he enjoys the closeness they’re sharing. He remembers how it was with Gwen, and though he still misses her dearly, it doesn’t hurt as much anymore. He feels like he’s no longer held back, and that he can just go for it again.
“Oh no,” Peter groaned, his cheeks turned red once again. He had clearly been trying to avoid that subject, but unlucky for him, Yaël wasn’t quickly ashamed of these kinds of conversations and she felt like she just had to clear this ‘unspoken’ thing out, or they’d both be thinking and asking themselves questions about it for the rest of their life.
“I, uh…” Tony is speechless. When did they get married? Is it after Mary fell pregnant with Peter? But, Tony really loved her back then… so, was their relationship doomed to fail like this anyway? Was there never any hope for them? Mary must have known that, somehow. She must have known they wouldn’t be happy.
How rude could a man be? Just hanging up on him like that? That’s just- Peter can’t even express how angry he’s suddenly feeling right now. Especially when he looks up to see the door leading back to the elevator open up, inviting Peter back inside.
in your fysiology.”
At some point, Charles words faded away. As if she couldn’t hear him anymore, because she could still feel him yell. She felt the vibration of his angry, desperate screaming in her bones, but she didn’t hear him anymore.
“So, uh, you have a son now?” he asks. “And, uh, a new liver? Remind me again why you’re not at the hospital if the surgery was only five days ago?”
“Yeah, just came back from Dr. Cho. She took out the stitches,” Peter explains. Tony looks at him the, all of the sudden, eyes wide again.
the holograph said happily. The audience went nuts as Yaël suddenly heard something creak open. On the other side of the arena, her opponent, a big muscular guy, carrying a long, shiny word with a purple skin colour walked in. Yaël looked down at her own rusty sword.
Jane laughs for a short moment. Thor smiles as well.
“That, and for that awesome ass-kicking you did.” Tony kisses the side of Peter’s head before the three pull back a little bit. Out of reach from the microphone, Steve, too, leans towards Peter to tell him something. Tony can’t hear it over the screams, but he doesn’t mind. They can have their private moment as well.
Ned then comes back, sounding actually apologetic about it. Peter shakes his head, letting out a sigh. “
Wade appeared to be relaxed while driving like someone who had just escaped jail. Yaël just wanted to bark something at him about almost killing a few people and ruining a hot-dog stand, when she looked outside and saw police following them. Holy fuck, was he trying to kill them again? Yaël threw a glance at Peter, who started cursing. He looked a bit pale. She hoped he wouldn’t puke on his clothes before his interview with Stark. Yaël wanted to pat his leg to calm him down, but she suddenly heard Wade scream.
Tony whirled, in time to see the guy with orange eyes and fiery skin slam his fist out, connecting with the side of his face.
Then he knew nothing else.
“Then let me make a play,” Tony said. “I’ve got an idea.”
“Of course he will, JARVIS is my baby, he would never pick anyone else over me. Right, J?” Tony asked, looking expectantly at the ceiling.
Clint strolled in, Natasha right behind him. Eyebrows practically shooting to his hairline, the archer took one look at the melee and destruction and whistled. “Damn. You guys can’t fight for shit without us.”
“I don’t like the cold and wet either,” Steve admitted a few moments later.
“He hurt you.”
“Steve, he fell,” Tony began, but Steve shook his head again.
“It’s alright, we’ll pour one out from him later. Now let’s get going. Lean on me, you look like death.”
“I believe he did, sir. In a very backhanded way.”
“You aren’t the weakest of us, Tony. Far from it. So when you are feeling like that, tell yourself you’re wrong, and come find any of us. We’ll tell you the same.”
“Guys, look, here’s the deal. Let me outta here, I’ll give you a better job with more money,” Tony said, standing up so he would look more legit offering a deal.
“I am sorry, sir. But Agent Romanoff was the closest resident of the Tower, and I thought she could assist,” JARVIS said, obviously guessing what Tony was thinking.
“Clint’s known for going radio silent while shaking a tail,” she told him, again. “Give them a little longer, Tony.”
“It’s just a few cuts,” he said, and blanched when her eyes narrowed. “Alright, maybe some bruised ribs again.”
“You said I could trust you,” Steve said after Tony had been squirming under his gaze for over a million years.
“You don’t understand. You have
“What about this one?
Rubbing at his eyes with his free hand, Tony nodded. “Where’s Natasha?”
“Ohh-kay,” Tony breathed, eyes wide.”Right.”
Clint sighed. “I really wish he would.”
“Oh? What’s that?”
She moved, so fast she was a bit of a blur at first and shocked him into dropping his sandwich. One moment she was on the other side of the counter, the next she was in front of him, looking exceptionally young and almost innocent with her hair pulled back and no makeup on her face.
The sheer nerve.
, coming, actually I know that bastard was in on the Vanko mess with Hammer, I just haven’t been able to prove it yet…Nat? You alright?” he asked, because the spy’s eyes had widened slightly (which meant on a regular non-super spy person they would have been as round as dinner plates) and she looked from Tony to Stern with flared nostrils.
“What good am I if I can’t even save my best friend?”
“Okay, Cap, what have we got?” he asked, and then nearly doubled over as Steve finally moved his arm, and he got his first look at the wound. “Oh, Jesus. Steve.”
“Maybe they really are jealous of the hair,” Tony said, and continued to kick ass.
“I…” Brain still fuzzy by what had happened (Steve had kissed him. Sure it had been a dare and would never happen again, but Steve had
Tony took one look at the defeated set of Steve’s shoulders and sighed. “I take it you didn’t succeed in capturing Loki, either.”
A red haze flashed over Tony’s vision, so blinding he nearly vibrated with it.  “Fine. Fine! You
Bile rose to the back of his throat as his mind pondered the things it took to scare the Black Widow. “Natasha. It’s going to be—”
“Love you,” he mumbled, tipping his face into the pillow. He didn’t ask why she didn’t call back. Didn’t have the strength for the answer.
alright?”
“Tony?” She looked from him, to Steve, and cringed.
Steve would be okay.
“Startle me? You had my heart leaping into my throat. What the hell, I thought you were asleep.”
“Oh come on,” Tony scoffed, turning to get ready to go find him and Thor and help. “It’s a small group of wanna-be bad guys, Cap, I think it will be——”
But hey, there was a lake, and houses all over nearby, and while it was cold and not perfect, it was better than letting them go splat on the ground. Pulling up a little more, he got them over the water, scanning the depths and temp to make sure it wouldn’t shock them too much, and dropped them in.
It was a shock to see the decorations every time he left the penthouse. Normally Tony let professional decorators do the Malibu mansion, and he’d called them in to do the majority of the floors in the Tower. But the Avenger’s floors had been decked out by Thor and Jane and Darcy while Steve had been in the medical wing. They thought it would cheer him up, which it certainly had, but they’d also been left unsupervised — resulting in a mishmash of red and green and gold being strung everywhere and enough Christmas lights to make them sparkle behind Tony’s eyes when he blinked. They’d petitioned to try and get to the penthouse too, but so far Tony had managed to evade them with JARVIS’s help….although with Christmas so close, he was unlikely to keep them out much longer.
“Hey!”
Tony picked it up and jabbed it at her. “Pot, kettle. You telling me you trust anyone but Barton?”
Hindsight, and all that, he thought, and strolled around, getting reacquainted with everything, spending time fussing over Butterfingers and U. No need to dwell on it. Fingers tapping a quick beat on the reactor, Tony ordered JARVIS to pull up his latest suit’s schematics and dove right in.
“I am not going to
“To get ready. In case Hydra attacks. Phil’s team would have total loyalty to him, there’s no way they wouldn’t, even early on,” Clint said. “It’s
his calculations were correct, fuck his math never being wrong, this was
They’d only received postcards from Natasha and Clint. Tony knew they had gone straight back to Shield after Steve’s revelations, to dig in deep where they could, and see what they could determine on their own, and Fury was apparently keeping them busy on missions. All he could do now was wait. Wherever they were, whatever they were doing, Tony knew in his heart they would make their way back to the team eventually.
Feeling the sweat and lingering nausea of the nightmare completely fade away as he watched Steve work, Tony’s grin grew as he walked across the workshop.
“Hi, Tony.”
“I mean it. We’ve got a ton of people to wine and dine tonight, and I can’t do that if I’m wallowing in self-pity.”
“Me too.” Steve smiled sadly. “Thanks for asking, Tony. It means a lot.”
“Where is he?” Natasha asked quietly.
Nodding sadly, she picked up the plate and moved to leave. Unsure of what the hell he was doing, but not wanting to be alone, and wanting to see if there was a chance he could take her word for it, Tony blurted, “Wanna watch Firefly?”
“I won’t apologize for my actions in battle,” Steve said.
“Yes, it was.”
“It’s not exactly a walk in the park for you, either, Spangles,” Tony pointed out.
“I have a suit of armor that could have easily withstood another several hours! Dammit Steve, why would you do that?”
He didn’t really know Pierce, which made him automatically suspicious of him. He was suspicious of Fury too, but well. The bastard had tried to stop the nuke. Whether that was because he had been trying to do the right thing, or if he was trying to play them all was anybody’s guess.
Oh, hell, Pepper would kill him if she found out he’d talked to Happy and got him all riled up. “Happy. Relax.”
“I am Mr. Stark’s artificial intelligence system, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS piped up. And no matter how old he got, Tony was never going to get tired of seeing people react to JARVIS the first time, he really wasn’t. Thor had lit up like Christmas, and started enthusiastically talking to J at once. Steve flinched, then gaped at the ceiling, like he thought a person was going to climb out of it. “I  do not live in the ceiling, but I am at your disposal throughout the Tower, should you need me.”
“That’s mean, Pep. You wound me.”
“Yes, there is. I was wrong about what I said on the helicarrier,” Steve said sadly. “I know part of it was Loki’s scepter, but I don’t think I ever actually apologized. You’re a great guy, Tony. I’m sorry for letting you think otherwise.”
“Yup, me too,” Clint said next to him. Tony couldn’t see him, but he could picture the smirk on the archer’s face easily enough.
“I’m afraid I must claim no knowledge of what you are implying.”
legit, we don’t have an Avenger social media page.” Did they? Shit, Pepper was going to kill him. He was supposed to run all Avengers promo by SI’s PR team, just because it affected their stocks so much. Tony thought he’d solved the problem by just staying out of it. It wasn’t like Cap or Bruce or the superspies were that into social media, and Thor thought just shouting at the phone was fun enough.
“Ah.” Shit, the back of his neck was burning again. Why the hell did Spangles always bring that out in him? “Yeah. I’ll be better about that. Had to work through some shit.”
, and all that — gooshey and shiny and bright. The full blown “can’t eat, can’t sleep, reach for the stars, over the fence, World Series” kind of love. Utterly ridiculous, completely consuming, and enough to make Tony walk around grinning like he’d slept with a coat hangar in his mouth. Especially now that Steve was conscious and walking amongst them again. It was alright though, he was subtle about his feelings and affections, twisting them into nothing but simple concern over his fellow teammate recovering from his injuries.
“You should get some rest, Tony.”
“Pretty much.”
“You shall get your victory dinner, Stark, that I promise,” Thor vowed, hauling Tony inside when the doors opened. “A warrior valiant as you most definitely deserves it. But your JARVIS is insistent we take you to your lab first to check your heart. And after your collapse, I think it wise.”
“What the fuck did happen?” Tony asked, moving his free hand to rub at his mouth. “How did they trick security, trick
. It’s mostly Thor and Clint, but the others have some golden lines too. Come on, Tony.” Leaning over, she poked him, making him frown and swat her hand away. “Gimme something I can use. One of those classic Stark quips. Chop chop.”
“Well, I mean it. I ---“ Steve hesitated, then gulped, reaching a hand out — to do what Tony wasn’t sure — but then snatched it back, quickly as if changing his mind, accidentally bumping his hand into the board in the process. Chess pieces went rolling to the floor. “Oh, shoot,” he said, looking at the game pieces on the floor. “I should get that.”
“Excellent! Now, Stark, off with your shirt. Let us see what we can do for your heart.”
“You know what, let’s just drop it.”
Holy hell. He’d been glad at the time that he’d managed to pull one over on Stern, but now that he knew how dangerously close he’d come to really losing it all, Tony felt a little nauseous. His suits in the hands of Hydra? That would have been a fucking devastating nightmare.
“Steve,” Tony said, pressing his hands to his eyes and taking several deep breaths before turning around.  This was bad, this was so bad. At the rate Steve was bleeding, he could become critical sometime in the next hour or so. Tony wasn’t sure if he had that much time. “They’ve got nothing helpful. I can try putting about three band-aids on you, but I don’t think that’s gonna cut it.”
“Come on, come on,” Tony urged as the suit snapped into place. The HUD lit up instantly, and Tony looked all around, trying to take in everything he could at once. “J, what do we got?”
“Jesus. Seriously?” Running it through his mind, Tony tried to picture it. “Do you think they caught wind of us?”
“Oh, thank God,” Bruce’s voice washed over him, settling him a little as he held onto Steve’s hand. “He finally passed out? I thought he was never going to rest.”
reminds me of cake.” Lightly wrapping his arm around Bruce’s shoulders, he guided the doctor to the doors. “Come, Banner, help me gather drinks for the team. I need assistance with the tea. “Tis not my preference, and I’ve not mastered the mechanics of the kettle. It’s a truly vexing mechanism.”
“Oh-kay,” Tony said, because what the hell? What would Steve need help with, that he wouldn’t know who to trust? When Steve didn’t say anything else, Tony prompted, “Gonna fill me in, Cap, or do I need to guess?”
Natasha grimaced. “Alright.”
Tony intended to keep it brief and silly, but Clint, the bastard, licked him, and so Tony bit him back in retaliation. Their kiss ended when Clint tried to slip him some tongue so Tony dropped him, and the archer clattered to the floor with a squawk.
Laughing, Steve let Tony lead him into the elevator, and Tony set a small prayer of thanks to whatever deity listening for the brilliant grin that had replaced the agony in Steve’s eyes.
“Four thousand feet, sir.”
What he remembered was Maya Hansen. And surprise, surprise. Wasn’t it interesting she was here now?
pouting at the fact he was left behind, Tony once again buried himself in work, and tried not to think about how much he missed Steve. So he had to admit, he was completely shocked when the solider walked in two days later, looking tired and grumpy. For a moment he blinked, wondering if his thoughts somehow magically conjured the captain. But then Steve slumped down into the couch, still dressed in his gear, and ran a hand through his hair.
But it was his evenings that were the best. The first night, Tony had arrived home to discover Steve beaming at him from the kitchen counter, thrilled he’d managed to replicate Bruce’s enchilada recipe. He hadn’t, it had tasted terribly, but Tony ate it anyway, and then they went for an evening swim and Tony was treated to the sight of Steve wet and gleaming in a swimsuit.
“You know Clint and I have been monitoring Sitwell and the STRIKE team since Steve’s discovery,” she said quietly, barely loud enough for Tony to hear. “And how careful and quiet we’ve had to be about it, so that no one higher up catches wind of our investigating. Sitwell, the little shit, has been cautious too. We haven’t gotten anything from him since he met with Rumlow and we found out about the STRIKE team. Until he had a meeting recently and whispered our favorite little phrase at the end.” She paused, lifting an eyebrow at Tony. “Guess who he met with?”
But he wanted to snoop around. Despite his and JARVIS’s poking around, they hadn’t found much, other than Sitwell was a little shit that covered his tracks well. If anyone else in Shield was Hydra, it was still buried pretty deep.
“I don’t want the government to know who you really are, it’s different,” Tony counters. Peter sighs.
“Yo Parker!”
Peter smiles at him sadly before looking at the door that leads to the hallway of Bruce’s floor.
Being unable to move itched even more in complete silence. Yaël sighed, she was almost sweating from getting nervous. Her hair tickled her neck. Something beeped on the monitor. It probably showed her rising heart rate. The man looked up and checked the screen. Then he looked at Yaël.
“You sound like him,” the smirk never left her face. “Kneel!” Oh, and that was something she shouldn’t demand from Loki, whom reacted like Yaël could’ve predict.
“Oh come on, you again?” he asks Michelle, who just glares at him with her greenish-brown eyes. Then she drops her food at the seat next to him, and drops down without saying a word. Ned and Peter observe her with a confused stare as she starts to mix her sauces together until she gets one nasty looking brown goo.
He’s already seated at his desk when the boy walks in, bag thrown over his shoulder and hair slicked back. He’s wearing a leather vest, and looks pretty much like one of those Greasers from those movies May talks about all the time. It looks weird.
Even in this universe, Steve proves to be an amazing leader. He throws orders at everybody, even at Tony, and makes sure that the enemy is easily taken care off. All in all, the fight takes about three hours or so, leaving everybody out of breath and obviously exhausted. Tony, too, feels just about ready to go to bed.
“Okay, I’m going to need your help now,” comes from Mr. Stark after the few introductions have been done. Peter follows him into a hallway that he’s never been in before, and suddenly finds himself in what must be a workshop of some sort. It seems a bit more advanced than everything Peter has to work with at the Tower, and as he’s looking at everything, he suddenly finds himself extremely inspired.
“Fine, then I’ll get my lawyers to write you down as an owner of this tower as well.” Tony puts his hand on Steve’s lips to stop him from talking. “But we need to put up some ground rules, alright?”
Tony takes another deep breath. Placing the needle right above the injection-spot, he hesitates for only a little bit longer.
“What, you’re so tired of your life that you want out of it? There are other ways to do that.”
She started working for this man, Diego, who made her help in elder people’s gardens to get the weeds out. Of course, this wasn’t totally legal, but nobody wanted to hire a girl with literally no identity or resume.
EDIT: This timestamp will no longer be relevant to the story, as we have decided to follow more of the aspects of Infinity War when we write that part out. Despite that, we'll leave this one up on the timestamps, as some sort of 'alternate universe', perhaps! :-)
Tony stays silent, which he figures should be answer enough. Of course it hurts, but not as much as it did before. Back then, it had nearly been agony to let out the suit. Now, it’s easier, just a little sting like having a couple of needles pressed into his skin at the same time. He shouldn’t complain too much about it.
“Since when do you wear dresses like that?” he asked while walking towards his car.
“Uh, it’s alright. As, uh, I was saying, uh…” After that, she continues with her facts. Peter only half-listens. He’s too busy staring at Tony’s hand, skin yellow in comparison to his own. He doesn’t like it, it shouldn’t be like this. Especially because Tony’s hand is shaking if Peter doesn’t hold it still.
Much to both their surprise, the elevator pulls through. The moment the door opens, the smell of beer fills into Peter’s nostrils. There’s a heat going on, one that comes with having too many people breathing in the same room. Against the wall, there’s a couple already making out. Another girl is passed out against the wall.
“Who says I need saving?”
Yaël didn’t even ask questions and took her backpack. She was glad to leave this stinkhole, even if it was to stalk someone in a pizzeria or something.
The Cap and Yaël look at each other a bit longer, and Peter just clears his throat and tries to keep his gaze everywhere but at the two of them. Then he bites his lips, getting his hands back out of his pockets to clap them together.
He turns around just in time to avoid another blow, this time from the Iron man.
“It’s alright, Peter. Tony didn’t do anything at all. I’m just thinking too much about stuff,” Steve assures him. He turns off the fire and lifts up the pan, sharing its content over the three plates Peter prepared. Then he offers peter a glass of water before getting away from the counter. “I’ll go wake him up, you enjoy your breakfast.”
“I was just cold,” Peter counters before pulling the hood off his head. “Listen, I just need to use the elevator for a moment, do you mind?”
Of course Hela got up and of course Yaël knew that this would be her deathbed. Weird how things go, Yaël would die, fighting for a people she wasn’t even a part of. But that was just fine, she wasn’t a part of any people or planet after all.
Oh, this must be why he wasn’t at the last Goblin-fight. Mr. Stark has his fingers bandaged together. In one way or another, he must probably have broken them. Letting him stay behind surely must have been Cap’s idea, then.
“What do yo- what do you want from me, huh?” he asks in frustration. “W-want me to spill the beans? Well tough luck, I already have a therapist for that. Want me to talk about the fact that I almost fell to my death? You really want me to relive that memory that badly?”
“I don’t want synthetic skin!”
“Wa’ an’body hurt?” Steve continues. He finally lifts his head but keeps his eyes closed, instead looking to where he thinks Tony is seated.
Just when Tony is about to call her out for it, Sam brings them back to the point.
Yet, having a Steve would be fun too. He’d be so mad at Wade, well, he would’ve preached to the psycho until Wade would’ve fallen asleep or something. But right now, her dear friend still thought she was dead…
“So I was wondering if you might want to hang out?” Ned asks, holding up his phone to show Peter a picture. “I got this
(See the end of the chapter for
They take the subway, probably making too much noise. When they get to the festival, there’s loud music playing. A playlist is set up from what could be the seventies. People of all ages are dancing on the dancefloor. As a quick survey, they check out what exactly there is to be found around here. There’s Mexican, Chinese, Turkish, even French specialties. Somewhere, even, Peter spotted some deliciously-smelling Belgian Waffles he already knows he’s going to take one of.
“I don’t know, I haven’t seen the video Michelle sent me. Apparently somebody filmed it, but I haven’t really dared to look at it.”
?” Peter asks, voice high and shaky.
“Oh, your husband?” Jeez, husband, she was only twenty-four! But maybe she just had to follow his game and tell him that Peter, indeed, was her husband.
“Sure, kid. As long as they don’t make me angry,” he says with a wink. Peter throws him a thumb’s up and then hurries out into his bedroom.
“Dah, søbe Yaël!”
She woke up in a metal hallway that seemed to be donut-shaped. With a grunt, Yaël rubbed her head. Jesus Christ, how many times was she going to get knocked out again? And where the hell was she?
“I only want to know when Peter or Steve call,” Tony returns with a cracking voice. He rubs his eyes and lets out a long sigh. Then he turns to the side again. In front of him, he sees Steve’s empty spot on the mattress. He reaches out an arm, trying to imagine him lying there. But it doesn’t work. The sheets feel cold, Tony’s eyes lower and his chest aches again.
Peter has his eyes closed – when did he close them? He’s lying on some sort of mattress with a too-heavy duvet lying on top of him. His head is giving him a lot of grief, and even pressing the palm of his hands against his brow doesn’t help him.
“Don’t be an ass, okay?” she asks him. There’s a smirk on Tony’s lips, adding to the mask he’s put up the moment he put on his sunglasses. Peter looks down at his own sunglasses and wonders if that’s what they’re expecting of him, too. MJ didn’t get glasses, did she?
yet, as they call him. Too afraid to see him get hurt.
If he would fall, Peter’s not really sure he can get himself back up again.
Somewhere Yaël knew he didn’t wanted this to happen, but at this moment, she could only believe he hated her guts enough to disgrace her in this way.
“I’ll ask Logan.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me?” he mutters, rolling his eyes up into the air and about ready to throw his arms up until he realizes he’s still holding Johnny. “Fucking shit piece of junk.”
“You go back up now,” he says. “I’ll see you at the compound, tomorrow.”
When the nurse walked in later, he had no idea how much time had passed. All he knew was that when he’d turned on the TV, he’d found Downton Abbey on, and the nurse was about to turn it off.
“No can do!” Tony called, and continued to strolled away.
“Uh,” Steve squeaked, then cleared his throat. “Um. Thanks, Tony.”
Groaning again, he sat the glass down and pressed his palms to his eyes. Maybe the fact that he could get a crush again like this was a good thing.  He hadn’t thought he’d ever really feel that way again after Pepper, and now here he was, pining over Steve. His emotions still worked! Yay!
Thor paused, eyes wide. “My apologies, Tony. You are agreeable, yes?”
look firmly on his face. The dark-haired woman who’d hailed him recoiled slightly at the look in his eyes, but didn’t back down as she continued to approach.
Twenty minutes later, he some useful little home-made bombs. Silently sneaking through the Compound, Tony took out a few guards before finding an elaborate staircase and sneaking up it. A familiar room sprawled in front of him — the place the Mandarin recorded all his videos. Women were in the room, as was…a man who was definitely the Mandarin.
full of Chitauri weapons they had collected had gone missing. How the fuck that happened was beyond Tony, but he was absolutely livid. Someone’s head was gonna roll.
Oddly touched, Tony clapped him on the back, tightening his hand when Steve leaned into it. “That’s what teammates do, Cap,” he said, voice strong and sincere. “Now let’s get to work so we can fill in the team and kick some Hydra ass.”
“Then you laid awake all night every night, unable to think about anything else?”
“Tony?” Pepper’s image appeared on his screen while Natasha patted his shoulder and went to join the group in the corner.
“I’ll always be there for you,” she continued. “As your CEO and friend. But I can’t…I just can’t any other way. Not without asking you to stop.”
“Tony, Stane manipulated you so that you wouldn’t notice. You aren’t to blame for that.”
“I’m not that kind of doctor,” Bruce said wearily. “But I will tell you, I don’t think it would be a bad idea if you talked to someone, Tony. No, don’t brush me off,” he said, forcefully enough that Tony froze, and stopped trying to pull away.
“Me? I’m fine, Cap, I wasn’t the one who nearly bled out in a desolate cabin in the middle of nowhere. And I was not done with my lecture, by the way. Now that Clint’s gone, I’m just gonna start back up. Where was I? Oh yeah, you didn’t tell me how injured you were. Let’s talk about how big of a mishap that was, because I’m fairly certain Nat instituted a
Steve wasn’t standing up.
“I have no idea what you just said.”
At a loss, Tony nodded. Smiling, making sure to keep his hand in Tony’s, Bruce led him out of the workshop and to he kitchen. There, he gently guided Tony to a stool, and then released his hand to go make the tea. Watching him as he did so, Tony thought of the small slice of himself Bruce had just offered. Banner didn’t talk about what happened before Nat pulled him into the Avengers. Ever. Yet he’d brought it up tonight. Because he was a great guy, because they were teammates, because…because they were friends.
Natasha sat on the couch, one arm propped on her knee, hand clenched in a fist. “I don’t know.”
, you know they don’t last with him around. Why are you—ohhhh.” She tilted her head, pursing her lips at him, eyes suddenly more sympathetic. “Steve still hasn’t checked in yet, has he?”
, I’ll let Bruce look me over if you just sit down and let him tend to you first, what the goddamn hell are you—”
“Whoa, Thor!” Tony said, swatting at his arms.
okay,” Steve amended when Tony gave him a look. “But…I’m working on it. It’s just…some nights are hard. Reminds me of when he fell, and I can’t help but…”
“It’s what I think,” Steve said. “And I thought you should know. I didn’t want to keep it from you.”
Since Natasha was his date, and he knew she and Thor (and Clint and
“Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal, J,” Tony said, and blinked when Natasha grinned.
“Eh. What?”
“Hey. You stopped him, Tony. Kept them from getting your armor.”
“I should punch you in your perfect teeth, that’s what,” Tony muttered.
“So then we’ll give them a new purpose, and a chance to kick the rats out. We’ll give them a home, and avenge everything you worked for. We’re the goddamned Avengers, aren’t we?” Leaping up, Tony opened a holo file, mind already ten steps ahead. “J, get some searches running. I wanna know who the hell was dumb enough to
“I’m sorry, Tony.”
She took it, not saying a word, rage radiating from her as they walked out of the building and waited for the limo. Tony, a grown ass super-hero who had saved the world more than a few times now, absolutely did
, what the hell, how had they dragged his Science Bro into it?) had only been trying to help, Tony let Nat off the hook, and let his annoyance at her go. It wouldn’t have been worth it to be mad, he thought, as they drifted from one group to the other, making small talk. It wasn’t their fault they they’d figured out he was pathetically and ridiculously in love with Steve.
“Anything I can do to help?” Lifting an eyebrow, Steve stood. “I’d rather not just sit around.”
He didn’t really leave the workshop for nearly a month.
Tony frowned. “Yeah, La Femme Nikita, you knew that. You were around during that whole thing.”
Demanding an explanation, Tony tried to sort out what Trevor Slattery was saying. He was the Mandarin, but not really. An actor playing pretend, while the real guy kept his face hidden. Maya’s words rushed through him, and suddenly, Tony thought things were beginning to make sense, when he caught movement behind him.
Fingers tangled in his hair, bringing him back from the brink his mind had taken him to. He looked up to see Steve, staring at him, his color looking slightly better, carding his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony’s breath caught as Steve smiled softly, then reached out to trace a finger over Tony’s cheek.
Steve shrugged. “Well, it looked like the team was getting in on the Christmas spirit. Can’t be the only stick in the mud. You guys would never let me live it down.”
Which was fine. Totally. Not a hit to his ego at all.
“Sorry!” Steve said, clearly trying not to laugh. “Didn’t mean to startle you.”
“But why? I don’t understand.” Mind whirling, he tried to find a scenario where it made sense. “Maybe the agent really is Hydra, but why the hell would he say something like that to
They sat there in awkward silence for a moment, before Natasha shifted again and patted his hand gently. “Come on. I promised you a cookie.”
“Those people would be wrong,” Steve repeated, and looked Tony straight in the eyes. Tony couldn’t help but get a little lost in his intense gaze —  Rogers had an insanely intense stare game going.
“That’s not happening,” Tony vowed.
Dread crawled up his spine like spiders. “I”m what now?”
“Ulysses is awake? I thought he had prom last night,” Tony wondered, “I still can’t get over the fact that Sam’s rank was a master sergeant.” Tony snickered. Steve quirked his lips up in amusement.
The problem was Tony was sure Steve didn’t kill this man. Tony knew Steve would kill for him, make no mistake about that, but Steve wasn’t even aware of this man’s existence until today. Another piece of the puzzle to consider was the fact that the murderer proceeded to frame Tony, which was something Steve wouldn’t do.
“Hmm, what else do you have up your sleeve? ‘Cause I think my well’s tapped out for today.” Steve just smirked kindly at him, eyes looking at something behind Tony, which prompted him to turn around to see what caught Steve’s attention. What he saw was something unexpected. At the courtyard, there was a white carpeting lining up the pathway leading up to a wooden gate that was decorated with soft white fabrics, plumerias and stargazer lilies, soft tealight candles decorating each sides of the pathway and marking them. There were white garden chairs on either side of the pathway, swathed in the same cloth that were decorated the gate, creating an aisle in the middle. It almost looked like a set up for a mating ceremony.
As always, comments and kudos are highly appreciated!
“Wait, what?” Steve stared at him like he just sprouted a second head.
Bucky threw a bunch of pictures onto the table in front of Maria. She reached forward taking one of the pictures and seeing it as pictures of the crime scene.
“Uh-huh.” was all Anthony said, he was looking at Steven disbelievingly. He was silent for a couple moments taking in Steven’s words before speaking again, “Not the craziest thing anybody has ever said to me. If I wasn’t chained to a rock to be fed to an actual sea monster to appease Poseidon, I wouldn’t have believed you.”
“Do you mind, Detective Carter? I’m trying to confer with my clients.” Nick interjected, his tone annoyed. Sharon rolled her eyes, but left them all the same.
“Got it in one.” Tony agreed, “it’s just easier on both of us, if we never have to see each other again.”
Steve stepped closer to him, and rested his hand on that beloved bump. “Ulysses.”
“Oh, I see. So it's personal?”
Tony looked up at Steve, deep brown eyes swimming in tears, and he looked beyond devastated and in pain. As Tony hoarsely said, “I’m sorry, Steve. I lost it.” Steve felt his heart broke along with Tony’s, grieving with him at the loss of a child they loved wholeheartedly but would never meet.
Forty-two. That meant Tony had made forty-two whole new suits since Steve left ten days ago. That’s...troubling.
Bruce chuckled good humoredly, “Tony, you’re still breastfeeding. You can’t drink.”
So it was completely unexpected when his heart started to beat faster at a glimpse of blonde head, sitting at the same spot as he was yesterday, in the same shirt he wore yesterday and this time in the middle of building what seems to be a house out of his waffles.
“I tell you, that kid could have gone to the moon and back and Steve would never even know he left.” Joe remarked once Tony was out of their sights.
Steve moved on to the kitchen, grabbing a banana from the fruit bowl and rummaging through the refrigerator to grab a gatorade, guzzling it down in one go. Steve decided to get started on some lunch. He’s not sure who was still in the tower after breakfast this morning, but at the very least he knew Tony, Ulysses, Joe, and Thor too it seemed were still at the tower. Their newborn son, Joe, was finally home after a two week stay at the NICU. Both him and Tony were still on edge, keeping an eye out for everything and anything that could be strange with their new son. But so far, everything seemed to be progressing very well. The only peculiar thing about Joe was his amazing ability to sleep through the night, something that not even Ulysses did as a baby.
“Precious,” he whispered, “coffee’s ready for you. Left carafe.” he informed Tony.
“Well, we want to meet this kid.” Babbo said, “Joey, you’re gonna invite him here for dinner one of these days. I’m sure your Uncles and Aunts would be delighted to meet him too.”
“You don’t have to do anything, Tony. You don’t have to do anything but be happy.” Steve pulled him closer and put their foreheads together. “Giving you happiness is my main mission in life.”
“Damn right, this is my domain,” Clint interjected, “I can’t believe you two have been fooling around here without my knowledge or consent.”
” Peter said in one breath, eager to leave before Babbo started to ask him more questions.
“Uhh, I got a couple guys coming tomorrow. They’re gonna blow out that wall to make room for the bunny.” Tony waved at the wall nearest to his mother’s grand piano.
God, Tony loved him so much it’s hard to believe that he survived forty odd years of his life with only glimpses and wisps of a dream of him, “Me too.” he whispered.
“Tony, none of this is your fault.” Steve closed his eyes and sighed heavily, “what do you mean, you don’t get lucky twice?”
The first press of their lips together felt like the heavens opened up above them, shrouding them in a state of euphoria and bliss. Steven’s every single enhanced senses were permeated with the scent, feel, and sound of Anthony. He returned the kiss, wanting the prince to know his feelings were reciprocated and that Steven shared and revelled in his affections. He slid one of his hands lower on Anthony’s waist, and used his other hand to cup the back of Anthony;s head, pulling the prince closer to his body. Anthony let out a breathy moan as he deepened the kiss, sparking Steven’s eagerness and elation. His first kiss, and shared with the only person he would ever love in this world and the next.
“You’re pregnant, and you didn’t tell us! How could you! I thought we’re family!”
The pictures of him that Dad kept were the best things Tony had ever saw. He wasn’t ashamed to admit that he had his first orgasm while staring at a picture of Steve Rogers, looking so heroic like a knight in shining armor, ready to rain down hell fire and hailstorm on anyone who crossed him. Tony long ago accepted that he wouldn’t ever be able to settle down, because his standard for a partner was someone like Steve Rogers. And there was no one else in the world quite like him. And there was something inside him that wouldn’t let him accept just anyone as his significant other. Like there was a barrier between his heart and everyone else’s that prevented him from giving them the entirety of his love and devotion. Tony couldn’t be with anyone like that. It would feel too much like a betrayal for him and for the other person.
Ulysses James Stark Rogers came in to the world on Saint Patrick’s Day, further cementing his reputation as the most Irish baby ever irished in New York City. The entire week Tony had been experiencing contractions that he brushed off as Braxton-Hicks contractions and declined a trip to the hospital, despite Steve’s insistence. Steve went to mass that morning, silently despairing the fact that in this era the Feast of Saint Patrick was more synonymous with copious alcohol consumption than a religious celebration of Ireland’s patron saint. Oh well, he was pretty sure Bucky would be happy with this type of observance than the usual trip to church to attend mass.
“Oh, okay.” Ulysses conceded and started eating his breakfast, “I guess a girl would be fine, too.”
“Very good! Good job, Uly!”
“JARVIS, get Steve in here,” Tony called out to his AI, “tell him it’s urgent.”
Steve sat next to Ulysses holding his son’s gaze, blue looking into blue. Tony still standing behind their son, one hand caressing Ulysses’ hair and the other gently rubbing his back, “Ulysses, I know your first love seems like your
“She was in the elevator when I wanted to go down to answer the call. You guys left her in the elevator, didn’t you?”
They wouldn’t be eating spaghetti tonight, after all.
“That’s putting it lightly.” Steve crossed his arms in front of his chest, a stern expression on his face.
“Was it terrible?” Tony asked his friend.
Tony and Clint cracked up loudly at the memory. Steve had looked so horrified when he realized he had a chest full of baby poop. “And, and, and remember that time he brought home an opossum, thinking it was a puppy. I thought Sam and Bucky were gonna shit a brick.” They laughed some more, recounting Ulysses’ shenanigans growing up.
“Thanks, Steve. Okay, sweetheart, you’re going to hang out with Uncle Steve for a bit, okay?” Bruce told his daughter, eliciting a gummy smile from the baby.
“Thank you, DUM-E. You’re taking really good care of Tony when I’m not here. Thanks, buddy.” Steve gently patted DUM-E’s strut as he took in Tony’s sleeping form. Steve stroked his still thick brown hair, now streaked with greys, but it didn’t diminish Tony’s beauty in Steve’s eyes.
Ulysses, their oldest son, was seventeen years old now. He was smart as a tack, clearly taking after Tony, and determined, for lack of a better word, just like Steve. He was a perfect combination of them both. He was intelligent, but rarely did he leveraged that fact over his peers. At school, he was class president, captain of the football and debate teams and all-around good guy. Ulysses was a born leader, charismatic and charming to a tee, just like Tony was. He was well-known within his cohort, popular for his kindness, his intelligence and since this was high school, for being a handsome Alpha. Ulysses never lacked admirers, betas and omegas alike flocked to him but he was always respectful of them, not really interested in the playboy lifestyle Tony used to enjoy before meeting Steve. Ulysses was also very close to his little brothers and protective of them. He took his role as the oldest with great gravity and saw his role as the protector and the first line of defense for his little brothers against bullies who thought they could get away his bullying Ulysses Rogers’ little brothers just because they were small and nerdy.
Joe cooed from his high chair next to his work desk, the banana puree Tony gave him as his morning snack smeared all over his face. Joe seemed to not mind the mess though, he was having fun after Tony gave him free reign with the spoon while he did a bit of coding for the new StarkPhone operating system. Tony grinned at the adorable sight of his baby, banana mush covering his chubby cheeks.
Later, they took the unconscious body of the man downstairs and told Steve to watch the ‘Good Morning Steve” video and read his journal while they called Dr. Erskine to check on him.
As soon as the words left Steve’s mouth, Tony sat up in alarm, Steve’s arms grounded him to the bed, “Coulson, oh my god! Is he--”
I've been looking so long at these pictures of you, that I almost believe that they're real.
“Uncle Thor…” Peter looked on, horrified at his godfather, while Bruce just face palmed in exasperation.
Just before they entered the pool, Steve stopped and stripped off Tony’s shirt and pants before doing the same thing with his own. Tony grinned at the sight of Steve’s naked body, reaching out to caress that hard rock set of abs that still sends tendrils of lust shooting through his body. “Hey there, big boy,” Tony murmured, eyes focused on Steve’s thick hard cock, his knot was starting to build at the base and Tony felt the tell-tale slick and wetness on his hole in response. Steve chuckled lightly and pulled Tony back in, kissing him again. Steve nipped at his bottom lip, seeking entrance and when Tony opened his lips, his tongue sojourned in, plundering his mouth and taking what Tony offered to him and giving Tony so much more in return. All his love and affection, his happiness, his sadness, his everything. Tony wanted it all. They must have been kissing for a long time because when they broke apart, they were in the pool. Steve the ever considerate mate that he was, took extra care to make sure that when they entered the pool, Tony’s head wasn’t submerged in the water. Tony clung to him, winding his arms around his neck and kissing him in gratitude.
“Would you believe me if I said ‘yes’?” was the only thing Tony could think of to say.
“Sharon says everybody thinks I’m heartless.” Tony said once they’re driving back to the bar.
“Let’s just say I went in the front and Alexander slipped in the back. We got it covered.” was all Nick had to offer for an explanation.
, bud.”
Tony laughed and buckled the boy in and he sat cutely in his carseat, “
“Yeah. How could I forget, Tony…The moment I was so close to killing the demon from your past, but you won’t let me.”
make a time machine. It’s just a matter of ethics and not messing around with space-time continuum that stopped me from doing it,” Steve chuckled, “That and I’m too selfish for your own good. You’re mine now and I’m not letting you go.”
But it’s better than not feeling that. It’s better than living their whole life without companionship, without compassion, without having someone who always got your back until the end of the line, without having someone who fills that gaping hole you know exists inside your heart. To feel complete, you would search the ends of the Earth for that person. You would endure another seven decades (
“Well, I don’t know nothing about what you just said, but it sounds complicated.” Barnes said, he was now doing mobility exercises on his artificial limb in the corner of the room. “Did you tell Steve that you might be moving to a different island yet?”
saw him.” Sharon said incredulously.
Tony gaped at Steve’s words, clearly a reference to what Tony said to him when they were arguing back in the lab, “Wha-- Ste-- I mean, Rogers, don’t take that to heart, I was just--”
“And I’m so lucky for that. But I’m selfish, so I have another thing I want to ask from you, Tony,”
“I wish Gamora has short term memory loss. That way she won’t remember that I called her father a narcissistic, loud mouthed drunk with a face that looked like J. Edgar Hoover’s ballsack.” Quill quipped from his position on the lanai.
But just as Steve turned seventeen, it was now Sarah who was sick. A routine medical check up found a dangerously low red blood cell count and highly elevated white blood cell count. They knew what it meant, and what to prepare for. Once Sarah was diagnosed with leukemia, Joe requested leave to be with his wife and son. He was devastated, Sarah was supposed to grow old with him. They were supposed to be there for Steve’s high school graduation, college graduation, when he got married, when have kids. But, all of that wasn’t meant to be.
Jamie chuckled and flashed him a bright smile, and Joe just wanted to say for the record that his heart most definitely didn’t skip a beat.
“Hey,” she greeted Ellie, then looked at the painting in front of her, “oh, wow. This is amazing. Who’s the artist?”
Tony decided to go back to the mainland to kickstart the new nuclear fusion reactor technology. It would be too hard for him to teleconference with his scientists and engineers all day. Plus, many nuances in the experiments weren’t easy to write down in a protocol and could get lost in translation. So direct supervision was the only way. He wasn’t even going to be gone forever, just for a couple of months. But from the way Lila, Cooper and Nate was looking up at him at the tarmac, it looked like he was gonna be gone forever.
“Good night, baby. I love you.”
“Papa’s here.” he repeated.
“Then I demand you to cuddle me until I fall asleep.”
Natasha was the kids’ godmother and Nate’s biological mother. Natasha and Tony got along well. Natasha seemingly immune to his charms and shenanigans, not shying away in telling Tony when he was being an ass or when he needed to eat more than coffee and Reese’s Peanut butter cups for a meal. Three months after meeting Tony, she and Pepper met while Pepper came down to visit and Pepper practically begged Natasha to quit her job at the Aquarium and become Tony’s PA, because apparently Happy couldn’t handle Tony’s antics after he let Tony took the Audi R8 out for a spin in downtown Honolulu.
Ouch. Aint’t that the truth.
Without thinking twice, Steve leapt from his seat, rushing to his second born’s aide, Peter running behind him. Joe was coughing furiously in his seat, his face red and there was swelling around his lips.
Lincoln’s statue remained resolute in the cold silence. His austere face offering cold comfort to Tony’s troubled and chaotic mind.
Maybe that’s why he decided to name this new artificial intelligence system he’s developing after his late companion. JARVIS, Just A Rather Very Intelligent System. Tony chuckled, Jarvis would have gotten a laugh out of it. Tony stretched his back, he fell asleep on the drafting table again, working on the latest simulation for the arc reactor’s newest prototype. He was close to getting a working model, an efficient one that would be able to power the entirety of the Stark’s factory in Long Island and Irvine. The finished simulation showed that he was indeed close. He solved the efficiency problem, just not as cost effective as one would like. Oh well, gotta pay for progress right?
“I can see why you’d refrain from talking to him. It’d be weird if you were out there shaking your money maker with some other wahine after boinking him.That stink will follow you around anywhere. If he’s totally psycho, he might put a hit out on you.” Clint said.
“Not about anything important.” Tony said softly, pulling Steve closer to him by the tie and kissing him passionately. He felt and heard Steve chuckled and deepened the kiss.
They walked around for a bit, looking at the different artworks, oohing and aahing at the beautiful artworks. There were paintings and drawings of different New York landscapes. A painting resembling Seurat’s
“JARVIS, please tell Clint that it’s Ulysses’ lunch time. We’ll be in the living room.”
in his abdomen? Anthony thought delightedly.
“You gonna have to get off me if you want me to get it, though.” The pounding intensified, trying to remind them that whoever it was was still there outside of their apartment.
“As well as they can be, sir.”
“Your Uncles Sam, Clint and Bucky are all in jail because they went to an illegal gambling ring last night and got busted by the cops.” Steve threw his phone to the table. Seriously, what the fuck? Only those three could find an illegal gambling ring and got busted at the same night.
Peggy nailed that right on the head. Steve tend to go overboard with everything that he did, especially with his feelings. He loved too hard, too much and too fast. And true to his dramatic flair, in his haste to build a relationship with Tony, he might have ruined their chances.
“Coffee…” Clint was bleary eyed and mumbling. Natasha wordlessly held up a steaming mug of coffee for him to grab and drink, or more appropriately, chugged.
Tony was torn between relief and sadness at the fact that Steve was away from home. On one hand, he was glad that his lover wasn’t here to witness another pathetic episode of Tony having nightmares, yet at the same time he longed for those warm arms to comfort him. Steve’s deep baritone soothing him, telling him that it was just a dream, the beat of Steve’s heart assuring Tony that he was real and that he was here with Tony and that he wouldn’t let anything hurt Tony anymore. Not the invading aliens, not the terrorists that waterboarded him, not HYDRA. Nothing would get past Steve.
“I know I act all tough and apathetic to things around me, but I don’t like people thinking I’m heartless.”
“I still can’t believe he ever became President. He was never that good of an actor.” Steve shook his head, “You would be sad if I ever say no to you, Tony. You’d be able to get away with more crazy stunts in the field than ever before.”
“I appreciate your interest, Oprah, but leave me alone.” he stood up and went to the dry bar to pour himself a glass of scotch.
There was a tense moment where Steve didn’t remained silent. When he finally opened his mouth, all he had to say was, “No.”
“Hi Peter,” the deep baritone calling out his name stopped Peter in the middle of retrieving his Physics textbook from his locker. He turned around to come face to face with none other than Jamie Wilde leaning against the row of lockers, hands in his pockets and a bland and sort of neutral smile etched on his face. Peter’s newly christened ‘Spidey sense’ didn’t go haywire as it was wont to do whenever there was a threat near. At school those threats usually came in the form of Flash Thompson or one of the meaner jocks and pretty girls, but never from Jamie. Jamie might be a jock but he was always kind to Peter and his group of friends. He never bullied them or call them names and was actually one of the few who stood up for them, telling his fellow football players that bullying was off limits and would result in them getting kicked off the team.
-------
What?
“Yeah, cheer up, Uly!” Peter jumped on his back, much to Ulysses’ surprise, the boy wrapped his legs around Ulysses’ waist and the older boy stood up from his seat to adjust Peter’s position on his back. “Amy was boring anyway, she didn’t like my potato gun.”
“You’re on. What do I get if I win?”
“Thanks, Jamie.” Joe’s voice pulled him back to the present, “having someone to share this secret with...it’s more than I could have asked for. It makes things easier. And thank you for being here. I don’t think I can be alone right now.”
Just then Sue walked by and spotted him. She looked alarmed at his presence here. Tony thought she finally recognized him as who he really was, since he looked more put together today than he was yesterday. Just as Tony thought she would say something about Tony Stark being at her dinner, Steve’s voice interrupted her.
“Uh, your mom called you that,”
“They love us. That’s great, we’re loveable. But what math gets them to obstruct justice?” Steve asked incredulously.
“What’s up, Bubbles? Why are you still here, thought you’d be done with band practice by now.” he started calling Joe Bubbles now after Joe told him about how when they were growing up, he and his siblings were pretty obsessed with the Powerpuff Girls and how Ulysses basically assigned them their parts as one of the girls, with Joe as Bubbles, Peter as Buttercup and Ulysses himself as Blossom, the leader.
“When is the wedding?” Natasha asked, never one to beat around the bush.
“Bruce and Maria. Bruce came in a little before 4 AM to do inventory with Maria. Do you think it was one of them?” Tony answered as he walked towards Steve. He held out his hand for Steve to hold and they went in the bar hand in hand.
“Hey, not all of them. I’m always calm and collected.” Jamie interjected.
“No, but there’s a cellist in Portland.”
If the speaker on the other line was taken aback by Tony’s curtness, it didn’t show in his next words. “My name is Arne Ingelman from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. You have been proposed by your peers in the Nobel Committee for Physics for laureates for the Nobel Prize for Physics due to your groundbreaking work in synthesizing and isolating the new element Howardium and for achieving controlled and sustainable nuclear fusion chain reaction. It is our pleasure to inform you that you have been chosen as this year’s Nobel laureate in Physics. Congratulations, Sir.”
Steve beamed, excited for a chance to create something special for his father. It’s been awhile since he worked on a mural. His go-to medium was paper and charcoal, and if he’s feeling melancholy some water color would be used. He reserved his oil paintings for paid commissions, and he hasn’t been getting those in awhile. “I won’t let you down. Hey, you should watch the Giants game while I’m painting,” Steve turned around surveying the white walls, already brainstorming possible scenes to paint.
“Well, I wish I could be there,” Ulysses said from the video call, he looked wistfully at them, wishing that he was home so he was close to his family.
Breakfast during the weekend was always a spectacle in the Avengers household. Between two super soldiers, an Asgardian, growing teenagers and the Hulk, the whole affair wouldn’t be complete without at least a dozen stacks of pancakes or waffles, depending on who’s cooking that day, two dozen eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits and anything else in between. However, during the weekdays when everyone had prior commitments or other activities, it was a quiet affair. When Peter got to the kitchen that morning, Babbo was nursing a cup of coffee in his arms, eyes bleary and half closed, which meant he just emerged from the workshop after a night of inventing. Papa was away in Michigan, in a show of solidarity with steel factory workers who were striking and demanding a pay raise. These days, Papa’s Captain America duties involved fights that were more of the equality and social justice kind and less of the punching-the-bad-guys type, though those still occur from time to time. Joe was eating his cereal, there were holographs projected all around him by JARVIS, and he would intermittently stop spooning more cereals into his mouth in favor of manipulating a projection.
“Ulysses James Stark Rogers.” Steve corrected, softly kissing Tony’s forehead. Tony lifted his head up, a mischievous smile on his lips. “We’ll go your way this time, Rogers. But I reserve the right to name the next kid
“You designed it yourself. Nothing short of an act of God will short circuit it,” Natasha calmly arched her perfectly threaded eyebrow.
“Yeah. Someone stole my shoes though.” Bruce said in return.
“Thank you, Ma’am,” Peter sighed in relief and Nice Blond Lady chuckled softly.
“Well, let’s try and be the first to satisfy it. Indulge me, will you JARVIS?”
Bucky’s heart stuttered at that. Steve had named his firstborn after him. Damn, that’s enough to bring tears to a hardened assassin’s heart.
Anthony chuckled, “Steven, you remember what I ask of you after our first kiss? Yes, I very much want to. I want you take me away.” Anthony scooted closer to him, bringing them closer together.
Steven placed an arm around Anthony’s shoulder and tried to subtly guide the man away from the statue, “Yes, well if you ever get a chance to meet Clint you’ll see that he is a far cry from the image of the Sun God everyone has been taught.”
“Excellent,” Steve said, as Tony settled down in the sofa across from him.
Standing next to him, Steve was starting to pull himself together. He looked so shocked and affected by what was happening, Tony felt for him. Joe and Peter were his two Omega boys, and as their Alpha sire, Steve’s overprotective tendencies tended to go haywire when it came to them. Tony gently squeezed his shoulder, offering comfort with his touch. Steve acknowledged it with a slight nod of his head and a solemn look in his eyes, looking to Tony for some reassurance. Tony laid his head on Steve’s shoulder and gently pressed a kiss to his shoulder. They’d deal with this together, like always.
Ulysses giggled and clapped happily at a job well done, causing his little brother, Joe, to clap along with him from his spot in the play pen. The little boy looked amused by what his big brother and Babbo was doing.
“Please, if you don’t mind. I’m really worried.”
“It took me all day yesterday and the rest of the morning today. Didn’t even do my Calc homework ‘cause I was so caught up.” Jamie grinned impishly at him, purple eyes twinkling mischievously.
“Wow, you are as heartless as they say you are,” Sharon remarked. Tony stopped short at Sharon’s words.
“Let me walk you to class?” Joe was powerless to say no. And to be honest, he didn’t really want to.
“Always know what to say to cheer a man up, don’t you doc? Isn’t bedside manners still required to be a good doctor?”
The lobby of Avengers Tower has always been a major tourist attraction for the presence of the Avengers statue and site of the Battle of Manhattan memorial. But after September 23, it became famous for another reason: it was the place where Tony Stark gave birth to his third child, Peter Benjamin Stark Rogers.
“Kid, that’s
“He’s yours too, you know. He’s not just mine and Steve’s. He’s yours, and Bruce’s, and Thor’s, and Rhodey’s, and Sam’s. God forbid, he’s Clint’s too.” Tony told her, “It takes a village. And you better be damn sure that all of y’all are gonna be part of that village.”
“Controlled self sustaining nuclear fusion chain reaction has been achieved, Sir. Congratulations.”
“We will discuss it. Since we are partners.” Tony said, directing his words to Steve who smiled back at him.
Tony. It was Tony. That lovely voice, that beautiful face, that mesmerizing scent. It could be none other than Steve’s mate, the center of his universe.
“What am
JW: yeah, hope so.
On his last episode, he spent the day destroying every gym equipment in the tower and then some before he went to the workshop, seeking Tony to beg for his forgiveness for being short and irritable the whole day. That day Steve was hurting all over. His head and heart hurt. When he woke up that morning and saw Tony next to him, he felt an inexplicable resentment at the fact that it was Tony sleeping next to him and not Natasha. It was irrational and unwieldy to feel this way. For all intents and purposes, Tony and Natasha were the same person, they have the same soul for god’s sakes. Steve shouldn’t be feeling this way, but he did. After he straightened himself out, showered to wash off the sweat and flecks of blood on his knuckles, he dressed in his Sunday best with a mission to take Tony out for dinner as a way to apologize for his behavior today.
“Pep, relax. We’re all still dressed from the Baptism. I’m sure we can bear wearing monkey suits  for another two minutes or however many long this photo shoot is gonna take.” Tony tried to placate her, “everyone looks amazing, and we’re all good looking enough not to look too shabby even with the wrong outfits.”
Tony grinned at the reminder of the extra two weeks they spent in Maui after the rest of the family went home. “Mmm...you should remind me more. Matter of fact, you should remind me now. I’m starting to forget.”
“Ugh,” Tony groaned to his glass of scotch, “remind me again why I thought this was a good idea.”
“Steve, I got a nuke coming. It’s gonna blow in less than a minute. And I know just where to put it.” Tony wrenched the nuclear warhead from the missile with great effort, holding it aloft over his head as he flow towards the portal.
Sensing Tony’s sadness, Steve said, “Is this the first time you lost a soldier?”
“Okay, Avengers.” the photographer called out, “say ‘World Peace!’”
“Who are you?” Steve asks him. Those ice blue eyes that usually gaze at Tony with affection and fondness now stare uncomprehendingly at him.
It was then that Tony realized something was off. He felt nauseous. He glanced down at the styrofoam container filled with cold noodles in front of him and the nausea dissipated. He glanced back up to the counter and the nausea came back in full force. Glanced down, no nausea. Stared back up, nausea again. He moved his head up and down a few times, trying to make sure that it wasn’t all in his head.
Tony called out to Peter, who was busy taking pictures, and without waiting for Peter’s answer pulled him aside and started slathering the sunscreen on Peter’s face, much to Peter’s consternation and whining “
“Except, except! It’s super not safe, Steve, plum pudding, light of my life. We wouldn’t wanna go through the whole Hulk-creating radiation shebang thing now, would we?”
“What’s going on?” Ulysses asked them, trepidation seeping into his voice.
“Tony,” Steve rushed forward to the omega, stopping short just in case Tony rejected his touch, “where have you been? Where did you go?”
“Steve Rogers?” Brianna read, “wait, Steve Rogers, as in Captain America?” She exclaimed.
“Steve, you don’t have to do this.” Dad implored him, “we’re more than capable of helping you. And none of that stuff about being a burden to me and Bucky.”
“Yup, the one and only. And yes I will take a selfie with you after you get me outta here.”
“‘Tourists only, no fuss, no muss,” Clint dutifully recited.
Steve rushed to hug him, “Baby, what happened? Clint said you had a panic attack. Did you see something..? Hear something? What’s going on?”
He has been a burden to his dad and Bucky for long enough. It wasn’t fair on them. He wouldn’t impose on them any longer. With Steve gone, Bucky would be free to focus on his recuperation, he’d be free to go to the VA for his counseling sessions, and Dad would have more time to dedicate to fixing up the old beat up Mercury he had been meaning to do once he retired. Hell, his dad can retire now, and he won’t have to spend his days holding Steve’s hand, catering to him. His Dad would even be free to start dating again, if he wanted. God knew he needed some company now that Steve would be leaving. He decided he would bring it up tonight, during dinner time. He knew his dad and brother wouldn’t exactly be thrilled by it, but they would respect his decision. Steve needed to stand up on his own two feet and start being a functioning member of society again. He needed to be useful and do what’s right for his family and himself. He needed to start to live again.
“Peter, sweetheart, what happened?” Steve asked again, directing everyone’s attention to Peter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We can talk, sir.” the soldier timidly answered him.
“Oh, baby,” Steve reached for him and Bucky knowing what he wanted, handed over his son to him. Ulysses immediately snuggled up against him, tucking his face into the crook of his neck, seeking comfort in his father’s scent. “Hush, now
“That’s not true,” Tony stammered, “That’s not all I do. I just solved the world’s biggest energy conundrum this morning. And made at least 10 grand, just standing here having a conversation with you.”
Steven chuckled at Anthony’s barrage of questions. They were entertaining to say the least. Anthony’s never ending curiosity and his obvious delight at flying was mesmerizing to watch, “As far as I know that is what happened with Athena. Zeus had a splitting headache and he ordered Ares to split his head open with a Minoan axe to ease the pain. When Ares did what was asked, Athena sprung out, fully armored and holding this shield,” he pointed to the shield slung across his back, “as for Aphrodite, the sea foams were actually formed by Uranus’ genitals after it was severed and thrown into the sea.” Anthony made a face at the mention of severed genitals and Steven laughed at his expression, “and yes, Hera does hate all of us demigods and other Olympians sired by Zeus and his paramours. It makes for very interesting stories we tell each other when we meet. You and your cousins exchange stories about how your lessons fare, well my siblings and I share stories on how we survived Hera’s latest attempt to kill us.”
A visit to one of the loves of his life done, he sought to visit the other one. Steve started to walk towards the staircase sequestered in one corner of the living room leading to Tony’s workshop. Through the glass doors, he saw Tony sitting on his work desk. He didn’t seem to be working, the only thing that the holodeck was projecting was the picture Clint took of the three of them in the living room. Steve entered his passcode and entered the workshop, stepping up behind Tony. Tony didn’t seem to notice his presence, what with the cacophonous sound of his music.
“You’re made of soft spots. You’re gonna make the call, right?”
“I realized then, that I have become part of system that’s comfortable with zero accountability. We do defense contracting but who are we really protecting?” he paused, “Am I really in this to protect American lives, or am I comfortable with gaining profits and protecting the bottom line at the expense of someone else’s life. I just felt like I have more to offer the world than to make things go boom, you know. Not that there’s anything with making weapons or things to explode. Hell, I like some good ole fashioned explosions myself, and I support our troops but I don’t want that to be my only legacy.”
Rhodey laughed again, “I can do that.” he looked down again at the baby soundly sleeping in the baby crib, his godson now. “I thought you were going to ask one of the others to be his godfather. I mean, you already named him after me.”
This was the worst that could happen, Tony thought. Stranded at the Pali highway, with a broken down car. Dammit, he knew he shouldn’t have taken the car out for a drive. She wasn’t ready! This was the last time he’d ever, ever take Nat’s advice on anything mechanical. Thankfully, he managed to get ahold of Happy, but the man was currently all the way over on the Windward side of the island, being forehead of security, and Tony hadn’t wanted to bother any of his Stark Resilient employees in Honolulu, since it wasn’t in their job description to pick the boss up from the side of the highway. So now, he has at least one hour to kill and with nothing else to do, he decided he might as well get some late breakfast at one of the roadside diner he spied along the way.
“What?” Steve blanched, “she broke up with you at prom?”
“So, did the police tried to convince you I was having an affair with Killian?” Tony asked, taking a sip of his water. Steve scoffed, picking up Tony’s free hand to hold in his, “It’s what they do, y’know? Drive wedges.”
“Alright. Would you stop poofing on that joint, please? I’d rather not deal with smell.”
“It’s not just that we found each other, you know? Although that’s an amazing, life-altering event on its own, but I also-- I experienced things and then they're over and you still can't explain 'em. Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I...I'm just a man in a can, Steve. The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because you moved in. Which is great. I love you, so much. I'm the luckiest man on Earth. But, Steve, I can't sleep. You go to bed or go on a mission and I come down here. I do what I know, I tinker.” Tony paused, catching his breath. His amber eyes wild with undisguised emotions, not all of them good. He looked scared, like he’d seen a ghost, “But threat is imminent, and I have to protect the one thing that I can't live without and that's you. My suits, they're uh...they’re an extension of me. And building them, working on them makes me feel better. Makes me feel like I’m doing something to protect you.”
Tony chuckled sardonically, “Oh yeah? And how much is that gonna set us back?” Steve continued eating his oatmeal, deciding to ignore the man’s presence and not wanting to deal with a crooked politician so early in the morning.
Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit that he whimpered at Steve’s words. When he pulled back, Steve was smiling mischievously at him. Tony wanted to taste that smile on his lips and surged forward to capture Steve’s lips in a deeper kiss. Steve responded with fervor, pulling Tony closer to him and holding him up by the waist. As they kissed, Tony felt Steve stood up, and without breaking their kiss, Tony lifted his legs to wind the around Steve’s waist. He felt Steve placed his big hands underneath his thighs, and walking them towards the pool.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s words, “The old one did it justice just fine, Tony. You couldn’t stop looking at them even when you were pissed at me when we first met.”
“What was it?”
“God, I wish they would just told us whose body they found.” Steve rubbed his face in consternation at the thought that one of his employees had been harmed in anyway.
Steve walked to the elevator that was waiting to bring him down to the lobby, with one last glance at his family. They’ll be okay. No matter what, they got each other’s back.
“Hmm,” Tony hummed and planting his face on Steve’s chest, relishing in the warmth of Steve’s emanating, “it’s okay. We missed you, but you’re back now.”
His missions were nearing its end. He and the Howling Commandos have successfully dismantled HYDRA strongholds and disrupted their weapon supply lines, decimating them to utter destruction with no hope of rebuilding. They were so close to the finish line. The rest of their lives together could finally begin, something Steve coveted from the moment they met. He wanted it all. The quiet, peaceful celebrations. Building a family and growing old together. He thought of his mother’s wedding ring hidden amongst his personal effects, the one he held on to despite the sickness, hunger and poverty that plagued him, because he wanted to give it to the right partner. When the time was right, Steve would present it to her, asked her the question and spend the rest of his life devoted to her.
As Tony climbed up the stairs to his room, a stray thought entered his head. That dream he saw when he fell asleep in the workshop, was that dream about his Dad? It was so odd to see his father as a young man. That mustache was atrocious, and the flying car design even more so. Dad should have listened to me, was the last thing Tony thought about before he drifted off to sleep once more.
“What’s going on?” Bucky walked in to the dining room, looking disheveled and bleary eyed.
Hahaha. Just kidding...
“At once, Sir.”
“Hey babe, how was mass? Did you pray for us all?” Tony asked him teasingly, lifting up a champagne glass filled with orange juice for him to drink.
“They overdosed you with the anesthetics to dig out all the bullets. You’ve been in a coma for four days.” Tony explains, feeling his vision clouded by the unshed tears in his eyes, “it took you so long to wake up. I thought you’d sleep for another seventy years.” Tony chuckles to lighten the mood. Steve is still staring at him uncomprehendingly, his blue eyes look confused.
They finally left with Babbo telling them, “Bye! Learn something!”
When they finally got their turn to take pictures, they stood there and took pictures from different angles to make sure that they captured the statue in all its glory, also not forgetting to take pictures of the towering origami paper cranes flying above the statue, a memorial to those who lost their lives during the Invasion. After taking a couple of selfies, they moved away from the statue, looking around the lobby.
“Hahaha, kids you know? So imaginative.” Tony tried to laugh it off with the crowd, but he felt like the expression on his face was closer to a grimace than a smile. Thank God nobody took Ulysses seriously or their covers might be blown. As it was nobody glanced twice at them as they just looked like an omega and his two children at the park even if the omega in question kinda looked like Tony Stark. But then again, Tony Stark wouldn’t be caught dead going outside in loose sweatpants and a Motorhead t-shirt, right?
“No! Don’t you remember me even a little?” the man implored him.
Steve got home from the mission late that night. After briefing Maria at the upstate New York facility that Tony revamped for the Avengers’ new headquarters, he finally managed to get home. He sent Natasha and Sam back earlier, they needed the rest more than he did even despite Natasha’s protestations. Besides, as team leader it was his duty to brief Maria and gave the report. That was hours ago, and now all he wanted to do was go home to the Tower and cuddled up with Tony and Ulysses.
Joe plagued his every thought. Their brief interactions throughout the years only seem to solidify Jamie’s affection for him, made him crave Joe more, made him want to know him better. Jamie knew he couldn’t go on like this forever, hiding his feelings and admiring the most wonderful Omega he might ever know in his whole life from afar, missing his chance because of his cowardice. Jamie decided then that he should take a chance, it was now or never. Aaron was right, what was the worst that could happen?
“Hey, Joe,” Jamie’s voice called out to him in the tone of the classic Hendrix song, and despite his anxiety regarding Peter’s whereabouts, he felt his lips quirked up in a fond smile at the boy approaching, “where you goin’ with that phone in your hand?”
Natasha hummed, “How was your date with Stacy? You saw her off at the airport?”
“Aaaaaahhhh! What the hell! What just happened! Steve!” Tony exclaimed, amber eyes wide open in shock. And Steve, well, Steve was helpless to do anything else but smile indulgently down at him, hugging Tony, armor and all, to his body. He was so happy and grateful that they got another chance to be together. “Did you finally kiss me?” Tony asked innocently.
Joe shrugged in acknowledgement. One of the most prevailing stereotypes of an Omega was how nurturing and maternal they all were. But as Joe witnessed first hand, when provoked an Omega could be even more vicious than an Alpha or Beta. A couple of years back, there was a kidnapping attempt on him and Peter. When the Avengers finally rescued them, it took Uncle Sam, Uncle Clint and Uncle Bucky to hold Babbo back to stop him from repulsoring the shit out of their kidnappers. At least the ones that escaped Papa’s wrath.
“Sounds good, Bubbles.” Peter answered, referencing the Powerpuff Girls nickname the Stark-Rogers boys had for each other.
“The meatball, Steve! It looks so nauseating. Like, ugh!” Tony exclaimed, “It looks so--
“You erased me from your memory because you thought you were holding me back from having a fulfilled and happy live. But what you don’t understand is, a life without you would be meaningless because you’re the love of my life, the man of my dreams.” Tony motioned around to the artworks surrounding him, “and apparently I’m the man of yours.”
“What is it, darling?”
“My mate is concerned about your gang ties,” Tony added, trying his best to placate Steve and Falcon, “which is not you, but
“My baby’s leaving me…” Tony cried, already halfway to tipsy by this point, “
“Well, Cap -- that’s what we all call Steve, Cap, told this hip hop wannabe artist DJ Falcon, who’s actually kind of cute, that he would never book him to play in the bar.” Natasha informed them.
JR: but there’s something i have to tell you
“What gave me away?” Steven grinned.
JR: and auntie nat
“Hey, Stevie. How’s the painting coming?”
Ugh, Tony was so firing her.
Tony shot Steve a look that said ‘I know what we’ll be doing once Ulysses was down for his nap’. Steve flushed a fetching shade of red much to his amusement.
“What?!” Steve exclaimed, “When?! He was here in the Tower?!”
“That was almost convincing,” Bucky piped in. Next to him, Natasha smirked in amusement at her packmates’s antics.
“I’m probably just too tired from the workshop. Nothing a quick nap can’t fix,” Tony said, his eyes wet with unshed tears and eager to not talk about his episode.
Steve’s heartbeat ratcheted up excitedly as he saw the Iron Man armor. He felt a smile started to form on his face as he saw Tony hurtling down towards them, “Son of a gun,” he whispered reverently. But something was wrong, Tony wasn’t slowing down. He wasn’t making any move to break his fall. If this continued, Tony would hit the ground.
Steve and Tony were summoned again to the precinct where Bucky and Sharon worked. They had told the couple that they have identified their murder victim, and would like to share the new information with them. They were accompanied by Nick, as their lawyer, and the three of them were waiting in the interrogation room. The day’s events had left Tony feeling tired, more so than usual and he resorted to laying his head on Steve’s shoulder as they waited. Steve turned his head and pressed a kiss on Tony’s forehead, eliciting a smile from Tony as he looked up at his Alpha and pursed his lips for kiss from Steve, one that Steve gladly bestowed upon him. Steve breathed in the scent of his mate, noticing a subtle difference in Tony’s scent. He chalked it all up to the whirlwind of the day causing Tony to stress out a little bit and affecting his natural scent. After all of this was over, Steve vowed to take the two of them out of Brooklyn for a while for a relaxing vacation somewhere far away.
He rushed down to the workshop, eager to share his epiphany with his mate. He hurriedly commanded JARVIS to open the workshop door, uncaring for his curt tone for once.
“I don’t think I can live with this.” Steve sighed, despairingly taking another drink from the whiskey bottle. He really wished he could just drink himself to a stupor. Tony’s willingness to look the other way in the face of Bucky being a murderer was alarming to say the least. Steve was so tempted to look the other way too, because Bucky did save Tony’s life and that wasn’t something Steve could just brush off. Bucky saved Tony, which meant he indirectly saved Steve from living a life without Tony. And that wasn’t something he could survive. But his conscience was a stubborn thing and refused to be ignored.
“He’s still alive, Mr. Stark. But we have to get him to the operating room stat.” the emergency med crew told him not unkindly.
“You wouldn’t believe if I told you,” Ellie gestured to the card description next to the painting.
“Nah. I told him if he doesn’t leave us alone, I’d kill him. And he believes me.” Steve groaned, dropping his body on the recliner situated by Tony’s desk.
“Corned beef hash. I made extra so you can have them for lunch later, if you want. Just need to nuke it in the microwave.” he said, motioning to the pile of beef and potato on the dining table.
“Steven! Steven, oh thank Zeus, you’re alive!”
Tony grinned dopily, sated and happy were good looks on him. Steve resolved on making sure to put that sappy smile on his face everyday for the rest of his life. “You’re right. And not that I’m complaining but what brought this on? You were jumpier than a snapping turtle this morning and now you’re all Mr. Lovey Dovey.”
“A funeral? For the fetus?” Tony scooped another spoon of ice cream from a carton of Rocky Road ice cream on Steve’s lap.
“I know you’re thinking it, Tony. I can see it in your eyes.”
“I guess?”
“Stop swearing in front of the baby,” Natasha chastised him. She was sitting in the center on the chaise they dragged up here, resplendent in a purple floor length gown.
Tony was in the workshop that morning, working on another upgrade for the robotics he wanted to install in Bucky’s arms as well as in the prosthetics that SI provided for free to veterans through their rehabilitation clinics. But his head was pounding, and his vision was starting to blur.
As if answering Steve’s prayers, Widow’s voice on the comm line told him, “I can close it! Can anybody hear me? I can shut the portal down!”
“We’re not finished yet.” Thor looked up at Tony’s tower, where Loki remained unapprehended so far.
Peebee…” Joe knelt next to his brother’s unconscious body, eyes scanning him from head to toe to determine where the blood was coming from. He propped up Peter’s head to his lap, placing his fingers on Peter’s neck, trying to find a pulse.
“You’re the father of his child, Tony. He had a chance to go after Barnes last year, but he stayed so he could be with you.”
“And he would smell just like your hands,” he finished with a small smile directed at Tony.
JR: they’re not gonna murder you, dont be silly
“What about ten years from now, Buck? Twenty? Don’t you wanna have a life that doesn’t revolve around taking care of me? I’m not gonna do that to you and Dad, Buck. You deserve to live a full life. And I deserve to decide what I want to do with mine.”
“Lifetime movies would have less bloodshed, I think.” Steve chuckled.
“We do.” Steven smiled at him, “I would very much like to get to know you, Anthony.”
“Not bad, birdbrain. You could give Ansel Adams a run for his money.” Tony quipped sleepily.
Steve’s brow furrowed in consternation. Rarely did anyone call Tony on his personal line, unless that person was Pepper, Rhodey, Happy and a select few SI employees. “Who is it, JARVIS?” he asked.
Ulysses giggled in response at his uncle, reaching out with his pudgy fingers for Clint. “Yes, he did and apparently now is drooling his way down my back.” Tony answered for him.
“Aah!” Tony shouted, chest heaving as a jolt of electric pleasure coursed through his body. His hands lost its grip on the pillow and he gripped Steve’s biceps as Steve prodded again at his prostate. Tony could feel that rising wave of pleasure within him and knew that he was close to coming. But he wants to feel his mate deep inside of him first before he comes. Tony moved his grip to Steve’s wrist and squeezed signaling his mate to stop his ministration.
On his way back to the car, Tony took a detour to the production plant to see the arc reactor that partially powered their factory. The ethereal blue glow of the reactor was soothing and familiar. Tony had a niggling sense of
Mahalo: Thank you
Steve shook his head, “I’m not gonna forget about it. I already wrote it down, I won’t let myself. And I’m gonna do it whether you want me to or not. Please respect my decision, Tony. I’ll be at my house. I’ll see you tonight.” and with that, he turned taking all the joy in Tony’s life with him. Tony absentmindedly thought about that ring he hid in the drawers of his work desk and had another thought to remind JARVIS to cancel the ring box order. Steve didn’t want it anyway.
Tony lifted his head up, trying to figure out who’s dickish enough to reflect sunlight to people’s eyes and then give him a piece of their mind, when his train of thought suddenly halted. Sitting in one of the booths by the window was the most beautiful man Tony had ever seen. He was blonde, with broad shoulders and incredible arms, reading a book in his left hand as he propped up a knife that was reflecting sunlight to Tony’s eyes with his right hand. He was tall, if he stood up he would be taller than Tony by at least a head. His grey t-shirt left very little to the imagination, and Tony saw the most ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio known to man, and Tony knew supermodels without that proportion. Even from a far, Tony could see his patrician nose, his full lips and the wide set of his brows, all coming together to make a face that Michelangelo should have used as a model when he sculpted the David.
“Eww!”
Thor sighed, big heaving sigh that signaled resignation, “Yes. No. Maybe?” he sighed again, “I’ve never encountered such a problem before. Guess they were wrong when they said ‘absence makes the heart grow fonder’. It only makes the heart grow colder in this case.”
JR: you are expected for dinner next thursday
“It’s amazing we’ve never seen it before.”
“Bucky saw Rumlow and the napkin?” Natasha nodded. “Right. You seen Pierce?”
“I can officially say this is the first time anyone ever complimented me for getting knocked up.” Tony laughed.
It was a silly memory but one that Steve still clung to as it helped him remember that there was a purpose to everything he did. And now with him and Tony finally having a live together and on the verge of celebrating their first Christmas together, he couldn’t help but think about that day so long ago when the thought of spending the rest of his life with Tony first occurred to him.
“Oh my God,” Brianna gasped, “he’s an artist too! God, how perfect could he be?”
Or so Tony thought until that fateful day in May when he had the pleasure of being blown up by his own weapon.
“Huh? What do you mean?”
JR: there was a lot of shouting and threatening hand gestures involved
Tony had just fed Ulysses from a bottle, because after eight months of breastfeeding he couldn’t take anymore yanking and pulling of his poor abused nipples even from his own son. Ulysses was in his arms, drooling away on his shoulder as he played around with the schematic of his latest project on a StarkPad for a device that would help veterans or traumatic brain injury patients recover from PTSD. He got the idea after a movie night where Thor picked a Disney movie called
“Tell them to come to our room, please, JARVIS.” Steve told the AI.
Also I know in the myth Perseus was the one who married Andromeda, but this Tony Stark and he would totally be the one who asked Steve to marry him because he's Tony Stark. nuff said
“Father, I’ve told you before to call me Steve.”
Tony didn’t think he was worrying too much. He was worrying the perfect amount, and it wasn’t because his instincts was going haywire with being pregnant and not having his mate beside him to calm down those instincts to nest and just huddle up with Steve in their bedroom.
Bucky cut into Sharon’s questioning by informing them, “Blood coagulation suggested that he was shot between 1 and 3 AM.”
me and Nat get to be the baby’s godparents. And to name her Katniss.” Clint said.
“Don’t worry about it, Tony. It’s Steve. With Natasha and Clint, at that.” Thor tried to reassure him. The drum set looked comically small in his hands. It was a wonder the thing hasn’t been smashed to pieces by now. “They’re as indestructible as an infinity stone. They’ll be fine.”
“Then you’ve never seen Papa and Babbo look at each other. Where have you been, Peebee?” Peter snickered at his brother, “You should change outta that outfit soon. Papa and Babbo are home early and they wanted to go out for dinner.”
“Ah, thank you, I guess.” Anthony’s blush was endearing to say the least, “glad to be here. I guess this is your island, huh?”
“No, Steve, I can’t. He’s coming now.” Tony insisted, then he let put a blood curdling scream/groan, squeezing Steve’s hand hard. Steve helplessly rubbed his lower back, his face concerned and pained. No matter that this was his third time accompanying Tony through his labor pains, Steve still couldn’t help but be scared on his mate’s behalf.
“Tony, I look at my dad and my brother’s lives and I won’t do that to you.”
Steve and Tony exchanged amused looks at Thor’s words, “Is this just an excuse to set something on fire, Thor?”
“-- and with this fellowship hopefully we’ll get more kids to be interested in studying science and engineering, you know. Especially the girls, because I’m telling you Steve, there aren’t enough girls in the STEM field. And God knows we need more of them. They’re not there not because they’re incapable, or aren’t as good in math as the boys. That’s bullshit. They’re not there because nobody has been showing them they can be in tech. And that’s gonna be my latest project, bringing-” Tony abruptly cut himself off, realizing he had been monopolizing the conversation for some time now.
“Uh huh.” Ellie nodded, “look at the artist’s birth year. 1918. Who else could it be?”
“Oh no, I just got an alert the spies are coming to kill me. Bye Shirley!” Tony exclaimed, running to catch up to the Jet Ski before he passed the boardwalk he was on.
“Yeah, we had to videocall him this morning to reassure him that everything’s fine. He still insisted on coming down this weekend, though.” Peter added.
“God fucking dammit!” Tony adjusted, getting above Steve, trying to block him from exploding plane debris. Certain that that the suit covered Steve as much as possible, Tony wrapped his left arm around him, holding probably a bit too tightly. “Where the fuck is your parachute, you maniac!”
She smiled softy back, seemingly as happy as he at their newfound friendship. “Is that motor oil in your hair?”
Bulldozer didn’t bother responding, just bent down and charged Tony. With his head down like he was bull or something, what in the actual fuck? Twisting out of the way, Tony lifted his arm and fired. But Bulldozer had obviously learned a few things from their first go-round, and doubled back quickly, charing again to ram his armored helmet into Tony’s stomach. Oh. So that was what had hit him earlier. The dude’s helmet. Lovely.
At least it was an easy choice. “Yeah, what the hell. Let’s  go eat.”
“No, but
“Hmm?” Frowning intently on the chessboard in front of him, Steve tapped his finger on the table and considered his next move.
But maybe, perhaps, being a
“Some weren’t so incredible.”
“Oh, that’s how it’s gonna be?” Tony snorted, leaning into his brother as they walked down the hall.
Tony watched, a heavy weight settling in his chest, while Steve filled in the rest of the team on what he suspected. It had been a happy atmosphere only minute previously, he thought wistfully, while Clint’s jaw dropped in shock and Natasha went carefully blank again. Almost like a family dinner, with bickering and teasing and laughter ringing throughout the penthouse.
do, and it’s called
Squeezing his eyes shut, Tony took a minute to gather all his strength to find the energy to stand up and turn around, then did so, plastering on a bright smile as he did. “Hey, Pep.”
Steve shivered, and licked his lips. “Tony…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, it appears that Shield has these fancy little face masks that allow the wearer to look and sound completely like another person,” Barton said, his face darkening. “I wasn’t aware of them, not until Nat mentioned them. Apparently someone — we’re guessing Hydra, or someone left of AIM, or both — got ahold of them and slipped in as your pilot with the intent of taking you out. Make it look like an accident, like something went wrong with the plane, or your took too many pills, or who the hell knows. I guess no one wants to kidnap you anymore, they decided it’s better to just have you dead. Steve being there must have been a hell of a bonus. But then one of your flight attendants caught on that something wasn’t right, and so the guy rigged the plane to blow.”
“What about you?” Steve asked, as Tony contemplated his next move.
“Okay, I think we all agree that could have gone better,” Bruce said tentatively, hours later. He stood in the middle of the common area, looking from Avenger to Avenger. First to Clint, who was perched on the back of the couch. Then to Natasha, sitting on the sofa in font of him, the way a regular person would, but with her nostrils flared slightly. Thor was next to her, in his battle armor, twirling his hammer around, brow furrowed. On the far side of the room, near the bar, was Steve. He only pressed his lips together and nodded when Bruce’s gaze landed on him. Since they’d handed the Wrecking Crew and their minions over to Maria Hill and her team, he hadn’t said much. Tony knew it was less because he was injured and more because he was just as annoyed as Tony, and for some reason it made his blood boil further.
“No.”
That fucking hurt. Not just his wrist, which burned like seven hells, but his pride. Something about being zip-tied to a bed frame was so demeaning. Probably that was the point. Well, two could play that game. Deciding he wasn’t going to let them win, he pushed that aside and surveyed the room. Same one as before, only…
Natasha stepped back, placing her hands on her hips, and frowned. “Congratulations. You have bruised ribs and a concussion.”
“That went well,” Tony remarked after the silence had stretched out between the three left. “What do we do now?”
“Hey, that’s rude. Look. I’m gonna make you a deal, like I did some of your friends earlier. Let me go, I give you money. You know I’m good for it. Keep me restrained, and you’ll be among the first to be taken out.”
Breaking off, Steve shook his head, and pressed his lips firmly together.
“Yeah, I know. And I think we can help each other. Because quite frankly, I don’t think you’ll last a week if you do what I suspect you’re about to do..”
“I have Goose,” Fury said, looking over to the cat lounging in a cat bed.
Her frown deepened. “What is going on with you two? I thought you boys had stopped screaming at each other.”
“Tony. May I?” Steve asked again, quieter this time, the determination fading away to something softer.
He looked so unbearably sad while he said it that for a moment Tony considered sinking to the floor next to him and giving the guy a hug. Just as he was about to, however, Steve cleared his throat.
Oblivious to Tony’s mortification, Steve nodded. “Good. Because I could use some help, and I don’t know who I can trust. I’d like to start with you.”
. What else was he going to do?
But eventually, Steve walked in.
Before Steve’s run-in with Sitwell, Tony remembered. Steve had said something about Fury wanting to talk to him.
“Aye. Though much as I desire to assist you in defeating Midgard’s evil-doers, we must also not lose sight of our most dire goal,” Thor said. “We cannot stop in our search of Loki.”
“Tony.” Natasha was by his side, looking down at him with something too close to sympathy in her eyes. “Do you trust me with him?”
“I mean it. Cap went ballistic when Nat told us you’d been taken. We were outta Prague and in the air in minutes.”
“We need to stop the bleeding,” Tony admitted, hurrying over. “Goddammit, why didn’t you say something earlier, I could have…could have done something then!” He looked at the cabin again. “Maybe there’s something in the…”
Steve was having none of it.
Footsteps sounded in the hallway behind him. Instantly pissed, Tony put his hands up, putting the repulsors on full blast, not wanting to take any chances with Steve already so hurt. Not on his watch.
“It’s not good,” Bruce told Clint as Tony approached, and Tony froze, closing his eyes, and shuddering, grateful that JARVIS silenced the sound that escaped him at Bruce’s statement.
“Seriously. I try to tell them that most of the time, the famous Tony Stark is…” she threw a hand out, gesturing at him, shaking her head, “but they refuse to let me kill the badass image they hold dear.”
But he didn’t want to believe Fury would be a Nazi. The man had saved his life with the palladium poisoning, after all.
“I know what you’re doing, Thor,” Bruce grumbled. “Getting me out of the room to help make tea isn’t going to keep me calm.”
Of all goddamn, fucking things. He’d been kidnapped by an ex-girlfriend.
“I really didn’t mean to scare you. I just wanted to ask what you were working on.”
Eyelids fluttered, and then opened long enough for Tony to see a flash of deep, endless blue. “Hey,” Tony said, barely able to speak in a voice loud enough to be heard. He cleared his throat, a grin spreading over his face, and fought the urge to start laughing like a loon. “Hey, I saw those baby blues flash, Cap, no going back to sleep now. Why don’t you wake up all the way? We’ve been waiting on you for ages, Clint’s been bitching non-stop.”
“I want to know, as soon as you do. I——Steve?” he asked, anything he was about to say promptly getting pushed to the back of his mind as he felt a twitch under his fingers. “Cap, you hear me?”
With a snort, Tony nudged Thor away. “We just fought off an alien invasion, Capsicle. Pretty sure we’re all hurt. Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you’re favoring your midsection and right side.”
