It looked like Sam was thinking or trying to remember something... "it was like she wrapped us in something thick and weighted. Almost like a weighted blanket, it muted the senses and she talked to us for a while.... I think she kept my soul safe when Cas pulled out my body." Something about the way that Sam said those words made Dean grimace, but he held his position at the wall. His brother looked over to him with a little bit of concern, but didn't speak on it, instead he shifted his gaze to the prone figure that had their head now in Jack's lap.
The thought crosses Jack's mind as he drains the power from Chuck and watches as the now mortal man looks over at them all in shock. Jack drained him, for sure, but there is something.... off... something was missing. Taking a few deep breaths he lets the new power in him settle, but it just won't lie still. Something is calling to the power, its straining to go somewhere else. Feeling things more powerfully now he can sense so much more, yet he is still unable to determine what is calling to him so much. Looking around he sees it... or well something. Almost like a thread, not quite a thread of fate, but this thread is silver in nature. The pull is coming from that string.
Sam was the first one back into the room after the rumbling had stopped. Taking the first few tentative steps in side he gazed about the room and sucked in a sharp breath. There laying in a puddle of viscous ooze lay a figure that he seemed to inherently recognize.
It was Sam, of course, who broke the silence, "Elle... is that you?" The woman on the ground let her eyes slide away from Jack, though it looked like it took considerable effort. They slid over to Sam quickly and a soft smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. With slow and rather unsteady movements she attempted to sit up with Jack aiding her as best he could until she was upright enough to look over the group.
"Right, right..." Dean took a deep breath in and let it out before tucking his 1911 in the back of his waist and motioning out the door that he had been standing beside almost this entire time. "We are going to have to get back to Baby, and I am not sure how far away that is from here." The group followed Dean as he lead the way back outside and into the light of day. The building that Elle was housed in was, in fact abandoned well before all the people left the planet, so there was no one there to see them emerge. "Jack are you going to zap us back?"
Doing the only thing he could do to block that voice, Dean swallowed harshly and closed his eyes a second before nodding and drawing in a deep breath. Waiting for Sam to hit him with some sort of emotional bomb, another upheaval was.... something else. Whatever was going to fall out of his mouth wasn't meant to hurt him, he knew that, but he also knew it probably was. "We need to talk about this plan Dean. I think we can trust Elle... but I don't think we can trust her when she has all that power. Look at what happened to Chuck!"
Indecision warred within him but he took a deep breath and just thought about it. His angelic side was pulling him here, this was an angel thing, and it was connecting to the new powers that he had gotten from Chuck. It was the more human hunter side that wanted to get away from the power here, but in order to get Cas out of the empty they were going to need every trick in the book and every little bit of help that they could get. So the slab needed to be opened. Not really knowing when he decided to close his eyes, he opened them to look over at Dean and nodded. "I have to get it out... whatever I am drawn to is inside, and it will help us." Dean nodded and stepped back, giving Jack's shoulder one more squeeze, and let him concentrate.
Both of them paled a bit when Bobby said that, but he just continued on like nothing was out of the ordinary. "We have everything pretty much well in hand, however the bride has sent some of her people here to get a feel for the place and has some stipulations of her own for the ceremony. In all honesty Sam, she isn't asking for a whole heck of a lot, just a few extra steps, so I figure we can work that all in for her easily enough." Handing Sam a small, neatly printed list, Bobby looks up from the paperwork and over at Dean. "Of course you are going to have to do a little bit of talking, being heir apparent and all, so I think that we are going to have to work on your speech a bit more. Also you two have to work out who else is going to be standing up on the dais with you. Jo will be on the bride's side as tradition dictates, but the bride also has two others she wants included. It's going to be up to you, Dean, to set that right."
It was the same brick walls that all the other rooms had in the bunker but Dean had tried to bring a little more to it than the other rooms. Hell even Sam didn't know that Dean's nesting went this far. There was actual art on the walls here, a few nature pieces that Dean had found at the good will and cleaned up, lots of flowers that Dean had hoped would remind Cas of the bees that he was so interested in, and of course a few nature like decorations. There were some crystals that could be used in a spell if they needed in a pinch, but were mostly calming and grounding... Dean had read it some where and it seemed like something that Cas might like. There were different books on flowers and gardens, a bee coffee mug, a honeycomb paperweight, and a wooden holder that Dean had made to hold his angel blade were among the only things on the little desk that was in the room.
It took a moment for Jack to process the words, but he nodded and stepped closer to both Dean and Sam. Without really thinking it through he began the process of flying them from point A to point Baby and only vaguely caught a glimpse of Elle as she flew past him with her cotton candy colored wings. Jack was lucky that he had already envisioned where he wanted to land before he started or he may have actually stumbled and fallen out of the air mid flight. Something was really odd with him lately and other than the influx of power over the last few hours the only difference was Elle. With claims that she could completely just erase the empty and get Cas back, if she could do that it would change his whole future wouldn't it? Would it change what he and Sam had talked about? Would he be able to have a life? Maybe Elle could teach him how to put power into a talisman so that he could just be for a while... but then what would happen to Heaven? They needed a ruler didn't they... or at least someone to make sure that another Apocalypse didn't happen. Right?
"Good, that's... great." Dean spoke this time, perhaps feeling a little uncomfortable. "Now we just gotta get Cas back and then we can go home." Brushing some imaginary dust off of his shoulder he looks over to Jack and Elle before settling his gaze on his brother who... doesn't look like he agrees with that statement. "Sam?"
He rolled his eyes in Adler's general direction. "Look here Adler, I don't care what you think of me. Castiel is a person, and he deserves every right to be happy and not sold off to someone so you can make some coin. He's a person, not a meal ticket. If you don't like the facts, find a door." Dean folded the parchment as he spoke and tucked it neatly into a pouch at his side like he knew what he was doing and thumbed in the general direction of
and Dean just uses him?
"I suppose it wouldn't, but seeing as how I was created in hell and spent a vast majority of my early years learning how to survive that place.... it makes sense to me. I was never even named properly. Mostly because the beings that created me had no idea I existed." Elle turned her body to fully see Jack a bit better and her gaze was intense. Again Jack felt something strange, and he couldn't focus his thoughts enough to put it in words. What was it about Elle that made him feel that way.
Gabriel thought as he surveyed his handy work. The book had been the perfect lure for all three of his idiots, and the premise was just... spot on. Now he just had to make sure that his plan went off without a hitch, or if there was one, to solve it quickly. His grace was coming back stronger, but it was harder to manage, which was a bummer. Luckily he had thought ahead and had a large component pouch that had ingredients needed to keep things interesting here in the land of make-believe. A quick flick of his wrist and a few well placed sigils on his person and he had grounded himself in the magics here, letting him manipulate his little vision whenever he liked.
"Do you know what it is like spending time all alone in hell?" Elle looked between the Winchesters, her stance turning slightly more defensive and making Jack want to move closer, but he doesn't. "Its awful, simply put. When you and Adam were thrust into the cage I felt the instant connection to your souls, you both had a thread of family to you and instinctively I knew I needed to help you. When Castiel came to take you from the cage Sam, I panicked... I grew up in hell thinking I was like one of them and feeling this angelic grace... even though it called to me because it too felt familiar I was scared of it so I held on too tightly to your soul to try and protect you in my own strange way." The look on her face was sad, full of remorse. "After you were pulled out and eventually Death came to collect your soul... there was a hell of a power imbalance between the two major players, so I tried to hide once more... Purgatory was not a place that I enjoyed... but I spent some time there hiding out, until Crowley started looking into a way to get me out of Purgatory."
"Right... " The word was drawn out and kind of quiet as if she was wondering how to approach what she really wanted to say. Though eventually she seemed to settle on something, looking over at Dean, "the righteous man. I have heard of you, and I met a different version of you once..." Waving a hand off to the right she winced, "it was a very eye opening experience to say the least. At least you haven't hit on me yet." There was a half smile on her face again as Jack lifted a hand to steady her shoulder. "Not really the way I had imagined meeting this version of you."
"You won't." The softly spoken words held a strange conviction as Elle turned around to face Jack fully. Hazel eyes stared into his intently and he could see her wings twitch slightly behind her almost as if they were going to move in and comfort him. "Power like that is based on intent. Do you intend to put things back the way they belong for the living creatures on this planet?" Jack nodded because words were escaping him again as he stared at her, and then she smiled. "Then you will be fine. Breathe in deeply, close your eyes and focus your intent... then snap." The slightly gravelly tone eased Jack into doing what she said, a deep breath in as he closed his eyes and he visualized what he wanted to do... and then SNAP.
there was too much bottled up inside him, there always was, but now the cork had just exploded off and he needed to quickly release the pressure or the bottle was going to break. Heaving sobs wracked his body as he clutched at the soft blankets and let his guilt and pain consume him.
Right now Dean needed to pull himself together because he needed to get Castiel back stateside... or well back from the empty. Then there was the whole
"Wait... your double can move through the different versions of reality even with you locked in stone?" According to the tone it was Sam that asked, and Elle gave him a look that just screamed duh but eventually nodded.
"Well, nice of you two princesses to join us today. We have a lot to go over, come on." Bobby waved them up onto the platform, and motioned them over to a table covered in paperwork. "The whole kingdom is in a tizzy trying to make plans for the big day, and we have things we need to go over. Since you are the higher ranking official at present, the wedding will more than likely take place here."
I know, but I just know that this person can get to where Cas is and bring him home." A multitude of emotions flick through Dean's eyes and with this new strange god like power Jack can decipher them all. It makes his head spin. "I can get us to them now... but I think there is trouble."
Jack thought it was a touch curious what they were talking about, because he wasn't sure that he had heard that story, but it was something to ponder at another time. "This way," he pointed Dean in the right direction knowing that Sam would follow behind him. Leading them through the darkness was the east part, he had a glimmering silver thread showing him the correct paths. Sure he had to circumnavigate some walls here or there, but for the most part, it was fairly easy. Focusing on the silver string, he hadn't noticed that Dean had stopped to point out some strange sigils on the walls, mostly written in some archaic form of Enochian. Crude, but not meant to keep angels or humans out, as if they were an afterthought. These were meant to conceal this place from Demons. The further that they walked into the building, the colder it got. It left a slightly uneasy feeling in the pit of Jack's stomach, but he kept moving forward until he came to a door.
"No.... Sam and I have been traveling through the forest. Got a little turned around while we were arguing, and then we spoke to Rufus — who wants you to stop by sometime soon, by the way — and we came right back here.." Dean answered without reading the parchment and then looked down to see what was in his hands. There was a moment where Dean felt like time just sort of stopped and all the blood drained from his face.It wasn’t that there were many words on the parchment, but Dean took his time to read it twice before swallowing and looking up. Though what he really wanted to do was speak to Sam directly, Dean knew that he needed to take a moment and resolve this issue first. It would not do well for them to have Adler keeping a close eye on them and noticing that they were not the Sam and Dean who ruled here. Licking his lips once, Dean lowered the paper to look over at Bobby and then at Adler. "We haven't come across anyone else today."
Dean would have like to say that he didn't punch the wall on the way out of the showers, but he couldn't, he needed that dull ache in his knuckles to remind him of what he needed to do. Finding the kid and Elle wasn't that hard, he could hear Jack talking a mile a minute as he talked about one book or another in the library, so that is where he headed. "There are all kinds of books here, we use them all the time for research. Though I much prefer the computer... I don't like the paper cuts." Jack shared conspiratorially and Elle gave a halfhearted laugh that seemed to resonates through Dean. Just watching them a moment and leaning against the entrance jamb he observed the two. Jack was just the same as he had always been, a little blunt and a little... off but kind of endearing, and Elle? Well the jury was still out on that one, he wasn't sure exactly what she was like before so he wouldn't know what to look for if there were changes. They stood a a few feet apart as Elle's eyes scanned the shelves and Jack's eyes were firmly studying her.
worked, he figured Cas could suss that out when he got back. Cas would know how to handle all of this, even if he was a human he could handle anything that was thrown at him with a cool head. Its why Dean often relied so heavily on him, and damn if that didn't make him feel more guilty. Cas
Blowing out a breath Sam tilted his head back and thought about it. "I think I asked her once, why she was there, and she said that my soul was screaming out for help and she felt compelled to help me. There was some sort of connection that she was able to follow and found us as we were falling and she jumped in to protect us." At that Jack seemed to stiffen but no one noticed, the brothers both too busy to see the subtle movement. Dean huffed out a harsh breath, like he didn't buy that for a second. "Like I said after Death got my soul back and then Cas broke the wall in my mind there was a lot of things going on, and I thought I had just made it up. I didn't think she was real."
must be related to these new God powers he has, but that was something to think about after other questions were answered.
"So it tortures you?" Dean just nodded to his brother, he remembered Cas telling him something along those lines when he came back the first time. "How are we going to side step that?"
"Oh, that one is easy. I am a Winchester."
"Lord Singer, I have a problem that I think your two... charges instigated!" he called.
Dean stared blankly at this so called Winchester as if the information made no sense, but Sam seemed to inherently understand what was being said. Passing a look to his older brother he furrowed his brow and opened his mouth to ask a question but stopped. "That doesn't really make sense." Of course it was Jack that spoke and broke the strange sort of tension in the air. It didn't make any sense at all to Jack, but then again there was very little about angels that he knew about. He was technically only three and had only the knowledge that Castiel gave him and what little he could glean from his new powers.
all he was going to do is agonize over this and not be able to breathe at all. A hand on his shoulder jolted him out of his own head and twisted and moved as if he was burned. Something in Sam's expression was a mixture of shocked and hurt and
with that knowledge? Dean was
? What am I supposed to do now? How am I supposed to be looking after Jack without you?" It was all rambles now, because honestly that was all Dean had left. "You know I have such bad luck with the kid, I haven't.... I haven't always been fair to him and that's on me but... I can't.... Cas he is gonna leave. Just like you but for different reasons, and I'm just... its just gonna be me and I don't think... I can't do this without you Cas. Sam doesn't deserve having to take on me with all this other shit, because I know the moment Jack leaves too... it... I won't have a leg to stand on man." Pulling in another shuddering breath he chokes, because
Right away Jack understood what Elle was not saying, and with her power she might be able to do what she was thinking of doing. "That or... destroy the empty." For a half a second it almost seemed like the air was sucked out of the room,  that was a big ask. Which is why Jack was the one to say it... because if Elle was a Siphon, and currently he was drawing in power too... perhaps the two of them combined could accomplish the goal.
later he used a bit of his grace to expel the goop from her lungs and it made an immediate difference. A soft flush came to her features as she was able to breathe on her own, but it did not seem as if she was ready to come back to consciousness just yet.  "There, she can breathe now..." Mumbling the words seemed to be the right thing to do when Sam seemed to relax himself and sit back on his heels. "You called her Elle.... do you know her?" Jack didn't look up to see the younger Winchester answer, instead he brushed her hair to one side and noted curiously that her head was shaved on the sides and back and only the top bit of hair was long. The style of it seemed to naturally want to fall to the left side of her face.
In the aftermath of such a confession there was silence, save for the soft pants of breaths coming from those in the room. Sam spoke first, "wait so helping me and Adam... that got you seen?" Dean looked very, very grey and Sam just looked confused as he asked the question. "You put yourself at risk helping us?" Something in the incredulous tone that Sam used irked both Jack and Elle something fierce.
Licking her lips in a gesture that was far too like Dean for his own comfort, Elle looked back to him and motioned to his shoulder. "I can see the touch of his grace there on your shoulder, and I can pull the rest of it out through that mark. Its rather dangerous for an angel to mark a human this way, especially one that is supposed to be a vessel, due to power manipulation. Though I don't think that Castiel thought about it when he marked you, I think it was more or less instinct." The edges of her lips tipped up in a sort of smile but she continued, "First I will push some power through it with the intent to give Cas a message and wake him should he be asleep, then I will siphon it out. Once the empty spits him out I have a few options on what to do there."
Adler looked like he wanted to rant some more, his face turning red like it was about to burst. "How DARE you?jJust because you are some princeling brat does not mean you can lie your way through things. You read his note, he was coming to find you!" His face looked so heated that Dean was almost sure you could cook an egg on the top of his head, but he knew that he couldn't back down. Not now, not after reading the note. They may be in some strange alternate verse but Cas and Dean had some kind of relationship here. Not being from this place and knowing little of the nuance and what people might actually know about it put a bit of strain on the normally cocky sort of swagger that he might throw around in these circumstances. As of right now, he knew that Adler, Bobby, Cas, and himself knew the contents of the letter but who outside that circle knew they were together without reading the note? That was the question, wasn't it. Bobby hadn't seemed shocked when he read it either, so he probably knew more than he was letting on.
As the thought passes through his mind the tug on the string gets rougher, something tugs hard at the string and a jolt of awareness passes through him.
A thought struck Jack,
There was a strange, almost ruddy look to Bobby's face as he opened his mouth to speak, which came out as more of a bellow. "You
"One should never meddle with time, but there were... You are my family and sometimes the needs of the family come before space time rules... I brought back Castiel a few times... because I knew that you needed him... I have subtly thwarted God when I could... being locked away in the rock made it more difficult, but I tried to use my double to run interference when I couldn't leave...." Turning back to the group she walked closer but still stopped more than an arms length away from Dean and Sam. "I wanted to make contact with you more than anything, but I knew it wasn't the right time. More and more power has been being funneled into me and I... when the surges hit it is very hard to keep concentration on a double."
"Your Castiel is a good kid, always pleasant and he has manners. Which I can't say all the other "Angels'' have. Especially those two oldest Adler boys,they wanted to become squires of some sort here a while back, but their lack of discipline and decency saw them out of here within the first day." Bobby shrugged and leaned a hip against the table, "Besides, Castiel ain't no
As much as Dean wishes he could refute the voice in his head... he is not wrong is he? Dean constantly said no to higher powers, and every time something big and strong came along he resisted and pushed back. Jack is three and it is all his fault that the kid has God like powers that he needs to learn to control ASAP and get the world back on the right track. What kind of man can do that to a kid?
"That was you? All those times... I- we thought God was bringing Castiel back." Dean corrected himself rather quickly, "how did..."
"Purgatory? So wait, Crowley knew who you were?" Dean looks absolutely wounded as he asks the question. Flickers of emotion danced behind his eyes as he tried to sort out the raging and combative thoughts in his head. All that time... The dull roar that came from inside him almost drowned out what Elle said next as she fumbled through more of her explanation.
hated the way Adler treated Cas and that Cas had told him a story once about how he was kidnapped as a child from a far away place. Always wishing someone would rescue him from the Adlers and their mistreatment. A sudden vision of a young Castiel and Dean hiding in the roots of a tree near a pond came to mind, Dean resting back against the tree with Cas' head on his shoulder as they talked. Little Cas gesturing wildly as he told a story and Dean laughing.... which was strange, right? Dean wasn't from here but those memories were. It was like Dean had stepped into the life of another version of himself, and that person’s memories were slowly coming to him.
Who really is this chick who claims she is a Winchester? Are there any truth to her words? How does it all fit in with the grand scheme of things and what does it mean for the future? Can Jack do what he needs to do? What choices will they all make?
but if we can get close enough there won't be time for the empty to put obstacles in our way."
Practically dancing with happiness, he headed over to Castiel. His form was still, just as it should be for this to work. Naomi had knocked him out and left him in the little cabin, which wouldn't do for the purpose of this story. Using a bit of subtle magic, Gabriel moved Castiel to where he should have been. Exactly where the Dean would know where to find him. He laid some false trails for Adler and the other idiots to run into — the little cabin would be found by Bobby's men when Gabriel was ready for them to find it. Just a few more things needed to snap into place and everything was ready for step two.
Knowing his brother still had to make it into the room he got closer and before he could stop himself he whispered a name. "Elle?" There was no movement so he knelt down and turned the body over to check for a pulse with a frown. If she was who he thought she was, she was real and corporeal, and wearing the strangest looking cloth gown that Sam had ever seen. "I don't think she is breathing.... I can't find a pulse." A flicker of something echoed in the back of Jack's mind as he watched Sam carefully maneuver the prone figure. Biting back words that he wasn't sure that he really wanted to say Jack knelt down next to her head and gently placed a hand on her cheek. Immediately he could tell why she wasn't breathing, the black goop that she was surrounded in was inside her lungs and her body had gone into a dormant type state to make sure it took no damage.
"Castiel made a deal, and though he is in the empty right now, if we turn him human and he gets spat back out, what's to say the empty won't try and take him back if I give him his grace back?" This time Elle's words were blunt and straight to the point. "I have a limited number of options here, and I will do what you all think is best... but I don't think its safe to take the chance that the Empty would get their hands on him again."
"You have his power now Jack... that's what you gained in that clearing, you can set things back to the way they were, just like we talked about." Sam spoke, but with a sort of sad smile. It was true that he had sat down with Jack before they put this plan into motion and discussed what was going to happen next. Jack wasn't really a fan of the plan, exactly, but there was no real choice for him was there? No pressure...
It took longer than he would like to get angry, because that was the only emotion that wouldn't cripple him right now and he
Fairy dust aside, finding Castiel is better than not finding him at all right?
It took Dean a second to fully step into the room and close the door softly behind him, no one would actually look for him here if they needed to find him. As far as Sam knew this was just another unused room, and he would be able to hear anyone coming down the hall. The green duffel hit the floor near the foot of the bed as Dean approached it and ran his fingers softly over the fuzzy blue blanket he bought and the soft robe he had laid at the foot of the bed. Cas had never been human so Dean had wanted him to feel all the soft and warm things he could when he had become human. Unchecked, a tear rolled down his cheek as he gripped the soft blanket and choked back a sob. The room was
" The thought flashes before his eyes as he struggles to breathe, there was too much power in him all at once. Perhaps if it was just Michael and Lucifer it wouldn't have been this overwhelming... but this was God's power... he held all of it now and ...
"I thought there were no other living beings here... isn't that what Chuck wanted?" Sam asked quietly as he guided them over to the impala, leaving a pleading mortal Chuck behind them in the dust. While that was true, God had wanted the Winchesters to suffer, and watched with glee as every little thing that could bring them happiness was ripped away, apparently it wasn't the case.
Knowing that the brothers were not raised like most mortal children kind of gave Gabriel a little thrill. Of course he wasn't a fan of the way that John Winchester went off the deep end and raised Sam and Dean. Hence the reason that Bobby was their father in this fairy tale world. No, the thrill came from knowing that they might not put the pieces of the puzzle together right away. Gabriel was no one's trick pony either: he had some surprises in store for the brothers hunter. The sheer amount of joy it brought to his face at just the thought of what his little twists were going to do... well, he wasn't known as Loki for nothing. Chaos brought him more happiness sometimes than happy endings, but he knew how he wanted this one to go and it was Happy... he just needed the brothers to cooperate long enough for it to happen. Plus some of the surprises were helpful... he wasn't that evil.
, after Cas came back. Sam and the kid had holed up for a little while before the plan was executed and Dean was pretty sure that they talked about all the possible outcomes of whatever was going to happen, and that Jack had already made up his mind about what he was going to do. All Dean's praying was not going to mean anything, but something inside Dean knew that this is what Cas would want somehow. For Dean to keep his faith, no matter how fragile. Of all the things that Castiel, the Angel of the Lord, had taught him... Faith was the biggest. Sure he didn't have any in himself, not really, but he found something to have faith in... Cas. Yeah that was rocky sometimes, and sometimes he lost that faith, but it always came back to Cas didn't it? After hell. Maybe that is why Elle's revelation was such a big deal to him and he needed to take a moment to really process that without the others around. Dean's removal from hell was such a big deal to all parties involved
Without thinking Jack raised his hand as if he were going to touch the stone but was jerked back a step when he heard a voice calling out to him. "Jack we don't know what's inside." Sam tried to reason and Dean just rolled his eyes. Though the current situation felt a little more dire than light hearted
"So what, are you saying we should just leave Cas there? Just forget about him? When has that ever worked out Sam? Leaving him there is like forgetting about Kevin. I can't do that." Punctuating the sentence with a rough wave of his hand he looks at Sam, really looks at him. "You might be able to just forget about people Sam, but I have never had that luxury, I remember everyone I have ever let down, and I am not... I am not gonna do that to Cas. You hear me?" Tone of voice can often betray one's emotions and right now there was no doubt that the raised pitch and cracked sound at the end of his words were betraying Dean.
"He was protecting you... and the truth of his words and feelings is what summoned the empty.... that was his deal." Hazel eyes flickered from left to right almost as if Elle was thinking rapidly and finally settled on Dean. "I- I think I know how we can get him back." Giving one last squeeze to Jack's hand she stepped forward and walked over to Dean, letting Jack go. "Humans are not allowed in the empty, right?" Dean nods slowly as she approaches, "so we have to get Castiel human to pull him out. I think I can do that from here." There is a narrowing of eyes in her direction. "You still have Castiel's mark yes?" She motions to Dean's shoulder, "I can use it to syphon his grace back through you.... though I would prefer to be at the location where he went into the empty if that makes sense."
Within an instant Jack could feel the life forces on the planet pulse back to life as people went back about their lives like nothing happened. There was a wide smile on his face that he could feel before he opened his eyes and saw one mirrored on Elle's face as she nodded at him. Apparently she could feel it too... so he did what felt natural and he wrapped her up into a hug. "Thank you," he whispered the words into her hair, as it appeared she was a bit shorter than he was, though she didn't seem to mind. At first she was a little stiff, almost like she didn't understand what was happening, but then her arms came around his waist as she hugged him back and Jack felt... different. Perhaps later he would take the time to figure out what exactly was happening there with that feeling... but it felt good and warm... it made him very happy.
"One at a time, I think." Elle took a deep breath and shook out her shoulders and let a pulse of lavender light engulf her for a moment as she healed any injuries she had as well as easing the sore muscles of her body. One final shake left her standing there in front of the three men in a different outfit, this one clean of goop.  An Avenged Sevenfold Death bat T-shirt was  visible under a red and black plaid shirt and a soft looking brown leather jacket. This of course topped worn looking blue jeans, a studded leather belt that looked like it also held bullets, and brown leather boots. "That's a little better... for now. I miss my lip ring though." One last stretch of her neck she smiled a bit, looking every bit a hunter as the Winchester brothers did. If Jack didn't know any better, he never would have guessed she was part angel... she was able to hide the power rather well. "Yeah I met a version of you from.... an alternate 2014. I helped him clear out most of a city for a raid at a compound  where I knew Lucifer was, mostly because he tried to kill me. I happened to let that version of Dean know where to find Lucy, but first he tried to flirt with me, and then kill me... and well Later he tried to kill me again. Great times."
though, a person made from pieces of them, and though Dean is still a little foggy on the details as to how
Jack wasn't exactly sure what happened to him, but he assumed that it had something to do with the empty and the deal that Castiel had made. No one knew that Jack was aware of the deal, and he knew that Castiel hated lying to Dean as a rule, but it was something that needed to be kept from Dean. No amount of wanting to tell Dean about it before was going to change things, perhaps he could with this new power but it was still unsteady.
Beside him, Sam took a deep breath and watched out of the corner of his eye as Adler huffed in indignation and sort of floundered for what he wanted to say. Bobby looked over at the man with a raised eyebrow until he walked off with a huff and turned to the boys with a sly sort of half smile on his face. "You did good there Dean, very… restrained for you. Glad to see those tutors we got you weren't a waste after all. I thought you might have slugged the pompous ass."
"What do you want me to say Sam? We were being chased by Billie and Cas- he summoned the empty." Turning away from his brother was difficult, but he couldn't look at him right now. The swirling storm of emotion was still burning strong in his gut, too many cracks in the tough guy façade that  he always wore. When Cas had been stabbed with the angel blade, and Dean had prepared his body for burning, it felt like this. That raw ache inside his chest, another person he had let down in his life, someone else who got dead because of him. Now though, that pain was worse, this was so much worse. Something Adam mentioned before the big betrayal came back to him
"I- I what if I mess this up?" Jack's voice was quiet now, this was something he had been worried about for a while now and just didn't quite know how to voice it. There was so much riding on him getting everything just right, but did he really want to play god? Was that something that he could handle?
"What do you mean?" Dean asked instead of Sam, but they both had the same question. Jack on the other hand understood inherently what kind of options she was speaking about, and it all had to do with the deal that he made with the empty.
Something about the way she said it sounded a little sheepish and Jack realized that she had only learned that she could pull that power when she went to help them, that it was something that she learned she could just inherently do, not something she had practiced. "So... how can you pull Cas' grace through me?" Dean asked after letting her words sink in.
The new power inside him thrummed, recognizing that these threads were different kinds of bonds. Different colors meant different things, but Jack didn't have any one in his life that was like Castiel, or even close to a connection as Dean had with Castiel,
why does everyone just fucking leave... why does it always gotta be me picking up the pieces...
this whole person creation thing, and now with that addition? A whole other being? There was a whole other layer to the madness.
"So what are you- no." Sam looked back and forth between his brother and Elle, "What are you saying? The only way to keep Cas from getting sucked back in would be to make him human for good right?" Dean seemed to shrink into himself at the suggestion and Sam seemed to flounder for a moment letting the implications of that statement just sink in. Castiel, human for good... Would he be okay with that? If it saved him?  As the thought bounced around his head Dean knew that the answer would be 'No', because he wouldn't have the power to keep Jack safe. Dean couldn't ask him to give up who he was just to be back at his side... could he?
. "What's wrong Jack?"
Not something that he wanted to deal with right now but he would keep that little nugget in the back of his mind for later.
"What if we are?" Sam motioned around him and looked at  Dean, "What if this is some strange angel ploy? Sucked into an alternate space... what are we going to do about it? We already saw Alfie — he was an angel back home and here he's what, a squire of some kind?" Dean snorts that Sam knows what that is but lets him continue. "We left the place that Balthazar sent us because he let us out. We need an angel or a spell to get us out of here, and so far I haven't seen an angel or any kind of magic. Maybe we need help here, Dean." They both contemplated the words as Ellen took a sharp right and they had to hurry to keep up.
"What do you mean he isn't coming back with us? That's home isn't it?" The pitch of Dean's voice was all wrong, it wasn't the strong gravely sound that Jack associated with the man. No this tone was higher, more desperate...  he can't loose anyone else or he will break... the thought immediately tumbles through his head and he recalls a conversation that he and Castiel had on the subject of Dean. "He feels things more fiercely than anyone I have ever known..." Could Jack do that? Could he leave Dean... like everyone else?
Though his eyes were closed tightly and the only thing leaking from them was tears, he could almost clearly see each and every painful expression Cas had ever worn in his presence. So many things hit him all at once as he just tried to breathe through it and release some of the tension, but there was just so much. Interposed with all of it was that watery smile, that
"True," she conceded with a nod, "but Castiel was not built for siphoning power... and I am. Every supernatural being that has died in this timeline? I have gotten their power. You name them, I have their power right now because I haven't put it into anything else yet. I have work to do up in heaven to bring back the balance, but I am holding the equivalent of a few nuclear bombs worth of power... you do realize that right?"  Turing to set the full weight of her gaze on Dean she let Sam just stare at her with a curious expression. "Every angel, Demon, or other supernatural creature that has died in this version of reality had power... and now I have it. This is not counting the universes that my double has traversed while I have been stuck in stone."
"Yes, I have a few actually, it depends on if the Empty. Its always good to have options." It took a second but she pulled a slim looking journal from the inside of her leather jacket and opened it to a strange looking symbol. "If we use a bit of my blood and paint this symbol on the wall we should be able to open up the correct portal to get us as close to Castiel as possible in the empty." Handing the journal over to Dean she leaned a hip against the table, "from what i know the empty is
. So he uses it to pick himself up off the floor and straighten out the soft blankets, ignoring the wet spots of his tears, but just making it look like he never touched it. Castiel deserved more than the mess that was Dean Winchester, and Dean knew that, he really did. It was part of the reason that he filled this room with softness and things he thought Cas would love because that is what he deserved Angel or Human. There was a strange hope that sat somewhere in the crumbling recesses of his sore heart that warmed a little at the thought of Dean being able to show Cas that he deserved better, but with the way the Winchester luck went, it was a hard thing to feed into.
"Oh, that one is easy.  I am a Winchester." Elle gave a half smile that was reminiscent of some of the half smiles that Jack had seen the brother's give. "Shocking I know," addressing the disbelieving stares of the Winchester brothers she swallowed and spoke again. "Seeing as how I am in familial company I figure its the best time to drop the bomb. I am a child of free will... of sorts anyway. I was created through a series of events that God couldn't really have accounted for when he created his grand design." This was said with an accompanying eye roll that almost rivaled Dean's.
Sam looked at his brother who was watching Elle with narrowed eyes and a rigid stance, "how can you do that?" Asking the questions now was going to clear the air quick. So it was better to just get that out of the way.
. Jack was the only thing that mattered.
Trying to coach himself through the storm that he was riding wasn't really working out for him but it was better than the alternative. Thinking about what would happen if this little plan didn't work. Forget the fact that this girl...
"Why did you have to go and do it like that, why'd you... why'd you gotta throw that on me huh Cas?" The words tumbled out of his throat in choking gasps. "You just dump that on me and just
Though the hug only lasted a few moments, it seemed like longer, Elle pulled back with a smile and Sam cleared his throat. "So? Did it work out?" Jack could tell he wasn't asking because he doubted what Jack could do, he was just concerned because Jack had been worried before. Instead of answering verbally, Jack just smiled and nodded.
Reaching inside her jacket she pulled a metal flask out and took a small sip of whatever was inside as the others in the room tried to make sense of the situation. "You were the reason he knew to hit that place." Dean spoke eventually and watched as she nodded and slipped the flask back inside her coat. "Did you know I was there at that compound?" For a moment Sam looked confused and tried to search his brain for a mention of whatever the hell these two were talking about when it hit him. Once, Dean had told him about how Zachariah had tossed him into the future to see what would happen if Dean didn't say yes to Michael all those years ago. 2014 seemed to be the right year from what he remembered, but still how did Elle know about it?
Jack lets the thought wash through him and he knew that Castiel would tell him to trust in his gut, and always do what he feels is right, so he leans forward and brushes his fingers across the cold surface of the door. As his fingers make contact, the door seems to shatter into pieces and the overwhelming cold that the door was holding back flows out in an ooze of fog.
Sam, it seems had followed their voices too, and he returned to the library with two beers and two root beer's. The kids got the root beer obviously and he handed Dean a beer, "What kind of obstacles?"
Jack deserved to have his father, unlike how Dean and Sam had grown up, he deserved to know that he was loved and cared for, that there was someone who was going to protect him no matter what, that he was
The elder Winchesters looked at each other and then over to Elle with a mix of concern, curiosity, fear, and awe. "How are you a Winchester?" Sam spoke up, trying to start the conversation. "I know that we haven't exactly traced our family tree back, but there are no other Winchesters that we even know about." Which is true, they know about what happened to Henry Winchester, and how that series of events left John an only child. "Are you our sister then? Another child that dear old Dad hid from us?"
After the rage was the drop in self worth.
Gabriel watched with glee as Adler stormed away and the Winchesters found themselves inside the castle.
There was also Elle... but that was an entire other set of baggage that he just wasn't sure that he could tackle in this life time let alone today. When Cas had said that both he and Dean shared a profound bond he wasn't sure what that meant, but apparently now it meant that they shared a kid... or well two really. Jack may not have been biologically his or Castiel's but that didn't mean that Jack wasn't Castiel's kid. Elle was
"Castle courtyard, as always. We've a few new faces that he wanted to introduce you both to, and a few new knights. Wanted your opinions on some rumors that he had heard recently... anything more than that I wouldn't know. The Lord's been a bit quiet with all the strange things happening." Alfie shrugged and collected the reins to draw them through the city and over to what could only be called a castle, chattering the entire time.
Instead of answering he looks over to Jack as they have some sort of unspoken conversation. The feel of the room changes to a cold dis-trustfulness so rapidly that Elle shivers and unconsciously steps closer to Jack. "Dean... I don't think Jack is coming back with us."
Sorry this one took me longer to get out than the others, I decided I should probably get me a beta and they were SUPER helpful and able to fix some of my run on sentence madness. So hopefully The rest of the chapters will come out in a more cohesive and timely fashion. Also if you haven't re-read through there are some minor changes in the previous chapters. Nothing outrageous or plot changing, but some tweaking. <3 as always, love to Phoenix my very patient Beta.
Using Naomi like that was a bit of a kick in the pants, but it made for a better story and he is all about that right now. In her "life", she died thanks to Metatron, but here... comeuppance would be a little sweeter, he hoped. Just because Gabriel decided that he didn't want to be involved in celestial politics didn't mean that he condoned what the witch was doing. None of his brothers or sisters deserved to be factory reset like they were machines. They were creations; heck, they could be considered people... ya know, if you squinted and tilted your head a little. They were the precursors to humans after all, and God wanted them to love and protect the humans. But when the Angels actually did that, they were purged like a computer that caught a weird virus? No one deserved that, not really.... Gabriel considers it for a moment longer and rifles through what's left of Castiel's mind. Ah! There's the memory block. If he just... twists right... there. That should do it — every memory Cas lost during his reset. Things were about to get interesting. Now the question is, how best to utilize this new chaos device… the options.
, they raised him after all, but he can’t, he has duties, he has to keep the world running and he doesn’t want to run away like Chuck did, not even for a day, he wants to keep the peace, besides he was going to meet them very soon, considering he bent time here and so it worked differently, if not earth, he’ll have plenty of time with them in heaven. Everything was how it’s meant to be.
Almost as if Jack read Sam’s mind, he says. “Don’t worry, Eileen will be here
truly needed. All I knew is that I had to protect the people I love. I never questioned myself ‘what if I could have one good thing
Miracle lived with Sam and Eileen as well. He would try to comfort Sam when he cried for Dean, whining and licking his face. Miracle grieved Dean too. There were times where he would sit in front of Sam’s bed’s side table, where there is a picture frame of Sam, Dean, Castiel and Jack next to the Impala. He would stare at the frame wagging his tail, because he found it comforting.
Castiel was so now anxious, this was the moment, right?
something is missing. The sad part is he still hasn’t found the courage to tell Jack about, well,
After pulling away, Dean puts his hand on the side of Sam’s neck. “My little brother. How are you?” He asks with a proud smile on his face.
Dean nods as he gets down. He walks towards the edge and rests his elbows against the railings, while looking around, taking in the beautiful landscape. He suddenly hears footsteps. He smiles to himself, before turning around.
“Wow…” Dean says. “That’s great, that’s just- wow. How did you come up with that?”
No. How could he be so stupid? How could he die on a regular hunt? The man defeated God himself. This fucking idiot. He feels horrible.
Castiel numbly nods.
After letting Castiel go, Jack stares into his piercing blue puppy eyes which makes the already devastating news even harder to share. “Jack, please say something.”
With a confused sort of look Dean looked at her bag and the car keys before pushing between Sam and Jack to make his way out of the alley way and over to the Impala. "There you are Baby." Dean gave the roof an affectionate pat before opening the driver's door and sliding onto the familiar leather seat. "Well, get in so we can head back home and try out this plan of yours." Without waiting for them to get in Dean starts the car. As it rumbles to life Sam takes the passenger seat and Jack holds open the door for Elle to sit down in the back, but she scoots all the way across so he needn't walk around. As the sounds of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song" fills the silence, Dean turns the Impala towards home with thoughts of a new and hopefully brighter future.
It was obvious there was something there.
I... I can't do this." Dean's knuckles ached as he tried to unclench his hands and then wipe at his soaking face. "This plan better fucking work, and you better get your feathery ass back here because... if you don't...." Sitting back on his heels he let the words just sort of trail off and hang in the air.
Once all their gear was gathered, Jack touched each of them on the shoulder just a moment before he shifts them all to the location where he can feel the pull of this person they need to save. There is a moment where Jack feels like he has hit a wall and stops, pulling them back by a few hundred feet and touches down. Flying with other beings is much different with all this power. Looming in front of them is a large warehouse like structure that looks mostly worn down and abandoned. At one time the place might have been white, but now it was a dingy almost tan color with busted out windows and missing strips of metal from the roof. "I can't move us forward any closer with my power... I think we are going to have to walk from here." The brothers nodded and shifted into hunter mode, eyes ever vigilant and scanning their surroundings looking for threats.
. A bright blue thread twined in gold and silver led from Dean into nothingness... seemingly stopping.
"To God Castiel coming back was the work of his angels to keep things running in the grand design, but he was so out of touch with heaven that he never checked. The angels all assumed that God brought him back for a reason.... so no one ever got corrected." Elle shrugged and seemed to fold in on herself a bit rubbing her own arms with her hands, "My double... It saw your whole journey and all the strange twists and turns it could have made, all the strange alternates... or well most of them. Not all... there are a lot of wave lengths that I couldn't reach due to the stone."
Zachariah had the decency to at least flush and sputter before Bobby grabbed the parchment out of his hands and read it over, his eyes quickly glancing up and over both boys. When he finished reading it, he handed the paper to Dean. "Dean, do you know where his boy is?"
"Dean... Jack uh- Jack took Elle around to see some of the things we have here. I asked Jack to give us a few minutes to talk." There was a pinched sort of look on Sam's face which always boded trouble for Dean, but he supposed it was only fair really. When as the last time he was really honest with his feelings to Sam? He deserved better than that,
Dean flipped the page and saw some Enochian symbols and handed it over to Sam, who was much better with the language than he was. "I wasn't sure where you would rather be Dean, but I assume that it is going in with me." The only thing she got in reply was a grunt but she nodded and continued. "Alright then, that's the main part of the plan. Open the portal and Dean and I head in, you keep things clear and open on this side. Any changes that need to be made will be done inside the empty, that's where all the choices are, entirely too many variables. Our goal is to go in with us two and come back together as a unit of three. No life for a life exchanges, we go in and we come out with Castiel." Both Jack and Sam nod but Dean stiffens noticing that no one is looking at him really. "We have some time, the best would be around one AM, the witching hour, plus it will annoy the empty the most. Can you show me the room so we can get things set up?"
It was a dismissal if the Winchesters ever saw one so they turned tail and headed back into the keep. Dean let his feet do the walking as he was caught up inside his head and Sam followed with Bobby shouting orders in the background. "So... you gonna talk about it?" Sam finally asked as they approached what looked like a study of some kind. Dean stopped in the middle of the room in front of a large fireplace and turned to look at his brother. There was something off about the look he had on his face so Sam closed the door behind them and sat in one of the large, comfortable looking chairs. "Dean?"
Just a few more moments of slightly harsh breathing and introspection, followed by halfhearted attempts to clear his throat and one slightly slammed door later, Dean reappeared in the War Room, looking for the rest of the motley crew. Sam was standing there at the edge of the table with his hands on the table and leaning over seemingly giving himself a pep talk. "Sam?" His brother's name was a bit more gruff sounding than normal, but all things considered? That was normal.
he was doing it, he couldn't know about the guilt and the hurt, because then he would want to have a heart to heart. There would be all those pesky feelings involved that Dean just hated, and he couldn't
"Change...? What did you change Elle?" It seemed that Sam was the one who was going to ask the majority of the questions now, which was just fine with everyone else. Jack had a million and one things he wanted to ask, but it seemed that Sam had more important things at the moment, and Dean... well Dean looked fragile in a way Jack had never seen before.
issue that he had to handle. For a moment after it happened he was hit with grief so hard that he just stopped functioning. His phone was blowing up, but he didn't have the wherewithal to even reach for the thing and deal with the nonsense that  might be happening on the line. All he could do is just breathe and halfheartedly whimper. Growing up as a Winchester, no as
There was a broken sort of scoff that left Dean's throat, "Yeah?" The word tumbled out broken and clogged with emotion, so much so that it looked as if tears were gathering in Dean's eyes. He was reliving that moment over again, "Billie was after me and he summoned the empty... he was swallowed by it... how- how would that not worry me?" Elle looked hard at Dean, almost as if she was looking through him and she touched briefly the moment Dean was reliving in his mind. Seeing the scene from every angle... she heard the words and could feel Dean's heart break as Cas was just gone...
"Yeah, come in its the dungeon." Sam gave Dean a strange look as he flipped through the Enochian spell, but Dean ignored him to take Elle through the bunker and into the Dungeon with Jack following close behind. There was plenty to do before the journey so, hopefully Sam was going to keep himself busy and not try and talk all this out before the rescue mission went off, Dean couldn't take that on top of everything else.
A small tremor went through her body as Jack was about to ask another question and her hands began to glow a soft almost lavender color. The thrum of power in the air multiplied rapidly, almost like they were stuck in some sort of vacuum. The immense cold that permeated the air was sucked in with the power, directly into her hands as they lay open on the ground until everything was silent and calm. They were just in a building lost to time instead of in some creepy demonic warehouse. Rapid change like that was startling, just like the sight of bright hazel eyes opening and looking up at Jack from his lap. All at once Jack felt a sense of calm so he took a deep breath and almost let the room fall away from him as he was caught in the gaze. Hearing Dean and Sam continue to converse as though nothing was happening right in front of them was an odd feeling but he couldn't be bothered.
"There you boys are, we were getting worried about you!" Ellen’s rich voice cut through the boy's musings as they turned and looked to find the source. She stood on top of a set of stone stairs wearing a dress of heather grey and moss green. Dean struggled to recall whether he’d ever seen Ellen — their Ellen — in a dress. With a wide smile, she descended the stairs as the boys dismounted and Alfie held the reins for the horses. "You are never late for your meetings.... though it looks like you both fell off your horses. What happened?"
Sam and Dean find quite a few familiar faces as they make their way to the castle and hopefully find Castiel.
nothing that he deserved... Castiel sacrificed himself for Dean, how... how could he
With an exaggerated eye roll she pats him on the cheek knowingly. "We know, Dean. We all want you to be happy, both of you, so you better pull your head out of your ass." After a breath and another soft pat on Dean's shoulder, Ellen turns to Sam and gives him a squeeze too. "A letter came for you today. It looked weighty but the footman said it wasn't urgent. I suppose you could handle that a little bit later. For now, we have got to get you out to the yard, come on." With that she turns on her heel like she expects the boys to follow as Alfie takes the horses over to the stables.
"Sam Winchester, all put back together again... good." The voice that left the woman was husky and deep, probably from disuse if the face she made was anything to go by. "I am glad Death stopped by when he did, my grasp on the cage was beginning to wane and I was unable to hold that concentration soon after you left." The words left her slowly as if she was tasting them or trying them out for the first time in a long time. After a few more breaths she moved her legs to sit a bit more comfortably. "How long has it been?" Giving her a bit of a smile Sam tells her its been about ten years give or take, to which she nods.
Something that sounded like choking left Elle's throat as she almost gagged. "No, absolutely not. I wish I could say I wasn't related to that particular Winchester but that's not my luck. While it is true that you couldn't trace me through normal means because I am by no means normal. I was created roughly 2008 or 2009 I can never quite remember."  This of course was enough of a flimsy statement to get the brothers to give Elle some strange looks. Both of them looked ready to argue so instead she sighed and continued, "I am a very interesting creation of a Demon and an Angel, coming together in a large surge of power." There was a pause here whether it was for dramatic effect or just to let the words sink in no one was quite sure, but she continued. "A piece of this Demon, who was not fully demon by the way, and a piece of the Angel fractured off and melded together creating me."
was gonna stop him this time. There was no Chuck around to fuck with his plans, and this time he was going to do what needed done to put things right. Jack deserved that, Sam deserved that, and Castiel deserved that and more.
Tilting his head a bit Dean thought about what she was saying, "this version? You have met others? Who are you?"
"I'm so... Cas-I ..." Dropping to his knees was really all he could do as the tears were just rolling from his face and he couldn't stop their fall if he wanted to. Once he was there, his face just fell into the bedding, soft and smelling lightly of disuse and musty bunker, but it didn't matter. The bedding helped to muffle the sound and it let him just
"Wait..."The odd, rather gruff sounding word was spoken and Elle turned to where Dean and Sam stood. Something had finally clicked inside Dean when hell was mentioned, again. "I.. I was the demon wasn't I?" There was a hard swallow and his face was slightly ashen, "and... Cas..."
do I know that, Sam?" Sinking into the other chair, Dean put a hand on the pouch where the parchment resided. "I don't know about this place, Sam. It's like that strange place with no magic but different. I know things that I shouldn't... Like I know you are in love with your uh- wife to be, but I don't know who she is or where she is from. I know that Cas and I used to sneak away all the time as kids and hang out in the forest until dark, and you would get so mad at being left out."
not with things the way that they are, not with how things ended.
Like that was going to be the only thing that would help him ease this strange ache.
There was a choking sound that left Dean's throat and Sam wanted to move closer to his brother, but he decided against that. It was Jack that finally answered, "Castiel is in the Empty. I can't bring him back this time... but I think you can." There was a moment or two where Elle looked back and forth between the two older brothers before looking at Jack. Almost assessing the situation as best as she could. "Who are you exactly? You said you were a type of Nephilim but your presence is much different than mine."
Bobby looked skyward as the man approached and the closer the man got, the more Dean tightened his fist behind his back. It was Zachariah, that douchey angel that dropped them into that strange world where they weren't brothers and they learned to fight together anyway.
as he left it, Cas had never seen anything in here, he had never known that he cared like this. Even when they got Cas back and he was here in the bunker for Jack, Dean never worked up the nerve to bring him in here and show him what he did.
When they rounded the corner, they saw a large yard filled with people of all kinds in various states of armor practicing different things. Standing in front of them up on a slight stone platform was a man in what looked like a moss-colored cape with his back to them. Ellen waved them to continue on without her as she walked along the edge of the courtyard. The boys headed over to the man. Even though they’d begin to suspect what was coming, when Bobby Singer turned around and gave them a grin, it was still a strange experience.
Dean frowned and leaned against the jamb, Sam never talked about his time in the cage... the first time. Just thinking about it made Dean vaguely nauseous knowing that he spent a whole year with Lisa and Ben while Sam's soul was stuck in the cage and some soul-less version of his brother was out there hunting. There were a lot of things about that time that just
"Now is not the time... fall apart later." With the last grumble to himself he let go of the wheel, rubbed at his face, and stepped out of the car. Sam was sorting through things in the trunk so that is where he headed, grabbing his 1911 and tucking it into his waist, a silvered knife in his boot, and shoving a few odds and ends into his duffle not knowing what was coming he waited near Jack for Sam to situate himself.
The other thing that was glaringly obvious when their skin touched, she was a Nephilim, like him, though she had a lot of power behind her almost like she was an archangel and a Nephilim at the same time... and maybe something else. Something slightly darker lingered in with the power too that gave him pause. Deciding that he could look into
The moment it was made played over in his mind, the feeling of Castiel gripping him tightly on the arm before tossing him aside... with a harsh swallow he hung the shirt on the back of his door knob and proceeded to tuck away the clean clothes and pull out something a bit fresher. What he needed was a damn shower, maybe some time in the stark hot water would give him some clarity. A soft towel over one shoulder and a bunch of clothes in his hand he shot off a text to Sam just to let him know he needed some time and that he was going to grab a shower before the "show started" and headed off to the bunker showers. This was one of Deans favorite things because the pressure was just... perfect. Scrolling through his phone he tossed on a playlist he threw together to drown out any thoughts that might come at him and started the water. Going through the motions of getting clean and feeling slightly human were just another step in the process for Dean. Something that needed to be done in order to do the next step, and he didn't dwell... or at least he didn't try to dwell on anything as he stood under the hot and steady stream. There was too much that he needed to do, so the shower had to be brief, even if he wanted to luxuriate in the feeling. It wasn't as if he was planning on sacrificing himself knowing that there might not be another one of these showers for him in the future, he was just keeping his eyes open to the whole situation.
Taking just another moment or two to look around the room and make sure that everything was back in the place that Dean had left it before he grabbed his duffel at the end of the bed and headed back into the hall and over to his own room. With a methodical precision Dean emptied his duffel into piles as he sorted the mess that it had become. Dirty clothes were tossed in the area of the clothes hamper that he had in his room and then he carefully refolded the clean (or sort of clean) ones and set them to the side. Next was weapon maintenance, which he went through like a robot, letting that anger at himself build and build so that he could pretend to be himself again. It was about time to clean his 1911, maybe he would do that later when he couldn't sleep. Instead of hanging her on the wall with the rest of his weaponry, he set her on his nightstand so that he would remember that is what he wanted to do. Each of the others had been cleaned and double checked earlier in the day, so they went to their respective homes and the ammo was next. Though they lived in a bunker that had a weapons room, he still kept a large stock pile of the ammo where he could easily access it. When it came time to tuck the duffel away and put all the clothes in their homes Dean paused and took a harsh breath as he took off his top layer and saw the hand print for himself.
He won't go out looking to get dead, he just... won't care any more. There would be nothing keeping him sharp or on track, he would just let it happen.
"When Cas and Crowley working together to open purgatory, and the fates were on our asses? That's when this thing was put here?" Dean looked around the room for more clues, and even examined the stone a bit more carefully. There was very little about that time that made Dean comfortable, and knowing that this stone has been here since then makes something dark come to life in his gut.
"Jack!" Dean's voice cracked a little as he came over to him, his eyes wandering looking for any wounds or strain of any kind. There at the edge of his vision he sees that silver thread again but this time it seemed to travel through Dean...
As the steam rose off his skin and the water was turned off he dried and dressed. The outfit just like so many in the Winchester wardrobe, but it was his armor at this moment in time. Something familiar that gave him strength that he was going to need to get through the next few hours, days, however long until he rescued Cas. There was no other option for him, he had to rescue him, it didn't matter what happened to insignificant Dean Winchester, but he needed to rescue Castiel. That was the only thought that hung about his neck like his talisman used to, the only tether that he had right now, that and his anger was going to propel him forward into the empty and pull that son of a bitch back whether he liked it or not. There was too much here that Castiel needed to do, to experience, that Dean wasn't going to let him off the hook that early. So what if what Elle had planed didn't work, they would find something else. They would get the angel back, and that was that.
Feeling very uncomfortable with the conversation all of a sudden Jack makes himself known again, "Why were you locked in that slab? And what was that goop?" This whole people thing is not his strong suit and it seemed even worse now in present company. Something about this Elle made it very hard to speak when she was looking directly at him, like when her head was in his lap. Perhaps it was the eyes that just seemed to stare right through him or perhaps it was just the thread that he could see... and the fact that it seemed to be growing?
Sam heads back to the castle to see if he can find a cure and Dean begins to learn some things about himself.
Sam looked over at Dean who was just sort of staring at Ellen. "We uh.... stopped for a break and lost track of time is all." Ellen looked over Sam quickly and then Dean, whom she finally reached and pulled in for a hug.
"The whole world is in trouble after the things that Chuck has done, and hasn't done. What makes this one person special?" There is a strange fire in Dean's tone, and Jack knows why it is there.
he didn't deserve to be here where Castiel wasn't because Castiel was just so much
That mocking inner voice was back putting words to all those nasty thoughts that he never wanted to see the light of day. Hell there are some things that you just can't come back from and sometimes those thoughts were like that. Dean had been a vampire, a demon, an archangel... but that inner voice was just him putting weight to those insecurities. "I don't wanna be this broken, I don't... but I can't Cas, not anymore. Not after all this... crap with Chuck and all the people we lost... I lost. Cas.... you just
When the thought crossed his mind his breath caught in his throat and he had to rapidly clear it to even focus.
Elle gave Dean a barely discernible nod, "yes. You said yes to Alistair, and when you did you began to take on the demonic façade that tarnishes souls in hell. Thus breaking the first seal, so the Angels attacked hell to get you back. Castiel was considered a flawed angel by heaven and was never actually meant to be the one to rescue you, because Castiel had doubted before." Something uncomfortable passed on both Dean and Elle's face but she continued, "he was meant to be fodder, one to fall in the battle in hell." There was a pause here as the words sank in. "His garrison came to get you out, which is true, but Uriel and the others had already had their doubts in him. He was a fierce warrior though, and a great tactician when it counted so he was able to slip through first and find you."
After a few deep breaths Dean did as he always did, shoved his feelings down hard and bottled them up. Clearing his throat he leaned his head back and clenched and unclenched his jaw a few times trying to work up to releasing the wheel from his grip. Dean had to trust the kid, he knew that. With all that power locked into his scrawny frame, Dean knew that it was going to take more than some deep breaths to get his ass in gear and trust in this new power that Jack had.
Perhaps it was some form of embarrassment mixed with shame... he went out and did all this for Cas when he never even did anything like this for his own brother who was his responsibility. Sam would never hold that against Dean, especially knowing that they grew up without having money or a place to call their own. Dean had subtly tried to assauge the guild he had when he could picking up little things for Sam too, but those had to be few and far between because Sam
Quickly covering their mouths incase the fog could do any damage they wait a moment to let things settle before taking a look in the room, flashlights in hand. A black stone, almost six foot tall stands at the center covered in what appears to be sigils or runes made of blood. They are both similar and different to the ones seen previously and seem to be written in various different languages. Dean steps into the room first, gun drawn and checking the corners as Jack walks up to the stone to try and read what it says. "These I recognize," Sam points out a few here and there as he steps up behind Jack. "Grounding and locking, whatever is inside the demons didn't want it getting out." It was fairly obvious but still he looked around the room at the paper debris, "whatever this is, its been here a while judging by the newspapers strewn around..." Bending down to sort through some of them he makes a disbelieving sound in the back of his throat, "some of these go back to 2011."
With Chuck now mortal, and more power than he knows what to do with, how will Jack and the Winchesters figure out their next steps? By following the Silver Thread of course.
The smarmy tone got under Dean's skin and he rolled his shoulders in displeasure. Sam was doing no better, but at least he was watching Bobby's face to see what the man thought. It was rather difficult to navigate this place when he wasn't quite sure how things worked.
"Alright," the gruff and cracked sound of Dean's voice grates on Jack as they all pile into the Impala and head back into town. Jack can zap them where they need to go, but Dean would never leave Baby near Chuck after what Chuck had done. Pulling into the vacant town after a little bit of a drive, Dean swings Baby into a parking spot and shuts off the engine, gripping the wheel tight and releasing it a few times. Seeing Chuck again after he had turned down Dean and Sam's little cease fire arrangement was... difficult for Dean. The whole point of this whole charade was to stop Chuck and put the world back to rights, and nothing was okay right now. Gripping the wheel one more time Dean pressed his head against his hands and closed his eyes. He heard more than saw Sam and Jack exit the Impala and head around to the trunk, but he was focused on his thoughts. Making Jack do this, making him take all that responsibility on himself made something break inside Dean. It was like looking at a mirror, Jack had too much responsibility thrust on him so young, and it was all because of them...
Swallowing Elle took a moment to think about it, "it seems like the only plausible way to keep him out of the empty for good. No empty, no deal." Again she shrugged but this time she turned to look more fully at Sam, and there was a smirk on her face. "The empty is just made up of darkened Grace and traces of Demonic essence. Its something I can control and siphon. What I am proposing is not something out of the realm of possibilities here." Which as far as statements go was fact. Elle had already spoken to the fact that she could do what she was saying she could do.
"One of my... children have gone missing and I know they had something to do with it. The runaway left a note, after all." Brandishing a piece of parchment he flicked it around. "Says he was going to run away to be happy, as if we hadn't given him everything he required. Was intended for someone else who already paid for his hand, by the way, and now he is gone."
to the people that loved him. All the safety and security in the world is what Jack deserved because that is what children deserved and Dean just knew that Castiel would always provide that for him. It was Jack's life that Castiel had traded his own happiness for in the end anyway, even if he used that deal to save Dean
Intellectually Dean knew that it wasn't his intention to just blurt out the feelings portion of the evening and then die, but he knew what was going to happen if he confessed right? It was like the stages of grief all hit Dean with in a matter of a few hours.
so there is no point in dwelling on them. The only thing keeping him even remotely hinged right now is the fact that they have a way to get Castiel back.
This door looked like it was  almost iced over, its once silver appearance now covered in a thin layer of white and the occasional sigils drawn in what looked like blood. "Dormant is the reincarnation of Eiael?" Translating loosely the archaic symbols he looks to Sam to see if its a name that he recognizes. "Do we know who Eiael is?" Both Dean and Sam shake their heads no. Unsure of himself he shifts his weight from one foot to the other, what he needs to find is on the other side of this door. This Eiael could be some new big bad that they need to fight, or it could be the name of the person who can help them...
Looking down at the kid, Dean had a vague memory. This was that kid Cas had them try to rescue, that Angel... what was his name... "Alfie?" The kid blinked and blushed with a shake of his slightly shaggy hair. There was a vague recollection of Cas calling him something else though, and he only went by Alfie because that was what was on the nametag his vessel had on or something.  "No wait... uh.. Samandriel? Right? Sorry... it's uh — been a long day." The kid seemed to take that a lot better once he’d explained himself a touch. "Where can we find uh — Lord Singer?"
"One of the reasons I was locked in stone was to try and stop one of my more powerful abilities, siphoning. When a demon dies their essence has to go somewhere and usually it goes to hell and is collected by the ruler to be 'redistributed'... but if I am around it goes to me instead and I hold the power." Turning to Sam she speaks clearly and slowly, "but that's not all I can do with it... I'm not just a collecting vat of demonic power. I can collect grace too, and even purify demonic essence..." When it didn't look like that made any sense to the collective group she continued, "I have the gift of creating angels or demons if I choose to with a thought, and a thread of the power I have collected. Hell didn't want me to use the power to create more angels... and when the archangels went down their power was funneled directly into me." Here she paused and took a breath, "If there is power around and I want to pull it, I can.... its why I was able to shield you and Adam for a time in the cage. I pulled some of Lucifer and Michael's power. Not enough to make them notice, but enough to keep you some semblance of safe. Once you were pulled out though it was harder to pull and not have them notice."
"It depends on who goes in. Jack can't go in, I wouldn't want the empty to try and take any more power than it already has, sorry Jack." There was a soft smile given to Jack but he just had his head hung a little. Dean knew that Jack really wanted to help get Cas back. "You won't be unhelpful though, I will need your help on this side anyway to keep the portal open for when we come back through. I will leave you with a bit of my blood to make sure that the symbol stays correct, but you would be the best option to touch the blood, no offense Sam, I just don't know what it might do to someone who is fully human." Sam frowns but nods looking over to his brother, "and there are a few spells you can keep in your back pocket should the empty try to retaliate on this side. Those are on the next page of my journal there."
Well he wasn't wrong, it probably would get him killed, which
Only the slightly awkward shuffle of his brother's feet behind him helped to slow his breathing. This... this grief would take him over f he let it and he couldn't, there was too much to do. What he needed more than anything was to be able to focus on something, because if he didn't focus
The internal conflict must have shown more on his face than he realized because he felt a palm slide against his own as Elle gripped his hand. "Let's solve one problem at a time? We need to get Castiel back, yes?" Elle looked over at Dean, she was trying to do what she could to diffuse the situation. Everyone in the room knew it, and though she may not have been privy to the thoughts tumbling around in Jack's head, she offered him support that he didn't realize he had needed. "Lets focus on that first. You said that he was in the Empty?"
him to stay. Of course in the end he was manipulated yet again by an angel and he had kicked a very human Cas to the curb... and well didn't that end up well for all parties involved? Before he could even really think about it he had opened the door and looked inside. It was just the same way that Dean had left it, and he was never sure if Castiel had even stepped foot in the damn room.
Sharp hazel eyes flickered back over to Jack as she turned to answer the question. "I was locked away in hopes that my abilities would stop interfering in the power imbalance between heaven and hell."
he clenched and released a fist. "Sam..." damn did he sound tired, "just... let it go. I'm fine. We are back here in the bunker, and we have a job to do. Let's just focus on that and stow the chick flick crap for later okay?"  With that he made a tactical retreat to his own room where he stowed some of his bullshit, unlike the emotional ones in his head there was space in here for his things.
The thought hit him so suddenly and he immediately felt sick. Elle was supposedly his daughter and she grew up that way, but worse; Alone in hell... and now Jack?
Why that thought in particular was so terrifying he didn't want to touch right that second, but he couldn't help but notice the strange sense of wonder on Jacks face as he looked almost everywhere but her eyes.
"Gabriel taught me a lot, and he is the one who gave me my name based on my power... the Angel of the Supernatural apparently, but Elle is much easier to say." Another shrug, "look I know it sounds crazy but it might just be the best option we have. If it makes you feel better, once I syphon it, I will put the power in a talisman and store it in case we need it later." The look she gets off of both of the Winchester brothers makes her laugh but she just looks around the room. "I suppose we should get this show on the road then, and get to work on getting Castiel back on this side of things. I am not sure where I need to go, so I am going to need your direction."
The thought seemed to sober him a little as he swallowed and tried to flex some of the now more uncomfortable muscles of his body.
"Yes... Castiel told me that he made a deal to get me back, but that he would go to the empty because of it." When Elle turned to Jack her eyes searched his face and she squeezed his hand slightly to prompt him to continue. "I believe that he felt that going there was a long way off and that he had time... He didn't want to tell Dean or Sam because he didn't want to worry them."
"Do you know what has happened then? With Chuck?" Jack stepped closer to her his shoulder almost touching her back and stopped... Castiel had told him that some people had personal space issues and that he should be aware of that, but something about Elle made him want to be closer. When she didn't really turn to look at him and just shook her head no he continued, "every living creature except us is gone."
"We need to open it." Jack stated softly as he watched the brothers pace around and look for clues. They might have been in their element "case" wise, but Jack felt something different. The power he wielded was being called to this place, to this thing inside the stone. Like what he had was only a piece of the larger whole and whoever was inside held the other half of the power, and he wasn't really sure how he felt about that. The person in the stone was important to him and just knowing that they were locked away felt like something heavy was dropped on his chest and being held there, like he couldn't breathe. The combination of sensations was making it hard to focus yet again. The pull to get them out was intense, and all he wanted to do was touch the stone.
“Well, it has been three weeks since our first kiss.”
His head was empty and his body full of pain. Everything ached. He had the deep desire to rip is chest off, to scratch himself until he would bleed. But he didn’t. He counted in his head, up to a hundred, then two, then three, then four, until he calmed down enough to move to his bed. He buried himself under his blanket and slept it off.
He was stuck in a situation he hated, and there was simply nothing he could really do about it. He dreamt of leaving, finding a job and going away. It wouldn’t be easy, that’s for sure. But at least he could get started on his physical transition. Maybe he could even find a place where people were supportive, or at least just not jerks. He would settle for basic respect, basic human decency.
“But-”
“You what?!” Dean turned around so fast his brother tumbled to the floor.
After reading Sam a story and putting him to bed, Dean went in his bedroom and lied down on his bed. He was exhausted, but he couldn’t fall sleep. So he stared at the ceiling. The house was completely still and he could hear his heart pounding in his ribcage, the blood coming back and forth to his temples. He felt nervous and there was fear inside him that wouldn’t go away. Fear of the future, fear of the unknown. He closed his eyes for a second and fall into the black hole of dreamless sleep.
The principal looked at him expectantly. Dean wanted to throw the pencil pot at him. But he stayed stoic and nodded.
The Nowaks were leaving in the late morning. Dean showed up a little before ten after his father had gone to work, and after walking with Sammy to the library before heading there.
“I don’t think I’ll ever get over the fact that your bedroom is such a nerd bedroom. I mean, I like it, but dude, so many books.”
“I still believe it’s torture.”
He had stopped going years ago. It had always been a nightmare. Navigating around changing rooms was hard enough, but the humiliation of being singled out by the teacher, who usually had no idea of what to do with him, was worse. Most of the time, they tried to force him to go on the girls’ side. That’s usually where the bullying started.
“Thank you ma’am.”
Dean felt a pang of remorse. He turned away and doodled on a blank page of paper until the end of the class. It was a page Castiel had given him, and it somehow made it worse. A single tear fell on it, smudging the ink drawing he had made of an angel holding a heart in his hands.
Silence.
There was also a couple of lesser known Van Gogh reproductions, three overflowing bookshelves and piles of books randomly stacked everywhere (‘Who has so many books?’ Dean had asked, ‘Wait until you see the living room’ Castiel had answered him).
Dean intertwined his fingers and fidgeted with his thumbs. His brow was frowned and his eyes seemed to be looking far away.
He took his bag and walked to the door. He heard whispers on his way. “Wait,
“I always fuckin’ bang my knees beneath them. They’re out to get me, and I know it.”
“Why not?”
“You should go to bed, you have class tomorrow.”
And after that stressful discussion, he had had his first ‘official’ date with Castiel.
Castiel jogged up to him. Dean sprinted, but had to slow down rather fast. His breathing was ragged.
“You silly. I would do it for free, as a friend. And you could come to my place. I’m pretty sure my mom would actually be de-ligh-ted. She always says I should bring my friends home. At what time do you need to be back home?”
“We are here to help you. We do not mean you harm.” Dude number two said while still holding him firmly.
“Wow...what else is new here?” Sam smiles.
“Cas, listen to me, and you listen to me clearly.”
tired of being afraid of everything, and they realise, it’s probably been more than 20 years on earth. Jack tells them Sam is at peace right now, enjoying his life with Eileen. He thinks that if Castiel goes and meets him right now, he’ll be reminded of the pain of losing Castiel and he’ll be upset that it took him so long to meet him. It’s already too late, why disturb Sam’s peace now? He’ll do it when he’s here. They’ve got plenty of time and this is the place to start over.
“It was an accident Cas, accidents happen and they’re tragic...and he’s not invincible, he never has been.”
Castiel gave him a sad smile. “You’ve lost so much, Dean. Everyone you’ve ever loved is here, I made sure of that. This is the heaven you deserve, even a chance to start over, do things you couldn’t do on earth.”
is such a polite young
Dean startled. Sam wad looking at him from behind the kitchen counter. He hadn’t heard him come. His hair was all over the place, and sleep was still imprinted on his face.
Dean blushed.
His classmates soon flooded the hallway again to enter the gymnasium. Dean followed them, his heart beating faster than ever.
He threw on basketball shorts and an ample black t-shirt with some band name on it, and a black hoodie on top which he hoped would conceal the dreaded bulge. There was no way he was going to change at school. No fucking way.
“Great!” Castiel seemed ecstatic. “I can’t wait!”
“Oh! So the boy can talk! Bless the Lord!” Castiel joked, with heavy sarcasm.
“So long? It’s not like we waited months.” Dean interjected.
“Well, I am. I mean, no, I’m not. I mean, yes. Oh, shut up Castiel.” He rolled his eyes at himself. “No, I’m not straight. Yes, I’m very much interested in you. Romantically that is. Not sexually.”
Dean was too astonished to think, and he answered mindlessly. “7pm.”
“Yeah, yeah, I am. I’m just setting it in my mind forever. You know, in case you never do it again.”
He came back with a heavy wrench and headed back to Dean and Sam’s room. Dean heard more violent crashing. He curled up, his pounding head in his hands and tears flooding his face.
“Dad is up?”
is doing so good, and
The results were undoubtedly starting to show. Though, most of his teachers didn’t care, and very few were like Mr. Singer – encouraging - some were real asses, and accused him of cheating, but had to withdraw their accusations. Dean had no idea why, and Castiel refused to talk, even if it was obvious he knew something about it. For once, he didn’t press, and decided to have faith in his lucky star.
“Come on. Scoot over. I’m not going to stand forever.” Dean didn’t say a word, but he obliged and made some room for Castiel to sit beside him. “I’ve actually been looking for you for ages. You know that you’re making me miss French fries. French fries! It’s a tragedy!”
“Sam?” He croaked.
Dean refused to answer. He could be quite stubborn.
“I didn’t want to wake you up.”
“But you didn’t. And you fuckin’ lied to me! And you thought I wouldn’t find out! But I did! Yes, I did! And I’ve had enough.”
“Oh my god. I hate you. And it’s going to snow now, since you used an actual agenda.”
He heard a lot of crashing and loud thuds. He didn’t dare to stand up to go and see what was happening. He retreated to a corner, his head was pounding. He had to warn Sammy not to come home. He got his phone out just as John reappeared. He immediately noticed it.
is a chick? Fuck me.” Giggles broke out.
Everything was trashed. His bed was broken, the desk was split in half, all his clothes were gone, and pretty much all of his possessions were destroyed, crushed to pieces.
“Kiss me?”
“It’s nice, but I can’t.”
“So it was Castiel.”
His father was there, and he welcomed Dean with a firm handshake and told them he would be out of their hair in a minute. He still had some last minute packing to do.
It hadn’t been the easiest thing he had done in his life. But it had gone okay. Mr. Singer had been able to see that Dean was serious about it, and he had given him great – but colorful – advice.
“’kay.”
John released Dean only to slap him. Dean stumbled. John seized him again and sent him flying full force against a wall. Dean winced in pain as his head hit the wooden panel.
Sam put his own bowl on the coffee table and joined him on the couch. He poked him in the ribs.
Sam stayed silent for some time.
“I won’t lie. It kind of sucked. But I have no will to lose you.”
Dude number two swiftly got a syringe out, jabbed Dean, and pocketed it back as if nothing had happened.
“No. I’ll get in trouble is all. Real trouble, I mean.”
Dean couldn’t face him. He wanted to talk but his throat was tight, and his mind was blank.
“No, you start.” Dean said.
“I-I’m here, actually.” His voice had suddenly decided to rise.
“Well, not serious, serious. It’s just… The principal is an ass. He is threatening to call Dad at the slightest mistake. He wants to force me to go to P.E. He says that if I don’t show up starting tomorrow, he will call my parents. And we know how that will end.”
“Okay. I can get behind that.”
“Yeah. He was pretty pissed.” He wanted to chuckle, to laugh it off, to reassure Sammy, but he couldn’t.
“Yes, I like you. I like you as in ‘my heart is doing somersaults when I see you’.” He paused. “You should know that I’m going to refrain from making a very snarky comment, but it’s not easy.”
Mondays. Dean had always had a love-hate relationship with Mondays. Mondays meant he had to go to school and see people. But it also meant getting out of the house, usually after a full day of his father being around.
Some angst, but it ends on a lighter note this time. I hope you'll enjoy it! I'm certainly enjoying writing it.
“Hence why you suddenly showed up in P.E.?”
“Dean Henry Winchester!” A voice shouted, visibly from nowhere. “I can see you. Those begonias will not fool me. And I’ll have you know that I am well aware that Henry is probably not your middle name, but I needed one.” It was Castiel. He appeared in front of him, though he couldn’t see his face. The sun was coming from behind the other boy, and it blinded Dean.
He dropped his head against the kitchen counter where he was eating his mandatory morning cereal bowl. He was in over his head.
“Yeah, just… no tongues involved, please.” He said, making a face. Dean chuckled.
“No. No!” Dean refused. “I’m not coming. I’m not!”
“We are here to help you.” Dude number two added.
“Well, I was worried you would laugh at me for bringing you one of my t-shirts, but it seems like you’re just like your cat, aren’t you?” He laughed.
“Shit, you’re right, Michael. But what is it, then?” Boy number two asked, with a shit eating grin.
“I’m not playing dumb. I’m not dumb.” His tone was suddenly serious. There was no hint of sarcasm or irony anymore. “People think I am. They think I’m oblivious, that I don’t notice anything. But I do. Only it is not the same things they themselves notice.” He sighed. “For example, I noticed right away that they got it all wrong about you. I wasn’t one hundred percent positive at first. Because people are complex, and you can’t draw definite conclusion by just looking at them once. But I could see it in the way you couldn’t help but open up a tiny little bit when I called you that silly nickname. Mr. Grumpy. I could see how you clamed up, just like a little clam, anytime someone else talked to you. I mean, you practically turned to stone anytime a teacher would call your name out. So, yes, I figured it out. But there wasn’t and there still isn’t any act.”
John, who was tired and didn’t want to have anything to do with his so-called daughter, went in the kitchen and did the only thing he could do since his wife’s death: getting drunk. Sammy was screaming too. He had been woken up by the noise and he was probably hungry. Slowly, Dean pulled himself together and got up to see Sammy, whipping away the tears from his eyes.
“Well, nothing. I had nothing to tell him, I didn’t even know where you were. Why is it so important?”
As he stepped into the hallway, Dean immediately noticed a couple of empty beer cans. His father had already started the drinking. His throat tightened.
Dean took it and made an attempt at opening it cleanly but his hands were shaky. He finally tore the paper, and inside of it was a scale model of a 1967 Chevrolet Impala in a clear box with a bracelet tied around it.
John was now so close Dean could smell the alcohol in his breath. He still couldn’t bring himself to talk.
They joined back the rest of their classmates, and when Dean went home that evening, he felt ever so lighter than he had in a long time.
Dean poured himself a glass of orange juice and a bowl of cereal, no milk. He thought milk and cereals was disgusting, he hated the squishy feeling of damp cereals. His brother relentlessly argued with him on that one. But Dean would not budge, milk didn’t belong in cereals.
Dean removed his shoes at the door. The house smelled of chocolate. Castiel’s mom appeared in the hall.
“Stop playing dumb, Mr. Smart!” Dean exploded.
“Are you gonna talk to me?”
What he really meant was ‘If
“What are you going to do?” Sam asked, almost whispering.
John stepped closer. “Oh you know, don’t you?”
“I-Not everything you say is making sense right now. But I think we should try it. You’ve been making efforts to keep up, and I don’t think it would be fair to let you down.”
“Well, have it your way. Five laps for everyone!” He shouted. “Then I want the boys on the left, girls on the right!”
Dean sat on a chair, his sweaty palms on his thighs. The principal cleared his throat.
He brushed his fingers against the bracelet. Tears were prickling in his eyes. He was going to see him again soon, but damn, he was going to miss him.
“Cut the crap.”
“Hey! My book! It’s all crumpled! I have to give it back to the library! Ms. Bradbury is not going to be happy about it.”
“Your father believe you need help, help he cannot give you, so we are here to help you instead. You will come with us and receive the help you need.” Dude number one added.
“Look who it is.” A boy laughed.
It went on like that for a few weeks. Until it started spiraling downwards again.
The sport teacher was a man his mid-thirties who looked like there was nothing he hated more than kids, especially
“Oh shit. I’m sorry.”
The other boys broke into a fit of laughter.
“Come on! Drop the act! I know you’ve figured it out. So why don’t you drop it.”
“It’s… Thank you.”
“Hm.”
“Yes, sir.” He answered through gritted teeth.
“I’m glad you like it.”
He felt empty. He didn’t have it in him to cry. He wanted everything to stop. He wanted to go back to when his mother was still alive. He wanted to have run away with Sam when he still had the chance. Sammy. What would happen to him? It was all his fault.
late. And it’s not like my schooling has been consistent anyway. I have excuses. I mean, real ones.”
Silence.
He barely ate anything for breakfast, and left for school. He was feeling sick, his stomach felt tight, his palms sweaty, and his heart was pounding.
After their mandatory five laps, everyone gathered on their respective side. Dean pushed it off as long as he could, but ultimately had to do something. He couldn’t stand in the middle indefinitely.
However, hints never stopped flooding all over his life. He couldn’t stand any more having his little brother, Sammy, calling him his ‘sis’ and ‘Deannaaa’. It wasn’t cute, it was bloody annoying and wrong. Since his mother died, there was no one to tell him he was her good little boy and there was no one to limit the damage. She died when Sammy was six months old in an unfortunate accident. And after the event, he became more and more taciturn, as if his world had fallen into darkness.
He knew that after that day, there would be no denying the truth. There could be no more pretending with Castiel. And for the first time in his life, Dean felt the fear of losing a friend he cared about. He had truly believed in their burgeoning friendship. And now he was going to lose it all. It was simply more than he could take.
That night, all alone and with something broken inside him, he made a promise to Sam and, bending over his tiny bed, he whispered: “We are on our own now Sammy, but I swear to you I will always take care of you, always.”. The deal was sealed. He then managed to get Sammy out of his bed and carefully went to the kitchen to find something they could eat. Their father was now asleep on the couch, in the dark, empty beer bottles all over the floor. Somehow, they did it without waking him up.
No, if he left and didn’t come back, they would call his father. And if they called his father, the real trouble would start.
“See, she recognized my name. She became all excited, started tellin’ me aaall abou’ her fuckin’ life. Big trip she said! Fuckin’ annual family trip, with her son, and oh! she was fuckin’ proud of her son. And how I had to be reaaally proud of my son too. I thought she was talkin’ about Sammy. But no. And you know who she was talkin’ about?”
If Dean had gave up with his dad, barely answering to him and keeping his little brother away from him and the troubles, he never stopped presenting as male, being boyish. And it led him to be an easy target, but letting down his identity and accepting what John had always ever wanted was worse.
Castiel joined him on the sofa. He tucked his feet underneath the cushion. He was facing Dean.
“I- Ugh. Yes. Fine. It was Castiel.”
“No, no! I want you to kiss me – I mean, I’m okay with a chaste kiss – but I didn’t think you were going to reciprocate… I-I thought you were straight.” It was Castiel’s turn to be dumbfounded.
“Wait. You like-like me?” Dean was stunned, his brain was having a hard time processing all his feelings.
“Miss Deanna Winchester, please report to the principal office, immediately.”
“Please dad, no!” Dean pleaded, his arms facing outward.
Before they knew it, it was time for Dean to leave. They kissed, Cas’ waived Dean off and they made promises to see each other at school.
He got up, careful to not make any noise. He didn’t want to wake up his little brother. And he went to the kitchen, still in his pajamas. He always slept in an oversized hoodie. It didn’t matter how hot it was. He couldn’t bear the thought of anyone, even Sam, seeing him when he was not binding. But he wasn’t careless enough to sleep in several sport bras. He usually kept just one, and with the sweatshirt, it was enough to make him feel okay-ish around Sam.
The bracelet was a nondescript chain bracelet, just like thousands of others, but indeed, right under the clasp was the three letters ‘cas’ engraved in it. The ingenuity resided in the fact that when the bracelet was tightened, no one could see it, not even inadvertently.
“You’re weird, you know that?”
“No. He came back late, already drunk, went directly to his bedroom.”
“Thanks, party pooper. Okay now, get started on math, I’ll get us some cookies.”
Dean remained seated, incapable of moving. It was as if his body had been made of stone. He couldn’t even bring himself to raise his head. He did see Castiel from the corner of his eye. He was looking at him, with a worried and puzzled look on his face.
It always left him feeling bittersweet. But he craved it. He craved those moment of borrowed normalcy.
“He was worried, dummy. You disappeared on him. The principal called you, and ‘poof’ you were gone. He thought someone had
Dean didn’t answer. He didn’t know what to say. He tried moving but he had a gigantic headache.
He wanted to take his beating heart out of his chest. He wanted to crush it in his bare hands.
“Your file has been transferred to us. Violence, skipping school, mediocre grades, degradation of the property of the state… Should I go on?”
“Yes, I did.”
“I really really like you.” He said.
Dean wanted to disappear into the ground. He also wanted to punch that Michael guy. But he couldn’t. He clenched his fists.
He thought his father was going to hit him again and he put his arms in front of him, to protect himself. But John had stormed off, towards the room the brothers shared.
“My brain is fried, but you can keep working if you want. I’ll run interference with your cat.”
“They don’t like you? How so?”
He joined the girls with a heavy heart. But even there, no one made an effort to integrate him. They actually stood away from him, acting as if he wasn’t there, which was somehow still better than them acknowledging him.
Dean chuckled. “Fine. Now, hush! I want to watch that Simpsons’ episode. I think it’s the one where Burns is a vampire.”
“I was worried about you.”
“Stop being silly.” Cas’ laughed and sent a cushion to Dean’s face.
“I’m… not sure to know where you are going with that…” Dean had moved away from him.
Dean was three years old the first time he wet himself by trying to pee standing up just like his buddies. It was a total mess, and the lecture his father gave him didn’t change a thing about that. He could remember those exact words forever: “Girls don’t pee standing up, they sit. Period.”. But three years old Dean couldn’t understand this sentence, he wasn’t a girl, he was a boy even if his father didn’t seem to notice it.
“Don’t worry, it’s only a mild sedative.”
He was six years old the first time he cut his hair off with big kitchen scissors. He genuinely thought cutting his hair would change things, that maybe if his hair looked more like the other boys’ hair, they would all see the true him, they would all see Dean, not Deanna or John’s little daughter, or poor Mary’s little daughter, just Dean.
Dean sighed. He left his brother’s bed and went in his. The best he could hope for was that they would leave town before the problems would start. Yes, attending P.E. would be hell, and ultimately, trouble would arise, but it wouldn’t be immediate. He could deal with the bullying for a while, keep his temper even, act as if it didn’t bother him, didn’t affect him. He had to. For Sam.
“How can you be so sure?”
“Shit.”
“Oh course not! It hasn’t been easy you know! And it doesn’t help when people constantly make fun of it, or keep me in the ‘bad student’ box.”
Dean stuck his tongue out at him.
Castiel’s father called him from downstairs. It was time to go. Dean helped Cas’ with his bags. They hugged one last time, and Dean waived at the car and Cas’ until he couldn’t see any of them anymore.
“Oh.”
And then, he had gotten a bonus third one because he had come out to his parents, and his mother had taken upon herself to read as much as she could on the subject so she could give him a full powerpoint presentation on pretty much everything she thought he should know, plus a two pages long bibliography.
“And cute.”
“You okay?” Dean whispered.
The next day passed like a weird dream. Dean barely left his room or his bed apart from going to the bathroom. But even then, he avoided mirrors. He didn’t think he had any broken bones, but he knew he had quite a few bruises and they all hurt. Fortunately, his head was feeling better. He didn’t have a headache anymore, but the pain in his jaw was still throbbing.
“Of course we are.” Dean managed to answer.
“You know I don’t have anything against your mom’s cookies.”
Sure enough, his name was called last. The burden of having a last name ending in a W.
Very short update, I know, but necessary (?)
Castiel’s mother was absent. She had gone to the garage to do one last check-up before their departure, just in case. Even though they had done an extensive one two weeks prior, ‘better safe than sorry’ she had said.
Cas’ hugged Dean tight and breathed in Dean’s scent.
“What’s that? Give it to me!”
Okay, date was a strong word. They had gathered snacks, hot chocolate, and fruits at the insistence of Castiel, and had made themselves comfortable on the Nowaks’ back patio.
Sam took the book on his nightstand and obliged. He propped his head on his brother’s back and his feet on the headboard.
Dean cringed.
He made his way to the bathroom, and kept the light off this time. He undressed trying not to think about his body. He had slept with his three sport bras on him. He winced. Removing them hurt, he could feel the red angry lines under his fingers, where the elastics had been.
After a while, Dean found the energy to drag himself back to his room. He closed the door behind him and crashed on the floor.
“And it was true! But it’s almost winter break. I think we’re allowed to take some time for us.”
Dean didn’t take the bait. The teacher waited until the silence grew uncomfortable.
“Good. I expect you to report to your P.E. teacher for class tomorrow. If you don’t, I’ll have to call your parents. Do you understand?”
“Thanks mom!”
A few reference pics of Castiel's bedroom's layout I did on roomsketcher:
“I like you.” He exhaled. “There. I said it.”
“Can I kiss you?” was the first thing Dean said once his brain caught up.
“Haven’t you heard? The girls’ side is the right side.” Boy number one added.
The second one was about regular straight sex ed, which Castiel had found both boring and mortifying but necessary to some extent.
Dean spotted Castiel and sat beside him. He was wearing a short-sleeved pale blue shirt and an adorable bowtie with little cats on it. His hair was disheveled, as always. He was deep into a book, probably some kind of weird European treatise. He was an absolute nerd, and Dean was screwed.
“I’ll buy you some another time. If there is another time.” Dean mumbled.
He sat on a bench, he was half hidden from view by big bushes of begonias. He put his head in his hands, and stayed like that for quite a while.
“I-I can’t. You’re really nice, but-”
They snuggled until it was time for Dean to leave, and they parted ways with yet another kiss. Dean felt giddy as he walked home. He couldn’t believe his luck. He loved Cas’ and Cas’ loved him back. Life was good.
Castiel sped up and left Dean on his own. Not that he didn’t deserve it, quite the contrary, he thought.
“No. No. It’s just that… I’ve been on my own for so long. I’m not used to… getting help. Just like that. Without paying for it, or something.”
This scared Dean. If John kicked him out, Sam would be alone. And he couldn’t let that happen. He had promised him he would never abandon him. So, he tried hard to keep things quiet, keep a low profile, but it wasn’t easy.
“I fucking hope so! She makes the best cookies.”
Dean felt conflicted about his feelings for him. He knew nothing could come out of it. Hell, Castiel was probably straight. And Dean was convinced to be way too queer for anyone to want to date him. Yes, it would never work.
Dean smirked.
Cas’ came back with the promised cookies, and damn they were good. They studied for some time, Dean asked questions every now and then, but he understood way more stuff than he did a few weeks back. It was really working. Maybe he was going to pass that year after all.
betray me.”
“Okay, but seriously. You get called to the principal office, then proceed to completely disappear. And then I get this text late at night, like it’s all nothing and I’ll see you tomorrow. And when I do see you, you act all weird, ignoring me. Did I kill your cat, or what?”
Dean looked away. “Because I can’t pay for tutoring lessons. And you can’t come to my house, anyway. And even if you could come, we only have one desk, and Sammy needs it, and-”
Sam left and came back with water and a box of cereals. He handed both to his brother, with an Advil. Dean thanked him and slowly, very slowly sat upright. He gulped the Advil with some water and forced himself to eat a bit.
“Drop what?”
The bell rang again. Lunch time was over, and they had class, but neither of them moved.
“Our… but it’s not due until at least two weeks from now.”
“Aw.”
“Now listen to me, young lady.”
“No.”
Dean tried to hide it, but it was no use. John was on him in less than a second and snatched it from his hands.
“Well, he seemed nice.”
“Then come join me.”
“Love you too.”
Dean tried to make a run for it, but he was still stiff and dude number two caught him.
Dating Castiel was… great. It was more than he could have asked for. Sammy was not letting him live it down. And as annoying as it could get, it was slightly endearing too.
Brief summary of this chapter:
“Me neither.” Dean admitted, and it felt good to say it aloud.
He picked up his backpack and slowly made his way back to his house. When he arrived, he immediately noticed his father’s car in the driveway, and he felt his guts twist.
“Mr. Zachariah, Miss Winchester is here.”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“Come ooon. Talk to me.”
“Don’t move. I’m not done with you.” He punctuated his words with his fist.
“And yet, there still aren’t enough of them. Later, when I have my own place, I want every single wall to be covered in books.”
Ever since Castiel had entered his life, Dean had felt like there was hope. Hope for him, hope for the future.
Sam managed to smuggle Dean a sandwich and an apple and he spent some time trying to tidy their room, to erase the signs of what had happened. He was scared and he couldn’t keep looking at it. It was nagging at him.
For the first time that week, Dean didn’t wake up feeling like he was hangover. He lay awake in his bed, enjoying the quiet. Sam was still sleeping. It was Saturday. In Dean’s opinion, Saturday was the best day of the week. There was no school. His father worked. He had the full day to himself, and Sammy.
“No, I didn’t mean it like that. I- It’s not because you’re trans. Oh gosh. I’m doing a terrible job at this whole communication thing.” He paused. “I’m-it’s because I’m ace. Asexual.” He paused again. “It means I’m not sexually attracted to anyone. And I personally don’t want to have sex. Ever.”
He was always on edge, in survival mode. Not that he had ever felt truly safe around John, but it had become worse. And more than ever, he felt grateful for the two hours of oasis he had every week day afternoon with Castiel.
“Are you afraid of something? Are you allergic to cats?” Castiel was genuinely puzzled.
“No, it’s fine. They’re threatening to call my father, at the smallest mistake I make.”
It didn’t make John stop. Dean protected himself as best as he could. When John was done, Dean was motionless and sobbing. John was panting. He put his belt back in place and turned away.
“Don’t think I didn’t see what you did there. No, she didn’t. Mrs. Bradbury is a civilized human being, unlike someone else I know.” He gave him a pointed look.
“No? Doesn’t ring any bell? You better stop lyin’ right now.” John stood up, swaying a little.
“Nope. I’m very fine doing my stuff on the floor. Desks aren’t for me. I don’t like them, they don’t like me, feeling is mutual.”
“I know how much you like that car, for a reason I cannot fathom, but, well, I thought…”
Sidenote: I had a little fun on roomsketcher, so if you want to see some reference pics of Castiel's bedroom's layout, scroll down to the end of the chapter.
“Eh, I have my reasons. He covered for me a couple of times. And I’m real advanced in physics, while you, mister, are real late.”
“No! Dad!” Dean said, alarmed.
Castiel took a deep breath.
And so he did, gladly.
“He found out that… He found out I was still trans. He met Castiel’s mom.”
When John came back that evening, Sam told Dean he looked smug. They didn’t really know what to make of it, but it felt like the calm before the storm.
He stood up, turned on the light, and looked for a change of clothes.
“Pinky promise. So, we have deal then?”
At least, his mother knew, and she never failed to comfort him, even if she was too uncertain to stand up against John. She thought it was better if he could notice it by himself, but he didn’t, not this time. He didn’t catch up either the following times it happened again.
“You’ve asked?” Sam asked, a mouthful of cereals and milk.
The last sight he caught was the front door closing on Sammy who was still screaming and kicking while John held him tightly.
“Mom calls it family bonding.”
He went straight outside to the parking lot. He felt the urge to scream, to kick at things. He bit his fists, clenched them until his knuckles were white and his nails imprinted in his palms.
His palms started sweating. He considered turning back and leaving, but whatever it was about, it would probably only make things worse. If he waited too long, his father would start drinking, and if he waited even longer, Sammy would be the one to come across their father.
Sam will be here soon, he knows it. But he is so sure, that it’s not going to be enough for his “perfect heaven”.
Castiel is doing his duties in heaven, while doing his work, he suddenly has a strange feeling in his stomach. He isn’t quiet sure if it’s butterflies or cockroaches. What is this feeling? What’s happening? He feels as though there’s a strange presence around somewhere.
“I’ll tell you everything, for now, just enjoy.” Jack insists.
But why didn’t Castiel tell him he was out of the empty? Did he not know that Dean felt like he was in hell when he was taken by the empty? Did he not have the power to come to earth? Why couldn’t he tell Jack to convey the message? He has a lot of questions on his mind.
If it’s the heaven he deserves, then where is Cas? Is Cas still suffering in the empty? If this is heaven then why does he still feel so numb?
of people...but when you...it was a nasty feeling man, and I haven’t felt that way towards anyone else.”
Once they’ve all had their time together, it’s night by now. The sky is so clear, and it’s starry. Jack now takes them into the forest, which is somehow even bright at night because of the intensity of moonlight, they didn’t even need a flashlight to walk. Dean and Castiel are walking together holding hands. As they’re all walking, Sam and Dean realise they can hear voices, once they’ve reached their destination, Sam and Dean are stunned to see the sight, both of them have tears in their eyes.
Jack is beyond happy when he hears all of it. He always knew in his heart, and he was devastated that the moment he got to speak his truth, he was taken away. No, things cannot be left like this.
They all go to the Impala, and drive off towards where Sam is supposed to be. After a few minutes' ride, Dean realises they’re on the bridge where him and Sam did their first case together, the woman in white. He smiles to himself and then looks at Castiel and Jack.
”Dean...I-“
Suddenly, he hears wings. He closes his eyes and smiles to himself. Oh, how much he’s missed that sound.
Dean just nodded. He was tired.
Castiel’s lips were in a thin line and he was looking right into Dean’s eyes. Everything he was feeling at the moment, he shoved it aside. He didn’t want to think. He just needed to hear what Dean had to say. He was terrified but weirdly calm.
“Oh.” Castiel said naively.
Dean looked at Castiel’s lips. “Can I?” He said gently. Castiel furrowed his eyebrows and tilted his head. Dean rolled his eyes and held on to Castiel’s face as he raised his eyebrows, giving him the ‘
“I’m sorry Dean. I shouldn’t have hurt you, or Sam that way just because I was afraid of-“ Castiel was suddenly completely out of words and didn’t know what to say. There was no explanation for this.
“I was scared Dean. I needed time to think, and time works differently around here, I’ll tell you everything about it I just- I know I should’ve met you but I just- I don’t know what to say.” He said quickly.
“I know Chuck controlled most of my life, but you know what else I now know for sure was real? You, Cas. Damn it, you were right there all along and I was too blind to notice it. I saw you a best friend but, I know whatever I felt was...so much more than that. Everytime I lost you...and I’ve lost
Dean looked at Jack, with a sorrowful face, again remembering how he treated Jack back on Earth. But it’s okay, he told himself, this is a chance to start over, there was a lot of time and he was going to make it up to Jack, and treat and cherish him as his own son. He smiled at Jack. Dean just wanted everyone to be happy.
Jack smiled, very happy to hear this from one of his fathers.
They spend the whole day catching up, sitting near the edge of the cliff which they’ve turned into their favourite spot because it overlooks the entire heaven. Miracle is running around trying to catch the birds. Jack tells Sam about the idea behind the new heaven. Castiel has his own conversation with Sam, giving him all the answers to his questions, along with a lot of apologies. Sam tells them all about how he spent his entire life and they’re all so happy and glad to hear that he died peacefully.
Sam just looks at Dean, Castiel, Jack, with a loving expression. He is beyond happy to be here with them. “I am so, so happy to be here. I missed you all so much.” He says while looking at each of them back and forth. Of Course he misses Eileen and his son too, but he hopes they’ll be here soon too, and he assumes Miracle is around somewhere waiting for them right now.
Castiel asks Dean whether he should go and meet Sam, he feels so selfish over this, he realises he could’ve done it before, but he just made peace with Dean, he was finally in a good place mentally, he was finally happy and he was just
Dean took a deep breath through his nose.
He needs to talk to Jack about it.
Out of nowhere, Miracle comes running from the end of the bridge, barking. Dean turns around shocked as he jumps on him, he holds him as he keeps licking his face. “Oh my God, my baby.” He says as he kisses his forehead. Sam pets him adoringly while he says, “Oh I’ve missed you.” Miracle whines and wags his tail, telling them he missed him too.
They held each other, caressed each other gently, for minutes,
?) he goes back to Earth, he wants to have the right words to say. He knows they will be here very soon considering the time difference, but he feels so nasty because as he’s freaking out in a matter of hours here, days are passing by on earth, and they’re mourning him and are in pain and it’s getting harder and harder to go back.
He stares at him with furrowed eye brows. “Jack? What’s happening?”
Castiel nodded, insisting for him to continue.
soon, time works differently here. We’ll all be together soon.”
After what felt like hours, they pull away. Dean’s hands are now loosely holding Cas’s waist. He still doesn’t want to let go.
. Every moment they had together leading up to this moment. Every fight they had. Every Prayer. And so many more things.
After a long pause. Jack finally speaks. “Cas.” He smiles. It’s a sad smile, but regardless, still a smile. “He’s here.”
Jack walks towards Dean and pulls him into a hug. “I’m sorry your time came so early.”
Castiel is silent again. Dean is so hurt. He doesn’t want to hurt Dean more. Dean now lets his waist go and sighs.
“Were you really that afraid?” Dean’s voice softened.
Castiel got up, and he reached out for Dean’s hand. “Come on, Jack’s dying to meet you.”
Dean turned and pressed his nose against the side of Castiel’s face, taking a deep breath. “Cas...I love you too. Damn it, I love you so much.” He whispered. Castiel was now crying too. They were both so broken, and holding on to each other as if they were each other’s oxygen.
Dean puts Miracle down. He is already standing next to Castiel, so he figures out this is a good time to let Sam know about them, in a subtle way, maybe? He just reaches out for Castiel’s hand and holds it, intertwining their fingers together.
