Of course. Diaz, Peralta, release Holmes and Watson.
“What did Mycroft tell you?”
Ms Hooper bit her lip. “Really?”
Holt comes out of his office. He looks around the bullpen before focusing his attention on the closed door of the breakroom. Holt takes a few steps closer to the breakroom, attempting to get a better view of the inside. Sherlock and John are there and appear to be deep in conversation. Terry comes up to Holt.
SHERLOCK
“Let me go!” Small struggled.
Holmes chuckled. “You’re not so bad yourself.” And winked and took a drink of water.
“Thai.”
“Sherlock, the mess you’ve made.” Mrs. Hudson said as she came in with a platter containing a teapot, teacups and biscuits.
Watson put aside the day’s paper he had started reading. “You and everybody else.”
“No.” Murray stretched the
Holmes looked lost in thought, thinking over what Ms Hawkins was trying to make him understand, until he frowned and looked down at the script. “In that case, there are a few things in here that don’t make sense.”
He winked and with a little shimmy, lifted his chin, whipped his scarf around his neck and walked to the centre of the stage. The crew quieted once they saw Morgan.
You can follow me on tumblr for updates on when the second fic will be published (still in the process of being written at the moment)
“Some other time maybe?” Watson managed to say.
Barge chase!
“No. You’re not putting me aside. I’m going to find Manning and stop him if it’s the last thing I do.”
Try harder.
“That big beautiful brain of yours. You need a break. Blow off some steam.”
“I did.” Holmes continued, ignoring Stamford’s face slowly turning red. “I initially thought you were pocketing the money on every production by not paying your suppliers. But I’ve eliminated that possibility now that I’ve met you, and seen the studio.” He added as he waved around.
the one who got you out of there.” He said to Sherlock who looked sideways at him with a smirk.
“Then do it!” Sherlock ordered, without thinking. Had he known John was about to take off his latex glove and touch the tattoo, he would have stopped him, but as it was, he had his back turned. All he felt was a cool hand covering his shoulder blade and the pain and fever leave him suddenly. “What did you do!?” Sherlock cried out as he turned to see the image disappear under John’s cuff, clearly growing unsteady on his feet. “You idiot!”
Watson looked annoyed. “But your stitches-”
Sherlock leaned in to kiss him once more, delighted to feel John cup his cheek and deepen the kiss. He had no idea how long they laid there together, but it was long enough for Sherlock to confirm that he would never tire of kissing John.
Reminder the case doesn't really matter.
BOYLE
SHERLOCK
The soft lighting in the bedroom reduced the sensation of being exposed, but Sherlock’s muscles remained tense. John must have noticed, approaching Sherlock as if he were a frightened animal. He found the behaviour ridiculous, until John settled between his legs, placing the prominent tent in his fatigues a few inches in front of Sherlock’s face. He wanted to look away, but it was just so—
“The schedule,” Holmes replied without hesitating, making Stamford and Ms Adler laugh. “See, the Premiere date hasn’t changed. Which means we have four weeks to reshoot the entire movie. Heck, I had a week to learn the entire thing.”
Holmes and Ms Adler have dinner at The Cocoanut Grove.
The large room was still dark except for the corridor light leaking in through the door, and the two red lights over the emergency exits at both ends of the studio.
“You mean you didn’t meet while you were high in an opium den?”
John stared at him. “It was your idea to get food in the first place.”
Holmes straightened his neck, moved away from the lamp, and blinked until his vision focused.
“Yes, now go clean up and find me when you’re done.”
“I-I…” Small shook his head, looking scared.
He did not expect a smirk and a loud sniff. “Problematic script, huh?”
With a shake of his head, John turned to Sherlock with the syringe in hand.
Holmes paused. Watson made dinner. With wine. And a candle.
“You could probably solve it in your sleep. Now shut up and eat.”
John frowned. “What do you mean? Of course I’m alright.”
Ms Hawkins watched them from the corner of her eye as she took note of the situation on her clipboard. She was about to continue her round, when the studio door opened, and Anderson walked into the studio. Even from the other end of the studio Ms Hawkins thought he looked unusually sweaty, which was explained when Wiggins pushed through the door, looking like he was biting his tongue. He went directly for the coffee and pastries, while Anderson shut himself in his dressing room.
“What?” John said loudly, turning his head so his ear was facing Sherlock.
Everyone broke out in applause, except Morgan and Ms Adler. It was only then that Watson noticed he had not moved a muscle the entire song. As if coming out of a dream, he leaned back in his chair and joined in the applause.
. With a last look, he turned and ran. Once he got there, every light on the wall was blinking angrily.
“Silence on set!”
“So you don’t mind having me as a partner anymore?”
“Huh?” He suddenly realised he had been standing with his hands on the back of his chair for a moment and Sherlock was staring at him, concerned. “Oh, yeah, sorry, got a bit distracted there.” Clearing his throat, John focused on what they were doing. “So, how did I do?” He reluctantly asked as he settled in his seat.
“In a super sized Pandora’s box.” John commented sarcastically.
John did a double take. “You serious?”
“I’m not sure if it’s such a good idea I work with artifacts, given what happened.” John argued, looking down at himself covered in goo.
Morgan scoffed. “You know I don’t give the public what they want. I try to elevate them. I don’t
Watson looked agitated when he arrived, his eyes going straight to Holmes. He looked relieved when he saw him sitting on the bed, eyes hidden by the bloody handkerchief.
“Morgan, enough,” Stamford insisted. “You knew this is what I was hiring you for. We’re already over budget, we can’t afford to reshoot.”
“Besides Anderson you mean?”
Watson was grateful to finally get the rehearsal studio back. He liked working in Stamford’s office, but it didn’t have a piano, which was rather useful when working on a song. He spent the first half hour just playing, doing scales and basic exercises to warm up his fingers. He then moved on to a few of his favourite pieces before settling down and working on the finale.
“That’s how it started. I got shot.” He pushed his food around his plate. “I was in the hospital, recovering. I was bored, miserable, but I wasn’t the worst off. The soldier on my left had lost an arm and a leg. We started chatting when they were easing him off the pain meds. He asked me to tell him a story, to distract him. And I just…” Watson scratched the back of his head as he remembered the look on that soldier’s face. “I couldn’t say no. Said the first thing that popped into my head. A story I’d heard in the field: three special ops on experimental drugs dropped by helicopter. They were completely delirious, paranoid, but still managed to get into enemy territory and do some serious damage before they all died of heart attacks caused by the drugs. That made him laugh, well, as much as he could with those wounds.” Watson chuckled, “There was this one crazy story about how this one guy stepped on a land mine and…”
“What does an Irish immigrant starting a fire in 1879 have to do with the great London fire in 1666?” The man straightened his cuffs smugly before answering.
His eyes kept catching John’s attention. There was just something about them in black and white that seemed... off. They still had the same vitality in them, the same clever mind behind them noticing every little detail. But John missed the color palette, the delicate nuances of blue and green that were now shades of gray that couldn’t possibly show the depth of this man’s intelligence. He attempted to imagine the sight in color and he became so focused on the thought that he didn’t realise he had been staring.
Holmes shook his head. “God, how do you do it?”
“Thanks, toots.” Anderson chugged down the liquid. He turned to Ms Louise to get his make-up fixed, but he was eyeing the nurse. “How long ‘til it works?”
*For story purposes, artifact proprieties may differ from the original description*
Holmes looked disgusted. “Does that mean I should...flirt with her?”
“Still true.” Sherlock answered, unwavering.
“Sherlock, you know as well as I do that in the Warehouse, as unlikely as it seems, we never rule anything out.” There was the patient older brother tone again.
“Fred and Ginger?”
“You have to do this to all of them?”
We just want to help--
good.”
“Action!”
They held each other’s gaze, a silence stretching between them.
Amy sends the text and puts her phone away.
Watson was confused by Holmes’s cold tone as he stretched to grab his shirt and shrug it on.
Sherlock looked up and found John watching him, looking like he couldn’t believe his eyes. Without breaking eye contact Sherlock kissed just under John’s glans. The resulting curse and flop onto his back encouraged Sherlock to nuzzle the base a bit before giving John’s cock a long lick all the way to the tip.
“Can’t we help with anything?” John pushed.
Wiggins snorted. He knew the answer was no, but he wasn’t going to be the one to break it to Holmes. “Talk to Stamford. How many pirouettes you can do in a row?”
cryptic?” He just wasn’t buying it. With everything that was going on, Watson suspected he must have hit his head in the explosion and have been in a coma dreaming this ever since.
“Wow, really,” Holmes replied but had no idea what Holden was referring to and took note to ask Lestrade.
“Captain Jones, if you please.” Stamford said, so they would ignore Holmes’s behaviour. “I understand what we’re asking is rather unusual, but I don’t think you understand the opportunity we’re offering you.”
“You just chose to ignore the ‘after coffee’ part.” John added, turning it on and leaning against the counter, his arms crossed, facing the brothers.
John’s anger had started as somewhat of a distraction to Sherlock, quickly learning the different ways to trigger and disarm it. Sometimes pushing things a bit too far... But John was supposed to become boring like everyone else. Like everyone except... Somehow Sherlock had grown to find John’s anger and many other things that define him... endearing. But the anger he was seeing at this moment was new and he couldn’t grasp what it was no matter how hard he looked. The more he looked, the more he wanted to understand what was making John so... whatever he was at the moment, so Sherlock could never do it again and never see that look again.
Obviously, Watson used the first take, the one in which he got the landing, and the next shot Edward’s hair was different, to hide the stitches, but it still worked. Holmes turned to Watson, who was smiling.
“How ‘bout you, how’d you end up in Hollywood? Working for Stamford of all people.”
“So what does it look like? Maybe I can help you.” The man offered, turning to John who didn’t hear him. It took a moment for Sherlock to realise John was being rude without knowing it.
Ms Adler chuckled. “I managed. Listen, our job is to do as he says, and do it as best we can.” Her eyes softened at Holmes’s distraught face. She leaned in and whispered. “Honestly, I just do whatever I want.”
What had he gotten himself into?
“Look at you, trying so hard to be still. You’re doing so good.”
“Right then,” Wiggins turned to Ms Adler, “Ms Adler, if you please.”
“How did you know ab—? Right, you work for the Yard.”
Ms Riley looked uncomfortable. “Ms Adler insisted.”
“Private Detectives. This is Sherlock Holmes and I am John Watson.” Turning back to the woman, John tried to sound as reassuring as he could. “Mrs. Carson, may we please come in and speak with you?”
Jake, wearing Lestrade’s back-up shirt, is smiling like crazy. Amy, still wearing the Holmes-ish coat, is covering her mouth with her hand, eyes wide.
John cleared his throat. “So what do we do now?”
Lestrade leaned back. “We can’t just go off a hunch.”
“What do you mean?”
Watson pointed to the medical kit on the desk. “Band-aids are in there.”
When he finished his coffee, Watson wandered over to Lestrade, greeting everyone on his way.
“Yes ma’am.”
Watson had been staring for much longer than was considered polite, but that didn’t seem to bother Holmes. He was watching every reaction Watson was having, every muscle in his face, every twitch. The scrutiny was unsettling, but somehow… exciting.
“That’s the official story. The story we tell the population in order to keep them safe.” The man answered before sipping his tea with a malicious look. Watson eyebrow lifted at the mention of danger.
BOYLE
Sherlock paused before answering. “Remember when you got mad enough that you started an artifact chain reaction that activated the emergency system?”
“I know.” She smiled lovingly before turning to her captor.
“Don’t shush me, I asked you a simple yes or no question-”
Stamford scoffed. “Hearsay!”
. This was John’s instrument of choice.
John opened his mouth and frowned. “It sort of... rained pages on us?”
“That’s quite an accomplishment.”
Sherlock stopped himself from rolling his eyes. “He’s obviously innocent, and he has a lead.”
“It’s Holmes.” His deep voice was muffled through the door.
“The set is closed for another 3 days, in which time I have to cast a new male lead that Morgan and Ms. Adler are willing to work with, who will also accept to work for pennies, which means an amateur, which is
“Oh, this can’t be good.” Sherlock said softly as he looked up.
“Well, it did go well, the knife was there, the clock was just a coincidence. It’ll be over once we neutralize it.” Sherlock said as they finally approached the shop entrance. He opened the door, both of them struggling to get the unconscious man through it. They sat him down in a chair and John took out tie wraps.
“Oh.” Holmes’s made his eyes widen, and acted surprised when he turned to Ms Adler. “
“Ms Adler told me to follow Moran.” Holmes explained as he started to unbutton his trousers.
Holmes stared him straight in the eyes. “Because Lestrade does, and you’re desperate.”
“The universe is rarely so lazy.” Sherlock countered. He took one last look at Irene, his face looking as if he smelled something foul, before he turned back to the computer to continue working. The woman turned to the new agent and offered her hand.
Sherlock blinked in surprise. Where did John come from?
Stamford looked like he wanted to throw his glass, but ended up standing and walking over to the window to stare outside.
Ms Adler looked around quickly, seeing Holmes being slowed down by the crowd and leaned in to whisper again. “I’ve been in a relationship with Ms Kate for nearly ten years.” She slid her hand onto Ms Kate’s thigh. Watson was surprised to see Ms Kate spread her legs and Ms Adler’s hand sliding a bit deeper. “And you’d be an idiot to let go of Holmes.”
Sherlock looked up, confused by John’s stern tone.
“No time to argue. Go fix the processing center; I’ll take care of this.” He ordered, throwing the wood plank to him before taking a step towards the armor.
Murray was currently holding a tennis ball in his hand and fake throwing it to Small, who wasn’t moving, but blinked every time Murray did it. It didn’t prevent Small from doing his job, but annoyed him enough to drive him crazy. Watson was curious to see the outcome.
TERRY
“It’s barely started, and Bishop Novels are great, full of mystery, treachery, stake outs, shoot offs-”
Sherlock watches Rosa with daggers in his eyes as she manhandles John out of his handcuffs. Jake looks between John and Sherlock as he frees Sherlock.
The sudden change of pace was a bit destabilising to Holmes. He had grown accustomed to the rhythm at the studio, and how the crew made sure to create this comfort zone for himself and Ms Adler during filming. But here, he felt like fresh bait dropped in a lion’s den. Everyone was watching or trying to get their attention, silently negotiating who would be the next to come and speak to them. It was a lot to manage at once, so much so that Holmes almost missed Ms Adler’s comment about the movie’s success. He put it aside to analyse later and focused on the conversation.
Watson could have sworn he saw something wicked appear in his eyes.
I know, I know, this one wasn’t really an action/adventure case. Honestly, I kind of see it as the “Blind Banker” episode of this series. It’s not the episode you watch over and over again but it’s important to the storyline. As much as this one was lacking action, the next one is simply filled with it. Not to mention the Johnlock slow burn that gets turned up a notch.
Why are you here?
Holmes smacked his lips as he set down his glass. “You are out of shape.”
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
“And that’s useful because?”
Holmes bit his lip and nodded.
“The Hudson Cartel.” Holmes said without any prompting, still facing the window. “They’re the ones behind all this.”
“I sleep odd hours. Sometimes I don’t speak for days. And I like to play violin when I think.” John’s head spun around.
“So, what do you say?”
“You keep records of the items you buy?” Sherlock insisted.
Nuts?
“I still can’t believe I met Anthony Bishop.”
“Morning,” Holmes mumbled and made his way to the window to stare outside. “But it most certainly is not a good one.”
“Bit reckless, even for you.”
John sat back to pull his shirt off, but Sherlock didn’t want to break apart. His hands and mouth followed him up, sitting up in the process. He kissed John’s chest, over the fabric before it was taken off. Sherlock found himself wrapping his arms around John and pressing his face against his bare skin.
I don’t mind listening to you two work things out, I just thought you’d want to know.
The agent closed the file, tossed it lightly onto the metal table between them. He looked at the soldier a moment before speaking.
“Don’t worry John, we can always get out of it by faking our deaths. We could go back to London and solve crimes together instead.”
“Sex.”
Sherlock could feel John’s discomfort. “Not as much as your lips.” She added as an afterthought.
“Where the hell is this anyway?” He asked as he looked up towards the man only to find that they had both disappeared. “Oh come on! Not again!”
“I’m not much of a show man myself,” Watson explained and tried not to focus on how close Holmes was, how easy it would be to touch him, press his leg to his-
Stamford slammed his fist on the table. “Stop it, both of you, immediately.” He looked at them with hard eyes. “We’re all professionals here, now
Watson scoffed as he resumed the second stitch, finding the conversation absurd but essentially the most interesting he’d had in years. “What do they normally say?”
You need help up there? Chester isn’t going anywhere.
“Of what?”
“Well as unnecessary as it was, I’m happy you did it.” Sherlock said seriously and tightened her arms around John.
“It’ll do. For now.” He stuffed them inside his suit jacket as he slid out of the booth and stood.
I’m at home, why?
“Isn’t that a bit late for a class?”
“We have a matter at hand that requires me to omit that particular clause.” Mycroft told them.
The crowd parted, freeing a passage for Holmes, patting him on the back as he went by. Once he was on stage he shook his head at Stamford, who was smiling merrily.
Watson’s eyes widened. He turned his head towards the low rumble of Holmes’ voice. He wasn’t even aware he was awake. “I-I didn’t say anything.”
Rather than dealing with his erection, Sherlock headed for his computer as soon as he got home. He had research to do.
Holmes and Ms Adler huddled around the script with Morgan. Watson tried not to guess what the discussion was about.
Ms Kate answered.
“How did you find me?”
Watson couldn’t tell if he was lying, just handed him two pills. “Here’s something mild for now. I’ll get you something stronger to help you sleep.”
“Did you or did you not know anything about the tags before using them?” If John really had no idea of how the artifact worked, then there was a possibility that he wasn’t even aware of his feelings.
Later mate.
LESTRADE
John shook his head. How had he not seen it? He didn’t know how to react anymore. The former soldier felt all over the place and it was making him a bit lightheaded. He took a step back and sat on the dark desk, his hands grasping the edge, not noticing the sound of crumpling paper.
I know you do, which is why I bribed the janitor to--
Let's just say this chapter is the beginning of "shit starts to happen", and it won't stop until the end.
“Guards you could have warned me about
Chester shakes his head.
trail much longer than needed. “He who?” And did the same with the
John thanked her and held the glass but didn’t drink, still stunned by the woman’s reaction or lack thereof. He eyed Sherlock, assuming he was going to interrogate her but he somehow seemed more interested in the carpet at the moment. With his best trust-me-I’m-a-doctor face, John took a sip of whiskey and placed his glass on the table. “What do you mean?”
“John.”
“Bullshit.”
John lifted his head just enough to be able to look at Sherlock.
“I did not
Yup. Did you see anything suspicious?
You say that about every woman you meet. You even say that about Jake and Amy.
Holmes smiled tightly. “Thank you, Mr. Stamford. I hope I will not disappoint you.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes and looks Jake up and down.
He showered, pointedly ignoring his erection as he let the hot water wash over him. He wanted to be irritated, angry, but it was no use, he felt… the opposite of irritated.
BOYLE
“Sherlock, it’s getting louder again.” John added, pointing towards his head.
It was fine.
“I know what I’m doing, I don’t need a partner.” Sherlock added as well.
Sherlock led the way to the red door of
Somehow, it made Sherlock’s cock harder.
“Good.” Sherlock wished his voice didn’t sound so strangled.
“Just make sure she’s safe.” Mrs. Turner insisted, her eyes filled with worry. Sherlock turned and started walking down the path leading back to the road. John sighed and smiled tightly at the woman.
“Stop me at any time,” Sherlock offered once she was settled between the armrest and John’s legs.
“Good,” John echoed, his smile warming the word.
Yeah Santiago! Look at him! A mess!
Sherlock turns to Amy, intrigued.
The lust in John’s eyes faded into something different, as if he couldn’t quite believe what he was seeing. Sherlock laid the shirt over his jacket. Shoes and socks followed. When his hands reached for the clasp of his trousers, Sherlock hesitated. He didn’t understand. Why was standing naked in the middle of his sitting room making him feel so vulnerable?
Once he was showered and dressed, wet hair sticking out every which way, John went straight for the coffee pot, which he found full of a fresh brew. Surprised, he turned to see Sherlock sitting on the couch, reading the paper spread across the coffee table, a steaming mug to his right.
Weren’t you the one who said a trip abroad would do us some good?
“You don’t have the clearance.” She defended, her voice feeble through his hold on her throat.
Army doctor.
“Any pain?”
They resisted arrest.
“Coffee?” Sherlock asked as they walked towards the storage facilities.
“You’re the one who invaded Afghanistan.”
“I’ll stop when you start acting like a grateful wife.”
Jake turns to Amy excitedly.
He stopped himself, closed his eyes, shook his head. “You, uh.” Watson cleared his throat. “You should probably head back before Lestrade starts looking for you.” He tightened his hold on the door handle.
“Often? No. But it does happen.” So whoever had brought Manning back to life was worth Mycroft’s attention.
“I- uh.”John cleared his throat. “Nothing. Never mind.”
Hudson, that was it. Wait, the police were here? Holmes looked around, but he couldn’t see anyone besides the voices.
“I need my phone. And the barometer.” He said as he held out his hands. Watson hesitated. “I won’t do it in 2 minutes if you don’t give me my tools.” He insisted. Watson begrudgingly gave the items back. He put the barometer in his trouser pocket then tapped at his phone. He put it next to the key pad and within seconds the LED changed green and the automatic door slid open. They walked in a small room filled with a desk, bookshelves, and sort of containment field with a small glass jar with a wooden spinning top rotating inside it.
Watson pursed his lips and eyed Holmes a moment before answering Ms Adler. “Seems about it, yeah.”
Foot chase!
“To early in the story to tell.” John answered as he diverted his eyes from his partner’s outstretched body.
“Wrong.” Sherlock cut her off again, earning himself another surprised yet aggravated look from their visitor.
TERRY
How do you know all these spots?
The words unintentionally made Sherlock imagine John with the tags, literally having his life around his neck. He couldn’t name the mix of emotion it gave him, but the whole of it was thrilling.
“Aren’t you a little overdressed?” Mrs Hudson asked Holmes.
You can talk to Turner after I take a look at you.
“What are you doing?” John whispered as he saw the sign over the door. “We’re sure to get caught if we open that door.”
Holmes laughed, making her smile.
That we can also hear everything you say?
her.”
“They don’t.”
“Really?” Sherlock answered in a bored tone. “So are we.”
John chuckled. “Why am I not surprised?”
“Better get to it then.” Watson turned to Ms Hooper.
When they stepped out of Holmes’s dressing room, they saw the crew had been split into two teams; the first one was taking down the street set, stacking the pieces over by the loading dock, while the second team unloaded the casino set from the truck.
“You were really great up there Holmes.”
“Should we sing?”
“Well I for one don’t really like being shouted at.”
“He...” John started but stopped and turned towards the agent. “Don’t you have access to my file?”
Sherlock sat back on his feet and helped John roll to his side to cough. He kept his hands on him, relieved at the feel of his living body. Slowly, his breathing calmed but still sounded wheezy.  John sat up and rubbed his chest, hissing at the tenderness of his sternum. He looked down as he registered the burnt suit beneath his fingers.
His orgasm felt like the butt of a gun to the back of his head. Sherlock barely registered his wanton moans as he came all over his shirt, his nails digging into the skin of his arse, his trousers pulling against the skin. He had never experienced an orgasm so intense. When he came to, he had one hand holding his softening cock and the other trapped between his arse and the couch.
“What’s wrong with me?” He asked the empty room.
John smirked. “You’ve been acting odd. Either you put something else in the shampoo and secretly monitoring me…”
“To the Warehouse.” The agent explained, making no sense to John.
Of course. If you need anything, you know where to find us.
“Four. Captain.”
BOYLE
Nine o’clock. How can it be nine o’clock? Or that he even woke up on his own? Why hadn’t Sherlock screamed or banged on his door yet telling him to get dressed already? Could he still be sleeping? He went through what he knew of Sherlock’s sleeping habits during a case.
Without bothering to retrieve the bullhorn from Morgan, Ms Hawkins clapped her hands twice and shouted, “Twenty minutes people! Clear the set!”
? There’s no other way.”
A strangled cry came out of Sherlock. He had never been on the receiving end before, and within the first few seconds it was obvious why this was so popular. It also helped that John seemed to be enjoying sucking his cock. Which made the whole experience that much more arousing.
One arm reached for the backrest while the other grabbed Sherlock’s curly hair and held on for dear life.
You underestimate the ability the British have to repress their emotions.
Sherlock clicked the link.
“How did you two meet, exactly?”
BOYLE
“Normally, yes. But it’s Sunday: eleven to five.” He corrected before closing his eyes and from what John could tell, went back to his mind palace.
“Now with John you’ll get them faster and without constant mortal peril.” Mycroft said as he entered the room with John not far behind.
Holmes turned to him. “No idea.”
Watson sat there sipping his tea, waiting patiently for this man to finish up with what could be considered as a display of power, but he couldn’t find it in him to care.
“No time, John.” Sherlock said as he turned with a swirl of his coat and disappeared through the door frame.
“Thank you, by the way.”
“What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re doing the ‘we both know what’s going on here’ face.”
? This entire movie is wrong!” He walked onto the sound stage, pulling the scarf around his neck. “I’m trying my best to create something beautiful, something that will blow everyone away, and it’s all
“If my calculations are correct, which I’m certain they are, the GPS should be in the middle of the experiment table in the office.” Sherlock stretched out his arm towards the entrance, a small smile on his face, but John could see his eyes shining with glee. “Shall we?”
Stamford had called in advance to announce their arrival and have tables ready for them.There was an air of excitement as the cast and crew, dressed up to the nines, stepped out of the limousines in front of hotel.
“You seem to be forgetting a very important fact.” Holmes cut in.
“Are you suggesting that we shouldn’t try to save Stamford Productions as quickly as possible? Or are you just trying to make it last because this is the most fun you’ve had in years?”
He wanted more, so much more. Sherlock had never experienced physical pleasure like this; his brain had always been in the way. But now that everything was tuned down, that he was home, alone, Sherlock let his body take over. He let the sensations wash over him, the pain and pleasure blending together, moving him closer to the edge.
Holmes paused to look at Watson, waiting for Holmes to move to sit back down. Their eyes met, and Watson wished he could kiss him good luck.
Stupid. Such simple instructions and Sherlock had been too preoccupied by the state of the flat to remember to eat.
“Yes, one of the perks of being Caretaker. So I take it you were the one affected?” Mycroft asked John who nodded soberly. “Stabbed by a glass blade
“Lockers are that way.” John pointed left.
“Good. Now, how are you going to fix my hair?”
“Oh goodness it’s great, really,” Holmes replied immediately, then turned to Morgan, blushing a bit. “I’ve always loved his work, so getting to be a part of this project, along with Ms Adler, well, gosh, it’s like a dream come true. I still sometimes feel like I should pinch myself.”
“You do realise those things will most likely happen and we will be involved one way or another.”
EMPLOYEE
“I need-” Sherlock started to say but John grinded the blade of her hand onto her clitoris. The words morphed into a guttural moan. “Oh, John.”
Archie ran quickly to the infirmary as Murray helped Holmes sit up on the floor. He had a head wound. Blood ran down the side of his face.
“I’m, um, done, if you are.” Molly replied, looking down.
I wasn’t-- Why are you here?
You two alright?
“Artifacts are... they have an organic aspect to them, they thrive on the human connection, since it is because of
They knocked at the address in the employee file, and soon after heard the tell-tale noises of someone making a run for it. Obviously guilty. His door wasn’t even locked. Pitiful. Hank was attempting to climb the fire escape when Sherlock barged in, ignoring Lestrade shouting that they didn’t have a warrant. A glimpse around the apartment was enough to confirm they had the right man. He ran to the fire escape after Hank.
“Shouldn’t you be rehearsing with Holmes?”
They started to speak at the same time.
Not… you know.
John pursed his lips. “What do you need body parts for?”
Mrs Hudson’s hoover woke Sherlock the next morning, the irritating sound hitting a nerve. Why the hell was she cleaning this early in the morning?
Watson looked like he was resisting the urge to roll his eyes. “I’m working on it.”
“I understand why you insisted we order right away.” Holmes leaned back in his seat, grateful it was just the two of them at last.
“Oh for god’s sake.” Sherlock hissed. “I told you already, I didn’t want to attract attention.”
Ding ding ding! Cursed coins for the win! And judging by the face you’re both making I nailed it. Bam, mic drop.
No, no I see it too. So weird.
“Here we are.” Sherlock said as he stopped the cart in the middle of an aisle. “So as I was saying, we find the unexplained and tuck it safely away here.” Sherlock concluded as he approached a rolling set of stairs to put away the glass jar on the second to highest shelf.
Holmes’s eyes closed as he did. It felt destabilizing, getting manhandled into a chair, shortly followed by a gentle touch. He simply wasn’t expecting this much kindness from Watson, even if it was arguably his job.
“It’s got to be here somewhere.” Sherlock thought aloud.
Morgan spoke in a controlled hushed voice. “Is there a god damn reason Anderson can’t make it past that part?”
Sherlock nods and walks away. John looks at Lestrade with raised eyebrows.
He moaned with Sherlock’s cock deep in his mouth, making Sherlock gasp and his cock pulse dangerously.
“You think?” Ms Rosie commented.
Kicking the pieces away, John knelt next to Sherlock, his hands moving to inspect the sabre still embedded in his abdomen. He carefully pulled back the torn up clothes and at the sight of the wound he blanched.
The assistant director, Janine Hawkins, turned to the two women next to her and nodded. They quickly made their way to the actors under the bright lights. The short blond one, Helen Louise, started touching up the lead actress’s hair, Irene Adler. The other, Kitty Riley, taller with red hair and sharp eyes, brushed lint off the lead actor’s jacket, Philip Anderson, as she batted her eyelashes at him.
“Will you stop already?” Sherlock retorted.
“Just play it Watson,” Ms Adler interrupted.
I mean it Terry, go read Watson’s blog. It’s like, why aren’t they together already? They have been living together and working together for years. They have been to hell and back. I mean, Holmes had to fake his death to save Watson’s life.
“So? What does it do?”
LESTRADE
She dropped a pillow on the floor in front of her.
“Really, Mycroft.” Sherlock protested. John ignored his relief when he heard the deep voice.
“Smile and Charm, got it.”
“Well, you can’t say infected, since it isn’t a virus, and they don’t all spread.”
Morgan stepped out of the darkness and Holmes chastised himself for not recognising his voice. Morgan was dressed in an impeccably tailored three-piece suit, hair slicked back, but his trademark white silk scarf nowhere to be seen.
John was staring at Sherlock. His concern was so clear, so present that John went into a bit of shock himself, quickly followed by his insides twisting. It was sort of a relief, knowing that as detached as Sherlock acted, he did care, even if it was in his own way. John could feel the warmth of his hands seeping through the fabric of his clothes, making him focus on something else then the pain in his chest from the blast. John was still so surprised by Sherlock’s distress that he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s on his knee and squeezed lightly. They didn’t look at each other, simply stared at their joint hands a moment as they calmed down. Slowly, Sherlock twisted his hand in John’s grip and squeezed back.
Although, that was after they had broken into a drug cartel’s money laundering business together. And ran off after having knocked out the boss. Watson didn’t try to fight the smile that came with the memory. It wasn’t the first time Watson had helped Holmes with the investigation. And Holmes had said he was trying to recruit him…
“Limbs?”
John shrugged. “Never trusted him. Something always felt off.”
As Watson worked, Holmes found himself relaxing. Being taken care of was oddly… soothing. It felt like there was more to it, only Holmes couldn’t quite say what.
“Hello, I’m Agent Watson, this is Agent Holmes.” John introduced, mistakenly turning his head to look at Sherlock as he said his name. The fake smile his partner was wearing easily fell into the “creepy” category, making John frown and stare momentarily.
So we'll say it ends with the Sherlock theme, so it's fair, you know? (also thank you Hubblegleeflower for making me think of that)
“So,” Watson started. He didn’t know what to say, they hadn’t had a moment alone, let alone tried to talk, since he had found Holmes tied to a chair.
John stared blankly. He still couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “You’re serious.”
Lestrade glares at Sherlock.
“Tomorrow.” He repeated, his hand on the handle.
Sherlock didn’t bother to answer and led the way out of the office. They made their way outside of the building and found what Sherlock deduced was their car, a 1940s Plymouth.
. So John let whatever was guiding him do so.
SHERLOCK
It’s your fault for distracting me.
Holmes closed his eyes and tried to think; the last thing he remembered was being in his dressing room with Ms Hawkins who had just given him a letter from-
John pursed his lips as he looked to the side. “After years in a war zone, spending your day treating runny noses is, well, a bit boring, really.”
“Where?”
Watson looked down at his leg. “That’s the second time.”
“He’s dead.” John’s head was hanging low as he pulled his hands away from the man.
“Oh God no.”
“And even though the premise of the romantic arc is common, the portrayal of Edward and Jane, along with clever dialogue, brought a depth to their characters and to the story that culminated in a refreshingly intimate song.” Stamford paused to eye Watson and continued to read to paper. “Ms Irene Adler’s performance excelled, as always, but seemed to shine brighter by newcomer Sigerson Holmes’s side. He is a force to look out for. His charm and looks are enough to get noticed, but once he starts dancing it’s impossible to look away. Despite the recent threat of the Hudson cartel that almost ended the production, this movie is a must see.”
They walked down the hall of an office building, the setting sun shinning bright across their dark gray trench coats and fedoras as they passed each blind covered window. John watched their shadows on the opposing wall as they crossed each section of vertical lines and smiled. He didn’t want to admit it to Sherlock, but he really was enjoying his. It was incredible really, getting the chance to live out one of Bishop’s stories. He could practically hear the words in his head.
it into murder, it
She looked affronted. “I’m just doing what Ms Adler does.”
Damn.
Holmes rolled his eyes. “I was undercover.”
The words were cut short when John took a step forward, hard eyes freezing the man in place. “Sit.”
Come to think of it, he should probably hide that mould experiment too.
When he felt good enough, Sherlock stood and grabbed the elephant. “Come on, John.”
Holmes’s eyes lingered on Watson’s lips a moment before he turned away. He slowly put on his trench coat, listening to Watson and Ms Hooper revise the filming schedule and talk storytelling and photography. Holmes could already tell how good a team they were.
“Well, yes, but-”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock was relieved John wasn’t planning to leave but confused that he was making toast. With butter and jam and cutting them into bite size pieces. If this was so important to John, shouldn’t he ask Sherlock what he wanted to eat? Because there was a perfectly good leftover pad Thai—
Oooh, you’re doing Holmes’ collar flip thing. That's why you have the coat.
You have to understand that not only is it as difficult for me as it is for you, but the next episode... it's just... it's... Episode 4.
“Good work, Archie.” Stamford patted the boy on the head and walked over to where Holmes was sitting. Or rather lounging: he had his legs stretched over the seat in front of him, shoes off, and The Dancing Bachelor spread on his thighs. “How is the ‘research’ going?”
He checked his pulse again before hovering over the wound. It was probably for the best that the man was unconscious, because this was going to be painful. John grabbed the handle of the sabre with both hands and steadily pulled it out of Sherlock’s stomach. A tortured grunt came out of Sherlock, his breathing coming out in short wheezes.
SHERLOCK
“Neeson, there’s nothing to worry about.” John pleaded.
have?”
“What does that imply?”
John did not notice how attractive it made him look. “Where exactly did you send it in the Warehouse?”
John tilted his head to the side. “What do you mean?”
“Ms Rosie’s fake address, and now a fake company name.”
“Well, we haven’t got any neutraliser, Tesla’s, or any other of the tools you usually carry around, the Jade Elephant and battery pack seem to have disappeared, and we have no way to communicate with the Warehouse. So besides going along with the story, I don’t really see what else we could do.”
Sherlock did not know but he understood what was implied.
Molly saw rather than heard Sherlock’s name slipped past John’s lips. She was overwhelmed by how strongly she needed to hear it. So much so that she didn’t notice she had pushed the door open until she was halfway through.
“I’m not sure yet, but it looks like they plan to go underground. I think they need Stamford Productions because of the special treatment movie sets get. I’ve come to understand the rules don’t always apply when it comes to the movie industry. The studio would solve a key problem: space to manufacture. However, it would be impossible to hide, and the smell of those chemicals will definitely attract attention. Which is why they’re going underground.”
The first steps in the routine were walked, yet every step Holmes took was danced. Every shift of his arm, his hand, the way he turned his head to look at every person he passed in the street. His body moved with such ease and grace, it was almost surreal. The man was entrancing. He was… more than Watson could ever dream of.
This is one of Brooklyn’s great historical landmarks. This barge is an old relic from the 1900s when this very location was one of the busiest ports on the east coast. The whole area flourished from the port, creating jobs for thousands of people--
“I know, I should have called, but I must say the look of surprise on your face is priceless. This is just the opening number, wait till you see the finale.” Manning said, tightening his grip on the riding crop. Sherlock, who had been holding the Tesla with both hands, let one go and grabbed John’s shoulder to push him down, forcing him to put a knee on the floor. Sherlock held him there, the Tesla now pointed at his right temple. “Pretty cool, huh?” Manning added, grinning with malicious glee, taking a few steps towards them.
It’s my fault Holmes ran after a perp?
Watson shook his head. “You should sit down.”
Watson found that adorable. How could he refuse Holmes? “Yes, come on now, let’s get moving.”
Still wet from his shower, he walked into to the kitchen. His forehead rested against the cupboard door, his wet hair sticking to it, as he waited for the kettle to boil, dressed in a jumper and jeans that hung loosely off his hips. The cold tiles of the kitchen floor beneath his bare feet helped him concentrate on something other than his dulling headache.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stop it, Frank,” they heard Mrs Hudson say in a calm but clearly scared tone.
“Dark vault?”
The former soldier frowned and walked up next to his partner. He was about to ask when he saw Barnabas’ body on the river bank, not far from the water. Even from the bridge the electrical burns were visible on his body.
“Sorry, I’m sorry, I just-” Holmes started to say when Ms Adler cut him off.
John couldn’t help but smile as he stepped into the room. Not noticing his few belongings stacked between the desk and closet, he walked directly to the bed and lied down on his back. As he listened to the sounds of his new home, he noted that his room was situated exactly over Sherlock’s. It could be an advantage as much as a disadvantage. Well he wouldn’t be around long enough to find out.
“John,” Sherlock blurted out, trying to seem like he wasn’t just standing there staring.
“Will you be okay when he wakes up?” Watson asked.
Sherlock had woken up with his head on John’s lap. The agent had shown the most curious look on his face, as if he had been surprised that John had taken care of him even though he had acted like a prat all day.
When the break ended, everyone went back to work, and as true professionals, they all acted as if nothing had happened.
“On your hands and knees, facing me.”
“I may not be as clever as you, but I’m not stupid you know.”
“Quite.” Ms Adler replied with a smug look and wiggled her eyebrows at Holmes.
Not that one.
Yeah, nothing is. But is he worth it?
It took a moment for Sherlock to register John’s words. He was about to nod when his head throbbed. “Fine. Maybe a concussion.”
Where’s the med kit?
Sherlock gave him a long look. Of what he remembered, John hadn’t looked agitated after having cut off his ties to the chair, or as he lead him out the tunnels, or at the police department. Which meant the anxiety John was exhibiting was due to something else. Sherlock had a few theories, but they were all related to sentiment. To prevent any further misunderstandings, Sherlock decided to ask rather than deduce.
The former soldier rubbed his face with his hand. “Then what do you suggest we do?” He asked, irritated.
“The Indigo Club.”
BOYLE
“I know why Morgan had a tantrum today.”
“Good, you’re finally catching on as to how predictable this case is.”
“Take those boxes and load them into one of the two locked trucks. I’ll go get you the keys while you bring them outside.”
He turned, walked straight out of the office and slammed the door. He didn’t see Sherlock flinch as the sound rang loudly in the empty room. He didn’t see his mask come off, or the pensive look that spread across his features.
The rehearsal went at a steady pace, mostly due to Ms Hooper preventing Watson and Holmes’s arguments from getting out of hand. The important thing was that by the end they had an almost finished finale number. It still needed tweaking and rehearsals, but as a first rehearsal as director, Watson had given the tone to the crew for how filming would resume the next day.
“That’s what you think.” Sherlock answered smugly, more to himself.
I don’t want your pity shirt.
“But Ms Riley is going to have a fit, look at your costume.”
The senior agent pointedly ruffled the pages he was reading.
“You will never leave because this is the best job you’ve ever had. Every moment of your day is filled with the most absurd and dangerous objects found on the face of this earth. You live every day surrounded with enigma, thrill, history, and discovery. You have the chance to travel around the world and not just fix things, but prevent them. This job lets you help people on a scale you never even believed possible.”
“Better than what it’s doing to me right now.” Sherlock answered as he pulled of his shirt, and turned his back to John who saw what could only be described as a tattoo on Sherlock’s left shoulder blade. The same image that had been on the box. Only now it had an orange glow to it that was in no way reassuring. John opened the jar and attempted to pour some over the tattoo, but it moved to a different place on his back.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
Holmes’s raised defences faded, replaced by a small smile, the one that made his eyes shine.
Hold on.
“What is it this time?”
The red light over the studio door was on when Watson arrived at the bottom of the stairs. In case someone appeared, he limped his way down the corridor, and was grateful so see the light turn off when he arrived.
“Neither am I.”
They stared at each other until John got impatient. He knew he would have to tell Sherlock about his sixth sense eventually, but now wasn’t the moment. “Sherlock, we have an emergency to get back to, will you just hand me the elephant?”
“I’m disappointed.”
“Don’t you monitor the black market?”
The reason John was uncomfortable suddenly became clear. Sherlock now knew what John had meant by ‘far beyond the friend boundary’ and ‘what it implies’. It also became very clear to Sherlock that she was an idiot, and that the past few days had absolutely nothing to do with the madder incident.
John finished drying her hair as Sherlock read the instructions.
Hours of preparation rendered useless with a look.
“Stop it with the distractions. Why are you really here?” The agent insisted. She looked at him, her face inscrutable.
I’m certain there are other, more obvious reasons why you are a questionable life partner, but I suppose personal hygiene is a good place to start.
“Russia.” Sherlock stated. “Do you have anything to say?”
Watson released his grip and signalled for Holmes to do the same. Together, they got Small to his feet. Watson crowded him against the brick wall while Holmes kept guard.
With a scowl, Sherlock complied. It was heavier than John thought, and he wasn’t surprised at the tingling sensation in his hand. Ignoring Sherlock’s unconvinced look, John shot into the fog in the middle of the street, making a blue lined wormhole into the Warehouse appear, bright and colorful, contrasting with the black and white of the manuscript’s universe.
There it was again, the trepidation, waiting to see if John would take the pictures. Would accept working with Sherlock.
Everyone turned to Holmes, who clasped his hands behind his back.
SHERLOCK
This should be good.
“Shouldn’t be long now.” He said before walking to the door and waiting for the buzz before opening it to leave.
“Shit.”
“Oh, right, thanks.”
Ms Hooper arrived around eight, alone, while Stamford was at another meeting at the bank. Watson didn’t wake at the sound of the door opening, nor when she carefully pulled away the pages. She placed them on the desk with the others, fighting back the urge to read the work in progress. Instead she busied herself with covering Watson with the blanket she kept in the office for this exact purpose, and silently stepped out.
“Still with us there Holmes?” Ms Rosie asked.
You do understand that with the headset you’re wearing, we can hear everything you say, right?
Sherlock’s arms tightened around John, keeping him in place. With a pleased hum, John kissed him, still drowsy from his orgasm.
“Who do you think could be behind it?”
Those two are the most stubborn idiots I have ever met. It’s best to let things run their course. They will talk when they’re ready. Can we try that Mongolian place you were talking about?
The receptionist doesn’t move. Rosa lays a hand flat on the counter and leans closer to the receptionist with a death glare.
“Try it again as Edward, not as a smug Holmes.”
Well, I mean, he gave it back.
Watson raised his hands defensively.
“I’ll take Holmes,” Lestrade offered. “Not my first time dealing with him while he’s uh, in this state.”
“Well he’s been doing it alone for years.” John leaned back in his chair, repeating the irritating words his partner kept telling him.
The threat was back in John’s voice. But it was different than earlier. He was clenching his jaw and looking to the left—
Sherlock felt on the edge of the cliff all over again.
Watson enjoyed hearing Ms Adler laugh at that. “But Edward is too caught up in his head to see what’s obvious to the audience, that Jane does feel the same way.” Watson paused, fighting against the lump in his throat. “Edward misunderstands Jane, again, and tries to fix things.” Watson cleared his throat and continued singing.
Holmes spoke to the band to confirm they knew the song and turned to the crowd.
The clerk handed Sherlock the paddle and waited. What was Sherlock supposed to do with it? To prevent looking too lost, Sherlock did the same as he did with the crop, holding it at either end and giving it a bit of an arc. Only the paddle reacted nothing like the crop and barely curved. Sherlock took the handle and tapped the oval part in the palm of his hands a few times. The thick leather gave it a nice weight, and the metal strip inside gave it a nice spring.
Oh my god, I’m going to work a case with Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes dropped character. “Did I hurt you? Are you alright?”
Ms Adler smiled at her. “My dear, you were made for the job.” She winked.
“Ms Adler, how is it working with a D level actor?”
“And what happened to his partner?” John asked nervously. It was obvious by now that she wasn’t going to fill in the blanks of the story without asking directly. She opened her mouth to speak but stopped, her brow furrowed with worry.
Lestrade put down his drink and eyed the other table. From where Watson was sitting, he had a good view of Holmes’ left profile, and the way Ms. Adler was draping herself on him.
“Hm?”
Watson was terrified by what he was about to do, especially in front of everyone. But it couldn’t be helped. This story wouldn’t be the same without Holmes; it made sense that he would be the inspiration for the finale song as well. Watson had taken everything he wanted to say to Holmes and had channelled it into this song, imagining himself as Edward, and Holmes as Jane. Of course, it had to stay within the context of the movie, but he was still rather pleased with the result.
The vision was terrifying to Holmes, he was close enough to see every light diamond hit, leaving a ripple of light like a rock hitting still water, before being absorbed into nothingness.
John frowned. “Isn’t that a load of bullshit?”
“What happened between you and Watson?”
“I appreciate the invitation.” Watson still looked worried. “But I’ll be a bit useless in a foot chase.”
“Have you ever been punched during an interrogation?”
BOYLE
“Tonight,” Watson whispered against his lips.
“Very easily.” Sherlock’s cold stare hit a nerve in John.
“A testimony to my acting skills, then.”
Ha! Sounds like my ex wife.
“How’s your vision?”
“Come on, it’s working, why are you still counting down!” John looked back, noticing the flashing screen that was asking if he wanted to activate the emergency system in the entire Warehouse.
“Don’t be coy. Ms Hawkins told me about Watson storming into rehearsal.”
As angry as he was, John recognised it was the first time Sherlock had used the word please since he had met him. Even though he was starting to realise that the longer he stayed the harder it would be for him to leave, it was also becoming clear that maybe he didn’t really want to leave. As crazy as this all was, he’d never felt so alive.
To Sherlock’s relief and disappointment, the suction stopped. John’s tongue soothed the area, then licked a path up to Sherlock’s ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can I help you?” She said as she looked both men over, curious as to what they could be selling.
“What brought you to Hollywood, anyway?” he asked Lestrade, hoping the story would distract him from his current train of thought.
Wait-
“We have questions regarding your last mission.”
There was a deliberate pause before Holmes’s voice rumbled. “Admit it.”
“No don’t!” Sherlock said in a panicked voice as a ferret appeared in the kettle.
“You never tried to sleep with me.”
A tour of London restaurants, it’s going to look great on my blog.
Sherlock grunted in disgust. “Do not get me involved.”
“We’re going to work on Edward’s posture; how he moves, how he walks. That should lead us to how he talks.”
Watson shook his head. “You mean just now?” He pointed towards the door.
“We should follow Moran.” Holmes cut in as he grabbed another pair of trousers and laid them on the back of a chair.
“Yes?”
“Don’t you fucking dare take a picture,” John slurred.
Wait, no, don’t go.
Holmes straightened. “Come on.” He led them out of the alley and back to the sidewalk.
Jake and Amy are sitting in the car, watching John and Sherlock are on the boardwalk near the museum (museum that is in a boat, on the river) staring out at the river. Jake takes a sip of his blue drink. Amy eyes the blue drink and sighs. Jake frowns, puts down his drink and notices a stain on his sleeve. He tries to covertly rub it away. It does not work.
He chuckled nervously. “A couple, yeah.” He wiped his mouth and took a sip of whiskey. “Why did you take the case, that first night? You said no, then you changed your mind. Why?”
“Well, not exactly...” Stamford shrugged.
LESTRADE
John could feel himself lose it. His normal level of self control had weakened because of the hangover. He wanted this to be as pleasant as it could be, but he certainly wasn’t going to take Sherlock’s bullshit all day. “I have seen a lot of unexplainable things since I became an agent and there’s a lot I don’t understand, mostly because you don’t explain shit to me. I’m just supposed to shut up and follow like a good little soldier. Well now it’s your turn to shut up and listen. If we have any chance at succeeding here, it’s together. So suck it up and do it.” John voice had stayed low; his commanding tone creeping in towards the end. He took a short breath, shifted his weight. “We’ll see what happens and go on from there.”
“But what’s dangerous about it?” John asked, his eyes back on the picture on the screen.
“Yes, I’ll take you home, whatever you want,” he said enthusiastically.
“John, there isn’t much time.” Sherlock insisted, his hand dropping from the artifact as he swayed on his feet.
“Huh?” John asked breathlessly. “Yeah, I could eat.” He added, rubbing his belly. “But shouldn’t we pack first? That way we can get something on the way to the airport.”
I’m sorry Jake.
Molly didn’t hear from them for a week and a half. So, when Sherlock stepped through the lab door without a warning she almost dropped her scalpel into the body she had on the slab.
Watson cleared his throat and turned to Ms Adler. “Did you get the answers you were looking for?”
“You don’t think…”
“Yes,” John repeated more to herself as Sherlock pressed her face against John’s soaked panties. “Oh,
You sure about that?
“Tea.”
Watson shook his head. “I never said because I’ve seen your books, Mike. You can’t afford a risk.”
This story is so silly. So much fun to write.
Mrs Hudson chuckled.
The overwhelming strength of his arousal made Watson instantly regret imagining such things in Holmes’s presence. Watson took a deep breath, held it in five seconds as he stared at the ceiling then gently blew it out. When he looked down he lost his breath. Holmes had opened his eyes. His pupils were dilated as he watched Watson lazily.
Cold open
Mycroft’s demure suddenly became less bored. “What happened?”
“I didn’t get much at the audition since I was blinded by the lights most of the time, but I got a few details about the crew that could potentially be useful.”
“Cut!” Morgan cut in with the bullhorn, addressing Ms Adler once more. “You do realise you can’t just rely on your looks, right? Looks don’t act, toots.”
Watson looked like he was stopping himself from saying something before he nodded.
He smiled fondly at her. “Well, if I’m doomed to go through this, I’m glad it’s with you.”
“Can you at least try to hide how much you don’t care about anything?”
“Watson called an emergency production meeting.”
“Yes, act out the song, the words.” Watson turned to Holmes and Ms Adler. “Could you improvise?”
Ms Hawkins chuckled. “Yes, well, we all try to do our best with what we’re given.”
He crossed the street, and rather than walking up to the black door, John paused. Hands deep in his pockets, he stood on the sidewalk. Sherlock stopped playing and hid behind the curtain to watch. John looked up and down the sidewalk, at the building, eyes travelling along the windows and ending their path on the black door with the crooked knocker once more.
Stamford wiped his face with his handkerchief. “I’ll go talk to Morgan. Lestrade, you better come too.”
“Why did they keep me in there so long? What’s going on?”
John straightened as well and faced his partner. “Did you just-?”
John huffed a laugh and shook his head. “No. No, I don’t. I thought I did, but after what I’ve seen today, I haven’t got a clue.”
Sherlock closed his eyes close, let himself be soothed by John’s soft voice.
“Found it!” Sherlock said triumphantly, his hands still typing on the keyboard. “Here: Beethoven’s clock. It was a present from a piano teacher when he was young. A clock of most exquisite decor it says here. Yes, that’s what I thought.” Sherlock said as a picture of the clock showed up on one of the computer screens in the office. “The bust is missing.” He added as he pointed to the sculpture of Aphrodite sitting atop the clock. “That’s why we couldn’t neutralise it. We need both pieces for the effects to stop.”
“I simply loved No Charge.”
“Good.”
But the only thing Sherlock was focused on was John’s thigh brushing against his own as he stood next to him. He was proceeding with professionalism, his movements steady, clearly repeated thousands of times, but that didn’t stop Sherlock’s body from being hyper aware of every touch. “How much longer is this going to take? I told you, I’m fine.”
“And that lead you to jumping because…?”
His eyes smiled as he looked at John over his shoulder. “Aren’t you?”
Holmes and Peralta.
Jake and Amy are watching Chester untying the barge.
He what?
The afternoon sun was shining through the window, bringing out the auburn hue in Holmes’s dark hair as he looked out onto the street. Stamford was sitting at his desk, reading the paper, when there was a knock on the door.
Holmes continued staring at him in the mirror as a slight flush creeped up his neck. Watson hadn’t raised his voice, barely used any force, he had simply
“So no artifacts.” John pushed the food around his plate. “It doesn’t make sense.” Sherlock scoffed. “No, I mean, there must be a way.”
Shit.
Their footsteps echoed in the almost deserted main hall, somehow making the silence between them stand out.
“No need.”
“It’s been sold and things could get a little more complicated.” He said in a huff.
“Yes, hello Mrs. Hudson.” He answered with a resigned tone.
Boyle and Lestrade jog towards the museum where civilians are evacuating.
“How did
“Ever think you’d be director one day?” Holmes asked with a smirk.
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He knew this experience would have its challenges, that it would push his boundaries, at least that’s what all the websites said. John’s use of force was so sudden that everything in Sherlock screamed to get himself free, to fight John. But that was the point, wasn’t it? To push through the flight or fight response?
“Don’t you have some sort of mind wipe thing?”
Watson was so focused on Holmes’s staring that he didn’t notice Stamford walk over until his arms wrap tightly around him.
“Captain Watson. Turn on the light, we need to talk.”
John ignored Sherlock and aimed at Rebecca. “It doesn’t matter, this is over.” He knew he could make the shot without putting Lily in danger.
“Route.” Sherlock ordered instead, sighing impatiently at the GPS’s slow reaction time.
There was only one door on the second floor. The hinges could be heard softly as it opened to reveal a reasonably large room that contained a double bed, a desk with chair, a sitting chair in front of a window, a cupboard for his clothes and a closet. Everything was in warm colours, set alight with the last rays of light of the day streaming through the muslin curtains.
“John!”
She stood in the lab, body still buzzing with arousal, wondering if she just had a very vivid dream.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “You can ask him yourself.”
John took a step back and crossed his arms. Sherlock watched him weigh his options.
“Friendship?” Stamford looked confused.
“Just show me the clock. And put on gloves this time.” Sherlock spat back.
See you in a few hours.
“That’s it?”
Watson took a deep breath and started singing.
“Did you ever see him again, the soldier who asked for a story?”
John stopped moving.
She felt rather than saw Sherlock spin around and walk away, heard the swish of her beloved coat as the door closed behind her.
Molly had walked into the lab and found John pressed up against the wall, Sherlock’s body trapping her there. John’s eyes were closed, a slight frown within her relaxed face, her mouth open as she breathed heavily. She had one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, her fingers flexed as she scratched Sherlock’s skin through her shirt, hard enough to mark the fabric. The fingers of John’s other hand tangled in Sherlock’s dark curls, holding her in place, face hidden in the crook of John’s neck.
“Warehouse destruction in two minutes.”
“Not at the moment, no.” Sherlock answered, clearly brushing him off. After what had happened yesterday, John didn’t quite know how to react to his partner.
John sniffed and took a small step forward. “Did you just call the murderer clever?”
Stamford was surprised to see Dimmock blush and look away.
“Here, write down your contact information and the address of his office.” Sherlock ushered her out of the office as soon as she was done. “Now let us work.”
“Of course not.” Wiggins chuckled, “Stamford will talk to Watson.”
Amy walks up to Sherlock.
Watson grabbed his tossed aside shirt, cleaning himself and Holmes off quickly before stretching to pull the bedspread off his bed. He laid down next to Holmes and covered them both with it.
BOYLE
“My concerns are founded.” John looked at the makeshift GPS in his hand and couldn’t shake off the idea that it could possibly hurt him. It was as if now, he saw seemingly mundane objects as potentially dangerous. The more inoffensive they seem, the higher the potential of being deadly.
Holmes nodded his goodbye and they ran out of the office, past the reception desk and out the front door. They ran two blocks before stopping to catch their breath in a dark alley.
“If only to prevent boredom.” Holmes looked resigned as he grabbed his coat. “And because I signed a contract.”
After Wilder had done the window frame suggestion, everyone on set had felt comfortable enough to give ideas. Holmes however, had grown comfortable enough that by the end of the first week he was verbalising his ideas constantly.
“Stop it,” Holmes ordered her.
“Neutralizer.” The man answered as the sealed the bag. Watson kept looking at him, finding himself amused that the man considered that an answer.
Watson wanted to kick himself. He had been weak, hadn't thought, hadn't wanted to think about after, about later, about the next day, about now.
I know what you meant. I am not interesting in chit chat, playing games, or trading stories about old cases to pass the time. We’re here to work. That does not require talking, so we’re not going to talk.
With a panicked look, the man slammed the door and ran.
“Great, landlady prophecies.” Sherlock commented sarcastically.
The man had been insufferable these past weeks, but Holmes had to admit he was surprised. He had not seen this coming. And this was while working for Frank Hudson and having to deal with drugs (so pedestrian). What would the puzzle be? Damn him for mentioning it. He knew what effect it would have.
“Your Farnsworth.”
.” The agent argued. “And how was I supposed to know the mother could find a violin teacher for her daughter the same day she got the instrument.”
JOHN (off screen)
“We followed the man on CCTV out of the station and then we lost him on Belgrove street.”
Sherlock pointed to the office door where the words ‘Private Detective’ could be read backwards in the frosted glass.
The elevator doors opened as soon as Sherlock pressed the button. Inside the elevator, beeping could be heard and it was getting louder the lower they went.
“Good morning everyone, thank you for coming. Firstly, let us honour Philip Anderson. It was a pleasure to work with him. He will always be in our hearts. This movie will be dedicated to his memory.” Stamford lowered his head, and wiped his nose with his handkerchief. “But the show must go on.” He looked up. “It was difficult, but we found someone who was up to the task. Gentlemen, may I present our new lead: Sigerson Holmes.”
“Go away.”
“Which means?”
“John? Are you up there?”
“Stamford, listen, we’ve all been affected by Anderson’s death, but
“Ms Adler.” He nodded back.
“But a BDSM shop...”
Holmes’s ideas weren’t the issue, but rather the arguing that came along with them. It wasn’t anything Watson wasn’t able to handle, but it kept him on his toes.
“Then why did you give him the barometer?”
She looked Sherlock up and down, smacked her gum loudly and raised an eyebrow. Seeing how this could quickly turn into the both of them getting kicked out of the club, John dug into his pocket and cleared his throat before sliding a fiver on her tray. She winked at him, looked around and leaned close to John’s ear carefully placing a hand on his chest.
“Well it’s not my fault if you don’t listen when I give you instructions. Now get dressed, we need to go.” Sherlock concluded before turning and walking out of the room, leaving behind a puzzled John.
Don’t they deserve to be loved?
Watson stalled when the detective ran up the remaining stairs to the balcony and stood tall to overlook the stage. The blue-sky backdrop was still there, making the overall effect quite powerful visually. It seemed a pity they were filming in black and white. Watson was struck with the image of this man standing on the edge of a rooftop, looking across the city skyline, ready to face whatever dangers lie ahead. It took Watson a moment to realise he was staring and made himself look away.
Amy elbows Jake in the ribs.
“Eat.”
“What I said? Why?”
Sadly, yes.
BOYLE
“Yeah, we, uh,” John tipped his head a bit. “We put on a little show for the crowd. June, the owner, she likes to call it the staff talent show.”
A rush of footsteps echoed closer.
“John-” Sherlock started only to be cut off by his own grunt of pain. Instead he pointed towards the box Manning had dropped. John carefully let Sherlock lean against the locker before bending down to pick it up and put it in his coat pocket before they continued moving.
They were greeted by valet parking as they drove up to the Indigo Club. Two young men opened their doors and took the keys from Sherlock who didn’t bother to wait for the ticket. With a tight smile, John took the ticket and caught up with his partner.
“Yes, this again.” John spat. “Ever since we went to Portugal you’ve been acting like an asshole, disappearing and leaving me to fight alone while you go bag the artifact.”
“What?” John exclaimed, confused. “The flat hadn’t always looked like this?”
Hours later the room was clean, but the script had been left untouched.
“There was only one copy and it was destroyed when the lab exploded, which would also coincide with the first sightings of the GPS. No, I looked up bank statements, the rest was logical.”
“No, just you.” Ms Adler replied softly. “And Ms Kate of course.” She paused, “But I think Ms Hooper suspects,” she said with a wicked smile. “You?”
It was four in the morning when Watson’s eyes snapped open. Heart beating hard against his chest and head, he quickly became aware of his aching body. It took him a moment to understand he had fallen asleep on the floor.
Well, wasn’t this an interesting development, Mycroft thought at he pulled out his mobile phone and looked through his contacts. He waited patiently for the line to pick up and smiled when it did.
Is Lestrade somehow making Boyle a little bit hotter? Oh my God what did I just say?
Stamford looked pleased by this question. “We’ve removed the staircase completely from set. And we’ve made everyone on the cast and crew follow a course on safety and accident prevention, as well as basic first aid.”
A small smile pulled at John’s lips as he looked at the mirror. “Not for a bondage class.”
“Then he killed himself.”
Sherlock is about to answer when Gina cuts him off.
“Yes, I noticed.” Sherlock muttered with an eye roll.
“Don’t take it personally; I wasn’t expecting you to figure it out.” Sherlock told him offhandedly and he stippled his hands against his chin.
Sherlock stood with the hilt at his hip, his blade facing up and forward. “You’re not too bad for a nine hundred year old hollow suit.”
Holmes kept his back to Watson, hand on the door knob. “No need.”
“She’s still a valuable asset to have as a contact, especially if you need to keep this place running after the hostile takeover. Why burn that bridge?”
It’s nothing against you sir, I just, I mean, it’s Sherlock Holmes--
John knelt in front of Sherlock. “Hey, can you look at me?”
“You were grieving your wife so you decided to write her into a story and kill her?”
There was something about Holmes’s delivery that emphasized how the word was inadequate to describe his sentiment, but also told Watson how much the song had meant to him.
“I was thinking more along the lines of showing my older brother I can take care of myself just fine on my own, thank you very much.” Ms Adler laughed, and they locked eyes before Holmes continued. “I just want to be free to live my life as I see fit.” Holmes said sombrely before looking at Ms Adler and smiling. “But I guess I could also help people.”
“I’ll get something there.” John answered evasively before walking out of the flat, missing his partner’s perplexed look.
It had started a few weeks ago.
They abandoned their search of the infirmary, and after Holmes changed out of his costume they headed to Stamford’s office. They found Ms Rosie’s address in the accounting books and didn’t have to wait long for Lestrade to join them.
Ms Hooper blushed. “A bit smug, yes.”
Watson’s jaw clenched as his mind filled with memories of that day. His eyes went cold as he stared straight ahead and recited. “From what I could tell by the size of the blood pool around Anderson, about ten minutes after it happened. Lestrade had already called the police and cleared a perimeter around the body. We evacuated everyone out of the studio and after confirming there was nothing we could do to save Anderson, I went to help take care of the few people on set that were in shock.”
“Oh, don’t give me that crap. Whether or not what happened was my fault, I’m not going to stand around and let a psychopath go around blowing up civilians. No. Either I do it on my own, or I do it as a Warehouse agent.”
“Moscow.” He specified.
Sherlock looked down and remained that way while John bandaged him.
“Yes, Captain.”
“Well, yes but,” Watson explained, “She was one of those in shock.”
“Proceed. Over.” Talley answered.
Holmes shook his head. “What?”
“Love makes people miserable. Drives to self-harm, or to hurt those they love. I’ve solv… read about enough murders in the papers that were motivated by love to know that-”
“Finally, you’re here. Look at these and tell me what you see.”
“Until what time?”
Amy snaps herself out of her daze.
She nodded, clearly pleased.
BOYLE
Watson blinked. “That’s… a great idea.”
“You most certainly do.” She winked and disappeared into her dressing room.
“Are you saying you prefer I deduce the information rather then you telling me?”
“He’s here.” Was all Watson heard him say before he hung up, bowed and left. Watson began to wonder why a secret branch of the government would be in this particular place and what it could possibly have to do with his suspension. The woman that appeared in his flat with the man who told him to come here walked in the foyer entrance. Her attention was still on her phone. She didn’t look up when she told him to follow her. She led him through the hall to a large bureau where she instructed him to sit down in one of the two dark red leather chairs facing each other, a steaming pot of tea and biscuits on the table between them. He looked around the room, deciding he could at least enjoy it while it lasted.
“That’s not the point!” The former soldier didn’t know what he could possibly say to make his partner understand. “Every time we talk about a plan, well, no, I talk, you look around with a smart look on your face; you just disappear and leave me to figure it out alone.
“Balance of probability. It’s a good place to meet people.”
“And I told you, artifacts are part organic, so is the Warehouse, hence the soul sharing with Mycroft.” Speaking of Mycroft.
Sherlock shouldn’t be insisting, this was dragging on for much longer than it needed to. But there was something about how John’s eyes went half-closed at his plea, before glancing at the door.
SHERLOCK
“Don’t you dare tell me to settle! I know writers. Good ones.”
“Yeah well this music is getting a bit irritating. Would you mind getting on with it?”
“Come here.”
“Morning Stamford, Morgan wants to know if-” She cut herself off, noticing the scripts on the desk. “The studio could get a bit of a clean before afternoon rehearsals?”
Anderson’s eyebrow rose and after a beat he looked up into her eyes. “Right, of course. Come on in.” He stepped aside, holding the door open for her.
“What?” Neeson answered without looking back.
“Do what?” Holmes asked.
“Oh dear, I haven’t laughed this much in ages.”
“Look, this is clearly an expendable tertiary character once we’ve gotten the information we need to move the story along. To do that, we’re supposed to, uh, roughen him up a little.”
Sherlock wasn’t quite sure what happened then, but something inside him let go.
“You listening now?”
John was concerned with his partner’s excitement. Anything sent via an artifact did not have a pleasant
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s not-” Sherlock was taken aback by how the conversation had taken a turn for the worst. John’s medical history was one of the reasons that had convinced Mycroft, shouldn’t that make him proud?
“He asked to have Watson fired, which I told him was out of the question,” Stamford said more for Watson’s benefit than Holmes’s.
“And when you’re done with your game, what do you suggest we do?”
“A staged
Watson eyes widened. “What?”
“Jesus f-“
You do understand I’m a police officer and that pickpocketing is a crime?
“Ten seconds to Warehouse destruction.”
“No,” he replied quickly and realised his mistake. “No, I’m good, fine.”
Please tell me Jake is not asking Sherlock Holmes for dating advice right now.
Not only did they have a nice evening for the first time since their first case, but they had laughed. Not the whole time, but still. They had actually laughed together. Not because they were high on adrenaline but because they were enjoying each other’s company. John still wasn’t sure what exactly had triggered it, but they seemed to have finally arrived at some sort of middle ground.
“Perfect.” He padded Wilder on the back. Watson then turned to Ms Hooper. “Call it.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock turned, only now noticing John had already put down his bag and hung his coat. He was wearing jeans, and a plaid shirt with a black jumper. Not really what Sherlock had pictured. Not after his visit to the shop, and certainly not after having done research on the subject. Perhaps John had planned to change here. What was that look in his eye? Was he waiting for Sherlock do something? Was there a special greeting? Should he make tea? Or kneel?
Sherlock hesitated when she saw how uncomfortable this was making John but then again, she was the one insisting. So Sherlock just went for it.
Into battle.
Oh God, and he had to work with him now. This was absurd. There must be a way to get out of this.
“Fifteen minute break everyone,” she called with the bullhorn. “Fifteen minutes.”
“Now.”
Watson’s eyes widened, surprise and hurt mixing together as he watched Holmes head to the door. He looked like he was about to say something before changing his mind. Just turned and left without a word.
So 1940s detective story it was. He’d always loved the genre, remembering when he used to read them well into the night as a young teenager. A part of him had always wanted to know what it was really like living in the US in that era. He was doing his best to put aside the turmoil of his day and concentrate on the words on the page, when he heard Mrs. Hudson’s door open and her kitten heels walk up to the staircase.
Lestrade cut in. “It’s not.”
Sherlock hadn’t thought of that avenue. The same principle could be applied at the shop. This was definitely worth looking into.
Holmes took off his jacket and stretched, hands almost touching the ceiling. After a breath he let his arms spread wide, making the buttons of his shirt threaten to pop. Watson leaned against the closed the door and watched Holmes’s lean form arch and stretch. the sight making him forget what he wanted to tell Holmes.
Watson frowned as he trailed off. There was something about those words, the way they sounded. Ms Adler had said them earlier.
“What’s the next one?”
“Yes?”
“And now it requires leg work so you’re giving it to me, how thoughtful.” Sherlock replied as he took the folder with a fake smile. Mycroft ignored his childish taunt and turned to John to explain further.
That got a reaction out of Sherlock.
“So, do you think it’s a kidnapping or did Carson disappear to save himself?”
“Caretaker?”
They traced back their steps into the studio, only to find Watson’s cane was gone.
There was something he wanted to do with this information, he just wasn’t sure what yet. Still too much LSD to figure it out.
Letting the neutraliser do its job on the surrounding artifacts, restoring the peace in the form of purple rain.
Holmes smirked. “You want to go accidently bump into Elizabeth Taylor?”
“Yeah.” John answered tightly as he looked to Sherlock for a clue as to what to say. Had Mycroft guessed what had happened with the second one or had he just seen they had brought back two?
“Well you did bring back milk.” Sherlock grinned making John chuckle. Clearing his throat, John was about to reply when the computer pinged loudly. Sherlock stood from his chair and walked rapidly towards the computer, John not far behind him.
“I thought it was good, but apparently I’m the only one who did...” Holmes muttered to himself.
And that thought, that glimmer of hope, made it impossible for Watson to stay there, and wake up next to Holmes as if it were the most normal thing in the world. Because it wasn’t, how could it be?
“That bad?” Sherlock smiled tightly.
BOYLE
John rolled his eyes. “Right. I’m assuming this person is qualified?”
“And you completed the team as their Captain: a good leader, field surgeon, shooter, good close combat fighter and always calm in the face of danger. A perfect search and rescue team.” Mycroft surmised. John’s eyes seemed to look far away at something that wasn’t there. He smiled sadly before continuing.
Holmes noted Watson’s fatigue, anxiety, and apprehension, but was pleased to see no hesitation when he moved to hug him.
“That’s what I said!” John confessed excitedly, paying no attention to Sherlock’s patient sigh.
“Sherlock!” John screamed as he ran, both hands pushing his partner away as his legs propelled him into the air, effectively shielding him with his body.
Sherlock hesitated with a playful smile. “More or less.”
While Holmes shuffled down the bed to the foot lamp, Watson moved the chair closer to the bed and laid his stitching supplies on it. He stood in front of Holmes and gently tilted his head back before angling the light towards his wound, blinding him in the process.
“We’ve talked about this; you can’t keep going around doing whatever the hell you want.”
Okay. Whatever you want. It’s all fine.
“Does this mean we’re going to Moscow? Get tickets at a decent hour this time, will you?”
The next few minutes were a blur, and when Molly had finished cleaning up the mess, she glanced at Sherlock. She had a slight frown, the one she had when she was working on a case, trying to figure out a problem.
Sherlock and John follow Terry out of the bullpen.
“What?” He asked, confused.
Amy points to the multiple signs around the coins that refer to the legend, including pictures of the movie.
“Oh shit that is cold.” Slowly, his teeth stopped chattering as his body acclimated to the artifact. “Oh.” He exclaimed as he suddenly understood what he needed to do.
John’s smug look didn’t help Sherlock find the words, nor did it prevent a blush from spreading across his face.
“Three hours. Four tops!” He answered as the elevator doors opened.
He closed his mouth.
“Yes, sir?”
“Don’t you fucking dare take a sample.”
Boooring.
Sherlock didn’t even register her hand crumbling up the paper and dropping it in the trash.
. “Well, she keeps her private life very private. We didn’t find much.”
SHERLOCK
Holmes couldn’t describe he joy he felt when he saw Watson smile fondly. “Are you alright?”
There was a collective gasp, the loudest coming from Ms. Adler. It took them a moment for the music to stop, not until the first screams were heard.
“Are you aware there were two other bodies found with the exact M.O.?”
“Especially if that artifact
“Sorry, what?” Watson asked first.
Did you lose them already?
I like her.
Morgan looked in deep thought. He nodded to Ms Hawkins.
“No.”
The procedure was different then what Stamford was used to. The room was filled with movie journalists, but also the criminal investigation crowd. And instead of a table with individual microphones, all they had was a podium that Jones seemed to have decided was his personal property. He had almost seemed angry to have to move aside to let Stamford speak.
“Abbott, Lilly Abbott. My husband-”
Their eyes met, making them burst out laughing again.
“I’m going through every ping we’ve had in that area in the last two years.”
Leave before I call your Captain.
“The look.”
Ms Hooper looked simultaneously relieved and disappointed. She squeezed Holmes’s forearm encouragingly and headed back to her seat. Ms Adler slipped out of her seat and made her way towards Holmes as if stalking her prey. She walked past him, her finger sliding along his chest as she moved to her mark.
Holmes looked down, almost embarrassed.
A few minutes later he slammed his script onto the desk, jolting everyone in the room.
“How about knocking first?”
Dimmock, Wiggins, Holmes and Ms Hooper had already in the rehearsal studio when Ms Hawkins stepped in.
“Trained eye.” His partner answered smugly.
“Stamford, I know how this sounds, but please, bear with me.” Lestrade took a deep breath. “Back in London, when I was a detective for Scotland Yard, I had a… colleague.”
Holmes looked up, trying to see Ms Rosie but he was distracted by something shining over his head. He looked up and was surprised to find he could see light coming out of the bulb. Or rather he could see each individual atom that composed light. They seemed white at first, but when taking a closer look, Holmes noticed the effect was because of the trail each atom left behind them. Like the condensation behind an airplane, leaving a line of white smoke behind it. Only the light wasn’t white, it was composed of the full spectrum of colours, giving the impression of a bright white. The speed mixed with the briefest glances of colour was what gave the shining effect, as if the atoms consisted of diamonds reflecting and refracting light. Holmes’s face broke into amazement as he watched the phenomenon happen within the cone of light created by the lampshade.
“John, quickly!”
“John.” Sherlock handed him the note and looked around the empty street.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. “What?”
Ms Adler cut in with a scoff. “To prepare for his audition, he learned three songs, including choreography, in three days.” She leaned back in her seat. “And you know me boys, I don’t work with just anybody.”
Holmes stopped his Edward walk and slowly turned to Ms Hawkins. He had been nervous about this, his Edward American accent. He already felt like his own sounded a bit off, and felt like he should change it a bit when he played Edward.
“But going on the theory that it has-”
Watson felt like time had stopped. Did he?
Watson eyed his cane. “I got shot.” He stared at his plate. He didn’t want to see Lestrade’s pity.
“Do you understand what happened in there?”
He looked at her nervously.
“No. No, I mean, of course it’s important, it’s just…” Watson pinched the bridge of his nose. This was getting confusing.
“Nothing.”
“John.” He handed it to him and looked around the empty street.
Holmes didn’t respond, just moved closer to the containers, slowly taking one out to inspect it and try to read the label in the darkness. To Watson’s surprise, he even smelled it before putting it back in its place. Holmes then took a step back and counted the crates. Without a word he climbed out of the truck.
But any hope Sherlock had of focusing on the case was lost as soon as he sat in the cab. His arse was still tender. The vibrations of the cab caused the skin of his arse to throb, like an echo of the beating it had received. The more he focused on the pain, the more everything dropped away. It was so… peaceful.
“Lineup?”
Holmes grabbed his arm and manoeuvred them back towards the fence, squeezing them both in the corner of the fence. They crouched in an attempt to see under the trucks, in case they needed to move to prevent getting caught.
Sherlock’s question seemed so absurd to John that he shook his head. “What?”
“And the worst part is, I can’t say anything! I’m supposed nod and smile like an idiot. It’s horrendous.”
Watson raised an eyebrow. “You’ve never done something crazy for love?”
He caught his coat with a grin and listened to Sherlock tell the story of how he saved the restaurant owner from the Tanto Blades he had bought at a charity auction and got him out of a murder charge. He had eaten for free ever since.
That was when Watson spotted the marks on his neck. The marks he had made just a few hours ago. A shiver went down his back as memories washed over him, simultaneously making the ache in his chest grow. Watson looked away when he realised he probably had marks too and readjusted his collar.
“Yes.” The word came out with the breath he didn’t know he was holding.
“Warning, five minutes until total destruction of the Warehouse.” Mycroft’s robotic voice rang loudly in the sound system.
They returned shortly after with what could only be assumed was the nurse, with her white dress and bonnet with the red cross on her short curly blond hair. She was holding a small glass of chalky white water.
“Just doing our job,” Ms Adler replied offhandedly as she leaned back in her seat, her shoulder pressing up against Ms Kate’s.
“Six, Captain.”
“But,” Lestrade worried as he pointed behind himself. “He wasn’t in his dressing room.”
Look, we just want to help--
“Ready. Over.” Rogers said on the coms, but he was looking at Jones. The LED changed to green and they walked in. The civilians in the lab didn’t scream, but as soon as they saw the four soldiers dressed in full combat gear with heavy artillery, they backed away from what they were doing.
“Getting ready to meet the client.”
Stake-out time!
“Only that’s not why I’m here.”
Sherlock and John’s eyes lock. Amy and Rosa watch silently. Jake looks from John to Sherlock.
You hungry? I know this great little Korean BBQ place a few blocks up.
“That’s right.” Lestrade confirmed.
But Let Me Live had turned into an homage to his platoon. He had rewritten the ambush, included himself in the story, and they had all survived. Watson could see each one of them in every line and wished he could talk to them one last time. Watson had let the tears roll down his cheeks, had let himself shout in anger, until he had been too tired to continue. Only then had he taken a deep breath, looked up at the ceiling before nodding once.
“Exceeded expectations?”
“Beg your pardon?”
John looks up at the cabin and tries to take aim and fires two shots before lowering his gun.
She bit her lip.
Ms Rosie smiled at Anderson, who returned it with difficulty, stress seeping through his features. “Mr Anderson,” She offered him the glass. “This is an antacid with a light opiate, to help with nerves. It’s often prescribed by doctors. I kept the dose light so that it doesn’t affect your balance for dancing.”
“Well I’ll be.” John said with mocked surprise before chuckling.
“Yes. Very much so.”
Especially anger.
“No, its fine, really, it’s just... Well, it’s just so... sudden. And rather out of character for you.”
Rosa and John silently look around at the boardwalk and museum. Rosa sees one man come around the corner of the museum.
A fast one.
There was a pause before they heard Watson’s newspaper being lowered. Lestrade, Stamford and Watson eyed one another before turning to Holmes.
“Good.” The word slipped out before Watson could stop it.
.” John’s tone was a clear warning. He knew the tall bastard had figured it out and was just making a scene of it. Well, he sort of deserved to enjoy it, even though he also kind of didn’t if you think about his behavior this past week.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered after a pause. He could work around the truth.
“You’re a human being, you must have-”
Ms Hawkins nodded and turned to Holmes. “We have ten days to get you ready to shoot. Let’s figure out a rehearsal schedule and what we should prepare for the audition.”
John’s voice was soft, worried. Sherlock was about to nod but reminded himself he needed to be honest. He shrugged instead.
It was fascinating, how those words made Sherlock heady. Judging by that sly smile, John enjoyed the effect as well.
to me.” He complained, not noticing the taller man’s head snap up.
Sherlock stared. This woman, who
“I’m not a threat; I’m the opposite of a threat.” The man repeated, sounding more and more like an overgrown child.
“I was. Field Surgeon.”
“Enough,” Stamford ordered before the conversation deteriorated any further.
John’s command rang against the blaze.
You better. The fate of true love lies in your hands. My office, five minutes. We need to prepare you for tonight.
This was unexpected.
Her cheeks flamed red almost instantly. “No trouble at all.”
“I’m telling you now. Next time you get divorced, try not to let it affect your work so much.” Sherlock picked a lint from his coat sleeve. “I would have expected a quick skim of the credit card receipts from Anderson, but not from you.”
“Figured you’d just trip ‘em with your cane as they ran by,” Lestrade said with a wink.
John is tying up Chester, who is leaning against a crate.
“So no sequel?”
“No, Lysergic Acid Diethylamide.”
Sherlock noted the tense tone in John’s voice. This was where things got tricky.
Oh hey! Is it over already?
Holmes rolled his eyes and turned to Lestrade. “Did you get the bloodwork yet?”
“Make it chocolate, love.” He called, sinking in his seat, and nursing his coffee.
John pursed his lips to hide his amused smirk. He didn’t want to encourage the bastard. “You’re a dick, you know that?”
“Leather, just like the first one, but stiffer.” John handed it to Sherlock to inspect.
She took a deep breath, stepped forward, and looked through the window.
“Fuck!” John exclaimed as he stood up, wanting to run after him, but when he took one look at Sherlock he knew something was terribly wrong. “Sherlock, what was that thing he put on you? Are you ok?” Still holding the riding crop, he moved to Sherlock’s side.
. When she was home she had her hands down her pants more often than not. Imagining what Sherlock would look like on her knees with thighs wrapped around her head. How her hair would look with John’s fingers buried in her curls as she tugged lightly, or not so lightly. How John would sound as she orgasmed…
Sherlock opens his door.
There was a murmur amongst the crew and as Watson held the pose to figure out what he was about to say, laughter began to break out.
Holmes opened the passenger door for Ms Adler, and as soon as she stepped out the fans started screaming. She was dressed in an emerald green dress, complete with a black fur boa to cover her shoulders. A perfect look for a star on the red carpet.
“This again. You gave me a file, what do you think I’m going to do while I’m reading it?” He told the unmoving figure. He couldn’t help it, with what Mrs. Hudson had told him and the evidence in that file, this artifact had the possibility to render Sherlock completely volatile. He was curious why Sherlock chose to show him the file instead of explaining it to him. He understood how telling the story could be difficult, but the file was, well, almost personal. “So we can’t touch it, push it off a shelf or send it instructions... Have you used artifacts on it?”
Like a moth drawn to a flame, the artifact spread across every fiber of John’s being, focused on the anger and fanned it, making it burn into rage. Heartbeat accelerated, body temperature higher than average, pupils dilated, John cried out as if he was about to run into battle.
“I don’t mind flying. It’s the other passengers I mind.”
“Why not?”
“Good, so, what can you tell me about your Edward?” she asked, elbow on the table as she leaned her head on her hand, eager for his response.
“I can’t help it. I keep thinking I’m going to wake up and you’ll have been a dream.” Stamford repeated and pulled back, hands squeezing Holmes’s arms. “Morgan is going to love you.”
“So she’s spending all of your inheritance money, and how is that my problem?” Sherlock retorted, seeing through the man’s act. The man hesitated a moment but kept moving towards the agent.
“Obviously. Now stop taunting me and tell me.”
“I wasn’t running.”
LESTRADE
Sherlock ignores Amy’s staring by looking at John, who is still annoyed with Sherlock so he's looking anywhere but at him. Jake looks between Sherlock and Amy confused.
can do.”
“Did I stutter?” The man stared at Watson.
“Of course I’m right.”
However, he had not anticipated that his stage directions made Jane stare straight at him at the end. She couldn’t look directly at the camera, and Watson was sitting next to the lens. It made sense that she would focus on him, but the deep look of sadness and longing was still intense to experience.
John had that look again, the one where he wanted to say something but didn't. Sherlock was too distracted by how close they were to deduce what John might be holding back. If only John turned just a bit more—
it arrives. That and mailing artifacts... well, let’s just say the faster we get to it, the smaller the mess.” Sherlock’s face was thunderous.
Holmes kept his eyes closed after the kiss, opening them just before answering, “Tonight.”
“Right, now, to be able to do this, you need to know Edward as if he were a real man. How he talks, how he walks, his likes, his dislikes, without falling into caricature.” She flipped opened the script to the scene where the audience meets Edward for the first time. “Now, based on what you’ve read in the script, tell me about Edward.”
When Ms Hawkins called places. Holmes walked to his mark and rolled his shoulders. When he looked up, he stared directly at Watson. He felt like he was being caught spying on Holmes, but a part of him was thrilled he had been spotted. Watson gave him a small nod and was pleased when Holmes nodded back.
“You’re a good writer.”
“She overreacted.” Sherlock defended himself when heard violin coming from the corridor on their left. They ran towards the sound, slowing down at every door on their way.
Sure.
Holmes finished opening one of the boxes they were supposed to carry to the trucks, finding stacks of paper with tiny stars printed on them.
John and Rosa sit silently in the car.
“I didn’t even do anything reckless today. I even called you when I found it.”
"25 seconds left in the corridor, take the first door on your left. Civilians inside. Over.”
“Sherlock?”
“I’m not avoiding it; I’m taking a different approach.”
“I’m just imagining Mycroft reading a romance novel out loud.” John huffed a laugh at the image. “Come on now; I’m fairly certain that Sherlock making a little girl cry isn’t enough to set off the emergency neutralizer.” Mrs. Hudson insisted.  John took a moment to think of how to sum up the past six weeks.
Watson glanced at Holmes, who was blushing and mouthing ‘sorry’ to him.
“God, how I loathe repeating myself. My methods are more efficient; you’re new to the job, you’ll get it eventually.”
Morgan frowned. “Are we still talking about the movie?” he whispered to Ms Hawkins, who shrugged, unable to look away.
“I’m fine, I can walk.” Holmes tried to stand and stumbled.
“Just grab his arm, you lazy bastard,” Murray replied impatiently.
viral artifacts. The point is, you don’t get infected, you get affected, but sometimes the effects are, well, peculiar, like glowing-”
“There, yes, right th-
Gratefully, they didn’t speak during the cab ride. Sherlock was on his Farnsworth and John focused on the passing streets.
John nodded. “Captain in the RAMC.”
“Let’s hear it then.” John shifted on the desk to face Mycroft, crossed his arms and looked expectantly at the Caretaker.
John, Sherlock and Lestrade walk to the elevator. Sherlock looks back.
“It was good but, not like that.”
“Try to seduce me.”
John ignored him and tucked his weapon in the back of his trousers as he finished inspecting the armoire. “Oh, car keys.” He jiggled the keys before pocketing them. He looked up and watched Sherlock look himself over in the window’s reflection. As he combed his fingers through his hair, John remembered the head injury. “Let me take a look at your head and we can go.”
Gina slaps Boyle.
Give her the keys.
The "case".
“Bit not good, yeah,” Watson fought off the urge to laugh.
“Oh.” Holmes was relieved, and a bit disappointed he had missed that about her, but acted surprised. “
Tightening his grip on the handle, John steadied himself and swung like a baseball bat, hitting the surface and cracking it like a hardboiled egg, but that’s all it was, cracked.
Sherlock kept a slow but steady rhythm with her fingers as she moved down John’s body, kissing and tasting the delicate skin along the way. Inevitably, she indulged in John’s breasts when she reached them, having stared and wondered about their density and texture so many times before. Sherlock had made an educated guess, based on their few hugs and physical encounters (i.e. wrestling), but never had she had the chance to bask in her bosom like now.
“I’ll be there, remember?” Lestrade offered.
“What’s the other reason?”
“Oh thank you, thank you so much.” She said as she stood, her hands worrying her clutch as she walked towards them. “What would I ever do without you?”
“What? Doing inventory? Is this a joke?”
“Huh. South Dakota.” Sherlock read out loud, zooming in on the location. John moved closer, half sitting on the desk. Sherlock looked at his partner’s reflection in the screen. Twice in one day, this man, this small deceiving man had surprised him and given him the key. He didn’t want to fight his smile.
“Lovely.” Ms Hawkins strutted to the desk. “Should I bring these to rehearsal?” She pointed to the new scripts and smiled.
Thanks again to @nautilicous, Fox Courage and Zala for saying YES to participating in this project. You are the best and can't wait to thank you again in person next summer.
“Nope,” John closed his eyes. “I can’t look at you right now.” He blew out a breath as he looked up at the ceiling instead.
To smash the emergency button, making the sprinklers go off,-
“It’s more than a case.”
“I’m not going to just sit here and not say anything. We’re all thinking it.” Ms Hawkins waved her hand around the table as she leaned back in her chair.
Once his breathing had calmed, John laid his head back down and closed the unanswered Farnsworth.
“No, it’s fine, thank you.” Sherlock breathed as John moved away to dump the melted ice into the sink.
Watson found it amusing Holmes had to ask that.
John let his head hang, a bit discouraged, but a smile was tugging at his lips. He couldn’t blame Sherlock, seeing what he had said about the man in his many interrogations. But if he had come to him, John probably would have said yes. Well, after a lot of explanations. And proof. But one thing was certain. Once he would have stepped foot in the Warehouse, John would have said yes and ended up exactly where he was now.
“Incredible.” John said with the same awed tone as the woman.
“Oookay.”
Lifting the plank to chin height, John aimed it at the silly string and blew. A puff of cold air raised from the end of the plank, growing steadily and freezing anything in its path, specifically the silly string, turning from bright pink to a pale shade of blue that shimmered in the lights.
LESTRADE
Maybe tomorrow morning.
John placed Sherlock near the edge of the bed where he was standing. When he took a step closer, he pressed against Sherlock’s side, and his cock bumped into Sherlock’s.
I didn’t mean--
“Right.” Sherlock said as he looked around the room. “Well, better get started then.” He said with a fake smile to the man before he turned to John who nodded at him and took a box next to him to look into it. Sherlock went on the other side of the room to search.
Holmes didn’t reply, just closed the box, and then headed over to Watson. “What did you find?
