I remember. After a several hours drive on the backseat of your Impala, I was so happy to finally arrive. Pent-up behind you and your brother, while I only really heard half of your conversations. The music from the old radio whirred in my ears and the sun glared at me through the stained window. The only ray of hope were your brief looks through the rearview mirror. I couldn't see your face, only the small section the mirror allowed, like a distorted idea of your eyes that failed them completely.
Bert’s face fell as though he’d taken a death blow. Or was going in for the kill himself. “Well, I… don’t. I just always thought… I never even thought about that. But even as werewolves, they were still my family, right? They’d want me to join them. They wouldn't wanna kill me.“
He handed Dean the plastic bag with his favorite everything. A bacon-cheeseburger, fries, and apple pie. He watched the hunter’s every move. Cas was scared in a way, or tense, hoping he’d gotten everything right.
And when Dean asked to question a couple of the patients, and the nurse agreed, Cas went to walk after Dean again, following him around. Like a damn puppy on a leash.
As you walked in, all worried and disturbed, I only gazed up at you with my eyes clouded and seeing my surroundings through some sort of haze. I felt numb and weary, tired and exhausted from all the misery inside me that didn't seem to be obscured, though, no matter how hard I tried. I had reached a new low in the never ending story of the disaster that is my life. Bad luck had struck and hit me again and some part of me wished it would finally be me who died and not everyone around me. But then again, bad luck was something I seemed to radiate like the sun its light. And every time I lost someone I seemed to grieve a little harder and worse and to be a little more unable to cope with it. My tried and tested method of handling such things appeared to be over the hill, for it just didn't want to work anymore.
“What?“ Dean asked.
The feeling demanded to be felt.
“But you still have them, Cas.“
“Cas?“ a bit louder. I did a few steps backwards into the hallways, made myself visible, first for the world, then for you.
Then again, he was literally trapped in the bunker. There was no way to escape this heat or the darkness around him or the bitter feeling of someone closing in on him. But this bunker was huge, he could wander around as much as he wanted. He could hide in a different corner every hour and still have enough corners left by the morning. So it didn't really make sense to him that he felt like sitting in a small box. The walls everywhere seemed to come closer by the second and the few lamps still working seemed like spotlights highlighting his misery.
“Right. So I had this idea in my head,“ Sam began.
“Hello,“ I interrupted the silence raspy and weird.
“Thanks, Cas,“ you finally said, but for a moment I didn’t know for what, “for the Scotch, I mean“
And it filled me with everything I could dare to ask for, that the first thing you did, after you had entered your bunker, was to look for me. As if you needed me to recharge, to come home, to fully arrive. To really know you’re save. And I can be that for you. Your peace pole.
The man clapped his hands once. His eyes bore into Dean’s and the world around them seemed to blur into nothingness. Sam and Cas weren’t even there anymore, at least Dean thought so. He only saw the man in front of him, with his arrogant smirk and his fancy appearance and that strange crackle that moved with him and seemed to cause all that impossible light on his skin. Was that an angel?
The angel sat down opposite to him and gave him a thin smile.
Cas’ hand moved from the shoulder towards the hunter’s chest and hovered there. Just in time he thought better of it than to touch him anywhere that wasn’t his shoulder. His face built all the questions he wanted to shoot at Dean, demanding all the things Dean was and did and could. There was a particular flash in the blue pair of eyes that said
“Thanks, Cas,“ Dean said, his voice no more than a scratch in the sand.
That burning something rose inside his chest and he rubbed the back of his neck, as though that way he could communicate with it. He needed to remember who he was and what he felt and why he was angry. And when he shook his head again and cleared his throat his voice was hoarse when he said, “What are you doing out here?“
Sam had cleaned up the garage alone. He was a little worried about Cas, so he had ended up ordering the angel to sleep it off. As he walked down the hallway back to his room, he passed a door that was standing open. His eyes darted inside and found their friend. It was one of many bedrooms in the bunker, but some weeks ago they had decided that it was now alone Castiel’s room.
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose with thumb and index finger and closed his eyes.
Castiel was sitting on his bed. The blood on his face had been washed away, some of it dried on his white shirt. He had his head lowered and was staring at his folded hands. He remained silent.
Castiel turned and found Sam in the doorway, his eyes trailing away in the chaotic and wet state of their garage.
“Cas, you need to see this,“ I said, holding up the newspaper in my hand. I sat down beside you, feeling the pleasant touch of your body against mine, feeling like I had awoken from a year of sleep and no touch whatsoever. I held out the newspaper, the front page holding the article I was talking about.
Dean fell into a chair in the library and sighed. It must have around 90 degrees already and he wondered if that was that Anansi guy’s doing. And if it was, was he watching right now? Dean could imagine him sitting there in his fancy suit with his arrogant smirk. Watching them sweating puddles and stains into their clothes, like they were some animals in the zoo.
Dean. The Dean who was dangerous and violent and so much in pain that he didn't know where to put it and how to cope. He didn’t want to acknowledge the monster. But Cas knew he was the right person to let it out on. To help Dean.
I stood up. Perhaps I hoped for you to be surprised. But you were absorbed in your food and every single molecule of its taste. And that was okay, because I know how much you love to eat. Even when every fibre of my body wanted to stay, I knew I had to go. Not for you. For myself. There were thoughts to be thought and feelings to be felt. There were things I had to do. Important things. And I had to do all of it alone. Who knows, maybe your current pretend indifference was big enough for you to not care about it, but maybe it was little enough to alienate you even more. Because you wouldn’t like them and I wasn’t ready to explain to you what you don’t understand. Because there are things you didn’t need to know about, things I did for you, and only for you. And in the end, we all have things we hold on to, things we want no one to know about. Then again, there’s always someone, who knows.
It was the day after, when I found you packing in your room again. Unnoticed I stood in the doorway and watched you cramming stuff and things in your bag. Almost hurried, almost too fast to be true. Again I was scared. Again I didn't want you to go. But it was a completely different, fully new kind of fear. I didn't fear for your safety, I feared for the safety of our thing. I feared movement could change something. Like the fly on the surface of the water and a mild breeze that gets the water into motion just a little bit and threatens the tension and forces the fly to flee, so it wouldn't drown. So fragile were we, so new and threatened. The breeze was here and I was so scared of the movement, I really was.
It seemed Sam had been poring over something for the past half hour, his eyes staring ahead with no focus and his arm resting by the window. He gave Bert a side look, then looked away again.
“Dean“
Now, Dean didn’t know why exactly he didn't want Castiel to heal him. Maybe he didn't think it was necessary. Maybe he didn't want him to use up his grace for something so unimportant. Maybe he thought he didn't deserve to feel better.
“What,“ he slurred out and coughed again, “happened?“
“Listen, Cas,“ you said, and I listened, “it’s just a little job. We don’t actually need you with this, Sam and I gonna handle it“
there something?“
“No,“ Cas whispered, leaned away, fixing the floor again. Then, more determined, “No.“
Bert raised his brows. “I wanna talk to you, though“
Dean turned off the engine of his car and cleared his throat. He fumbled with his black tie and watched a particularly uninteresting spot on the lawn. He felt uneasy. Concentration seemed to be slipping out of him like sweat in summer, as he was trying hard to focus on anything but the man sitting shotgun.
a face after all. It stared down at him.
Cas did, too, agree with him. And even when that wasn’t so much of a surprise, it still surprised Dean to find them looking at him with some sort of expectation and listening to him, so easily. When had that happened? It struck him, having everyone’s ears — at least those of the ones that counted — so suddenly and without even having to raise his voice and get irritated and be a threat. He didn’t know what to do with that. It was their only angle to go at this right then, but Dean felt like no matter how obvious the things he suggested were, they never really got heard until they’d tried everything else first.
“Agent Starsky, FBI,“ Dean said after clearing his throat. He showed him his fake badge and gave the guy his most convincing, stern look. “You mind answering a few questions about the incidents in this hospital, Mr…?“
He stumbled to his feet, a little shaky, got off Cas, let go of him. Cas looked up, not at him but past him, then back to the ground only an inch away from his eyes. His cheek rasped against the floor, as he slowly sat up. Castiel wrapped his arms around his own body and his eyes fixed his knees and his hair was all messy by violent hands pulling at it. There were no tears in the angel’s eyes, because he never cried.
“Why are you doing this?“ Cas asked.
Cas looked up at him and pressed his lips, balled his fists. There was some invisible force holding him in place and he could feel it numbing and weakening him more and more. His heart skipped a beat.
“I know,“ you whispered and stood up, “I should go“
Dean nodded again, even when he didn't really remember. “And why did I throw it away again?“
Once his leg found the iron bars of the stairway’s railing, he exhaled and inhaled a couple of times, preparing himself for ice cold water coating all of his body. Then he sucked in enough air to make it through what now resembled a tunnel underwater more than a simple exit. He dove down and froze together with his nerve endings, adjusted his eyes. Then he started to swim the few feet down and forward and up again.
I stood up and went to pour you a glass of Scotch. I always did that, because I knew, it was what you needed. Your sleep is better, when your blood turns to alcohol. And even when one could say, that it’s not good to support someone with that, I know what you need. And is it alcohol you need to sleep, I will always be the one, who gives it to you. Because one day you will realize, that I don’t only give you what you want, but am what you want. I came back to the table and put the glass down in front of you. Your lifted your head and you looked at me with this gaze full of thankfulness and a smile that made me melt. I smiled back and tried to hold the eye contact for a while.
I remember. Another couple of days had passed and we weren't even close to okay. And the bunker that should be my home, felt more like a prison. I wanted out. Break out. Flee. Inside these grey walls, which were so well-known to me and so familiar, I sometimes wanted nothing more than to vanish. And every now and then I found myself in the big garage, just sitting in my car, alone and undisturbed, and even when it’s senseless to sit in a parked car in the own garage, it made so much more sense to me than everything else.
But with no doubt even more annoying was the fact that Cas didn’t even seem to care anymore. Not about the case, or the general situation, or his own situation, and clearly not about Dean.
The sun should rise in a few, Dean thought as he sat up and rubbed his eyes. He got out of his baby, the dusty dirt of the side of the road scrunching against his heavy boots. He stretched his arms over his head, yawning blearily.
“I am not, as you say,
Dean rubbed his face. “Fine. Bert, you go to bed, you’re totally useless in this condition, no offense.“ He turned to the former angel. “And Cas, you… uh… do whatever you want.“
“You know,“ your brother gave, with a dramatic pause, which told everyone, who knew him, that he was about to say something important, “I know he made a mistake“
“You can stay.“ I said, “But I don’t wanna see you.“
“I’m sorry, I just don’t see people by the color of their skin.“ Bert said.
Sam looked up at him and frowned.
So I did what I do best and poured myself a glass of Scotch. I didn't care, why there was a brand new bottle of it in the kitchen and where it came from. I felt your stare even on my back and it was so loud and uncomfortable, even without sound. I felt the giant lump of emotions raising inside me and how it choked my throat, so I could barely breathe. But what that lump hadn't thought of was that I’m the champion of suppression, that I would beat it back where it had come from. I braced my arms on the cold stainless steel counter and closed my eyes, while I felt the Scotch run down my throat softly, numbing, calming, masquerading. And when I turned around, I had made it, my mask was perfect and watertight. I acted as if nothing ever happened, as if it was all fine, or even better, as if nothing mattered. My pretend indifference was complete and trained, and the longer I could sustain it, the more certain I would believe in it myself. I was quiet like a person, who is caught in a daydream, when really, inside me, everything was uneasy and I had the feeling of carrying the weight of the world.
“Come in,“ I said and you did so. I was just getting my heavy boots off my tired feet, as if I tried to get at least one of the burdens off me. I didn't even look up, but not because I didn't want to see anyone, but because I knew it was you, and because you were the only one I wanted to see, even when I couldn't look into your eyes yet. You held a glass in front of my face that smelled like Scotch, with a hoarse “here“. I took it and my fingers touched yours a bit with it. Actually not on purpose, but not less good anyway. I emptied it with one sip and felt the slight burn down my throat and I hoped it would distract me from the burn in my chest.
“You know, Castiel,“ he started speaking again then. “When I came here I never actually planned all this. It was more of a…,“ he made a waving gesture with his hand, as though he was searching for the right words, “… an experiment of some sorts. Trickster, you know. We like playing games.“
Cas peered at him from the corner of his eye, then back down to his thighs. He’d been sitting in this chair for about thirty hours and his legs felt numb and yet ached. He felt stiff and tired and at the same time like he was about to melt.
Dean was stalking around in the motel room. He lifted worn clothes on the bed and floor and thrown over the backrests of chairs, rummaged around in his duffel, opened the closet, he even looked under the beds. But it was gone.
His brother only spared it a brief look and went on with his desperateness. “No, not that one.“ He said. “My leather jacket.“
Cas glanced away, shy in a way, or frightened that his eyes had opened a door he didn’t want open.
“Dean. The bunker is warded. You won’t get inside.“
The door fell shut by itself, as they weren’t paying so much attention to their surroundings anymore. There was a lot of messy kissing and a lot of undressing. Dean had just gotten rid of her skirt when his backside collided with the wood of a door behind him.
“He then calls that someone
There was a wet cold towel around his neck, an attempt to cool down, though it didn't make it easier to breathe. He wondered how long it would take for them to suffocate, how much oxygen they still had left. And if they would ever make it out of this bunker alive. At least he wasn’t dying alone.
“Because it’s Cas, Dean,“ Sam said, as if it was the only reason ever needed, when really, it felt like just another excuse, “Cas and you, you’re… you’re so close. You can’t just lock him out like that. You need him, you know that“
“I mean, you gonna be okay with finding Dean?“
Dean was back to staring into his book. He had no idea what he was reading. His shoulders felt tense, as well as the atmosphere, although there was something strangely peaceful about it. The absence of words and the unused voices eased something inside him. There was nothing that could be misunderstood or misinterpreted. Nothing that could remind him of what he didn't like to remember. What a calming silence it was.
Dean had gone into battle. He’d fought for rights he shouldn’t have. Won the war against his childhood fears. And the victory destroyed everything.
“Wrong direction, Dean.“ Sam announced and walked off in the other direction. As said before, unbelievable. But he couldn't hold onto that unbelievableness and the fact that his brother was acting even weirder lately, if that was possible. It seemed there wasn't that much tension anymore. Now, his shoulders were more hanging than holding tight to some invisible issue, his neck didn't tell so much anymore, didn't hold so much back either. Dean had turned quite quiet. There was a silence about him that felt wrong.
Rick. Who is Rick? I searched my head for any memories of that name, but found none. And something about that bothered me. I wanted to stay here, not alone, but with you. Here in our air, at our wood, in our room, where I watched you read and where the peaceful silence hovered above us like a protective glass cover. And I didn't want to have to share you, not even a bit. It was already hard to share you with a book, but people are worse. People talk and do things and say things that distract you, from me and from what we indeed didn't know, but feel. People put lies in your head and fables and lead you onto ways you shouldn’t walk on, and ways, where I didn't exist on. At least not this version of me. And even when I also lied to you every now and then, not gladly, but necessarily, it wasn't the same thing. Because I lied to you to protect you and to hide all I did to protect you. People lied to you to get something from you, or to get you somewhere. And everything inside me hoped that wouldn't happen, and everything inside me knew I would prevent it.
“Yeah,“ I gave, and I would, eventually, but right now it felt like a clear No in my head and heart, “you’ve said that so often, I lost count“
“I agree with Dean,“ Bert gave, stifling a yawn.
“Dean,“ he heard again. “The door is locked.“
And you were thinking about it and for a moment it seemed like you would understand. But then you said, “I don’t need him,“ and my guts began to spin painfully by this colossal lie you dared to say out loud just like that, “He needs me“
“I’m gonna eat you, you know,“ he’d say. “I’m gonna have you inside of me and try to never digest you, cause you’re so good.“
“So uhm, Cas…,“ Sam began and I only now remembered that he was here, too. It was like I was in a room full of dust and dirt and evil, and the only thing I could see was you, although you actually should be part of it, although you actually were just as evil. Sam failed speaking and his eyes rushed to me. I literally tried to telepathically make him say something, so I wouldn't have to, but he didn't do anything. A deep sigh pushed out of my lungs and I pulled myself together. God, I was angry. So angry.
“Come on, tell me what you’re thinking about.“
“He said, uh… he said he gave you a dream, said that he showed you the way?“
“Sure you can,“ Bert said and sat down with them, taking a bite from a raw tomato. “It’s the same thing as the fact that there’s a superlative for
“Yes.“ I gave back, “No. You are not dealing with it, you drown it in alcohol. That at most counts as numbing the pain, though doesn't heal your wounds and your anger and your grief, Dean.“
“Excuse me,“ he said, tapping a shoulder clad in a red vest, making the guy, who couldn’t be older than eighteen, turn around. “I need pie.“
Another punch hit the vending machine and Dean stepped back and ran a hand through his hair and over his face. Why did nothing ever work out the way he wanted? He pulled out his wallet from the back pocket of his jeans and drew another few dollars. He was sure that they’d be a waste like their precursors.
His brother walked around the car and came beside him and Dean was shaking by then. A slow and tiny tremble to his shoulders that Sam almost stopped with his hand on his arm. Almost. It was as though Dean was trying to keep himself inside his own body. It felt like so much time had passed. And still not enough to make Dean the sharing type.
And Dean had wanted to fight him. But you don’t fight heroes, you admire them. You don’t make them even angrier and by that put those in danger that can’t defend themselves. He’d needed to understand, for Sam’s sake. For, one day, he wouldn't be able to hold back his own anger anymore. And Sammy needed to stay safe from him. He had been born a monster, and even as a twelve-year-old he’d known that he needed ways to deal with that.
“No,“ he said again. “I’m sorry.“
You needed me save and who was I to deny you that. I would give you anything you need. Even when you need it to not need me. I knew, I would find another way to still be with you and watch over you. And to see what you were doing. I had to know you were alright, as long as you were gone. And I couldn’t wait here, I had to see it with my own eyes.
“Oh, now we’re listening to something Rowina, that bitch, said?“ I fired back, my voice shaking with anger. I wanted to go on about how wrong she was and how wrong it was to listen to her, but you replied faster than I could take a breath.
“Hey.“
“No, Bert, he—“ Sam began, but his brother cut him off.
Maybe he’d felt a chill in the corner. Maybe it had gotten too uncomfortable on the floor. Cas could only wonder why he didn’t stay away anymore. He didn’t know and he couldn’t ask. Then again, would Dean answer, if he weren’t a lion?
“I told you, the bunker is under some sort of spell,“ he said quietly. “I can’t do anything, if that is what you are wondering.“
My eyes went soft and it was as if I had lost. But not the fight, or the conversation, or a game. I had lost my aggressiveness. It always felt like the only way out of my rage, my inexorable rage, which could boil up inside me so incredibly fast, that I almost burned with it myself, was the way to just feel it. Live it, no matter who got in the crossfire. But with you it was different then. Because that’s what you do. You calm me down. You are like the peace pole I never needed. Like an aggression filter, you take all my anger and my frustration over things and transform it into something like peace. And that is it. That’s something worth fighting for in this world. That’s something meaningful.
The Winchester smiled and looked to the ground. “Maybe another time, Bert. Let’s go.“
“Ansi,“ she said and stepped in front of him. Her green eyes bore into his and her usually always calm and stony face displayed something like a frown. “I do not feel well about this. These aren’t just any humans. These are hunters, my dear. And one of them used to be an angel. I do not think it’s a good idea to keep interacting with them.“
?“ he asked with a quiet and rough voice.
Dean knitted his brows, uncrossed his arms and pointed a finger at him. “Quit playing around, you dick! We know it’s demons, we found sulfur. So why don’t you tell us what’s going on.“
Thin air, Cas thought right then, that must be the problem. The bunker was well ventilated and there was enough of healthy air. But somehow the air still felt poisonous these days, and it came to him that that could be the reason why Dean had left to sit around outside. Or maybe the place wasn’t what mattered, maybe it only mattered that Castiel wasn’t there. Maybe it was his presence that made the air in the bunker so thin.
Where’s the difference between being wrong and pretending not to be?
His feet led him to the cluster of pine trees, for no reason at all, but he felt like this was the place to go from here. As he walked deeper and deeper into the mist, it started growing higher and thicker even. It covered each and any of it all, even him, and soon he could see nothing but grey and white and something like a light somewhere in the distance.
. But Dean wasn’t and didn’t and couldn’t. Eventually, the angel put his hand down on the chest.
“Cas,“ he said again, closing his eyes and leaning in just a bit more. He rested his forehead against the back of the other’s head and inhaled that scent of paper and nature and human. Only for the tinniest second.
“CAS!“ he called again as he reached the door. No answer. In fact, no sound at all.
Sam made a gesture as if to say ‘that’s it‘ and I agreed with his conclusion. With a smile I looked around in our room, as if to search for someone, and something inside me wished that someone was actually here. And that someone was you, Cas. I wanted to share our realization with you. I didn’t know why, but I had this urge inside me to feel your presence, to notice your scent, to hear your voice. But I shook it off. I almost even felt ashamed for it. Because what I needed even more was to know about your safeness. That’s what I always need.
“What you’re sorry for?“
“Are we, though? Are we still friends?“
“Oh well,“ the demon said, “an old friend of mine was so generous to let me in.“
“Wow,“ she only said and shook her head. She took a sip of her drink and her eyes never left his. He wondered if she was actually considering.
And then he fell unconscious.
“You did hear what he said to me, right?“
Castiel watched her closely as she nodded to herself. She looked uninjured, but she also looked traumatized. Whatever had happened to her, whatever had been done to her, it didn't seem like it had been easy on her. And then he remembered what had happened to all the victims before they had been taken, all those secrets being told. And he thought, disappearances immediately add story to the ones who let go. But what happens when they come back? Would the secrets they’d learned about destroy or heal them?
“What you’re drinking coffee for?“ you asked slightly amused and a smile sneaked onto my lips.
“No!“ Dean cried, his bottle of Whiskey falling to the ground and shattering into a thousand pieces.
What’s done is done, that was the straw Dean held onto, so he could — and even considered to — help that Bert guy with a case that could as well be no case at all. Just like when they’d run into him, while he’d been faking to be an FBI agent in an unnerving purple suit, Bert was sitting on the bed all giddy and excited and ruining the smoothing of the sheets Dean had spend half an hour on for a lack of anything else to do. About five minutes into their very first conversation Dean had decided that Bert was irritating as fuck.
, if you didn’t have me
Cas hesitated before he settled a hand on his friend’s shoulder to steady his frame. He was shaking by too many words that no one needed. Because this was Dean. Dean didn't have to say sorry.
“What,“ Dean choked out, “what happened to your eye?“
“Because it never ceases to be true, Dean“
“Look, Cas,“ Sam tried again. “I know this must be very difficult. But I’m here, okay? You can talk to me.“
“Alright, would you quit it already,“ Bert complained, his right wrist in the tight grip of Sam’s ginormous hand. “You compared all the watches we got, okay?“ He pulled back his hand and put it back on the steering wheel. “And I’m driving here, by the way, in case you haven’t noticed.“
“Lilly?“ Bert called. “Lilly Smith?“
Anansi drew back and stood back up, closing his eyes. “Ah,“ he gave with something like satisfaction. “I see. I saw a lot. A lot of good lines you’ve said and heard.“
“There’s
“Anansi is said to like playing with fire and water. As you might already know he rules over the weather and the oceans.“
It rang and rang for endless minutes, Sam clinging to his phone at his ear like he feared he’d drop it. “He doesn't pick up,“ he said after a while, his thumbs scrolling down. Dean’s contact sprawled on his display like a giant exclamation mark. Or a question mark. It’s funny how a name can cause a certain emotion for ages, and then suddenly it stirs something else entirely. Like it was somehow a whole different name now.
“What the fuck are you doing in my dream?“ Dean asked, less enraged than he wanted to sound.
Nothing would work now. Dean had to add something new.
“No,“ Dean gave, making a step towards him.
“I’ll get some glasses,“ we both said at the same time, as we equally stood up. Somehow confused, no, more surprised. Amusedly we looked at each other and shared our quiet laugh, like the world we saw through our joint eyes. My hand found you again, your shoulder, your face. It was as if all of a sudden I would see you for the very first time.
“Who’s not where?“
“They do talk, sometimes,“ she answered, staring at her hands now. “But only about… lions.“
The demon chuckled. “Cute,“ he said with a grin. “Not gonna happen, though.“ He raised his brows and made a gesture with his hand.
“Yeah, great, that’s very helpful, thank you, Cas.“
Castiel grimaced, then looked away. He clenched his fingers into his trench coat and then, with his eyes still fixed on his shoes, he moved a trembling hand to the hunter and when he touched him Dean was dry as well.
He knew he liked Cas. And somehow he knew Cas liked him. But they both seemed to be too scared to let the other see. At least before. Because while Dean was desperate to catch his breath, Castiel reached out to him and placed his hand in Dean’s neck. A warm and soft hand, heavy and real.
This was clearly no friendship. It was something far beyond that, something twisted and unhealthy and weird and something that bothered and enlightened and encouraged me all at once. What we had was something so rare, so special and unique, no book or man had ever heard of it, as if it wasn't supposed to exist. And that’s why it’s so difficult to name and to understand. It’s simply unlikely to happen. And yet, it happened. It happened so fast and unnoticed, even by us, that we hadn't even seen it coming. And once we saw it then, it was like we had been hit by a lightning bold of realization we weren't able to realize just yet. So we just went onward on our road to whatever and continued intervening in each other’s being without any logic or reason. Because there was no space between us for reason. Overwhelmed and driven by feelings. And that’s not something friends do.
He stared at Dean as though that was an unmanageable task, then he rose and left the ruined room.
Dean needed to hunt.
You walked towards him and embraced him like an old friend, while Sam only shook his hand. And don’t I understand your brother all of the time, in this moment I felt more bonded to him than ever. I on the contrary was just standing behind you a little away, somehow unpleasantly disturbed, somehow insecure, and observed your interaction with him. I don’t know what I tried to see or not to see, but I know that I didn’t like it. After the usual smalltalk, Rick’s gaze suddenly and unhoped-for found me and I downright felt him examining me and was almost able to read his train of thoughts. He made a head motion in my direction, while he was looking into your eyes far too long, and I didn’t like how you looked at me then. As if I was embarrassing you, or unpleasing, or too much me.
Stop. Wait. He looked down to the trembling, shaking shape of his best friend, covered by him and bruised and used. By
“Dean, I think he’s after
“I don’t interact with them, Shi. I play with them.“
A small waterfall swam over him and his boots and colored the hem of his jeans a darker shade. He went inside and discovered it rather assembled a swimming pool now. The brownish flood water covered the entire concrete floor of the majestic hall and reached up to every door of every vehicle inside.
The thing is, Dean was hungry as fuck. All night and all day, he’d been hungry, a loud craving within him that he had not experienced before. But he experienced it now. He’d not only been hungry, he’d been hungry for meat. Weirdly, he’d caught himself fantasizing about venison or buffalo meat or antelope even. Hungry for animal, that’s what a lion eats, after all. Steak, burgers, chicken, ham, sausages, it was all right there on the menu. But now that he finally had the chance to order and eat all the meat in the world, alone the idea of that struck him with sickness.
“I followed you,“ you said after what felt like forever.
Dean couldn't say Cas and him were
There was this sudden feeling that they needed to kiss.
Dean hesitated, then he moved, slow steps across the room, dull sounds of heavy boots on dirty floor boards. As he reached his friend, he halted, breathed into his stomach, in and out and in again. He had a false calmness to him that was almost dangerous.
“I bet you’ve seen a lot of cool stuff. You must have a ton of stories to tell. What’s the coolest thing you’ve ever seen?“
I regarded the photograph of a smaller article in the corner and found a crowd standing around an accident, in the middle in-between the people a confused and glancing helplessly Garth, obviously in the middle of a job and unluckily unflatteringly caught in the picture.
“Wait,“ he called, even though he didn't know for what.
“Come on, Cas,“ Dean said, rising and making a step towards his friend. “Just take it off already. You’re not— I can see you’re too warm in it.“
“Peanut butter.“ You ordered, making me give up. You rose and made me the sandwich, I had never asked for and didn't intend to eat, and handed it to me. Somehow I felt embattled and abused even, urged to eat when I really didn't want to, but I did as I was told.
“Because I want to know why you are doing this.“
It was a long drive to Connecticut and the darkness seemed to follow them everywhere they went. The Impala’s wheels and her humming sounds felt right under and around him. They hadn't spoken a word since they’d headed out of Crown Point in the morning.
“You know,“ you started anew after a while, “there’s something I need to know“
As he turned his hand palm up and gazed at his fingers that had traced the cold material of marble only a second ago, there was a barely there hint of some powder-like trace coating his index and middle finger. He rubbed it between index finger and thumb and held it under his nose. It was yellow and stank of sulfur.
“So, uh, what are the thoughts on Mr. Niceguy?“ Dean asked awkwardly, because sometimes working a job is the perfect excuse when you feel too vulnerable to deal with feelings. “You think we should hunt him down?“
I heard silent steps in the hallways and lifted my gaze. Little later I found you in the doorway, barefooted and in your grey sweatpants. Your naked chest stared at me, or maybe I was staring at it, as if there was nothing else in this room anymore. It was just skin, even when more of it than I was used to. But it was your skin. Your hand moved across your chest, as if it wanted to push away my look, and I concentrated back on your face.
“So… you’re gay then?“ Sam asked.
“Answer the question.“
“Yeah. Looks like a ghoul“
Anansi smiled. “With many humans it’s so easy to make them do what I want.“
“Lilly,“ Sam said.
The sand under his boots creaked, one foot and then another one, step by venturing step. A swooping to the side, balance, and step again. He took another sip and found, stolen, the drink tasted even better. He should, he thought, put this on his list. A hand ran over his damp cheek, for a second he flinched, then realized it was his own hand. Silly.
The day had been a sunny one and now that the evening was slowly strolling in, the light had an orange tint to it that warmed up the dull colors of their room. They were sitting at the small table, Sam in front of his laptop and Dean in front of his beer he was peeling off the label of. He’d started early today and it was his third beer already, but it didn’t quite give him the carelessness he tried to achieve anymore.
Tears welled up in Dean’s eyes that felt like he’d been holding them back for years. “I’m sorry, Sammy,“ he whispered. He rose from the bed onto shaking legs but didn't dare to make a step.
He sat down at the kitchen table with his cup of coffee and frowned. A love story? He rubbed the bridge of his nose and sighed. Someone, probably Bert, dropped something somewhere and there was also this tiny buzzing that sounded a bit like the fridge and Dean’s stomach was empty. But he had no appetite.
“We don’t need a babysitter“
It was the day after, when I was packing in my room. I was stuffing clothes and other things into my bag. So excited and full of anticipation, I was almost hurrying a little too much. I heard a knock on my doorframe and soon after saw you come in. I smiled at you and absent-mindedly tightened the hold on the red-brown plaid shirt in my hands. I rolled and twisted it around, as if I needed something to play with, for my hands needed occupation. My face must have looked somewhat strange to you, because you seemed really puzzled and distracted. I desperately waited for you to say something, but you appeared to be just as lost for words as I was. Minutes passed with us both awkwardly standing there in silence, looking into each other’s eyes. It would have almost been amusing, if it wasn't for something I discovered in your look. I wasn't able to fully recognize it, but it was somewhere near something like fear.
“Jesus, Cas!“ Dean exclaimed. He put a hand to his chest where his heart was pounding off beat in his ribcage. Castiel could sense it.
The lion moved his ears and slowly opened his eyes. A lazy yawn showed the sharp rows of teeth and the quiet roar accompanying it felt like a stab to Cas’ heart. The lion sniffed the air and stared at him in a way that made Cas still in any of his movements. He barely dared to breathe. The lion’s forepaws shifted, as though he was ready to stand up, and he cocked his ears.
Sam’s voice, and that made something shatter inside Dean. “Please don’t say my name like that.“ He begged.
“I would assume your brother is still outside.“
, then obeyed and went back to bed. Luckily, I was actually tired enough to fall back asleep, despite the mess of thoughts in my head. I was afraid, frightened, scared. I thought, what if you were in trouble somewhere and hoping for me to come and save you? What if while I slept, you would get hurt and I would find you all injured and messed-up the next day? Or worse, dead. I was scared that I hadn't said all the things I needed to say to you, that I hadn't loved you enough, that it hadn't gone the way you wanted it to. And all that fear made me realize one thing once again: it mattered. A lot.
When Dean finished his food, he seemed to notice the lack of interest in Cas and all the interest in his brother’s eyes. There it was, the Sam Winchester investigation of other people’s behavior. Dean could feel the chick-flick moment coming.
“I cannot ascertain that, Dean. I’m sorry.“ He looked to the ground.
He turned and moved back the curtain behind him, looking out of the big window and into the world. The sun hung low and burning over the horizon, tinting the sky in yellow and orange and red above, and a smudgy grey and blue below where the mountains stood in a black skyline, like a border between here and there. Closer to him there was a cluster of lonely pine trees sticking blackly and pointy up into the sundown with their feet hidden by a thick and wooly layer of mist covering everything. The haze seemed to coat the air and every inch so entirely that Castiel couldn't see a single spot of ground. There was something silvery about it all, like the way the sun glanced at him or the way the mist moved or the way those trees were so black.
Dean thought of all the things Anansi had implied, all the observations he’d made about him, and he chose not to mention any of it. He chose not to mention Anansi’s question about if he believed monsters didn't deserve to be loved. He chose not to mention how scared he had been, how utterly afraid.
“What happened?“ you asked.
Whoever the hell that was.
Castiel frowned. “What are you talking about, Dean?“
“Okay, right, but get this: in African lore Anansi is often showed as a giant spider, and will use his power over the weather and water to get all the knowledge he desires.“
I sat down at the table. No peanut butter sandwich, no Scotch. You alone were enough for me for that night. Maybe I was also scared. I don't know, whether more of us not being able to be us anymore, or of me not being enough for you. And maybe it was right. Maybe in the end I really was the spot. Maybe I didn't have a choice. A will, no matter how exploding, but no decision I could make. Perhaps it had been you the whole time, who had made the decisions for both of us.
This was a Dean he didn’t know how to stop being.
When Dean didn't reply, only scowled at him, he continued. “Do you think lying in bed will trigger a situation that wouldn't happen anyway?“
Dean walked over to him and sat down. Now that he was closer he could see the patient, dressed in pajamas and a grey bathrobe, looked all drugged up. His eyes reddened and glassy and lids on half-mast and his lips parted and dry. He was leaning back in his chair sluggishly and relaxed and hardly seemed to care about manners. If you made the effort to actually regard him, you could see everything through the hole in his pajama pants between his legs that stood wide apart. As though he
Dean stood by the sink and was doing the dishes, and it was weird.
Their wood seemed to touch him while passing by, though he never actually touched any of them. They radiated heat and a foulness he couldn't quite grasp. But something touched his face and arms while he passed, and maybe it were hands after all. They touched him and lit him on fire, and somehow it was still them burning and blazing where their fingers met his skin. Or did his fingers meet theirs? There were no burns or any charred spots in their wood, but Castiel thought to know they could feel it just as much as he could.
“Yes?“ you said and I turned around. The corners of my mouth winced with the try to suppress my smile.
“Good things do happen, Dean,“ you said, making the images of the memory of how we had first met shoot through my brain and body like the bolts of a thunderstorm. Bobby and I had scribbled all kinds of crazy symbols onto some walls, because we hadn't known what we’re dealing with. And then you had appeared and I had tried to kill you with all ammunition and armor I had, only to find out that nothing works.
He opened his eyes to water. Water all around him, a transfiguration so dull and thorough that he started shaking a bit. There were things around him, thousands, maybe millions. And they sung pretty songs with pretty voices. Singers, he thought. They all sounded so beautiful and he marveled at it, struck by the sudden feeling to just let himself float there and listen. But they all sounded the same. All but one. There was one thing, one voice he could make out. He thought he would be able to pick it out everywhere. With each second passing he could hear it louder and clearer, as though his ears were tuned to this voice. He could hear it through the laughter of a thousand children, through the tune of a million pretty songs, through the jitter of a hundred pair of wings, and through all the singing birds in the world. And all at once, this one voice made everything else sound ugly.
Dean sniffed into the side of his neck. He was shaking, he was cold and stiff like a dead body.
“You’re cold,“ Dean stated, quiet and almost mumbling, still holding the blanket mid-air. His own breathing wasn’t less fast, being looked at like that. It hit him then, that he must have looked at his father that way. With those same wide eyes and that same old tension and that same unmistakable horror in his face. Dean was hit a lot, lately and throughout his entire life, with words and things and hands and feet. But nothing really hurt quite as much as realizations about himself.
“I just don’t understand, why I can’t come with you“
“The staff are people, too, Dean.“
“You have a problem with Sam?“ I fired and felt the boiling combativeness flaring up inside me and there was no escape. Whenever it’s about Sam, I don’t know freedom of speech. I’m the only one, who can talk bad about him, because I’m the only one, who really knows him. Without him I can’t exist, and without me he can’t. And even when sometimes we go separate ways, we still find back to one another every time. We need it to need each other and we never give up on defending each other. We’re family, in blood, in minds, in our souls and in everything that makes us what we are.
I glanced at you for a moment, as if you had just offended me, when really, you had only offended yourself, and then said, “You know, Rowina once said, nothing makes wounds heal better than opening new ones.“
have you been, Cas?“
I was sitting on one of the chairs at one of the neatly arranged, dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, in the bunker that is my home. I was reading in a thick, old book. My eyes moved across the old pages and it was quiet around me. Quiet, but not all silent. I had an observer, who wasn't quiet enough to be only that. I heard you breathe, I could even almost hear you blink, and even when apart from that you didn't really move at all, I could even hear that, your no-movements. And it bothered me that you were here, and it made me angry that you seemed to be waiting for it all to be as usual. I would have a realization and you would think it was yours.
His lower lip was trembling as he scrunched his list in his blood-stained hands, balled his fist around it. For a second, he held it there, felt it against his palm, as though he was trying to make up his mind. It’s hard to let something go that is so old. But it didn't help anymore, it was no sheet-anchor or a rescue blanket. It was the blood staining his face, and the bruises covering the knuckles of his hands, and the memories of all he’d done and all he’d destroyed.
_________
Cas lowered his head and squeezed his eyes shut. He only now noticed the throbbing pain in his head and the numb feeling in his hands.
reason why I shouldn’t just stab you right here“
“Of course not. Dean. You are drunk.“
“Listen, Cas,“ I started anew, and again you seemed to do nothing else than that, “that might just have come across in a wrong way“
“Another one?“ Sam gave.
“Doctors say it was a heart attack,“ I replied and shook my head, for all of a sudden I was incredibly unconvinced of that fact, “but that… that’s not how we die, right? I mean hunters don’t die of something like that, we die bloody and messy and… supernatural“
“Call me crazy, Cas,“ Bert said, patting the other’s arm and watching his face. That comment proved to him the ex-angel wasn’t talking about his family anymore. “But sometimes I have that horrible idea that in the end we all might just be human.“
“And what’s that?“
All of a sudden, like out of an impulse I hadn't noticed myself yet, I put my hand on your knee and our eyes met again. I smiled so much at you that I passed it over to you.
“Well, at least you were all cozy and warm in here, right? Glad one of us made it through the night without finding a rotten rat corpse in their blanket. Now enough with the mothering crap, I’m fine.“
Dean’s voice was hoarse and barely more than a whisper into the damp air. His own face felt just as stony. But when Cas didn’t say something, didn’t say anything, it broke into a mess of all kinds of feelings. His hands left Cas’ and he turned away.
He had. But that didn't make it any less intolerable. This was his home, his safe space, and even when he never really liked coming down to the basement, he’d been here before. He could go back upstairs whenever he wanted. And even when there weren't any more windows to jump out of upstairs than there were down here, he usually didn't feel trapped.
It rang several times, but you didn't answer. So I went back to the bathroom, shut the door behind me and sat down on the edge of the cold bathtub. I called you again, silently moving my lips to a
“Listen, Cas,“ you started anew, and again I listened, “that might just have come across in a wrong way“
“You gotta be fucking kidding me,“ Dean mumbled and Sam gave him that look that said he was being unreasonable.
Crown Point was a nice little town in Indiana. A pretty town with pretty people who didn't even seem too concerned about the fact that it was pitch-dark in the middle of the day. Local news claimed it to be some sort of weather phenomenon and rather marveled at it as some amazing miracle.
And though it’d been painful and definitely unpleasant to have his friend give him a piece of his mind in such a violent kind of way, it was a language Dean spoke. Fighting was something that worked for Dean. Because that is how you defeat the enemy.
“Yeah, I need you,“ you said, and I almost found something like meaning in your voice, “You as a person. You as Cas, the Cas I know. But I can’t have you stalking around and kill the wrong people for me, that’s not what I need. I need you to be here. When everything blows up and goes to the dogs, and when we don’t know what to do and when the wrong people get hurt by people, who are wrong. And you, you’re not wrong, and I want you to remember that“
“No, I can’t,“ Cas answered, his hands on the door clenching to fists. “The wards won’t let me.“
I saw that you wanted to say something, your eyes staring into space, like you always do, when you’re fighting with yourself inside your stupid, helpless angel brain. Inside I smiled. Sometimes you looked like a kid that got its toy taken away, or as if you had done something foolish. And I knew you wanted to make it all right. You hoped so much that I would forget about it someday, about that foolishness. You hoped we could just sit around in the kitchen carelessly night after night again and drink Scotch and eat peanut butter sandwiches and make fun of everyone that’s not us. And maybe we could. But I as well knew that there wasn't a single word in this world you could say to make that happen. Only time could. Time would make me forgive, and maybe that was another way out of my labyrinth.
“I really started hating them at the time, you know. My family, I mean.“
He waded through the water towards her and his boots got heavier with the gathering water in them. When he was there, he touched her roof and looked inside. She seemed fairly dry. He petted her black frame with his wet fingers and cursed a silent sorry to her.
“The face in the sea. In the sea of fire.“
The public library in New Canaan looked like pretty much any other library Dean had ever been in. Shelfs upon shelfs full of books and some computers and a corner for kids and tables and chairs and quietude.
“Don’t you be concerned, Shi. All is going as planned.“
Somehow being a lion had made him realize a few things. It made him realize the damage he could do. It made him realize that releasing your anger in a fit of rage was still the best way to release it. It made him realize that claws are very helpful at that. It made him realize that, no matter the shape, he was an asshole. It made him realize that he might not be able to ever stop being an asshole, but he could try and do better, at least. It made him realize that he should wake up.
“It’s my fault,“ he barely even whispered.
Sam shot him a scowl and started searching news sites. “It says here that this is happening at least in four different states. Confirmed are Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana. It’s like a cross-border power outage, only with daylight.“
“You coming?“ Sam called from outside the open door where bright unexpected sunlight shone inside. His eyes were fixed to his phone, ready to head out to file through town history.
“Hey,“ you said way too cheerfully and sat down with us at one of the tables in the room, where you usually watched me read.
“The one I gave you?“ the younger asked. And when Dean nodded, “You threw it away, back when we tried to find God and went to Heaven, remember?“
He had one last look at the yellow crumpled paper in his palm, then put it away in the glove box.
He sat up in his bed and rubbed his eyes. His glances wandered around in the darkness and over the shadowy outlines of the furniture. It was all unchanged and quiet, black and grey in every way possible. But then something woke him more.
“Just take it off,“ the Winchester said again. He smiled nervously. “And while you’re at it, why don’t you take a shower, huh?“
He could stop if he wanted to.
She nodded again, reluctantly. She looked to the ground, saying, “Is this going to end like that one time you invited Fire to our home for dinner and our house went up in flames?“
“Come,“ Anansi ordered, starting to walk towards the dark entrance.
You lowered your head and said, “I’m sorry, Dean“
Sam shot him a frown, then turned back to the woman. “Let her read it first. Then she can rest.“
For only a short moment we were staring into each other’s eyes and smiling, when you suddenly put your hand in my neck, pulled me closer and sealed your words with our lips.
“Well…,“ you answered hesitantly and stared at your hands, which clenched the glass like the proverbial sheet anchor, “… not entirely. But mostly.“
“Whatever’s bothering you, Dean, I hope at least you understand why you’re doing what you do.“
But this man, he had a hold on his heart that he couldn't understand. He wouldn't be able to break it or forget it or even deny it, even if he wanted to. It was there, inexplicably and unbelievably. And there had, indeed, been times he’d wanted to stop. It had been overwhelming and irritating and most of the times it was painful. Yet, he couldn’t stop loving him any more than he could stop being.
I heavily disagreed. “What for? To get myself some injuries? To see people die? Or rather to kill someone, because oh right, I’m meant for that?“
“Dean!“
“What you mean why?“ I shot, when I found my voice back. Rick just raised his hands in pretend apology and as if I was pointing a gun at him instead of my pointed slightly angry voice. I cleared my throat, somewhat embarrassed by my wild burst into aggression that nobody could possibly understand, and moved my hand over my face, as I always do to calm myself down.
Dean would never love him back the way he loved him. The way he loved him despite everything he’d done to him. The way he loved him despite his brokenness. And maybe he was a fool for that, but as long as that darkness inside Dean danced out of sight, Cas imagined only the stream. The stream of water and of air and of life and world and earth, the stream that would always make him go back to the monster. The monster that was also Dean Winchester, a man.
, his face said. Only when he found the Winchester’s scowl he returned his eyes back to his shoes.
somewhere behind him, but shrugged it off and set himself into motion again.
“A job?“
“Yeah,“ Sam gave, rolling his eyes.
That was when the buzz of his vibrating phone in his jeans pocket made him jump. It was a text message from Dean.
I remember, it was one week later. Sam and I came back from a job. A vampire nest in Bar Harbor, Maine. And you had stayed in the bunker, I had asked you to. And I couldn't know, if you would follow us, but I trusted you, in a way. The first thing I did, when we came home, was looking for you. I needed to see, if you were all right, I needed to know you save and sound. And I needed to see, if you would wear that illusive smile again, if there would be something in your eyes that would sell you out. I had to make sure that you trusted me as much as I trusted you.
Dean stopped dead. There was an imminent danger that he would jump right out of himself and at someone’s throat and his eyes glared so much with disbelief and bewilderment that Sam feared he would end up being that someone.
Bert’s fingers traced the spines of the many books in the bunker’s library and he wondered if anyone had ever read them all. He was sure he could spend the rest of his life here and just read. But he wasn't sure if he actually wanted to know all they would tell him. The world was already cruel and messy in his eyes, he didn't need to worsen it. Sometimes it’s comforting to know a little less.
I remember. Sam was sitting at the round wooden table in our motel room. In front of him his laptop. He was reading something out of an article to me and I was wandering through the room, my eyes directed to the floor, my hand at my chin. I was thinking. Taking in the facts, turning and spinning them, until they made sense to me. Perhaps I look silly while doing that, but I need it. Like a tic, a habit I can’t get rid of. As if the steps would help me make my head keep working and as if my hand would hold the thoughts in the right place.
They went through the usual smalltalk and after they politely turned down the offered coffees, they went into the latest victim’s bedroom. A teenager going by the name of Betty Hamilton and living with her grandmother.
You stood up and poured a glass of Scotch. For me. I took it, as if it was all you could give, and as if even just that tiny thing was still enough for me. I drank, and the eyes on me, which I sensed like they would belong to my own bloodstream, were no longer disturbing. It was good, it was as if I was seen. Finally again. And finally again I failed with you. I let you back into my life, into my thoughts and feelings, and I let you be my shelter, and I allowed that you, although you had locked me into my labyrinth again, could also be my rescue. A risk seeming to be worth taking.
She had been innocent, that woman. She hadn't deserved to die. She had deserved to be saved. And I had failed. And not only had I failed to save her life, I had also failed to get revenge for her death. The ghoul was gone. Miles away. And I didn't even manage to find him. What kind of hunter was I? What a loser. The guilt spread out inside me like a dark stain of truth and my lungs were cramping so much, I could barely breathe. It was as if there wasn't enough air for me on the world. It was as if I had to learn how to breathe again.
“Don’t be stupid, there was fi— there was fire out there! And there was someone else, I—I wanted to save him, but when I was there, there was no one there and then— you saw the fire! Right?“
I was sitting in the kitchen. Our place, at our time. Night after night, studying books that weren’t even near as interesting as your peanut butter sandwiches. I respected your decision not to come anymore, because I knew one day we would restore our togethership. I would watch you and protect you and nip your aggressiveness in the bud. I was still your peace pole, I always will be, and no mistake in the world could ever change anything about that. And perhaps I was lost without you, perhaps I was sailing aimlessly like a boat without paddles, but at least I knew what is worth fighting for. I wouldn’t push it, or force it, I would just wait here quietly, until you would be ready to look at me again, as if there was something in me worth seeing.
I wanted to say something. Something that would make it all right again, something that would make you forget about it, so you could forgive me. Something that would make us Us again. Us, who are sitting around in the kitchen by night without any worries and drink Scotch and eat peanut butter sandwiches and make fun of everyone, who’s not us. But there didn’t come a single word to my mind that could do that. And so I decided to just sit here, without sandwich, without Scotch in my hand, only coffee, and only half of you inside our togethership. As if you had one foot in and one foot out, just to make sure.
Sometimes it’s not about how you end up in a place, but that you end up there at all.
“You’re welcome, Dean.“ Bert still smiled at him with that goofy face and looked like he’d done something important on his bucket list. “Let’s talk now, shall we?“
“And you can’t walk around killing innocents, just because you ‘think‘ they’re some monsters“
You rubbed your eyes and got up. Sleepily you slurped into the hallways and towards the kitchen. You would get yourself coffee and start the day how I latterly ended it. With a bittersweet taste on your tongue. I followed you unnoticed and found you in that very kitchen, stopping, as if you searched for something.
“What is that supposed to mean?“ you asked and your hand left my shoulder. The small hint of warmth staying behind felt like a silent reminder of the mistake I have made. The mistake to point out yours. I can’t point it out to you, you have to find it out yourself, Dean. And inside I hated myself for this little inattentiveness. I should have shut up. Now I had to explain myself and that would be harder.
The thing is, Cas had no fucking clue what he wanted. He thought he wanted to go to the hotel, but not without Dean. And since Dean was a stubborn ass sometimes, there was no way he would get him to leave. Except that there was a way. He could fly them. But then he couldn’t. It was too much of a risk and Dean would be furious, if he suddenly found himself back in his room without permission.
Dean ignored the sass and skipped right to case talk. He filled his little brother in on what they were dealing with and what his thoughts were and how he didn't have a clue. Dean’s sentences kept involving I’s and Me’s and My’s and Mine’s, so at some point, Sam asked him about what Cas thought. Dean didn't know what to say for a moment, because, to be fair, he didn't give a rat’s ass.
“So? He probably just went for a walk or something.“ Sam assured me half-heartedly.
“So?“ I said, as if your name had no meaning to me, when really, it meant everything. My heart was burning, when I felt that I was lying to myself once again, as if I wasn't better than all the others, who did that to me.
Dean nodded, then realized he couldn't see that. For some reason he made a step towards him again, halted, his hand reached out mid-air.
“I just wanted to make sure you…,“ and before I said it, I swallowed it and knew I had to say it differently, “… you two are okay“
And Dad’s diary that carries so much history in it. Its brown leather cover, which has been engraved in my palms’ memory, since as far as I can think back. Its content, which shows how screwed up my life is and how much cruelty and death it contains, even alone the death of its author one of the most horrible things I’ve ever had to experience. And then I heard quiet steps on the dark wooden floor in that room. My hand cautiously moved underneath my pillow to the gun that always lies there, as a measure of protection maybe, but also as if I could shoot the nightmares out of my head, figuratively, but maybe also someday in the truest sense of the word.
that told him that he wasn’t taking his bullshit now. That there was no way out of this talk. No escape.
There was unfinished business between those two, he could tell. He didn’t want to know what it was, he didn’t even want to know about Cas’ black eye anymore that healed excruciatingly slow or why he’d decided to hide it with make-up. He didn’t want to know. For the first time since the two of them had started acting weird around each other he didn’t want to figure out what was going on. It didn’t bother him anymore. He had his own fucking things to think about. It could wait.
The buzzing became louder and moved back and forth, and Dean looked up to find some insect flying around near the kitchen island. It flew closer and Dean saw that it was an actual bee. How ever a bee would get into the bunker. Maybe Bert had left some door open again.
I know, it was my fault we had reached this point, but it still felt like an eternal reminder of my failure. It hurt, your rejection. The way you looked at me, if you even payed attention to me at all. I was Nothing and I had to become Something again. And even when it hurt me, I was still sure you’re the only one I want to be hurt by.
He remembered how he’d thought to know him, how he’d grown to love him like family. How he’d sworn to himself, at some point, to never leave him and never lose him. How he’d always save him, no matter the cost, the way he’d always save his brother. And suddenly he even remembered again, all he’d done to this man.
Inside it smelled like rotten rats and mildew. But at least it was dryer than outside. He found himself a corner with a lonely sheet that smelled funny, thrown to the dirty floor. He wrapped himself in it, no matter the stink and rough fabric of it, because he was desperate to warm up. It helped, a little.
Cocking his head, Sam watched his brother more closely now. Dean almost vibrated out of his skin, so nervous was he.
Sam looked back and forth between them, settled on the angel then, who kept staring at his hands. And Sam knew. It was all a big bag of bullshit. You could call him crazy then, but these days if those two agreed on something, he was almost happy to leave it alone. In the interest of world peace.
He turned to her, watching her face and eyes, then smiled and put a kiss on her forehead. He bent down and released his spider on the soft grass. It didn't move until he nudged it with his finger again, then it scurried away, fast like a squirrel on its eight legs.
The Winchesters walked out of the diner, packed with bags of food and drinks, and somewhere in the middle of the surprisingly big parking lot Dean stopped. Sam didn’t notice at first, but when he stopped, too, and turned to his brother, he found him looking around.
My smile widened, as I repeated another sentence of our past, “We’re just better together.“
“They don’t talk?“ Dean asked.
And I thought and I thought about it. I was there for you. I was there for your safety. I was there to protect you. I wasn’t there to be given credit for it, because I don’t do all that for me. I do it for you. And I failed. For a moment I had really failed colossally.
Once inside, he felt like he was somehow in a different time. There was no telling if it was the past or the present or the future, he only knew that he remembered now. He remembered why that train station, that small cubic building with the flat roof and the green-framed windows and the dark door, why it had seemed so familiar to him. It wasn’t a train station, it was a gas station. The very gas station where he had first spoken to Dean. In his true voice that had shattered all the windows and made the Winchester curl up on the floor and bleed from his ears. He’d been mistaken then, back then in the real world.
“Maybe“
And from the corners of my eyes, whenever I failed to concentrate on the text in front of me, I would examine the familiar face of yours. There was something about that face that I had liked from the start. Maybe it was your fuzzy hair or its soft shape or maybe it were your eyes, your blueish glowing eyes that sometimes seemed to be a light blue or nearly grayish blue, sometimes a nearly turquoise kind of color and sometimes they seemed a dark azure-ish color. They seemed to always transform with every possible change of circumstances, kind of like a mood ring, only that they didn't show the inside emotions, but those of the world around you. And I loved them, kindly and unenvying.
But through a lion’s eyes and removed from his own self and unable to express himself, the world had suddenly looked like the bottom of an empty bottle of liquor. Only when you downed the last bit, you realize that you emptied it. He’d emptied his world and filled it with all he’d never wanted to be.
And four, the guy across the table came awfully close to appearing like that 2014 version of Cas. The one in Zachariah’s future vision he’d shown him to coax him into saying yes to Michael. Dean always wondered if Zachariah had known that it hadn’t been the state of war or the poor shape everyone seemed to be in that had convinced him that it was a bad future. What had convinced him was the way the future versions of himself and Cas had interacted. It was a mere hint of a memory in the very back of his head now and it felt like a lifetime ago. Much like Hell or the apocalypse. That future felt incredibly long ago.
The Winchester stopped and turned. “What? We need to protect Cas from him!“
in this BLODDY DEVIL’S TRAP!“
“You okay?“ you asked unobviously and so simple that it somehow failed the complex situation. I found soft worry in your eyes. Soft and easy, definite, much easier and more definite than the storm and wind inside my head.
“I uh… I…,“ Cas stammered. His hand moved to his right eye, shining in all kinds of reds and violets, as though he was trying to hide it. Or needed to feel if it was still there.
He got cut off, being hurled away and into the nearest wall of their motel room. He crashed into the wallpaper and landed on the floor. But before he could get back up, Crowley reached out his hand and balled it to a fist. His brows rose in amusement as Dean groaned and gasped in pain.
“Hey, Cas,“ Sam started after he’d considered what to say. “You wanna know a secret?“
“I mean…,“ you began and stopped for a moment, while you moved your hand over your chin and stared at the blanket underneath us, as if to search for words there, “… u-us… we… our… come on, do I really need to say it out loud?“
You came to me into the room with all the dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, and smiled. Your hands grabbed my shoulders for a moment, when you went past me to sit down on the chair next to mine. And my eyes followed you and saw you were happy to see me. I don’t know, where Sam was, maybe in his room, but it didn’t even matter, not to me and not to you. The only thing mattering were we, here, here in our togethership.
There was a guy in what seemed like his late thirties sitting in one of the corners. He was all by himself and deliberately watching him. Intensely. His hair was a mess standing in all directions and hanging into his face where piercing eyes stared at him so bluntly, it could almost be mistaken as seductive.
How ironic it was that the only thing he could do to calm down was the same thing as what he was trying to avoid with it. What was he supposed to do now?
Dean didn’t realize how much time went by. But when he did, he turned his face to Cas’ neck and couldn't help but inhale all that was coming off him. Sweat and heat and still something weirdly human that Dean couldn't quite place.
While Dean appeared to count the hair on his arm, and Sam and Bert both stood there with crossed arms and cross expressions, and Cas was huddled into another chair not far from Dean and looked ready to jump up and away, a familiar figure appeared inside the red devil’s trap before all them, fiddling with the sleeve of his tailored suit.
“ He made a dramatic pause. “That case is practically the literal translation of that quote. And the people at that mental hospital in New Canaan? They’re
Now Dean had no heroes left and the world around them needed one so bad. Monsters didn't hide under their beds anymore, or creep into their dreams. Now those monsters were inside their heads, spreading nightmares in the most random things.
“Go to hell.“
Right then, Dean thought to himself that Cas only ever had two settings. Either he talked and talked to no end and still didn’t say anything at all, or he only shot cryptic words and random incomplete fragments that did say something, but only raised more questions. So in a nutshell, Cas never really said anything. He was the perfect mystery.
“Hey,“ you threw into the room and stood up, apparently relieved to see us. I thought you had been worrying, when really, you were just a good actor.
And no matter how much of an angel I was, who was no angel, to my surprise there were still brothers and sisters, who wanted to follow me. Not in my footsteps, but at least my orders. They gave me their trust. But in the end it always had the same outcome. They realized that I didn't belong to them, not to heaven, not god, not to earth, or any greater good. They begged me not to lose myself over one man. They called you a filthy ape and said you were always talking me down and humiliating and mocking me. But you weren’t and you didn’t. You were family. And I had to choose. Them or you. And I chose you. Every time.
There were just outside Saint John, about ten miles away. It was afternoon and they’d been driving half the night and all day, but you couldn't really tell as it was still dark outside. Sam either couldn't sleep or felt terribly sleepy, the lack of daylight seemed to mess up his whole system. He hadn't seen a deer or even any birds for almost two days, and he wondered if all of them had fallen into winter sleep. Or were just hiding. Or had been erased from the planet altogether.
. He ran a hand through his dripping hair and dropped the iron bar. It splashed into the water and sank down to the ground. As slow and definite as his willpower.
Dean’s brows shot up. “Remember what?“
“I… I don’t know, Dean“
“How did you get in here?“ Castiel asked, making another step towards him.
Each of his steps went away from home and towards a secret shelter that was only his, and it was both relieving and unnerving how the night’s silence washed over him like a shower. It wrapped around him like those trees around the bench and somehow it cleaned him of whatever his stains were.
Instead, Dean was the one looking battered. A book shelf had done this to him, an earthquake to be precise, not a best friend. Dean could take advantage of those healing powers, too. He wouldn't have to bear the headache or the stinging burn of his sore rip that shattered every breath. But for what? He could pretend till the end of time that there was always a way out of pain. That there was always someone who could put him back together. But that’s what it was, just pretending.
“One step closer to Anansi,“ Sam answered, shooting his brother a piercing glare.
Bert wondered about how Sam didn't say they were actually looking for Cas. How he’d only said Cas’ name once ever since they were here. Maybe it was because they all knew the stakes, the goal here. Maybe it was because Anansi would ultimately lead them to Cas. Or maybe it was because the name Cas alone had made Dean all miserable. You don’t poke a wounded animal, after all.
From above him droplets of turquoise and bright blue light illuminated the cave. They were like tiny lightbulbs or like that sky full of stars outside in the field in the early morning, but moving somehow. Like billions of flying fireflies. It seemed the stone behind them, and above and beyond, wasn’t smooth at all. It was rather folded and curled and squiggled like a chaotic disarray of layers. There appeared to be so much more to this cave than merely stone and water and light, no matter the shocking beauty of it all. It left Castiel both confused and afraid.
Sam’s jaw dropped, his stare fixed on the air between them. He clenched his fists and his breathing turned heavy. He felt sick, so suddenly it hurt, as naked horror invaded his mind with images of his brother tied to a chair and taking a beating by this week’s monster. Because, hell, they just never got to get a break, did they? His mind was racing at full speed, around and around and back again, then stopped.
Then the train stopped. They had arrived and Castiel was only a little hesitant to leave his seat. Outside, he stepped onto a concrete floor. The train station’s building was a small cube with a flat roof and green-framed windows and a dark door. It reminded him of something he’d seen before, though he couldn't tell what it was.
But sometimes you need to make a hazardous step to realize that behind the fear there is freedom.
There was an abrasion on his chin by the raspy carpet and a shiny stream of blood was running down from his forehead. His chest rose and fell erratically where his shirt was stained with the remains of his Cheeseburger and Ketchup that he had landed on.
“I wish Cas was more of a help,“ Dean said, bitterness creeping into his tone. He turned back to chewing on his pen and tried to get out all the thoughts on how many things Castiel could do and couldn’t do anymore. Get out that stinging feeling rising inside him and turning his stomach into knots he didn’t want there. He had no idea where it came from or for what, he only knew he wanted it all out.
where you parked the car?“ Sam asked. Unbelievable.
And in a way I didn't even know myself what I meant by “it“. It, your words being true? Or it, the fact that I would get through this? Or it, the thing between us? Probably a bit of all three. And then I allowed you to put your hand on my cheek, your thumb slightly stroking it and your eyes burying all my emotions, just for a brief instant, just enough to make me feel like I could get over it and get back onto my feet.
Dean sipped from his beer, looked out the window. He crossed his arms, his foot under the table tapping along to his nervous heartbeat. He’d expected this hunt to be easy and done within a few days. Now it’d been two weeks already and reality had proven him wrong. All this was so disappointing, and it’s funny how calm he could be in action and how anxious he was in the quiet.
, but I guess you guys know him by the name of Anansi.“
Cas turned to face him, standing there in the middle of his room. Dean wondered if that was what Castiel did when he was alone. Standing around, staring into space. He leaned against the desk and crossed his arms, feeling Cas’ eyes on him. They looked weary and somewhat anxious.
“We all make mistakes sometimes.“
“I followed you,“ I said quietly.
“Well,“ Bert gave back, “I’ve seen my entire family die in front of me and by my own hands. And I remember when I stared at all the blood on my hands and watched it stream down. I remember how I thought it had something poetic in a way. But all that blood and what it meant was never poetic or beautiful. It was just red.“
I was just talking to Sam about you, not because I wanted to, but because Sam forced me to. He tried to find out, what was going on, and even when I told him all the tiny, few facts there were, there were far more things I kept from him, than things I actually revealed. And then I stopped, because your sudden presence made me.
“That weird weather, Dean. It wasn’t following us, it followed
Dean had cooked his infamous chili. Everyone was clanking with their spoons against their bowls and talking with full mouths, while the general topic of conversation was nothing and everything.
He sat up, suddenly, his head dizzy but somehow clearer. He clenched to his bleeding hand and felt the throbbing pain waking him up. And then the headache became too much to bear and he fell back down to the floor. The feeling demanded to be felt, even when it was a different one now.
At first, he’d thought he wrote them down to study John’s habits, to know what to do to make his father calm down when he got angry. But at some point he’d realized that that wasn't true. He’d known then already that he would never manage to, that his dad would always find a reason to be angry with him. There was no stopping. No escape. He’d realized those things were there to learn. To learn how his father worked, to understand him. To be like him. He was his hero, after all.
“Go away, Cas.“
Castiel threw him a tender-hearted look that he didn't catch. Then he turned his attention back to the crusted and crispy burnt mess in front of him. It used to be a human body. It was so cooked and scorched that it still seemed to radiate the heat that had caused this.
“Cas, I…,“ you started, when your hand moved across your face, as if you hoped you could put your mask back on, “… I don’t wanna talk about it now“
“There’s— there is nothing to understand.“ Cas whispered, his voice rough and raw.
His eyes started to adjust to the darkness and then a figure stepped out from the corner. He wore a black coat with its collar put up, and his short hair was just as dark.
Three. We can run into someone, who just happens to be just as broken and twisted as we ourselves are. Maybe even gone through some of the same crap, understanding each other, cherishing each other. Our hearts are broken at the same places. That’s something like love, but still not the thing itself.
“No shit.“ Dean rolled his eyes. “I mean what could make a sea catch fire?“
It sounded so romantic. And it wasn’t at all. If anything, it was dangerous.
“Okay, but I’m still not convinced. We need to be sure, Sammy. And what about the knowledge thing, huh? If he’s so eager to gain knowledge, what does he want with us then?“
And I’ve known from the beginning that this is not friendship. That I haven't given it all up to be your friend. That I haven't gone through all this only for that. It’s something else. Because this is not how friends treat each other, this is not the nature of friends, neither the words we’ve said, nor the way we’ve said them. Friends discuss, friends find a common denominator, friends agree to disagree. And friends accept that. But we don’t. We intervene in our businesses, we intervene everywhere. We don’t act after belief and after sense and reason. Here between us there’s no space for reason. We are overwhelmed and driven by feelings. Emotions have taken over, and that’s not something friends do.
I remember, how I was sitting there and turned the pages of whatever book, as the air in the kitchen seemed to have changed suddenly. I lifted my head and found you in the middle of the room. Your eyes said it all, just not why you were here. And I wasn’t sure, if you were here because of me, or despite me. It was as if it was all wrong between us, as if the world had fallen into an imbalance it couldn’t handle, and chaos ruled and I couldn’t read you as I used to.
Cas’ eyes widened and his blade sunk a few inches. Then he raised it again. “Go, and I will spare your life.“
Dean didn’t remember how he’d ended up on Cas’ lap or how and when he’d even fallen asleep. He only remembered that he should give a certain bar a wide berth and that Cas was with him now and that they hadn't gotten anywhere closer to solving any of their three cases.
________
“Coffee?“ I asked after a couple of seconds.
There’s no such thing as true powerfulness and Sam was starting to think that inner demons were nothing other than self-doubts.
Yet, I was waiting for the day to come, when all your calmness and kindness would suddenly disappear, with the annihilating knowledge of the death of a friend. And even when I was to blame for, or at least the cause of, this coming annihilation, I was armed for it. It wouldn't be nice, it would be ugly and sad and hard. But I would be here. And even when love does not boast, is not proud, does not dishonor others, is not self-seeking, is not easily angered, and keeps no record of wrongs; no matter how many bad things I had done, I knew it was okay to do something stupid, if I do it for the right reasons. And it was paradox and strange that just that love, how it is described, but seemed to be so different to the kind of way I was feeling it, was the reason and trigger for my wrong actions.
And see what I’ve become. I was a monster, pushing everyone away, hiding myself in my head, poisoning myself with liquor. When really, I was the poison. I was the poison for everyone around me. People who got close to me, they got killed. And sometimes I would pray to god not to take any more from me, for I still believed there was a god. But I wasn't sure he still believed in me. And then there was that edge. That edge I was constantly hovering about, the abyss I could fall into. The mere darkness in myself, if I ever dove into it, I’m sure I would never get back out. And I would believe that the people who love me, they would hold me back from that edge. But the truth is, I was past saving. Sooner or later I would fall, and I would fall long and deep and never come back up. Maybe not now, maybe not even the next time, but one day I would.
“Makes you wonder what he’s running from,“ Bert said.
They watched each other for a long while then, Anansi biting into his pastry every now and then and wiping his mouth and hands with the handkerchief in his breast pocket when he was finished. Castiel remained silent, his eyes never leaving the trickster.
angel. Actually, he is no angel at all.“
“No.“ I decided, “You are not. It’s fine to grieve, it’s fine you’re having difficulties to deal with it, but -“
A stiff shape, lying on his back on the floor. His face was pale, his lips dry, his eyes shut. He seemed dead as much as the cheeseburger was rotten and as much as the bottle of Whiskey was destroyed, and Sam’s heart stopped.
The angel sighed. “He came in here, but I assume when the water rose he decided to spend the night outside. I’m sure he’s fine.“
We had left a mark, we had. Our kiss, as long ago it felt, left a mark of us belonging together, of us being one. And above all, of you also knowing that, not only me. And no matter how much we had been through, no matter how much we were and did for each other, no matter what we shared, this simple short moment of your distraction seemed to, at least inside my head, undo it all. I couldn't hold you, if you didn't do anything for it, and if that Rick did everything for our bond to threaten to break.
“Uhm… yes. Okay.“ I gave with a surprised face and wasn't sure, if I was happy about it. You looked at me like you tried to find out, what was going on in my head, but even when you would have asked me, I couldn't have told you. It was as if I knew it all and at the same time nothing at all. Like complete emptiness and bone-crushing overfill. And I almost wondered if it, this here, was jealousy. Not that I knew how that feels.
The lion roared and Cas winced back. It advertised its presence, warned him to stay away, this much Cas knew. And when he looked into those emerald eyes again and found that they appeared uneasy as much as they seemed unsure, he recognized his friend.
Then again, he had about eighteen thousand thoughts circling his mind and none of them was case-related. He and his drink had been trying to make something logical of it, but none of those thoughts seemed to make sense. Not even a single one. Deep down in his core he was scared.
But before he could leave for good, Dean’s hand found his shoulder and held him back. “Cas,“ he said, as though that was all that’s ever needed. For a terribly long moment his hand just rested there and no one moved. Then his fingers slipped under the trench coat’s collar and he pulled. Cas’ shoulders and arms tensed so much that it was impossible for him to get him out of it.
“Oh, come on,“ Anansi said, lifting his hands in defense. “Do you think you are the only one allowed to hurt your angel?“
Sam made. There was a brief pause and then,
The black spider on his palm moved one of its legs over his finger as he nudged it playfully. Its round body rested in his hand, kind of warm, while its eight dark legs stood around it in a calm posture. It was a beautiful spider. Very black, with soft grey patterns across its body and some soft hair to its legs, friendly and gentle. He smiled.
And I thought about it. And I understood, why he saw it this way. Sometimes I saw it just like that. Sometimes it was like you were the only one, who could understand me, the only one, who even cared what was going on inside me. And for a long time I had thought that alone would be enough to make you the only one, who wouldn't need to lie to me anymore. But the entirety of my falsity was lying above me and made me small and then I said, “I don’t need him,“ because that’s what I really believed, “he needs me“
Maybe out of hope, or maybe out of habit, the Winchesters both looked at Castiel then, who stood there a few steps below them on the stairway to the main entrance. He looked confused for a second, then looked away with something like shame scurrying over his stony face.
“Wouldn’t blame him,“ Bert gave, turning back to his car. “You practically locked him in here like Rapunzel in her tower. Maybe he’s out looking for his prince.“ He smirked.
It took Dean two minutes and fifty-five seconds to know it as well.
Of course I couldn't let you anywhere near that ghoul. You could definitely cope with it and you had Sam by your side. But Sam isn’t me. And Sam will never be able to protect you as good as I do. So I couldn’t possibly lay your safety in his hands. And I couldn’t risk it. So I did, what every reasonable man would do, and set you on the wrong track. Of course I am no man and of course you’re smarter than this, and you would see through it sooner or later. At the latest when in your hide-out would be no evidence for a ghoul. But until then I would have taken care of it by myself.
He sat on his bed, headphones playing his favorite music to him and shutting out the world. The pen in his hand was drumming against the piece of paper as he was staring into space. He wondered how his own ideas managed to be so stormy and loud the one time and so quiet and still the other.
listen to you.
Sam snorted and grinned. “Right. Well, it had a spider embroidered on it.“
“I just want to understand.“ Sam said.
After several cruel minutes, Dean finally kicked him in his rips, the waiting almost worse than the arrival. Cas sucked in a sharp breath that shot through him like a knife. His hands moved up to his face to protect it. No more bruises others would see, he promised to himself.
His wife flinched in front of him, her arms falling off him. She scowled at him. “I do not appreciate your tone with me, Anansi.“
Your eyes moved across the old pages and a finger with them. It was quiet around us. And were we in fact together here, it felt like I would be the silent observer of the things you achieve. And I loved it and I still love it now. Even when you don’t do a lot, one can still see so much. The way your lips soundlessly move along, whenever you read a sentence once more to understand its matter even better. The way you raise your eyebrows every now and then and one can practically sense the realization in your head in the air, as if it was something you can touch. And is it actually something so banal and small, but when Dean Winchester realizes something, for me it’s like I would, too. I don’t know its content, but I feel its presence like a glowing light in all the darkness.
Dean was reading in his father’s journal for about the twenty-sixth time. Cas was sitting in a chair in one of the corners, reading in a book about ancient lore. Now that demons were beyond question, because Crowley would always bath in the triumph of his own actions and never deny them, they were back to the start. The room was filled with a certain unspoken rule to shut up and the mutual understanding that this wasn’t getting them anywhere.
He needed to feel the adrenalin high. The one that came from chasing this week’s monster and from the military-worth strategizing before and the killing after. Never had he wished more for the iron stink of blood than in that moment. He even caught himself fantasizing about licking it off his fingers to taste it. The glorious delicacy of being the hunter and not the hunted.
And there it was, your lame-ass excuse. I knew you normally didn't get sick, unless you had fallen from heaven and were turning into a human being, or you miraculously felt human needs, because of something like a Horseman or a witch or any supernatural creature, who could do that, or when you had lost your grace or were slowly running out of it, because it wasn't actually yours. So I did a step towards you and worry rose inside me like the sheer realization that you had just been lying to me. And whenever you’re lying, something real bad had happened, I knew that by now. Your eyes, however, showed nothing but a strange cloudiness, as if you were lost in thought or lost in general, or - if I didn't know better - as if you were high.
“Dean,“ Cas managed, looking straight into the other’s eyes. “Don’t you remember?“
“I think that thunderstorm wasn’t a force of nature at all,“ his brother answered and swallowed some invisible thing in his throat. “And neither was the earthquake. If the lockdown went off, it’s gotta be something supernatural. And how likely d’you think it is to have two of such incidents near us within a few days?“
He needed to calm down. Once again, he wondered if restless and angry was his natural setting now. A nature he’d never wanted to have, yet never had been able to escape. Not really.
Until he was in a wide field. That quiet field he wanted to look at in the early hours of a morning in spring. The first thing he wanted to open his eyes to against the morning sun. Up above the sky wasn’t bright, though, it wasn’t morning. It was night and there were a million stars and galaxies. Constellations and some sort of order only god was supposed to find his way through. He knew that sky. He felt like he knew each and every star hanging there. Like this wasn’t a night sky but a face with freckles that grew more visible in the sunny days.
“I would never accuse you of being a liar, Dean. And I would never judge you because of… because of your drinking. But you need to stay out of the water.“
“What the…,“ you breathed into the darkness. You gaze found first your brother and then me. Well, not really me, you couldn’t see me. But my direction. You were looking around. But your face said everything but what I had hoped to see there: relief. Your eyes were searching for more and your gaze revealed unsettledness. Unsettledness! Why? The potential attacker, the monster of the week, the thing you should have and wanted to kill, was already dead. What was better than that? I have taken that heavy burden from you, but you looked little happy about it.
“Hey,“ you answered and seemed to observe every of my movements. I sat down at the table and ate my peanut butter sandwich. It always was like this. Not a word between us. Only two people existing side by side quietly, coincidentally in the same room of the same bunker and at the same time. Like a secret meeting nobody should know about. I allowed you to look at me, actually it was more like staring, and I didn't say anything. Let you continue. Because it was good to be seen. And sometimes I wonder, whether you’re the only one, who really sees me.
The Winchester frowned, but couldn't help a tiny smile creeping on his lips. “There’s nothing to talk about,“ he said and walked over to the kitchen table and sat down.
And I heard something in that “but“. I can’t really remember what it was, I think I didn’t actually know back then either. But it sounded hesitant and as if it would say everything and at the same time nothing. As if it held something you can’t word. At least not yet. And I wanted nothing more than to fight for accompanying you. I wanted to come with you, I didn’t want to stay behind. But. Something in that “but“ let me understand, that I shouldn’t force it. I shouldn’t intrude myself upon you, otherwise I would push you away.
Dean couldn’t fathom. So what he did was playing the scene over and over again in his head, turning it over, hearing the words better and louder, and trying to decode their meaning.
“No, you can’t, that’s the whole point.“ Dean gave, looking up. “Best is already the highest possible
And then four things happened at once.
A voice in his head that kept ranting there, like a one-man-show nobody had ordered. But no matter how much hate and anger and despair it spread, it also said that there really was something worth seeing. The one detail he’d never seen before. That one thing he didn't want to believe. That one thing the monster inside his brother didn't want to believe.
“Hazardville,“ Sam gave, staring at him. “Does that ring a bell?“
“I am merely a patient here, Agent Starsky. I do have limited time out of my room and am clearly not designed to pay much attention to my surroundings.“
“Outside?“ Sam asked, surprised. “Why?“
. I guess.“ Anansi said and sighed. “Peter Pan.“ He rose and waved a hand, making the tray of pastries on the coffee table disappear. Three pineapples took its place. “I’ll be there, Castiel. I’ll be there when you finally realize that you were never asking for too much. That you were just asking the wrong person.“
He drew back and exhaled. His eyes opened to Cas’ face only inches apart from his own, and he was desperate to find anything there. But there was only stone. Frozen features and glossy blue eyes that stared at him with something inside them that could have been fear, but could as well be affection.
. You won’t do too much harm to them.“ He looked him up and down, then frowned. “Probably.“
,“ Dean gave. “But I’m not into men! It’s only that one man. It’s only him.“
“Yeah,“ I said, “Looks like a ghoul“
“Indiana,“ Sam gave. “I think the darkness is following him.“
The figures in front of him started to blur away, vanished before his eyes as quick as they’d appeared, and Dean ran towards them, reached his hands out to them. But they only closed around air.
The room, which, like every other, contained two beds, a sporadic kitchen, an ugly but serviceable bathroom, and a round table with two chairs, was admittedly not as horrible as the outside view would have suggested. The creme-colored walls were a sharp contrast to the dark carpet, but the friendly beds with their dark wooden, high rising head pieces seemed comfortable and inviting. But I wasn't here to judge the interior design of some motel. And not even a 4-stars-hotel would have made this better for me. The bad feeling in my human stomach grew more and more and every single cell of my being wanted to run away and take you with me away from here.
“Why?!“
“Answer the question,“ I fired and my voice became angrier, my hands became fists, desperately trying to keep my aggression in check. And you? You stared at you hands and closed your eyes. And that was the moment, when I knew I was right. Again someone had lied to me. Again I had to be watertight, and again I failed at it. It was like a labyrinth I couldn't find out of. The never ending story of Dean Winchester and how he is lied to. Episode 9023.
The older one turned back to his coffee, unimpressed, and started to read the newspaper. He scanned the pages but didn't actually read anything. The scent of his coffee climbed up his nose and the cup was warm against his palm. Sam’s tired breathing filled the air and Bert’s cursing echoed against the walls. Dean’s mind was distracted. His mind was still inside his dream. Still feeling the damp earth under his bare feet and the darkness of the oak tree forest and the fear. The last thing he remembered was standing in front of that house, right outside the door on the porch.
“No.“ Carl gave with a smirk.
You sat down opposite to me. No peanut butter sandwich, no Scotch. And I wondered, if you didn’t want to repeat our routine, or if you just didn’t need any of it, because I alone was enough for you for the night. Perhaps I was scared. I don’t know, if I was more scared of you maybe not wanting to be Us anymore, or of me not being able to be enough for you. Perhaps I am, in fact, not enough. But perhaps I am still all you need. Perhaps that fear made me stand up and pour you a glass. You took it, and perhaps I was happy you still wanted what I had to give, even when it was just a tiny, meaningless gesture. I watched you drink, your hands, how they held the glass, as if they hadn’t ever done anything else, your eyes, how they closed, as if you were only able to unfold the full potential of its taste like that, your throat and its swallowing movements, the skin so raw and covered in stubble, and still in its movements so soft and beautiful, and your coated lips, after you put down the glass, and your tongue, how it slid over them.
“Nice shiner, Cas.“ He stated. “Did you guys play fight club, or what?“
Sam and Bert nodded in unison and Dean sighed. This wasn’t good. Weird weather was never good and if it actually followed them, targeted them, then that meant something was after them. And once again they were the hunted and not the hunters, and that hit him a little. It annoyed him more. Always about them, always the toys of one supernatural douchebag or the other.
A little reluctant, he slipped off the Bel Air and into the water. It was so much colder than it looked, reached up to his chest, and he was soaked completely within seconds. Suppressing a shiver, he moved towards the door, a hint of dark iron against the stone wall.
“My inability to heal myself won’t change anything, Dean. I promise.“
“Fine,“ you said, as if to be surprised by it, “job’s done. We’re not in pieces.“
And there it was. Whatever it was, you found it. You spread your arms a little and your eyes were wide open. And a smile of realization. The bright smile of win over a book, which had the purpose to be won over, and over surroundings, which didn’t care what you won. Except for me. I did care. Didn’t you hold my attention completely and alone before already, was it now so tense and fixed, that I didn’t see anything but you, impatiently waiting for you sharing your realization with me. You looked at me, as if you just now remembered I was here as well, and your smile took over your entire face. Your eyes illuminated into mine and the little wrinkles around them immersed your face into a form it takes far too rarely.
“No,“ Anansi gave back with a quiet chuckle. “There once was a bird named Woodpecker that promised his mother to bury her into a stone. The mother was very sick and about to die, and the woodpecker went to bore a stone. Then he turned back and said, “Mother, I try the stone, but I can’t bore it. I’ll bury you into wood.“ And he bore the wood. And after his mother’s death he buried her into wood. That is the reason the woodpecker bores wood.“
Working that case and researching his brains out was all fun and fine and Dean could handle himself without Sam. But he couldn’t handle Cas. There was no one there to keep him from doing something stupid and god knew Dean couldn’t do that himself.
And I remember when I sat in the kitchen in the middle of the night, still confused and angry and desperate, and you came to me. With my favorite drink for bad times I was sitting cross-legged on top of the table, staring at my fingers and considering whether or not it would suck just as much to lose one of them. You slowly stepped into the room and sat down on the chair in front of me then, but I didn't really pay as much attention to you as I should have.
“Are you nuts? Didn’t you see what he’s done to him?“ Sam snapped, gesturing towards the closed door.
The Winchester shot him another look, then cleared his throat. “Dean.“
“A job?“
“You followed us?!“
And when Castiel took another deep breath, as though that would suddenly fill his lungs with oxygen that wasn't there anymore, there was a loud noise echoing in the bunker and everyone looked up. A sound like a train taking off, and then all the lights were turned on and a gush of new air streamed inside.
That dizziness and cruel nausea growing inside him even made it hard to cough. He felt like he was breathing for nothing. Breathing new, breathing for the first time, and yet to no avail.
“Well, it’s not
, Sammy. He’s trying to make fun of me.“
The flames around him flashed and rumbled like waves and he felt them licking at his skin and burning in his eyes. It was so hot that he could feel his hair get braised and the sweat on his forehead and temples sizzle. Then it hit him at once that he was inside a prison of fire and water with no way to escape and no chance to survive. He could dive down and try to reach the beach underwater, but it was so far away and he would need a stop to get air. Where in this sea of fire would he do that?
The demon’s smile grew wider.
“What for? To get myself some injuries? To see people die? Or rather to kill someone, because oh right, I’m meant for that?“
“How can you say that after what I’ve done to you?“
Dean wanted to look away and then he couldn’t. He drowned in those blue eyes like they were water and he got lost in them and lost for air. Somehow there was no anger and no fever, nothing burning inside him. Nothing demanding anything of him. He still wanted to look away. But that would feel like admitting defeat.
“ Sam continued. “So he talks about someone who’s important in some way.“
“Doesn’t mean they don’t exist. How long exactly have you been around anyway?“
“You know,“ I said, as if to order you to know. I did a wave of my hand between us to make it clearer to you, but you only looked like I was trying to make you understand the mechanics of a Transformer or the meaning of some idiom.
“Hello,“ you suddenly interrupted the silence with a raspy and weird voice.
It was time to sit back and live a little for a moment. Because people are so blind when it comes to living. They smoke too much, they drink too much, they spend irresponsibly much money. They laugh too rarely, drive too fast, get irritated too quickly, go to bed too late, get up too tired. They read too little, watch TV too often, pray too rarely. They have multiplied their belongings, but reduced their values. They talk too much, they love too rarely, and they hate too often. They know how to earn a living, but not how to live anymore. They added years to their lives, but not life to their years.
The calm before the storm they say. But nobody ever talks about the fact that there’s a calm after the storm, too. And it’s so much better than the first one. Much clearer, much more obvious, because you know that it’s over, for now. The curtains lifted, the sun comes out, and you see what’s left.
, Dean could feel them thinking, as he looked back into those blue puddles of sorriness and worry that were Castiel’s eyes. He couldn't stand it. They all needed him to be something, always. They needed him to be safe and needed him to keep them safe as well and needed him to talk to them, but kept quiet themselves. He had to be father and protector and leader and guide and brother and nanny, whatever the hell the situation required. And he, he only wanted to be Dean.
Dean remembered how he’d woken up this morning. How stiff he’d felt when he’d cracked open his eyes to a sun that wasn’t there and still managed to produce daylight. How the trickle against the window had been a dull sound in his dreams and an even duller one awake. How Cas in the next bed had still been asleep and buried under sheets and his comforter. And how he’d still seemed to be freezing.
“Why not?“ and I had a thousand reasons why not, minimum. The urge to storm in and shout each and every one of them into your eyes became so big, I was barely able to withstand it. But I had to stay calm. Unseen and undisappointing. Because you didn’t want me to follow you, and couldn’t I fulfill that wish directly, I still had to fulfill it inside your knowledge.
“Because it never ceases to be true, Dean“
“You okay?“ Sam asked, out of the blue.
Sam frowned. His eyes darted around, as though he’d only missed him, as if the room was big enough to miss anything. His heart skipped a beat as he didn't only find the lack of Cas but also his angel blade on the floor. Sam knew Cas always kept it close, even now that he was human. Dawning panic washed over him.
You see? You don’t know my mind the way you know my name. You don’t know my heart the way you know my face. You only and alone know what I show you, what I tell you. A never ending mission, constantly holding me in the present and at the same time in the future, as if I was stuck in between two worlds that desperately tried to become one. I didn't want to despair, I only finally wanted to be there. It was as if I was forever on my way somewhere and I just wanted to arrive. I wanted a happy ending.
Dean woke from his silence. “What? No! What situation are you even talking about?“
Sam glanced at me with both pity and worry in his eyes, when a lazy smile appeared on his face. “You two,“ he just said, as if that was supposed to cover it all, “Can’t you stay apart for just a couple of hours? He’ll be fine, Dean.“
“Do you remember that girl with the golden tongue and teeth?“ he asked, looking across the clearing at a particularly gorgeous oak tree outdoing all the other trees around.
When he sighed and shifted a little on the metal of the pastel-colored 1954 Chevrolet Bel Air, he felt that something was wrong. His backside felt wet. At first he thought he was sweating, but then he remembered that it was pretty damn cold in here.
“Hey,“ Sam said when he entered the kitchen, distracting Dean from the bee. Sam had gotten up early to drive Lilly Smith to the airport so she could go home.
A scrutinizing glance moved over the sleepy figure’s face when Sam asked, “What happened to your eye?“
My thumb slowly moved over your rough skin and I almost wanted to say something, I don't know what, but it would have crashed the beautiful silence anyway. My quiet was no game, no masquerade, not the mask I had worn. My quiet was real and peaceful and exhausted maybe even a bit. Because the road was long, but I had the feeling to finally arrive. And when I suddenly, even for me fully unexpected, like the fiction of our bubble, like the future I had never dared to imagine, laid my lips onto yours, just for a tiny moment really, I finally found out, how much you meant, and how much I meant because of it, too. I was the spot in my labyrinth, and hadn't I found out of it still, I now at least finally had company. And I would get lost even more, if I had you less.
. And you were the one he was talking to in that street. You were the one he turned into a lion.“
. And then he did what he’d been doing his whole life and got into his car.
“Yeah, think about it,“ Sam answered. “He rules over the weather and the ocean, doesn’t that sound like someone who could make it rain all the time and create thunderstorms and earthquakes, or make an ocean burn?“
Then he felt the air beside him shift and opened his eyes to a tan trench coat. In a quick movement he removed his arms from the backrest and folded his hands in his lap. There goes the calmness.
He whirled around and stormed out of the room, along the hallways. “CAS?“ he kept shouting, increasingly louder the longer he got no answer. “CAS!“
Dean smiled. “You’re kidding,“ he said. “Right?“
Dean shot up and Cas flinched so much by that sudden movement that he stood up as well. A hunter and his prey. They stared at each other, irritation on the one side and promises on the other. And Dean lost it.
What about Dean?
Four minutes and thirty-five seconds later, Castiel stood in their motel room and almost startled Dean to death.
“We have a job,“ you announced with so much cheerfulness in your voice, one could have almost believed you meant something nice. Then again, I could see the glow and knew it probably was nice for you.
“Sleeping.“
Bert was working on his rusted old car and looked up at the sound of Sam entering and calling Cas’ name. “What is it?“ Bert asked, then looked away. As though he only now remembered that he wasn't on speaking terms with the Winchester.
So was he okay?
Castiel stopped his staring at one very interesting spot in the grass and looked up at him. “Bringing you a bottle of beer.“
Cas nodded and looked at his black shoes. His lower lip started trembling and then he whispered, “Why don’t you come back inside?“
Dean turned away from the nurse’s flirty look and held up one hand. “No,“ he said, staring him down with knitted brows.
Cas reached out again, just as hesitant and cautious, but this time he wouldn’t be fooled by Dean’s appearance. It was still Dean, after all. And then he could do it. He settled his hand on the soft forehead and felt the warmth radiating from the animal fill his every nerve. His thumb dared to move then, drawing slow lines across the lions head, and then his palm moved down over his nose and he drew back.
need, huh?“
“Well, thanks for the cheerleading, feather ass, you suck at it.“
“You do remember that, right?“
She looked up at the Winchester with weary eyes. Castiel stood up and stepped closer, touching Sam’s arm. “Sam, maybe we should let her rest a little.“
“I found a job for us,“ I answered randomly and kept on packing. My gun. I needed my gun.
Sam and Dean were sitting in one of the booths in some diner in Old Saybrook, ready as ever for breakfast. Dean was already playing with the menu. Sam tried to read the paper, despite the annoying sounds his brother made, knowing that patience had never been Dean’s area of expertise.
“I uh…,“ Sam began, running a hand through his hair. “I noticed… something’s off about you and Cas.“
“You think whatever it is, it’s following us,“ Dean concluded. He ran a hand over his face.
Cas’ hands were so warm and soft that he felt overwhelmed with some sort of burden coming off him. And when his forehead settled on Cas’ shoulder, because he still couldn’t stop, Cas stood still and careful and steady against him.
Two, the guy across the table had a good time provoking people.
“Something’s wrong with you, isn't it? First the jacket, then the parking lot, now the necklace. You keep forgetting things.“
“Say something“
Sam managed to remove his eyes from his brother and looked at Bert for the first time since he’d left the car. “Yeah. We gotta start somewhere.“
that told him to cut the bullshitting.
“Dean“
I paused and looked at you. You looked, as if you weren’t so fond of my gaze, and maybe I liked that there are gazes in my repertoire, which make people insecure. But not this one. I didn’t like this one as well. Because it came with my own insecurity. And I knew how I looked. The avoiding eyes, which want to do anything but look into yours. The half open mouth, which waits for words I still have to think about. I knew I had to try and say it in a way you wouldn’t misunderstand or feel hurt. And I knew that you hated that gaze. Because there never followed anything good after it. At least seeing it from your point of view. I was about to say something you wouldn’t like. Sometimes I have to. Sometimes there are these sentences and they’re not good. They’re never good, not for you. But that doesn’t change anything about the fact that I have to say them.
“That’s the connection! All the victims had someone tell them some sort of secret and then they disappeared right after that! That can’t be a coincidence!“
“You gonna cry now?“ he spit. “I meant
He loved him. He loved everything about him, all the good and all the bad even. For all his existence, he had believed love was something humans only thought they felt. A biochemical reaction, based on instinct and drive and embedded in their DNA, and they imagined it to be something more. Something they couldn’t grasp or comprehend, some belief they worshiped, much like a religion.
“Sam?“ he whispered, because he couldn't see the person. But there was no answer.
. Then again, that’s probably what they’re going for. The broad variety of choice. The miracle of a thousand things hidden behind a single word.
However, a little later you came back, another bottle of Scotch in your hand. I noticed the distance you kept from me, though, I had probably scared you. You sat down next to me with a gap between us that seemed like a wide open canyon to me, while it was actually only a few inches. You put down the bottle and kept silent. Somehow I wished you would just say something, somehow I really wished you wouldn’t. I wanted you to take away the pain. Extinguish the flames inside me and touch me like you always do, so I could fall into you and for you all over again and you could take away that foul stink I was radiating by being so miserable. You would say some catch-all phrase like
There was a rough grunt to his side and he found the bookshelf had fallen over, too. There was someone buried under it.
_________
As the coffee maker stopped with its painful noise and offered him the gift of caffein, he took it thankfully and brought it to their kitchen table. Dark polished wood that was some sort of shelter for them, ever since they’d moved in here. A place to talk.
But in the end, it didn’t matter how enlightening this experience had been or how good it had felt. No matter the lack of words and the unspoken agreements in that smallest naked instant that they’d shared, in the end, Cas had still been afraid of him. And Dean wondered why he was still here and still tried his best and still wanted to be near him.
two people who’d met somewhere along the way and stuck together. Or
Dean fell out of his deadness for a second and looked right back at his brother. There was a twitch building by Dean’s eyes first, like a nervous tic. Then it vanished and his face smoothed back out into deadpan.
Cas smiled. Then the earthquake began.
Sam frowned at her, but then decided to let her in. “Who are you?“
Maybe his heart wasn’t broken. Maybe it was only growing.
And I searched. I searched for the mistake I had made. Why did you react like that? Why weren’t you relieved? Why did you lay your hands on your head, like you always do, whenever you feel helpless, whenever you don’t know what to do? Why did your fist hit the cold, dusty stonewalls and why did you shout “damn it“? I didn’t understand the world anymore. I didn’t understand you anymore. At least for the moment. Your hand rubbed across your face, while your eyes fixed on the dead body in front of you, with a look that didn’t show success, but failure. And I realized: perhaps I missed something.
“Cas“
Castiel wanted to draw away and bring distance between them. There was nothing to be afraid of, he told himself. He was an angel, so much more powerful than most other species. So much mightier than an ordinary human being could ever be. Only that Dean wasn’t ordinary.
Cas didn’t watch his hand or his arm, he only watched some distant spot somewhere near the hunter’s head. Maybe lost in thought, maybe caught by how his shirt turned wetter and wetter on top of his shoulders or how the rain and wind outside played their song.
And four, the freezing coldness turned into a blood-boiling heat.
Sam and Cas had been on the way to the bar when he’d run into them. Literally. Turned out Sam had called him a few times with no answer, so he and Cas had gone out to search for him. Wouldn't they ever stop worrying about him?
“Does it, though?“ Dean asked, leaning forward and settling his forearms on the table. “I’m telling you, he’s just making fun of us, it’s not gonna get us anywhere.“
Again Dean wondered if Bert knew more than he should and if he would tell anybody, and that scared him.
“I sat up earlier,“ Dean slurred, his breathing heavy and heaved. “But I had to lie down again.“
“I… don’t know…,“ you stammered, “probably an old stain“
They made their way to the garage and when Dean looked at the dark door he felt something like a déjà vu creeping up his spine. Last time something weird happened around the bunker he’d been on the other side of that door, swimming through a pool of dirty rainwater and freezing his butt off. How time changed.
“Hey! Hey—hey!“ Sam came in-between them, his hands raised and facing his brother. “Calm it, Dean. Okay? Calm down.“ He touched the older one’s shoulder and fixed his eyes.
“Why’d you bring him along anyway?“ Rick asked and I could feel a hint of disgust in his voice.
And even when a lot of me wanted to let you go, there was much more that didn't want that. It’s weird, how someone can disappoint us over and over again and we can still want him to be with us. As if we needed it to be disappointed. As if we needed the drama. As if we needed someone, who reminds us again and again of how bad life can be, so we realize what is good for us. Like a lesson we teach ourselves. A practice parkour, in the manner of speaking. A labyrinth. And while everyone else is the architect of their own fortune, I’m only the architect of this labyrinth. And sometimes I’m standing in it and cry for help. And sometimes it’s not help I cry for, but things I have to say, so I won’t break. To stay watertight, to lute the cracks in my wall.
He was still no taller than that moment, but he seemed to get there.
“Well… back then, there was that one day. I was sitting in my parents’ bedroom and looked at a picture of them. And I realized that I’m not crying. I wasn’t even sad or anything. So I took out my pocket knife and I started cutting into my arm. Not harmful cuts, it didn't even bleed that much.“ He coughed and wheezed away that nasty itch in his throat. He rubbed his forehead, feeling a building headache. “But it did bleed. I really needed to see if I can still bleed. To see if I still feel.“
He turned his head back to staring ahead into the darkness of their surroundings, only one little weak lamp glowing overhead. The dark seemed to crawl up on him, crowding up his space and climbing over him like heavy shadows. He closed his eyes again, trying not to notice it.
Dean’s heartbeat sped up so rapidly, he was barely keeping up with it. It seemed about to skyrocket out of his body. “What was inside?“ he rushed out, as though to stop Castiel by it.
“Oh my dear little Castiel.“ The man said, making the angel even more little.
It felt like forever that any of them even dared to blink, as they kept staring at each other with no word and no movement at all. Dean inhaled and it felt like he hadn't been breathing for hours.
“It’s alright,“ he said. “It’s okay, Dean.“
Anansi chuckled. “I have no intention to harm you, Castiel. But, of course, you won’t believe me.“ He leaned to the tray and took a spoon from a jar of sugar. About seven spoons landed in the coffee, before he turned back to Cas, the cup in his hand. “Here. Have some coffee.“
the one who caused this in the first place!“ Cas snapped.
Little pearls of sweat tickled on his upper lip and below his lower one, as he walked across the cool concrete floor towards a small bundled shape sitting against one of the shelfs. Cas had pulled off his shoes as well, probably enjoying the cold feeling of the ground against his naked soles just as much. His white dress shirt seemed almost transparent and Dean could see the color of his skin peeking through it by his shoulders and his chest. His arms loosely braced on his pulled up knees. Actually, he looked more loose than Dean had seen him in years. Maybe in forever.
I remember, how I was wandering around the hallways of your bunker again and felt completely useless. And I wished, I could disappear in one of those grey walls and, in my unimportantness, at least not burden anything. As if the ground was sick of having to carry me and the air of being breathed by me. But one day I would mean something to you. One day I would be useful and the ground would carry me and the air would love me.
“No, I’m not okay.“ Dean continued. “I’m pretty damn far from okay.“
“You can stay,“ you said out of nowhere, “but I don’t wanna see you.“
There was a gurgle now, a bubbling also, and somewhere in the water there was movement. He narrowed his eyes and tried to adjust his hazed vision and knitted his brows. Was there… a face?
He slipped out of their room and walked along the path by the building to the door behind which he knew was Castiel’s room. He skipped the knocking and strode right in. The door slammed shut behind him with a loud thump.
and the door lifted and fell away.
Dean looked annoyed. “Nothing at all? Not even things you wouldn’t consider unusual, like say… flickering lights? Strange smells? The temperature dropping?“
He calmed down. His list had done the trick again. No matter how old and yellowed the paper was already and how the words were barely even readable anymore, it still worked. And when his eyes had flown over it and chosen his favorite, he’d felt relieved. The way you feel relieved when a burden falls off of your shoulders.
“Dean,“ he said into the million miles of silence that had spread between them. The name rumbled in his throat and made his vocal cords vibrate in that way that only that particular word would ever be able to do. There was something in the lion’s eyes that recognized the weight of that sound and it blinked, a slow and gentle blink that was almost like closing its eyes.
“Yeah,“ Sam said, rubbing his chin. “Maybe some sort of warrior? Warriors are often compared to lions, right? And that would make him both fearless and broken. It also says
“The rain,“ Bert drawled then, and none of the others seemed to get what he meant. There was always rain, there was always the grey and drab of cloudy sky and dampness and puddles and drops following them everywhere and at any time.
As he found the pictures in the front, showing his parents and his brother and himself, he paused. His brows rose just like the imminent dawning of yet another memory he’d lost. He’d been sure he’d never seen that journal before. But now he realized he’d seen it so often throughout his entire life, the fact that he hadn’t recognized it at first should shock him.
That part of him that could fight the other part. The one that thought it was better to make victims than to be one. The one that thought it was better to fight someone else than to fight himself. The one that had made Cas follow him and corrupted him so much that it had made the man who had once been an angel make all those heavenly mistakes. The one that couldn't bear the fact that he was the one to blame for Cas’ fall.
He’d been waiting all his life for someone to discover his real self and now he feared someone actually did.
“Hey, Bert,“ Sam said after a while, his brief observation of the other hunter going unnoticed. “Can I ask you something?“
Dean remembered how it usually ended when he allowed himself to do this. Even when it was only for a second, he would catch himself turning angry with himself. And then angry with the situation. And then angry with Cas. And then angry with everything. So he drew back his hand, took a step back, cautious, warning himself.
“Uh… nothing, I just…,“ I stammered and fought for words, until I decided this wasn't the right time for lies. “It’s Cas. I dunno where he is“
They hadn’t found a lead. Yet, or maybe because of it, Dean, Cas, Sam, and Bert had decided to regroup. Three cases at once in three different cities was proving to be one heck of work, even for them. Also, they hadn’t found a
Funny how rapidly things could change with just one simple lead. Hunting was a job after all, and finishing a job made you feel good, right? And even when they hadn't finished anything yet, they were one step closer to do so and that did feel good.
I came to you into the room with all the dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, and smiled. There you were. Calm, save, okay. My hands grabbed your shoulders for a moment, when I went past you. I sat down on the chair next to you and saw your eyes following me. As if you had just been sitting here the whole time and done nothing, as if you were on standby, whenever I’m not here. And somehow I liked that idea. I was so happy to see you. You were like the harbor I had just left, only to come back to you, my own weird harbor.
“Can’t you just fly out here and get me inside?“
Only a few feet away from the tree Castiel reached out his hand, the need to touch it a tumultuous longing he couldn't control. But before he got the chance to, he was sucked into something else, blinded at last. Removed from this place but not from his longing.
I didn’t know, if you meant It, the truth of what I had said, or It, that you would get through it, or perhaps even a fully other It. There were infinite possibilities inside your words, so that it seemed impossible for me to find words that could answer to them. So I put my hand on your cheek, my thumb slightly stroking the rough skin, and answered with my eyes. You would get over it. Because love is kind and above all but more healing than anything else in this world. And it was almost funny that something so sad would get you so much closer to me.
“Who?“
“Thanks, Cas,“ I said at some point, “for the Scotch, I mean“
He shouldn't go in, he should go back to that bar, he couldn’t move, but he needed to. He felt tremors of emotion thunder through him, shaking him awake and at the same time into some sort of trance. He shivered because it was cold, but he was also sweating. All that tension and anger, and then denial and the will to avoid doing it. But so many parts of him screamed and longed for it. For a relief, for a way out, for a release of all that pressure, for feeling powerful while he was weak. It was a mess and he was about to lose control. He turned the knob because he couldn’t get over himself. The monster took over.
“I’m sorry, Dean,“ I said therefore, meaning my actual action you didn't know about, but pretending to mean something else.
He closed his eyes. Dean was angry with him and Dean had every right to be. He should have left a note when he’d gone outside while Dean had been dozing on his bed. He’d thought Dean wouldn't even notice that he was gone. He’d thought a short walk could help him set his mind straight. How wrong he’d been to be so foolish.
“I suppose you took a swim and it went horribly wrong.“
Bert nodded to himself, then drove his car to the side of the road. “You mind driving for a bit?“
“Oh, he can fight, trust me,“ I said, while my eyes moved to the ground and I had to smile with the mere memory of all the times you had fought heroically. You had pulled me out of the dirt so incredibly often already and saved me, I had lost count, and I wouldn't even know where to begin explaining how much of a fighter you were.
The Winchester was still avoiding his eyes. Even when there was some right in Bert’s words, there was also so much wrong. He couldn't let this happen again.
No one wanted him.
He was breathing calmly, but inside his head there was chaos. Each and every braincell was trying to figure out what had happened, where it had started, and most importantly, why. The only thing he found was a distant memory of himself, cowering in some corner and covering his face with his arms. He was a child, small and bony, and there was his dad thrashing down on him. He wondered what he’d done to deserve that, but dismissed this thought right away. John hadn't needed a reason.
He bit into a shoulder, feeling devilish, as he threw his fist down into flesh and bones and forced himself between legs. His hands found a throat to wrap around and took away the air and turned it into quiet gurgling. Then he thrashed down again, hurled a face against wood, blind and murderous. There was a distant cry of pain.
“Good things do happen, Dean,“ I said and reminded us both of the night we had met for the first time. Inside the corrugated sheet iron structure you and Bobby had scribbled on all sorts of symbols against all sorts of creatures, only not such against creatures like me. Where you had repeatedly, and with all you had, tried to kill me, only to realize that you had nothing and couldn’t do it and that I am a thing you neither knew, nor had believed was real.
did I start?“
Something inside me knew, I mean, I had a tiny idea, that you could have the feeling to be not important enough for me, not as important as Sam. There was this invisible war between you two, but Sam probably didn’t know about it, the fight for my attention. And it was ridiculous. My attention isn’t something worth fighting for. But Sam is my brother and he is everything in this world that is good for me. He is a cramp at my heels, a burden sometimes, sometimes he disappoints me, sometimes he makes a mistake, and sometimes I have to pull him out of crap. But he is the only family I have left, and never would anything or anyone be more important to me than Sam. Maybe I should have taken you with me to that job, after all, I definitely should have done that, but at that time I didn’t know, what I know now. You nodded and left my room without a word. You were mortified.
Dean sighed. His pen drummed against his lip. He put it down to the piece of paper and wrote:
“I already did. You’re handsome. That’s what I wanted to share.“
“Lions. Like… they’d flinch, out of nowhere, and babble about lions.“
“Not that I wanna go and complain about your lovely home, guys, but did it get dramatically hotter in here?“ Bert asked, standing in the doorway.
“Ridiculous. Also, I don’t need your permission.“
Dean, though, hated storms. He took a deep breath before getting out of the Impala and ran towards the concrete block building like he was running for his life, Castiel right behind him. Inside, Dean ran a hand through his soaked hair and as he gazed over he found the angel all dry and shiny.
“… but I’d prefer if you stayed here,“ you continued, after several moments of quiet silence, “so at least one of us is save“
I closed my book and stood up. I left the room, without wasting a single look for you, or a word. I disappeared in the hallways of the bunker and moved towards the kitchen, from where I heard typing sounds. Having entered the room, I felt all the memories it held inside, but not vivid anymore, as if it had been only yesterday, like the memory of something good. Not like rainbows and unicorns anymore, only like dead and buried and like the dreams I couldn't run from any longer. I found Sam on his laptop, apparently doing some research. He looked up at me and seemed almost surprised to see me.
Bert smiled. “That’s not the only reason, that’s what’s obvious.“
That was what enraged Dean the most. Nothing to fear. He felt more intimidated than he wanted to admit.
“Dean“
Thanks so much for the kudos, bookmarks, and subscriptions so far! :)
Something about Cas’ tone shook with warning and Sam’s heart jumped straight to alarm. “What d’you mean, he’s not there? Did you look everywhere?“
Cas kneeled down at his side and settled a hand on his shoulder and observed his eyes. “Are you okay, Dean?“
“Hey,“ he heard from behind but didn't turn around.
“You wanna start in Hazardville?“ he asked.
was on his lips, but it never found its way out. He stood there as if frozen to the ground and his face was a silent mask of untellable mysteries.
He drew back and stared at her, his brows knitted. He took some deep breaths to calm down his rising anger and then his face smoothed back. “Our son proved to be wiser than me when he suggested to put the calabash full of wisdom on my back instead of my front to be able to climb the tree. And he proved to be wiser when I ended up pouring all that gathered wisdom over the world. After all, if I wouldn't have done so, it were a lot more boring to play with humans now. I might have been angry back then, but I’m not angry anymore. I’m proud, actually. And he is not the reason why I do this.“
Dean searched his face, though he wasn't sure what he was trying to find there. “Did you go inside?“ he barely managed to ask, his voice rough as gravel. He uncrossed his arms and braced them on the desk, as though he needed hold.
“It is.“ Cas said. “But it’s not your fault that you are like this.“
“What happened to your precious little angel over there?“ Crowley asked, eyeballing Cas. No one said anything, so the demon sighed and put his hands in his trouser pockets. “Are you morons going to tell me why you summoned me, or did you just miss me that much?“
Sam realized that Cas wouldn't talk. He would have to give him some time. He would have to take care of him, make him feel better. And he’d protect him better than he’d protected Dean. He would make it right this time.
“Is it working?“ he asked.
, I can’t fucking get into the bunker, it’s in lockdown,“ Dean yelled. “You know how to turn that off?“
“Why would you do that?“
After you had been wandering around the room for a bit, like I still do it from time to time in the hallways, he cleared his throat and closed his computer. His hands folding in front of him on the table, as if he prayed for getting anything out of you this time. Because you’re a pit with a false bottom, you talk and say, but one never really seems to find out everything.
Sam cocked his head and smiled. “I don’t. Not after what you’ve done to him.“
You did a step towards me and you looked worried. I almost felt bad about lying to you, but then again it wasn't really a lie, because I actually felt sick. And I imagined you coming to me and putting your hand on my face and you finger moving over my rough skin, you looking into my eyes and feeling what I feel, and knowing what I know. That we belong together and need to protect our thing and that there’s nothing that could change anything about that. That we’ve gone this entire painful, disastrous way together and are now here, where we were, and it needs no threat, no blackmail and no decisions anymore to share the same world through the same eyes. And then instead, back in reality, you put your hand on not-my-face-my-shoulder and looked into my eyes, without seeing and feeling what I saw and felt, with a smile that couldn't have been any more friendship-y. And again I lost my head.
He shifted a little on the bed, his back against the oak wood headpiece that was so familiar and yet so strange. A symbol for a lie about bruises and bed frames that sat in this room and reminded him of things that had never happened.
He didn’t know what Dean was sorry for.
And Dean was still no taller than that moment.
I knew sooner or later you would find out that Rick is dead. And you would look into it, you would try to find all the answers waiting for you out there. And it would hurt to know he’s dead, to know that you’ve lost him. And then I would be here again, like always, here for you and would catch you and comfort you and listen to you not being able to stop getting worked up about it and yelling and being angry and realizing your own mortality. And it would get horrible and difficult, but I would be there. Because good things do happen, Dean. They do. And you would say words and be scared and fear, for everything and everyone, and for you and for me, and for the world itself. But it would die away. Because you still had me. Without any distraction and without easy illusions you could turn to. Because in the end I am the only thing you really need.
It had been an hour and twenty-three minutes and Dean was still outside. It was no unsolvable mystery why, Castiel knew that the hunter gave his best to avoid him. Around him was the pure quietude of their bunker. It was solacing in a way, but nonetheless bone-crushing.
“He killed someone, Sam“
The lion gracefully strode across the room on silent paws. His eyes only left Cas’ when he jumped onto the second bed. He stood there for a moment, eying the sheets, as though to figure out if the bed could hold his over 400 pounds of weight. Then he lay down. His posture wasn’t as relaxed as it had been back in the corner and maybe that was because he wasn’t.
Dean felt a spark of victory in his stomach, a spark so little, yet so potent to light the world on fire. It shouldn't flatter him as much as it did, but it was the only upper hand he had left. There was a starting fire within his state of drowning in the blindness of not knowing who he was up against. What threatened to kill that fire, though, was the feeling of being analyzed straight down to his very bones. A complete stranger told him about his observations and once again it was all about Dean. And nothing good ever came from that.
I liked Rick a lot. I even admired him in a way. He was this strong, down-to-earth person, always fighting for the good, always winning, always surviving. He was one of the best hunters I knew, and if there’s one thing I respect, then it’s effort and a strong will for doing the right thing to do. We weren't that type of friends, who tell each other everything, hell, we never actually told each other anything about our respective lives, but we were still friends. Bonded by the same will and goal, living lives that weren't too different from one another. I barely knew anything about him personally, but I knew he was good and I knew he was good at hunting. And that’s enough for me.
And I remember that day then. After we’d been driving around for several hours in my beloved Impala, we finally arrived at our aim. Sammy had been sitting shotgun and you were in the backseat, visibly unhappy, though. Sam and I had been talking about the case, me being totally enthusiastic, for my constant love for vampire hunts and hunting itself, as usual, and Sammy being his skeptic questioning self, for his constant distrust of other hunters, also as usual. At some point I had had enough of chit-chatting and maneuvering myself out of the corner Sam had put me in and turned the music too loud for him to drown it out. Every now and then I had looked back at you through the rearview and found you muted and bored maybe.
I tried to come up with anything to say in order to make you tell me the truth. Maybe, I thought, I could say
, he thought.
A couple of minutes passed and then the lion rose to his feet. He shook his body and mane, a dark glowing mahogany flow of hair standing against his light fur, and made a hesitant step out of his corner. Cas didn't move, nor looked away, holding the mutual stare like his life depended on it. And maybe it did.
This late morning, some hours after breakfast, the rain trickled against the windows from the grey sky. The air was damp and loaded and it was almost impossible not to feel soaked. Even in the same dry clothes, in the same old motel room, in the same old town. It was another motel, because they had been kicked out after wrecking the other place. And it was also another day, because obviously time moved on. But all felt the same old anything, and that was something to say, considering all that had happened.
Sam and I sneaked around on said graveyard, like cats searching for their next prey. The wrong one, though, we realized. No prey, no tomb, at least not the right one. And we understood quickly, and just as quickly we went to the only other graveyard in this city. No win all along the line, but the process of elimination then. Having arrived, our weapons were ready and our eyes sharp. We found the tomb, the right hide-out of the ghoul we hunted, and went inside. Cautious steps led us deeper and deeper inside and a feeling was hanging in the air that told me there wouldn't be a fight here. No hunt. No win. No success. We stopped, as we found a dead body on the concrete floor, which was covered in old leaves.
He felt along the white smooth window frame which looked so new that he assumed it had been replaced not long ago. There were no carvings or symbols painted anywhere. Then he breathed against the windowpane, looking for the usual messages ghosts liked so much to leave behind. He’d always thought they all struggled with some serious case of low self-esteem, longing for attention as much as they were. There was nothing there. And when he lowered his eyes down to the window sill and felt over it there was nothing there either. But then there was.
“How’ve you been?“ I asked and it almost looked like I had given you a riddle or an encrypted message, because you eyeballed your hands for a moment, as if you wouldn't know the answer to my question.
“You would like that, wouldn't you?“ Anansi looked down at Dean’s hands on his suit and raised a brow. The hands instantly dropped and Dean looked at him in surprise. Anansi shoved his own hands into his trouser pockets.
“Yeah. No. Wait a second.“ Dean gave back. He went back to his frantic searching and rummaging and turning each proverbial stone and every possible item around. He got more desperate by the second and something started swelling in his chest at the prospect that something bad had happened.
I went on and took John’s diary. Felt its brown leather cover and the weight of the pages, which hold so much history inside them. And just when I wanted to open it, like I do it every now and then to remember all the things I know about you and your family, I sensed your breathing changing and your body moving. I winced, put back the book hastily and disguised my presence with invisibility. I would scare you to death, would you open your eyes and find me in the middle of your room. You sat up and looked around. I found insecurity in your eyes, even when it was too dark to really interpret it. I sensed you had the feeling someone was here, the fear that flared up inside you for a little moment. But you shook it off and dared to have a look at the clock. One minute after six.
Meanwhile, Sam smiled. Now, it wasn’t a happy smile, or a pleased one. It was the type that hides away another emotion. He didn’t want to talk about his brother and his angel, but at the same time he really
And it was all back to normal. The two motel rooms in Old Saybrook, Connecticut, and the four men occupying their four beds had settled down into a peaceful quiet, each one of them busy with their own stuff. Sam, for instance, had his nose buried deep inside the web, and Bert was doing the same thing with paperbacks and hardcovers from the last century. They’d found some sort of routine, where Sam and Bert did all the boring stuff and Dean was bored out of his skin. Cas was somewhere in the middle of that.
What, though, what if the person you’d take a bullet for stands behind the trigger?
It was a sensation so far off the world. All his nerves started curling in on themselves and firing info to his brain that he needed to get out. But there was no way out and that sudden realization hit him like a punch in his gut and killed all the air in his lungs. This was his end. Not by a bullet to his heart or a knife at his throat but by something as surreal and illogical as a burning body of water. There was only one question left: Would he drown or burn to death?
“For how long have you been following us… me?“ you wanted to know, and for a minute I thought about presenting the entire truth to you. Honesty as the solid basis of our new We, just as stable as your bunker around us. But I couldn’t give you what you wanted. Not yet. You weren’t ready yet to learn about it all, to understand the whole big meaning of my actions. So I clouded that truth as good as I could, because lie to you I could not.
His jeans and boxers were somewhere by his knees when he started stroking himself. Lazy strokes, while he kept kissing her neck and licked at her skin. All of a sudden he felt stressed and dried out. His strokes became faster and more forceful, as her hands were everywhere and her longing moans and heavy breathing put him under so much pressure to start already. He wavered.
Bert cleared his throat and leaned against the cold counter next to Dean. “So,“ he said, fumbling along the stainless steel with his hands and training his eyes on the other hunter. “This is your home then, huh?“
Sam rolled his eyes at him. “Nothing. That’s the point. He’s obviously trying to tell us something with this. He’s—“ He stared back at the piece of paper in front of him. “He’s addressing someone, or— or talking about someone.
Dean put the bottle down, practically smashing it into the sandy ground, then made a few steps closer to the water. There
It was late evening and Dean was helping himself and his starting headache with a fine glass of whiskey. After Sam and Bert had talked to another person lacking a family member, they had regrouped and still had absolutely fucking nothing. Twelve missing people.
He’d expected to find the former angel sitting on his bed. Or lying in his bed. Or somewhere in the room doing nothing in the quiet sadness surrounding him ever since Dean had left. Or maybe even since before that. He’d expected to make another attempt to talk to him and fail again, almost felt angry about it before it even happened. He’d expected to find anything.
Dean had lost the ability to breathe properly. He felt like he was inhaling steam instead of proper air. He’d lost the memory of how it felt not to sweat, his t-shirt so soaked that it had turned a darker shade of grey entirely. He’d lost so much liquid from his body, he couldn’t stop drinking water. Water. The last time he’d drunk so much water was when he’d climbed out of his own grave. He felt so dried out that every drop of it seemed like a drop on hot stone, instantly sizzling away into the steam he was breathing in.
The sigh of relief shooting out of me then felt like I had been grazed by a bullet, closing my eyes for the mere realization that it hadn't killed me. “Yeah,“ I simply replied, my voice almost a whisper.
, something they say Anansi likes to eat. Anansi likes food, especially sweet fruits and desserts.“
Cas shifted on his spot, then put the cup of coffee down on the table. He turned and went to leave the room.
“I’m just tired, Sammy. Don’t worry.“ He said.
It wasn’t a question, it was a statement, a dismissive comment spoken with a voice Cas recognized all too well. His head darted around and found the stranger leaning against the kitchenette. His arms and legs were crossed and he smiled like he was watching monkeys at the zoo playing around. But before he could ask all the questions, the man continued.
That investigation had done pretty damn nothing. Save for seeing with their own eyes whatever spell or curse affected those people, and almost having heart attacks by one of them screaming “LION!!!“ at them in the middle of a moment of consideration how to go on — a plastic cup of bad coffee had flown all across the room then — they didn’t know any more than before. Dean was thinking witches.
You got yourself a glass and thoughtfully filled it with your favorite Scotch. I knew it was your favorite, because I know everything about you, and I had bought it for you. I stared at you and didn’t care I wasn’t allowed to. I couldn’t see your face, but even your back told me, that you tried hard to hide your feelings from me. A secret hide-out, maybe a tree in your inside I couldn’t see behind. And when you turned around, I saw your mask. You acted as if nothing had ever happened, as if it was all fine, or even worse, as if nothing of it mattered. The perfection of your pretend indifference hit me like the proverbial flash the unlucky man. And could I usually admire even this one talent of yours, I now only admired your absolute quiet.
Dean had forgotten what he was. Forgotten what he’d felt. Forgotten that he wasn't that good person he wanted to be. Forgotten that he had the choice. Dean had forgotten what a simple comment could do. And what reactions to that comment could imply.
“You can’t just follow us like a goddamn stalker“
, in all those spoken apologies and all the unspoken ones, in all that there was a
Normally, he would have been at it minutes ago, bathing in the pool of sweat and heat and connecting with her body in a way he only had too rarely. Now, he didn’t know. He wasn’t hard enough to move into her, he wasn’t even turned on enough to do it. He wasn’t ready.
“So, I thought we’d start looking for Anansi where it all started,“ Sam said, finally sitting down with them.
!“ Bert exclaimed right after stepping inside. He grasped the railing and leaned over it, peering down into the war room and the big map table, as though he’d just discovered treasure island. His feet stomped down the stairs as he ran past Dean and touched everything there was to see.
“That was Rick,“ you said, as if I was supposed to know, who that was, when really, I had no idea, “he told me about a vampire nest outside Wisconsin a couple of days ago already. We’re in“
I heard slow steps in the hallways and shortly after a cautious knock on my door.
“Yes.“
I wandered around the room for a few minutes, as if not to know what I wanted here, and really, I actually didn’t. Sam shut his computer, his hands folding in front of him on the table, as if he would pray. And I knew what he was praying for. He wanted to start a conversation, he wanted to talk to me, he wanted to learn about it all, I could see that. And even when I had always found the therapy session like conversations with him ridiculous and mostly unneeded, in that moment it seemed in a strange way just perfect. I needed to talk to someone about how betrayed I felt, and with whom would that be better than with someone, who has already betrayed me.
