Tony didn't know how long it took, but after a while he started to zone out in that very focused way he usually got when he was working on a particularly challanging project in his workshop. The world fell away and all that was left was Steve's voice, guiding him. He was a bit surprised when Steve told him to stop one more time and then there were arms around his shoulders. Steve's voice spoke right next to his ear, his breath tickling the hairs on the back of his neck.
Steve went  around him and proceeded to tie the cloth around Tony's eyes, checking to make sure he couldn't see out of the bottoms or the corners or anything.
“And yes, I’m worried. Who wouldn’t be. But I don’t need psych voodoo, I don’t need to waste time spilling my guts to people who don’t know me or care about me, people who might sell me off to the news papers at any moment,”
Just as realization dawned on him, a collar snapped around his neck and forgetting all about permissions and kneeling and shoes, he looked up.
Tony’s hitching answer was the sweetest of music to Steve’s ears and he bent to kiss the genius. Not gently, but slowly, forcefully, he pushed his tongue between Tony’s cracked but thankfully warm lips to taste him properly. Tony didn’t even put up token resistance, he stilled for a moment in surprise but then he pushed back, trying to kiss Steve back, his hands clawing at Steve’s waist and hips, wherever he could reached, trying to pull Steve closer.
"You did remarkably well with the obstacle course and I did promise you a reward." He nodded thoughtfully. "Alright, you can have a notebook and a pen. No computers, tablets, or phones though. No internet for now. You can have one of my notebooks."
“I don’t believe I wouldn’t want you. I maybe headstrong and spoilt and whatever, and I believe I may have given you shit. But I can’t believe I wouldn’t want you.” Tony squeezed Steve’s hand, “I remember you. Take it as proof that you made an impression on me. I don’t know if it’s because I hated you and wanted to sleep with you, or because I wanted to kneel for you and couldn’t talk myself into it, or what,” Steve’s eyes widened at the unashamed, brutal, raw honesty in Tony’s words,  but Tony kept going “but I do remember you Steve. I’m not a spiritual guy but it still must mean something. Of all the people, in my brain, neural connections with your name on it were the strongest. There must be a reason.”
What a pleasure it was to see that they managed to reach the quality of the first Avengers film! Just FYI I'm team Cap all the way but I appreciate Tony's point of view in all aspects. Gotta love a strong conflict!
“I thought I’d bring over the documents you requested by hand and check on Mr Stark. I heard about his little panic attack in the R&D lab. SHIELD needs to know if his memories have come back.”
Jarvis gave no reply.
“Thor?? As in Norse god of thunder? You are bullshitting me right now and it’s absolutely despicable of you to make fun of a disabled person. I thought you were better than that.”He had sniffed and pouted until Steve’d produced actual video footage of Iron Man fighting alongside a certain blond hunk wielding a hammer which could apparently call down thunder. The whole concept had blown Tony’s mind.
"Oh that's so unfair!"
Tony opened his mouth to protest then closed it
"Nope."
Ashamed of his waxing poetic and unable to stop the intense feeling, Tony squirmed a little and Steve let go.
“But he hates me, right?”
“But things are little different now. He trusts me. He feels alone, everything feels foreign to him. I’m only here to help until he regains his memories.”
When Tony was finally done, the colonel sat back and crossed his arms, looking serious. Steve had nothing to add to that but he knew Tony was right. It was also one more reason for Tony to be living in fear. But Tony being Tony, he wasn’t letting it get to him.
Taking a bite himself and feeding a bite to Tony (despite Tony's protests) Steve finished the plate, then let Tony get up off his lap to clean up.
“Do you want me to leave now?” He asked.
He had gotten a glimpse of what Tony would be like if he really let himself go, in that desperate moment of carrying him from the alley to Happy’s car. Tony needed help and he hid it perfectly. So perfectly, that even knowing Tony was pretending to be an alpha, for the whole month until they had accepted the mission in Syria, Steve had started to think if he had dreamed the whole thing up. Tony was such a great actor, Steve had started to think maybe Tony didn’t need help, maybe he had it all under control. Then Tony had lost his memories. His fear, his resentment of Steve… Coming out the other side a whole new person.
“He did this intentionally didn’t he.” Tony said, and Steve frowned “What do you mean?”
“He’s asleep.”  She told him and gracelessly dropped into the couch.
“Can we talk about the fundraiser for a moment?” He asked without preamble.
And Tony once more surprised himself by the strength of his reaction. He intensely didn't want to use his safeword. He didn't want to see Steve looking bland, and he  didn't want to go back to his own place where no one cared how much he said "fuck". Everything was fucked up now. If he dumped Steve now and went back home, next time they saw eachother Steve wouldn't admonish him for using foul language and it would break Tony's heart.
Tony shook his head then looked down without dislodging Steve’s hand.
Once they were inside, Steve stopped himself before he gave the order that was just on the tip of his tongue. If Tony was really his omega, he knew perfectly well what he wanted first. He wanted to see Tony naked, willingly vulnerable, and to explore Tony’s body without restriction, what he hadn’t gotten to see in the office. So he didn’t order Tony to strip. Nor did he reach out and pull Tony close so he could strip the omega himself.
"Shh.."
"That... is.. I wasn't expecting that." Tony muttered in shock and Steve laughed, then handed Tony his drink.
“I’m so sorry.” Tony told his shoulder after a minute. “Steve. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. I thought.. I shouldn’t have. You told me not to, and I still..”
"Fine." Tony said and Barton stepped out.
He spoke, eyes darting everywhere, but when he finished he looked up to see Steve's eyes had gone stone cold. Tony had seen that look once before, when he'd blown up at Clint. This was the look when Steve masked his feelings. It was blank. And it looked so very wrong on the normally earnest face.
So he just stood there, grinding his teeth and glaring.
“Speak now Tony. Tell me.”
“Oh dear. Aren’t you even more handsome than the photos! Isn’t he James? Just look at him!” She didn’t even look at the previously mentioned James, supposedly her husband, and leaned in toward Steve’s armpit as her short and wide stature didn’t allow her to come any closer to his face. Then stage whispered, to Steve’s mortification, “I always had a thing for alphas in uniforms you know. And I just bet there is no finer specimen than you Captain. What I wouldn’t give to be young!” Then she laughed and Steve forced out a smile, making up his mind. Anything would be better than standing around here, in the middle of gawking rich people who thought it was alright to treat him as a showpiece.
Rogers held out a hand. He could be asking Tony to sit next to him on the other chair.
Steve drove Tony’s car, not really wanting to break Tony’s bubble, wanting to give him some time to shut out the outside world and just be.
“He did, did he..“
"Sure Tony." She rolled his eyes, then fixed the red handkerchief in his breast pocket, then patted his lapels and stood back to survey her work.
Turning the thought in his head Tony held on for as long as he could. When the pressure in his bladder started to exceed the discomfort in his arms though, he decided to take his chances.
"I mean I know this is too sudden. But during my heat I thought.. Ugh, not much of a thinking process was involved really, but I felt.. And I don't mean to steal away all the fun period of dating and not calling eachother for 3 days or whatever the young people are doing these days.. Or did back in your day.. But I know what I want now. And with the document hanging over my head.. Why not go all in? I trust you. By the way please give me an answer because I might be panicking just a little."
“Oh fuck you.” Tony finally said. “Like I need your help to be a lowly, amoral, bastard..”
Tony tried to think but it was so hot! And something smelled good. Oh. It was just Steve’s lingering scent on the bed from earlier that night. He unconsciously raised a hand to touch the slightly sore spot on his neck, where the alpha had bit him, and he caught himself moaning shamelessly, his boxers only grew wetter.
Please let me know if I need to put warnings on this? I was undecided. If anythings feels wrong, let me know and I'll try to tag it the right way.
"Lie down Tony. I want you to sleep with me tonight. Just sleep, you're too tired anyway. I just wanted you to be close to me. Alright?"
None of that could happen of course. Steve knew Tony wanted him now, but acting on it would be no different than rape, when Tony couldn’t actually consent.
Pepper shook her head.
The hot flashes, the sweating, the disturbing feeling of wetness between his legs and arousal that only built by the minute… He paled and scrambled up and out of the bed.
And Steve, they had told Tony that Steve hadn’t even known until recently. Now Tony could make sense of Steve’s behavior at the border, then why he had looked so surprised when Tony had told him that he knew Steve would protect him. But it didn’t explain why Steve had waited for him in the hospital.
Coulson was making sense, Steve knew. But Coulson didn’t know what Tony might lose if the information got out.
Steve made them go upstairs to his apartment for the shower, instead of using the gyms showers. This should have been a huge clue to Tony that he had plans.
“Uh.. Yeah. All the more space for us to play in.” he answered. “I heard you’re here to work with gamma radiation? I’m afraid I’m not much help on that, I haven’t had the time to read up on the subject since the accident. If I ever knew anything about it..”
The rest of the day went by in a similarly good mood. Tony didn't resent being blindfolded at the gym all that much this time. He appreciated the cardio Cap made him do, and the obstacle course felt more like a fun sort of challenge. He didn't make much better time than the previous day but it was easier to listen to Steve's voice and follow his direction.
And there it was. Under the carbondioxide, gas, dust and the garbage of the city, hints of the specific blend of Hugo Boss, undoubtedly ridiculously expensive and possibly limited edition. Steve followed it around one block and stopped for a split second when he heard voices far down the road. Voices of two other men and Tony’s. He had never heard Tony sound like that before. He sounded terrified and he was pleading.
As soon as they walked in, Steve had found himself trying not to drown under an avalanche of paper work that had piled up in his absence. Most of them were mission reports and intel on possible threats, and leads. Some were fan mail, both his and Tony’s. Fury must have thought it would be funny to send Tony’s fan mail to Steve. There was a subtle joke there but Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to look too closely and find out what.
"You look pretty."
He didn’t know why exactly. He had never asked. But an hour in their company and anyone would know what they had was a true bond of friendship rather than the bond between an alpha and an omega. He had attempted to ask Tony if there had ever been anything between them, but Tony had deflected the question and changed the subject. Steve had seen no need to press the issue as it was none of his business.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Steve hisses furiously, dabbing at the thin red scratches on Tony’s face. His voice falters a little as he remembers the feeling of panic punching a hole in his stomach when he’d raised his head to find Tony motionless beneath him.
“It would have to be a very good distraction,” Steve responds, working to keep a straight face even as Tony leans in, clearly trying to wrangle a kiss from Steve.
The dark blue material molds itself perfectly around Steve’s legs, accentuating his exquisitely muscled calves. Tony lets his eyes roam freely, eagerly over the unexpected surprise before him. He’s fully aware that he is blatantly checking out Steve at this point, but Tony figures that’s exactly what Steve wants, so he’s not too fussed about it.
“I’m fine,” he tries. The smile on his face is probably falling far short of convincing. Steve knows he’s been caught when he spots Tony’s mouth going tight with frustration, his gaze darkening in turn. Tony’s knowing, searching look pins Steve down and his flimsy facade of cheerfulness at completing the mission folds like a weak house of cards, leaving him no place left to hide.
“I mean,” Tony says, grinding the words out between his teeth, “that this isn’t on you, okay? It’s all me.” He runs a hand through his hair until it’s sticking up at the sides.
“You see right through me. Whatever shall I do with you?”
Steve startles a little at the sound of high heels behind him. He twists around to find Jan carefully making her way down the steps of the fire escape in tall black boots, one hand on the railing and one hand grasping the jacket around her shoulders.
Steve takes a deep breath. “There’s... there’s a word for that?”
With a parting grin, Tony turns around and saunters out of the room, making sure to add a visible swing to his hips as he does so. He may not be wearing skin-tight jeans, but he knows his ass doesn’t look half-bad in these tailored pants.
Tony bends down to kiss him, biting down on Steve’s bottom lip before breaking away. “Don’t pretend like you didn’t decide to take advantage of Clint’s flimsy request for more chairs to lie in wait so you could ravish me, Rogers.”
“Whoa, Cap, you okay? Did you accidentally eat some of Hulk’s peanut butter this morning and now you’ve got rage powers too?” Clint asks, striding over to inspect the damage. He sounds concerned, but also like he’s trying to hold back a laugh.
“It’s possible I was lashing out because of other reasons too,” Tony admits, ducking his head a little nervously. If Steve didn’t know any better, he’d say Tony was blushing.
Steve unlocks his phone with a swipe. He tries to ignore the flicker of disappointment in his gut when he sees that he has no new messages. Tony should be done with his lab work by now, and he did say he might drop by, but it’s fine.
Still, he wants to do it right. Tony pushes his fingers into Steve’s hair, reveling in the way Steve arches into his touch automatically. He loosens his hand from Steve’s shirt and holds on to Steve’s glasses carefully.
Jan hums noncommittally. “Still.” Then she turns to him, her eyes narrowed. “So you two are okay, then? When you hightailed it out of there, I thought maybe—”
“You’re such a sap, Murdock.”
“I leave for three days. Three days, Pep!” Tony slumps dramatically in his spot on the couch before throwing his arms out in a gesture of defeat. “And what do I come back to?”
Steve chuckles. “Only good things, I hope, though I’m not so sure.”
“And here I thought I was being more than obvious,” Tony says, his voice turning shy. “Does this mean… Steve, do you…”
“You asked me earlier why would I care if you were gone. I’d care, Tony, because I love you. I’m in love with you.” Steve sees the surprise break over Tony’s face and lowers his eyes to the floor again before continuing. “I was jealous when I watched you and Nat go undercover as a couple, though I didn’t figure it out until afterwards. When I saw you two dancing, I realized how much I wanted to be the one dancing with you, to be with you for real. It’s why I’ve been avoiding you so much.”
glasses. Steve’s eyes are so very blue, and so very beautiful. Tony would like nothing more than to drown in them.
“Mhm?”
“Yeah. It’s been a while, though,” Steve answers.
He thinks about how easy it would have been for Matt and Foggy to miss their chance at something special, if neither of them had said anything. The idea of the same thing happening with him and Tony strikes like a hard punch to Steve’s very core, and suddenly he knows what he’s going to do.
Steve slips his hand into hers, holding it tight. “Me too, Nat, me too.”
Steve needs to get out of here
Feelings… Clint can’t possibly mean that he might, that Steve has…
“Well, then I think you should do something about it.”
He lets out a dramatic gasp and runs a hand through his hair. “Truly a man after my own heart.”
“Fancy meeting you here.”
There’s no other reason for Steve’s distraction. None at all.
the best idea you’ve had all week.”
“I love you and you won’t lose me.” Steve knows it’s not something Tony can guarantee, not with the lives they lead, but he kisses Tony back and believes him anyway.
After a moment, Tony clears his throat. “So, how do I look?”
Steve makes the call amid loud hoots and laughter from his team and hangs up on an irate Johnny Storm mid-way through his tirade. It looks like the next team up with the Fantastic Four is going to be an interesting one, after this.
Tony’s face crumples a little and his voice is unsteady as he continues. “If I were a better friend to you, I could be happy for you without staying away from you, but I can’t do it yet, Steve. You’re just so
“I’m fine now, Tony. Sweetheart, look at me. I’m fine. I’m here.”
“I’m here if you want to talk about it anytime, Cap,” Tony says, and Steve’s traitorous heart gives a pang at the softness in his voice. Which means nothing more than Tony expressing care for a friend, not that Steve’s heart wants to listen to logic.
This time, when their fingers tangle together, Tony doesn’t pull away.
“There’s a new burger place down the street. Clint says their milkshakes are great.”
can’t believe Clint thinks we’re buying into his terrible matchmaking attempts,” Steve admits, sweeping a hand down Tony’s back to hold him closer as Tony shifts his attention to the underside of Steve’s jaw. “I thought he’d at least put more effort into this one since it’s my birthday. He didn’t even ask JARVIS to lock the door this time.”
“I was just about to say that, Matty, and you know it.”
“What was it again? Right, Jurassic World, that was awful. I’m surprised we weren’t thrown out, especially when you did that thing with your—”
“You’re… not with Nelson?” The disbelief in Tony’s voice is now milder, tinged with an edge of hope, and Steve nods. He slowly reaches out one hand to Tony.
“He’s my best friend, and my—” Matt cuts smoothly across Foggy’s words, one hand stretched in Steve’s direction, which Steve takes with a firm shake. “And his boyfriend,” Matt adds, with a small smile.
Steve’s grinning down at Tony when he finally brings himself to tear his gaze away from Steve’s new acquisition. Tony feels his heart gallop in his chest at the dark, heated look in Steve’s eyes.
Steve punches in his access code to Tony’s lab, pausing just long enough to get the sequence right before pushing the door open.
He surges to his feet in one movement and grasps Foggy’s hand quickly, returning the smile. “Yep, in the flesh. It’s good to meet you, Foggy.”
Steve cancels plans to go see that new spy movie with Tony, asking JARVIS to tell Tony that he’s feeling under the weather.
Their lips slip against each other’s rather clumsily until Tony tilts his head a little, coaxing Steve’s mouth open with a soft lick. Steve’s kiss tastes tangy and sweet against his tongue. Tony never wants to stop chasing that taste until he’s learned it by heart. It’s not perfect, but it’s so very real, and Tony wants
“...”
“God, you’re a sight for sore eyes, Cap.”
“I love you.”
“... dammit Steve, give a guy a warning before you pull out all the stops with a speech like that.”
Steve had meant his question to be a joke, but judging by Tony’s surprised expression, he’s probably missed the mark.
“Of course, but I like referring to myself as your boyfriend.”
, for crying out loud.
“Only because Loki spiked the punch,” Tony retorts, turning and swinging an arm around her shoulders.
Before Steve can investigate the matter further, Tony continues. “I get that you were scared, Steve. The truth is, I was too.” Tony brushes a hand over his mouth before letting out a half-laugh.
“Hmm,” Tony makes a non-committal noise as he steps into the circle of Steve’s embrace, making space for himself between Steve’s thighs. “Maybe.”
“Fine, but Pepper wins the pot. She’s the one who bet on Tony spilling the beans by accident.”
Tony says these last words in the same tone that someone else might say, “possessed by a Skrull,” complete with a look of utter horror. Pepper hides her laugh behind one hand and shares an amused look with Natasha, who is currently sitting on Tony’s other side and digging her toes into his thigh.
Sure enough, when Tony looks up, Steve’s standing in front of him. There’s a slight flush to his skin that Tony finds unfairly tempting, one which suggests that this time Steve’s the one who’s had more of Thor’s mead than he meant to. He says a quick hello to Sharon before his gaze latches onto Tony’s face, bright and intense.
Steve’s heart flutters at the sight of Tony’s smile, small but incandescently bright and all for him.
He’s really got it bad.
“You weren’t so bad yourself, Rogers,” Tony counters. His hand is back in Steve’s hair now, his fingers applying welcome and gratifying pressure to Steve’s scalp as he keeps his eyes on Steve’s face, a bright smile in his gaze. “You came back and we dealt with the ugly red bastard together, like always.”
The earnest concern on Tony’s face is gratifying, even as Steve feels guilty for sidestepping the truth, though he knows telling Tony the truth would be a worse idea.
“Yeah, I saw a shop selling these, and I couldn’t resist. I got Thor a Hulk hoodie too. We all know who his favorite Avenger is. The store-owner said they’ll restock the other ones soon.”
“Cap, what—” As Tony whirls around in surprise, a wrench in one hand, Steve storms up to him in long strides, stopping only a few steps away from Tony. He can feel his hands shaking even as they’re clenched in tight fists, and his voice is unsteady when he finally finds his words, a wave of anger still threatening to overwhelm him.
When Thor makes a play for the remote so he can go back to watching his soap operas, Steve almost hugs him.
It feels like too much all of a sudden, like everything Steve is feeling for Tony is on the verge of overflow. There’s too much love in his heart to keep it all in.
Tony’s pacing grinds to halt. “You what?” Something like panic flits across Tony’s face before his expression hardens. Tony flinches away from Steve’s hesitant touch. “What are you talking about?”
and I can’t think straight for two seconds!” Tony’s sleepless nights are now consumed by the thoughts of how Steve’s stubble would feel against Tony’s skin, the sweetest kind of beard that would leave Tony gasping out loud, wanting more. Always wanting more. He’s dreamed of reaching one hand out to stroke the bristly, dark golden hairs on Steve’s chin and gripping his face for a kiss, hot and deep, before Steve continues his way downwards on Tony’s body, leaving more than one mark behind.
Something in Steve’s expression must give away his seriousness, because Jan scoots closer to put a hand to his arm, and Nat stretches over to nudge his foot with hers.
Tony sighs. That’s a good question, one he doesn’t really have an answer to.
Steve groans loudly. It’s partly for dramatics, but it’s also because Johnny Storm is an annoyingly smug pain in the ass who likes to tell anyone willing to listen that he’s much handsomer than Steve.
“I may have...
“I’m supposed to meet Carol for a run this morning, sweetheart.” Steve knows he should get up, but Tony is warm and pliant in his arms, and it’s a hard temptation to resist.
Steve sighs in relief when Tony manages to catch Clint in time, only to freeze again when the reporters gathered beside the debris start yelling with excitement and pointing their cameras up at Tony and Clint.
“I’ll stay up a while, keep you company.”
“If Thor hadn’t grabbed you at the last second, who knows what could have happened? The armor doesn’t make you invulnerable to time blasts, Tony. I know you like to think that you’re invincible, but you’re not.”
“Did Clint show you the video of Tony walking into a wall when he first saw Steve’s new beard?” Nat asks Pepper, and Tony sinks further down into the couch.
Steve can’t wait to spend the rest of his life capturing it on paper in a thousand different ways.
Death lifts her hand, and grants Steve Rogers’ choice.
Steve shoves the baseball cap over his face. He usually doesn’t get coffee outside the Tower on weekends, but the thought of running into Tony or Clint in the kitchen had sent him down the street to this new coffee place.
“What, Tony?” Pepper asks, with the air of someone who is well aware of the answer but is still willing to play along for now.
“There was no time. I couldn’t… if you…”
Of course, Steve’s met Carol; for a minute there he had thought that there might be something between them, but now he knows Carol and Rhodey are together, and Tony and Carol are just friends. Steve doesn’t like the idea of Tony being alone for so long, even if for some reason, the thought of a random stranger coming along and taking up Tony’s time and his laughter and his smiles makes something ache inside of Steve. Maybe it would take some time for him to adjust, but Tony is his best friend in the world, and all Steve wants is for him to be happy. That’s probably why he’s been acting so strangely watching Tony and Natasha together today. It’s an act, and Steve wants Tony to have the real deal.
beanie and now he's all deliciously
“Captain Rogers?” JARVIS sounds even more somber than before.
His voice stutters at the end of his question, and if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d say Tony’s blushing.
“Not at the cost of your own life, Tony!” Steve shouts, now holding on to the countertop in an effort to hold himself back. “And what the hell do you mean, ‘why would I care?’ You’re one of my best friends, Tony! Do you think I would just sit back and watch you sacrifice yourself without a second thought?”
“So then why are we out here on a fire escape?” she asks with a raised eyebrow.
“I’m gonna kiss you again after our date.”
and I—”
Tony’s pretty sure his heart is never going to stop going a mile a minute at this rate, and it’s entirely Steve’s fault.
This is exactly what he wants with Tony. The ease and warmth of knowing each other so well as friends and being able to tease a laugh out of the other person and make them smile, all tangled up with the desire to kiss and touch, to hold him close.
Steve ends up spacing out more than once during the following debrief, his mind stuck on the extremely enticing image of Tony in boxers. When he flees the room yet again once the debrief is finally over, he thinks wryly that this is beginning to feel like déjà vu.
“I can think of, hmm, a few suggestions—”
As if sensing his thoughts, Death pierces the silence between them. Her voice reverberates in the open space, deeper than before. “If you cannot choose, then you must learn to live without him.”
After more than a year of living with Steve Rogers, Tony has gotten used to the sight of the man in flannel or plaid. He likes to throw on a t-shirt for his morning runs (Tony’s favorite is the one with the turtle cartoon that has the caption “Shell Yeah!”), but long-sleeved checkered shirts are Steve’s comfort clothing of choice around the Tower.
“Steve, you okay?” Bucky asks, and Steve looks up to meet the worried gaze of his oldest friend.
Steve, I love you. God, I love you so much it’s stupid sometimes. I love you when you’re happy, when you’re sad, when you’re mad at the world, and when you can’t sleep because it’s all too much. I love you through all of that, and I know you love me through all of my good, bad, ugly moments too, and that’s. That’s… I don’t even have the words for that. I want to make you laugh every day. I want to make you happy like you make me even when I’m not, because it means that much to have you next to me. I want to grow old with you and love you for the rest of my life, because you’re my home.
“Is everything okay?”
Or something like that.
Very well then.
and everything’s ruined.
“Steve?” Tony says, looking confused and a little lost. “What are you doing here?”
Steve looked around for surveillance that was surely there.
"No."
But I would like to try and finish what I started. Unfortunately, I have no clue if I'll be able to see this through. I mean I had planned this story to be a very long one, with an actual plot. And I ended up abandoning it before I could even get to the plot. Recently I have received some very bad news and I need my happy place. So I have been writing this again. Please read at your own risk because some plot is about to happen but I have no clue if I'll be able to actually finish this thing. I know a lot of people really hate reading WIP's and this one had a 3 year hiatus already. And I am expecting some turbulent times soon which will probably cause me to drop this story again. I just wanted to give a heads up before anyone invests any more time into reading this. I mean, it's not like you all don't know what's gonna happen anyway. But I'll try and keep the ride entertaining.  Cheers.
“I.. I thought.. Why did you leave me?”
“Tony!” Steve screamed into his comm but there was no response, to his horror he couldn’t even see where the Iron Man landed. Above them approaching choppers started to block their path. They needed to leave now. Steve didn’t have time to come up with a plan.
"Alright. I won't take them." He peeked out at Steve with a single eye from under his hand, "As long as you promise to come running." he teased.
The serum had not only given him a superior sense of smell, it had also given Steve near perfect memory. He clearly remembered the scent that had poured off of Tony while Tony was in heat. It was unforgettable and made worse by the fact that now Steve had to sit and stew in a very dimmed down and tamed version of it all day. Still, the scent never failed to remind him of Tony’s heat.
“Pepper, what is wrong with Tony?” He asked, his voice tight.
"Well I thought the whole point of me submitting to you was that you'd .. /make love to me/ until I submitted. Oh for.. This is ridiculous, we're both grown men, I should be able to say fuck. I thought you'd fuck me into submission, alright?"
Tony bent his head a little, giving Steve more acess to his neck. "Me too." he said eventually. "I just don't understand why that means I have to be celibate."
“So.” Tony said, looking at him expectantly. Right.
"Yeah. I am." The alphas voice came out a little lower then usual but his hands holding Tony firmly in place indicated that he didn't approve of Tony's public attempt at seducing him.
He moved down to remove Tony’s shirt, he couldn’t properly get it off so he had to rip the neck line. He ran his hands over Tony’s neck, throat, then his chest. No blood here, but he could see bruises to one side of the arc reactor where the light was just enough. He pressed a hand to Tony’s stomach to see if he could feel any swelling, and when he glanced up to see if Tony reacted to any sort of pain caused by his touch, he found Tony’s eyes open, watching him.
"Now you know you're forbidden to come without my permission and you know I'm not going to give you permission today. But I believe, at this stage, you could still use some help following the rules. I don't want you to think of this as a sign of distrust Tony, think of it more as me helping you to stay away from temptation when you're alone."
“Did we have sex?”
"You did so good Tony. Stepped out of the mat once and grabbed the chain that one time, but that was your first time and you managed it so well. By the end you were following every direction flawlessly. I'm really happy with you. I'll let you choose a reward for this. How would you like that?"
“I wanted to talk to you about Tony.” Steve started and an interested glint appeared in Coulson’s eyes. The man subtly leaned forward as if he was expecting some juicy gossip. Steve knew the exceptionally sharp agent had been suspecting something since the day at the Turkish border but if he expected Steve to give Tony up, he’d be disappointed.
“I don’t.”
“No. As in not tested on humans yet experimental.” Pepper said miserably.
At that moment Steve walked back in, looking fresh but no happier than when he'd first walked in.
“Yeah. I know how he is. He loves the attention. ”
"But I can be. I don't want to be, but I might end up alone. I will. Probably."
The captain was hunched over a little, the muscles on his back standing out and his right hand was working fast. Tony leaned over to hear what it was… And once he did, he hurriedly shut off the device, throwing it onto the bed.
"Just a second, I'll need to confirm something. This pile is for polyethylene terephthalate and this is for polypropylene. Low and high density only makes a difference in the conveyor system. I was thinking if you changed the sorting system, which is, lets face it, pretty primitive, like blowing air, really? But anyway, then you'd save so much energy on recycling because you don't need the different tanks. Reduces chemical out put too. You'd just need 3 instead of 9. Well 7, but you have to take into accout polyamide and acrylonitrile butadiene styrene.."
Something in Steve’s chest breaks wide open at the quiet despair in Tony’s voice, and he presses a hand to his heart. He looks up at Tony. Suddenly it hits him, as clear as daylight, exactly what he’s been missing all along.
Steve watches with a wistful smile as Foggy and Matt walk off in the opposite direction. They’re leaning into each other’s space like they’ve always belonged there, and Steve wants Tony there with him so much it leaves him breathless.
“You wanna tell a bit about your project first before we go over your ideas? Jan mentioned it’s a costume design project for Midsummer Night’s Dream but she didn’t go into the details.”
“Nothing,” Steve tries, forcing a smile on his face. A blurry picture of Tony sneaking a bite of chocolate cake from Clint’s plate fills the large television screen. Steve fends off the impulse to pull his hoodie up over his eyes just so he doesn’t have to see another one of these pictures again.
He takes another sip of his drink and fiddles with the edge of his paper napkin, brushing a finger over the small sketch he’s been working on in the half hour since he deposited himself at the bar. It’s of Tony, It’s of Tony sporting his hat and bowtie. A sharply-cut suit is a rare look for him, though he looks just as dashing and suave in it as he does on the cover of a
“I think I can afford to be a little smug, don’t you? I just asked a handsome brilliant genius out on a date and he said yes.”
“I think that was the best idea you’ve had all week. Steve?”
Steve has not known true fear in a long time, not since a silent battlefield where his knees hit the ground, but when she bares her teeth at him in a smile, he feels something close to it.
“It's nothing, Hawkeye. I'm alright. Just feeling nervous, that's all. SHIELD is counting on us and this needs to go well. You know I’m not a big fan of undercover missions. I don’t like putting any of the team in unnecessary danger.”
“Yeah, I’m fine Tony, thanks. I just haven’t been sleeping well lately,” Steve replies, eyes flickering to Tony’s gaze for a moment before dropping down to the floor again.
“Teenage me was that annoying, huh?” Tony quips, grinning.
What Tony really wants to do right now is answer Steve’s question by covering Steve’s mischievous, inviting mouth with his own and kissing him senseless. But that would mean conceding, and Tony Stark always plays to win.
“What makes you think I will give you what you want?” Death asks.
had been Tony’s first crush?
” Sam drawls.
There’s a strange undercurrent to Tony’s words that Steve can’t quite place, and he shifts back to his heels, anxiety sharp in the back of his throat.
Foggy makes a noise of approval. “Oh god, yes, that sounds amazing.” He gestures towards Steve. “Also, you have to tell where you got that Bilbo Baggins shirt because it’s brilliant and I want ten of them.”
They had stared down at each other, caught in orbit, Steve’s arms warm and steady around Tony’s waist. If Clint hadn’t interrupted them with a loud hoot, Tony knows they would have tumbled over the line with no way to return. He tucks the pillow over his face to hide a blush at the direction his thoughts are taking.
Steve drops his sketchpad down beside him before glancing at Tony, who’s now turned away from him. He wonders if he should apologize for acting defensively when Tony startled him, but he knows Tony will brush that off without a second glance. He shifts a little, his knee knocking against Tony’s, and something warm settles in his stomach when Tony doesn’t move away.
It’s Friday afternoon, which means Tony will be at the lab with Professor Pym, but when Steve gets there, Tony is nowhere to be seen. Three calls to Tony all go to his “This is DUM-E, I’m a robot so don’t call me back” voicemail.
Steve presses a soft kiss to the back of Tony’s palm, letting his lips linger on the warm skin. “Never.”
“Hey, babe. Sorry I’m late, we ran overtime for the meeting and someone from the Board cornered me afterwards. I think it was Jones. I’ll sic Pepper on him next time. But anyway, we’re on our way back now.”
“Good.” Tony’s smile turns soft, and Steve feels the weight of the love in his eyes like a protective shield, keeping them both safe.
“Yeah, Winghead. You better believe it.” Tony’s eyes are sparkling with the same elation Steve knows is written all over his own face, and the truth of it settles into Steve’s bones.
Her hands touch his face, and Steve knows they will leave a mark. “I know the width and length and breadth of every single life I collect.”
Something that feels a little too much like panic spreads through Steve. He swallows hard. He knows there’s nothing romantic between Clint and Tony and that Tony’s been tasked with cake-tasting as Rhodey’s best man for Rhodey and Pepper’s wedding. Yet, somehow, Steve still feels off balance.
When he steps out in nothing but an AC/DC shirt and a pair of boxers covered in tiny, red hearts, Steve’s vision nearly whites out. From what he remembers later on, his very first reaction to this was an extremely coherent “hnnngh.”
A sharp poke to his arm interrupts his thoughts. “Ow! Jan, what was that for?”
“See something you like, Shellhead?” Steve asks, eyes dancing.
The drawing ends up in the wastepaper basket before the end of the night.
“Hmm, you wound me.” Tony takes off his shoes quickly and shifts up to the head of the bed, grabbing a pillow. “Gimme some room, Jan.”
Steve spends the entire night restless and awake after Tony leaves, running his thoughts over his feelings, again and again, unable to keep his mind off of Tony.
Steve knows he’s crossing a line even as the words pass his lips, but he’s feeling so much at the moment, it’s impossible to stop. Even before Steve realized the extent of his feelings for Tony, the idea of losing him had been unthinkable. The thought that he could have so easily lost Tony to the multiverse today had it not been for Thor, has left Steve reeling.
“Who was he to you?”
Tony has no doubt that Steve’s been waiting all morning for him to emerge from his workshop, just to see how Tony would react to this new (and terrible) development in Steve’s sense of style.
Steve’s hand is warm in Tony’s when he reaches out to lace their fingers together, and Tony bites back a grin.
He’d get to wake up next to Tony, make him coffee, and kiss him good morning. All Steve needs to do is ask him out.
Honestly, Steve doesn’t really see the resemblance between them.
When they part, both panting for breath, Tony's eyes are half-lidded and dark. The sight sends a hot spike of lust through Steve as he adjusts his grip on the back of Tony’s neck. He’s about to lean in again for another taste of Tony’s lush, delicious mouth, when Tony moves in first to kiss Steve hard and fast before he’s pulling back again.
Foggy bites down on his lip with a self-deprecating laugh, and Steve feels a sharp pang of sympathy at the look on his face. He thinks of Tony, and those occasional quiet moments when he wants to lean in and feel their hands brush against each other, or when he wants to tell Tony that everything Steve feels for him is sometimes strange and confusing, but also amazing.
that first comes to mind, eyes fixed on Steve’s. He knows when Steve is teasing, and this doesn’t seem like a joke to him.
“For DUM-E and JARVIS, then.”
It’s probably just because he’s not used to them going undercover together, or he’s not used to seeing Tony with someone, that’s all. He pushes the thought aside and turns back to the video feed.
“So you have decided, then? On the price of my gift.”
“Yeah, of course. Next time will be great.” Tony pauses in the doorway, as if not sure whether to stay or go. “You sure you’re fine, though?”
“We were just fooling around. He insisted that I show him some moves, even though he knows I have two left feet.”
Death’s words stretch out in front of Steve, a barren, lonely wasteland. They bury themselves under his skin, threatening to bring him to his knees once again.
“Nervous, huh?” Sam asks, and there’s something in his tone that Steve can’t quite put his finger on. “You sure that’s all it is, Cap?”
“Don’t look at me like that, Tony, we’re already running late.”
“Sure,” Steve says with a smile. “I’m happy to meet up with him.” He’s happy to do Jan a favor. The worst thing that could happen is him not getting along with Foggy and having to endure an awkward chat, which doesn’t seem so bad on the scale of things.
The mission had gone off without a hitch in the end, with Tony and Natasha successfully interrupting not just one, but two under-the-table black market deals before the night was over. Steve had registered this with a distant satisfaction, his mind still reeling over the news of his romantic feelings for Tony. He had been distracted through the entire debriefing of the mission, starting sentences before trailing off without a finish and forgetting important points, until Thor ended up taking over so they could finish before midnight. After the debrief was done, Steve was the first to leave the room, tossing back a hasty goodbye before fleeing the scene. He didn’t know how he was supposed to meet Tony’s eyes or make conversation about the mission when his mouth kept wanting to betray him and blurt out his feelings in front of Tony and everyone else.
“There’s nothing I like better than taking care of you.”
“They decided that my room was a free-for-all,” Steve deadpans. “Like someone else I know.”
“Buddy, I want to introduce you to someone.” Foggy gestures to his right without letting go of Matt’s hand, his smile softening into something sweeter as he turns towards him. “Steve, this is Matt, the guy who I talked your ear off about the other day.”
So this is what it feels like, to know Tony loves him back.
Before Steve has a chance to protest, Tony’s back in his arms, holding a small black box in his hand.
He clears his throat hurriedly and sucks in a deep breath before ducking his head down to look at the floor. The short reprieve gives Tony a few precious seconds to jumpstart his lust-addled brain into thinking semi-coherently, and when he looks back up at Steve, he’s relatively certain that he has just enough willpower not to jump Steve right there and then on one of the rec room’s extremely comfortable couches.
“Why?” Tony asks, his expression softer than Steve’s ever seen it.
“Yeah, I’m actually taking the course as an elective,” Foggy explains.
That’s the question Tony’s been wanting to ask since Steve’s come close enough for him to see the tiny Iron Man cartoon plastered outside his mostly red hoodie, complete with repulsors and a small helmet, but for some reason, he can’t seem to form words at the moment. Tony knows Steve’s been on a hoodie kick lately - it seems to be a part of his plan to get a rise out of Tony, but Tony never imagined a harmless piece of clothing being used against him like this.
The silence rings loudly between them.
Suddenly, the StarkPhone in his pocket starts vibrating rapidly. Steve retrieves it, squinting down at the screen in front of him.
“I want to marry you. I’m in love with you, and I want to marry you. So I’m proposing.”
“You say that like it’s a surprise,” she replies. Laughing, Steve follows them back to the party.
The satisfied smugness in Tony’s response doesn’t surprise Steve in the slightest. “I already got JARVIS to text her about cancelling your plans.”
Tony’s smile is a tiny one, but that doesn’t stop Steve’s heart from flipping in his chest. “Yeah, very lucky.”
“Do you like them?” Tony asks, breaking the silence as Steve looks down at his present. He clears his throat. “I thought about getting you a new pair. Something fancier, maybe, if you’d like that—”
“Sounds good.” Foggy smiles before darting another glance at Matt. He rocks back on his heels. “I hate to cut this short, but I should probably be getting back.”
“Just talk to him.”
Steve ducks his head, and Tony sees that his ears have turned a little red. He imagines the taste of Steve’s blush, hot and sweet on his tongue, and chokes back a whimper of want.
Steve feels his limbs go loose as he sinks into his chair in shock, the realization breaking over him.
Steve sighs and tears at a corner of the napkin. It’s a decent enough sketch at first glance, but there’s still something missing, perhaps something in his smirk or hooded gaze.
“Steve?”
“Yes.” The word emerges from Tony’s mouth like a bullet from a gun before he can do more than blink, and he can barely recognize his own voice, thick and throaty with want.
“Here you go, Tones.” Jan reaches over to the side of the bed where Steve’s football jacket is hanging on a clothes hook and tucks it around him. “Don’t hog the duvet.”
And when JARVIS had informed them of Red Skull’s attack, not hearing from Tony on the comms when he’d spoken to the team had hurt more than a punch to the gut, even if he should have expected it. He had gotten so used to them working side by side that Tony’s absence left him off-balance and wrong-footed, made him careless. It had nearly cost them everything.
Tony thinks about denying it, but it seems like a lost cause at this point. “Is it that obvious?” he asks, hiding a wince.
Jan bites her lip, shaking her head. “I’ll admit I thought about setting you guys up for a second, but I haven’t mentioned it to him yet and I won’t if you’re not comfortable with it.” She glances at Nat before looking back at Steve. “It can just be a friendly coffee chat, entirely platonic if you want.”
Except now there was Tony.
Tony shifts on Steve’s lap, grinding up against him as he turns his attention elsewhere. Steve groans as Tony fastens his mouth to the juncture between Steve’s neck and shoulder and bites down hard. Tony knows the serum means any marks he makes on Steve will fade fast, but that thought only encourages him more.
He loves how well Tony can read him, of course he does, but sometimes it does work against him. It’s both endearing and infuriating.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. And no, that isn’t it. The secret is, you look very dashing in that suit.”
“Why didn’t you answer your phone?” Steve counters.
Tony sounds frustrated now, his movements jerky and sharp as he pulls even harder at his collar. Steve decides to put him out of his misery.
“Having a little trouble with your muse there, Cap?” Tony asks, flopping down on the couch next to Steve and turning an interested eye towards his sketchpad.
Steve winces a little, remembering how awkward he’d been. The bright satisfaction on Tony’s face at getting him to dance had been worth it though, and Jan wasn’t wrong - it had been fun.
“Mhm?”
Steve drops his backpack on to his desk chair, zeroing in on the thing he’s been missing all morning.
He also dreams of helping Steve shave his scruff when it starts getting too long, spreading the shaving cream carefully with his fingers before oh so gently swiping through Steve’s stubble with the razor so that Steve can feel good.
Jan’s hand tucks itself into the crook of his elbow, and she nestles closer to his side, letting her head rest on his shoulder for a moment. “I think that’s really great, Steve. I’m sure you’ll find that one day.”
“I mean, you saw me just before we fixed things. I didn’t know what to do and I was terrified that I was going to screw it up, that I was going to lose all of it if the Stone turned me into nothing. My life, the team… you.” The way Tony is looking at him is so bright and full of warmth that it makes Steve think of holding Tony in his arms at night, the soft blue light of the arc reactor bathing his skin with a gorgeous glow.
At dawn, Steve was sitting on the posh leather couch in the lounge of the 75th floor of the Stark Tower, trying to stop the nervous jiggling of his leg, his mind racing as he alternated between exploding up from his seat, pacing for a few moments then forcing himself to sit down, calm down and think rationally.
“Get out.” Tony simply pointed to the door.
“I got Thai today.” He said and started to open the paper bags.
"Well, you have a right to change your mind. It's ok. I will make sure Fury gives you the choice in the selection process in the first place."
“You can debrief Fury later, he can do the yelling. I’ll take it from here Captain. If you don’t need medical attention, you can go get some rest.” He gestured to the sleek black car and Steve nodded at him gratefully. He wanted to just kick back and sleep for a while. He didn’t mind sleeping all the way to the airport and then through the flight.  He had almost reached the car when he heard Tony’s voice, calling his name in a panicked tone.
Thinking of his workshop, Tony blinked, "But where am I going to work?"
"Yeah, I just called you a little girl."
"Wisdom of a circus sideshow." Tony muttered without much heat, his hands dropping to his sides.
"Talk?" Tony asked surprised, he was sure after dinner Rogers, Steve, had in mind some other, more fun activity.
“I know.. And I’m not.” Tony said and deliberately reached out to grab hold of Steve’s free hand on the table, effectively ending the discussion.
Jarvis opened the doors for him and Steve carried the pizza inside, climbing the stairs to be greeted by the sight of Dum-E and Butterfingers running around, wrecking havoc on the parlor. Tony was giggling somewhere. A sound Steve had only heard before when Tony had been drunk.
Steve opened his eyes and frowned. He must have drifted off sitting up. Tony was still lying on his chest, clinging to him. He put an arm around the omega, he didn’t want to wake Tony, nor did he feel like trying to explain himself to Coulson in this particular moment.
It had been two hours since Steve had woken up to find Tony gone. Jarvis was extremely unhelpful even though he had apologized for being unable to give out information Tony had locked him out of, in an almost regretful voice.
Steve looked up at him without any sign of surprise.
"What the hell was that all about last night!? You tricked me you over grown GI Joe! I never sign up for this crap! I'm not gonna play head games with you!"
“Tony..” Steve started with an exasperated sigh but Tony held up his hand.
Steve was lying on his back as Tony dragged his beared through the six pack, then kissed him just under his navel. The alpha's cock nudged him under his chin and Tony grinned.
“On several occasions sir.”
At first, it had been fun, pretending to be an alpha. It hadn’t felt as weird as he had imagined. Clearly he had some practice at this. And the fawning of the junior agents had helped. He had never been one to turn down attention and compliments. It had seemed like a good idea to get them to talk, and they had, telling Tony about various little missions, tid bits that helped Tony put together a more coherent picture of SHIELD and of Steve in his head.
"That makes your tally 16, 2 of which you already took. So you still have 14 to go. If you want, we can keep this up all night Tony, I don't get tired easily."
Come to think of it, it wasn't such a horrible task, watching Steve strip. Tony had seen him shirtless a few times. Various states of undress was bound to happen when you fought together on a regular basis. But he'd never paid attention to Steve as a dominant. Well, he had, of course he had seen what a gorgeous body the Cap had, but not in a going-to-end-up-in-bed-together sort of way. Now that it was a very real and immediate possibility and now that Tony had some idea of what kind of dom Steve was, watching Steve pull off his clothes looked completely different. And incredibly interesting.
"I know about that part Tony."
"Or touching you." The hands moved up his thighs to his ass, spreading his cheeks obscenely and Tony couldn't help but wink at his dom.
When the sun came up Steve hadn’t slept a wink.
It was conference room that he's never been in before. It was wide with dark, carpeted floors. A glass conference table surrounded by elegant wire chairs, and wall to wall windows that looked down onto the city. One wall was mirrored and Tony knew it was the result of the obsessive need to spy that SHIELD had.
“You know the rest.” Pepper finished. “But the document he drew up is still in force, if obsolete now. Tony would have to bring it to the board of directors once more to declare it null. He doesn’t want to obviously. He doesn’t want anyone to learn about the existence of such a document as you now know he is in fact an omega.”
“Jarvis?”
Tony's heart leapt but more embrassingly than that, his cock twitched too. He grabbed his cock self consciously this time.
“Yes Captain.” Happy nodded seriously then ran off.
When Steve looked unsure Tony laughed,
“Yes Tony. You fell, one of the anti aircraft missiles hit you. We watched you crash. From what I can tell you hit your head. Do you feel pain anywhere else?”
"There you are." The Captain said. Tony could only moan back in response with his eyes pressed closed and mouth open.
“It’s alright. Help should be on the way. I’m sure Clint made it out fine. SHIELD will be sending agents to recover us. We just need to get to the border. They will have sent paramedics. ”
"What's your color?"
"You are dying for it aren't you. It is such a good look on you. Horny and desperate, unable to do anything about it."
That gave Steve a pause. “Fury doesn’t know?” He asked in a more subdued voice. He had assumed SHIELD had known but simply kept the information out of the files for their own reasons.
The Captain grabbed his wrists to stop Tony from hurting himself pulling on the collar, while Barton held up his hands.
Despite the memory loss, Tony Stark was still far from stupid. After the ambulance ride it hadn’t taken long for him to understand that Steve was in fact just being nice and helping him, Tony wasn’t his omega and that left Tony bereft? Of course. Tony didn’t know he had been pretending to be an alpha for years now, almost all his life. He had forgotten it. He had just assumed, since the first thing he had seen upon waking up in the land rover , in the middle of the desert was Steve fondling his half naked body as if he had any right to do so.
“You were a bit.” Pepper winced at him, then pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek to take the sting off her words.
Tony preened under the praise. Once he'd realized he could just use the oven with it's very clearly set temperature and time limits, following a recipe had become very easy.
The agent was busy but he always seemed to be glad to make time for Steve and Steve appreciated it.
"First rule, I like my submissives to be willing. I don't want a puppet, but I don't want to force you into submission every night either. Other than any role playing scenario, I want you to use your safeword or code words immediately if you don't like what I'm doing. And unless you're going to use your words, I want complete and willing submission. Understood?"
Pepper gasped and Tony turned to look at her. “Lady, you seem nice, and I’m sorry, but I don’t know you.”
The little scritch scatches of Steve's pen stopped, then Tony heard paper shuffling and Steve getting up from his chair. His heart rate picked up, his brain conjuring images of what Steve might do to his cock to stop it from moving. Which of course made him twitch harder.
"You cooked this???" He scuttled over to the counter to grab his treasure.
The voice was hesitant and foreign. Tony turned to look.
vahinepapaya found it!
He looked up, still trying to breathe, into the concerned blue eyes of his alpha.
Tony breathed from his nose, hands gesticulating wildly and it pissed him off more than words could say to see Steve sitting there all composed and calm, not a hair out of place.
"I woke up this morning to.. It wasn't easy for a moment... Realising that I had been fucking Captain boy scout all through my heat.. The guy my father spent his life searching for.. The epitome of everything wholesome and good and American that I could never hope to match."
"Good." The Captain marched Tony back into the living room, but when Tony went to kneel on what he was starting to think of as 'his spot', he was marched right past it. When the Captain let go of his arm he found himself facing the wall next to the fireplace.
Steve had said he was ok with Tony being an omega and despite acting like he didn’t care, Tony cared. He cared about the Avengers and no matter how much he hated the fact that Steve now knew, it was a sort of comfort knowing that his team leader was aware of his greatest weakness. Still his contradictory emotions about the guy weighed heavily on his mind. He didn’t want to seek the comfort he had tasted as Steve had carried him, his mind kept shying away from the memory after playing it over and over during his heat and even after.. The sexual part was easier to deal with. Steve Rogers had the body of a god, he was an alpha, Tony could handle imagining his huge cock and what he could do with it. But the rest was trickier. Sex was a simple concept for him, he could get release wherever he wanted. The unmatched comfort of the scent and touch of an alpha was a different matter entirely.
“Look, I’ll head out if you don’t.. I mean if you feel you’re good here. With Pepper. She’ll stay the night. But I can still.. I mean I don’t mind if you want..”
Just as he finished chewing, Steve’s hand was back again, this time holding a piece of chicken.
"Are you going to spank me now?"
Tony just hummed, not looking very interested.
Of course, Tony's cock only responded to the command by twitching again.
Oh. And as before.. For the record, I actually like Rhodey.
“Sure Cap. Ladies, gentlemen.” He bowed in a flashy gesture of goodbye to the agents and walked to Steve’s side.
It had ended with Fury leaving the room saying “Since you seem to have suddenly turned into an expert on the subject of Tony Stark, from now on you’re responsible for his every damn move Captain. You’re on babysitting duty until Stark remembers who he is. Now get the hell out of my building.”
It was well known in the business world that one did not mess with Pepper Potts, the omega CEO of Stark Industries who always looked so demure and submissive next to Tony Stark, and who could also rip the metaphorical throat out of any rival companies in the blink of an eye. Right now, in front of the cameras, she was the perfect bland of a strong omega who also held up the traditional values.
Maybe he should have been a little embarrassed about how proud he was, but fuck it. Steve'd told him he'd done a good job with the mopping and he'd just managed to cook some decent hassleback chicken with mesclun salad. It was tasty, it was healthy and there was plenty of it.
Tony blinked.
"Then come here."
The captain didn't sound angry. He sounded calm, very very calm. Tony suddenly started to feel fear creep up from his stomach for the first time.
Steve pointed to the other side of the garden with the hand still holding Tony's drink, where Coulson was standing next to the buffet, with one Clint Barton eating the finger food Coulson was holding out to him.
"Don't be dramatic honey bear. I didn't run away, I just went out to, you know, handle some business and," he shook the box he was holding up a little, "to buy you a ring. By the way if you say yes I get to call you honey bear right?" Tony smiled but his humor was slipping away fast each moment Steve delayed giving an answer.
"What things? For gods sake, you could have gotten lost, kidnapped, killed! I didn't know where you were! Pepper have been calling everyone we could think of and no one knew where you were Tony!" he said after he was sure Tony was unhurt and very much here, as well as accepting of Steve's touch.
So this chapter is mostly an explanation on why Tony did what he did. Brief explanation in the end if I didn't manage to pull it off in the story.
"What do you do with manipulative subs?" Tony gulped, now a bit breathless. He felt a bit like he was dangling a string in front of a tiger.
Right then Tony would have used his colors maybe, but the Captain's hand found it's way to Tony's hair, petting him and gentling his words. Tony shook his head.
Coulson had whisked Tony away, no doubt to get him to crack and find out what Steve hadn’t been telling him on his debrief. Steve had warned Tony about Coulson, and Tony was far from stupid, but still Steve worried.
“You stay here captain. I’ll find him.”
Tony had a small smile on his face, he followed Steve calmly, never taking his eyes off of the alpha. Nothing too weird but still unusual.
“Have I ever told you, you’re my finest creation?” He sniffled a little but kept smiling.
When he let go he pushed his nose behind Tony's ear to breathe in a lungful and said "I can't wait to fuck you again."
“It doesn’t matter now. I don’t blame you, it was my fault too. But if we somehow get involved in a personal relationship, no matter how temporary, until you get back on your feet, start remembering, I can never know if it’s truly what you want, or if its the amnesia talking. I can be an alpha to you. If it’s what you really want. Honestly, I’d enjoy it too.” Steve ignored the heat he could feel in his ears as he confessed a sliver of his true feelings, but he had to, to make Tony understand, “But I can never be sure if that’s what you would choose for yourself if you could remember everything. Considering what I know of you, you wouldn’t want that. You wouldn’t want an alpha meddling in your business. And even if you did, that alpha wouldn’t be me.” It would probably be Colonel Rhodes but no matter how helpful Steve wanted to be, he couldn’t bring himself to recommend Tony try his luck with the Colonel. He just couldn’t.
"Are you serious?" Tony went to raise his head from Rogers' knee but the big hand pressed down, keeping Tony's head where it was.
"You made breakfast." he stated and Tony nodded, standing up to pull a chair out for his (still) dom.
Minor urine play. Not even play, urine just makes a brief appearance. It's not a fetish for either of them.  You've been warned.
“Hello. You must be Dr Bruce Banner.” He answered walking around the workstation he was busy at, to shake the guys hand.
Tony frowned.
Tony moved towards the table to grab the notebook, but when he got close, Steve grabbed him around the waist and planting a foot on the chair, bent Tony over his knee. Two hard and fast swats were delivered in quick succession before Tony even realised what was happening, but then Steve was already tipping him back onto his feet. Tony only had the time to feel the burn, even if it was somewhat dulled because of the clothes.
“Thanks. I’d appreciate that.” Steve moved to get up, but Coulson spoke again, still not looking at Steve and sounding very casual, despite his words;
He watched Steve eat it, with a grin on his face. The captain was making all the correct noises and looked happy.
Tony nodded and Steve pulled up an image of Loki.
"Yeah Tony, I've heard the 'it's not you, it's me' speech. It is fine. If you don't want me as a dom, you have every right to decline. I wish you had told me sooner. But I suppose you had to give it a try."
Yet. It niggled at him. He did respect Tony, aside from all the amazing things the guy managed to pull off, Steve respected him for surviving for so long as an omega while never getting any release from the stress of trying to act like someone he was not. It also called on the instinct that had woken up in him on the evening of the fundraiser. His baser, alpha self which never for a moment had forgotten how Tony’d clung to him, looked at him for help and depended on him.
"Don't move."
“Fine.” He breathed out, clearly not liking Steve’s involvement, just like Pepper, then looked a little sheepish, “Tony has.. a condition.  Nothing serious.” He hastened to add. “He has it under control. It’s just that, tonight was a little risky and I was supposed to be on guard if he needed to go home immediately. But.. uh.. It was just for a moment, I mean,” he gestured around Steve toward where the petite blond had went, “she needed help. So I looked away for like a moment. Or maybe five minutes. Ten, tops. Then I came back here with her and then you came. If he came out while I was gone.. But I mean I couldn’t leave her alone to carry two suitcases. And they were massive I tell you, I dunno why women even need-”
"I'd say you sticking your nose in where it doesn't belong."
“Steve.” Now Tony looked like an angry cat, cornered. Steve slowly walked to him and Tony took a step back. The alpha sniffed the air, letting his lungs fill with the revived scent of Tony’s budding heat. It was delicious, mixed with anger and defiance. He could take Tony, and have him, subdue him, win over him.
“Is Tony asleep?”
After breakfast he cleaned the table and the kitchen without complaint. By now he could see that Steve was pretty serious about this dom/sub business and making Tony obey him. It was just easier to wipe away some crumbs and wash a pan than struggle against whatever punishment Steve might think of next time.
Tony stopped trying to look around and dropped his head in defeat. Of course, Steve wasn't after embarrassing photos. He was just really into making Tony do as he said.
“I must have been so excited to meet Captain America. You were my childhood hero, you know.” He said suddenly, smiling and carefree. And why wouldn’t he be? He had forgotten their rocky start. He had forgotten most of his life.
“C’mon, Steeevee… I made these things! Me!”
Gentle palms cupped his face, the touch way more personal than what Tony was used to from Captain America. He lifted Tony's face up so they could look at eachother.
Intense pleasure shot through Tony's entire body, starting a warm tingle at his thighs and ending like a punch at the tip of his cock, he felt Steve's skin on his and his orgasm tore itself from the root of his balls, strong like he'd never felt before. Tony shook apart in his dom's hands with each wave of come that burst out of the tip of his cock.
How had he even pretended for so long? What kind of person was he to be able to pull that off even? Was it even possible to pretend to be an alpha for 20 years? Not only wasn’t Steve his alpha, he had never had an alpha.
"Do you think you are alone?" Steve asked gently, very gently.
There was a long silence before Pepper spoke again.
Tony was sitting and joking with a bunch of junior agents that Steve could name maybe half of. He couldn’t hear what they were talking about but Tony was making the agents laugh uproariously on occasion. So he made his way over to their table.
He wouldn't admit it to himself but Tony kind of tiptoed towards the hallway where Steve had disappeared to. He found his dom in the doms bedroom, sitting at the edge of his very precisely made bed, shoulders a little slumped.
The Captain America who was holding him in place with a single hand fisted in his hair right now and basically radiating threat from every pore, making Tony's inner submissive beg for Tony to just yield, give the dom what he wanted. It would just be so humiliating but so blissful.
"I do as a matter of fact. I understand you're upset with your punishment but I can't let you have a fit. So you can just kneel on the bathmat and wait for me to be done while you think about why you were punished and how you could avoid more punishments in the future."
Tony shivered at the intense way Steve delivered that line. No bragging or exaggeration. Just a statement of fact, made in a quiet, understated but confident way. Tony had no doubt that Steve would make him scream and they both knew it.
"Clint left?" the dom asked pointlessly because Tony was pretty sure he'd just heard everything that went on in the apartment.
Tony’s relieved sigh to Steve’s answer almost hurt more than the question. This wasn’t fair. But Steve had always known going into this alpha-omega arrangement that Tony wasn’t in his right mind to give content, that he could and most likely would change his mind at some point.
What was he supposed to cook? And how was he supposed to cook it? He forlornly flipped through the emtpy notebook in his hands, then decided if he wanted to come, he needed to earn a prize and to do that he needed to make Steve happy. Either case, instead of wasting time with the prototype, going through the cookboks seemed like a priority.
“Why would I do that? I’m not such an asshole..”
"This is not a game. It's punishment. Now if you're not gonna use your colors, I don't want to hear any words out of you. Make all the sound you want. No speaking."
Well, he was still wearing Steve's collar so he might as well cook the dom breakfast as long as the collar was on him. Plus, whatever mood Steve woke up in, there was no point in pissing him off further.
“Yes you were. I saw how they looked at you. You’re their hero Tony. And you’re offering them something you don’t have. In return for information you shouldn’t have. We agreed that it’d be best if you remembered on your own!”
"I wanted to talk first. I don't think we understand each other." Tony said and Steve looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
"I don't think I'll ever get tired of looking at you." Steve said, his voice deeper than usual and much huskier than Tony expected. It eased his mind to find the Captain wasn't uneffected.
“No, not at all. We’d like to know how you circumvented Natasha’s efforts. Also, to draw up a new contract more suited to your special circumstances. I don’t think we need to reevaluate your spot on the Avengers, you’ve already proven yourself more than suitable Mr Stark.  You have nothing to worry about.”
“I know you don’t always see eye to eye with Director Fury, Captain. But really, he’s one of the good guys.”
"Tony, calm down. You do look dazzling.There's nothing to worry about." Pepper said.
Tony sat there for a moment, feeling like there were ants under his skin.Then he reached again for the tablet, and started to erase all evidence of himself viewing the video. Access logs and history caches…
“Oh god..” Tony’s hips jerked, making Steve bite his lip to keep still. Then it wasn’t just involuntary jerking but Tony was moving, up and down, trying to fuck himself on Steve’s cock while trying to fuck Steve’s hand. Steve got the message and moved. Even through all the slick it was still almost painfully tight. No one had ever seen Tony like this before. It was all for Steve’s eyes and Steve’s touch. The alpha reveled in the idea. He wouldn’t have minded if it wasn’t the omegas first time but to think that no one had ever had him before did something to him, more powerful than sexual arousal, a twisting, dark feeling in his gut. Without any rationality whatsoever, Steve decided no one else would ever have Tony. Steve would kill anyone who even tried with his bare hands.
Tony didn't even hear Steve move.
“Hold up. I’m riding with you.”
When Tony tried to go to his room to wait for his turn in the shower, the dom grabbed him and lead him into the bathroom.
“Steve..” Pepper’s voice came from the phone and Steve raised it back to his ear.
“You’re worried?” Steve asked, even though he knew it must be frightening to not remember anything.
Another male voice broke through his anger, rewiring all of Steve's circuits and Steve dropped the colonel to turn around and see Tony. The colonel fell on his feet a little unsteadily and coughed.
"Thank you for the offer Tony, but I don't think you're ready for it yet."
Steve stepped over to the counter to lift a paper towel covering a plate, revealing a big breakfast.
“But he’s such an amazing guy. I can’t think of a reason why we couldn’t get along. Maybe he turned me down and I didn’t tell you.”
"Good." Steve answered, and started to peel off his sweaty shirt.
"Hey you asked me to recycle, I was being a good boy! Steve! This could be helpful!"
“Yeah. You can do that but Tony’s hurt bad, I think. It was mostly luck we got out of there in one piece and with the suit. He needs a full scan.”
“Good to know.”
“I can’t remember how I met you.” He turned to Steve but Steve kept silent, giving him time to work through it himself.
Until finally, someone deigned to tell him a guy named Bruce Banner would be coming down to the R&D to work on a special project involving gamma radiation.
"It's not her fault." A warm hand started rubbing his stomach and Tony couldn't really be bothered to get mad. He was too relaxed for any feelings of resentment. And anyway, he decided he didn't want to keep secrets from Steve in any case.
“I said get out!” Tony screamed.
"I'm not very good at this. I'm sorry." He cringed. "What I mean is, yeah first few moments I woke up, I remembered how I felt about you. Then I really realised how I
No he was not, but all the anger was now replaced by hiccups and sobs. Steve magically produced a paper towel and handed it to Tony to wipe his face with.
"I was joking! Just come here and touch me! Hit me, spank me, tickle me, something!"
“Tony’s awake.” She addressed Steve directly. “He’s asking for you.”
If only Steve would nail him. Now, well after lunch, Steve was sitting on the couch while Tony knelt next to him with his prototype in his lap and the notebook laid out on the floor next to him. Steve was reading a book and petting Tony like he was a tame house pet. But at least Tony had started on the calculations he'd wanted to put on paper at the gym.
Unable to bear lying next to Steve, Tony got up and walked to his own little room. It looked cold in the meager light, spartan. His few possessions and the clothes Clint had brought over still lying on the bed.
“You know me pretty well right? We’ve known eachother a long time?”
"Fine."
"Tony, you always have your colors and your safeword. Believe me I'll never ignore or forget. But tell me one thing honestly, if I let you get away with any of it, would you still respect me as a dom? Would you be able to go down as beautifully as you did yesterday? Would you be able to submit to me? How would I be any different from all the other doms you've chewed up and spat out? What would be the point of this arrangement?"
"No, I'm not. What you did in your private life before you wore my collar is none of my business. But I'm not going to let you make this all about sex. I'll only have sex with you when I'm sure it's just an enjoyable part of our relationship, not the main goal."
Tony slumped on the bed and looked at the notebook in his hands. He could still feel the cage around his cock, he was too horny to function properly, and now he was supposed to cook? He'd actually been excited about getting some alone time with his prototype but now it looked like a sad lump of plastic and metal on the bed and Tony's mind drew a blank on the equations he'd been thinking about at the gym.
“What-” Steve looked up with one foot on the deck, as Clint swore. A streak of fire and red fell from the sky.
“Ruined Stane’s plans.” Steve summed it up. Pepper nodded.
“Uh, Bruce do you mind if I talk to Tony first? I’ll tell him to call you ok?” He told the scientist and ran off after Tony to catch the elevator without waiting for Bruce’s reply.
Tony looked around nervously but the gym was completely empty, it was just the two of them.
"Yeah." He shuffeled on his feet a little. "Are you gonna punish me?"
Rhodey's teeth rattled in his head as Steve shook him, he could feel the other alphas hands trying to pry Steve's away from his shirt where the super soldier was holding the colonel off the ground.
“That’s why everyone’s running out of here like the buildings on fire? I don’t see how bad this guy can be?”
Fine, Steve thought and got up.
Steve came to a stop when the Turkish officers let them pass, Coulson was there in less then a second, already speaking into his comm device, followed by an army of paramedics. Steve could hear Coulson give orders to pull intel teams back, as Captain America and Ironman had both reached the border.
Tony sat there and hated himself for how long he didn’t know. Eventually it was JARVIS who drew him out of his shame and self flagellation.
Tony thumped his head on the bed. Then thumped his head several times more until Steve put a hand on his cheek to make him stop.
"Yes." He answered, breathless.
“Oh shut it. I wrote those protocols. Well, at least I already read them. I know you keep an emergency folder.”
"Sorry! Yes, yes Steve." Tony rolled his eyes.
“Good. See? Easier to just be quiet and accept. Let me handle lunch.” Steve’s hand found it’s way to Tony’s throat then, caressing and soothing lightly, then up to cup Tony’s cheek and Tony sighed, finally relaxing.
"Your tally for today is 14." The captain informed him. "2 for your minor slip up in the gym, touching the equipment during the course, 10 for the big slip up in the gym. 2 more for your comments in the kitchen. I want to you to think about why I'm giving you 10 hits for your attitude problem in the gym Tony. I'll even give you a hint, it's about control."
Both had proved fallible. Tony didn’t blamed them. He blamed himself. And then he blamed Steve.
“I didn’t mind not knowing anything so much when it was just you and me. But this place is huge. And people look at me with expectation in their eyes.. Not all of those expectations are good.. I don’t know how to handle that. Maybe I knew, before. I don’t, now. I need help.”
He only let go when the genius nodded again.
"I thought it went well." Tony said as he walked into the room, fiddling with a cufflink, then he held his arm out to Pepper, who took up the task with a sigh.
“Oh damn..” Tony whispered, his eyes widening. The guy was built and he was hung like a horse. Well the Captain America armor didn’t leave much to the imagination anyway but seeing Steve like this, in all his glory… Tony felt like room temperature had skyrocketed. In panic, he skipped ahead a few minutes. Only to stumble across the moment Steve groaned something and came into his hand.
"Because it would be no problem Tony. I have a nice selection."
Steve  gave him a bit of a look but didn't say anything. He turned to Barton when Tony raised his chin defiently.
Steve raises his head and looks into her eyes. “You think?” he asks, and he’s sure that she doesn’t miss the tiny waver in his voice at the question.
“Steve.” He said, almost normal. Not quite.
Soon after that, after a series of less important peoples photos, like Hill and the girl who runs Tony’s favorite coffee shop and such flashed one after the other, Jarvis shut down the projection. Tony remembered none of them.
about you. How I've never been happier than when I was here.. with you."
Tony closed his eyes for a moment and breathed from his nose. Cap was seriously planning to sit there and draw him? He'd earned his orgasm damn it.
"Now I'm the ass for wanting to be kept in the loop." Tony grumbled as Barton opened the door to leave. "You're not gonna tell me what TRH reports are about are you?"
"I was so fucking worried for you." Steve murmured into his hair in a grim voice. "So worried Tony. I woke up and you were gone. I.." To his horror a sob left his throat "I love you. I love you so much." But then Tony was leaning back and kissing him.
"I'm not. I'm not very good. I'm a bad friend. Bad sub, a bad ceo and a bad team mate. I'm a bad person. I'm scared that people will realize. Pepper already did. And Rhodey will. One day, you will too."
"Look, Steve, you're insanely hot, I'd be crazy not to want you-"
"Yes! Yes I need help! Look, let me go pee then I swear I'll hold the fu-fancy pennies against the wall till morning if you want me to!"
Coulson shook his head.
It had hit so fast, he had barely managed to finish his speech. Tony knew a normal heat shouldn’t hit him like that but he wasn’t normal, was he. He had been stupid to play it so close. He should have known better. He should have stayed home. But the event had been so important. And he had set up his infallible safety measures in the form of Pepper, in case he needed to ditch suddenly, and Happy, again, in case he did very badly need to ditch suddenly.
"Think about it. Even if you don't give me an answer, answer this question for yourself."
"Yup." He answered easily. He got this.
“Glad to see you made it back. ” Agent Coulson gave Steve one of his half smiles, with the corners of his eyes crinkling just a little more than usual. “I should be yelling at you for ditching your team.”
"This is really good Tony. Good job. I'll admit I wasn't expecting such good cooking, so soon."
“Is Steve gone?” Pepper appeared as if summoned by Tony’s thoughts and Tony nodded. Then turned to her.
“I’m glad to hear that.” Then Steve turned in his seat once more to put the bag that held the take out onto the table.
"Good morning."
“I remember… impressions. Pieces..” Tony said, his voice too low almost to be heard, muffled against Steve’s neck but still quick. “You told me it was a one way trip.”
At that Steve hugged Tony with one arm, still sitting on his lap, and pushed his hair out of his face.
"Yes, I am clear on that.  So it's very important that if Fury is going to force you into this, at least who that dom will be should be your choice. "
Tony's head snapped up, it wasn't Pepper at the door, it was Barton. Tony stood up straight.
"No really. I'm better off standing. In fact maybe I'll go for a walk." Tony moved to the door but at that moment the door opened to reveal Colonel James Rhodes, who pushed Tony inside and closed the door after himself.
“Did they ever..?”
It was almost dawn when Steve marched Tony to bed. Tony had been too buzzed to sleep after all the information overload. Steve had forced him to try and remember more of the bits and pieces but it hadn’t worked. Tony hadn’t gotten any flashbacks. Not even of the Hulk, which he would think, would be a little hard to forget.
"It's ok.." he said weakly.
When the Captain pulled back and stopped touching Tony in order the set aside the bottle Tony felt cold and tired. Suddenly his arms were on fire, every joint in each finger ached, the pennies seemed to weigh a ton each. His back was aching from the position, knees locked too long in place.
"Tony I was in the army, I'm not making you use proper language because I have delicate ears. You're missing the point, again. But it's alright, you'll start to get it soon."
“Yes. So I was thinking… Pepper and I.. We decided it’d be better for Tony to remember things on his own but now that it’s been a while and there seems to be no progress, I was wondering if I could have copies of some of Tony’s own mission reports? I still think Tony needs to remember his own life by himself but maybe if we let him read some of the minor mission reports, events that Tony took part in.. That might help? Nothing very confidential, I don’t want to dump the New York incident on him, or case files about Mexico… Or Afghanistan, god forbid. But maybe it’d be a good idea to let him take a peek at how Iron Man worked with the Avengers? If you could select some of the less important mission reports?”
Tony looked up, annoyed.
"No." Tony answered, pouting just the tiny bit. Because, ok, no one had threatened him with physical harm but Fury had insisted that a collar and at least a temperoary period under the guidence of a dominant was obligatory in his case, if he wanted to stay in the team. If he didn't like the deal, he was free to walk away.
Tony kind of relaxed into the embrace, his hands finally coming up to touch the dom's arms. Then Steve let go.
“You’re trembling.” The alpha said and Tony shook his head. He didn’t really feel like talking right now. It wasn’t exactly like when he knelt next to Steve. But it wasn’t that dissimilar to that quiet state of submission either. Steve seemed to understand and did nothing more than pet Tony for a long while.
Breakfast was horrible, everything tasted like soap. And not the liquid, chai-vanilla flavoured, anti-bacterial chemichal stuff Tony had back home either. Rogers had produced an honest to god bar of lye soap. It literally tasted like a laundry in Tony's mouth.
He had planned to yell at Tony, ask him what he thought he had been doing and generally chew him out but the sight gave him pause, his anger suddenly evaporated. It wasn’t just the scent, Tony was genuinely scared.
"Hold up." The captain came around, picked a shirt up off Tony's arm and studied it with a critical eye. Tony squirmed, intensely aware of what a sloppy job he'd done. He started listing excuses in his head, ranging from, 'This is my first time ironing, cut me some slack' to, 'The cock cage is pinching, are you sure it's supposed to be on for this long, I can't concentrate on anything.'
"Gag Tony. Not another word."
Steve ran.
"Of course I won't. You're completely safe with me. All you have to do is trust me and do what I say. I won't even let you make contact with anything. In fact, I don't want you to navigate your way with your hands so I'll start a tally. Every time you touch anything or step outside the mats I laid out, you'll get 1 strike. So you'll need to keep your hands to yourself. Later, I might bind them, but for your first time, you'll have to control yourself."
Even those restrained caresses had been enough to make Tony’s head spin, make it so that all he could see and feel and smell was the gorgeous alpha above him. Finally he had let go, allowing Steve to be his world, even if just for the time being, he gave up and finally relaxed, knowing that Steve would take care of him.
I feel that I've throughly discussed the issue of consent in the whole of first chapter and I do not feel there is any noncon or dubcon in this. I do not view the conditions of the arrangement as coercive. As I made the point in the comments, in life we agree to do things that we don't like, in order to get the things we want, like studying to pass an exam. Tony is in no way forced to be in this relationship with Steve, he is offered an option. Sex was never part of the deal, that is a thing between a dom and a sub in this universe, if Tony wasn't so enthusiastic about sleeping with Steve, they could have had a completely platonic dom/sub arrangement. So I feel there is absolutely no dubcon and if you do feel there is, please don't feel like you have to read this.
"Eh. Fury was adament that you guys get the week to yourselves, barring the end of the world."
"Thank you, sir?" he teased back a little hesitantly and was immediately rewarded by Steve's deep appreciative purr right under his ear. This was a really awkward time to get so aroused. At his age, it was embarrassing how such little gestures from Steve managed to get him from zero to sixty in just a couple of seconds.
“Steve!” Tony said, and Steve couldn’t help but notice how truly handsome the man really was. When he wasn’t being an asshole. And when he wasn’t being condescending. Or sarcastic. Or defensive, stressed, over worked…
The Captain stopped and Tony closed his eyes, preparing himself for the shame that was about to follow.
On the other hand, he'd never felt this exposed before, even when he was naked in the middle of an orgy. This felt, oddly, much more personal than any spanking he'd ever gotten from any dom he'd slept with. He hadn't even had sex with Steve.
Steve replied more to the look and the almost trembling tone of his voice than to the question.
Boring chapter today but I wanted to make a few things clearer as well as see things from Tony's point of view. Aaand indulge myself... Another update coming soon.
Suddenly Tony was overcome with the strong urge to look and see the alpha, the perfect shades of yellow in his hair, the darker and ridiculously thick, long eye lashes, his skin, his nose, the line of his jaw, the full lips, and the abs. God. Tony had done good. He had done very good. He wasn’t sure if it was an omega thing, or a Tony Stark thing but he felt proud. He knew, in an embarrassingly animalistic level, his alpha was the strongest, fittest, and most gorgeous and he belonged to Tony.
Rogers nodded. "You use it, everything stops."
“Uh-oh. I may have memory loss but I do know that's never a good sign.” Tony quipped, still he made an effort to half sit up, at least to seem interested.
The truth was Tony had been unsure if Steve wanted him to eat with his dom at the table or not. And not only that, he'd hoped he could simply get away with preparing one plate because all the rest of the pasta kind of looked weird and Tony didn't want Steve to see it.
What was Tony doing, throwing that all back? Making Steve feel unwanted, less than, treating Steve as if his decision didn't matter. Tony was trying to make the decision for Steve, the decision of whom to collar.
“Maybe I should what?”
As soon as he stood up Steve pulled him in for a hug, then brushing his hair out of his forehead smiled down on Tony.
Tony then looked up at them first, then turned to Steve as he said, in a voice that was almost too quiet to be heard, “Don’t worry. I know you’re not my alpha. I won’t go around telling people you are.”
“What? Tony?”
“Really?” Steve asked and turned to look at the skinny blond guy. Oh that one was definitely an omega and he was blushing hard under the attention as he nodded.
It happened almost a month later. Steve had been ignoring Tony, Tony had been his usual self, not even bothering to give Steve the silent treatment, acting like nothing had happened. Fury had called them out on a minor but very delicate mission. In Syria.
"All of it." Steve told him when he paused for a breath. It was a big glass.
“No.” Tony croaked.
But to Tony's surprise, the captain just laid the shirt back down on Tony's arm.
"Yes you did, but if you have problems with it we can talk about it later. First, come here."
“Sir, as my protocols dictate, I’m forbidden from-”
"Alright. I'll humor you." he said, then added, "Oh but I have to say if the questions are about consent, I want it to be on record that I was blackmailed into this. So." he shrugged, knowing that being petulant about it at this point wouldn't do any good but unable to help himself.
"Uhhhh-" Tony hyperventilated through his nose. His whole being was zeroed in on this one spot where the Captain's mouth met his body and it was such an assault on his senses, he didn't even realise how he was aching his back and trying to press as far back as his position allowed.
"Yes Steve." Tony amended in a more normal tone and went to get the drinks.
“You really don’t remember me Tony?”
"Are you out of your fucking mind man!?" Rhodes strode towards them and this time Steve didn't even snarl at him. "It's your god damn life's work!"
"What?"
“Yeah I’m very smart, aren’t I. You should see my cool toys.” He followed Banner to one of the work stations.
"-you'll manage." Steve finished pursing his lips. "Tony, what exactly are you doing?"
"Challenge accepted." Tony nodded in all seriousness. Then he got up to clear the plates before Steve had to remind him.
His eyes were closed in shame but he could feel Steve's burning into his skin. Without looking he felt Steve move, the bottle changing hands as the hand left his cock only to reappear on his lower stomach. Steve must be standing behind him now, one hand holding the bottle, the other splayed over Tony's bladder. Then the hand started to gently press down, at the same time Steve's voice breathed in his ear.
At that one corner of Tony’s mouth went up in a half smile, a genuine smile. Tony clearly already liked the guy. And why not, there must have been a reason they had become close friends in the first place.
“Hi. Were you busy? May I come in?”
"You have no idea how hot you are." Steve said suddenly and Tony's wide eyes snapped up to the doms face who was now practically standing over him, cock to eye, save for the glass still between them. Tony was only able to swallow.
Suddenly Steve was marching towards him and Tony panicked.
Tony shook his head and just sort of stood there in Steve's hold.
It was said so earnestly, so openly and freely Tony couldn't help but believe it for a moment, his heart thumping in his chest and his stomach twisting into knots. He did not know how to take it.
Then Obie appeared and Steve bit the inside of his cheek.
“Can you tell us what you do remember?” Pepper asked.
The arrogant look melted away from Tony’s face as the man stood up and walked the few paces around the table, then hesitated before kneeling.
But Tony’s mouth was so hot, and his tongue soft on the tips of his fingers. The genius had always had a clever mouth on him, it was almost impossible not to imagine what else he could do with it.
Tony gaped at Steve like a fish for a moment, then snapped his jaw close and bent his head. Steve felt a pang of regret at the gesture, before the head wound, Tony wouldn’t have just accepted the criticism. He would have fought back. Maybe even pushed Steve bodily as Steve suddenly realized how close he was standing to Tony, crowding him to the wall. He took a step back, the submissive gesture bringing Steve to his senses.
"I don't really have to use the cold water honestly, I can see you're excited by the idea of a chastity cage but you're not completely aroused yet. So we could've just waited for your erection to go down. But, this gives me a nice opportunity to.. motivate you to think twice before you try to talk your way out of an order again."
To his credit, the colonel looked chastised.
“You know what I mean. I’m ok with it. I think there’s nothing wrong with it. I wanted you to know that.” He said finally, feeling stupid under Tony’s amused gaze.
"...known all along. We never actually said we were together. Everyone just assumed. Not my problem if it makes you guys look like a bunch of gossipy school girls. I guess that's the professional hazard of sticking your nose into peoples private lives. But seriously, Pepper is family. She's just happy that I'm happy."
Steve tried not to smile but Tony’s sharp eyes didn’t miss the way his lips pursed in effort.
Steve saw red at that. Only an omega who Steve just fucked because it was convenient?
Captain walked over to the counter and opened a bottle of water, he drained it in one go then turned to Tony.
"Tony!" Pepper yelped, and Rhodey muttered something like "Shameless.."
When Tony spotted him with it he immediately started to shake his head.
Tony wasn't surprised that Steve had woken up and was quiet enough that Tony hadn't heard him approach from behind. But he didn't turn around to look at him. Cap probably looked edible right now, in his lowriding sweat pants and habit of sleeping shirtless. Eyes sleepy and hair mussed in a way that it didn't even in battle. Tony didn't want to see any of it.
The captain looked relaxed, unselfconscious, like being watched didn't bother him at all. Tony supposed the army did that to you. Steve turned on the water and stepped under the spray. His sigh, along with the display of muscles and that tight ass went to Tony's cock. And got stuck there, as Tony's cock had no space to manuver in. He felt the cage starting to press in on him.
“..only about my own mission reports. I don’t-”
"What? Then why did I even.. I could have just made a sandwich in the first place-" Tony whirled around to face Steve, creamy water dripping everywhere from the wet plate in his hand.
Steve studied Pepper intently, trying to find a less  animalistic way than sniffing, of letting her know that he didn’t believe her. Pepper avoided looking into his eyes.
"Alright."
Tony opened his hands and raised his eyebrows in the universal gesture for 'come at me bro'.
An antsy feeling started to crawl up Tony's spine. Was Steve trying to imply something? He had woken up in Steve's bed and forced himself not to dwell on it too much, at least before coffee. But it was harder to do when Steve was right in front of him.
“It’s alright Tony. You trust Colonel Rhodes. I’m sure there’s no need to worry.” At that Tony seemed to relax a little and Steve felt a little embarrassed when he realized what had Tony so wound up was the tone of his voice. Tony didn’t need to hear anger from him right now. Steve wasn’t sure how the geniuses mind worked at the moment, this was a Tony Stark he had never seen before, but he should play it safe.
“What? No, no.. Let Tony sleep.”
“If Tony has any doubts about your motives during his heat-”
"When we're at home, alone, I want you to call me by my name." Rogers said, and Tony realised, he had been referring to the dom with his last name in his head. In the field, he usually called him Captain or Cap or some creative variation, but he'd never called the guy by his given name. And he considered him a friend? What kind of intimacy did that indicate?
Steve sighed then reached out for the dossiers Coulson had left on the coffee table, and pulled out various papers, selected the report on Avengers Initiative and laid the photos out.
“Maybe you should.”
"Don't move." Steve said, once more proving Tony had his absolute undivided attention.
"Does this feel good? Have you been hoping I would touch you like this?"
“Alright. You be a good little beta and do what Captain Kill-joy tells you. But I don’t know, I may slip up and mention to Banner how you told me what a major asshole he is and- ”
"Please.." he said again weakly moving his hips.
"Please. Honey bear?" He asked with a timid but tentatively teasing smile. "For me. I promise we'll go on all the dates we've missed and I'll not call you, then bitch about the last time you were on whatsapp. The whole shebang. I'm yours anyway." He paused to let his last words sink in for a moment. "I know I can trust you."
Tony had started to back away the only direction he had, into the shower stall, Steve followed him in, crowding the sub to the wall.
"No dude, no! No way, nothing like that. Can we just.. you know, relax and sit for a moment?"
Steve pushed him by the hold he had on Tony’s throat until the other man was laying flat on the floor on his back, looking up at Steve with calm, half lidded eyes, giving in completely. Steve wanted to lick Tony all over, so he settled for leaning over the omega and licking a broad stripe from his collar bone to under his ear, along Tony’s jugular. Tony shivered and let out a quiet moan that went to Steve’s cock directly.
"No pasta this time?"
He let go of Tony to peek out the door, and the solution was sitting a little further away in the form of a land rover. If he could get Tony there without anyone noticing they could ride out. Not very safe, nor easy but it was their chance.
Rhodey chuckled but didn't give an answer.
He had looked forward to Tony opening his first fanmail, but the moment was ruined now and Steve didn’t want to sit and stew in the scent of Tony’s fainting arousal and growing disappointment. He grabbed his gym bag and walked to the door.
"You are not allowed to close the door, but if you're in here, I'll assume you want some time to yourself and if I don't need you, I'll allow it." Rogers said, glancing inside without stepping in.
Then Tony turned to place a kiss to Steve’s palm and Steve felt his heart stutter. The mere fact that Tony accepted praise from him, valued it even, hit Steve hard for a moment. It was the kind of thing that would trick Steve’s hind brain that, this beautiful man right here was his omega, more forcefully than the fact that Tony was kneeling for him. It truly made Steve feel like he owned a part of Tony. He had to remember he didn’t.
Steve nodded tensely, but a fragment of worry still niggled at him. Coulson was like a dog with a bone. A very smart dog, with all sorts of resources under his command. He’d have to be more careful around the agent.
Tony didn’t seem to mind. Actually Tony didn’t seem to mind anything. He didn’t even talk much, aside from asking for more, or another bite of pizza, or to call Steve’s name. On some level, Steve knew maybe it should be worrying but for some reason he wasn’t worried. All he could smell in their now inseparably mixed scents were satisfaction, contentment and happiness.
“Just a peek, alright? Just..”
When he was gone Steve had to take a moment to remind himself, again, that the colonel was in fact a good, decent man, only concerned for his friend.
Steve's calm and deep voice in his ear giving reassurances and his big palm pressing was too much in combination. Tony first felt a few drops leave his cock, then short bursts, then he was peeing. He tried not to think of how he was standing splayed naked with his feet spread in the middle of his team captains living room, peeing into a bottle that the said team captain was holding. He ignored the smell and peed, until there was nothing more in him. When he was done he felt completely drained.
“Well,” Tony started with half his mouth full, “Pepper is cool, you know. And the robots here are awesome.” He swallowed before adding the rest more quietly, “It’s a distraction. Takes my mind of worrying too much.”
Tony did as he was told feeling more exposed for some reason.
"You did sign the consent forms. Did you sign them under duress?" the voice asked. Tony supposed it was his to-be dominant.
Ridiculously he felt like thanking Tony. He knew it was stupid and he wouldn’t say anything but tonight had felt nothing like any of the heats he’d spent with other omegas. Tony was nothing like the other omegas. He was strong, stubborn and smart. He had earned Steve’s respect in more ways than one and he had offered himself to Steve. Despite Tony’s words from before, he still felt a little like the runt from Brooklyn who was nowhere near worthy of an omega like Tony Stark. He was grateful.
”Excuse me.” He said and left the room to breathe for a moment.
For the past 2 days, he hadn't even thought about having a drink. He'd been sleeping like a baby and most curiously, he felt like everything was going to be alright. He turned the penny around in his hand with a little smile. It felt like a hopeful new beginning. Of course, he knew a couple of days did not a relationship make. Especially one that was forced on by SHIELD. But still, he felt lighter, less worried, less stressed, less alone.
Tony looked at him with surprise for a moment. "You really think so?"
"You're welcome. Now let's go get showered."
"Since when are you this shy Tony? I remember you mooning a group of delegates in a particularly well documented fundraiser. Never mind the paparazzi, those people were so old I'm sure some of them had minor heart attacks."
“He told me when he was 16. I was the first person he told, did you know that?” He said then took a sip.
"You'll be cooking dinner too, but for now, I want you to make me a sandwich. Half a plate of pasta is not going to do it for me. You can make one for yourself too if you want."
"I can just stand under the hot water and enjoy myself. You have no idea what a privilage that is." Steve almost murmured, his voice getting deeper, as he wrapped his hand around his cock and gave himself a stroke.
He knew there was some sort of mechanical catch in the suit that would manually release Tony, in case of power loss and such but if the suit wasn’t damaged beyond repair he didn’t want to leave it behind. He wanted to touch the other man and determine the damage but he couldn’t get through layers of enforced titanium without the suit falling apart, all he could see was Tony’s face. He was pale without a single scratch on his handsome face. More worryingly, Steve couldn’t spot the source of the blood that covered one side of it.
“When I realized he was the one person I wanted to tell all my secrets to, and that making him smile was something I wanted to do every day,” he says after a long moment. “Also I really, really wanted to kiss him, and I’d never really felt that before,” Foggy adds wryly.
“Like that - like you’re thinking about how I might look out of that suit.”
The words bind around Steve’s throat, heavy rope keeping him in place.
Her lips ghost over his forehead, and the touch burns.
“I don’t remember you complaining,” Steve replies, smirking up at Tony.
Steve stares up at Tony, something suspiciously like exhilaration fizzing through his veins.
“Well, is it working?” Steve asks, trailing his lips over the sensitive spot on Tony’s neck, grinning when he hears Tony’s breath stutter.
The doors slide smoothly open and Steve steps inside. “Tony, there’s breakfast upstairs if you want it—” Steve breaks off when he spots Rhodey, the strangely shy look on his face morphing into a delighted grin.
“I love you too,” Tony returns, eyes twinkling.
Steve nods. “Definitely, we’re doing this again. Why don’t you come over next week once you’ve decided on the colors and I’ll give you my thoughts? We’ll rewatch Dead Poets Society so you’ll understand exactly why you’re wrong about it being a bad movie.”
“Well, you certainly haven’t been acting like you consider me your best friend these past few weeks!” Tony yells back, seemingly done with acting calm. “All you’ve done lately is avoid me, ever since I came back from that mission with Natasha. You keep running out on mission debriefs, and blowing me off for our weekly hangouts,” Tony scoffs bitterly. “Last week after truth and dare, I embarrassed you so much that you didn’t even come to movie night, and you always make time for movie night.”
“Not buying it.”
Steve presses a finger to the edge of Tony’s mouth and leans in close. “I do. I love you.”
Sam turns to Steve with an encouraging smile, leaning back in his chair in front of the computers. “It’ll be alright, Cap. Looks like no one suspects a thing.”
Tony blinks as his gaze focuses on Steve, taking in his disheveled state. “You’re… wet. Why are you wet?”
“Don’t start with me, Romanoff. I
Natasha hums, eyes sparkling. “I don’t know what you mean, Tony.”
He wishes he could be with Tony at the gala right now, so that he could chase away the sadness in Tony’s face with an inside joke and a teasing smile, and he could take Tony in his arms and hold him close, could lean in and—
Steve waits. He bows his head, but even prayer seems lacking here as he stands in front of Death with his hands empty, his body aching.
Steve Rogers, I want to be your husband. Will you marry me?”
Usually.
“My shield is more than fine as it is, Tony, and you know it.” Steve reaches out and trails his hand up Tony’s arm as he approaches their bed, pulling him closer.
“You know it is, jerk,” Tony replies, clutching at the collar of Steve’s button-down as he presses Steve firmly against the back of the couch. “You’re wearing your ‘I’m-gonna-seduce-Tony’ shirt, the one that matches your eyes. Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily.” This time, Steve does indeed get to taste Tony’s laughter with a kiss, biting down hard enough on Tony’s bottom lip to elicit a moan.
Then he heard the rustling of paper.
“What!? Pepper no!” Steve realized he was yelling suddenly then lowered his voice, “I didn’t fucking force him, damn it!”
"Yes, Steve." The name felt weird, too familiar. Maybe that was exactly what Rogers was going for. What Steve was going for.
“I feel.. ” but the omega didn’t finish the sentence. Rather Tony took a moment to think about it, his brows creased. Steve figured he either didn’t know how he was feeling or he didn’t want to elaborate on his heat.
Oh, good, Tony thought. Intel was always useful. Not to mention he had always been a little bit curious about Rogers in bed. Was he the kind of dom who liked to wine and dine a sub? Or was he the posessive, controling type? Tony had no doubt Rogers was a complete gentelman, but all that repressed, 40's sense of propriety might come crumbling down when he was fucking a sub into the next week. Did he like to inflict paint? Was he the type to tease and play? Was he rough or sensual?
Instant boner. He watched for a few seconds as Steve finished, washed his hands then grabbed the soap. Only then he thought to wonder what it was that Steve had said right as he had orgasmed.
With that, a big hand cupped Tony's balls with a finger pressed right behind them and the palm around his cock started to really work him.
There was a sharp rap to his skull, which truly  hurt. "Ow!"
Steve hit a special ops solider right in the face and grabbed his weapon as he dived for cover, then turned to look back at the jet. Clint’s time was getting shorter. Soon there would be no airspace for them to sneak through,  so he gave his orders, “Ride out Hawkeye. Right now. That’s an order. I’ll meet you at the Turkish border.”
Tony leaned back in his seat, arms still crossed, trying to put as much distance between himself and Barton as was possible, without running out of the room. Because that would be childish.
Tony nodded, his gazed fixed on the coffee table, like he was living and reliving the memory of delivering the nuke to the chitauri.
"Cap, you mind giving us a second alone? Then if he wants Stark can still use his safeword, alright? Right."
"Too late, you already earned yourself punishmet." Steve said, then he dumped Tony on the threadmill. "But this is not it. Punishment will come later. This is exercise. 20 minutes warm up cardio. Now."
For the third time he sank his teeth into Tony’s flesh, on the tight cords of muscle of his shoulder, deeper than his bites before and snapped his hips into the omega, making him cry out.
"This is a good look on you." The Captain commented with a slight smile.
Tony usually  avoided even thinking about this. He didn't get scared, scared was a word that didn't exist for him. Denial, however, was a word that very much existed in Tony's vocabulary. Right now, though, he wanted to talk about it. He wanted Steve to know, he wanted to be exposed, known and understood.
Tony rolled his eyes.
The Captain didn't even lift his head. He kept licking at Tony's exposed hole, spread to the maximum.
"And what will you do if I don't?" he asked trying to sound seductive but he sounded apprehensive even to his own ears.
Tony huffed. "I can't cook for shit."
Tony put the phone back in his pocket and swivelled in his chair to face the mirrored window.
“Better?” he asked.
Then he was gone.
"Do you."
But he couldn't care.
"You bet. After all I can safely say I've seen it all." Barton replied and stood up. "Thanks for the beer." He drained the last of it and moved to the door. Tony got up to follow.
“What if he is just disgusted? Everything.. Everything that happened since Syria.. What if he woke up and suddenly remembered who he was in bed with? Had been for the last five fucking days.”
"You won't take any more of those drugs will you?"
There was no answer. The locked door was just a piece of slat, no matter how elegantly designed, it wouldn’t be a problem for Steve to break it. But Tony was going into heat and Steve was probably the last person he wanted in his space at the moment. Steve took it as the suggestion of privacy that it was, rather than a physical obstacle. But if Tony was in danger…
Tony furiously wiped at his eyes. He wasn’t crying. Not really but trying not to, was giving him a headache.
When the spray of water had washed his come down the drain, he had still been imagining the taste of Tony’s come on his tongue, down his throat, the omega would lay there spent, and still look at Steve with want in his eyes.
Tony snuggled into him, strong smell of distress was starting to fade.
You guys know how writing is, if you've written stuff and it gets lost, its a huge motivation killer. I like this story and I don't want to abandon it completely. But I really need to rescue my notes from the hard drive. I don't know how long it'll take either.
Pepper was an entirely different matter. Tony already liked her. He knew she was an omega, and she was very competent, he had even noticed her glare down Steve. He could respect that. She was also nice and seemed to know Tony very well. Still, Tony thought, he would have felt more comfortable if he remembered her. He felt like he should. He also felt like he was letting her down all the time by not remembering. It wasn’t a good feeling.
"He was fine." He said when Rhodey walked away from him with a huff and started to pace around the lounge. "He was happy. Calm. Content."
"Breathe Tony." Steve's other hand was warm on his chest and Tony tried to concentrate on that. It was impossible.
"Now, I want you to take off your pants, grab your things and follow me." Rogers nudged Tony with his knee. When Tony was standing he took off the belt from around his wrists. It hadn't been there long, but Tony still felt like he was let go from a nice warm hug.
Then it dawned on Tony, this guy here had just arrived and maybe Steve hadn’t warned him about telling Tony things from his past.
Steve was pacing the halls of the infirmary, passing by Tony’s door every couple of minutes. He didn’t know how long it had been but the doctors had done the tests, scans, and whatever else was needed, then placed Tony into a room. They hadn’t yet told Steve what the problem was or how long Tony would have to stay there.
"One more thing."
“Uh.. I don’t want to be insensitive or anything but.. Tony’s scent.. I mean the heat scent, there’s something different about it.. ”
He went back to Tony’s side and slid an arm under the armor to lift it into a fireman's carry. “Sorry Tony.” He grunted as he carried the omega to safety for the second time. Compared to two thugs in an alley, the ride that awaited them would be much more dangerous yet Steve felt unreasonably calmer. He wasn’t even sure he could have made it out if he had been as angry as when he’d found Tony struggling and writhing under the thugs. But he drove fast and carefully, evading fire when they were spotted, instead of engaging even though he had firearms in the rover. Tony sat slumped next to him, and kept getting paler while Steve finally managed to lose his tail and drive them into the open desert.
"Do you really want it Tony? Or are you just offering?"
“Miss Potts.” He greeted Pepper as civilly as he could in order not to give away how worried he was. Pepper turned to him and tried to smile. “Oh. Steve. How are you doing? Is everything alright?”
“No Tony.” He said. “This is your decision, if you want to come out to SHIELD or not, but I think you’d do better to make this decision when your memories have returned. It can’t be too long now anyway.”
And now he doesn’t need to wonder. Now Steve knows he’ll love Tony for all of his life.
Death nods. “If you choose his memories, he will wake up with no remembrance of you or your past together. He will feel nothing for you.
“What’s with the frown, Cap? Still grumpy because I suggested some modern improvements for your shield?”
“So, Cap, you want to go cake-tasting?” Tony whispers against his lips with a tiny smirk.
“It was Cap. My first crush as a kid was on Cap. I had all his posters, made my own model of the shield… I only realized years later that it was my first crush, but yeah.”
Steve’s breath hitches in his throat when he feels Tony’s hand on his cheek.
Steve halts in the doorway, the sight of a sleepy, barely-awake Tony in the kitchen lifting the last dregs of his bad mood from yesterday.
Tony’s thoughts are taking him down a very enjoyable path until JARVIS interrupts his daydreaming with an announcement. “Captain Rogers at the door, sir.”
Steve bites back a curse, worry forming like a heavy stone in his stomach. He’s been so wrapped up in trying to manage his feelings for Tony ever since his realization that he’s been putting some distance between them, and now Tony might not be okay.
Steve holds back a sigh at Tony’s question, fingers clenching around the stem of his champagne glass.
Her voice trails off as Steve straightens, more than a little surprised. “No, we’re fine, everything’s fine.” Jan spares a glance at their surroundings.
Tony stands at the bar, watching Steve as he laughs at a joke Thor is making, the sound ringing clear across the room. He had asked Bruce to get him a drink earlier, but it’s stayed mostly undisturbed for the past fifteen minutes as he keeps his gaze on Steve, heart beating too fast for him to pretend that he isn’t feeling nervous.
Tony’s first crush had been on Captain America, not Steve Rogers. He had liked the hero he saw in the posters and comic book and secondhand stories, not Steve. Even if any of that admiration had been for Steve, it was only a boyhood fancy, one that must have faded years ago. It certainly doesn’t say anything about Tony’s feelings for Steve now.
“I like blankets?” Tony tries. A small smirk crosses his face before disappearing when he looks back up at Steve.
“You did?” Steve asks, his voice hushed. This feels like a dream, like the best dream he’s ever had. But even in his sweetest dreams, he’s never seen Tony looking at him like this. Like he loves Steve.
“Are you saying that was the first time you’ve ever checked me out? I’m a little disappointed, Tony.”
“Steve,” Tony whispers. “If I’d known you’d wanted any, all of that, I would have given it all to you in a heartbeat.” His fingers tighten around Steve’s wrist, his eyes bright. “That’s why I asked you to dance. I want those things with you too.”
Steve rubs a hand over his eyes. Right now, he would like nothing more than to crawl into bed, pull the covers over his head, and forget about everything he just read. “Not today, Thor. But thanks for the offer.”
“I wanted you to be that person too,” Steve says, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. “I’ve had feelings for you for months, but I was confused because I’ve only felt like this with you, and I thought I didn’t understand romance, that I was doing it wrong.
“Kiss me.”
The girl in front of him laughs and looks over at her friend’s phone. Steve glances over it before he can stop himself, only for his stomach to fall to his feet when he sees what they’re looking at.
When Clint had mentioned playing Spin the Bottle, Steve found himself automatically seeking Tony’s gaze, wondering what it would be like if he agreed to play, if his spin landed on Tony and they kissed. If Tony would be nervous, or if he would be brazen about it, stealing a kiss off Steve’s lips easily for a game.
Steve releases a breath and nods, placing his textbook down beside him. “Yeah, I’m happy to help him out and see if we might make good friends, but I don’t do blind dates. They’re confusing, and just, you know, not my thing.”
“A pity.” Rhodey redirects his gaze to Tony and narrows his eyes. “Tones, turn it down please?”
“Yes, Tony, god, of course, yes. I love you so much.”
“Something like that,” Tony says, subdued, as Steve leans forward to help him with his tie.
“Jerk.”
Steve laughs and nudges Tony inside. “You just like me for my bed, Stark.”
It’s just a stupid joke. Right?
“Oh, really? I like the sound of that…”
“Oh yeah? And what might that be?”
“She’s not wrong,” Tony adds with a wink, and Steve feels his face heat with a blush, even as he knows Tony’s just flirting for laughs. He doesn’t mean it, not the way Steve wants him to, but that doesn’t mean Steve is unaffected by it.
The smile that breaks out on Tony’s face is so beautiful that, for a moment, Steve finds it hard to breathe.
Steve’s head snaps up. He opens his mouth to speak, but Tony’s expression is open and relaxed, far from accusatory, and Steve swallows the sharp retort of denial waiting on his tongue.
Steve reaches up to cup Tony’s face, warmth spreading through his chest at Tony’s soft expression. “As much as I’ve enjoyed sneaking around, I want to be able to kiss you in front of everyone and have them see what you mean to me,” he answers quietly. Steve lifts Tony’s hand to his mouth for a kiss. “I can’t think of a better birthday present.”
Jan’s hug throws him off balance and Steve rocks to the side a little with a laugh before hugging her back fiercely. “You’re amazing, and don’t let anybody tell you otherwise, you hear me?” she says. Steve smiles into her shoulder.
“Tell me, Steve Rogers. What would you give to get him back?”
The New Year’s bash they decided to have only a few days ago is now in full swing, team members and friends and acquaintances alike all chatting amongst themselves in different groups to the beat of the music, which Tony suspects Nat put Clint in charge of. He’s always had a very eclectic taste. Tony spots many familiar faces in the crowd, and the sight of Carol and Rhodey standing close together, soft smiles on their faces, leaves him feeling happy and warm. Even if he fails in his wish for tonight, things are clearly looking good for the pair of them. It’ll be something to celebrate, along with the new year.
He knows they’re innocent, that Clint and Tony are just friends, but the idea of all these people believing that Clint and Tony are together makes his hackles rise.
Steve sweeps his gaze slowly over Tony’s body, and Tony feels the weight of Steve’s desire as clearly as if Steve had voiced his thoughts out loud. An answering rush of desire courses through Tony, swelling up to meet Steve’s. Steve’s tongue darts out to lick his bottom lip, his eyes still never leaving Tony’s, and Tony finds himself fighting for breath. Who needs oxygen when Steve Rogers is looking at him like
When they break apart for air, Tony’s smile is a small, impossibly beautiful thing. The smile of a man in love.
“You know, Cap, if you keep frowning like that, your face is going to end up sticking that way,” Clint remarks, swinging his legs up on the table before leaning over to try and steal a cookie from Hulk’s plate. A moment later, Steve hears a crash and a bang beside him, so he figures the attempt was unsuccessful.
“Oh, Steve!”
“Also, I love you, asshole.”
Jan’s come up on the stairs behind Steve. “You’re lucky Steve was here to catch you, Tony.”
“Wait, hold on, let me finish. I’ve been practicing this way too many times with DUM-E and JARVIS. They’ll be disappointed if I don’t get it perfect.”
Tony laughs and buries his face in the crook of Steve’s neck. “That was terrible. I
“Tony.
“Yep. Long day, long meetings. You don’t want to know more. I have no idea how Pep puts up with more of those than I do. And she can run circles around the Board.”
Three steps and he’s in front of Steve, crawling into his lap and shoving the book aside before he stills. One hand is fisted in Steve’s dark blue shirt (it’s one of Tony’s favorites, it brings out Steve’s eyes wonderfully). Tony's other hand hovers over Steve’s pinking cheek, one shiver away from touching it.
" The clear affection in Tony’s voice is a balm to Steve’s racked nerves, and the idea of tipping his head up and tasting the laughter from Tony’s lips is more than a little tempting in that moment.
“Fuck, stop looking at me like that, I’m gonna mess it all up. Okay, here it is:
Tony’s here, and he’s safe now.
Except, he’d saved the file with one single resolution without really giving himself a reason why. Except, as the weeks passed, the simple desire to lean over the dinner table or turn to him when they were sitting next to each other on the couch and kiss Steve stayed warm and bright in his chest. The desire to take his hand and kiss him slow and close in the brightness of Tony’s workshop, or on the street for all to see as they were joking and dealing with clean-up of another mission. Wanting to kiss Steve quickly turned into thinking of ways to make Steve smile, wanting him to smile at Tony, wanting to take care of him, to hold him…
Steve’s heart feels lighter than air. He thinks if someone challenged him to fly right now, he just might be able to do it. He’s not sure he’s ever been this happy, except for maybe when Tony had smiled shyly across the table from him on their first date, and he wondered if this was the start of the rest of his life.
He remembers the first time Tony helped him with his cufflinks before a party, how the sight of Tony in a tuxedo had taken Steve’s breath away. Steve had been helpless to do anything but close the gap between them when Tony had smiled up at him once he finished fastening them onto Steve’s shirt. Their first kiss.
But all he cares about now is the delight blooming across Steve’s face at Tony’s answer, and the answering giddiness he feels sweeping through him.
Steve shoves his hands in his pockets. “You missed my “I’ll Make a Man Out of You” ringtone?”
If Tony hadn’t been so delightfully distracting this morning, Steve would have never forgotten to take his phone with him to class.
“And if you didn’t love it, you wouldn’t be laughing right now, Rogers.”
with Steve so very badly.
When he looks back down, Jan is peering at him with a soft expression. Steve feels a rush of warmth at the thought of being lucky enough to have friends who know him well and care about him to the point of following him out onto a fire escape in the middle of a party, just to make sure he’s alright.
Foggy shakes his head at Steve, grinning broadly. “Buddy, you’re preaching to the choir here. I’m head over heels for my best friend in the entire world and he has no clue.”
There’s a short pause before he continues again, still unable to meet Tony’s eyes. “So that’s why it’s been difficult for me, being around you. And you didn’t make me uncomfortable during truth and dare. It was just hard, hearing that you used to have a crush on Captain America when I feel the way I do about you. I’m working on it though, and I hate that it’s affected our friendship like this, but I don’t want to lose you either. I can’t promise that I’ll get over it soon, but—”
“How my new design of your suit definitely did some very good things for your ass, and that I deserved a pat on the back for it. Or maybe a pat on
“Steve? What’s wrong?” Tony asks, his gaze fixed on Steve. He doesn’t sound exasperated now, just quietly and achingly confused.
you’re with.”
“There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you, Steve.” Foggy’s words are strong and firm, and Steve is thankful for that. He looks down, a lump forming in the back of his throat.
“May I?” Tony asks, his voice a low murmur. Steve nods, looking at Tony like he never wants to look at anything else ever again, and Tony’s heart sings in his chest. His hand dips down as he moves the glasses off Steve’s face, brushing against Steve’s gorgeous mouth.
“You’re on.”
Tony’s blush is unmistakable even in the dim lightning. “Shit. Ah, thanks, Steve. I’m fine.” He rubs the back of his neck, looking sheepish. “I was looking for you, actually, but then I tripped on the step.”
Steve tightens his grip on the edge of his sketchpad as he turns back to the paper in front of him, stretching out his legs so as to better balance the weight of it on his knees. His pencil hovers over the page, ready to make its mark, but Steve pauses just before it hits the paper, heaving a quiet sigh.
“They always make me think of you, of us. It’s perfect, Tony.” He leans in again to brush his lips over Tony’s. “I love you.”
“It wasn’t Loki.” Jan grins and crosses the balcony to the open doors. “You boys coming?”
Steve steps out of his bathroom suite, running a towel through his hair. He’s barely gotten his pants and shirt on when Tony storms into his room.
As if summoned by Steve’s thoughts, Tony suddenly appears next to him, one hand on his arm. There’s a pinched edge to his smile that smooths out when he sets his eyes on Steve. Something tight and careful in his posture leaves Steve feeling on edge, even as Tony maintains an outwardly calm expression.
“Whatever you say, darling.”
“That’s it, Rogers. I let you sulk yesterday but I know you were lying when you said you weren’t feeling well. You’ve been acting weird for days and no one knows why. Not even Nat—”
“That goes both ways, Steve. Always. You have to remember that.”
“You do remember I know you, right? Plus you haven’t been able to take your eyes off him for the past twenty minutes.”
Her gaze cuts across him like a knife, knowing. “You came to me, Steven Rogers, prepared to trade your life for his. But that is not what I will ask of you.”
“What if I don’t want you to get over it?” Tony’s voice is warm and careful, a gentle caress to Steve’s heart.
“Says the guy who tells everyone to call him
Tony wants
“...”
Steve’s grin turns rakish. “Now, I believe you said something about being ravished. I’d hate to break a promise on my birthday.” He flips them over, pinning Tony to the couch in one quick move, biting back a shudder when Tony wraps his legs around his waist.
“Foggy Nelson?” Nat asks.
Once again, Tony voices their goodbyes and then they make their way quickly towards the open door. Once they’re half a block from the bar, Tony breaks his silence to thank Steve for the rescue from an overly ardent admirer, a mixture of relief and discomfort in his voice.
backside.”
“Screw it, what’s another fifteen minutes - now, come here.”
Putting his book aside, he stands up and strides over to Tony, motioning at him to lift his chin. “You must be dreading this party to want me to go so badly, hmm?”
Tony can’t bring himself to disagree.
“Is that… a beanie?” Tony squints across at Steve, his cup of coffee lifted halfway to his lips.
“Deal.”
Rhodey grins and goes in for a hug, clasping Steve on the shoulder. “I took an early flight and crashed in one of the guest rooms last night. Been down here all morning.”
Steve smiles back at her, feeling himself relax at the note of laughter in her voice. The anxiety that had opened up in his chest and chased him out here a  few minutes ago loosens its grip on him a little. He tips his head back, letting out a small sigh.
It's usually a trait that Tony is rather fond of.
He appreciates the invitation, but parties have always been either a source of boredom or embarrassment for him, and he doesn’t think the party being thrown for
Jan’s squeal is clearly audible over the phone. “Oh, Steve, that’s wonderful. He’ll be thrilled.”
“Growing up, I knew a lot of people who really wanted to have their first kiss just to say they had done it, or for the experience of it. But I never wanted it that way. I didn’t mind waiting, and there wasn’t really anyone who I wanted to kiss anyway.”
She places a hand on his shoulder when she reaches him, giving him a pointed nudge. “Shove over, won’t you, Rogers?”
“You know, I really think we should make this a standing appointment. Sundays, five pm, our own lonely hearts club,” Foggy muses.
“Hey, hey. It’s alright. I distracted him well enough before you got there to finish him off, didn’t I? Luring the Bilgesnipe out was a bit of a risk, I’ll admit it, but
Most call her cruel. Few say she can be kind.
Then, Tony sees the gold letters spelling “Stark” on the edge of Steve’s hood and his mind grinds to a halt.
“I’ve never...” Steve swallows hard. “I always thought that I just didn’t know how it worked, that maybe there was something wrong with me that could only be fixed with the right person. So even when I felt something I thought was more than friendship, I thought I was making it up in my head because I still didn’t understand how it worked for everyone else.”
“I’m not really in the mood for dancing, Tony,” Steve tells him, hoping he doesn’t sound as frustrated as he feels. “Besides, you wouldn’t want the crowd to think you’re abandoning your fiance, would you?”
Steve grins. “Aren’t you a genius? I would have thought the great Tony Stark could easily engineer a way to get through a locked door with his eyes closed.”
I know I love you.”
So much for a smooth mission.
For a moment, Steve feels so very small, staring at something he wants but can never be his. In a perfect world, those girls would be giggling over a picture of him and Tony dancing at the gala, but he lost his chance at that too.
He leaves it there as he stands up from the bar stool, Tony’s hand still tight around his arm. The brunette next to Tony fixes her eyes on where his hand is resting, her mouth stretched out in a taut line, but she says nothing. “I was just about to go looking for you when you found me,” Steve adds.
“Tony,” Steve says gently, “I’m not with Foggy. Jan set us up as friends, it was never anything else.”
He steps back and brushes a hand over his mouth as he gives Steve a once-over. A muffled sound of laughter escapes his lips before he clamps them shut. Rhodey grins. “Is that an Iron Man hoodie, Rogers?”
The sight he’s greeted with, Tony in an old MIT shirt and sweatpants, is a familiar one, something he sees almost daily. And yet, when he looks at Tony, Steve’s heart starts racing and he feels his palms sweating, a mixture of panic and desire enveloping him from head to toe. For a second, Steve’s torn between the urge to slam the door in Tony’s face and the urge to slam him against the door and kiss him senseless, before sanity takes over.
He wants Steve to mark his body just as surely as Steve has marked Tony’s heart as his for the taking, not that he knows how to tell Steve that.
Thor echoes this sentiment from the couch on the other side of the room. “Natasha and Tony will apprehend these dastardly scientists in no time. Then, we shall feast!” Hulk gives a roar of approval at the thought of a celebratory feast. “They better be done soon.”
“I know you can, I’d never argue that. But that doesn’t mean I will stop saving you when I can. I’ll always want to save you.”
“Only because your Prince Charming sprinted over and pulled you away from the glass at the last second.” Nat lets out an honest-to-god
Steve screws up his half-finished sketch into a tight ball and tosses it on the floor in frustration.
Tony may have been reading more than a few romance novels in the past two weeks in an effort to redirect his romantic and sexual frustrations towards something other than an increasingly irresistible Steve Rogers, but the gist of it is pretty much there.
“There you are, Steve!” Tony exclaims.
Steve pulls Tony further into his arms, leaning down to whisper in his ear. “I mean, you're my jacket thief. And I caught you.”
Still, Steve knows he can’t avoid Tony forever. Ignoring his knock would only make Tony more suspicious about Steve’s behavior, and Steve doesn’t need Tony trying to confront him right now. With a soft sigh, he gets up and opens the door.
“Proud of you, man,” Sam tells him, his eyes crinkling up in the corners as he smiles. Steve returns his offered fistbump with a grin.
"Foggy helped me realize that I’m demiromantic. It means that for me, friendship and romantic attraction go hand in hand. After that I could finally see how I feel about you clearly.”
“I was scared. Terrified that I wouldn’t be able to protect you when you needed me the most. When I woke up and realized that Red Skull had escaped, I knew he’d be after you. And then the comms were dead and I didn’t, didn’t know if
Drawing Tony Stark as the adventurer who fears nothing and no one, the hero of
It’s true that there’s an undercurrent of something more than friendship in how he’s been looking at Tony for the past few months, though he’s not sure when it happened. He’s not sure when Tony’s laugh became one of the things that can instantly make him smile on a bad day, or when he started learning the meaning behind each of Tony’s different smiles.
Tony tugs at the ribbon around his robe, avoiding Steve’s gaze. “Sorry, I didn’t know it was you.”
“You could say that,” Steve mutters, burying his head in his hands.
Tony’s startled expression shows that he’s probably thinking the same thing. His mouth falls open then closing again. “You’re upset… because I went cake-tasting with Clint?” Tony asks slowly, his tone clearly screaming
When JARVIS passes on a message from Tony about grabbing lunch with him, Steve tells JARVIS he needs a raincheck.
“A little. Just one of those days, I guess,” Steve replies, trying to subtly edge his sketchpad out of Tony’s line of sight with one hand. It would be a disaster if his drawings gave away his feelings, and Steve figures that would be a sure bet. “You just get back from SI?” he continues, hoping to distract Tony with a change of subject.
“I wouldn’t miss it.” Foggy promises. “And what about you? Have you given any more thought to your own romantic entanglements?”
“How did you figure that out?”
Tony really doesn’t know where his AI learned to sound sarcastic, but he has a feeling it’s either Pepper’s fault or Steve’s. Not that he minds, really.
, helpfully conjuring up images of Tony wiping up a smudge of grease on his forehead, his tank top riding up to reveal strong muscles and a tempting sliver of bare skin, of Tony in a suit and loosened tie just like he is right now, looking up at Steve with clear want in his eyes, crooking one finger to motion Steve forward, of Tony in swimming trunks just like he’d worn on their last beach trip, of Tony bathed in nothing but the light of the arc reactor—
So much for telling Tony what he feels, when Tony seems to find it impossible to even look him in the eye right now.
“Open it,” he says, nudging Steve. “Happy birthday, sweetheart.”
“Don’t worry, Steve, I’m not going to steal your secrets.”
“You gave it away, didn’t you?”
He rubs a hand over the back of his neck, ducking his head a little to hide a grin. Jane Foster, SI’s new intern, reaches over from her spot next to Thor to give Tony a high five, clearly in agreement with him.
There are small slivers of skin peeking out from between the edge of Steve’s jeans and his sneakers. Tony has no idea why he can’t seem to look away from them, but it takes him a herculean effort to do so.
“I’m majoring in pre-law, but I helped with costuming at a theatre summer camp for a few years in high school and I really liked it, so I wanted to give this a go.” He grimaces. “The acting, however, was not for me.”
Steve winces as Nat grabs the remote next to him to turn the volume up. It seems like he can’t spend five minutes outside of his room these days without hearing about another member of the press speculating over Clint and Tony’s relationship.
“Someone I didn’t want to lose.” Something in him cracks open, bleeding desperation. Steve thinks it might have been his heart. “Couldn’t afford to lose.”
Tony grinds his teeth together, taking temporary refuge in another sip of coffee. He can tell by the gleam in Steve’s eyes what kind of reaction Steve expects from him. The part of him that’s exhausted by two all-nighters and three board meetings wants to give in, tell Steve that the beanie is an absolute disgrace and should not be allowed to grace anyone’s head, let alone the head of Captain America. The part of him that likes being challenged by Steve and likes to surprise him in return wants to play this differently.
“Yes, sir. I do have a recording of it. But may I remind you, it would be a terrible violation of personal rights and of privacy to view such records without any urgent reason to do so.”
“Yeah I’m sure.” Steve answered a little annoyed.
The house wasn't big. It was a nice aparment building, with decent sized flats but it was still a flat in mid city. Tony supposed this was as big a place as you could get if you weren't named Stark.
“I suppose you’d know a thing or two about waking up to a foreign world. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude. I was just curious.”
“It’s not funny. Pepper, I’m worried.” Steve told her, frank as he could be. “I’m not worried about Tony’s consent. He made what he wanted pretty clear,” and wasn’t it amazing that Steve could still blush, but he pushed on, “that is not the issue anymore.”
“No. Not bad. He is your friend.” He said, then added because for some reason it was important to Steve, “He is an alpha.”
“No. He is not.” Steve answered, his voice coming out harsher than he liked. Because he knew the colonel was not Tony’s alpha. Tony didn’t have an alpha. And whatever relationship they had before, Tony didn’t remember him. Tony remembered Steve. It meant something, even if Steve didn’t know what.
Tony nodded and Steve let him be. He prayed the rest of the day would pass uneventfully as he walked away.
Tony looked hopeful, nervous, his scent projecting anxiety with a mix of Steve's lingering scent in it. It was so impossible, so unreal, Steve raised a hand to touch the ring, just to feel its solidity under his finger tips.
"I want it." Tony breathed, absolutely unable to look away.
Tony moved to walk out of the stall and Steve let him this time.
When they reached the Turkish border at dawn, Coulson and several teams were already waiting for them. Tony had almost fallen asleep a couple of times, Steve had tried to talk to him to keep him awake. Tony had stayed almost eerily quiet, simply listening. Steve had wrapped Tony in a dirty and coarse blanket he had found in the back, all the while Tony had sat in silence and let himself be taken care of. For which Steve didn’t know if he was grateful or horrified. The Tony he knew would have put up a fuss, loudly, and obnoxiously.  But this Tony had just mostly sat there, and let Steve handle him.
Happy had all his attention on the small television and he waved a hand to shush Pepper when the camera turned to Tony and Steve.
“Did I?” He asked, his mind working fast on what he should ask about first. “Say, Dr Banner, have we ever worked together?”
"Oh, and while you have time, you might want to glance at the cookbooks in the kitchen. I won't hold it against you if you pick something as simple as possible today, but you will be cooking lunch. See you then."
Tony had looked distressed about the idea of going away with a strange omega until Steve had assured Tony that Pepper was a trusted friend and she would only take Tony to his own house. He had also promised to be right along, as soon as he could, after debriefing with Agent Coulson.
(See the end of the chapter for
He suspected Fury's sole motivation in sending Barton wasn't just to deliver his clothes. When he returned to the living room, both men were seated in front of the fire place, Barton leaning back with his arms and legs spread, eyes roving over every bit of the apartment. Clearly this was his first time in here and he was interested, but Tony didn't buy that he was comfortable even for a second.
“Anytime.” Steve said uncomfortably and looked around. “So. Pizza. Where’s Pepper?”
“Hungry huh?” He asked, “So am I.”
Tony sat but he kept fidgeting.
It hadn’t helped. Tony’s scent was mixing with memories of his heat, and now that Steve was alone, he could let his control slip a little. His mind wandered to the feel of Tony’s skin under his hands and Tony’s taste on his tongue. Not imagined anymore, Steve knew exactly how Tony’s skin tasted, with its combination of arousal and a little bit of lingering fear, then satisfaction.  It had taken all he had to stop himself from biting Tony, make it hurt, press him into the carpet of the office to feel the omega go still under his strength, yield. Tony had submitted anyway, and so beautifully. Steve imagined himself back in the office floor, pulling Tony’s pants down, and scenting him between his legs, would Tony get wet? He knew some male omegas did, when they were aroused enough. He imagined Tony would and that it would smell divine. Then he imagined how Tony would whine and squirm if he had bit Tony just inside his thigh, on that sensitive spot, leaving his teeth marks on the dark smooth skin.
"I think you were yourself Tony." Steve said easily, still sipping orange juice. "And you have nothing to be ashamed of. It took great courage to talk about your fears. You have no idea how much I appreciate that."
“Of course. Several times.”
"What the fuck did you do?" was the first thing that came out of the colonels mouth as he basically ran out of the elevator to stop inches from Steve's face.
At the border, he hadn’t known where he was or why was there. He hadn’t known even during the ride to the border. But he had trusted, he had remembered Steve and thinking he was with his alpha, he had blindly trusted Steve. He had been scared and in shock, for sure, but Tony, for some reason, had thought his alpha was with him, so it would be alright. He had trusted Steve to take care of him and then Steve had dumped Tony onto SHIELD, strangers to Tony’s eyes, going his own merry way. Tony had been unable to understand why.
He could still distantly smell the arousing scent in the room but he was too worried now, with Tony in his arms. There was nothing sexy at all with the situation. And not just because Tony needed immediate help, but also because the thought of Tony torturing himself rather than going into heat curdled the blood in Steve’s veins.
Steve turned as he spoke, and Tony tried to think about what kind of cold rinse he must have had to put himself through regularly, during the war. The idea of freezing water anywhere near his gentials this soon after the treatment he just got should have dampened his arousal but Steve was now facing Tony his hand languidly caressing his six pack, leaving soapy trails.
“Stane was of course much more surprised than anyone else when Tony returned from MIT as an established alpha.”
Steve got a suspicious look in his eye for a second but then, after giving a searching look at Tony, he tasted a bite. Tony watched while he chewed and swallowed. There was a pause.
He had worked hard, for so many years now. This was not new to Tony. Sometimes even he couldn’t tell where Tony ended and the alpha act started. But sometimes, times like these… Tony knew exactly where his omega self started. To military precision.
Under Steve's watchful eye, he quickly shampooed and rinsed his hair, scrubbed his armpits and privates, trying to get rid of the sweat as much as possible, as fast as possible. When he shut off the water and moved to step out of the stall Steve stopped him.
“What? No. What is going on?” Steve forced himself to not knock away Happy’s hand, but he stepped away and to the side to block his path. “What is your fault? Where is Tony? You’ll tell me right now.”
Raising an eyebrow at him, Tony forced himself to finish it. "There." He handed the glass back to Steve who took it and placed it on the counter top, looking amused. He was still holding Tony tight around one elbow.
"I know your checklist, I've read it, so I see no need to go over it again. If you change your mind on any of the points, you only have to let me know. You on the other hand, don't know what kind of dom I am so I'll try to give you an idea of what you can expect."
“Can you..” Then he stopped. Steve kept looking at Tony expectantly until the other gathered his courage to say whatever he needed to say. “I was happy. In the workshop, when you sat with me. I-I.. You’re the only one I’m really comfortable with. I don’t really remember why but it’s true.”
Pepper walked to him and held his hand.
“Nothing Tony. I’m glad you know that I won’t let anything happen to you.”
"I didn't draw your face."
It was driving Tony crazy, being played with like this, unable to reciprocate or even participate really. Just prone and at the mercy of.. Steve Rogers. This was fine. He wanted Steve to take him, own him, break him apart.
To Steve’s surprise Tony looked uneasy for a moment but then nodded and moved to the bar. It dawned on Steve that it’d be a bad move to get drunk while you were responsible for someone. And Tony had asked him to be responsible for him. He had placed himself in Steve’s care, for a little while at least.
At that Tony sank to his knees, muttering “I do trust you, you already know that. I feel like you’re milking it now. Acting like I’m all-”
He lost count of the seconds somewhere around 15.
“Yes, more.. Please..”
Although there wasn't much fun happening was there? No other dom had tied him, teased him and made him wait like this before. They were all usually pretty impatient to get their hands on Tony.  Especially after he'd been a good boy!
“Shit. Agent Coulson…” Steve froze, very obviously caught in the act of cuddling Tony Stark on the couch. The scent of distressed and content omega was distinct in the air, since Tony opted out of using cologne in his own house since the accident.
“And how do you expect me to explain it to the doctors? Don’t you think they’d sell Tony out to the press in a heartbeat?”
“Uh.. She’s busy.” He said lamely, in the end.
“Oh. And there’s that guy. I don’t think I like him very much. Did I really make him? Cuz if I did, I don’t know why I would make such a party pooping tight ass.” Tony didn’t sound like he was completely joking when he said it.
“How bad was that head wound?” Coulson asked as they watched the paramedics take Tony away. It felt wrong somehow. It hadn’t at first, but Tony had called for Steve for some reason. Steve still wasn’t sure if Tony actually recognized SHIELD teams or Coulson. But he had recognized Steve. And he had called for him.
“Yes, thank you.” The Colonel followed him. Steve felt better when the other man sat down on one of the stools this time. He busied himself with getting out a mug and pouring coffee.
"Wanna make sure I'm appropriate at all times?" Tony said sarcastically, even as he dropped his clothes on the bed. He didn't even see Rogers step inside, he simply felt the swat to his bottom.
"His handler thought he could benefit from the guidance. The same rules apply here Mr Stark. The fact that you are a submissive is not the cause of this proposal. It is just a bonus that might make it easier for you."
“Yes. Yeah. Of course she did. I just thought..”
The thought was disturbing. Wanting to have sex with Captain America was one thing, but needing Steve Rogers to guide him and help him and basically dominate him was another. The fact that he needed Steve to stay on his feet was scary and shameful. Tony couldn’t reason out clearly why he was ashamed of it, but he felt like it was a shameful thing. Maybe that was the reason he had decided to pretend to be an alpha? But he didn’t think less of any omega for seeking out protection and guidance from their alphas in their personal lives, by choice. Why did he feel shame when it came to himself?
"No, that's not what I-"
A few minutes later the ding of the elevator made him frown. His eyes snapped open only to the image of Phil Coulson casually striding out of it and into the lounge with neat dossiers in his hand.
Tony gave him an "oh please" look.
“But you don’t remember making them Tony.” Steve answered without even looking up from the out of date magazine on motorcycles that he was flipping through. Even watching Tony work with childish excitement got boring after several days of it. Especially since he had long lost track of what Tony was talking about as Tony had caught up very fast to his own technology. The memory loss hadn’t even touched the capabilities of his genius.
He palmed the revealed skin, when his fingers reached Tony’s cleft, they found it wet.
“Oh, I spent the night.” He said easily and put the coffee down in front of the colonel, he couldn’t help himself but feel a little self-satisfied at the colonels expression.
“No he is not sick.” Pepper cut him off, her hand dropping from his arm, “Now if you’ll excuse me Captain.” She smiled tightly at him and effectively ended the conversation as she turned away to mingle with a new group of people who approached them.
Steve debated what he wanted to do next for a few minutes. He hadn’t planned to spend the night but since he was here, he may as well stay until Tony woke up. In any case, maybe after the day they had yesterday, it was better if Tony didn’t wake up to an empty house.
“It’s not funny. I’m in pain here.”
Tony was already flipping the cover and inhaling the scent of pepperoni and cheese when he spoke,
Steve sighed and breathed in the smell of Tony’s clean sweat, mixed with fear, adrenalin and blood. It was tinged with the mild scent of omega, still half masked by the remenants of cologne. When the helmet minus the faceplate came free of the spine he cradled Tony’s head in his hands, his fingers sliding into dark thick hair, matted with blood.
“I didn’t want your thanks.” Steve frowned and his hand dropped off the car door he was holding shut.
"Stop it. Tony, stop it." Rogers, stood up and grabbed his wrists. Tony only struggled harder, clawing at the thing to get it off.
"You should be able to pee and clean yourself easily. It should be much easier to obey the no orgasm rule now." Steve said sounding a bit smug.
“He has a condition. But more importantly, he is a friend of yours. Remember? He was in the pictures we showed you that first day after you got back from the infirmary. He’s a really nice guy. You have nothing to worry about.” Then he reconsidered his words, “Unless you poke him with sharp sticks. Tony, you’re absolutely forbidden from trying to get him angry to see what happens, do you understand me? If you’re ever going to obey me, obey me in this. Do not provoke him.”
Tony nodded then cocked his head, thinking hard.
The ride home had calmed him down a little, his extreme arousal shifting to a more settled version of mere want. And his mind had finally slowed down to a manageable pace. He had finally stopped calculating all the variables for the unknown elements that surrounded him. Steve’s request for a drink had unsettled a little without remembering why and when Steve had reminded him that he couldn’t get drunk, Tony had relaxed. So he had some sort of problem with drunk people? Tony didn’t remember what or why.  But after the ride at least he had pulled himself together after his break down, enough that his thought process had started to work normally again, if in a much more sedated fashion.
But... He didn't want to piss Steve off either, so he started counting with his eyes closed. He could be patient. He could wait for the other man's pleasure. He should. He was the sub.
I did actually count the floors of Stark tower, since apparently i have nothing better to do lol. Still if it sounds wrong, and you know for a fact what should be the correct number, let me know.
Then Banner started to tell him some insane story about Norse gods, alien armies and superheros. But he told Tony mostly about Iron Man.
He didn’t see either Tony or Pepper for the next week. Until Fury called them in.
"What do you mean? What are these?" Steve looked down. They were documents concerning Stark Industries but Steve's mind was too preoccupied with Tony's half finished sentences to process what that meant.
Tony might know that Steve wasn’t his alpha, but it didn’t change the fact that Steve was the only person he remembered, putting him in the position of the only person Tony trusted.
Tony broke the world record for speed dishwashing.
"Do not use too much detergent, I don't like the smell. And I suggest you start with the corners."
"Ok! Alright! Nevermind! Forget I asked!" He tried to scramble behind the machine but Steve was there the next second, grabbing Tony around the waist to pick him up in a firemans carry.
Tony decided he would cook a nice breakfast and talk to Steve like an adult. Explain that Fury was taking advantage of Steve and Tony wasn't going to allow that. Even if it cost him Steve's friendship, along with his impossibly tight body and nimble fingers. Steve would be grateful for not being stuck with Tony once he met a nice sub who wasn't so... old and mouthy and stubborn.
He swung Tony away from the wall and carried him to bed, when he gently dumped him on it and pulled the t-shirt off, Tony let him but when he made to get up the omega refused to let go.
An idea occurred to him an he turned to face Pepper.
“Yes master… Whatever you say master..” Tony mocked him petulantly before getting out of the car, but Steve let it go. He guessed he would have to wait and see how seriously Tony took their arrangement. And if it would work.
“Yeah. Not a good idea to get him angry.”
Banner frowned, looking away from the screen, then he brought his hands together to indicate size as he started to describe it.
"Nailed it." Tony bragged as he took his first bite too.
The alpha smiled and playfully bit Tony’s chin.
Then instead of taking the pennies and letting him stand Steve left the room, only to be back a second later with an empty bottle.
He stayed inside the omega though, even when the aftershocks had faded. He let go of Tony’s shoulder and lowered himself down on the bed, and pulled Tony close.
Tony fidgeted for a heart beat, looked up at Steve then he looked back down, not knowing where to start. Then as if he'd just remembered he still had the papers in his hand, he held them out to Steve.
"Your decision to come out may have helped some other people too I think."
Before he could work himself up into a state, Steve walked back into the room, lovingly caressing a length of rope in his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What are you doing?" Tony ground out.
"Yes." Rogers answered good naturedly.
“You’re right. I was being an asshole. Pepper was right.” He said, this time sounding contrite. Steve’s heart went to him. Considering the situation Tony had found himself in, he was actually doing remarkably well. If Tony was his omega, Steve would have cradled Tony to his chest and kissed his hair, would have told Tony that it was alright, he was forgiven.
Tony listened with a disbelieving look.
Well.
They got a few questioning looks from various people as they walked through the corridor and during the elevator ride. But no one really saw any need to question why they were leaving together, or so early. Steve supposed what got the looks was more Tony’s state than the fact that they didn’t usually hang out together.
It turned out to be too much to wish for when a few hours later, sounds of an argument stopped Steve in his tracks. He had been just walking down the corridor, passing by the offices of some of the senior agents when he heard Tony’s name mentioned.
“For gods sake! Steve! I have the hottest and toppiest alpha who’ve ever existed on top of me! Specifically engineered to perfect human condition and selected for his awesome personality.  Who else would I want to pop my cherry but Captain America? In case you haven’t noticed, I’m sort of dying here from the lack of your cock in me! So help a poor omega out already!”
None of them spotted the antiaircraft missile headed Tony’s way, except Jarvis, and even then it was too late. Clint had carried Natasha to the jet, preparing for take off, when they heard the explosion.
"Steve.. Steve please.. Oh my god.." Pepper's frantic voice and fluttering hands kept nagging at him, an omega in distress but Steve was too furious to care. All his pent up frustration was pouring out of him and there was nothing either of them could to stop him. Tony belonged to Steve and Steve was intent on making the other alpha understand that fact.
As he chewed the hand came down on top of his head this time, petting lightly.
“Was I afraid of him before?”
Several hours later, Tony was sucking on a slight burn on his finger as he contemplated if he wanted to call Rhodey. The circuitry he had been working on had been simple. All calculations done, just some delicate wiring required and usually it relaxed Tony. Working with his hands, repetitive motions soothing and keeping his mind busy enough that it didn’t wander away, but not busy enough that he had to concentrate very hard. It gave him the perfect opportunity when he needed to think.
“Well not today apparently.” She answered tartly. Then she sighed, remembering that this was Steve, close friend and a trusted alpha.  “Look, its nothing you need to worry about Steve,” he placed a soft hand on his arm, “thank you for your consideration but there is nothing you can do. Happy will take Tony home. It’s nothing too bad.”
Tony blinked for a moment but then quietly answered "Green".
When he let go, he became aware of jumbled words Tony was muttering between moans, “Yes..Steve.. please..  fuck yes..” Steve kissed the purple blotch he’d just created, then kissed along Tony’s collar bone. Tony’s head fell back to expose more of himself to his alphas teeth, when Steve looked up his eyes were closed, he was flushed red and panting through swollen lips.
“If you say so Captain. I still find it a little hard to swallow he only remembers you. Don’t take this the wrong way but he barely had a kind word to say about you before all this Syria business.”
