His requested supplies appeared and he set to it. Reverse engineering a vaccine based on reading ancient magnetic tape with his tricorder and being glad that those crazy scientists had decided to build in a dry desert and not some place more temperate, which might have resulted in the storage materials decaying.
Humiliatingly, John burst into another round of tears. Clinically, he knew that he was reacting to the sudden influx of teenage hormones that he hadn't had to deal with in over a decade and were currently at peak production. He tried to recite the chain of how the Rybo-viroxic-nucleic structures in his genetics were telling his pituitary glands to produce gonadotropin-releasing hormone - GnRH, follicle stimulating hormones, luteinizing hormones, and… he did not give a fuck because he hadn't been able to cook a real dinner and now his husband wouldn't even eat and had refused to fuck him and the universe was going to end.
"The Commander isn't my boyfriend," said John, quickly.
Another humanoid appeared, next to Dionysus. "I am Apollo, god of the sun and light. I am he who gave you medicine, music, the arts. I am who brought forth the light in the sky. My beloved children, I am he who has been waiting centuries for you to find us." He glanced at John and Sherlock, and sighed. "Dionysus, what have you done?" In the tone of an aggrieved sibling, he snapped his fingers. John scent shifted again. Growing spicy and aromatic, with the musky blend of the earth after a rain. Perfect. Apollo said, "I have fixed what my brother would have torn asunder in his blundering." Dionysus blew a raspberry at Apollo's stern look. Apollo turned to them and raised his hands. "Rejoice, for you have found Olympus and now may live in ease with the gods."
Features references to attempted abortion.
Sherlock growled and pushed himself up, but Sarabeth clutched his arm. "Please. John, don't let him go down there. I need him here."
Owen didn't say anything twee or shite. Took it on himself to give the lot of them a proper salute and said, "You've got this. Keep our girl running."
Sestre wanted to argue that only some of them were too young to do anything, and that number should not include himself and Connor.
The play reached the point where those who march beneath the raptor's wings, a chorus of his cousins led by Shelly, kicked the blocks and began the Epigrams of the Nuclear Bombing that would end in the death of Surak. There was a pre-recorded wail. His and Harry's childhood voices. Beneath it, John heard an electronic click.
Khel said dryly, "I'm with Shrilass on this one. Eww."
Hunter and Smith gave Hudson alarmed looks to which Hudson laughed. "Oh, I'm not retiring. I wouldn't know what to do with myself on Betazed. The main point is that anyone on inactive status would be available to be brought in as a specialist to fill needed roles without issues with chain of command. Ship captain have the discretion to fill needed roles." She repeated that, as if he needed, or cared for repetition.
John climbed off Sherlock and looked at the floor. They finished their meal in silence.
He asked, "What happened?"
He'd long since deduced that the Analyst in John's family folklore had been the first Mycroft. A remote connection thirteen generations and three hundred years removed from Sherlock. When Sherlock had been a child, he'd met Grendel, Billy and Anthea's Augment progenitor, who was also one of the other three Augments to carry the gene for juvenile heat. An alpha carrier could still pass it on. He cursed himself for not doing more than a cursory genetic analysis to determine the distance between his and John's genetics. For not delving more into what Augments in the Federation knew about their own genetics. He'd been more interested in exo-biology than his own.
By which time, Sh'Alaack's bondmates with glares for her, arrived to sweep Sh'Alaack and the children away.
They lost seconds. Minutes. A good deal of the trail was well trampled snow. "Which way do we go?" John asked.
"Then let's simply say that the Khan is expressing his increasing impatience."
In the lift, Billy stroked Connor's hair, who whispered, "I don't want to remember."
But that had been ahead of them. While carrying the second Tertius John had been stern with Sherlock until he understood that he'd have to wait.
Quote by John Donne, Epithalamions, or Marriage Songs
When I started writing this on March 2nd 2018, I had no idea how large this would loom in my creative life for the following year. Along with an utter determination to bring the story to a conclusion. Because something this big was doomed to be a WIP if I ever let up. It felt at times like an 1000 mile journey and others a log ride.
Chin Singh put aside the identity of Soo-Lin Yao as she put aside her Starfleet uniform.
It was perfectly obvious what was going on in general way. They were two good friends with benefits. Flexible. Hard. Mutually satisfying benefits.
Admittedly, the lab part of that statement was all a bit speculative, because after three hundred years of Augments and Normals mixing their genetics, there was no way of knowing. And after both the Eugenics wars and the WWIII, all the original labs and their records had been destroyed.
"Yeah," said Billy. He looked around. "At least there's that. Still," he fiddled with the chain around his neck, "twenty-fourth century, and we still ended almost sold. Like my aunts and uncles and cousins back in the twenty-first century."
When he was done blinking, John told the holographic servant waiting for them, "I would like to bathe my guest."
Even to the point of cancelling his next assignation with Mycroft and never getting to hear what lie-truth Mycroft would have told him. Which was everyone's loss.
"That's right, Connor. We'll be fine." John licked his lips. Tentatively drank the blue liquid. Sweet. Salty. Viscous. Which was the end of what he could tell based on taste. He washed it down with four cups of water. He didn't keel over. The jello had a protein base. Whatever it was. He gave Hudson her cups. She levered herself up slowly to drink them.
Sherlock pulled back from Euros. "The last time I saw you, you tried to kill me."
Split apart.
Given how casually Lestrade was acting, John asked, "Aren't you worried that I'll lead the Empire to the Rebel base if I'm caught?"
Khel had talked about how nervous she'd been the night of their Ceremony of Knowing. Replicating outfit after outfit to wear. Putting their pictures and virtual conversations up on her wall monitor.
If the Organians had actually been simple villagers and not ascended energy beings who maintained their planet as a reference point, John might not have made it back from that one.
The shop keeper manipulated the controls that had the floating pallet where his goods were kept float down. Mr. Stonn purchased a sphere like the one on display and a bunch of other rocks. "These will be excellent for Sestre's studies."
"That would be a no," said Sally, who was enjoying this just a bit. The rush of adrenalin that came from a mission. Staying one step ahead. "Fucking moron. I showed up and all he could focus on was insulting me."
His bonds had been turned off. He sat slowly up. Feeling weak. Disoriented. Impossible to tell if it was related to this body, the radiation poisoning, or the multiple times that he'd been sedated. "I'm Sherlock Holmes," he said.
John snorted. "Understood."
Alignment to do their genomic dirty work. Trailed the opportunity for power and the full might of the Breen Confederacy of Alignments behind them like so many veils.
"The timeline is as it was when you arrived. But I am the door to all times and places. Limitless adventures are possible through me."
"No, I suppose I don't." Martha fussed with the tea pot on the table. "I must say, it so fortunate that you're here to shed a light on thing."
So, of course, Mycroft came into the room, his red helmet under his arm. "Mother, great Khans, the other alignments shared what you expected them to share, but as you requested," he glanced at Sherlock, "I ensured that they only shared only part of what there is to know. John is on his way."
Moriarty tapped a few more controls. "Since you're just the ship's medic, I'll ask you and your super tart to leave my bridge." The display updated showed a young-looking Ensign John Watson looking out at them.
His other self-called John an idiot. Softly and with no force.
She would have thought that her time on the Bakerstreet would have resolved that feeling. If anything, it had only engendered new aches.
There been this glorious three months of talking about the medicinal properties of various herbs with John. They'd identified bark that could be used for a fever reducing tea. Moss that could be used to patch wounds. Not that John ever seemed to have any. Neither he, nor Sherlock ever seemed to be so much as nauseous from badly cooked food.
"Quiet," whispered Eva.
Which then had John cursing himself as an idiot, because he hadn’t setup the auto replication on the bio-computer. None of this work was backed up.
When he arrived back at the cottage in Cornwall, Sherlock wasn't back yet. He went into the sun room to have a think.
"I don't know what you're talking about," said Mollyhoo, "But if you came through a temple, I have to ask, were you prepared before they sent you back? I don't mean… hey they gave you a chat, but did they give you a shot of the Cromatium to offset the effects of the time dilation from going through the portal. I mean, I could have done without the doctor who prepared me going about how I was going to be gang raped by the alphas trying and failing to breed me. As if we were feral cats to be released spayed, but not neutered." She took a left turn down a path that led up a narrow ravine. "I need to know if you were prepared. Time dilation affects adrenal and testosterone production, and builds plaque in the temporal lobe and the neural connections with the amygdala.
Snow Sparkles yelled, "Mama G, where is my scent strongest in the room?" Mama G opened their mouth, but before they could reply, Snow Sparkles said, "Thank you, dear." She darted up to a station on the upper level, and tapped a pattern in several places on the underside of a work station. A phaser dropped out of a hidden panel. She aimed it at the creature and fired. There was a hiss and a floral burnt smell. "Birh's documentation left out where I sit."
She decided that she'd suggest that all the Starfleet officers take phasers with them.
John extended a shaky bow finger at not-Owen and pushed himself up on one elbow. "Fugit."
And #3 ending for the story, if by no means the series. Still plenty of mysteries left.
The omega licked their lips. "Yeah." Dragged their hot blue eyes over his body. He felt every moment of the gaze. That golden seraphim said, "Maybe we should… kiss. See if it feels familiar."
As if he needed to know that.
"Your window is only open for the next two minutes," said Fisher at the transporter controls, which decided them. Past experience dictated that it didn't matter what they did when it came to Trelane.
"Sure it will be," said Moriarty pushing Washington's prone body out of his way. "I'll need you to do one or two things eventually. In any case, we need to keep your old body as comfortable as possible so it can be healthy until the switch is complete."
She left the captain burrowing through rock and dreamed, if only for a little while, that she was home on the Bakerstreet. Listening to the sounds of the ship and that all was well.
Unless he leaned against the wall and looked back over his shoulder, and made his request, "Love me."
Then he’d laid some the Scottish play quotes on them, because his dad loved his Shakespeare.
John did not want to go through this again. As it was, it was all he could do not to palm himself in front of the others.
Shor groaned because that could only mean one thing. They'd be read the book Papa Ishros wrote about them. It was nice that there were drawings of their quarters and their life on the Bakerstreet.
John thought about sending a vid message about it to Sherlock, but it would have to go through sensors. Loose lips vented ships to the vacuum and all that. He sent a shorter one with just the main point. "I love you."
Thil had forgotten his gift for his grandparents and had fretted about it to the point of fighting with his twin until Sh'Alaack promised to go back to get it.
"What? But how, Sherlock's right here," said John, stating the obvious as he so often endearingly did.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/The_Enterprise_Incident_(episode)
John looked around them. "What is this place?" He examined a candle, which had mostly burned down to the stanchion. "Where are the inhabitants? Someone had to have lit these."
It made John so angry that his plan to raid the Klingon headquarters when they threatened to start killing Organians was Sherlock level's of rash.
Billy whispered back, "She can help us." Connor's expression didn't change. "She helped with the Horta."
Identical faces glaring at her. A space in her chest ached. That had been her and John once.
They were taken down of a dozen levels. Down brightly lit corridors. Turned around. Their belongings were taken from them. "Give me a slip at least," said John. "Some of those journals weren't easy to get ahold of."
Sherlock didn't even pause a beat. He said, "I am an Augment Inferior agent who was altered to appear like your Mummy for operations among the Betas. Given the complexities of the family derivation, you may call me your cousin."
It was delicious at midnight. Each taste a delight on Sherlock's tongue. Chewed with his teeth. Swallowed down his throat. Fueled him while he fed kisses between John's lips.
"He told us the truth thirty minutes ago," said Killander.
Sherlock reluctantly left John to go to the bridge.
The other omegas had different ideas. "She looks so cold," said Vesha. "We can't leave her there."
"I want… I want to know more. I want to know what you know about Augment biology." Also words that escaped. She'd intended them, but not that bald a statement.
The omega with his thigh with their foot. A rueful smile on their face. Their pupils already dilated from intercourse. No clues there.
They transported into the sort of withering heat that the desert was prone to, followed by the impression of brilliant white sunlight reflecting off of cracked and crumbling cement, and low governmental buildings that John was familiar with from mid-twentieth century Earth movies. There was a sand battered and faded yellow sign that read, "No Smoking" on the side of one of the closer buildings.
Sestre had gotten in trouble many times because of the younger child. The gravity surfing incident, which even had scientific implications, was the most recent example.
John had told him to delete the plan. That he could upload himself, but the idea of condemning John to this form of existence was not one Sherlock relished.
John lobbed an arrow from his atlatl at the brute. Wondering if the agro he was feeling came from time dilation or was his native personality, or if there was a difference.
John laughed. "Big strong alpha." He dipped two fingers into the grease and slicked his penis.
Sherlock had stimmed his hair to grow down to his waist for the occasion, curls turned to midnight waves that served as a bare sort of garment for his naked body. His oiled and naked body. He moved and a wave parted perfectly – John knew he must have been practicing – to reveal yet more pale glowing skin.
Love rattled its cage, but he told himself there was no point in saying anything. They'd be off for new assignments soon.
In the morning, she had John begin the process to reverse her re-alignment. She felt uncomfortable with an omega's scent. Without the fleshy ridge where her knot should be.
Jovas said, "Push."
But Connor had helped save an entire species. Helped save everyone when the Bakersteet had been captured by Ferengi. He could do this. He went to a table where three omegas were sitting with an empty seat. He said, "Hello, Wiglaf. Fenrir. Caorthannach. Is it okay if I sit here?" He pointed at the empty space at their table.
John gave into the attraction of the floor. He felt as if something was clawing at his insides. Technically something secreting a hormone that dissolved several layers of cells was. He told himself they were just tiny pockets of venous blood. No more than the head of a pin. Into which the parasites were sticking little villi so they could feed off him. He repeated, little more than the head of a pin. That because the original scientists had been utter cocks, he had nerves to feel what was going on. Parasite five's jab had him gasping. When it was done, he said, "Hudson had a present for you." John handed Sherlock the small tricorder.
When he was finally taken to be questioned, John said, "They're from Beta Aurigae. We're just giving them a ride home."
Sherlock walked easily through the broken streets of the ruined city. He and John jumped down from the slab that had bisected the street just as another time wave swept through the ruins, but this time John didn't lose his footing.
Please read the warnings.
While First Father was almost pleading. "My son, you must know, I knew nothing of this. I only insisted on your training as a child to overcome what your sister… I didn't know."
"I was there to help deal with Donovan if she went off script," said Watson. "Also, Sh'Alaack said you could use some medical assistance. You know what with the plan. Speaking of which, could you repeat the plan back to Sh'Alaack." He grinned as if they hadn't just been asked to make a bomb using a home replicator unit, but then he hadn't. Bihr had. "That way we know if all the information made it to you."
Bihr had beamed back up to the Bakerstreet earlier that morning from the transporter station off of Freedom Plaza. It was only a few tunnel intersections from where her family was staying while visiting the various family members who had come into the capital.
Since a video of a black Terran cat toying with a Terran mouse could only mean Section 31 was about to pay an unannounced visit, it would see a little work to ensure that certain potential assets – and lovely people – weren't disturbed.
Sherlock and John actually left the cave system and returned with another alpha, who'd been caught in the pit.
As to condoms, if John managed to have such a thing while being captured on a planet that had developed a parallel Roman civilization where the inhabitants made them compete in gladiatorial games, until the day John's suppressors wore off, suffice to say the condoms didn't survive. He had an idea why when he experimented with more samples. Aggressive sperm attaching to the synthetic layers and burrowing against it until it burst.
"There used to be this idea of taking all ones sin and placing it on a sacrificial goat and sending it off into the desert," said Frankland conversationally. "I would say it's the only way Harry can do a little errand for me is if you carry some of her guilt like a good brother should. But I should be honest. It's important to be honest in therapy. I need to calibrate the device to record your memories, and verifying your sensitivity to taking on new memories is the first step. You should know those memories will help Harry help us take over your ship. Help us spread love throughout the galaxy. I've heard the descriptions of the Bakersteet from your mother. It sounds like a charming place. The critical piece will be the amplification of reflector dish, but with the holo emitters all over the ship, grandfather won't have to be a ghost in the machine any longer. What a delight that will be."
Billy looked around. "We can't stay in the corridors. We need a place to hide."
Then there were the dreadnaughts. Not as fast, but capable of existing in even acidic solutions for ten days, which was at least twice as long as Normal Human sperm.
Sestre arched an eyebrow like his father did when he heard an unexpected answer. He examined all the information available to them and couldn't understand how Connor had come to that conclusion. "Based on what evidence?" He thought further. "You didn't tell the Captain Holmes that."
None of that made much sense to John. Really it wasn't the important part. "Sherlock breed." He was very certain of this.
He knew that at a certain point, John would no longer be regarded by Starfleet officials to be healing, but as healed as he was going to be. At that point, he'd be transferred. Most probably to a Starbase that required a general practitioner. John would treat colds and flues. The occasional venereal disease.
"No," said Odo. "I waited for you to betray yourself." He looked up. "Doctor, did you find what you suspected?"
It was both.
"No time for jokes, Ensign." Amazing Sparkles stepped in front of Prince Sparkles. "This is Captain Amazing of the USS Sparkles. We're experiencing a minor instrument failure that resulted in a navigational error. Give us a few moments, and we'll get right out of the ummm… neutral zone."
Sh'Alaack said, "Thank you for agreeing to monitor the new crew's activities." Which fair, maybe he should have led with that. Tue, Khatri and Lui as science personnel weren't in Engineering, but they did at least have a fair understanding of how the ship worked.
Mycroft said, "I was wondering when you'd contact me about him."
Both the anal and vaginal stimulators quietly vibrated inside John, stimulating his prostate and graphenberg spot simultaneously. John swallowed a gasp. He hadn't remembered the lowest setting feeling so intense in the past.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nevertheless, it was a mistake.
Marrying John was brilliant. It was fabulous. He beamed at John throughout the entire ceremony, which was held in the cargo hold of the Bakerstreet. The party setup transformed for a wedding.
Sometimes his husband didn't reach for a toy. Sometimes he stroked John's cunt with his fingers. Sometimes he crouched with his full lips around John's cock sucking on the head while stroking John's cunt and anus with both hands, because his husband was a genius and ambidextrous and loved him very much. Those times John spent the entire time whispering, "Love you. Love you. Love you."
Sherlock stared across the corridor at Yao. She looked him in the eyes. She said, with a strange smile, "The best defense is attack, attack, attack." She held her hands up higher.
"You are the one who is mistaken." Sh'Alaack's lips curled. She turned abruptly and walked away, leaving the panel propped up against the wall.
He heard, how could he not, the sharp gasp when John noticed the bright red anal plug gleaming between his posterior cheeks. Sherlock had placed it there before he'd arrived. That was why he'd knelt as soon as he came into the room. So John couldn't see it.
She stroked its surface once before handing it over to Supersmart.
"Listen to him," Hudson said, "You need to get him to sickbay. He's very sick."
Garak pushed Sherlock's legs apart. "I'm sure she did. I have many satisfied customers." He measured the inside length of Sherlock's leg. "You have a nice long inseam. It'll be a pleasure to make you a suit or perhaps something less formal for lounging around in."
Sherlock absorbed this. Wanted to do nothing more than retreat to his mind palace.
The door into the bunk room closed.
"Please listen," said Stonn. "This species calls itself the Horta. They thought they were only two of their species to survive total genocide when your ancestors detonated a bomb in the Vault of Tomorrow in the Chamber of the Ages. The mother Horta was only able to save one egg. She thought the rest were lost. Then the miners found a new cache of them. Unhatched outside of the Vault of Tomorrow."
John glanced at Lucy, who was leading the children through a loud singing and clapping game to cover the sound of their discussion. He said, "Julian's an essential system. So his servers are on emergency power. He's probably on in sickbay, but the rest of the emitters have no power."
"I know." Sherlock did the same with his own clothes and folded them both into his bed. They lay together skin to skin. Sherlock's body blasting heat where John was nothing but cold. Pheromones all around him. Quiet comfort and no judgement.
John stepped out of the narrow door and into a cobbled street. There was a silk lined litter waiting outside with four massive holographic slaves in rich attire. Sherlock was tossed into it with John, who was not going to break character and help Sherlock. Then again, given the way Sherlock was bravely glowering at him, it was in character for John to trace a finger along his soft cheek, earning himself a shocked look. "You are quite beautiful. The more so now that I truly see you in Helios' light."
"Oh, but they're so sexy," said Moriarty and received a thwap from Mama G in response. "Oh, Mama, spank me."
Lucy nodded and left him to get dressed in his slightly damp clothes while he washed his robe.
Billy bent under Ms. Hudson's shoulder, helped her to her feet, and helped her take control of the engine room. Helped his own rescue.
"But they should know it's still wrong to kidnap people," said Connor.
But the presence of a time portal indicated it was more likely someone had been sent back in time to create the Breen race with the creation of a temple to commemorate whoever that had been. Although, that ran into issues of paradox if the Breen literally arranged their own development as a species, and raised the question of parallel realities versus an actual change in the timeline.
Sherlock was going to be brilliant and earn his Sugar Daddy’s reward.
John had hoped that Sarabeth would be fine. Mollyhoo kept their chamber full of needles along with the grass. Sherlock hissed, which must mean he smelled something John could not or it could mean anything. "Marymor!" Or not. Sherlock almost turned to go, but John stopped him from going to find Marymor with a hand on his wrist.
Which was lovely and all, but there were slightly more important things to discuss.
"Sherlock," John licked suddenly dry lips. Stared into Sherlock's eyes that in the light appeared green as the forest around them. "This is a big responsibility. It will change everything. You've complained about Lucy stopping study programs so she can take care of Eva. They'll be a lot less time for," he waved at Sherlock's current shape, "playing around or research. You love research." Not to mention playing around.
John sighed. Checked the time. Sherlock had been gone for hours.
He fell asleep next to the biocomputer.
He was genuinely curious. Two people. Raised in the same environment. Seeking in different ways to differentiate themselves. With such wildly divergent ideas about how to solve the question of serving the needs of the many or the one.
Billy nodded.
Which since he'd been slowly communicating with an away team from the Bakerstreet via Morris code as to their status using the surface fans was not entirely a good thing.
"The walls have ears," said Sally to shut him up.
"Maybe it's the tunnel devil come back," said Schmitter in his old gravel voice.
Keened, as Sherlock began to move. Stroking gently. Both their breaths coming faster and faster. John could feel Sherlock's knot swelling at just the edge of sphincter muscles. Pressing against, but not pushed inside. Was dimly glad of it as it expanded. Sherlock came inside of him. Held him. His arms around John. Their hearts thundering.
Sherlock knelt down and gathered him up. John was incredibly aware of how much smaller he was than Sherlock. While before, Sherlock carrying him had just been a matter of his incredible strength, now something about being carried this way made John feel very vulnerable. Soft. Exposed. He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
It was half a comfort to hear Sherlock talking to him through the com. These days, he'd do it from the com on Sherlock's chest. Sometimes planning what rooms John and Washington should separately search at night when the Eymorg were asleep. Sometimes, just talking about past adventures. As if laying them out for John to remember.
John brushed back not-Sherlock's curls. He didn't mean to. Something in his center felt soft and gooey. "I was angry. Still pretty angry." Really there was something wrong with him that he felt the need to comfort this version of Sherlock.
"Commander Holmes," started Captain Killander.
As to what Vishaka means about elves is that at UC Santa Cruz (the university with the banana slug mascot), students have woven elf dens out of branches between redwood trees into elf dens, i.e. Elfland
Still there was a task to complete first.
The door to their cell opened, and for a moment, just a moment, Billy expected to see one of Colonel Green's goons, or the Colonel himself, perhaps one of the Doctors who had experimented on Billy's healing abilities and pain responses. The Colonel had enjoyed watching the experiments.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Gabriel_Bell
Tevak thought they should keep John around. "He is very knowledgeable."
"I'll want my men to go over the logs of the beam downs," said Killander.
He lost thirty-six hours.
There was another bowl of olive oil and a set of interesting toys. Since the sun had not yet set, John arranged Sherlock on the pillows to watch the sun court the horizon, a pillow under his hips, while he toyed first with the sensitivity of Sherlock's skin using a feather. The answer to which was Sherlock was extra ordinarily sensitive at this or any age.
Sherlock fell into his own well deserved sleep.
Billy looked out at the blue waves crashing in on the white sand. At the crew of the Bakerstreet chatting and laughing by a giant bonfire. Connor was waving his hands wildly and talking to his bemused looking great-grandfather.
John pushed himself slowly, growing aware of a numb patch all along his left side that was an indication that he'd been shot by some form of nerve disruptor. Although the dry mouth said phaser stun. Perhaps both.
He blurted, "I'm so sorry. I should have listened to you. I should have…"
"Sherlock Holmes died at age nine on the Breen home world. Which in turn caused the disappearance of the Augment inhabitants of the Breen home world. Although, the Fenisal still destroyed their world in a nuclear war."
"Shh…" said John. "You're mine to do with as exactly as I please, and it pleases me to do this. Breath in."
He followed John's scent. Stopped at the sight of him stretched out on a reed mat. Skin glowing in the light of a full moon. Twisting his hips in the air. His body's sharp edges softened. His scent ripe and lush. Milky motherhood and rich fertility.
And his parents. In the same room.
John hoped that the signal dampener that Hudson had been working on worked, otherwise their recapture of the ship would be short lived.
https://news.ucsc.edu/2008/02/1933.html
Jovas kept saying. "He's fine. He's fine. It's fine, Sherlock."
He filed this observation away. Now was not the time.
Mollyhoo's flushed and Vesha sobbed harder.
Once in San Francisco, the fog swirled around them while they had to find a man in a yellow fedora to give a code word. They were given a riddle, which Sherlock found ridiculously easy to solve. Which led to giving another code word to a man in an old fashioned barbershop, who rapped his knuckles on the back wall, which opened up behind him. They went down a dimly lit stairwell into a posh looking 1920s bar and ballroom. There were actors already interacting with their friends.
John lay there, his head in the dirt, and groaned. "You take my breath away."
She suffered through the slight widening of her brother-in-law's eyes as he took one look at her and said, "With Donovan. But why?"
John wasn't sure how to reverse the memories. How to remove what the neural inhibitor had done.
Sestre had shared that the composition of the creature was similar to that of the rock formation with Captain Holmes. "It was unexpected."
(See the end of the chapter for
They went to galley. There were images of John, Hudson, Billy, and Connor, on the walls.
Harry walked the full way into the shuttlepod. Placed her hand on Lethe's shoulder.
This was what became of her sweet poet when their world fell apart. Of course, Khel and Shroleb would leave for the good of the child. Except, she didn't know them. She didn't know the other version of herself.
Sometimes, she felt like an imposter. Not all the time, but certainly at times like this.
"Right, Your Highness," said John, slathering sarcasm like he was applying a cement patch on a Horta.
She smiled at him. "We're all prodigals, John. The reason I told you so many stories about the Lady of the Flowers was to give you something to aspire to. To dream about." She held up her left hand. "The Lady of the Flowers. A wonderful name. Something that grew two generations after," she held up her right hand, "the Khans and their followers, who themselves were the result of experiments. I talked to Billy about his grandfather, who named himself Beowulf and took a Normal as a lover. Who was created by scientists who themselves were the products of untold generations of war. Beowulf didn't see himself as Grendel. Grendel's mother. Yet, he followed a flag that waged war that led to war. So many failures in imagination. Too few flowers." She shook her head and smiled sadly. "I think it's easy to be a saint in paradise, but it's also true that none of the victims were mine."
She'd ordered the most enjoyable uniform of those available, while still being far more of a uniform than the times Sherlock, the dear, had shown up on the bridge wearing a sheet, silk loungewear, and that memorable occasion wearing nothing but body paint and a leather collar. The scamp.
She looked away. The darkness casting her face in shadows. Sherlock understood the feeling.
She very much wanted to tell them to take the offer or don't take it. She very much wanted to not be there. But instead followed Mycroft's advice and stood up. "The Breen are very interested in this facility, because it is already developed, but…" she smiled, Mycroft insisted the smile was important, "it is not the only facility of this age in this area. The Federation was very eager to expand into this type of colony before replicators were perfected. Please, take this opportunity to discuss among yourselves."
"No reason you should," said Sherlock dully. The galaxy was dull. He was stuck in an old Cardassian mining facility answering questions until time ended, and John was being wooed by half the station.
Final note
Compression was a valid engineering technique. One of the earliest in many species, but any system under compression was prone to explosions if there were no safety valves.
The Breen directed them out of the chamber into a long corridor with many doors. As entered the corridor, another Breen in black armor scanned them.
Mollyhoo stared at him in shock. The words sinking in along with the reality of the closed wound on Sherlock's chest. John's lack of injuries despite some fairly risky behavior he'd engaged in since he'd arrived.
Sherlock asked, "How do I actually get to the asylum? My husband is trapped up there?"
"Yes. It was not by choice." Sherlock looked down. From this change of angle, his eyes were dark slate gray shot through with gold. "When I returned, I wondered what would have happened if they had not taken me. Especially when I saw the marks on your neck. You must had thought I abandoned you."
Billy was halfway out the door, but he said, "Thank you." They raced through the building, back to the promenade and into the tunnel.
Sh'Alaack said, "Something must have happened."
When he woke. He felt as if there were a stone blade in this belly. He wanted to burrow into Sherlock, but he was too hot. He hurt too much.
It certainly put things in a certain perspective as he pulled down the utero transporter to put his Baker’s dozen on hold.
"Are you finished?" asked Lestrade.
"You're embodied, John," said Sherlock. "You need it for your psychological health."
https://localwiki.org/santacruz/UCSC_Campus_Folklore
I'll mention that given that I find that somehow I wrote a complete science fiction series, it's probable that at some point I'll file the serial numbers off this baby and self-publish. If I ever summon the energy to the necessary work to do that, this version isn't going anywhere. Long explanation summed up, it would amount to far more than swapping names and (sigh) involve yet more writing. So not happening anytime soon. But just saying, it's a thing that may happen.
"Yeah, well, duty and all that," said John. He looked at the door. "So, could we go find Harry?"
Which was why he'd lost his John for a second time.
"Is this true?" asked Sisko, turning to Killander.
Screw character. John said, "I love you," and left it at that.
The discussion quickly dissolved into an utterly tedious dissection of the word neutral and what it could possibly mean and what a Romulan might be, which was only broken up by Connor interjecting with introductions and deciding that since they had named the lift party, they should name everyone on the bridge. The names betrayed a certain theme.
http://www.cbs8.com/story/34240650/20-years-since-the-rescue-of-jj-the-gray-whale
Killander gave him a somewhat tangled summation of the facts. Details about the Breen that… John was pretty sure Billy knew nothing about. But it did include that Billy had come from in the past. Even that he was dating Chin Singh, who was Soo Lin, which was news to John. The dating part. He was well aware that Chin Singh had pretended to be Soo-Lin Yao to gain access to the Bakerstreet, but since Killander didn't ask John's main question, which was given Chin Singh had the same extremely rare sectoral heterochromia that Sherlock had, the mutation that was the reason Sherlock's eyes appeared to change color depending on the light, why had she concealed it and altered her face? Also, why was she working for the Breen? Why did Mycroft work for the Breen? Why did the Breen need anyone working for them? They were generally well known to be aggressive, bad-tempered bad-asses that even the Klingons respected, and best left to fight amongst themselves.
"Section 31 is a myth," said John. "People like to talk about it, but…"
They were a hungry two backed beast. A space alien spending its energy back into itself. Until John slid down weak legged. Flopped down on a bed that was far too narrow for two people. Although, Sherlock, ever the genius, figured it out.
John said, "So, I've been meaning to ask, what are you doing on your leave?"
Victor twirled a long thin stick in his right hand. A small blade glinted from one end. "Very well, what possible case do you think you can make?"
They were empty. Sherlock's scent was like a ghost. A sad ghost. A sad lonely ghost.
He was all alone. Sherlock wasn't there. He didn't care. He'd left John to go to sickbay by himself. Suddenly John found himself crying. Not silent tears, but big gulping sobs that wracked his entire body. He tapped his com, desperate to hear Sherlock's voice. "Sh…Sh…Sher…Sherlock! I…" another wave of sobs shook him. He sank to the floor clutching his knees and crying. He was still on the floor when Sherlock ran into the room.
"He's not a real Augment," muttered Lucy, even though this was the exact opposite of the position she'd taken in college. Her entire life. Was the opposite of everything she believed. She just wanted to disagree with him.
The rest of the pride were busy. Some of them coupled with each other. Some with the ones they'd chosen as mates. Some as desire took them. Staying near the places Sherlock had marked. Only Sarabeth stayed near. Nuzzling and suckling Mollyhoo's bared breasts. Licking hardened nipples. Whispering, "Love you, baby."
Bihr grabbed the present and followed Stonn across the hall into a service stairwell. The over wrought décor giving way to more comforting Andorian Neo-Classical architecture. They did not pass many people. The occasional Normal Human in brilliant red uniforms.
"So you do think that we're children," said Lucy, crossing her arms. "Earlier, you kept insisting you were still an adult."
Mycroft took the suit silently and left as he'd come. Alone.
Her look was wry. "Sort of thing I didn't think much about at eighteen and itching to join."
A marriage of convenience. Inconvenience.
That when I started posting, my total word count was around 350k words and is now quite a bit over 500k may tell you that your comments definitely played a role in giving me ideas for things to fill in, resolving plot arcs I hadn't noticed were there, and so on. All of which made this (hopefully) a stronger and better story.
"I know." Sherlock put his violin in its case. Sherlock did not say that he had wanted to finish with John's favorite. The room had thinned out as crew members left. Many of them heading out for their leave on Earth, before going into headquarters to be given their next assignment. He looked around the ship. His home.
He said, "It will certainly make for a fascinating birthday."
John, predictably, grabbed one of the candle stanchions and ran in the direction of the scream. Right through the arch.
His mind was still blazing. On fire. Smoke. Flame. Heat.
"Excellent. We'll see if anyone else on the ship has poor musical abilities and we're going to make some new memories together that are not about surveying nebulas, giant space ameobas, or… what happened. If I can gain the courage to be laughed at and with, perhaps... I can be some version of that person."
"Why did you give him the rock?" asked Sestre.
John sank back in the water next to Sherlock, who wrapped his long legs around John, and which was nice.
Sherlock stopped. Glared. Unable to repress a complaint. "If we rub the bow on human skin it will ruin the bow hair with oil." Stopped.
With an eye to the clock, he made himself get out of their nest of a bed. Sherlock immediately rolled over to hug John's pillow. John briefly resisted the urge to tousle Sherlock's soft curls, then gave in.
"Did you hear what I said?" asked Marida.
"You'd better," said Donovan. "I don't much like the idea of being alone here with Commander Freak."
Looking down into those eyes as he pushed inside. Saw the way they slightly widened. Knew his own expression wasn't far from different. Amazed. John's body slick and hot around him. Cock. Cunt. Fuck. Sherlock said the words that John's tight squeeze and quickening breath and sweat and scent told him that John wanted to hear.
John kind of felt like those Excalbian rock creatures would put that move on the evil side of the ledger, but John had to draw a boundary somewhere. They were not sleeping together. Holodeck and the occasional post prandial fuck. That really had to be it.
They didn't even when he told them every detail about how he got to the future from the past.
Over the loud speakers he heard Amazing Sparkles say, "Supersmart, we have a plan, but we need our memories!"
"I am a god, and you are my love," said Apollo. He raked the sky with lightning bolts.
Tevek looked dubiously at the floor. "I do not think the Klingons clean the air filters." He rubbed his lobes. "Doctor Govin says that my hearing is fine, but I know I can hear ringing."
Lucy looked at Julian.
Jacqui gave a hollow laugh. "Some of the inmates think he haunts the place. He died here not long after the facility went into use."
Bihr could feel the air of the cavern close around her. Blood draining along with her ability to respond. She was not whoever they thought she was.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lucy couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Don't take his side. Especially not using war crimes," said Lucy. "Green wanted to prove we were animals. Even looking at those studies is unethical." When she'd first heard about some of the things Green had done when she'd done her own research into Augment history, not that it had actually been taught in school, it had made her feel sick. Meeting Billy and knowing he and Connor had actually gone through some of that made it personal. Horrible. She couldn't understand why Hudson would even bring them up. "Those studies were destroyed after end of the war as part of the peace accords." She could feel tears welling in her eyes, which was just stupid. That had been centuries ago.
A child, maybe nine or so years old, ran into the room followed by a much paler and very recognizable child of the same age. The first child yelled, "I'm the first one past the ass. I win!"
"You're a bi-product of an experiment," said Killander, and wasn't that just a lovely way of eliminating John's humanity.
"It has lovely beaches," said Hudson. "I've been there several times. Other than being on the border with the Breen Confederation, and all the pirates who ship out of their space ports, it's a lovely planet."
John leaned against Sherlock's lovely warm lovely side. Told the room. "Get Donovan and Sh'Alaack what they need." John hoped Sh'Alaack had a plan to get out of this mad universe. Also, that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
He was making up an exciting adventure in which the Lady of the Flowers punched Colonel Green in the nads, when the first of the little parasites Sherlock had fertilized decided to get with the program of stealing his body's nutrients by secreting protein digesting enzymes to burrow through the endometrium of his uterus with whatever of Sherlock's little dreadnaughts were left. The process wasn't called invasion for nothing.
John glanced at Soo-Lin. She said, "My weapon doesn't stun." She smiled brightly.
Connor couldn't help it. He laughed. It was just so ridiculous to get so focused on such distant relationships when was important was how people were. Eva wasn't more his friend than Sestre just because she was an Augment. Wiglaf wasn't closer to him than Thil or Shor. Thil had even sent him a template for a grappling hook that their Aunt Harry had sent them, who technically speaking wasn't anyone's aunt.
There was only one item that belonged to the omega in the main room. He leaned over the omega as they leafed through a paper bound object with the title "Collected Works of William Shakespeare" that bore the omega's scent. At the front was a handwritten note in blue ink. "Son. As you leave for Starfleet academy and begin your next journey, I send a piece of myself with you to support you as you face trials we can't yet imagine. May you get as much wisdom, comfort, and joy as I have done over the years from the Bard's words. Your Loving Father."
"Really!" he said with absolute firmness and looked around the room for a place to get with that program.
Swirling thoughts broken up by Sherlock saying, "I cannot accompany you to the planet. Something came up on the ship. Are you sure that is not a problem?" If he was repeating himself, John must look as nervous as he felt.
"Didn't take," said the woman. "You take belt. Put on belt. I am Luma. I in charge of you. If not, I send out. No food for you."
It had only taken him four weeks after Sherlock knocked him up, but John finally made it to sickbay.
With Ishros beaming upon her, she felt doubly an imposter.
"'Obvious." Sherlock helped John struggle against the wind and into the largest building's airlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock opened his mouth to say that was not a new situation and said, "Very well. This evening."
Apollo saw no reason they should leave. "I would not strangle them."
"They are not paper weights," said Stonn. "They are eggs." He stood up slowly. Wrapped his hands around Sestre's shoulders. The kid looked like he'd been through the wringer.
Lurin was wearing a full hazmat suit, which explained why he hadn't been affected.
There was a rattle at the door below. Sherlock looked out the window overlooking the main square. Parked in the center was the shuttle, which was certainly not where it had been when it landed.
John walked down an infinite hallway wondering if there was a time dilation. That stopped as he went into the room where he was supposed to meet his assignment officer, and Captain Killander was sitting behind the desk.
And just to be clear, unlike in Rascals, they're not 12. Feel free to imagine each one of them as slightly different ages within their teens that makes you the most comfortable.
She confronted her parents to the expected result.
"And what truth did he tell you to escape from being tortured. Because it's not as if there haven't been centuries of data on how people will tell you anything under torture to get you to stop." John would have liked to have leaned back in his chair, but the force bonds made that a little hard. "I'm a doctor. I could send you some great journal articles on the subject."
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Rascals_(episode)
"Lay off, Macduff," said Harry, and for a moment, just the briefest moment, he remembered what it had been like when they were just kids then he heard Sh'Alaack shifting next to him, and remembered.
"Your parents have agreed to give us the pleasure of their performance of Lear this afternoon, before you take them away from us," said Sholto. He looked worn. Still marked with scars from when his ship had been destroyed at the battle of Wolf 359. His eyes darted between John and John's father. "I'm looking forward to it."
Bihr knelt down next to Shrilaas. "My heart, the Dominion do not respect civilian targets. You don't want me to worry about you while I'm building ships do you?"
The various guards and courtiers looked at each other. They got on their knees. Sherlock beamed at them. He glanced at John. Another squeeze. Beamed some more. "Excellent, have the corpse removed from our nest. Better yet, burn everything in there."
She came out of the cave, and stopped short. Mycroft was sitting on the remnants of a petrified tree.
Since Sherlock did know, Sherlock focused on certain key points of this discussion. "She?" asked Sherlock. Then he knew. "Euros."
"Thank you, so there we were. I had no one to dance with, when this ragged looking man," she squeezed Dad's hand, "with wild hollow eyes," she pecked his cheek, "really you were a fright, applied for the job." She held up her hands. "Picture it. A play about lost elegance in the opening days of WWII. It was all dancing in tail coats and military uniforms. My Karidian couldn’t have been further from the part, but Daddy was desperate, so we gave him an audition." She slipped her arm through Dad's. "His rendition of 'One More for My Baby,' was so angry and raw, we were on our feet by the time he was done. Then we danced our first waltz, and he danced his way into my heart." She sighed, and John couldn't help sigh with her. He loved that story. "When my father passed, we renamed the troupe Watsons for a new generation and the rest is theater history." She waved her right hand for an extra beauty queen flourish.
Marymor hobbled around on a crutch that Vesha had made. She acted as if each of the omegas was breeding because of her, which Mollyhoo found to be simply insane behavior for an alpha. If Sarabeth weren't angry with her, she'd tell Mollyhoo that she was being old fashioned, but omegas decided, not regressed alphas in a practically non-verbal state. Then again, after what Mollyhoo now knew to be miscarriages, there hadn't exactly been a lot of genome guarding in the nesting chamber.
"Sherlock. When he woke from his coma, he insisted on being called by his second name." Mycroft looked at his own gloved hands. "By some unexpected coincidence he broke free of his routine today. But rather than taking the most dangerous possible route in a race." At the other end of the valley, the first of the other runners came through the Sunrise gate. "Instead of continuing his latest set of experiments in the palace where Mummy thought to keep him safe, he found the flaw I left for him, slipped through the defenses and ran away."
Away from the candles and the incense, Sherlock could make out the scents of his parents. He could see when John recognized Mycroft's scent. John said, "What is going on?"
He slid between the sheets and laid his head down on his pillow. Breathed in his own scent. Was still breathing when the omega leaned forward. Softly explored his lips.
At least, not the Andor that Bihr knew. Elements were the same. She could not have been bonded to an architect for over a decade without learning something. But slabs of ornately carved red stone decorated in gold leaf were bolted to the walls covering the Neo-Utilitarianism style's clean lines and shapes.
Sherlock knelt next to him. "With the naked eyes, I am seeing the light of stars that are currently burning and distant ones that have long since died. Here on the skin of the ship, it's quiet. My mind is an engine that requires constant matter to consider or I tear myself apart, but here, I'm reminded there is more than enough to know. In my life, brief by comparison to the stars, I can travel and never run out of things to learn." He hadn't intended to say quite that much. But it was the same answer he'd given when John had asked.
"Sweetie." Lucy wanted to hold Eva. Her heart ached with wanting it. "I am your Mommy. There was an accident, but it's me."
Harry's left hand reached out for his right and squeezed it. She said, "Remember which hand the phaser was in. Focus on that." She pressed the phaser into his left hand. "I may have had more fencing practice than you, but you've had more practice with this."
-Drift 13 – KB1 and KB19." There was almost a grinding sound and the monitor lit up again. "Positive Match. Priority Green. Project Concordia." The Breen conferred with three other Breen in trilling sounds and wide hand gestures. They rechecked their results twice.
Mummy's dry laughter mingled with Finney's commentary as he ran.
John grinned at Sherlock and scooped grease out of a small pot. He slicked his cock. Sherlock could feel his heart beat faster. His instincts to mount any of the omegas at war with what he really wanted. Needed. He sighed happily as John prodded him in Mollyhoo's direction. John sat down beside her. "Good. Make not sad. Breed." John nuzzled Mollyhoo's breast. Rubbing his scent into her skin. "See."
Dad looked at Sherlock with a sort of melancholy smile. John sat next to him. "Hey, Dad are you okay?" He didn't ask if he'd been with Mum all day. He didn't ask a question he didn't want the answer to. That he simply could not believe had even occurred to him.
http://www.yourhormones.info/topical-issues/hormones-of-pregnancy-and-labour/
John wiped his mouth and didn't have to try hard to look pathetic. Vomiting was like that. "Please, I just need my medicine."
There were the cubes where the blastocysts had already attached, but beaming them back in wouldn't create an attachment. Far from it.
It was why he'd joined this expedition. There was parallel evolution all over the galaxy. Humanoid evolution. Human evolution. Galaxy trying over and over to make Humans.
The Ferengi briefly bickered with a Breen in black armor, who said, "You know our prices. They are not negotiable and already top of the market. You may pick up fresh restraints on level three if you wish to do further business with us."
John thought furiously. "The only reason you'd care about proof is if you've got your own black mark on your record. Section 31 not happy at the level of exposure they got? I don't think you have the authority to make anything disappear."
"No," said Kara. She raised a small silver device. "I know how to operate this laser now. I will stop you if you try to take him. I will kill you." She raised it slightly higher aiming.
Sherlock lugged on.
Thil nodded and Eva said, "Kay. We'll connect you."
"So, um… not that I don't believe you about the scent stuff," said Brown Sparkles, "But isn't it a little convenient that you showed up on the bridge claiming one of you is in charge? It's not like any of us stink or anything. I can't smell what you say you can smell. The blue lady maybe, but the rest of you look just like… me."
As Sherlock left, John followed him out. The panel was still leaning against the wall outside his door. He said, "I don't want to hear your deductions. Not this time." Sherlock made a slight gesture to his jaw line on both sides. Then again by his nose.
"Will you really be able to build a bomb from what you can replicate from a standard urban unit?" said the chaan.
He almost laid into his mother-in-law, but didn't.
Pavan looked disgusted. "No, we are nothing like the 22
"I don't think they get involved in other people's wars very often," said Mum.
John sneezed, which was exactly what was needed.
"You mean, my… they've been hurting you for…"
(See the end of the chapter for
The Tamarian Ambassador bowed. "When the red ice cutter of Thasillar rounds Mount Fear." He smiled gently. "The fatted calf is prepared. The feast of Teleros continues long into the night."
"Since he was a kitten."
Chin ran into the ever changing ice canyons.
"But his Sugar Daddy did not have a little prick. He had a… ah," John pulled Sherlock's fuck finger out of his mouth with a pop and started in on the web between his fingers. "Very long fat prick." Sherlock shifted where he was sitting. Pulling the sheets even tighter across John.
He focused on sending a signal to the Bakerstreet to return, and contacted Starfleet regarding the situation.
The number of times John had expected him to leave his quarters afterwards still ached.
"Lieutenant Watson, I am aware you accessed Doctor McCoy's files about curing Captain Kirk of being… very dead. That's a valuable ability worth studying. Not to mention a third possibility. That you brought someone back and they convinced you to help them free their relative."
(See the end of the chapter for
Course, toys were designed not to be dangerous, so they didn't make great progress either. Also, given many of them were made of yarn or cloth, there were quite a few that were useful only as toys. John took a break from throwing loud tantrums to taking a few turns telling adventure stories to the kids by the door.
"Marry me." Sherlock wasn't sure who had said the words at first, but it would seem that it was him. Then all the reasons this was an incredibly logical thing to do rushed out. "You could remain on the Bakerstreet. As a Captain, they made me captain of the Bakerstreet, I should have said that before, but I have discretion over the assignment of inactive status personnel to fulfill vital roles. Medicine is a vital role. You're a trained Starfleet doctor. You're valuable. You don't have to marry me. I could just appoint you as the ship's doctor, but you should. It's not uncommon for ship's captains to be married to the ship's doctor provided there isn't an issue with chain of command." Sherlock had been doing research. He didn't want to look away to gather it up from his memory palace.
If it meant he'd get them back to their children, she could more than accept his relentless drive. She felt like she needed, even weary from her long day in the mine, to go to where he worked and see if there was more that she could do.
Although, lest anyone think I'm about to go that route, there will be no Pah-wraith in this series, because that may be my least favorite plot line on DS9. But it's in keeping with all the dubious/non-consent, etc. reproduction.
It would seem that the godling was most pleased to rock the giant clam shell with the force of their motion grappling, moving, driving against each other. Cocks moving slickly between thighs. But John supposed that's what the humpbacked whales that came to steady the shell were for. As Sherlock knotted inside him, he felt the tingle that meant that his godling was healing John of all his ills with his magic cock, which had John giggling through his release.
Inside they found a pile of boxes and a large x painted on the ground. John looked up. There was a device in the ceiling.
She sprinted between towering blue cliffs. Clawed her way up sheer green ice walls when the way twisted in on itself and into the howling winds. Dropped back down into the sheltered canyons when a way opened up again.
"Great," a string of static, "underground," replied Donovan.
"My point is that given your resemblance, and the comments in your record about your extreme arrogance..."
"Wise, given even that meager information was in fact intercepted." Owen looked at the heat scar on the floor. "The Maquis are emboldened by my master's distraction."
He almost blacked out at the sensation when John's knot was finally captured inside him. His cock's head brushing all the way up to his cervix and rubbing everything in between.
John got up on the pad. Looked around the room at the familiar paintings. It didn't feel any different when the transporter beamed caught him up. But when he rematerialized, he immediately felt it.
John said, "So it's all back to the way it was."
"No," said John a bit more forcefully than he'd intended, and then a bit more softly. "The Romulans have to be scanning us. If we fire on anything, they'll increase speed and investigate, and if we've got something illegal onboard, I'd rather not have that conversation."
John slid slick skin against skin, as he and Sherlock as they made love in the cave with the warm spring. Warm after they dropped hot rocks in it. But Sherlock wanted to be clean. The last hunt had been… messy and unsuccessful. More mud and slide than success, and Sherlock liked to be clean. Clever and clean. Words. John wanted to give Sherlock so many words. So hot rocks and the burning soap that made John's nose itch and hands sliding over skin and washing Sherlock's hair and making love. Their voices echoing on the rocks.
Ishros, who was not her sweet Ishros, said to Bihr, "You do not know me. I have not your noble deeds, but know that you inspire those of us hiding below the ground. To know that you are free. Fighting for our people. Willing to make the ultimate sacrifice." He came over slowly. Hesitantly. "Filling us with the knowledge we must be willing to do the same."
She reminded herself that she was going to enjoy being young again. Have fun with it. After all, there had always been the implicit understanding that whether Sherlock was there or not, she was the adult on the bridge.
John lowered the force field and handed out masks. He could tell the moment that his changed scent reached the others. That they spotted the marks on his neck.
Hudson said, "The field around the ship is tightening.
The Gamma quadrant. Joined with dull changelings in a soupy Great Link. Moriarty wanted to play.
So, he got up before he'd say something he regretted and went early to his shift. These days Julian more often than not spent breakfast with Hunter before the morning briefing, so it wasn't even as if he didn't have an excuse.
He reminded himself that the first Mycroft hadn't been so perfect that Mummy hadn't decided to add a strand of Vulcan DNA to the mix. He steeled his spine and looked at Mummy. "My mind to his mind. I can heal what Euros' broken."
He drew in a breath. Massive fans spun in air handling units on a snowy planetary surface. Filtering the air. Warming it. Removing residual radiation.
Sherlock grumbled, but he agreed.
"We're kidnapping them both," said Billy firmly.
"Yes, sir," said the computer.
Speaking of mammary tissue, John's was tender. His nipples felt painfully sensitive against the fabric of shirt. Actually, all his skin itched and tingled. As if an electrical current sparked over his skin. His bones ached. He felt restless, needing something. Wanting to pace. Rub his back against the wall to ease the ache in his back. His labial tissue felt full, engorged with blood. His cock was semi hard. He had a low grade fever.
She tried to explain. She even told him the truth. Victor's last thought before the bad horrible sound. "Victor's the one who injured your pet. An old cataract knife to the tendons." Sherlock was screaming inside and so utterly silent outside. "It was Victor's fault."
Suddenly tired, grey fog flirting with edges of him. There wasn't enough spice or heat in the world to hold it back. He called it a night.
"Son, we know how hard it is to lose a child," said First Father. "You can try again." Which was not what Sherlock wanted to hear at all.
Snow Sparkles patted his hand.
Tedious.
She was an adult with an adult's responsibilities.
Some were decidedly unsafe. Others John helped with.
Sh'Alaack said, "Your 2 o'clock!"
Billy folded his son in his arms. "Shh… shhh… it's alright."
"John, if not now, then we never will." Sherlock's moved into John's space. Always closer. His scent, intoxicating to John no matter his apparent age or gender. Always uniquely Sherlock.
He heard Hunter's sudden heartbeat before she drew in in her breath. She said, "The Montezuma was destroyed. All hands lost. Vi. She's!" Hunter dashed a hand across her face. Wiping sudden tears. "Vi's dead. I… I should. I need to contact her mother."
Exactly like the Count of Monte Christo. Except they didn't have to dig anything. But there were a lot of connections.
The next day, his family put on a series of short skits for the matinee.
John yelled and waved the metal candle holder, wishing he had something a bit more substantial.
Miri wasn't eager to go to the lab, but in the end, another food bar and some gentle coaxing from John had her agreeing.
John glanced sharply at Sherlock over his first cup of coffee of the day. Sherlock had that not so subtle manic look of having not slept in a few days. "Sherlock, this had better not be a chart that tracks how often we have sex."
"What does it matter?" asked Donovan. " Watson's not in the command structure. We can't go on some revenge spree because an alien killed Holmes. We need to report what happened. But we can't commit an act of war. Certainly not one against a civilization with more advanced ships than ours."
"We solved a case that had Section 31 accusing an entire segment of Federation citizens based on their genetics. I've already contacted Sisko," was the constable's reply.
"Well, Supersmart," he said, still trying on the name Amazing Sparkles, but thinking perhaps the Sparkles part could go, "let's keep looking."
All classified material.
The shuttle ride up to the ship was quiet. Harry watched Sh'Alaack's back. Glanced at John's face. Fingered the shortened ends of her own hair and tried not to feel like a teenager hauled home from a late night party by her angry parents.
Connor stared at her. No one on the Bakerstreet had ever asked him to tell them about what he'd gone through in public. He'd eventually told Sestre, and shared a few things with Eva, but he'd never had to explain in front of a class.
Sholto breathed out harshly. "If you don't help me, I'll report your relationship with Holmes."
Still, this was the reason why when Hunter spotted an unknown ship with an ion drive that Sherlock did not com John to come to the bridge. Why he didn't go to their quarters when the computer told him John went there.
"If I'd killed him before, this wouldn't be happening." Tears streamed down Sh'Alaack's face. "The ambassador would be alive. What's my purpose for surviving if not to prevent this?"
Sherlock began again, eagerly. Not wanting to wait in case John changed his mind. He pushed gently into John, while holding Mollyhoo's hand so that she would know that she was not being neglected while they both coupled with their mates. Sherlock took his time pleasing his mate. Feeling his knot grow. Pleasing his mate as his knot slid in and out of John's well slicked entrance. Encouraging his scent to bloom further and further until he could no longer hold back. Knotting in his mate. Biting his neck. Groaning as he released his seed where it would find the best ground.
"No," whispered Sherlock. It was certainly true.
In that moment, Sestre very much wanted to tell his father that he did not want to be logical, or that his father's logic was flawed.
"That was pregnant. Now they're birthing. The babies need to come out someplace warm and free of alpha musth and that's as good as we've got. Go."
Not the silent omega drifting day to day. Replicating and consuming more liquor than was a good idea. Suddenly exploding in rage. Just as suddenly subsiding into silence.
Given Benjamin Finney is not so much a centenarian than a 120/30ian, him being alive is unlikely, but hey it's the future.
Billy tapped the small monitor on one of the controls panels and tried to hail the Bakerstreet, but there was no response. They changed the display on the monitor and couldn't find it. It wasn't there. His relief at rescue crashed around him in white noise.
John ached at the potential.
"What we need," said Lurin, "is more indentured servants." Slavery was for other races. Indentured servitude, now that was the Ferengi way. Obtain debt and leverage it. If the scientists on the planet hadn't precisely signed their own contracts, what of it. The bargain of not killing them was an implicit contract. "That is why I have already sent a distress signal to summon more. More servants in the mines. More profits."
"Player tried to play a player." Her smile was sour and sweet. Expression shifting again into a sigh. "It wasn't Daddy's fault. It was the fungus. It was all Sholto's fault. He contacted his old friends from Starfleet." The bonfire was back in her eyes. She bared her teeth at him.
Chin looked at Victor, whose expression was full of outrage at this treason. Mutiny. William always copied Victor. Always. Except for the last week. Except when Victor hadn't understood why William cared if I-Chaya had to die and William had to be the one to put him down.
Sherlock had no idea why John was concerned about cyborg demon children. It was best to simply ask. "Why do you say that?"
"Yes, father." Sestre ceased examining the door frame and reviewed his former room. No doubt to determine if he'd left anything there. They'd packed the previous day.
John took his hand. "Think they know where to get paint?"
Mum said, "Karidian?"
He glaring at the darkness in the middle of the night, when he saw Marymor dart out of the main entrance. She closed the door behind her. Lowering the latch. She'd never done that before.
John grumbled. Bashir said, "Be careful with that book." The guard sneered at him and dropped the vid-book into a storage box, which was placed on a shelf.
John was more than ready. He really wanted Sherlock's cock inside him, but given what he knew of Sherlock's refractory period, what he needed first was to get Sherlock out of his clothes. He let go of Sherlock's wrist and reached down under the tablet. Sliding his hand through the flap in the silky jim jams to grip Sherlock's rock hard cock.
For all the trouble in the early days, machinery not working, some kind of local critter mucking up the works, his grand-pappy and the other miners been able to pull through with elbow grease and explosive charges where needed. Blew the critter to hell and kept going.
He packed it.
John's quarters were a bit of Federation home. They looked like one of Khel's designs. He'd have to ask her when he got back to the Bakerstreet. If he got back. If she returned. If he'd be able to face Sh'Alaack after what his father had done. After what his sister had tried to do.
"For the record. I agree," said Odo dryly and in a less oratorial style. "You've presented no evidence that any of these people had anything do with the disappearance of a three hundred year old war criminal  from Starfleet custody."
"Please, we've discussed this," said Veema. "We know Sarpeidon sent other Augments into the past, but…" They looked at John, "John is our first mother." They tapped a control. "And there's confirmation in our most ancient cave paintings." A monitor showed a cave painting showing star coordinates, the Atavachron and the Bakerstreet. There was also a pretty good likeness of John and Sherlock. Even if Sherlock looked like his cock was the size of his torso and John was a good deal rounder than normal.
"Freak," Donovan said, "You're no good to us if you kill yourself digging a hole."
On the other side of the fire, Vesha sat next to Marymor and cuddled with her as if she were Toby. He said, "What I don't get is why is John so big already? It's only been twelve weeks since we first went into heat. Mollyhoo is only just starting to show and John already looks like he's going to pop them out." His eyes widened. "You don't think Sherlock's magic cock makes a baby grow faster does it? I saw a play about something like that once."
"Why did our parents lead us to believe that we were both dead?" It was a rhetorical question. They had concealed the information because they concealed everything useful. He offered, "You could run away."
He shushed both of them. Explaining that Mum liked to play the witches, replicating herself with a portable holo emitter would break the flow of the performance. As it was, he got the same goose bumps he always got when Mum really got her double-trouble toiling.
A being without documentation about the nature of the modifications that were not entirely to Starfleet regulations, and as Yao often said, anything recorded was sure to be improved upon shortly.
The crew raised their glasses. "To the Bakerstreet."
He kept repeating it until a very irritated voice said, "Quiet." A tray shivered into shape by the door. There were four cups full of blue liquid and what looked like red jello. "Drink the medicine. Eat the nutrient mix. Stay hydrated."
One of them his current commanding officer…lover… partner…whatever they were.
It really wasn't good that neither Lurin nor Nom were among the clustered Ferengi, but now they were committed.
With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censured... the first thought forbidden... the first freedom denied – chains us all irrevocably. Judge Aaron Satie.
Somewhere in all of this he knotted. Felt John's release as he fell into his own.
"Hypothetically speaking, Mr. Melas is an expert in analyzing obscure trends in data, speaks eight non-Terran languages, can recite the Illiad in ancient Greek – a fun fact they mentioned at the Getting to Know You Aug Soc the previous week – and recognizes what kind of sheet I've currently got wrapped around me like an idiot. If you're interested in more than coffee, I'd start there."
Which then led to a brief pile on of Admirals claiming first dibs.
They reached the junction where Ms. Hebron said to go. Thil held the light while Shor read what they were supposed to do, and Eva, who was the best playing at games that required really steady hands, connected the wires.
"Imagine meeting the two of you here," said Lestrade. "Seeing the same comedy about two idiots who are desperately in love, but won't declare themselves until their friends trick them into declaring themselves."
"Is there anything you want, sir?" said John softly.
He did not fantasize in any way having a long term role in John's life. At all. Ever. Not even staring at the wide open sea that was all that was left of his early childhood. John's gift.
Should. Would have thought if he could think of anything but John.
Finney vaguely patted a wall. "Never could have made it here without your help, Twig. Been some sixty years since I could make a climb like that."
Mollyhoo really wished that bloodwork analysis wasn't beyond her. She really wanted to know what was going on.
Sleeping in the same bed was a fiction primarily composed of John angrily shouting that Sherlock didn't love him if he proposed not sleeping together, and wriggling his very flexible body against Sherlock's.
Eva bit her lip. "I overheard Mommy talking with Sestre's dad. Stonn said the thing is… made of rocks. Actually, I think Connor is right." She scooted her chair closer and took Connor's hand. It always amazed Sestre how casually other lifeforms touched. But then, they weren't in danger of losing themselves in another person's mind through tactile contact.
-What John is trying to do: He's setting up a genome-wide association study (GWAS) to uncover a previously unknown condition (and possible treatment) for a population typically ignored by medical studies.
John raised his head, as if embarrassed, and certainly hoped so. He gripped the side of the potion desk. He wasn't sure how much longer he could hold on.
"A juvenile heat," said Sherlock sharply. "I realize that it must be an extremely rare genetic variation in Augments. Only three of the original British Augments," best to shy away from how he knew that number, "were created with the genes for that trait." Sherlock stood up pacing around the room. "In most Omegas, the rybo-viroxic-nucleaic sequences in their DNA that guide their maturation cause them to produce lower levels of the hormones that occur in heat, which cause their reproductive systems to develop. Nothing that could trigger a rut in an alpha. But for omegas with the genetic coding for juvenile heat, their reproductive systems fully develop, and they emit the pheromones' for heat, but instead of a mature annual cycle, they go into a constant heat cycle between pregnancies until the mechanisms that regulate their heats matures." Sherlock in particular did not want to mention the most famous example of an Augment with this particular condition and their resulting deep seated and never ending rage at the scientists who had created them. Taken advantage of them.
She suffered through listening to John talk about helping Lethe and the others. She wanted him to only focus on her and her pain. But that ship had left space port long ago.
"Why would you we think that?" asked Caorthannach. His heart was beating very fast.
Sherlock said, "You are all making assumptions based on poor foundations, but I appreciate the discretion."
But he did look pretty excited. If they'd managed to crack the databases that could be something. Sebastian wanted more than faded murals. He needed images of the natives. Information on their genetics.
One possibility left.
Sherlock glared at the force field separating him from Lurin. Since he couldn't very claim John as his spouse, given John's current appearance, he said, "He's my son. John Watson II. Keep your filthy Ferengi hands off him."
John had retained that sort of thinking, but he was an omega, and Sherlock had, but she’d almost begun to put him in his own category. The other two alphas had regressed further and there had been no sign of long term cognition from either of them. Language skills, memory, everything further regressed.
For one, John was shorter. The parrot that normally stared at him from chest height was now eye height.
"It's been really often recently," said Mollyhoo looking down into the water, "and very public."
John looked at the Andorians awkwardly. Hardly even sure what to say. With memories came the knowledge of everything that had happened. Everything he'd have to deal with.
They settled down to listen to Papa Ishros tell them a story about themselves.
Eclogue: at the Marriage of the Earl of Somerset
The recording ended.
"You mean the symptoms of adolescence," said Lucy wiping sweat from her forehead at a sudden flash of heat. "I didn't miss the hot flashes."
"Honey, slow down, what are you talking about?" asked Sarabeth.
"Are there any other journeys that you wish to attempt?" asked the Guardian.
The figure threw back his hood. Sherlock glared at him. "Why would you even remotely think I care more about reproduction than I care about you? Or that I don't care. That I am not in love with you. That… I'd willingly run away and leave this sector behind if I could do it with you. Explore the gamma quadrant. With you. Only with you. You cured me of being in love with Irene because I was already in love with you. You idiot!"
Billy's heart squeezed looking at Connor's expression. How much he cared about all his friends. About everyone. "It's awfully late, but let me talk to Mr. Washington."
Killander's scoff was all she needed to know. If he didn't think it was the creature, then he had reason to know it was someone or thing else. Really, she had missed this sort of interrogation. "The creature certainly sounds interesting. Especially if it turns out to be intelligent. The prime directive would have to apply." She sipped her tea.
He'd opened his eyes to a hand on his shoulder and the worried look.
"If you mean that my grandmother wouldn't leave me alone with adult alphas all through my adolescence, and I'll do the same for Eva when she gets older, then yes I do."
Bihr stared down at him for a long moment.
Blah, blah science. He was vibrating with anticipation. As he filled a ruckpack with a few supplies, he threw in the pillowcase so he could scent it as he walked to the holodeck. His body full with all the devices rubbing inside him.
Finally, his omega was satisfied. Instead of rubbing himself against Sherlock, and yowling his need to breed again, his mate nuzzled his cheek against Sherlock's chest and fell into a weary sleep.
"Ah," said Cafa nodding. He moved his chair closer to listen as John entertained the kids, and Hudson and Lucy did something to Cecile, a toy that had started out with two legs and now had eight. It also had the remote receiver from one of the dildos with a booster by adding components from receivers from the other two sex toys.
Mollyhoo gasped. "What! I didn't think the Confederation would… well, I'm going to focus on the idea that we didn't kill ourselves off as a species or there wouldn't be a temple." Mollyhoo stopped in the middle of the trail. "But if you weren't prepared, the time dilation will make you revert to a sort of… aggressive…savage." Toby rubbed against her as if to say, rain is bad, when she shook her head. "You know what… we'll figure it out." Mollyhoo sighed. "And you're science people. I have omegas with science backgrounds to talk to and I'm going to lose that. I mean yeah, it's worse for you, and you may try and kill us, but while I love my Sarabeth, she wouldn't know a pathogen from a reagent. This is just depressing. Not to mention nuclear winter. Yikes."
Of course, Mummy reached for them. Of course. Tinker with their own children. Create a Euros. Craft Sherlock. Tinker with Mycroft's own genome. Attempt to reverse what damage the Breen had done to themselves long ago. Sacrifice what they were expected to sacrifice. All in attempt to capture what was trailed in front of them.
"Yeah,
"Quiet!" Hahn rubbed his face. "LaForge, show the projections Admiralty again. Even shifting all civilian shipyards to Starfleet production, we're looking at,"
Instead they looked at him blankly. "An A.S. An ass." He really missed Eva and Thil just then. Shor would have rolled his eyes at that joke, and Sestre wouldn't have gotten it, but Eva and Thil would have laughed. "Calling someone an ass is an insult. It means they're mean and stuck up. I'm not supposed to call anyone an ass."
"Sh'Alaack, but she's," Trois Primus tried somewhat ineffectively to keep his siblings from killing each other, "Mummy, did you promise that we would save her race from reproductive annihilation?"
"What's going to happen?" asked Sun Liu from where she was sitting on a bench across the room.
Lines from As You Like It, Hamlet, and Macbeth.
End of a weary while, he reached out and was handed a nutrient drink by none other than Captain Benjamin Sisko. John blinked at him. Slight fracture of the right tibia. Sub-hematoma on his right check. Otherwise fine.
Shor and Thil. Shrilaas and Keraas. Names that had been put in her head so she could become John. Take over the Bakerstreet for Frankland. Lethe. Adams. Names and no faces.
"No. We came by… accident," said Sherlock. "How do we go back through this Atavachron?"
The nearest Starbase was Starbase 212, but Hunter cleared her throat at the morning briefing. "Commander, DS9 isn't that much farther. They know us there. Sisko will make sure that whatever is going on your rights aren't umm..." she pursed her lips, "abridged."
"I hope Eva didn't miss me too much," said Lucy, who was cradling a tray of plants. She'd told John what they were, but for the life of him he couldn't remember. Other than it was very similar to some other plant, which had some sort of significance, according to Lucy. "She was looking forward to staying with Freddy, but she's still her Mama's girl."
He also knew when something wasn't quite right.
Even with Julian, it was slow going. The children still had to go out to retrieve the items he left by various Jeffries tube openings, which Hudson then had to alter in the middle in the night and then have Julian take to key locations or modifications he or the other children had to make.
John didn't give him a chance to say more about how it felt. Peppered kisses and praise on Sherlock as he moved. Was rewarded by legs wrapping around his hips. Then curling up along his chest. Then wrapped around his neck.
It was past time to take Chin up on her offer to take them away.
John would never have let him get away with something like that.
Another shen said bitterly, "Even though that favorite decided to run away." Then looked frightened at her own words, glancing around the room. She spoke up towards a black sphere on the ceiling. "Was taken away. And who will soon be returned to the Prince's loving arms."
As he might have expected, when they got access to the ship's computers, there was a communique from Starfleet ordering Captain Moriarty to take the ship through the Romulan Neutral Zone and attack a colony near the border in retaliation for a Romulan raid the previous month. Stealth was not an issue. The Romulans needed to see what even a single Federation ship could do.
"I'd like that," said Lucy. They were in the middle of setting up a game of Andorian Cross-jump, when a red alert sounded. The ship shuddered. Hudson's voice briefly came on, "Ship's crew, I'm sure that we can …" and was cut off by Donovan saying, "I'm taking command of the ship. Crew to battle stations."
It would seem corporeal or not, those functions were hard wired into him.
"So, was I," said Sisko. "My wife died in that battle leaving me raise our son without his mother. And now I'm hearing that we could have prevented not only her death, but saved the lives of over eleven thousand brave Starfleet officers."
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
A historical example that the other Alignments could be clever when they wished. No need now that they had their 23
Two professors that he'd slept with.
She told them that she was planning on having a little chat with all the personnel. Not that she was their mother, but they needed to be prepared that if there wasn't a promotion in the offing, Starfleet might choose to end their commission with Starfleet, or opt to change personnel to inactive status unless, "Sacred Chalice forbid, there's something like another Borg attack. Mind, you it's a mutual sort of affair with personnel being free to choose to do something else."
In a fit of perverse annoyance, John replicated flannel jim jams in bright blue with small cartoon ducks on them. He glared at Sherlock with his arms crossed. Sherlock turned bright red. The flush clear on his cheeks.
"Us," Veema said brightly. "Because of you. Thank you."
Melas stepped closer to Apollo. "Please, warmth giving Apollo. Have pity on your children. It's been so long since you've left us." They knelt in front of Apollo, holding up their hands crossed.
Still more time wasted discovering that on leaving the Andorian transporter station in Freedom Plaza, they'd gotten into some sort of altercation. Attempted to steal a land transport.
John thought to himself, somewhat randomly, that of all the times that he'd gotten well and truly knocked up by his heat, this was the one that Sherlock knew the most about. Was a reality for him in a way that it always had been for John each time.
"Smooth, Julian," said Dax, leaning back in their chair. "Exceptionally smooth."
It's a bit like the method used to ID Richard III's remains (mitochondrial DNA). Mind you, there are still some people who dispute that ID of Richard III because the Y chromosome DNA for that family tree isn't a match for the remains found under the parking lot. But… mitochondrial DNA, which doesn't change much and you get from your mom, is a bit more reliable than Y chromosome DNA, which also doesn't change much, but you (assuming you have XY chromosomes) get from your dad. It's um... harder to make a mistake about maternal relationships.
In the face of that expression, Billy lied. "I suggested it. We haven't a visited a planet since we arrived on the ship. I thought one with so many Augments would be nice. Also, Ms. Hudson and John are going. You were paying attention when I mentioned that, right?"
But his first oath was to do no harm.
Owen said, "Where's the pet that was brought in?"
Nothing happened.
Actual quote is a bit more like, "and ships—and sealing-wax— Of cabbages—and kings— And why the sea is boiling hot— And whether pigs have wings.” "Walrus and the Carpenter" by Lewis Carroll
The other omegas moaned and stretched. Displayed themselves. The air thick with their scent mingled with John's.
She watched John reclining on hide stuffed with kava needles. He rubbed his belly. Sherlock curled at his feet and lifted John's tunic in a now fairly familiar sight of public fellatio, which exposed John's belly further.
They'd had variations of this conversation a few times, which was fine. But still, John was glad that the Bakerstreet was nearby.
She asked him the next day. He glowed happily and said, "I love him," and then sang his husband's praises until she said, innocently as a thespian could, "So, you're not dumping him for your old shag. What's his name, Tadpole."
The Tertius that Sherlock did everything in his power to ensure would survive, and wanted so very much to be there from their first breath into the world. Sherlock had been so impatient to hold them and breathe their sweet infant scent and kiss them and dandle them and play with them and love them. As many of them that survived. Weren't murdered and absorbed by their stronger siblings. That was how it was for Auguments in vivo. For high order multiples. For John. Not that they'd ever tried vitro.
He followed John as they climbed through the cave system holding candles in small clay pots. Flames flickering over the paintings and making the animals run. He saw images of himself and John among them with stars. It was good.
Chin said tiredly, "Any non-Augments are immediately moved off-site. We can't endanger this location."
Then Redbeard was a pirate again. He whispered, "I'll avenge you. I'll get your heart back."
"What I'm working on during the week doesn't make me feel so good."
Sherlock went to his workroom, the location of so many wonderful moments being inspired by his John, and tried to select the right weapons to kill every guard surrounding Victorious. And the weapon that would allow him to die if he failed.
Would John be like Lucy and still have time for research? Would he be like Sh'Alaack and have space for exploration? Medicine? Last, but certainly not least hours just for cuddles with Sherlock in a warm bed? He wondered if it would have been easier if he and Sherlock had had kids, not thirteen, but maybe one or two, maybe after the polywater incident, if that would have been easier. Not something to decide to do, just caught by circumstance and go.
"Excellent," said Erickson. "Time to um…" she chuckled, "make history." Her interns sighed.
Prince Whatever tapped through some controls to show the crew manifest with his own smiling face listed as Captain Moriarty. "I am the captain. This is a mission that the Romulans are doing their best to subvert."
"No, but, look." Connor pointed to his plate. "That's the Federation." He moved Mum's plate next to it. "That's the Cardassians." Since he was out of plates, he moved the salt and pepper shakers together on the far side of the Cardassian plate. "That's the Ferengi." He flattened his napkin next to the Ferengi and then lifted the salt shaker because he was trying to represent something three dimensional using dinnerware. "That's the Breen. And they're Augments. If they came into the war, it would put the war on two fronts. If they do something good for the Federation, then we don't have to worry about revealing that they're Augments. They can be… I don't know, the United States in WWI and WWII. Good will all around."
Grandfather was quiet for some time. Finally, he said, "I did try. I knew that my children were lost to me the moment the ship took off." He looked out at the warm blue capped water of the lake. The forested mountainsides. "I had been so fortunate in the children I had with Betas, I didn't understand how easy it had been. At a certain point, I did not have the heart to continue. To hope that bravely. I cannot imagine doing as the Khans did. Making thousands of attempts to reach success." His heart thudded a beat. He sent Billy a quick smile. "And aren't you glad, or Chin Singh would not be here today."
He hadn't yet sent a message. Yet. Waiting to see if Captain Holmes would appear and save them. If they could return to their safe cozy home, surrounded by people Billy trusted.
Sherlock's com went off. John's voice wailed out of it. "Sh…Sh…Sher…Sherlock! I…" and cut off. Sherlock immediately ran out of the room.
When Father Noonian had first informed Chin Singh that since her sojourn as a Starfleet officer upon the larger stage, it was far past time she moved out of research and into a more active role in the service of her people, Chin Singh was unsure.
He tied the rope around a large rock, but he wouldn't be using is on the way down. He gouged quick hand holds with his hands in the ice and made the last thirty feet as a simple drop.
(See the end of the chapter for
And lifted.
"Another Cassandra," said Apollo, raising a hand that crackled with a glowing warmth. As his fingers closed, there was creaking sound.
"Fine, you won't have to use them," said Hahn. "What will it do to our projections if we shift production, LaForge?"
That night, John slept alone. He really wasn't much of a one for company.
The snow wasn't coming down that heavily. The real problem was the thousand or so teenagers streaming around them in some sort of race towards a rise several thousand meters away.
John did not think about how quiet Sherlock's body was. He did not think about how the technology that was keeping him alive was cobbled together from an emergency kit. That at any time, any of his systems could start failing.
"We are storing many of you disgusting creatures. My cousin thinks you can be of use, but I say you are a waste of resources."
Sherlock prepared for his first acknowledged encounter with John. He reviewed his charts and studies about every desire that John had ever evinced any interest in. Because there was considerably more at stake now that John knew that Sherlock was Sherlock.
It shook its enormous head. "Always something new to learn in our relationship. All this time, and I had no idea how strong you are," said Moriarty, before shifting into a tentacle sort of plant thing.
"We need to take shelter on a planet. Preferably one with an atmosphere."
As might be expected Veema of the 1
"I remember your adolescent crush was an android," said Sherlock in a somewhat strangled tone of voice.
There were several groans.
Sherlock padded over to him. Small, fragile, not even as old as a teenager. Very much a child. "I just," his voice was high, "I just needed it. I don't remember being this age." John did a quick scan. Sherlock scowled. "Ugh, I can turn it back. I set the transporter to auto transport me in thirty minutes. I just want the memory of being held by someone who loves me when I was… smaller. I don't have that, and I need it." He held up his arms. John picked him up and sat with him for a long while on the couch. Not saying anything. Rubbing Sherlock's back. The pie was done by the time Sherlock whispered, "Do you think you could want someone, a child that maybe looks a little like me, to hold like this?Be a parent to?" Perfect timing, as the transporter slipped him away.
Mollyhoo looked at them in puzzlement. "What do you mean? We're all omegas here."
Eyes closed. Blind. Tasting. Seeing with fingers. With tongue. With the sharpening scent of arousal. The silky drift of Sherlock's hair as he mouthed John's nipples. As he licked both John's cock and cunt. Rapid breath a warm constant on dampened skin.
John did not want to have a repeat of his discussion with Sh'Alaack over criminal justice. Not under the circumstances and not just then. He'd only just managed to relax.
Sherlock expanded his search. Over the last ten years, seven of the nine Starfleet personnel assigned to that base on Taurus IV had died under accidental circumstances. Each time the Watson's theater troop had been performing on planet. Now eight, given Sholto's demise.
"Khan and his pile of ash followers. I had plenty of access. They were dusty."
Not-Sherlock glowed at John. "I know I've been saying very unpleasant things about your mother. That he didn't love us anymore. But your mother loved us enough to murder my brother and cut off his cock." He squeezed John, which was warm and lovely. "No one could love us better."
Sherlock drew in a breath to bring up events only he would know. Culverton pressed a hypospray to his neck. "That's enough out of you."
Killander said through gritted teeth, "The records on Khan’s DNA analysis were purged to prevent them from being declassified fifty years ago."
Every crewman and officer was wearing black insignia. Soo-Lin said, "Still think Section 31 is a myth."
Tadpole had looked so young that morning. Unformed. Not really all that interesting. But something in the alpha scent that the holodeck simulated for Tadpole had had John trying to kiss him. Tripping the child lock.
John had woken up alone. His husband's scent lingering in the sheets. John did not wank off to the scent. He took a quick shower for once and headed to sickbay for his shift.
It was then, that he heard the singing.
It didn't even matter when Dax raised their glass and said, "Despite all my previous hosts, this was the first time I've thrown a bachelor party without the bachelors knowing they were getting married. Thanks for the new experience."
"Please, Master. Fuck between my lips, into my mouth, down my throat. They all belong to you. Everything belongs to you." He opened his lips and took John in. Did his best to keep his teeth out of the way. Avoid choking, his practice all week coming in handy, as he took all of John in.
He continued in the warmth of that smile. "We've been awake less than an hour, and we've already had intercourse twice. Both of which, you initiated. You were comfortable with the idea. Muscle memory had you manually stimulating us to orgasm, and your instinct was to penetrate me vaginally with several items from the box and then with your penis." He shrugged. Sweat making his hair cling to his forehead and neck. "It seems a logical conclusion."
Sestre emerged with a small package. It was wrapped in bright paper. He said, "Father, this is a parting gift until I see you again. It is customary."
She finally got an explanation of just what exactly was going on with Sherlock's genetics. "Oh, that's…" She sighed. "I want to reinvent refractive lenses, but there's only so much time in a life."
John reminded himself that this man had been part of a brutal dictatorship. Was most likely responsible for the deaths of millions in the twenty-first century, and had kidnapped them. At the moment, Grendel looked gobsmacked by Connor's swearing.
He decided that he wasn't close enough and came around the table to straddle Sherlock's lap, who was still looking away. "Course then neither of us would exist and that would be a good sight harder for us to fix."
He blandly said, "I know," because he had been there when Sherlock came up with the method based on something John had said, and then they'd taken out the giant amoeba together.
John saw a flicker of fingers by the med shelves where the hyposprays were stored. A modification to Julian's program to allow him to only partially display.
John clambered down from standing on the bed, and ignoring the leather straps hanging from each sturdy post was what he was doing. Went through all his possible plays, and decided there really was only one option left. "Please, your Majesty. There's something you need to know."
Sherlock huffed a much more like him sigh. "Fine. It's obvious that Killander doesn't care about the cause of the disturbances down on the planet. A Federation citizen was killed, which only makes it more likely that people will immigrate off the colony and the Breen would be able to claim it." He shrugged. "Hudson can handle Killander. I'm more interested in hearing what our personnel on the ground have to say for themselves about a silicone based lifeform. Silicone."
The figures conferred in whistles and beeps.
"That's not when it happened." She looked at him sharply. "It was before then. We were still kids. You stopped talking about acting together. Didn't want to go on stage at all. Started talking about going to Starfleet. Becoming a doctor. It was all you could talk about." She shook her head. "I spent three months sitting in a circle with other murderers trying to figure out when we stopped being close. Processing that even if it felt like you didn't want to be around me that wasn't what happened." She rubbed her chest. She looked thin. Like she hadn't been eating enough. There was a grainy quality to her skin that John didn't like. She waggled her fingers. "There was finger painting."
"And when I find them," said Brittanus thinking, considering, "they cannot know what you’ve shown me."
A curl of the creature's rocky surface curled around the stone. It slid backwards into the tunnel carefully carrying both rocks.
"You will not address the Founder in such a familiar manner," said Weyoun the something or other clone of that line. "They are nameless and unknowable."
Not that Sherlock ever wanted to go home, or particularly had a birthright, but it was enjoyable.
"You wanna suck arse," said, John wasn't sure which kid had said it, but there was a shoving match among the kids.
Now even their cousin, who'd bothered to entertain them with stories about pirates, had left the gym. It was just them.
Gasping for air, as he slammed her back against the wall in the tight space.
"He wanted to know," said Sherlock, who moved closer. Took his hand. John could feel Sherlock's hand. That was something.
"Here's how I see it," said John moving carefully away from the bed. "You've got three options. Option number one, use your considerable resources to help get me home, returning the other John here."
Sherlock was standing by the chalkboard in the Hogwarts potion's classroom. His back was to the door as he wrote something from Jabir. Because Sherlock hadn't read a popular children's series, but he'd read all the medieval alchemists. Sherlock's deep voice did lovely things to John's flesh around the toys. "Mr. Watson. Late a…" pausing as John's own scent reached him. He cleared his throat. "Again."
A boom from outside the gallery.
"That's extremely observant, John," said Sherlock with that weird fake smile thing he sometimes did. He was also halfway across the room from John, which wasn't like him.
Thil said, "It's just all rock." While his twin, Shor, murmured his agreement.
Harry whispered, "Ashes, ashes. They all fall down," as grey figures crumpled to the ground in the dim light. High above them, air continued to howl out of the dome.
Down to the increasing speed of motion. The desire to lift his legs to let the omega in farther. Harder.
Billy let out a fragmented sigh. "We're staying together."
Chin said, slowly, heavily, as if reciting something. "The Augments Superior want to be reunited with their families. We want to honor the ones who were left behind. Who died murdered by mobs. We need your genetic diversity. Your numbers. Your strength."
Sherlock observed the cadence to the way she talked. He did not ask her to repeat the words he'd once asked John to say to identify his accent.
"No, of course not," said Hudson soothingly. "If I doubted your loyalty to the Federation, I'd have dealt with you myself years ago."
"Excellent, you've correctly identified me. I wasn't certain that was within your limited powers of observation."
Was rewarded finally, with a flicker of eyes that didn't know him.
Hunter said, "Probably made sense while we were at war with the Cardassians. Although, given the majority of the Federation bases are just listening posts and supply depots, they are kind of stretching things."
"Those were the parameters of the Brindinal Peace Accords," said Hudson. "In exchange for allowing Starfleet to establish Federation bases in Breen space on the Cardassian border, the Breen were allowed to establish mining facilities in Federation space where the Federation was not currently operating a facility up to the number of Federation posts in Breen space."
Chin's expression finally shifted from worry to a dimpled smile. "I know. I was Mycroft's plus one at your wedding."
John shot Sherlock an annoyed look for being a giant over dramatic tit. "Don't worry, we're here to help."
And I am using a plot point from the 1960s, decades before the genome was mapped.
"Ask me to fuck your pretty mouth."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panopticism
"Oh, is that one of the bondmates of the Andorian who was hurt?" asked Elise. Her heart rate was slightly elevated. Her eyes flickering between Karidian and the monitors currently set to display the tops of an icy mountain range on Andor.
Marymor said softly, "Here."
He knew too much about the future.
"I'm sure you do, sir." Soo-Lin held back. "We can't all just walk around through the base."
A few weeks later, there was another growth spurt. Sherlock was practically at his previous height. John could see how he'd been able to fake his age and join Starfleet so young.
"We'll call you Mama G," said Connor decisively. They looked at the alpha and said, "We can call you Supersmart and your friend is umm… Amazing Sparkles."
Sherlock found that tears were trickling cold down his face. John hummed and pulled him to his feet. Kissed his cheek. Whispered. "Love you."
Of course, on the days John woke up alone, he generally went back to their cabin for a refreshing nap in the middle of the day. On those occasions, Sherlock also returned to their quarters less for a refreshing nap than to rip off John's clothes, throw John onto their marital bed, and fuck him practically through the mattress. Unless, John got there first and was already naked, which really only changed the part where his clothes were ripped off.
John scanned the cave. There was no convenient door to blast through. There was a camera very obviously looking at them. John's com pinged.
As he approached the deflector array level, a voice shouted. "I'm not a Romulan. I don't even know what a Romulan is. I don't know who I am." A low range blast from a modified welder splatted onto the wall across the room. Blackening the metal.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded and didn’t share his plans for self-destruction to make John leave. The possibility that they would have mingled. The thought that he could have created a simulacrum of a body to carry him on. He did say, "You do realize that the systems containing your consciousness are not entirely stationary. I could have them moved if needed. Perhaps develop the technology necessary to remotely store your consciousness." He would need to examine the records on the positronic android, Commander Data, but it was possible.
Mollyhoo said, "The vasopressing 1b receptor gene is the part of our olfactory system that allows us to scent the difference between alphas and omegas. I don’t have it. If and this is a big if, an omega breeds with an alpha, through micro-chimeric transfer from the blastocyst to the omega that alphas scent become… really you wouldn't understand, but the pheromones in an adult alpha's urine that they haven't bred with can um…cause a pregnant omega's hypothalaumus to release dopamine, which prevents the secretion of progesterone, which could cause a miscarriage." She raised her hands palms up and shrugged. "Autopsies." Her lashes flickered. "Late stage autopsies."
Sherlock went into the holodeck. He took off his clothes. Then stood there uncertain of his own scenario. He placed a blue silk robe over his shoulders that fluttered as he went through the wide golden doors that he'd seen so often from the other side.
It was hard to imagine being on a planet again. All around them, the Bakerstreet hummed with the sound of the ship's engines. Chin had taken the time to explain their function once upon a time. Now their relationship was full of stolen moments. Another stolen moment ahead of him with a choice at the end of it.
"We're in far enough for sensors to no longer be effective," said Hunter.
Connor thought of the way his mummy had stood kept trying to get to him when then Colonel Green's men threatened to kill him. He thought about Ms. Hebron shouting. That was when he knew.
Then looked less.
John reached out and took Sherlock's hand. He didn't let it go until they were in the landing bay and both of them needed their hands figure out the lock and get them out of there.
Yellowbeard made himself get up. "Stop it!"
Better than John, who groaned where he was lying on another biobed, pushing his rear into the cushions beneath him. It looked like his pseudoheat was hitting him a lot worse than Lucy's. She had no idea what she smelled like, but his scent reminded Lucy of standing under the pergola at Grammy's in March. Rioting with purple wisteria and star jasmine, vines dripping flowers on all sides. An overwhelming scent of sultry fragrance with just a touch of aromatic compost over the wisteria roots, and wood rot from that one stump grammy liked to use as a bench.
Sherlock forced himself to focus. Examine Dionysus and Apollo. They looked humanoid, but had the power to manipulate energy and matter. Certainly more interesting than charting a nebula. "Perhaps you could give us an opportunity to learn more about you."
The answer was another stunner blast.
"It has," said Killander tightly, "been proposed and deemed too dangerous."
Well, except the earful he got from Yao for upsetting Billy, which was about what he felt like he deserved.
"Because you're recovering from Juvenile Heat Syndrome," said Wiglaf in another compressed rush. "Everyone knows that you had to have a treatment or you'd have gone into rut with one of the alphas, and all the asses are alphas, because they didn't realize how things were going to be." Connor could feel his face flushing. He knew he must be bright red. "Everyone knows that as soon as the cure is confirmed, they'll probably transfer you. So you can establish an emotional bond with one of them. I don't have the genes," Wiglaf followed up sadly.
"No," said Chin slowly. "I know you weren't… raised in the center of things, but Mummy already has a good deal of influence. Much more than Father Noonian and Father Meiying. I don't know why." She straightened her shoulders, "But that doesn't answer your question. Euros got in our heads. She made us turn on each other. It's all kind blurry, but we went out into the snow. I was attacked by a Feradon. A massive creature with poison fangs. I fell. It felt like it took forever. I broke… many bones. Then I healed… wrong. I couldn't get out of the crevice, until a stranger saved me." She shook her head. "Euros killed Victor and I thought killed you. She must have wiped your mind so you wouldn't remember what she'd done."
He couldn't bring himself to sing. Listened as the sound filled the room with rolling resonance.
She ignored him.
Sherlock felt his blood flush in his cheeks.
John rummaged through his pack for a knife. She recoiled, and he gave her a stern look. "I just set your arm, but yeah, it's about to get less fun. I need to get the two of you warmed up. Your body mass cannot handle these temperatures for long. He sliced open the belly of the creature. Guts and steam roiled out into the frigid air. "I need you to crawl in there."
"Computer," said Sherlock, "Open the holodeck door."
"Yes, mom." After a while Eva asked, "If it wasn't about Dad, why did you get so mad?"
They settled down on a nice little island above a beautiful beach.
Then as the more time that went on, as she made friends on the ship, fell in love with Billy, the less certain she was that she wanted what her parents wanted. Wanted an empire. It did make her wonder just what shape her life would have taken if Victor had lived.
"Oh, no. That problem is and was real. They do still need our help, but my son," an additional squeeze of Mummy's hand, "you cannot go back to help the children you left behind. Having..." Mother took a deep breath, "experienced this precise pain myself, I understand your desire. I left a part of myself behind when I departed on that sleeper ship. I learned when the Breen awoke me that there was a way to go back in time to bring my son to safety in the future. It was as if I lost him once again, when they explained how in doing so I would unravel everything. All the work that he did to save children like himself. Ensuring that Augments survived into the future. "
"Name one famous alpha artist," said Jovas. "Name one alpha inventor. Famous leader."
She laughed. "I don't know what countries those are, but no. I'm a local girl. My crèche thought about immigrating south to the Confederation, but we couldn't get the visas before Sarpeidon cracked down." She shook her head. "This doesn't make any sense. First of all, I'm no temporal scientist, but the Atavachron requires a tremendous amount of power. That's why Sarpeidon built it next to the dam. That and as a great um… screw you to the Breenava. After all, this is generally thought to be where some of the first signs of Breenava civilization started and so of course the Fenisal put it under water." A statement that had John's brain stuttering. Not helped by her next remark. "The Atavachron only creates temporal portals. I mean, yes, it does transport you in space in that we don't all emerge in a cold vacuum because the planet and for that matter our solar system are constantly moving, but it locks on the temporal and spatial location of the same place."
His breathe caught and he did as commanded. He reached up, gripping the slats of the headboard over his head. Tilted up his hips in a hopeful invitation. Which was accepted.
Which was not going to end like this.
John examined the single-neucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in Sherlock genome to see the genetic variations in his nucleotides. Which John had to admit was an incredibly intimate thing to do. There was nothing more private about a person than their genome.
He picked up Harry's picture
John forced his lips to move. "Auto suture. Small silver stick, bottom right of the med kit. Setting nine. Blue button." There was a whir. John did his best to turn his head. Caught sight of McCarthy. He didn't appear to be breathing. John tried to move, but couldn't.
A pine tree's rough bark scratching at his back. Silk pushed aside. Willingly. Joyfully. Sherlock needed John. Needed nothing so much as him.
Behind them Harry groaned and Donovan after a long moment, said, "Right back at you, sister."
At the reception, Elise stood up and said, "My father read this poem by John Donne in honor of my marriage, and I found when it came time to write this speech, I turned to it as well." She raised one hand in declamation. "Now, as in Tullia’s tomb, one lamp burnt clear. Unchanged for fifteen hundred year, May these love-lamps we here enshrine, In warmth, light, lasting, equal the divine. Fire ever doth aspire, And makes all like itself, turns all to fire,               But ends in ashes; which these cannot do, For none of these is fuel, but fire too. This is joy’s bonfire, then, where love’s strong arts. Make of so noble individual parts. One fire of four inflaming eyes, and of two loving hearts." She raised a glass of champagne. "To Sherlock and John."
Connor said, "I want to stay with my Mum." He laced his hand in Billy's. He stood up. He'd gotten so much taller in the last year. Losing his baby fat. Her heart ached for him. His expression was far older than it should have to be. "I don't want to be separated from him."
"Intercrural was traditional in ancient Rome," said Sherlock between kisses. "I've been researching." He pressed his legs around John's cock.
"Which means?" asked John, because that was all the situation needed. For Sherlock to have gotten into trouble as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock left it to Donovan to glare at his brother and the Breen through the ceremony. A delegation of tasks that meant he could look into John's eyes as he slipped a ring on his finger, and vowed to do all the things he wanted to do anyway.
"All our grand pappys," said Gremel. "For all I know, it's the Breen as been effing with the tech."
Sherlock stood on the inside of it. His safe comforting scent surrounded John before his body wrapped around John's.
First things first, regroup with the other adults and then make a plan.
Julian tilted his head. "I'm programed not to be upset when patients react that way."
The first time Sherlock woke up, he cursed at Mycroft. "You knew!"
John turned, pinching himself hard enough to draw tears. He looked up at the larger of the two Klingons. "Now the Ferengi say I'm going to be sold into inden…inden… and what about my ba-ba-ba-baay-by!" He put a little extra wail on that last bit.
It really was all too much. Martha decided to focus on the positives. "At least we have plenty of time before you start to show. The last thing we need is for John to be moved in with the adult omegas. We have no way of knowing when the cargo holds on the Klingon ships will be filled, but when they are, the Ferengi will leave to sell it and our crewmates. Our best chance is from here where the security is the lightest."
Nothing hurt.
Connor said, "But we've been studying the Breen in school. They've been in space for a thousand years. They traded the Ferengi warp technology for their moons. Why would they care about Augments?"
There were a few snickers and a muttered, "Typical 1
"Oh, for fuck's sake," said John. "Just because Sherlock's brother works for the Breen that has nothing to do with us. Sherlock can't stand his brother."
He continued to work his way through the ship. There were a couple of people with minor injuries. One broken leg, which he set in sickbay.
He'd been on the 221C listening to Connor tell Hudson an impressive number of facts about their destination Beta Aurigae. Meanwhile the Bakerstreet had gotten a distress signal from an archeological expedition on a planet just outside of Breen space. He'd considered turning the shuttle around, but they'd already been several hours out. Now, groggy and in pain, he was reassessing that decision.
John shouted Sherlock's name. Just his name. His spine bending backwards as he came. When he'd stopped and his breathing calmed, Sherlock lowered John into the vat used for heating water. In this case, the temperature lowered to a human comfortable degree. John whispered to the coms, his eyes closed, floating. "That was fan-fucking-tastic, but," he opened his eyes, "probably not the best use of our time."
"Get to the point," said Sherlock wishing he could transport Mycroft very far away.
They came to a marble temple on an outcropping.
Sherlock's gasped, as he hadn't asked for the bath. Then with a surly toss of his inky waves of hair, he said, "They already cleaned me out for your pleasure," another toss, "sir."
Sherlock had a horrifying thought. "Did you engineer John too? Put him in my path?"
"But, when we travelled to the past… the other John was… ah no," Sherlock trailed off.
She went through the twisting turns up into a small gallery off a side chamber where there was a screen that listed those who had died on this run over the years. She found Mshindi Victorius Augustus quickly enough. She pressed her fingers to the screen. "From hell's heart, I'll spit in her eye," she promised him. But she couldn't find William Sherlock Scott. Not searching. Not scrolling.
Sherlock came closer. To see if John was well. To touch him. Be near him. He moved slowly. Carefully.
He could see the realization of that situation blooming in John's expression. "Huh," said John, "You're right."
He smiled at the other alphas and omegas when Mummy dropped him off school, but none of them smiled back. Mummy said, "They've all been in school together a long time. Give them time."
Mollyhoo stepped over a log. "What they didn't tell you in that temple of yours?" She shook her head. "The tribunal that presided over my 'trial' wouldn't shut up about how Sarpeidon the Great, glorious leader of the Fenisal race, was sending us back through the Atavachron to the dawn of time to the doom of my pestilential vermin race. You know, basic Fenisal prejudice with an extra bit of crazy because Sarpeidon's well… not exactly well hinged."
"That is not the main plot of the play," said Sherlock mutinously.
The next morning, she woke up to find that he'd used all of Sarabeth's blowing tubes – she hadn't been too happy about that at first – and used the kiln to melt the candlestick down and make a primitive still, which… alcohol was a wonderful preservative. Disinfectant. Flammable. There were so many uses Mollyhoo literally cried when she saw it. He'd even made a several farming implements from what was left.
His heart thundering, he kept going.
"I'm glad you agree. Which means that since my contract has already been fulfilled, I'm free to take this ship and everyone on it to sell for the best price possible and as it happens I have a standing buyer anytime I come across Human Augments."
The sounds behind the door abruptly stopped. John whispered, looking at his tricorder, "It's Human. We should,"
Her collar was scanned multiple time at multiple gates. She did her best to still her antennae. But none seemed to question whatever identity they read from it. The collar did an excellent job of hiding her com.
It should be fine.
"Then it is time to return," boomed the Guardian. Two steps and they were back in the ruined plaza again.
Then he got to sweep John off to a life of luxury. It was the most fun that Sherlock had ever had in this scenario. Getting to dress John in beautiful clothes. Getting to play at seducing him while taking him to opulent locations. There was, interestingly, some sort of superficial moral lesson about sharing his wealth with the masses amid all the exotic seduction.
Kara said, "Can't. In. No out."
"Sure," said Connor, because Connor always said yes when she asked that sort of question.
"Only for the last twenty years," said the Lieutenant. "The retention policy has us purge access records older than that."
Connor thought about it. He thought about all the things they'd been through. "I guess I didn't end up helping much to convince Grandfather to stop kidnapping people just because they're sort of related to him."
"The timeline had been restored," said the Guardian. "I have returned you to the moment that you left."
Sherlock turned away to glare up at Mount Vesuvius, puffing away over the sea side town of Pompeii. "The gods' favor can be fickle."
It was so comforting a thought, and it had been so long a day, that he fell asleep in his comfortable chair as one might fall asleep in a hammock swinging below a tree house constructed by ones grandfather.
She shook her head. Nothing was fine. She was breathing the same air as someone who'd tried to kill her and she'd never see justice for her parents.
FYI: SNPs are pronounced snip. Just in case you want to slip it into a casual conversation.
Watched Connor and Sestre visit the children in Sickbay, and remembered the way Connor had looked coming out of the medical experimentation pits in Colonel Green's castle.
"But if I don't, then I'll never get to hear the end of the story." Euros looked down. Her hair swept over her face. "Please, tell me the end."
Because somehow that had happened.
But he must have done something wrong, because the 6
"No," was John's brief, immediate answer. The invasion continued. Sherlock holding him. There was no way to conceal just how effective an invasion it was. Sherlock was nothing but the very definition of observant.
"I'm sorry, Commander Hudson, but we just can't find the source of the energy. It's as if the entire planet is suffused with it, but there's no clear source," said Winters giving off waves of worried thoughts.
While Sh'Alaack had been taken to a psychiatric facility. Sherlock had cut off the Detective, who'd insisted that sometimes the results of childhood trauma could take years to manifest.
Sherlock had made a study of John's appearance at every age with assistance from John's mother. John was not practically seventeen, which made him practically eighteen.
"But, but, but, you knew that." She clapped. "This is wonderful. I'm the only one here with any science background and that's mostly about things that kill or don't kill people. Speaking of which I umm… I hope you have strong intestinal tracts. The past is made of diarrhea. Not literally, but close. Sorry, it's just no one came through after we all arrived. Given the way the time dilation works, I didn’t think anyone could come through unless it were hundreds of years later or earlier. Wait, what are you holding?"
John wriggled in the bed. "Read me a story. I want to hear the story of the naughty Sugar Baby whose Sugar Daddy neglected him." John had written it a few years ago after Sherlock had forgotten him while researching some sort of vampire bubbles.
Sometimes he jumped up suddenly restless. Needing to solve something.
It was never Sherlock's intention as he drifted back to sleep beside John to initiate coupling in the morning. He intended enabling him to get to his shift on time. But when John – his husband – opened his eyes, beautiful blue, and kissed him, their mouths rank with the night and Sherlock could not have cared less, it was inevitable that Sherlock would follow him into the shower.
Lunch felt impossible. Everyone seated together at tables. He'd memorized everyone's names, but he didn't know anyone.
"Where?" yelled Sherlock as he picked up Finney and jumped out the window onto the next roof. He ran at first wildly away, and then in the direction Finney told him.
From behind him, someone yelled, "Ambassador!" just as there was a small explosion under Sirok's chair. The ambassador was flung forward. His staff members were thrown to the sides.
Redbeard shook his head. "No. She's evil. She's the villain. She killed Bloody Hands."
John.
"Oh," said Wiglaf.
"I care," said not-Sherlock in a very soft voice. He knelt in one graceful move at John's feet. Shuffling closer and close. "I care very much." He rested his head against John's belly. His scent so familiar and just as lovely as always. "I'm sorry. You've always said you love it when we copulate on the throne for everyone to see. You always said it was your very favorite thing. When everyone sees you ride me like I'm your," he swallowed, his lovely voice dropping even lower, "favorite stallion and you’re the Human. When you're in charge and not a single one of them clever enough to see what’s happening in front of their very eyes."
One of the Breen said in that high electronic voice, "You need not be concerned."
He looked at his children. Talking amongst themselves and thought, "It's good."
"Fuck this," said John. "This is wrong and you know it or you'd be talking with more conviction than a limp noodle. Or is this how Augment… what do you call yourselves Augment Superiors, is this how you get all your spouses. Buncha Sabine brides."
They were talking about when they'd been bonded as adolescents with Eshess Sh'Evhaavoss. Their original fourth. Before a shuttle accident ended that future.
John said, "I'll repeat. What the buggery fuck is going on?"
Given a choice between the needs of the many, or the few or the one, they'd been asked what they should chose. The professor took it through the increasing variations on the question. Ending with the philosophical question that as medical professionals to be, if there were eight people who needed organ transplants, and there was a person whose organs could save them, but they’d have to die, was it ethical to kill someone to save eight lives.
Sherlock was watching him. Always watching him. John went into the bunk room in the back and laid down in one of the four bunks. He'd sleep now and get up when someone else wanted to sleep.
John pushed Sherlock's hands away. "It would be a sin to hide the beauty that the gods created. In any case," he winked at him, "now I have to clean you all over again." He moved to sit opposite Sherlock. Tenderly cleaned Sherlock's pale narrow chest with the soft sponge. His slender arms. The bottom of his feet. Small. Pink. Delicate. Flexible. His firm thighs. Spreading them wider and wider, as Sherlock's breath came faster and faster. "And of course, I can't neglect this." He brushed Sherlock's cock with the sea sponge. It was hard again.
Snow Sparkles said, "Although, a cloaking device sounds useful."
"We can carve and paint messages into the rocks. Something simple. The star positions of when we landed and the star positions now. The image of the Atavachron and the Bakerstreet. If the Bakerstreet tracks our shuttle, if the art survives, if the people who built the temple include a reference to it in one of the other buildings, if the crew the Bakerstreet see the art, then they can easily extrapolate when to open the portal and bring us back. We'll just need to be sure to include some fertility figures to ensure that it gets displayed."
There was something too easy about being brought to the very facility where they needed to be and that they'd been kept in a single cell, and that no other groups of Augments had been ordered transferred to Earth, or for that matter Bashir and Odo had not shared their plans – Sherlock's plan involved programming the tricorders to create a feedback loop that would have shut down power in key systems – but John was happy.
