"Out," Sherlock replied curtly.
It was almost comical how quickly Sherlock sat up. John slowly removed Sherlock's dressing gown, leaving a trail of kisses along Sherlock's shoulders, trying to avoid any of the bruised areas.
“About me?”
As he made his way upstairs he heard thrashing and muffed shouts coming from inside the room. He quickened his pace and when he opened the door he saw Sherlock thrashing in his sleep, the sheets tangled all around him. He was shouting 'let him go' over and over again and kept lashing out at an invisible assailant. Another nightmare, though clearly much worse than the one last night.
"And you didn't eat anything."
"I'll let you rest now, but I'll be back tomorrow morning, okay?"
"Woah, woah, woah, Sherlock, wait!" John interrupted, "First of all, I already forgave you for what you did on your birthday, secondly I'm used to the sulking, thirdly-"
"Then what's going on?"
Now that John had Sherlock well and naked under him he couldn’t help but marvel at the detective’s body. He had seen Sherlock partially naked before- he loved to walk around the flat in just a sheet- but this was different. This was Sherlock giving himself over to John. This was Sherlock trusting John Watson with everything that he was.
Lestrade laughed at John's observation. They both knew Sherlock was terrible at staying still for any length of time, much less in a hospital where there was nothing for him to do.
“Well, I’ve already told Lestrade we’d be there, so you have to.”
By the time John was standing up, leaning heavily against Sherlock, Lestrade and his team had finally arrived.
"You love it."
Mycroft eyed the cigarette in his brother's hand critically, not wanting to say anything that might start an argument but wanting to make his displeasure known all the same. "I have a case for you, brother. Thought you might be interested."
He couldn’t help but notice the glimmer in Sherlock’s eyes at the words ‘next time’.
John poured gel over his hands, which he then placed all over Sherlock. He started at the top, massing Sherlock's shoulders for a short amount of time, then slowly moving down the detective's chest and arms. He then crouched down and started applying the shower gel to Sherlock's feet and legs.
"Come in, John," Sherlock shouted as he tried to get his broken arm through his shirt. "Shit, fuck, ow!" he swore, when he jolted his arm too much.
But what he'd felt about the accident was different, more extreme. He'd acted completely out of instinct when he ran forwards and pulled the boy into his arms and out of the way. He didn't even consider the fact that he might himself come to harm, but the sudden realization had hit him when he saw John leaning over him, panic clear in his features. He'd tried to keep his calm and collected manner, his so-called 'doctor mode' but Sherlock saw right through it all. He saw right through it because he knew John, but most of all because he felt the exact same way. He wasn't sure he was going to make it and the thought of leaving John once again was unbearable. He didn't want to think of what John would be like if he died, and he didn't want to leave John. He loved John, and John loved him. It didn't make sense that they should be apart.
After undoing the belt John's hands moved up to the detective's shoulders and slowly travelled down his arms, taking the dressing gown with them. He removed his own trousers and so they both stood in the middle of their room completely naked, their arousal evident.
He snapped his head towards the call of his name to see Lestrade hovering over him with a cup of coffee in his hand, which he prompted John to take.
John cupped Sherlock's face with his hand and kissed him lightly. "I love you too," he replied and slowly pushed inside Sherlock.
“Is he going to be okay?” the woman chirped worriedly from behind Sherlock.
“Close the damn curtains!”
John’s eyes opened slowly but as soon as he saw their hands he must have remembered where he was because he quickly sat up and looked at Sherlock, relief spreading across his face when he noticed his eyes were open. John sat back in his chair, letting go of Sherlock’s hand as he did so. Sherlock tried to hide his disappointment.
John gave a little shiver when Sherlock started doing exactly what he’d just described. He manoeuvred them so that John was once again on top of him with his head on his chest and his arms around him. “How’s this?”
"Same time as always, why do you ask?"
“Hey,” John croaked, and cleared his throat, “how are you feeling, Sherlock?”
"Obviously."
Gently, they pried the boy out of Sherlock’s arms and lay him across his mother. John took a few moments to assess the boy’s condition and confident that he only had a few scrapes, seeing as Sherlock had wrapped himself around the boy so completely that he had barely suffered any damage, he left the boy with his mum and both he and Lestrade turned their attention towards the detective.
Sherlock had been quiet and still for the most part, but when the adverts came on and the telly flashed especially bright he curled up on himself, shutting his eyes tightly, and moaned.
It was thoughts like these that made John realize how special Sherlock was, and how special John must be to him. He had been surprised when Sherlock had first told him he loved him because he never thought Sherlock would admit it to anyone, much less himself, but John had not hesitated to return the sentiment. What was love if not sacrifice, forgiveness and devotion? And hadn't Sherlock sacrificed himself? Hadn't John forgiven him? Hadn't they devoted their lives to one another?
"I'm fine, get off me," he heard Sherlock say, clearly annoyed.
Lauren grabbed the bag valve mask and then kneeled behind Sherlock, tilting his head back while Matt administered the adrenaline. She removed the oxygen mask, and after adding more medication covered Sherlock’s mouth with the new one. She deflated the bag, watching carefully as Sherlock’s chest rose and fell with the delivery.
"Why was that?" It was question John had asked himself over and over again. For someone who took every chance he got to correct people, Sherlock had never once tried to explain the fat that he and John were not actually a couple.
“What?”
"What did you take?" John asked, running his hand over his face in resignation.
With one final burst of energy John thrust in and out of Sherlock with a passion until he felt the detective coming undone beneath him. Sherlock threw his head back even further, exposing his long neck to John who took advantage and started kissing it straight away. Sherlock's release triggered his own and they both rode out the aftershocks together, holding onto one another.
He was infinitely relived that John had said yes and that he hadn’t pushed things too far or too early. John really wanted this for them. And soon after that realisation came the happiness. Looking forward to all the years spent solving crimes by John’s side, looking forward to all the time they would spend together, all the things they would do.
After showering, getting dressed and having breakfast, after John text him reminding him to do so, he went downstairs and knocked on Mrs Hudson's door. She came to the door almost immediately. "What's the matter, Sherlock?"
"I tracked them down again, after I recovered, and contacted the agency. They took care of them." Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown around himself with shaking hands, the results of too much caffeine, too little sleep and frayed nerves. "It was my fault, John. If I'd known there were two of them, if I'd paid attention, none of that would have happened."
A small, tight smile appeared on John’s face and he tried to reciprocate it, but the comfort of having him there and the pull of unconsciousness was too strong and so Sherlock drifted off once again.
At that moment Mycroft walked back in with a nurse and Sherlock's doctor. "That's something to be discussed, brother dear."
Finally John slumped down on top of Sherlock, completely spent. He felt like he wouldn't be able to move his body for a good few hours, which was perfectly fine by him as he didn't intend to go anywhere.
"Sherlock," he whispered, sounding haggard. "How about we do this later, you need to eat. I brought you breakfast."
"How does that feel?" Sherlock asked as he continued kneading John's muscles.
“Yeah,” Lauren replied, “he needs steroid as well, this isn’t going to be enough.”
John walked over to the oven and took out a delicious looking lasagna. "You did all this by yourself?"
He only managed a curt nod before he heard John and the doctor approaching in the doorway, but Lestrade seemed satisfied.
He put his hand out and started stroking the detective’s face. “Sherlock, what’s the matter?”
"Are you going to get in then?" he asked, seeing as Sherlock was still standing outside the shower holding the curtain open.
"John?"
"Sherlock!" John called out as Sherlock walked out of the room.
"As if you didn't do that on purpose." It wasn't the first time that they had left marks on the others body, but John had no way of hiding this one. Sherlock's hips were often marked with John's fingers, as were his thighs but then John could never resist marking Sherlock's pale skin.
“I know, John. I know,” Sherlock replied. Little did John know what Sherlock was truly worried about. But the detective was glad to know that his proposal would come as a surprise, John definitely wasn’t expecting anything at all.
Sherlock simply nodded, still trying to put all the facts together.
"Yes," Sherlock admitted rather shyly. He had been planning this for a few days, as a way to show John how grateful he was for looking after him, and as a way for them to spend a pleasant evening. "Happy Valentine's day."
"Shit. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he pleaded as he kissed Sherlock softly in the temple, "I was just so worried about you when I didn't see you, why did you go there?"
"Oh." he was slightly taken aback. He wasn't expecting that answer at all. Perhaps something about murder or strange experiments that fascinated Sherlock, but definitely not him. John was about to ask him what about him when he felt Sherlock shift. The detective was now laying on his front, still draped half over John, and was staring intently into his eyes.
The memory suffocated him and he took a swig straight from the bottle, not even bothering to pour himself a proper drink. After taking a few more angry sips he wiped the tears from his eyes- when had he started crying? - and walked over to the mantel where the skull was placed. He took out the packet of cigarettes he had hidden there for Sherlock, took one out and brought it to his lips. He didn't condone smoking, much less when Sherlock did it, but there were times when smoking a cigarette was a preferable outcome to what Sherlock Holmes would otherwise to do himself.
It was clearly what she needed to hear. She finally looked up at him and smiled widely, "Oh, that's good to know and I just didn't want to impose when I came here. Like I said, I just wanted to make sure you were alright. Maybe I should leave now." She grabbed her bag and was about to get up when Sherlock's arm shot out and grabbed her wrist.
“Is he alright?” Lestrade asked, “Honestly?”
John smiled down at the detective. He knew exactly why Sherlock was asking him to stay and he couldn't argue that Sherlock's presence would also be helpful in keeping his own dreams away. "I would, Sherlock, but I don't know if you've noticed but you have a chest tube coming out of your body."
“It’s what I’m here for.”
Sherlock looked affronted by the ultimatum, but recognised that maybe not eating for three days was a bit not good.
"John, perhaps you could give me a hand?"
He was so helpless, so useless. He couldn't stop Harry from drinking. He couldn't stop Sherlock from dying. And now he couldn't stop himself from falling apart.
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” John asked.
"How are you feeling though, Sherlock?" Lestrade asked, "You didn't look so good on the way here."
"Sherlock, what have you done to John this time? Hopefully you didn't get him kidnapped again."
"I love you," John said, as Sherlock planted a final soft kiss on his lips and returned to his spot on John's shoulder, utterly content.
Sherlock just looked down, avoiding looking John in the eye. He knew what he would see there; pity, disapproval, and worst of all disappointment.
"Look at what I'm doing and make a deduction. Honestly, John, do you use your brain at all?"
Sherlock nodded. “I trust you.” He slowly pulled his knees apart from one another, fully exposing himself to John.
"You didn't let Mrs Hudson fuss, so I'm doing the fussing, alright?"
Where the hell was he? JW
Sherlock pulled the dressing gown open to reveal the scar on his left side. For the first time John allowed himself to scrutinize it, free in the knowledge that Sherlock had no problem with him seeing it. He ran his hand over it gently, assessing the work that had been done to save Sherlock when John was unable to do so himself.
They had gone the long way around back to the flat, and John was satisfied with an anniversary well spent. There had been no emergency calls or cases, which was surprising, but a welcome reprise. He had a sneaky suspicion that Sherlock had ensured they would be left alone.
"You've got such a gorgeous body, Sherlock."
John closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. He took a deep breath before opening them again. He walked over to Sherlock’s chair and kneeled down between the detective’s legs. “I’m not going to tell you how worried that makes me. And I’m not going to tell you how much of an idiot you are for ignoring your body’s needs. What I will tell you though, is that next time I find out you haven’t eaten at the very least one proper meal in the day, and let me assure you I will know, you will sleep, alone, on that sofa for a whole week.”
He’d never been a violent person- aside from that one time he threw a man out the window, but he’d had his reasons- but whenever someone tried to hurt the ones he loved he couldn’t control the anger and let it out until he was sure they weren’t going to cause any more trouble.
Lestrade looked down at Sherlock's sleeping form, taking in all the wires and machines that helped keep him alive. The last two days had been awful. On one hand he was worried about Sherlock and whether or not he would make it through, on the other he was worried about John, who looked just about ready to keel over. He hadn't left Sherlock's side since day one and had barely slept or eaten, all behaviours that he usually chastised Sherlock for.
“I take it you’re feeling better,” John said after they broke apart.
Even though John thrived on the rush of adrenaline provided by their cases he was more than happy with the calm that had settled over 221B.
But Sherlock didn’t have time to finish, though John had a pretty good idea what he was about to say when the detective leaned over the toilet and started vomiting.
John wasn't entirely convinced but didn't question him further. However, the strange evasions continued the next day.
John started telling him stories about Afghanistan. He told Sherlock about all the people he'd met and all the places he'd seen. He described the heat of the desert, the hours of watching, waiting for anything to happen, and then the adrenaline rush of battle. He painted a picture with his words and Sherlock found himself captivated. Concentrating on John's voice and his gentle touch he slowly slipped into unconsciousness.
"Fine," he huffed, and went back to sleep.
Sherlock shook his head and smiled at John. “Nothing, I’m fine.”
He was still looking out the window when he felt John come up behind him. The doctor wrapped his arms around the detective's waist and pressed himself closer. Sherlock took one last drag of his cigarette before stubbing it out on the outside of the window ledge and throwing it out the window. He then twisted himself around, his back to the open window, and wrapped his arms tightly around John's neck. He put his head on John's shoulder.
He hadn’t planned anything overly complicated. He was nervous enough as it was, there was no point in making more trouble for himself. Even so, he thought he’d planned a pleasant day, hopefully one that John wouldn’t forget.
“Would you like me to remind me?”
"You're home late," Sherlock said as he got up. John nudged him in the direction of the stairs but Sherlock started resisting. "Wait, wait!"
To say that he was shocked when Sherlock came in to the very same pub was an understatement.
“I’m always quiet.”
"Of course."
"I'm fine, Mrs Hudson. Sherlock's still asleep, but he's going to be okay."
“Just hmm, just a little something I bought for you.” John stood up and retrieved a large rectangular box from his chair and handed it over to Sherlock who was standing there looking stunned at the offering. “Sherlock?”
"Today, as soon as you left for work, but Mrs Hudson gave me some cooking lessons last week," he admitted.
John woke up to the shrilling sound of his phone cutting through his dreams. He immediately jumped up in bed and answered it.
He went downstairs to see who was at the door and was surprised to see Mycroft. Sherlock hadn't actually visited his brother yet but the newspapers and a well-placed text by John had informed Mycroft that his brother was back at Baker Street.
“That feels so good,” Sherlock moaned. His legs felt like jelly and he was slightly concerned about how well they would hold him up if John kept going. So he grabbed hold of John’s hair and pulled lightly, guiding John’s lips up to his own once again.
He took his shoes and jacket off and placed them on the floor, then walked towards the bed and settled himself slowly next to the detective, trying not to wake him up. He maneuvered himself so that he was also beneath the blanket but not quite touching Sherlock. This would just have to do for now. In the morning they would talk about everything left unsaid. Sherlock owed him an explanation and John owed it to himself to try and work out the complicated mess of feelings he felt for his friend.
. Sherlock was looking strangely uncertain but John wrapped his arms around the detective anyway, capturing him in a long overdue hug, and soon he felt him return the pressure. He had no idea how much time had passed but he didn't care. Neither one of them was willing to let go now that they were together again. John felt his chest fill up with joy. In the warmth of the embrace he started to feel the alcohol tugging him into unconsciousness. He felt himself drifting off in the arms of the detective, and he thought he heard Sherlock whisper something, just three little words, but in his haze he couldn't make out what they were.
"I'm pretty sure the intent is there, Sherlock, but things happen, people change, I suppose. I'm not making excuses for them, much less for murder, but not everything works out the way people expect it to."
"Why don't we go up to your room, like always?"
"The case, John! The case, the thrill of the chase, everything! Oh, how I've missed it."
He left the ice pack on for a few more minutes before removing it and bringing the covers up to Sherlock's chest. He ran his hands through the detective's curls and kissed the top of his head before leaning back on his own pillow.
It was clear that Lestrade wasn't convinced, but John breathed out a sigh of relief when detective inspector dropped the subject. "So, did you find Sherlock then?" he asked, a note of hope in his voice. He may have seemed sceptical on the phone but it was clear that Lestrade wanted John to be right about Sherlock being alive as much as John did.
"Not going to tell me anything else then?"
"I think it's my turn to take care of you tonight," Sherlock said and then finally took John in his mouth. John bucked his hips forward, moving himself further into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's position made it rather difficult for him to move so John did all the work. He thrust gently in and out of Sherlock's mouth, his hands white from all the pressure he was putting on the headboard. His head was hanging low, looking down at Sherlock, and when their eyes met John had to make a valiant effort not to lose control right then.
"I'm sorry, John. I'm so sorry."
"I am enjoying it, Sherlock, believe me, I am."
She received no response, though he was still breathing. If only just. “Matt, I need the adrenaline. And we need to get him on the floor,” she stated grimly.
"I like to think you keep me in shape," John said, and they both laughed as they made their way upstairs.
“It’s just a migraine, John.”
“Did you see his face?” Lestrade asked, still laughing. “I thought he wasn’t going to move, he looked so shocked.”
"John," Sherlock called out from his position on John's lap, "do you remember when we made plans for my birthday?"
John couldn't prevent a chuckle from escaping. He was so relieved to have Sherlock back, to have him alive in his arms and to hear him talk in his usual gruff and slightly irritated tone that he didn't even care what he was saying. After a few seconds of silence he became serious once again. "I'm glad you're back," he whispered as he gently lay a kiss on the detective's forehead.
"Downstairs. It's bad enough I can't sleep, you shouldn't have to be kept awake because of me."
He saw the detective swallow nervously- now that the tables were turned he wasn't quite as confident- but he didn't seem to object to John's advances. He crawled to where Sherlock was seated in the middle of the bed and tenderly lay him down with his head on the pillow. He then went on to remove the detective's trousers, seeing as his shirt had been previously discarded, and looked up at Sherlock before determining whether or not he should remove anything else.
It was clear that John was unhappy with the plan but he complied anyway. He paced the length of the room over and over again until he felt a buzzing in his trouser pocket; a text from Lestrade.
John grinned, but complied. This time Sherlock was the one who grabbed him and deepened the kiss. Their tongues merged together, hands struggled to find a place to rest and their eyes shut tightly against the floodgate of emotions a simple kiss between them could bring. So many times it had been a reassurance that they were both okay. Whether it was after nearly dying, or an injury, or a nightmare, it had become a big part of their relationship; the need to reassure themselves that they were there, in one piece, and together.
“I’m tired,” he muttered into Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock lifted his hips off the bed to help John and quickly took off his shirt as well. “Everything you need is on the top drawer.”
"Are you alright?" John asked. When Sherlock didn't reply he started to worry. "Sherlock?"
It was then that he heard the heart monitor speed up slightly. John's ears caught the miniscule shift in pace straight away and he looked towards Sherlock. He grabbed hold on his hand and softly called out his name.
"Oh God, Sherlock," he moaned. Sherlock was licking at his length from top to bottom, never actually taking him in, but always touching him. His hand snuck out from where it was trapped and he started ghosting his finger over John's arse.
"You're going home tomorrow, you won't have time to run off anywhere."
The paramedics had just returned to their ambulance after leaving their latest patient at the hospital when their radios went off for their next call. They quickly turned on the lights and sirens and started making their way through the streets of London. They weaved past cars stuck in the incessant traffic, and the careless pedestrians crossing busy roads. Even with a bright yellow truck with shrieking sirens and flashing lights, it was difficult to drive in the heart of the city without a near miss or two.
John was so deep in thought that he didn't notice Sherlock had come into his room. He crouched down and took John's hand in his own and turned a worried look upon him. "Are you alright?"
"No buts. I love you, Sherlock, okay? I love you and I'm here for you and you have no excuse to not talk to me about this. Don't you trust me?"
"Look what you to me, John." he said, with a smile on his face.
“I know, but I want to spread you over the bed and fuck you. And I can’t do that here.”
It seemed John had no choice in the matter. “I’ll see you later then.”
"Sherlock, I'm not going to last much longer."
"I'm afraid you won't be able to leave until the chest tube is removed, Mr Holmes," his doctor said.
The image brought memories from their wedding day back to the forefront of his mind. The jitters, the anxiety, the swell of expectation and finally the moment when he saw Sherlock, elegantly dressed in a suit, tailored to curve around his long, lean body, smiling expectantly up at him. Everything felt just right in that moment. He and Sherlock were about to promise to spend the rest of their lives together. It was something that John had been looking for throughout his whole life, no matter how much he tried to deny it, and now he had the perfect man right in front of him, just as eager and expectant of what lay ahead for them.
That was all the invitation John needed. He lunged forward, wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and dragged him off the bed. His grip on Sherlock wasn’t the best and the detective was squirming against him and they both quickly tumbled to the floor laughing.
If only Sherlock had told him more, if only Sherlock had let him help,
John decided to dispose of his trousers and shirt as soon as they reached the bedroom. He took them off and dropped them on the floor before turning around to Sherlock. “You’re wearing way too many clothes.”
"I love you so much, Sherlock. You know that, don't you?"
Sherlock pouted but acquiesced. He could tell that John was getting impatient as well but cared too much about not wanting to hurt Sherlock that he was not going to skip any of the preparation. Sherlock felt a rush of something warm passing over him. John, despite his usual protestations about Sherlock’s behaviour, truly cared and worried for him. He couldn’t say that about many people in the world.
"Of course, dear. I'll make you something to eat." Mrs Hudson replied, and was already at her door when John managed to get a word in.
"Will do." Lestrade said, as he settled on the seat John had just vacated. "You need to take care of yourself, John. He's going to need you when he wakes up, you need to be there for him."
“Living with you has taught me some wonderful things, John.”
Sherlock had tried to start a number of different experiments, but he found that he had no interest in any of them. Without a case to apply his knowledge to the experiments seemed useless. He had tried composing again, but that was only helpful when he was trying to think, and that required a case. He had finally settled for just playing his violin at all hours. Melancholy melodies were wretched from the strings of his instrument; a reflection of his own state of mind.
“Shall we get back to what we were doing?”
It had been tough the last couple of days for John to watch Sherlock lying motionless in bed with wires and a chest tube protruding from his body. As a doctor he knew that they were necessary, and he knew that Sherlock was going to be okay, but he needed to see him awake. He couldn't stop reliving the moment the car hit Sherlock and all the fear and pain that had gone through him. He thought he'd lost Sherlock for good this time.
Soon enough Sherlock felt himself drifting off. Not only had he not eaten for two days he hadn’t gotten much sleep either. He went to bed every night now, with John, which was a big improvement from the time when he used to spend days on end awake, just taking the occasional nap on the sofa.
Sherlock might be dead, for all he knew. Dead all over again, and this time it would take all of John with him.
The detective nodded encouragingly and John continued to remove his clothing until he was lying utterly naked and completely at John's mercy.
"You're one to talk. Everything that comes out of your mouth is whether a deduction, an insult or sarcasm. Sometimes all three."
When they finally reached the bedroom John threw Sherlock down on the bed and straddled his hips. He covered Sherlock with his own body, careful not to put too much pressure on him, and kissed him. Sherlock grabbed the back on John's neck and deepened the kiss. He felt John moaning against his lips and let go of his neck to bring his hand down to John's trousers where he finally managed to unzip them and started working them down John's hips.
"Then I guess we'll be there."
"Love you too," Sherlock replied, his words slurring slightly and his eyes closing as he fell asleep. He was bone tired, which was annoying seeing as he had spent the last two days essentially sleeping. John, on the other hand, kept his eyes open and chose instead to watch Sherlock sleeping peacefully in his arms.
John complied, confident that Sherlock wouldn't do anything that he didn't want him to. He settled his arms along his torso and closed his eyes again. He didn't know what Sherlock had planned, but he was definitely curious. When he felt something cold and liquid on his back he started to get the picture.
"I've got that case tomorrow, for Lestrade," he hesitated, "It's Sunday and I know you don't have work. Would you come with me, John? It would be most helpful to have you there."
"Good morning," John said, smiling down at him.
“I know, but I just feel so helpless, there’s nothing I can do.”
A lot of promises were made that day, many of which- if not all- had been all but unspoken in their time together already, because they had never needed words to communicate before. They simply knew what the other felt, thought or needed because they knew each other so well, and because deep down, they felt the same, and they understood.
Sherlock was awoken once again by a warm presence behind him. He shifted so that he was laying on his back to find John looming over him.
Sherlock spent the next week idly around the flat. His return had now been revealed to everyone, whether personally or through the large number of papers that had publicized it. He had yet to receive any clients and he was still waiting for Lestrade to get back to him about working with the Yard again which left him with nothing to do all day. The most deducing he had done pertained to John. He was so bored that everyday after John got back from work he tried to deduce what patients he had seen. It wasn't nearly as enticing as a real case would be but it served to keep any dark thoughts away. While John was at work Sherlock usually sat around the flat making an exuberant amount of tea for himself and had taken to the habit of always having one cup ready for John when he got home.
"Yes, in my bedroom."
"I..." he stammered, not wanting to admit defeat, but knowing that John was right to worry and demand he improve his eating habits, "will keep the outcome of this particular instance in mind."
John heated up their meal and they ate it in the kitchen table which was, for once, devoid of experiments or science equipment, though John doubted it would last much longer. They spent some time watching telly afterwards, Sherlock tame and preoccupied with John enough to not complain about the programmes they were watching. While John watched the telly, Sherlock watched him.
“Because that’s how we fell asleep.”
John sighed in resignation and started walking up the stairs. As he was about to thank Mrs Hudson she cut him off.
He finally succeeded in ridding the man of his weapon and ensuring he wasn’t going to cause any more trouble. He pinned his arms together with one hand and in a fit of rage used the other to punch the man so hard he knocked him unconscious.
“Not here,” John replied breathlessly.
“Oh, I don’t know,” she seemed distressed at the thought. “John usually goes. That’s his fiancée, you know!”
They both smiled at the recollection of a former conversation and Sherlock finally opened his eyes. John was staring intently at him, his hand still resting on Sherlock’s cheek. If the perfect moment was ever going to arise Sherlock doubted it would be better than this.
John had always been fascinated to see Sherlock working but it felt so refreshing now. He had watched Sherlock at the crime scene, intently, gaze never lifting from him. Sherlock's eyes darted around the room, taking in every scrap of information, making sense of it all, storing it away for later use, and in the end it all made sense to him. Even if John had seen it done over and over again Sherlock's deductions still baffled him. How he took a single piece of what could be considered trivial information and took it apart, made sense of it, and blurted it all out at top speed whilst still gathering more from the room, from the body, from everything.
John tried to stifle a laugh at the look on Sherlock’s face. The detective looked both annoyed and amused at the same, a very interesting combination. It was clear he wanted to know about the case, but he seemed to want to humour John, so he just let it be.
"I..." John stuttered, "I missed you so much." He felt himself taking slow steps forward until he reached Sherlock. All the while his mind was shouting at him,
"I will," Sherlock conceded.
"You're missing the point. I finally have a case, something to keep my mind occupied," he said. "Though you did a wonderful job earlier as well."
Lauren continuously took Sherlock’s respiratory rate, noting the lengthening gap between each breath and watching for the moment when the next one wouldn’t come at all.
Sherlock replied with a wide grin. "No nightmares," he confirmed.
John pushed him carefully towards the bathroom, guiding him with his hands on his hips. "Get your mind out of the gutter, Sherlock Holmes."
“It’s you and me against the rest of the world.”
“We should go upstairs,” John suggested. He didn’t exactly feel comfortable snogging Sherlock in the hallway. He much preferred doing that in one of their bedrooms.
Sherlock covered John’s hand with his own, lightly rubbing it with his thumb, until finally he grabbed it and placed it over the back of his neck.
Darting one last look in Sherlock's direction, noticing he had closed his eyes and seemed to already be asleep, John closed the door quietly behind him and left.
Sherlock only nodded. He didn't like to admit his weaknesses if he didn't have to, but he knew there was no point in lying to John.
Sherlock shifted under him and John started stroking his fingers softly from his cheekbone down to his jaw, over and over again, trying to sooth him back to sleep before he fully woke up. Even though Sherlock rarely showed it John could tell when he needed sleep, desperately, and today was one of those days. Any other time Sherlock would be up before John, making tea or breakfast or just laying languidly across the sofa. Today, however, Sherlock was still out to the world. John felt himself dozing off again, the quiet and stillness dragging him under and he didn't fight it. He didn't want to move and wake Sherlock up, and there wasn't much else he could do.
"Of course I forgive you, you idiot."
"What's going on?" he asked when he saw John's frantic state.
“That’s not why I was there.” John looked into Sherlock’s eyes, locking their gazes together. “Did you forget?”
Sherlock had been worried at first that he would not be able to convey his feelings for John in an acceptable manner. He'd always loathed sentiment, but perhaps that was because it had never been directed at the right people. He remembered a past conversation with John, "Not much cop this caring lark.", and now realised how mistaken he had been. He hadn't understood back then, the blustering bone-deep need to make sure someone else knew how loved they were, how amazing they were. And John was amazing. And Sherlock did love him. And so he often found himself giving in to sentiment and doing things that were very much unexpected such as making tea for John in the mornings, playing soft melodies on the violin at night when he knew John was trying to sleep or simply going to bed at night to make sure John wasn't alone.
He decided to start his morning routine seeing as nothing would be sorted until Sherlock was up and they could talk. He took his clothes out of the wardrobe and carried them down to the bathroom. After his shower he immediately got dressed and made himself some breakfast. After a quick tidy up around the flat he made two cups of tea.
"No experiments, Sherlock, I've told you. Not until your arm is better."
John gave in, Sherlock’s breathy pleas and quiet moans working at his resolve, and lined himself up before slowly slipping inside Sherlock.
Sherlock’s violin had been kept in its old case in the back of his closet during his absence, and John thought it was time for a new one.
"Good morning," Sherlock said quietly, voice still raspy from sleep.
"What is it, Sherlock?" John sighed. Sherlock had been extremely restless today. After John's promise to provide him with old case files yesterday Sherlock had been asking him every five minutes when he would be getting them.
“It’s alright, Sherlock. Don’t worry, I’m here,” he said as he went back to stroking Sherlock’s back soothingly, “I’m here and I’ll look out for you. It’s not like it was before, you have me now.”
"Oh, okay." John scrambled off the bed and grabbed the sling, carefully setting Sherlock's arm in the right place. "Do you need some painkillers, are you okay?"
It was as though he was reliving that day all over again. He remembered all the sights and smells of the small town, all the people he spoke to, all the places he visited, but most of all he remembered the boy, the flash of silver and the pain.
John wasn't sure whether to be worried or relieved at Lestrade's words. He was infinitely grateful that Lestrade found him, but the circumstances weren't the best. Why was Sherlock on the roof? Lestrade said he just wanted some air but surely there were other places he could go. John knew he was probably overthinking and overreacting but after St. Bart's he didn't want to know about Sherlock on another roof again.
A more forceful shake.
Sherlock's head snapped up. John was looking down at him with a curious expression. Had John been saying something? Sherlock had been so deep in his own thoughts that it was likely he had missed it. "I'm sorry, did you say something?"
“Yeah, you do.”
But once he reached the bedroom he realized how tired he really was. He'd managed to catch an hour or two of sleep between now and the time Lestrade had kicked him out of the hospital, but never much more because he'd been worried Sherlock would wake up and John wouldn't hear him, even though he knew how unlikely that was. He decided to sleep for an hour or so before going back to the hospital, Lestrade was with Sherlock and he would call John if he was needed, he might as well take advantage of the situation.
"I would like a shower," replied Sherlock as he got up off the bed and made his way downstairs, John following close behind.
"You saw but you did not observe." A smile tugged at Sherlock's lips. "Think, John, think."
"Yeah?"
"Okay," replied Sherlock.
His instant acceptance of John's departure showed how tired he really was, and John hoped he would be as accepting of his own needs once they were at home, which would hopefully be very soon. He hated seeing Sherlock lying in a hospital bed connected to all these tubes and machines. He just wanted to take him home and drink tea all day whilst lying in bed or watching crap telly. He just wanted to hold Sherlock in his arms.
He should have known better than to think he could predict life with Sherlock Holmes. His thoughts had vaguely wondered back to marriage after Sherlock’s casual mention. In retrospect it was clear he should have realised there was something strange about that. Sherlock liked to complain about everything, that was never surprising, but it wasn’t often that he asked how John felt about it. He usually assumed John agreed or waited until he voiced his opinion. That time, however, he had asked John rather eagerly, clearly anticipating the response. But John’s mind had missed the strangeness of Sherlock’s behaviour in lieu of the strangeness of the question itself.
"If you wouldn't mind, doctor."
"Sherlock," John replied, in much the same tone. There was no need for words. Their desire was clearly expressed in their voice and their every touch.
He moved forward, clutching his coffee and Sherlock's coat like a lifeline, and turned to the doctor.
When the sickening motion finally settled he felt hands working at him again, the cold latex again his skin, a light shining into his eyes, the pinprick of a needle on his arm. He moaned and tried to swat the hands away but it was useless. He could hear voices around him, comforting him, grounding him, but he still couldn’t make out the words.
"Very well," Mycroft replied, as he turned around to leave the flat, but something stopped him.
After taking the tablets John supported Sherlock as they got back into bed. He lay him down carefully, cushioned his head on the pillow until he was comfortable and then settled down beside him. “How does that feel?”
They were lying in bed, Sherlock on his laptop and John practically asleep when Sherlock interrupted his slumber.
“Surprisingly, yes.”
"Good. Now lie on the bed, stomach down, and close your eyes." He waited a few seconds until he heard the rustling stop. "Have you done it?"
"I'm going to ask John to marry me."
After finishing their respective tasks they settled back on the sofa in the same position as before. John wrapped the ice pack around a towel once again and gently placed it on Sherlock's ribs. The detective hissed slightly when the ice made contact but settle back comfortable on John's lap, his hand resting on the ice pack so that he could control its position.
They finally emerged from the kiss breathing heavily, slightly flushed, and content. Their foreheads touched and their eyes opened and John saw Sherlock grinning widely against his lips. "What are you so happy about?"
Sherlock threw his head back and moaned. He loved the feeling of John’s mouth on his skin, but he didn’t feel like he could wait much longer. They had drawn this out for too long already and he was starting to get a little impatient. “John, I can’t wait much longer,” he groaned.
He should do something. He was a doctor, he could help, but his limbs wouldn't obey him. He couldn't move, he couldn't breathe, he couldn't think. All he could see was the image of Sherlock's lifeless body in front of St. Bart's. But this time there was no well thought out plan and no escape, it was all real. Sherlock had raced forwards and John had been unable to do anything but stand back and watch as he risked his own life for a chance to save the boy's, and now he might not make it.
Currently sprawled across his bed, hidden almost entirely by the blankets he had draped over himself, was Sherlock Holmes.
"What's going on?" John asked.
“Sherlock,” she called out loudly, “can you hear me?”
He knew that if things didn’t improve soon, Sherlock would stop breathing altogether.
"I'll try my best," Sherlock replied.
He snapped out of his daze, blinked a few times and then staring at Lestrade. “What?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise and he scoffed. “You’re asking me if I’m alright? I’m not the one who got smacked in the head with a baseball bat, John.”
"I wanted to have a look at the bruises, if you don't mind, make sure everything's healing nicely," John suggested.
John, being a doctor, knew that rest was the best thing for Sherlock at the moment, but something inside him wouldn't let him rest. Lestrade assumed it was because of what had happened at St. Bart's. Sherlock's death had hit them all hard, but John had suffered the most. Not only because he was the closest to Sherlock but also because he had been there. Sherlock's accident now must have dredged up all those memories and John was on full-alert.
he thought to himself as he pushed Sherlock off him yet again. This time however, Sherlock didn't lunge at him again but instead remained seated with a confident smile on his face.
It was starting to worry him. He knew his mind needed to be occupied, but there was very little that could do that. John usually managed to distract him, but he had work and was only home late in the afternoon, cases seemed like an impossible thing now and the third option was a bit not good. He could see that John was also starting to worry, so much so that he seemed to avoid bringing up the lack of cases and was more lenient with some of the things Sherlock should do, but chose not to even though he was completely unoccupied.
Sherlock was shocked at Lestrade's words. He knew it was true, of course, but he was surprised that Lestrade had voiced them. Perhaps John had been worse off than Sherlock originally thought.
Sherlock told Lestrade everything he knew, everything he'd done and everything Moriarty had said. John had excused himself after making a cup of tea for everyone. He didn't want to listen to this anymore. It was too difficult and was bringing back too many bad memories. Memories he had tried to suppress in his waking hours because they were all he ever saw in his dreams- his nightmares.
"So, who was it then?" John asked, once Sherlock failed to disclose who the culprit was.
John smiled, happy to see Sherlock so excited about something. He'd been back for nearly six weeks and so much had happened. John felt like he needed a month's rest from the excitement, just spending some time solving cases with Sherlock with nothing extraordinary happening, but he knew that was too much to ask for.
He stepped away from the ledge and followed John up to their room.
It erupted from his head, creating a rippling sensation down his body and making him gasp for breath. His lungs were burning and he frantically clawed at his throat, desperate to take in a deep breath, but it was useless.
John stood by nervously as Sherlock slowly pealed the wrapping paper away from the box containing a brand new violin case. He didn’t know what else to get Sherlock aside from possibly some fresh organs, but that was usually Molly’s doing, and he wanted to get him something he could keep.
"Why the hell are you still wearing pants?" John asked.
John simply glared at Sherlock, whose smirk kept growing as John kept grinding his hips looking for friction. John's glare faltered when Sherlock inserted two fingers inside him.
After considering this Sherlock chose to heed Lestrade's advice. "I believe I'm due for another dose of pain medication. Perhaps you could inquire into that."
Sherlock gave an exasperated sigh; clearly he was expecting a bit more, but he didn't want to give his own wanton desire away. "I suppose if there's nothing else you want to do," he shrugged, trying to sound nonchalant.
"It is, Sherlock, but it's going to take a while. Let's get you in the shower," he said as he continued to lead Sherlock towards the bathroom.
Whilst on the phone with Lestrade he had managed to get into a cab and told the cabbie to take him to the Diogenes Club. It was the only place he knew he might find Mycroft and he was hoping he would be there today because John couldn't spend another day away from Sherlock knowing that his friend was alive. All the months he spent alone, trying to get used to living in an empty flat with memories of Sherlock everywhere had been excruciating, but he couldn't bear to move away. He had spent the first week after Sherlock's death with Harry- Mycroft had come by when he returned- but soon the interrogations at Scotland Yard had started and he wanted to go home again. It seemed he always found an excuse not to move away and soon he resigned himself to the fact that he just couldn't because it would be accepting Sherlock's absence, the fact that he was never coming back again, and he couldn't do that to himself.
John fretted while he waited. He prepared his tea and then settled for watching some telly while he waited for Sherlock to reply. Thankfully he didn't have to wait too long.
John rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock's arm carefully so as to not aggravate his injuries. "You really need to get some rest now, Sherlock. The quicker you recover the quicker we can go home. Do you need anything?"
“What-” he started to ask, but cut himself short as soon as he saw the look on Sherlock’s face. He looked mortified.
"Why would I need to know what time you're working to do an experiment?"
"John!" he shouted out.
Mrs Hudson, who was still on the phone with a frantic John, couldn’t keep a whimper from leaving her mouth as she watched Sherlock being pulled onto the floor, dragging a litany of wires with him. The machine beeped incessantly now, Sherlock’s saturation levels having long since dipped below normal, even with the oxygen he was being provided.
"What exactly are you complaining about now?" John asked.
“Have you bought your boyfriend a gift yet then?”
The second time had been after shouting at John when he’d tried to get Sherlock to talk about his nightmares. It had always been something Sherlock had found difficult to talk about, even when he was younger, and he had felt suffocated. He's run off into the night and done the most stupid thing he could think of, something he thought would help, and something John had explicitly asked him not to do. When he returned home he felt guilty not only for his actions but so very regretful of the pain it had clearly caused John; John who, regardless of his anger, had chosen to help Sherlock struggle through the effects nonetheless.
When Sherlock finally emerged from the bedroom John noted that he wasn't wearing any trousers. When he moved closer and moved the dressing gown aside he noticed that Sherlock wasn't wearing a pyjama top either. Conclusion, he was whether naked under the dressing gown or had only put on his pants.
Without needing to be told twice the detective went back to sleep, nuzzling John’s neck from behind.
John did as he was told and when he reached the bedroom he got dressed in his pyjamas and waited for Sherlock to come back. He'd been enjoying the massage but he was reluctant to ask Sherlock for help so he just lay down in bed and tried to get comfortable.
Sherlock weakly shook his head. “It did… at first,” he puffed out painfully, finding it frustrating that he couldn’t communicate. “N-not anymore… though.”
"Okay," John drawled out, "I was just thinking yours is a lot closer."
It had been strange at first to share a bed with Sherlock, but now John could honestly say he had never been happier. From the moment they met the detective had intrigued him, but John daren't push their relationship any further after Sherlock told him he was married to his work. But as the months went on their resolve to deny their feelings for each other started to crumble. Sherlock had come to rely on John more and more, and John found that he couldn't hide his emotions as well as before, and Sherlock was, as always, extremely observant. He noticed John's longing looks, the lingering touches and he found himself wishing John would stop denying them what they both so clearly wanted. And so one day after a particularly exciting case Sherlock had finally given in and pinned the doctor against the wall of their hallway and fervently kissed him, hoping he hadn't misread the signs. As always, his observations had been accurate and so John and Sherlock became what others had already deemed them for a long time; a couple.
“I didn’t realise.”
"I'm thinking."
“Yes, you do.”
"What do you want, Mycroft?" he asked, trying to prevent any vulnerability from seeping into his tone.
“Yeah?”
"What's wrong?" he asked, slightly panicked.
, she thought.
"About..?" John encouraged.
"Hello, Molly," he said as he opened his eyes.
"Masterful deduction, Sherlock."
Sherlock, ever the master of disguise, had been able to keep John in the dark in regards to his birthday party. When the day finally came Sherlock got up early and made breakfast which he took up to their bedroom and delivered to a sleepy John. The rest of the day was spent mostly kissing, cuddling and lazing about the flat.
Lauren nodded towards Matt, and after they had swapped places she printed off a strip of paper from the machine. “His heart is holding up for the moment. What’s his GCS, John?”
"Should be here any minute now."
"Not if you keep doing that you're not," John said, worried that Sherlock would dislocate something. "You know you really should go to physiotherapy, right?"
"Just please, next time tell someone."
"You're joking, right?"
"Let him be, dear. I think Sherlock needs some time to think and clear his head."
After about ten minutes Sherlock finally came back into the living room. He had taken off his shoes and suit jacket and was looking rather warm.
Sherlock looked up when he heard John. There was something in his voice. Sherlock tried to deduce what it was but John’s expression gave nothing away. He cleared his throat nervously. “Of course, you are a doctor after all.”
John dipped his head down slightly to kiss Sherlock, telling him he understood and would be there for him whenever he needed him, forever. “You’re welcome.”
“Calm down, alright?” John said, though he completely understood why Sherlock was getting impatient. He thought for a second before finally remembering. “I think we left it in the bathroom last night.”
Sherlock and John burst through the door of 221 Baker Street, Sherlock clutching John’s face between his hands and John trying not to drop the keys.
Sherlock could hear the conversations going on around him, but didn’t have the energy to react to them. He felt detached from the whole thing, unable to communicate and barely able to comprehend what was going on. He could hear the worry in poor Mrs Hudson’s voice as she spoke to one of the paramedics, asking questions they didn’t have the answers to. On the few occasions when he could keep his eyes open, he could see the concentration masking worry on Lauren’s face.
John’s eyes snapped open just in time to see Sherlock looming over him. He looked scared. His muscles were tense, his lower lip was trembling and his eyes were watery.
Deciding not to dwell on it anymore he walked back upstairs and brought their dinner over to the living room. He turned the telly on and ate silently after placing Sherlock’s plate in front of him, but the detective made no move towards it. “Sherlock, your food’s ready.”
"John!" Sherlock called out from his position on the sofa.
He carried out his morning routine quickly and efficiently. A military efficiency brought out by finally having a goal in his life. Deciding that a shower would be first he made his way to the bathroom and took off him rumpled clothes. After turning the water on he jumped in the shower. The warm water cascading down his body did wonders for his aching muscles and he could feel himself relax. It calmed him somewhat and allowed him to organize his thoughts. He needed a plan of action.
"Of course it's a bloody rhetorical question, come here," John said as he motioned for Sherlock to lay his head on John's lap.
Sherlock collapsed back on the sofa, his head resting back at an uncomfortable looking angle. John carefully stood up, tucked Sherlock back in and wrapped the dressing gown firmly around him. Sherlock was still out to the world, eyes closed, lips parted, limbs spread over the sofa.
Getting changed wasn't as much trouble as it had been at the hospital seeing as Sherlock decided he was going to sleep in his pants, something John thought would be rather distracting- which was quite possibly why Sherlock did it. They curled up under the covers, Sherlock fighting to find a comfortable position that didn't aggravate any of his injuries too much and finally settled on lying straight on his back with John resting his head on Sherlock's pillow and their hands interlocked over the covers.
John somehow managed to climb onto the bed without disturbing Sherlock or any of the apparatus he was connected to. He laid his arm across the pillow and Sherlock shuffled under it, laying his head on John's shoulder and holding John's free hand.
Lestrade nodded, “As long as he’s okay.” He seemed to hesitate for a moment, hand on the doorknob but still. “Are you alright? I know it must have been tough.”
He vowed to himself to be more careful from now on. If one small concussion could bring his mind down with worry he couldn’t imagine what John would have felt like when he was in his position.
"I finally tracked him down to a small town and went to confront him. I thought it would be simple. I would find him, take him to the... agency I'd be working with, and then I'd be free to go after the rest of them, but it wasn't. I got my own room and surveyed him, learned his habits so I could go after him."
Their lips met once again in a quick kiss and they wrapped their arms around each other, John's chin resting on Sherlock's head which was lying against John's chest. After a brief squeeze they detached themselves, Sherlock sitting back on his heels on the bed.
"Oh, thank God," Lestrade breathed. It was unnerving seeing Sherlock so still.
"I think we've waited long enough," John replied and saw Lestrade nod his understanding. "I'll go get Sherlock, I'm sure he'll be able to explain things to you better than I am."
Wait. John quickly thought back to last night when he and Sherlock had left the living room after their quick nap. They had each put their pyjamas on before finally going to bed, so why exactly was Sherlock so wrapped up? Deciding to explore this peculiarity for himself John climbed onto the bed and straddled Sherlock. He placed his hands on his shoulders and slowly pulled the sheets down, noticing that no shred of fabric was forthcoming. At some point during John's absence Sherlock must have disposed of his clothing. It was unlikely that he had felt too hot given the fact that he was currently cocooned in bed. It was equally unlikely that he was uncomfortable because he had only just disposed of his pyjamas. John's conclusion was that Sherlock was trying to tell him something, and so he nuzzled Sherlock's hair and ran his hands up and down the detective's now exposed body.
“Yes,” John replied, “keep doing that.” He held himself over Sherlock with one hand and pushed his own trousers and pants further down his legs, giving Sherlock more room to work with.
John couldn’t get those words out of his own head. But what really shocked him was how casual Sherlock sounded. As though there was no question that John would be there. Whether in reality or in Sherlock’s head, John would always be by his side.
"I would never to such a thing."
Sherlock exited the room and closed the door behind him. He walked cautiously down to the main flat until he reached the kitchen where he knew John had hidden the bottle of whisky he had drunk on Sherlock's birthday. He took a swig straight from the bottle and felt it burn a path down his throat. It felt good, and he finally got a glass out of the cupboard and poured himself a drink. He took shot after shot, trying to numb the pain he felt, both physical and emotional. If John knew he would probably tell Sherlock that he should talk about it, and that was one of the reasons why he didn't want to, because if anyone could get him to talk, it was John.
“Would you like some tea?” Sherlock asked, looking down at John. He had been enraged when John had been taken down, but now that he knew he was going to be okay Sherlock went into his caring mode. It wasn’t often it was required, but there had been a time or two when John had needed him,.
Sherlock gave him a disbelieving look. "I doubt even you could help."
"Of course," Sherlock replied, shocked that John even felt the need to ask the question.
He kissed Sherlock’s lips, lingering with very little space between them after pulling away. “I’m right here.”
