Sherlock gasps and cries out and falls back to sleep, a few tears falling from his eyes and rolling down John’s chest.
Sherlock follows close behind, stopping on the landing to watch John stomp downstairs.
“Nurse!” bellowed Sherlock.
“I’d think you’d be more than well-acquainted with my arse by now.”
Sherlock turns to look towards the loo, hoping to see Jim come out, and so he misses the group of women that walk in. He only looks towards the bar when the boys around him start to moan and make silent cat-calls.
Sherlock leans against the glass and crosses his arms over his chest, curls up into a ball like an insecure child.
“What, so he makes it happen like when someone books a holiday? They call him up and he makes sure the thing gets done?”
After John.
“Not my favourite either.”
It’s Harry and Clara’s bed, their marriage bed, bought the day after the wedding. John doesn’t want to think about it, that he’s sleeping on Clara’s ghost when he’s still trying very hard to exorcise it out of Harry’s life. So he moves in closer to his sister, wraps his arms round her. Harry sighs.
Jim whistles a light tune with his face up to the starlit sky.
The command comes so suddenly John has no time to react. He staggers forward, trips on the sheet and lands on Sherlock and the pile of bedclothes waiting for their turn of whipping-pulling-folding on the floor.
The dummy is blue and green and has a picture of a ladybird on it. It is wet with saliva, gleaming in the summer sun like the most valuable jewel. Even the child’s hand is wet to the wrist. He must suck on it when he doesn’t have his dummy handy. Sherlock can see his first milk tooth peeking out. Clearly his parents are trying to wean him off.
Meaning that John saw him blush as well. Damn!
Doctor Mortimer swirls around, then goes behind her desk to press a button.
He goes back to swiping the box and John returns to his blog.
The university café is full of students, drinking coffee and tea, eating hurried lunches before running off to lectures, chattering over laptops and notebooks, writing, reading, laughing, snorting, coughing. Living.
John has forgotten to comb it this morning, and when he brushes his arm against his forehead, the fringe sticks up with suds stuck to it.
“You do not want to know who you will be working with?”
“My signature ensured that I wouldn’t,” he answered eventually.
Sherlock returns the smile, surprised at how easy it comes.
the killer must be and how
“It is not all about the sex, Sherlock. It’s giving yourself to someone who you hope will stay and will give as much of themselves to you as you are giving of yourself to them. But I wouldn’t assume you understand since you don’t
Outside, the police are finally doing their job by scattering the crowd, somehow keeping quiet at the same time. The man pulls himself back in and gives Sherlock a dazzling smile.
Usually this tone would have been awarded with a dazzling smile from any of the other nurses, even Nurse Ford, but now she glanced behind herself and leaned in to whisper, her voice hurried and far from flirty,
John glances up from the several pieces of Vincent’s jaw he has found.
“You scared?”
He hopes it sounds as sincere as he means it.
Returning to the pool, he finds John collapsed against the wall and breathing like someone having a panic attack. Sherlock paces back and forth the deck, almost missing the question of worry he never hears, answering it with the expected idiom, stops to choose his next words more carefully.
John snorted his coffee through his nose, laughing into his palm. Despite himself, Sherlock smiled as well.
, a tattered and dog-eared book that had been bought and kept hidden for over a decade. The pages were scrunched up, even torn in places. It had been read in secret, in a hurry, stuffed in pockets when the reader’s peace was disturbed, the top corners bent from lack of proper bookmarks.
John stands next to him and picks up the broken plate.
“This is all very well and flattering, Mr Hartley, but I can’t understand what could be so special about me that would make him jump at the chance of having me.”
“Sherlock?” John calls from the bedroom.
He could not see them because of the tarpaulin covering the back of the car, but knowing that things so valuable to his work were packed back there with the rest made him uneasy. Anything could fall on them or crush them, and then he would be without any means of contacting the base or from detecting enemy planes. Which, to be quite honest, was not such a bad idea. Mycroft had seen right through him and warned him that if he dared so much as go near the equipment with anything sharp, metallic or something that spit fire, he would ensure that Sherlock would spend the rest of the war in Wales. But if the equipment were to be damaged by accident…
“This,” John presses Sherlock’s hand more firmly against his heart.
His hand goes to his hair again.
Sherlock coughs up his tea.
“My crotch is not your personal heater,” John crumbles and takes his book from the bedside table. Anything to distract himself from Sherlock’s icy fingers that are exploring his waist. “You are welcome to use my bed if it makes you feel better, but keep your frosty body parts away from my private bits.”
“Your legs...” he says softly.
“372 days.”
Sherlock jumps, clearly having forgotten someone else is in the room.
So he avoids them, drags his tongue and hands and one time his toes over every bit of skin but the few inches in the middle of John’s pectorals. He doesn’t draw attention to this, makes sure John doesn’t notice. Though somewhere at the back of his brain he probably does and is grateful. Sherlock doesn’t want him to be self-conscious when they’re touching, no more than he already is about the scar, his wrinkles that increase every year with age, or his belly that has grown slightly softer and which Sherlock loves and makes sure to pepper extra kisses on when they are in bed.
papers before even beginning his thesis. He has an interview with Shad Sanderson next week.”
Lestrade, with deep lines covering his forehead, briefs them about the victim the next morning at the Yard. Sally Donovan gives Sherlock an even dirtier look when they arrive this time.
John had never hunted. His father and uncle were both soldiers, not hunters, and his mother had taught him to respect every living thing equally. The birds and rabbits, the occasional fox, had maintained their distance like wildlife always did, some of them inspecting him curiously while others ignored him or ran away. He had never come across an animal so terrified of him that it could not move from its fear of him.
“What’s wrong?” he asks softly.
Sherlock had seen his chance and taken the opportunity to use John’s moment of sniffing to grasp his arms and was now trying to bend him back down on the cot.
Sherlock’s return to Baker Street seems to stretch and stretch because of all the relatives that need to be said goodbye to (as he explains in the short text that has more typos John has ever seen in a text). It’s close to midnight when John finally hears the lock click downstairs, the door open and close slightly louder than necessary. and heavy footsteps making their way upstairs.
“Thank you,” John says.
Sherlock turns around angrily and snarls,
“I don’t see your name written on it.”
Another glass flies, this time towards his chest.
It is a beetle, a perfectly ordinary beetle. Well, you would think it was, if you knew nothing about beetles.
She goes to the door,
Sherlock looked at him, eyes full of fear.
He starts to babble to Lestrade, walks away, eyes glued to John, tosses the shock blanket into the nearest police car. John greets him with a soft smile and an even softer chuckle.
She wants him to play the violin at the wedding and sing in the small choir in the church.
“I was exaggerating, John. There is no way we are spending more than maybe two here.”
He remembers the little incident years later in the quiet of his office at the Diogenes Club. He sighs deep and throws a folder on several photographs of mugshot-like pictures of mental institution patients, detailed notes on their participation in a drug experiment, their autopsy reports and a group photo of scientists, one of whom is wearing a grey jumper with a picture of a giant dog on it, its mouth open and fangs gleaming.
He almost breaks the phone when he throws it on the table.
“I arrived last night,” Jim announces when he returns with a towel round his shoulders, bathrobe open. He walks to his suitcase and rummages around.
“It’s a drugs bust!” he announces cheerfully.
She patted away again. Sherlock watched her walk away, almost yelling after her that him being himself was probably the worst thing anyone could hope to see the first time they woke up from a surgery they had had to endure after going through the experience of getting shot by a paranoid-schizophrenic murderer.
“There’s someone in the forest,” John whispered, unnecessarily, his voice like a scream in the silence.
“War! It’s just a way to allow adults to play children’s games and blow up others just for the hell of it.”
“I read his paper too,” Sherlock pushes another piece across the board, eating Victor’s bishop on the way. “Derivative drivel.”
“I’m not sure if you can do that.”
“What is it with you and this sofa anyway?”
“Absolutely not.”
“Would you like to try some toddy?” he teased the child. She giggled and grasped his cheeks with her tiny hands. He laid her in his arms and took the rattle offered by Mrs Kovács. The baby cooed in delight and stretched her fingers towards the toy.
Sherlock avoids Jim’s gaze and writes down another long note on a pane already so full he has to continue over another scribble apparently less important.
John yips when Sherlock’s hands grab his ankles, pull him down on the chair so he is lying on his back on it and squeeze his denim-covered buttocks.
John looks disbelieving.
The next time around he looks at him like you look at a child, with affection and a soft sigh. Then comes amusement, with a drop of banana yoghurt on Sherlock’s nose, and John plans all morning to let it stay there but pity takes a hold when they are leaving to meet Lestrade on a crime scene.
“Ah, yes, of course.”
Moriarty’s expression doesn’t change but his tone feigns surprise.
“That’s amazing!”
“You check the papers, I’ll look online,” he says, attempting cheeriness.
still on it, but we are making quite adequate progress.”
John stops midway of standing up.
Ah, now John is angry too. Seems like he will be getting his row in the end.
Then he turns to Irene and Harriet.
“Hey, Holmes!” Victor yells from the door while tugging off his coat. “Who’s winning - you or you?”
“Jim, you have been a good friend and a great enemy. I don’t really know which one I am more grateful for. But I won’t be talking to you again.”
John laughs, then sniffs.
“You went on the tube like that?” John asks.
John’s head jerks up.
“Then what even is the point of you?” Sherlock snarls.
Behind him, Mycroft turns to look at John. Sherlock can see them from the reflection in the glass.
He allows her to use the shower and dress herself in his dressing gown. He allows her to flirt with him in the hopes that it will get the passcode out of her. For a moment he thinks he has succeeded with the fake phone in her hand and the look of surprise on her face. But no. She is even cleverer than that, actually rather good, he has to admit.
“Lestrade’s should be the safest,” Sherlock pants hurriedly. “We would be endangering him as well, but he is a policeman, he knows what he is doing, he has a gun, several, if I’m not mistaken he can protect you stop throwing the clothes please John ---“
Then he smiles.
An organisation? One man, or perhaps two? Has to be more than one. A single man cannot possibly fund a serial killer. Though a single man might, a single man crazy enough to enjoy death and havoc he himself cannot cause.
John doesn’t reply but moves back slowly.
Beginnings are never easy. Even Sherlock Holmes knows this. It doesn’t mean he will give just anyone the chance to even try and get past the terrible start because eventually it always leads to an earth-shattering ending. They never add up to anything, beginnings with him. John Watson will be just like the others, ridiculous attempt from people who call themselves his friends (in Mycroft’s case family and Sherlock can’t argue with that no matter how much he’d like to) to try and help him find someone to live with and perhaps strike a friendship (in Mycroft’s case to spy on him and even Mycroft is not arguing against this, though he perhaps uses a slightly less controversial term).
John’s arms drop down and he staggers back.
He took a small step and a branch cracked under his foot. In the silence it sounded louder than gunfire. There was no way out now. He had to continue. He could not risk them finding the cabin.
Sherlock looks at the box of matches like he doesn’t know what he should do with it so that he can grab the rag and bucket in turn. John’s hand reaches out again to take the box, but Sherlock’s brain finally catches up with him and he hides the box in his pocket.
“Jim? Irene?” he asks.
He glances at Sherlock, mouth spreading into a smile around the cigarette dangling from his teeth.
“Try and be more inventive with your adjectives, please, John.”
“Or if you hadn’t solved the case,” John says, as if that had even been a possibility.
“Who is?”
The other reason is not that Jim trusts him. It’s the fact that now they have no choice
John lets go of his hands and turns towards his desk, no doubt to write a prescription for painkillers. Something someone with Sherlock’s history can take safely.
The sneer is gone, and the words are spat like they are filthy.
He sets the socks and shoes on the edge of the pool, leaves the stork to guard them and drags Sherlock’s coat off of him. Sherlock's uncontrollable shaking makes him look like he is doing some weird dance. Between the clickety clack of his teeth he says that for once he could actually use the shock blanket the paramedics are usually so eager to provide.
He wants to apologise for it all, everything that has happened and everything that is going to happen, but can’t bring himself to speak before Sherlock’s coat has disappeared round the corner.
What he sees is a completely whole John, who is stretching his arm towards a pen on the table next to him, his leg hoisted up on a sling which is restricting his movements.
Mr Trevor smirked.
He sits down opposite him on the grass in the shadow of the giant oak tree and stares. Sherlock shifts uncomfortably, trying to get back to his book, glances up again, sees the child suck determinedly on his dummy before popping it out of his mouth and offering it to him.
John lifts his hand slowly.
Donovan’s eyes grow dark and her face turns pale. Sherlock picks up the glasses.
? Who?”
) John Watson sat like travelling on a deserted country road in the middle of the night in a military van packed full of radio equipment, food, medical supplies and guns with another one following close behind was something he did every day.
Just then, two office workers from the Palace (
John spends almost two of them with Mycroft at his office, listening to him yammer about his boring case of Andrew West and stolen missile plans and wincing at his root canal problems in turn. Sherlock has time to figure out the case.
The woman is standing under the dim streetlight, dangling an unlit cigarette in her fingers, tapping it against her thumb in time with some tune playing inside her head. She is dressed for the cold weather, but elegantly, her body hidden under a black fur that covers even her luscious brown hair. Sherlock can see that under all the layers she is hiding an ever more luscious body, visible only to those who are able to see her for what she is and have a need for what she can offer.
“Every day I wake up wondering what I could have done to deserve you. I keep odd hours, I play the violin when I’m thinking and I never clean, to name some of my major flaws.”
Sherlock tried to keep him occupied and brought in playing cards and board games, books, John’s laptop and headphones, a Rubik’s cube, old medical texts from the 19
Plain rice is something Sherlock agrees to eat sometimes when he is on a case. After the case is finished he gorges himself and adds chicken, vegetables and a lot of spices on the rice, but during the cases it’s plain rice or nothing. John indulges him and gives him a bowl of basmati with only a hint of salt and chopsticks. Sherlock eats his food obediently, but mostly he plays with the tiny grains with the chopsticks, lost in thought.
Standing in the queue to the till, Sherlock was trying very hard to come up with a sex thing they were missing (
Now John’s refusal is sturdier.
“I’m just going to the loo, Sherlock. Your cold foot has been playing toe tag with my bladder for god knows how long. If I don’t get up, I’m going to wet myself.”
“You’re angry with me so you won’t help,” he says to his phone, typing rapidly. “Not much cop this caring lark, if you can’t help innocent people just because your flatmate has disappointed you.”
“Ah, Friday! I can’t wait to get home and lift my feet up. I should be retired by now, but they’ll probably force me to go on until I die.”
“Always hard to remember an alias when you’ve had a fright, isn’t it?”
Sherlock’s curiosity raised its head again. If John had not sat there, he would have ran to his bed and searched until he found something.
“You didn’t count the other handgun,” he said, nodding towards the Enfield still securely in its holster resting against John’s hip.
John doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone but out of sheer unluck they don’t have any towels in the bathroom so he runs to Sherlock’s room and back. In the bathroom, Sherlock has nail clippers in his hand and he is waving them around, tugging at his hair and trying to shear it out with the clippers.
“Sorry,” John hurried to say.
James has a mischievous tune in his voice.
It was too early to make assumptions, but regularly occurring nightmares could indicate a trauma and a
Jim takes a plastic bag full of tiny pills from his pocket, takes a few and throws them down his throat, sighing happily.
John said it at the time of the Carl Powers case, and after that it’s been self-evident that he solves the cases as much as Sherlock does.
“It’s fine, it’s all fine!”
to come,” John whined as Sherlock took his hand and lead him back towards the aisle of canned goods that was bound to include the damn jar of goose fat he had no idea why anyone would ever need.
He looks beaten, suddenly.
“I couldn’t work.”
sound to emphasise how good the bloody thing is.
Sherlock takes off his dressing gown, throwing it on the chair opposite John’s.
Through the smoke and rubble John’s eyes try to find Sherlock, who has dived away from Perkins a millisecond before the grenade has gone off. Smoking shoes about three metres away, the only thing left of Perkins, go unnoticed as he stays low and looks for a sign of movement, eyes stopping at a crouching figure on the floor. He stares at the whimpering mess of a man attempting to crawl further away from the centre of the wreck. Sherlock is covered in the blood and pulp of Perkins’ once whole combination of flesh, skin and bone, dust settling calmly on top of it all, on Sherlock’s ruined clothing and hair that is heavy with the gory mess.
The smirk and the praise together force a small smile out of Sherlock as well.
He does. He remembers every second of those weeks, has sought comfort in them in the long months he had no idea where John was or if he would ever see him again.
John smiles sweetly.
“Tissues.”
with Sherlock Holmes?”
“Come on, then. Chow mein. My treat.”
Blood pumping inside and not squirting out.
John is rolling laughing on the floor. Figuratively, since he is clearly in pain and can’t move any other muscles than the ones on his face.
John turns the laptop screen to the muddy ground on the field filled with police tape and officers who are, once again, too incompetent to do anything themselves.
John scoffs and shakes his head, Lestrade just looks stunned as to why anyone would do something like that.
Sherlock visits him every day, tells him about his day and his experiments at home. They read comic books and play cards, and when the visiting hours are over he leaves with a wave and a wink. In the dead of night, he climbs down from his window and sneaks back into John’s room. The nurse finds them in the morning, Sherlock curled up next to John on the bed, his left arm thrown over his chest, the other on the pillow above his head. John is on his back, the only way he can lie down with the cast, his hands lodged against his rib cage. The nurse leaves quietly and goes to phone Sherlock’s parents who have just woken up to find their son’s bed empty with a note attached to the pillow.
“So this is your Jack the Ripper?” he inspects the grimy crime scene photo. “Why do you work yourself to death over something they’ve tried to solve for years? Your brother forcing you?”
At first John did not realise there were two of them. They were both tall, both immaculately dressed, both stern as statues, but from the two of them the one on the right, even with his two-piece suit and polished shoes, looked like he did not belong there. He had a commanding air around him, and for a moment John wondered whether he had been the one whose voice had invited him in, but then his eyes caught the other man standing next to him and knew that this was Mycroft Holmes. His demeanour, his suit and his hair slicked back had hidden him among the expensive furniture so well he had looked like a natural part of it.
“Jim,” he hisses to the phone, never minding that someone is probably listening in and he shouldn’t use names. “Don’t call me anymore.”
“Then can I ask you for something else in addition to this present?”
Sherlock scowls and does not reply.
“If you don’t stop prying, I’ll burn you. I will burn the
John comes home in time for Sherlock’s birthday. He walks in when Sherlock is standing on top of a ladder, hanging up balloons on the specific orders of their landlady, Mrs Hudson. He almost comes tumbling down when he sees John standing in the doorway, his left arm in a sling.
Standing in front of the mirror in the toilet, the orderly standing by at the door, Sherlock lifts his shirt to inspect his right side, looking for the bullet wound.
“You have the monkeyest of monkeytoes I have ever seen.”
He said something very hurtful to John after he took his hand away from the general area of his back.
Munching on his toast, Sherlock inspected the golden band in his left ring finger and took out his phone to google for The Easiest Way to Clean Your Wedding Ring without Having to Go to Tesco Again to Buy Over-Expensive Gold Polishing Supplies.
It was a strange feeling coming face to face with something that found you so frightening, such an utter threat to your very existence, that when the logical thing would be to run to safety, they froze.
He throws Sherlock off him and over his shoulder. The disgusting piece of meat stays firmly in Sherlock’s grasp as John carries him to the bathroom and dumps him clothes and all in the bathtub. Sherlock sits there, dazed and blinking at the bright lights as John divests him of his clothing, takes a plastic bag and dumps the liver in it. He’d very much like to throw it out of the window and feel sorry for the unfortunate bastard who happens to stumble upon it later. But the bag only finds its way into the bin and John hopes he will remember to take it out later tonight or it’ll stink up the flat.
“Just give me a price.”
Sherlock smirks again, taking a second look at the wedding band gleaming on John’s finger. Ringed, marked, spoken for, committed,
He found it thrillingly gruesome that the death of a man could help John and him become closer.
“Thank you.”
“He’s back.”
He jumps even higher when his phone rings suddenly. The number is blocked but he knows who it is, who it
“You want me to
John did not need to look to his right to see the expression on Sherlock Holmes’ face.
“Intimate?” John pipes out. “Caring? Expressing someone you want them?”
“Will caring about them help me save them?”
He must look extremely puzzled because she continues,
“Don’t shout,” Sherlock ordered, pushing John out and lowering him gently to the floor. “He’s just in a bit of a shock. Only a tad. Just a minor case of claustrophobia. He’ll be all right.”
The images are too much. He gives up, bollocks to this whole swimming thing anyways, and opens his eyes. John looks down at him with his eyes full of concern. Has he said something? Whimpered without realising it?
The line is not something he would have expected. The cheesiness of it, it’s such a cliché. Next she’ll probably ask if he’s been a bad boy.
“You are the first person to acknowledge you are my friend.”
After that Sherlock doesn’t stop to think before he allows himself to indulge in the intimate moments wherever they happen to be. It only becomes a problem once, when he pokes his cold fingers under John’s jumper just when they are kneeling over a body. John has a very sharp piece of glass in his hand that he has picked out from the abdomen wound it has made in the victim and he almost pokes Lestrade’s eye out with it when he shrieks like a teenage girl and reflexively jerks his arms up towards the DI who is hovering over his shoulder.
“We hated him.”
“Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present,” he says to the empty room, waving the memory stick with the missile plans on it. “As a thank you for yours.”
John takes his head between his hands.
“Especially when you said that thing about exchange of fluids,” Victor giggles into his glass. “That really got him going.”
He already had a headache from the darkness and the stuffy air, the code in front of him proving to be more difficult than he had thought when he had assured Mycroft and his peers that he would have it solved by the end of the day. It was now nearing six o’clock, and he had not moved in three and a half hours.
“I am sorry.”
“You have no reason to carry those round. You don’t smoke.”
“Please, Sherlock, do as he says!” Irene pleads. “Please, for us.”
He is desperate now, trying to start a row, but John’s voice is full of kindness and calm, like he is trying to pacify a child who wants to go to the theme park in the dead of winter.
Press play.
“I put it out. It smelt of gasoline and the road.”
“Sherlock, I will murder you with this sheet if you bring in grammar to this already annoying fancy of yours of folding the sheets wrong. It’s whip, whip, fold. Whip, whip, fold. Pull, fold.”
“Oh, use your imagination!”
His hands are shaking.
John shook his head, eyes glued to the open door. One of the torch lights shone through it, sweeping along the floor. He could hear the clicking of the expensive shoes of the very dangerous mafia killer getting closer. He was probably the one carrying the very large machine gun. His gait sounded that much heavier than the others’.
Sherlock gulps.
“Have you been naughty or nice?”
“Like me?” he asked.
It’s amazing how his fighting instincts are dulled by exhaustion and the absence of the battlefield with its constant shouting and screaming. Sherlock runs his fingers over John’s neck and temples for several idle minutes, not daring to reach for the notch that is still buried under shirt and cardigan.
“What are you doing?”
John shuffles inside the cupboard, in search of the teabags Sherlock informs him he has stored away when he first moved his things in. They are too high for him of course, John is approximately 166 centimetres tall, 172 on tiptoe, and the highest shelf is only about 170 centimetres up, but the teabags are at the very back. Getting up without thinking, Sherlock reaches for the bags easily and hands them over.
“There, all better,” John says with a final sweep over Sherlock’s coat. He grins at the blush on Sherlock’s face, which is quickly covered by a scowl as his hand is seized back into a shake and the flashlights begin to flare.
“Just solve this one fast so we can go home and you can start nursing me back to health,” comes a mutter from underneath the scarf.
Sherlock moves closer slowly, never-minding the possibly slippery tiles, feeling like his muscles have turned to putty, there’s no blood flowing in his veins, no thoughts except one going around in his head,
goes the pink phone and shows them a garish picture of a garish bottle blond with her teeth showing in what she must think is a smile. Sherlock stares at the photo and John stares at him.
“Anderson is still pissed at you. Poor sod’s been grovelling at Sally’s feet since you gave him a helping hand with his wooing yesterday,” Wilkes says.
Sherlock’s lip trembles.
Sally Donovan is not happy to see him, but she doesn’t say anything. Just gives him an ugly stare as he walks past her work station to Lestrade’s office, and turns to speak to a colleague.
“Sherlock, you have my thermometer.”
He fell asleep knowing that Sherlock’s heart is still beating and there is still air in his lungs.
Sherlock turned his lip up and glared at the seat next to him.
Jim curses and steers away, avoiding the next bump just in time and hitting on the gas. They shoot away, the black car right behind them.
Before exiting the building, Sherlock wipes the blood of the dead man colouring the bottom of his shoe to a rag one of the cleaners has left on a table before tossing it in the bin.
“The devil is indeed in the details and criminology, like literature or painting, is an art, no matter what those Soutine enthusiastics might say. That’s right, I am looking at you, Wilkins. The next time your girlfriend complains about the crime scene photos, make sure to look at the
“She?”
And he has his date shoes on.
“I smoke. I will be fine with a slightly dusty mattress.”
“You’re coming with me.”
The official news coming from him never had any real value, let alone the unofficial ones he clearly made up to impress his bedmates.
“If I asked you to, could you give me something else?”
“What?”
“Oh, he’s calling the quack!”
“To be quite honest, sir, this mission does seem a bit vague.”
“Terrified,” he draws his chair back, “mortified”, he sits down and takes the pawn from Victor, “petrified,” he places it back where it was, his finger pressing the piece to the board like he is trying to glue them together, “stupefied by you.”
With that, he hangs up.
He was not unlucky by nature. On the contrary, he was jumping into danger and exciting situations others avoided at all costs by his own free will as often as he could. But apparently tonight he was cursed to fall victim to freak occurrences that had to be some higher power’s way of ensuring he had a reason to hate Christmas more than he already did.
“Poison, John!” Sherlock exclaims excitedly. “Virtually undetectable! In his eczema cream! The poison paralysed the muscles just when he was in the water and he drowned!”
“I am amazed! You actually succeeded in keeping her quiet,” a voice said.
They sat in silence, staring at the remains of Sherlock’s cigarette, smouldering still like it was gasping for breath, then finally burn out on the table. Mycroft started when his brother suddenly reached out and swept it on the floor so that the ashes scattered everywhere, including on his own suit. They both continued to stare as he brushed his jacket clean, straightened his cuffs and crossed his arms over his chest.
“With the strictest confidence,” Mr Hartley had assured him when he had inquired about the safety of the place.
“It’s warm there,” Sherlock mumbles into the pillow.
John turns to look at him and measures him from head to toe. He slides his forefinger across Sherlock’s collar.
“Yes it is! Mama says you can make everything nice unnice by putting a prafix in front if it.”
a possible opportunity for sex.
Sherlock starts.
“Stop talking like that. I will come with you.”
He offers his hand, but when Sherlock keeps on looking at him with distaste and in disbelief, he raises both his hands in mock surrender, wiggles his fingers and says,
“Because
“John, please, get it off me!” he whimpers.
Sherlock smiles to himself, picks up another har gow with his chopsticks and allows John to pop an action film inside the DVD player, stuff he usually despises but is happy to suffer through now that John is content to stay home with him. John falls asleep on the sofa, stomach full of dumplings and Tsingtao, hopefully dreaming about something else than bombs going off in the desert and men dying at his feet. Sherlock pulls a blanket from the backrest and lays it over them both, allowing himself a moment of shared warmth before John wakes up and trots upstairs to his room to sleep properly before a day at the clinic.
Sherlock tears his eyes away from Jim’s shoes.
“Don’t be silly,” Moriarty says. “Someone else is holding the riffle. I don’t like getting my hands dirty.”
Sherlock whistles. The queerest tunes imaginable, and only when he does the dishes. Sherlock doing housework is a miracle of its own, but the constant whistling that happens clearly without him acknowledging it stops John in his tracks every time he hears the kitchen tab being opened, the water flow and the crockery clink.
“Another great evening for Sherlock Holmes.”
A moment later, he heard the distant shouts of “Clear!” echoing through the warehouse.
Sherlock nods his pawn towards Jim but he has just disappeared through the doors to the loo.
The quietness of it all was what pulled him out of his thoughts. The complete lack of noises was the opposite of Baker Street where he had his flat. He had never been this far away from London, never this far away from other human beings and wondered how long he could take of the sea, the birds and the quiet humming of the forest before he went insane.
“Yes, of course,” Victor replies instantly. “What are friends for?”
John knows this which is exactly why he is walking so briskly towards the shining Mercedes. Along with built-in navigation system and nappa leather interior, the car also has heated seats.
Except John in his anger had used the other, perhaps more demeaning word.
“Is there anything you
won’t be blown to bits?”
The address is a warehouse and the click has come from a pay phone Jim is leaning against, cigarette dangling from his mouth, several smoked buds littering the ground by his feet.
“I’m… I’m to be a
Standing in the doorway, Irene Adler is only wearing a politely inquiring expression and black high heels.
Until Mycroft comes home from school for the holidays, his face pale and his eyes red, and hides himself into his room.
Sherlock looks at John’s hands that are completely steady against his chest.
“Could you stop repeating my name,” Sherlock snarls. “Saying it again and again won’t make me like you.”
The boy’s eyes grew wider and wider as he stared at Sherlock, the comic book hanging forgotten from his hands. His mouth dropped open.
In the morning, he has a glass of water and two aspirins waiting for him on the kitchen table and a flat free of Sherlock (who has gone to Lestrade in order to see the evidence he had not bothered to come and see the night before). He is already asleep when Sherlock returns in the early hours of the morning and collapses on his bed.
“Well then, I will try and not to make that mistake in the future.”
He has made his way quietly to the desk and is now peering over Sherlock’s shoulder at the vials and notes scattered across the desk.
The coffee is very hot when it sloshes over the rim and on his fingers. With all the observations he has made, he has missed the most obvious one.
“I always knew. Hartley – the man who offered me the job – he acted weird when he spoke about you, and then your brother invited me to a private meeting before we left. He told me. And I told him your history didn’t matter.”
He forgets it temporarily when they arrive at the crime scene.
), how fast he himself can run, crawl to the hole and grab John just when he passes under him.
“She is seeing someone,” Sherlock informs off-handedly when Molly steps out of the room just when John walks in with two mugs in hand.
with Mr Harper,” she said the word like the current political climate was personally responsible for separating her son from her in the middle of her party, “but this is my youngest, Sherlock.”
“I will stop you,” Sherlock promises, more to John than to Moriarty or himself.
“Would you?”
“I believe that’s what friends do, show affection to each other through physical contact.” Sherlock rolls his shoulder blades and rubs against the foot. “Keep going,” he encourages.
John prepared the tea, speaking all the while. He talked of mundane things, nonsensical things, his voice quiet and pondering, as if he was not used to the silence around them.
Dear John, with his stupid,
“Wouldn’t you call me Victor?”
It comes so naturally to him, that smile, that calmness and easiness around people. Everyone is laughing around him, banging him on the back and saying his name like it’s a praise, an indication of a higher rank.
very nice. Sherlock chews on his fifth and sits in his chair to tune his violin in order to provide the Christmas carols he apparently has promised Mrs Hudson while in the middle of an experiment, though he does not recall this ever happening himself.
Sherlock stops.
Three hundred miles away in London, Mycroft Holmes banged his fist against a table in one of the more secret parts of the parliament, with several ministers and military commanders sitting at the large table, all of them shivering under the rage of the most feared man in the country.
“So you really do this kind of collage thing, eh?” he asks quietly.
“Yes, they do,” John agreed.
He phones Jim, who has left a message on his answering machine, only has a few seconds to catch the rushed voice on the other end, a whispered address and then a click as Jim hangs up.
“Too bad. I was beginning to like it here,” John said, sipping his soup. “Though the food is just as awful as it was when I worked here.”
But the inside of the house is spotless. She takes off her fur coat, revealing a skin-tight black satin dress with gold lamé sewn into it, then offers to take his but he refuses to be undressed. So she leads him upstairs with his coat still on, through a door to a vast bedroom with a four-poster bed and vanishes behind a screen to change into “something more comfortable”. He sits on the edge of the bed, inspecting her movements from behind the screen, her hair coming loose and she appears again dressed in a dragon green dressing gown, hair free, garters and knee-high socks visible through the fabric, no bra.
“You’ll need a pen.”
“John…” Sherlock breathes.
Sherlock takes a hold of his other hand.
“It’s hardly my fault you weren’t listening. Back to the grass, John.”
He had daydreams about losing his mind, becoming a drooling vegetable who couldn’t even aspire to the possibility of being ordinary. There was no escaping it. His brain would always be gnawing at him, demanding for more data to chew on.
When they are both sparkling clean and Sherlock’s head is relatively clear from all the cold water John has sprayed on him and poured down his throat, they lie on the rug in front of the fire, the clock striking two, John leaning against his chair and combing his fingers through Sherlock’s clean curls.
Sherlock jumps up. In the doorway stands a man, a boy more like, swaying slightly, big grin on his face, clothes in a horrible disarray and his tie tossed over his shoulder.
Peeking between the blinds again, everything seems calm. He goes to the door, takes his coat and sneaks out. At least he can lure them away from the house so that John has time to leave.
Sherlock could smell her across the room.
With sheer stubbornness, he managed to hold on to Sherlock’s arms so that when Sherlock succeeded in his mission and peered down at him, that was really all he could do.
The first thing that does is another car that appears next to theirs and tries to push them off the road.
The moon appearing from behind a cloud was a welcome sight, and he could see Watson more clearly now, sitting next to him, his golden hair gleaming in the faint moonlight. He was sitting ramrod straight, holding on to the bonnet to keep himself from swaying and falling against the sergeant, but there were no signs of discomfort in him. He looked like he was exactly where he belonged and knew precisely where they were going.
Sherlock blinked.
“You didn’t tell me...”
Though it’s not a question, Sherlock nods. And right you are, John takes out two mugs instead of one, instead of telling Sherlock to get his own tea.
He grows quiet instantly, never sure what Sherlock will whistle this time. Sherlock is a man of classical music, knows a few Christmas carols (most likely only to please Mrs Hudson during the holidays) and now the tune to that one soap opera he’s been watching on the telly, the one that goes din-din-din-di-din-din-di-din-din (John has heard him play it with the violin once, slower, calmer, and it actually sounded beautiful).
“Freak!” Donovan greets, eyes slightly distant, breath sour. “I see that John finally did the smart thing and baled on you.”
He glances at the innocuous looking pink pills.
He’d known how to swim, barely, and known that if worse came to worst, he wouldn’t be much use with mouth full of water, trying to swim in the deep end of a pool probably filled with rubble and pieces of tile.
not let go of them. The reason is obvious, of course. Letting go would result in John falling down, probably hurting himself, starting to cry and never wanting to be with Sherlock again.
“Which would make this even more disturbing for you, since you haven’t had any training on how to dismantle one.”
“Good for you,”
Then everything goes fuzzy. Behind the glass, John becomes double, one of them still pressing his hand on the window while the other squeezes his fist to his chest, piece of handkerchief poking out between forefinger and thumb. He may be crying, or maybe they are his own tears, filling his eyes and blocking everything out.
Sherlock put his finger to his mouth and made a small hushing sound, then winked confidentially.
“I heard what happened,” he begins, stops short and struggles to find words.
At the morgue, Molly’s gloved hands open the body bags one after the other to reveal the Chinese tattoos on the heels of the two dead men, and Sherlock smirks despite himself. He goes to collect John, stopping at the door when he sees the paleness of his face, hands clenched round the cup still full of now cold tea. He is staring blankly in front of himself, lost in memories no doubt, and startles into the present when Sherlock appears by his side, tells him they’re going home.
When he realizes the tip of his tongue is feeling cold and wet, he snaps it in like an iguana and continues the interrupted, more sensual sweeps over the lid.
By throwing everything on his table to the floor in search of a secret stash that
Mycroft knew of course. He realised instantly what had taken place between them, not that he attempted to understand it.
“Bay of Biscay has been occupied for two years,” John insisted. “Surely the defences must be secure enough that an imminent invasion can be prevented? Why, the whole coast cannot still be defended only by emergency defence batteries?”
The next morning, John comes downstairs wearing a sleep-soft cotton shirt that exposes his clavicles and Sherlock catches a glimpse of the beginning of scar tissue on the left shoulder. John’s smile is soft and mushy, just like his hair that sticks up on the front and is flat on the back.
“He’s taking his time this time,” he notes.
Slowly, quietly, Mycroft reaches towards him and lowers the pen and papers on the windowsill. He takes the pen and signs his name on the line without looking.
It’s his fault. He got to them through him. And once he is done with them, he’ll come after everyone he knows. After Lestrade, after Mrs Hudson.
Yes, they do, don’t they? Silly women with their silly games, and oh she does love to play games.
“Sorry about the restraints,” the woman says apologetically.
“Oh, like you haven’t deduced that already!”
and meant both of them.
The first news from the outside world was a short message from Mycroft the day after they had arrived, informing them of the success of Operation Chariot in St Nazaire. Sherlock handed John the message without a word, immediately going back to his work. In the weeks that followed, John grew accustomed to the off-handed and almost disinterested way Sherlock took the news of any military developments. He was only interested in his machines, his radio and the large Typex which alone almost covered the small table from one end to the other.
“Yes, I admit he is hilarious. Any other reason besides the fact that he, as the unofficial head of the nation, is in trouble with a woman who gets her living from beating sexually frustrated clients with a riding crop?”
John, despite his chilly toes, feels content enough to close his eyes for a moment. He wakes up seven hours later with the morning sun shining into his eyes and a crick in his neck, Sherlock still drooling in his sleep and poking his nose into his crotch.
“Sherlock, this is…”
Irene Adler’s phone consumes him. It lies on his nightstand most nights and goes round London in his pocket. He takes it to Bart’s to have it x-rayed, finds several explosives inside it and for the first time he thinks something positive about her (
“John,” Sherlock says on the day before his eleventh birthday.
Another silence followed, during which the position of power seemed to switch naturally between the brothers. Mycroft, having been terrified of inviting Sherlock here to begin with and having flinched at his outburst, now sat up straighter and firmer than before. Sherlock, though having been crouching down sprawled on his chair this whole time, seemed to lose all his remaining confidence and slump down further until he almost disappeared behind the desk.
John already has about half of his wardrobe stored in one of the closets in the room upstairs and he has a toothbrush and his own shampoos in the bathroom. But what Sherlock considers to be his greatest victory is that John has brought all his medical text books with him and even changed the address on his only subscription magazine.
“Get off, you giant arse!”
The fire is dying out slowly and a chill creeps towards John’s bare toes but he doesn’t want to move to put more logs into the fire. He is too comfortable on the floor with Sherlock’s head lolling on his lap, his breathing calming down gradually until he is snoring gently and breathing hot air into John’s navel.
“What?” Molly whispers.
“Hello, young sir.”
“If you have such trouble with your veins,” push and shove against Sherlock’s thighs, “go and sit in the chair and use the coffee table.”
He is confused at this sudden sound bubbling from John’s throat, the wrinkles of laughter replacing the wrinkles of worry round his eyes.
“The project is called ‘The Maltese Falcon’,” he said and opened the folder.
“A what?”
“Now, should we talk?”
“I would never leave you.”
Sherlock is twenty-nine years, twenty-three hours, fifty-six minutes and six seconds old, and after two years of waiting, he is finally kissing John Watson again.
John is going to get something very nice for Mrs Hudson for her birthday this year.
“Go on then,” he encourages.
John smiles and sniffs.
His mother holds him tight and says, her voice oddly thick, that hearts do not work like that. It is not that simple to patch them up, and taking them out completely means that you would die.
Sherlock snuffed his cigarette against the table where it scorched a dark spot on the varnish and was left there to smoulder slightly.
“Sherlock, run!”
He dishes the slip of paper from its hiding place.
“You have to go away,” he grabs John’s elbow and tucks him toward the bedroom.
says a voice inside his head.
“There is no one there, Sherlock,” Doctor Mortimer says just as several orderlies burst in through the door, grab him under his arms and drag him away.
“Not at all, Mrs Travers!” John pockets his phone quickly and turns back to the patient in front of him.
, Sherlock thinks instantly.
And he likes to date.
“And in return,” he began, gritting every word from between his teeth like it physically hurt him to say them, “you would like me to spend an unknown amount of time in the middle of nowhere, looking at
He took it away. It's his to put back.
“It was there the whole time. The answer.”
He is a child,
, John thought.
Flour, spices, lard, eggs, even gelatine leaves, something Sherlock has never seen in their kitchen before.
“Somewhere between Southwark Bridge and Waterloo,” he mutters to himself, then he remembers John and looks up.
“I want rye made into sourdough and baked in mild temperature for three hours. Oh, and topped with sesame seeds. I like a bit of a crunch.”
Every soldier had lost someone, a brother or a father on the battlefield, a mother, a sister, or a lover on the home front. Death was everywhere, not just in the trenches where men shivering with the cold and fear cried themselves to sleep but at home too, in towns and villages plagued by bombs and the sound of the air raid siren that could go off at any moment without warning. The people lay in their beds, some of them dreamt, some of them were too afraid to even fall asleep. Until now, John had been one of the first, unable to sleep soundly but still sleeping, dreaming of the dead and waking up to the feeling of regret for being still alive himself, falling back to sleep with tears streaming down his cheeks.
John looks at him, sees it is not him Sherlock is looking at and turns towards the empty corner.
“Don’t wait up!” John goes to the door, winks at him, the keys dangling between his fingers.
The war and Mycroft could go to hell. They would not take John from him.
“Sherlock.”
“He is not stupid, Mycroft.”
But the bus stopped and the driver told him to get off.
John opens the last cupboard and jumps back like the jars of pickled goods have shouted
Also, she was known as a woman who never raised her voice, so it took John by surprise that she would run around in the halls, calling out his name.
John grimaced.
He listens to the logs crackling in the hearth and smells the pinewood burning, the scent of resin whiffing out every now and then. He smacks his lips like he is still enjoying the taste of the 50-year-old whiskey and says, half asleep,
This was his territory. He knew how to act.
Sherlock smiles at the double-meaning behind her words. He is starting to like this.
Sherlock glanced at him.
“John, you should know I consider myself to be married to my work, and while I'm flattered by your offer ---“
“Oh, just a little… incident with another agent.”
No, it was definitely not good. On the scale of things that are good, this one is definitely not good on any level. It is not even on the scale of things that are not good, it should not exist at all. John jumping in front of the fire to save Sherlock’s life shouldn’t be an option.
“John!”
Sherlock tries to look very busy when John goes to put his mug into the sink and wishes Sherlock good night. Sherlock watches his ascend from the corner of his eye.
So John turns to look for someone else to be angry with.
She hasn’t written in a while. After inviting her to the wedding, receiving a declining RSVP and then being scared half to death by seeing the woman in his kitchen on the morning after his marriage he has not heard from her since.
Suddenly, Sherlock has an excuse to stay out of the flat and spend excessive amounts of time at the Yard tormenting Lestrade or at Bart’s tormenting Molly.
Sherlock’s hands moved up and down from his neck to his shoulders.
John would know where he was from the feel of the bark under his fingers.
Sherlock hated her and her sandwiches. She was constantly eating something pickled and always smelt like vinegar.
“Yeah, no problem, John!” the constables answer from the street.
Finally John was angry. Finally Sherlock could read him properly.
Mycroft comes to see them in the morning, discreetly handing John’s flip-flops back to him, and for the first time in a very long time Sherlock attacks his brother with teeth and claws. He stands in front of Mycroft, stares into his eyes when he is told to stay out of the Irene Adler case in the future, silently snarling at him with every fibre of his being,
No shock blanket in sight, John has no choice but to take off his own jacket and drape it over Sherlock’s wet back. He curses his smaller form but Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind that the coat barely covers his shoulders as he buries himself up to his nose inside it and keeps on shivering.
“And I came because your brother asked.”
“How exactly is this supposed to help me?” John panted.
Mycroft Holmes, sitting at his vast oak desk in his vaster than vast office in the secluded stomach of the Houses of Parliament, would have given anything if he could have avoided this meeting, if only to make his brother hate him less.
“You would only mutter to yourself anyway,” John sits down on the edge of the sofa and feels Sherlock’s throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How much?” he asks, teeth biting into the cigarette so that he almost cuts it in two.
Sherlock allowed him to drift back to sleep before loosening his grip and moving away slightly to peer at him.
The sudden heatwave ended as fast as it had begun, and the last day of August brought with it a rumbling thunderstorm. Heavy rain rattled the windows of the cottage, the wind howled in the chimney, and neither of them stepped out, but sat and listened to the storm ravage the landscape. The bright sunlight had disappeared behind heavy dark clouds, the song of the birds had been replaced by a howling wind and crackling thunder that shook the cliffs. Once they heard a boom like fired from a shotgun and seconds after a tree fall in the forest with a heavy thud.
John hums happily.
“Hey, Sherlock, how long have you known?” he says, grabbing Sherlock by the sleeve as Lestrade disappears to his office before them.
Jim turns his head a little to inspect the curls behind Sherlock’s ear. Fingering the hair he says,
The silence that follows is so heavy Sherlock almost bursts in.
“Please, Sherlock, do it,” Irene cries.
“What,” John says slowly, taking his hands out from his coat pockets, “would you like me,” he pulls the coat open, “to make him say… next?”
“A palm tree.”
“Then why do you believe it?”
“oh god no go away”
“There’s several kinds of loving,” he says in Sherlock’s ear, “and for now it’s the nanny kind: soup, thermometer, more bedtime stories and herbal tea. But I promise to give you the best kind when you are physically in shape to actually take it.”
It sends a shiver down his spine, the fact that John sees him as flesh and bone and not just an automaton. It should bother him, make him angry.
“Don’t tell him that. He’d come crashing down.”
A sergeant calls for Lestrade from one of the cars, so he only pats John on the shoulder as he walks past him, leaving him to gaze at his miracle in peace.
“What ---
“I’d rather get Master Hardy his socks since I’d most likely get an actual thank you from him,” John turns a page of
The tension between them seems to have exploded with Perkins. Sherlock stays glued against his mouth and seems to push deeper into him with every movement so that John feels Sherlock will swallow him whole.
, he thought.
No one asks him that. No one even uses the more formal, distant version: “How are you?”
He cranks his memory. She had said it earlier (
Lestrade hands back the notebook, rests his elbow on the desk and studies the man in front of him, finally not afraid of him, nor pitying him, but only wanting to help like he would anyone with a problem.
Glancing at his watch, John quickened his pace, splashing rainwater over his shoes with such force his trousers were wet to the knee. His coat and hat did little to protect him from the downpour, and he cursed himself for having forgotten his umbrella at his office.
With each word, he sounded more defeated, though he was trying to hide his tone behind his posture, keeping his countenance neutral. But his eyes were once again downcast, glued to a spot on his desk.
“Was,” he crows, “was that a kiss goodnight?”
John sits on the toilet lid and yawns so that his jaw cracks. There’s a patch of mould in the corner next to the bathtub. He should talk to Harry about that.
None. And when he tells John what people usually say, John smiles.
Blushing, John hurried to pull it shut before turning around again to face the men. Mycroft Holmes had moved to sit behind his desk, but the other Holmes –
“Sherlock…”
“Of course I will,” Sherlock snapped, almost biting his tongue off with the chattering of his teeth.
Suddenly shivering, Sherlock waved his hand, indicating that the window was not locked and only needed a little push.
“Yes you do.”
John only continued to drink his coffee, clearly not expecting Sherlock to reply. He was not mocking him. It was just his way of breaking the ice.
“No, I don’t,” John replies, takes Sherlock’s hand and puts the matches in it.
John’s hand went to his gun. He was breathing heavily and his posture was rigid. Sherlock, however, was the image of a rubber ball bouncing around. He tried to grab John’s arm again.
She doesn’t spare a glance at John, but turns to Sherlock crouching over his microscope, looking confused.
John was quiet for a moment, nursing his mug against his chest.
John turns to him with a smile.
The door closes downstairs but Sherlock is already picking up his laptop from the floor, typing up a new post on his website to invite the bomber for a rendez-vous.
“When was the last time you ate?” Jim asks.
eat about three quarters of the box himself.
It takes six months for them to hear from her again. Six months of staring at the phone and attempting to will the passcode out of it, for it to magically just give up its secrets, let Sherlock know if he finally won or lost and allow him to sleep his nights in peace. John begins to comment on the bags under his eyes and sigh at his uneaten breakfast-lunch-dinner that has been sitting there for hours.
Sherlock wanted to touch his face, to make sure he was there, recompense for the touches he was too scared to give before.
“I don’t have much time and I need to speak to you. Is anyone else here?”
The next morning, Sherlock’s throat hurts.
John straightened his posture.
would know who you’d been shagging the previous night. Not that he’d know what shagging
He flicks his magnifying glass open and turns towards the car.
When Sherlock doesn’t even make an effort to thank her, she pats his hair and trots out of the room. She dismisses John’s apology of Sherlock’s rudeness with a quick wave of her hand and closes the door after her.
“Matter? It matters, Sherlock, because when you don’t tell me these things, it just proves that you don’t trust me!”
been on the front line, or at least somewhere in action, and that you
Sherlock Holmes leaned in, making sure to stay as far away as possible from the man offering the light, lit his cigarette and leaned back against his chair. His long coat, heavy and stiff as it was in the March warmth, had been disregarded in the beginning of the interview on top of a lush armchair in the corner with his cigarette lighter hidden in one of its many pockets. His cigarettes, however, he always kept in a silver case in his jacket pocket, and thus only when he took one out did he realise he had nothing to light it with. Cursing himself for having been thrown off his balance by the conductor of the interview, he accepted the offered civility and sat back to exhale the cigarette smoke before giving his answer.
Sherlock’s expression turned to horrified.
Sherlock wishes he could see his smile.
He trusts John to follow. He is bound to now that all the excitement he has is tied to Sherlock.
They don’t see each other until the next evening when John comes home and goes straight upstairs to his room, emerging fifteen minutes later wearing a pressed shirt, a suit jacket and some hideous cologne.
“Might not be a good time to touch me now,” John whispered.
“I’ve read all about you, Mr Holmes! Your website, the articles, your husband’s blog. Brilliant stuff! Especially the blog.”
“What do your friends in the government think about sending the best code-breaker in the country to do his job with minimum equipment and, once again, in the middle of bloody nowhere?”
He didn’t get angry even then. He only got frustrated and jumpy, went and stabbed a pig a couple of times, and suddenly there was a case. A case which made him angry, made him say things he didn’t mean, and which made John storm out.
Murray’s face went stoic and he waved his hand towards the kitchen.
And there it is.
Such a fragile thing it was, the trust they had built.
“Excuse me?”
“Wilco, MF2. We are in readiness. Keep us posted…”
When it is all finished, after he has done everything he possibly can to keep Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and John safe from Moriarty’s underlings, he texts Mycroft to pick him up from the five-star hotel room where the occupant lies in a puddle of his own blood next to the shattered 1000£ glass table and enough evidence on and under him and in his luggage to connect him to the Moriarty case and name him the head of his security.
Sherlock’s hand slips and he almost drops the phonebook.
“Sherlock…”
It’s a low blow, and Mycroft knows it, he regrets it the second it’s out. But he hides his expression better than Sherlock, who can feel his face fall through the floor.
Sherlock huffs.
“If you want. Or we could take a shortcut and you could just take your clothes off now since I’d beat you anyway.”
“I’ve heard about your past, Mister Holmes,” the cabbie says, poising the pill from his bottle upwards. “With this kind of stuff.”
Gaining new courage from the handling of the sorest of the topics being over, he crossed his hands on the table and leaned in, adapting an almost conspiratorial tone with his next speech.
“Shoot, damn you!”
They take a walk round the park, Harriet running ahead of them among the pigeons that don’t seem to be the slightest disturbed by the small girl.
Sherlock hates her for not being there for her brother.
Sherlock closes his mouth, twists his lips tight and pecks John’s closed mouth. The taste of whiskey is nice, though stale, but the strange smell of entrails lingers. Sherlock blinks slowly, then he dives into his pocket and pulls out something brown and purple and disgusting.
Sherlock feels John tug at his hand.
“Maybe I won’t sign them,” John whispers.
He almost says it then. For a moment he is certain he can’t bring himself to stop his little brother from walking out without saying it. Remembers him, ten years old, too afraid to sleep alone because of the monsters under his bed and the ones in his classroom. And now another one lurking in the streets of his favourite city, his sanctuary and his home.
John arranges his hair behind his ear.
“Why unused?” John asks.
They step out into the brilliant sunshine and Sherlock sits on the stairs and reaches into one of his pockets.
“No thanks, I’m trying to quit,” Lestrade replies, sitting down in the chair now that he realises he is still standing behind it like he is afraid.
Sherlock lies on his side, pulse beating against the fingers grasping his wrist, and watches John sleep.
He looks broken, his John, and he has made him like that.
But he knows it, has dreamt about it for months, even though he still can't name it.
Sherlock lifts his gaze from the paper.
He can’t rely on John’s help either, even if he was at home. The less he knows the safer he is.
Despite John’s stiff posture when he talked about Mycroft’s behaviour, how his hands had clenched only when he described the topic of their meeting, the information he had been given… Despite everything Sherlock was suddenly even more furious, at every emotion he could read so clearly from John’s eyes.
So he offers her his coat to hide the disturbing nudity, and once she is enrobed in it she takes off her shoes and her sex appeal with them. Lacking her killer heels she is suddenly just a regular woman in an oversized coat, even her voice rises a few octaves to a more feminine chirpy tune.
It is easier to see Moriarty on his doorstep while thinking on the words, knowing that John is coming home, will be back any minute.
“My secretary has just ever so discreetly informed me, that your partner for this mission has agreed to the job.”
“Get thee hence from my kitchen, knave, or there shan’t be dinner for you to-night.”
“Holmes will give you further details. He’ll tell you how to contact me, but just so you know, all messages will be intercepted and examined by government officials. So nothing out of line. Just let me know how you are getting along.”
Which was why, a week later, they ended up in a prison cell.
Probably a lot longer than it would take him to start hyperventilating.
James sneers but the usual power behind it is missing somehow, and he turns his head away from Sherlock as he listens to the snarls and kicks hitting the floor.
sounds in the flat. There have been cases, mediocre ones, none of which have taken more than a day to solve. Then he has been free to go back home to an empty flat, empty bed and stay inside his even emptier head.
Several people are. John peaking at the book, careful not to breathe so as to not do any harm to the priceless item and with his back slightly bent to emphasise how well the jacket hugs his form, is a sight and as men and women pass him in the hall their eyes linger on the same spots Sherlock’s were moments before. Sherlock gives them each a furious glare, some of them already too intoxicated to pay any mind to him, the Freak of the Yard, but some scuttle away with a frightened look.
like this – every time this man decided to trigger a surge of desire inside him.
“Picture, Mr Holmes! With the Chief Superintendent!”
“Of Sherlock?”
“So, in short,” he said, voice suddenly icy, “I am the muscle and he is the mind and together we
He should have known better. He should have known never to take a case that would make old memories rise to the surface, make everything that he buried flare up again and reduce him to a shivering mess.
,” she breathes.
“Greg and Molly are coming?”
“Greetings from the Yard.”
It’s too good to be true, this chance of being close to John like this, and it is disturbed all too early by a cough from the door. John blushes, Sherlock can feel it radiating from him though he can’t see John’s face, but he does see Lestrade’s and it looks like he is enjoying himself as much as Sherlock was while he was still sprawled on the floor alone with John.
No genius needs an audience for this, so he lets John climb off of him and stand up.
But he needs to stop thinking, needs to concentrate, eyes back to the microscope. He is of no use to anyone if he sits here, thinking what might happen if he doesn’t catch Moriarty. What will happen to the ambassador’s two children or the next victim. Himself. John.
He puts his hands into his pockets to cover them from the north breeze when a rustle of footsteps make him prick his ears. Sherlock stands behind him and slides his hand into John’s jacket pockets as well.
stay ill!”
He cuts off the call, puts the kettle on and takes out his violin.
“Your blog has a far wider readership than your average London streetwalker," Sherlock notes.
Luckily, the best way to hide his arousal when Sarah suddenly appears at his elbow is to walk up the stairs with a smile and join the small crowd standing awkwardly in the large room. Sherlock rolls his eyes and sneaks backstage to the dressing rooms.
John almost falls off the sofa, and has to hold on to the backrest to keep his balance.
The steps creaked again. Victor stood up to make room for John who sat down in the free space with two mugs of steaming coffee. He nudged one of the mugs against Sherlock who looked up, surprised at the sudden warmth.
Sherlock stops swirling around and stares at him. He grabs Victor’s face into his palms and says,
Miles away in occupied France, the screams of dying men and gunfire in his ears, John Watson lay on his back in the muddy earth, blood seeping slowly through his clothing, trickling down his sides and into the ground already soaked with the blood of his comrades lying dead everywhere around him.
“I know you are very proud of having the longest digits in the world, but that is idiotic.”
He lifts his eyes, sees the blue gaze surrounded by wrinkles, mouth with so many lines of laughter he can’t count them anymore and the hair, still so golden in the sun even though grey strands are taking place over the blond ones and claiming the head theirs.
“To put it nicely.”
Lying back down on the grass Victor said to him,
“Almost can.”
He tells her there is no need to make small talk, she’s not very good at it.
“He wasn’t killed here,” he says out loud. “He was covered with the same fabric his coat is made of, but he was killed on a black shag carpet. There are fibres from it on his shoes. The killer knew he was going to wear the coat. It’s likely the only one in his closet big enough to cover the choice of outfit,” he opens the coat to reveal a crimson corset and lace panties poking out from under the man’s jeans. “So he knew the killer, went to meet them expecting a good time and met his end by the force of a blunt instrument to the head. Probably a golf club belonging to him that his fiancée took with her when she decided to murder the man who had been cheating on her with other men and decided the best way to end him was to hit him in the face with it and then give him a few good punches with his ring she then slipped back to his finger once he was dead. You can see the pattern of the ring around the bruise on his cheek.”
Sherlock would like to say that he doesn’t but her eyes are so close, so captivating that he stares into them and stays quiet.
Sherlock dreams of fires. Of whole forests burning to the ground, massive floating slicks of oil covering the sea next to a wreck of a ship, just a burning match and it’s all aflame.
Sherlock’s thoughts seemed to have been travelling the same routes as he browsed the extensive list, for he turned to his brother and asked,
Ten minutes later, he is sitting on Irene Adler’s expensive sofa in her luxurious sitting room, his cheekbone bleeding, eyes scanning the ever pricier coffee table, mirror and curtains.
Air and not chlorine water and brick dust.
Sherlock stares at him murderously.
Three months ago, Sunday, nothing to do, no case, and Sherlock was slightly ill. So John took advantage of the quiet in the flat and popped in the film he had wanted to see for a while, ever since his colleagues had found out that he had never seen it and almost laughed him out of the lunch room.
“Sorry to hear you’ve been hurt,” a purring voice sounds from the hall and he presses the handkerchief back to his cheek and whimpers pathetically.
By the time they reach Baker Street, Sherlock has sneezed 57 times in rapid succession and bitten his tongue twice in the attempt of retelling John everything about the case while his teeth have continued to clack together with the cold. He has pulled his socks and shoes back on his icy feet and so he is not sloshing up the stairs to their flat but only clicking away harder than usual.
Sherlock nearly fell off his chair and squeezed John’s hand into a death grip.
“Remember what I said, about how you don’t know where to look?”
Sherlock dares to raise his head and hear what they are there to do. The look of surprise on Sebastian’s face and the slight waver of his perfectly white-blinding smile when met by John’s steady silence makes something warm settle in his stomach.
John’s concentration clearly kicks back a notch, but he swallows and says,
“Not more than Wikipedia. I wasn’t in the bomb squad, as you know.”
Trees. Everywhere around him. Trees so high they seemed to reach the sky, black with no moon or stars to light the firmament.
Sherlock can see why she does not believe that about John. John with his idiotic choices of clothing, softly spoken words and small stature is the perfect image of
Walking slowly through the now brightly lit halls towards the front exit, the awaiting ambulance and Lestrade, who looks like a proud father, he thinks of the cabbie’s last words, squeezed out of him by a patent leather shoe pressing on the fresh bullet wound.
So he is typing at his blog across the kitchen table, the pink phone between them.
They had been instructed not to light the fire during the day. The movement across the bay had become more aggressive now that the Allied had landed in French North Africa, and even with the continuous mist it was too dangerous to draw attention to their position.
He leaves a note on the coffee table, kisses Sherlock’s forehead and takes the short trip to Tesco and back. The bag of groceries drops on the floor with a clunk the moment he sees Sherlock, shivering on the floor by the sofa. He looks up at John, eyes red and cheeks damp, and John folds to his knees in front of him, runs his hands over him, looking for an injury.
John bites his lip and hiccups.
He has known for a while that there are different kinds of love. There is the kind that he feels towards his mother and father, there is the kind that he feels towards Mycroft which verges on adoration, there is the kind he feels towards his distant aunt who only comes to visit once a year and gives him a box of very old chocolates that have clearly been licked by her poodle.
“And…” Molly continues when John hovers into view, rubbing his jaw. “Sorry…”
Sherlock rolls over.
“Mr Holmes!” hissed the nurse all the way down the hall and to John’s bedside. Sherlock decided against asking her whether she was imitating a cobra or a common garter snake, being too busy kissing each of John’s fingers in his crushed hand.
So they fall into bed together every once in a while. Nothing really changes anyway. They just happen to share the sheets now on top of the food, water and electricity as well as the newspaper in the morning.
Sherlock noticed. Of course he did.
“Let me ask you something, Sherlock,” Victor says after a moment.
He jumps. Sherlock doesn’t even stop, but unconsciously indulges in the feeling of John trusting him so much already.
Then he feels something icky and disgusting on his palm and when he draws his hand back, it’s sticky with something green and pink.
“What things?”
“Getting you into crap telly, I mean.”
Stolen sugar in his pocket, he walks back to the inn, spotting John’s slumped figure (
“Victor Trevor,” he giggles.
“The man of the hour! Mr Holmes, here to save the day!”
When the stitches are done and the bandage is in place, he slinks to the bedroom, presses his face into John’s pillow and waits.
He smirks to the ceiling. He has his arm thrown over his eyes, so he takes a moment to analyse his surroundings using his other senses. Taste of champagne still sour on his tongue, the smell of two aftershaves and the heady combination of two breaths in an unaired room in his nostrils. The ache and the smugness are familiar, the smirk growing wider when he catches a glimpse of dark fingermarks on his wrist. But the happiness is something new, something bigger that wasn’t there the first morning.
“Jim?”
The feeling this time is definitely nothing but uncomfortable, so John jumps up to make himself more tea.
” he snarls.
“Why?” he whined.
Sherlock becomes softer, though. His arms are suddenly constantly circling around John and his feet always come to rest over John’s thighs on the sofa, but the new need for intimacy is best seen in Sherlock’s constant presence, continuous touching of John and the tiny soft glances he still tries to keep hidden when they are in public. But then there comes a day when Sherlock is having an excruciatingly terrible time, it’s raining, he has forgotten his scarf, Anderson has been
John stood a few feet away, his rifle slung over his shoulder. He had taken off his coat and rolled up his shirt sleeves, clearly hot from his trek in the woods. His shoes were moist from the undergrowth and he had leaves in his hair.
“Turn off the light!” Sherlock bellows and runs to the switch.
He hated being watched. He hated being the centre of attention. He hated the small sounds the forest was full of, sounds like whispers that did not stop when he turned to look but only seemed to move closer with every step he took.
Christmas dinner.
But the summer progressed and the days grew warmer and warmer. The war became a more distant thought once more, changing again into encrypted messages and voices on the radio. It now became Sherlock’s, who saw it as a job to be done, not as his duty, something John at first thought improper, then began to envy from him. Having nothing to do but to wait and see what time would bring, he took to standing outside, sometimes with a cup of tea, sometimes with his hands in his trouser pockets, a slice of Ryvita in his mouth. His gun never left its place by his side. He seemed relaxed, but Sherlock could see each tendon in his neck stiff with attention, his arms not casually by his sides or folded across his chest but clenching into fists from time to time, ready to grab the cold metal in its holster, ready to act.
He drops the hair with a slight puff.
At dinner, they were sat next to each other and though Mycroft attempted to get Mr Trevor’s attention, he only had eyes and ears for Sherlock. Mrs Holmes, amused by this newly struck friendship, consoled her eldest with a pat on the hand and an extra helping of wine she herself partook willingly as well.
“Lube.”
They are walking along the Embankment, the wind from the Thames shaking Sherlock’s wet curls and making him shiver. John is strolling languidly by him, attempting very hard not to laugh. He seems comfortable and warm in just his shirt, his dinner jacket thrown over his arm, his bowtie finally abandoned and hanging from his trouser pocket. He has unbuttoned his collar and sighs deep at the cooling wind on his skin.
Today it is apricots and John seems to love them.
It’s easier to see John only as a tiny dot. Not being able to count his wrinkles and trying to determine the colour of his eyes. He would never climb back up again after staring into those eyes for longer than a second, even with the sniper watching.
“Enter!” a voice called from inside, disturbing the peace of the hall.
“They will be missed, surely. Of course, Mycroft will not mention the incident directly, but he will send out a coded message – which will be easy enough for the Germans to intercept and decode – that they were killed by something far more regular than two intelligence agents living in the forest like hermits.”
“Happy Christmas.”
Press stop.
Mycroft raises both eyebrows.
When John tries to remove the scarf, Sherlock starts shaking his head to stop him, though the shivering makes it look like a nervous tick.
Sherlock allows himself to be lead away into the darkness of the street.
“I like detective stories
“Not quite yet,” Mycroft replied, going back to his stack of folders and fishing out a very thick one with its contents ranging from very old and torn to relatively new, some of them poking out over the sides of the folder. Mycroft smoothed down the front with his fingers and covered it with his palms. He took a moment to think on what he was going to say, then looked up at Sherlock who had been trying to get a peek at the name on the front of the folder.
Sherlock does shrink most of John’s jumpers (by accident) and makes amends by getting stuff for him for a week. Then he realizes John has started to use the sleep-rumbled shirt because it’s the only fitting jumper he still has and, more importantly, a two sizes too small one that has to be his favourite because it fits too tight on him to be exactly comfortable. Sherlock stops helping, he stops moving altogether and John has to snap his fingers in front of his face to get him back to the present.
The soldier did not have time to turn around and look. A bullet whistled through the air and embedded itself in the back of his head, tearing its way through between his eyes.
John strains his foot a bit, just so that his nails can scratch the more itchy parts of Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock himself arches his back and sighs.
The boys clap and cheer after her as she makes her way to the bar, grabs her coat and is out of the door.
Sherlock stares at the gun on his knees and this time it’s Jim who pushes his head down to avoid another bullet.
John was panting, the hit to the head finally kicking in and making him slightly nauseous after the tussle. Sherlock noticed this, his expression growing worried.
“No, I’m not,” John snarled. “I’m getting-stuck-in-a-tiny-cupboard-also-known-as-upright-
afford to spare. The fact that our best code-breaker is coming along is only due to the current impregnability of the code, but the moment it is deciphered fully, we will be ready and they will not. If Sherlock were to stay here and the code had in fact been a scam and no attack was coming, all would be well. But if we have been scammed and an attack is to take place somewhere else, the consequences could be devastating. We need to have eyes and ears everywhere.”
“Get it off, John!”
“Please don’t leave, please don’t leave me, I’ll be good, just please don’t leave.”
Oh, he has crossed a line. Everyone is quiet, Anderson is staring at him in disgust, but John’s face kills him. It’s like he has disappointed him.
“Who are you?” Sherlock screams before John has the chance to finish.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes eagerly.
She offers to get him coffee.
The doctor deemed John to be fine and promised that he could be released after a week spent in the hospital recovering.
While Sherlock is drying his hair, John starts a fire and makes them more tea. They camp on a blanket in front of the fireplace and start a 5000 piece puzzle since Cluedo is still off the table and stabbed to the wall. Sherlock has a packet of tissues next to him and he is hiding them in his sleeves and down his shirt as he sneezes his way through the packet. John is busy collecting the edges and doesn't pay much attention to how Sherlock’s shirt front is starting to look a bit questionable.
and unlocks the door. Mrs Hudson has already retired, her flat dark and quiet, so he tries to make as little noise as he can. He enters the sitting room and is greeted by the familiar smells of home.
“This is my
, he thought.
It was like ice.
“Like you said, working people up. I rather like being affectionate with you in public since it has twofold advantage while doing it at home only has the one. Don’t worry! A while more and I’ll stroll over there, take a look at the corpse and dazzle everyone with my magical deduction abilities, and then we can go home and start the nursing.”
Sherlock stares.
He looks at John, who crunches his eyebrows at him in confusion.
The reply arrives a second later.
“You,” Sherlock croaks, “had a date, the day we met Irene Adler, you had a date. And you stayed with me. You cancelled the date.”
He turns to look over his shoulder again. His bedroom door is open, nothing out of the ordinary is showing. Except that was were John was looking.
Now he goes face down to the pillows, smells Irene and doesn’t think about his mother at all, dismissing the memory with a metaphorical flick of his wrist. Now, he will smell the perfume, remember Irene Adler, the woman of women, The Woman, and her warm wrist and the smile she gave him when he turned up to cut off the heads of her monsters.
Then there’s the familiar binging of his phone and he is grabbing his coat and walking towards the roof where Moriarty is waiting for him.
Sherlock shakes his head frantically.
He rubbed his temple. The headache was gathering speed, clustering at the back of his neck.
“If you lovebirds don’t stop it right now, I’m gonna put you in separate cells with a lot less enjoyable company!”
Sherlock takes it, flips it open and reads the title page.
Sherlock paces the sitting room angrily and bangs the harpoon sharply against the floor.
There is nowhere to go now, nowhere to hide. Sherlock must return home at intervals or raise the suspicions of both Mrs Hudson and John as well as answer a lot of questions. So he puts on a face, goes home and talks to John as if everything is fine and normal.
He polished his glasses on his immaculate tie before he realised what he was doing.
Moriarty smiles brightly.
“None of us, not even John, have seen any of these people you claim to exist. Could it be possible that you really are alone, Sherlock?”
“You think?” Sherlock mutters, fringe dripping on the pavement with every step he takes.
It did not take long.
he has tried to forget just to be able to sleep at night.
Lestrade chuckles softly at the eager nods of the young officers, looking at Sherlock like he is the second coming. He turns to John, ready to tell what has happened before he arrived, but stops short at the sight of him. John’s eyes are gleaming, he swallows and draws in a shaky breath. Lestrade looks back to Sherlock, growing solemn with the sudden rush of memories of the same voice insulting everyone around him without a pause.
He turned to look at Sherlock, the baby securely clutched against his chest.
He looks at John, studying the pile of photos at the table.
“Thank you for your help, Mr Trevor.”
He has not been this angry with Sherlock for a long time. So, despite the evident threat in his brother’s voice or the private secretary of the Queen being in the same room, Sherlock just has to take it a step further and so he attempts to leave the case and everyone included behind. He almost falls on his back when Mycroft stomps on the sheet and has to hurry to cover himself up.
“Hello?”
“Detective Inspector?”
The crooked half one he gives when someone tells a joke he finds funny.
“The ashtray,” Sherlock says, peeling a piece of potato from the wall.
A pair of seagulls flew over their heads towards the open sea. Their screeches made Sherlock’s ears ring, but he found it comforting that there were other living creatures there with them. For the first time, the bird song streaming from the forest made him feel in control of his environment, safe in the knowledge that they were alone with nature.
, John thinks as he gathers Sherlock better into his lap.
It doesn’t. John leaves, assuring him he’ll be right next door if Sherlock should need him. Before he realises it himself, Sherlock, drugged to the eyeballs, mumbles something into his pillow and flops down on the sheets. He barely registers the sigh and words that sound defeated,
He isn’t angry now. He is scared. He is so scared the glass full of whisky shakes in his hand and he whimpers unintentionally. The patrons in the restaurant have resumed their meals after his little outburst (
“Oh, they do exist. I met several of them in the war.”
“If you ever go back, I will kill you myself.”
Sherlock’s head snaps up.
“Prefix,” Sherlock corrects. “And where is your mother?”
“Follow me,” he gestures towards a door.
He lays a red-leather notebook on the table. He stands still for a moment, eyes moving rapidly over the cover, then he dives into his pocket.
They were sitting further away from the cottage now, perhaps foolishly for they could only barely hear the noise of the radio coming through the open door. John had dug out two sun-bleached deck chairs from the wood shed, a novelty to be found in a fishing hut. To Sherlock’s surprise both of the chairs were still sturdy enough to hold them and sighed as he relaxed into his.
His eyes are like melted chocolate, dark and inviting. He winks and is gone.
Sherlock scoffs like the idea is ludicrous to him.
“You may have symptom-free days,” Doctor Mortimer continues, powered by Mycroft’s intervention. “You may go for a week without feeling any different, but over time you will get worse.”
“My employer has gone through several records of the finest military individuals currently in the employment of the army, but by a personal recommendation he was directed towards you and having read your file he has agreed that you would be the best man for the job.”
John’s hand appears in his field of vision, a familiar box of matches balanced on his palm. For some reason, he is smiling.
A woman. The Woman. Who has photographs of herself with another
It had been so long since he had dared even to glance at his reflection, terrified of his own expression. Every mirror in his flat had been smashed to pieces long ago, every window covered with thick curtains. Even the gleaming silverware his mother had given him one Christmas had been securely stored and locked away in crates.
“There are not many who can see the artfulness in the bloody executions of the innocent, and that is precisely why so many of the serial killers of our time go unnoticed and unpunished. You have to think like they do to be able to catch them.”
John’s gun!
Walking briskly along the halls, John had to run to keep up with him. His eyes kept wandering along the walls, the portraits and memorabilia on them, as well as the several closed doors they passed. To his confusion, every servant walking past them made no noise whatsoever. When he noticed they were all wearing white slippers that covered their whole foot to muffle the sound, he actually stopped to stare and Mr Hartley had to come and collect him for he could not speak out loud to call after him.
His hand goes to his coat pocket.
Sherlock watched as the stronger seagull glided away, the wind supporting its weight perfectly, carrying it away until it disappeared with its loot in its beak.
Every morning the nurse comes in and Sherlock and John are both asleep in John’s bed with Sherlock on his side, squeezing John against himself, nearly falling off the narrow bed.
It’s been so long since Sherlock has heard that word applied to him. Funnily enough, it was Mycroft who said it the last time Sherlock turned down his offer for a case. It was accompanied with a sigh, a tap of an umbrella against the heel of a leather shoe and an air of such surrender Sherlock suddenly felt sorry for his brother.
“The man. He asked where my commander was. He thought I was a soldier.”
He leads him out of the warehouse, clicking his fingers so that the gunmen scatter around across the room, one jumping in the car and turning it on, other two running to the opposite wall to pull open another door. The car disappears through it into the dark, the two men following close behind.
“You could release me first,” Sherlock mutters, his voice thick like syrup. “Then we’d be on equal footing. Well,
“Why does he need to know? He will only be there to make sure I won’t fall into
John returns late, even though it is clear that having caught Miranda on the street, he has only gotten the same kind of smack on the cheek as Sherlock. He smells of lager all the way from the door to the end of the sitting room where Sherlock is sitting on the lists he has written.
He slows down at the line of restaurants by the tube station and draws a book from under his jacket.
Best to show him as soon as possible what he has signed up for. There’s a taxi stopping in front of the house across the street and the passenger is looking outside like he is expecting someone.
“I’ll give you a massage.”
John gave the barrel a final swipe.
John spreads his fingers and begins to drag his hand over Sherlock’s skin, looking for more scars. He finds one on his hip, two on his ankle (tiny bite marks like from a very large cat or a very small dog), lots of little ones on his hands, appendectomy scar on his stomach and a large fresher one on his shoulder.
“How big is the universe?” he asks.
“I take it back. You do know where to look. You just don’t know if you are allowed.”
Hartley extended his hand, and to John’s astonishment he smiled.
“Never mind him,” Mrs Holmes tutted, snatching two glasses from a tray offered to her by the butler and giving the other to Mr Trevor. “How he treats the baby might fool you, but my Sherlock is quite the hermit. Never says good day, always avoids social events.”
“How many of those do we have?”
He digs into his breast pocket for a handkerchief, takes off his glasses and starts wiping them clean.
“I suppose,” he finally breathed out, “that he is one of the things you helped… disappear.”
“John, you were my commanding officer. You know me better than anyone, and even though I am not allowed to discuss it, you know what I did after I was reassigned. You know who I worked for. This Holmes? I've never met him, but I've heard rumours. Of him and his brother.”
“Considering that I haven’t been involved in such affairs for fifteen years, I don’t think the name matters that much. You can give it to me, if you want. I am sure I can read it from the case files in any case.”
“My lab results are ready,” he tells John.“I was right. I know who killed Connie Prince.”
“So you see, you are, to put it bluntly, our last option,” he said, stuffing his tie back under his jacket. “This man has a reputation in the MI6, not less for being my employer’s younger brother - no, sir, I ensure you nepotism has nothing to do with this,” he said firmly at John’s eyebrows that had almost disappeared under his hairline.
” Sherlock barks.
He is happy about it but can’t understand why. Must be his inherent need to make sure everyone is safe.
He does, and instead of talking he pokes his paws under the waistband of John’s jeans.
door of their prison and tried not to faint.
Sherlock looks confused while John’s red puffiness has melted into one of his stoic white-as-marble expressions of sarcastic,
“That you
Sherlock paces back and forth in one of the interrogation rooms at the Yard with Lestrade buzzing around him, pestering him with questions and huffing and puffing like it’s his fault the case is not yet solved and Anderson and Donovan sneering at his inability. John tries to help by whispering something to Lestrade and glaring at Donovan and Anderson which usually makes Sherlock feel better but now gets him angrier than anything. So in the end he pushes John away harshly when he storms out of the door. John stumbles and hits his shoulder painfully against the wall. His bad shoulder, the one that he always turns away in crowded spaces to avoid contact, the one that has begun to ache when it’s damp, the one Sherlock never ever touches because John hates the starburst of scar tissue that has formed after a bullet plummeted through it on a desert in a place John misses and Sherlock wants him never to return to, never to remember, never to dream of.
Sherlock blushes fiercely.
Shirtless, trouserless, only with his underwear on he ran towards the lapping tides.
Pull.
John is humming the second verse of
here?”
“You shoot anything that swims too near. Unless it’s a seal or a duck.”
won’t be there to save them,” Jim accuses, voice full of joyful glee.
“We had one this morning. About the case. We waited half an hour for you.”
“On the contrary, Doctor Watson,” he purred. “My brother insisted that no information other than your name would be given before you entered the room.”
The steps leading to the quadrangle look exactly the same as they did 20 years previous.
“You’re well-guarded,” John chuckles.
“I’m sure they didn’t mean it. The children are just excited about their trip and were running around a bit carelessly.”
, round the corner, and
(Sherlock’s mouth waters), and beer.
“John!”
Always like that, always, always like Sherlock’s staring does not make him uncomfortable but interested in where it is he has gotten himself lost inside his over-sized brain again.
“You are
“What?” Jim asks when he comes back. “And leave mama all alone in here?”
This was John’s forest, John who was somewhere in the dark, now lost to him. He was the one who knew it, had tried to tell him about it, tried to get him to come with him, almost dragging him along to agree on best line of defence if worse came to worst.
“Unfunny.”
“Ye-es, it has been fairly interesting,” Sherlock replies.
The door closes and silence descends. Outside, a car starts and drives away, the pavement rattling under the wheels.
?” the cabbie asks. He watches as the pill make its way slowly towards Sherlock’s shaking lips. “No matter what you do, you’re still the addict ---“
John raised his hands apologetically and took the bedding from Sherlock. He stepped out, and Sherlock could hear him shaking the blanket forcefully. Tiny particles of dust flew in the sunlight and settled over John when he walked back in, without the bedding.
He curses himself. It’s a ruse, has to be. He should have torn the man apart where he stood the moment he opened door. Now John has the upper hand, he has seen him affected.
On the ground next to him lay a copy of
“Sherlock, do not exit that cabin!”
Most of the audience has wrinkles of laughter around their eyes and stupid smiles on their faces, Lestrade and Donovan are shaking with laughter so much that the criminal, who the latter is holding by the shoulder, is shaking slightly as well while looking incredulous that the soaked doofus trotting about in the fountain is the man who apparently will make sure he spends at least a decade in prison.
Mr Holmes sighed in relief (his brother next to him in annoyance) and handed them both another pieces of paper.
But right now someone else can pick up the pieces. He doesn’t want to deal with anyone tonight, he wants to go home and sleep.
Oh, so they dragged Anderson here as well. Wonderful. And apparently didn’t even have to try very hard. Half the police force is here to inspect his flat for recreational drugs because they think he is weird and they want to torment him.
He knew he’d be useless but he can’t bear it. He deleted everything he knew about water except that he was able to drink it and only remembered that it could be used for washing as well when John noted that he could really use a bath.
“If she deviated by one word, the sniper would set her off,” Sherlock says, pacing the room.
“Meep,” apologises Sherlock.
He is only a little kid.
Sherlock edges closer, John’s hand stopping him to remind that the person who left them there has already blown up the building across the street. Moving even slower, he crouches on the floor, almost falls down,startledby the sudden sound of the pink phone ringing in his pocket.
“Ah, they were in the way of my pickled eggs so I moved them to the upper shelf.”
His eyes had gone dark, the slits menacing like a snake’s together with his erratic breathing made Mycroft shudder.
He wants to kiss John so much he feels it in his teeth, but he doesn’t dare.
“You laughed at his ketchup joke though.”
Nothing bothered him if he could not see it. If it stayed behind him, it did not exist. Whenever he walked about on the grounds, he made sure never to even glance towards the trees and the darkness lurking between them.
“What makes you so sure
Little does he know that John is standing at their bedroom window, looking after him as he walks briskly down the street.
He looks to the doorway where Harriet had just stood with Irene holding her against her, behind him where Jim had leaned against the wall, looking like all of this was just a show to entertain him.
“Remember when I was thirteen? When I broke my leg?”
The lights of Baker Street.
In the morning he woke feeling as if he had not slept at all and looked to his left to see Sherlock still buried under the covers, the blanket rising steadily with his breathing. He lay there for a while, appreciating the warmth and calm of the morning, stood up and made tea.
“Look who I brought,” John says and pulls a chair next to Sherlock’s. He gestures Lestrade to sit in it and goes to the kitchen.
“I feel angry,” he replies. “Most of the time. And guilty, right after that. Because I didn’t see it. I’m angry at Sherlock, at… God, or whoever is there. At everyone that had anything to do with this. With him being ill. I know it’s no one’s fault. We can’t help things like these.”
He scribbles a quick note on a piece of paper and puts it in the RAMC mug for John to find. When he returns later that night, John is sitting in his chair. He lifts his head when Sherlock storms in.
“It’s not real. Do you understand me, baby? It’s not real. You’re sick, Sherlock. You’re sick.”
He turns the handle and peaks in.
“Victor,” Sherlock breathed and ran to the door.
It is not too bad, John admits, being naked under covers with a human radiator and having long violinist’s fingers stroking your hipbone. But when Sherlock’s toes go to his stomach, John exhales,
“Wasn’t. And you wouldn’t have lent me any for food. At least not this much.”
“Jim… No, don’t come any closer.”
Shielding his eyes he had started again. The jaw, the mouth, the cheekbones, the eyes, the ears, the forehead, his ridiculous hair.
), Irene Adler’s tongue goes to lick her lips in an erotic imitation of John’s unconscious tic, and he is left staring at John’s misty form that appears in his field of vision, all concern and blurred contours.
So he yelled at John a bit, demanding to have his liver back, and when John discovered that the reason he wanted it returned was an unknown decease that could hypothetically prove fatal to half the population of London, he had begun to yell. Louder and definitely more high-pitched than Sherlock.
) her to show the necessary bodies to Dimmock and himself.
The hiccoughing snort when he inhales his drink.
“You promised you’d stop!”
Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock had been prying details about Mr Trevor out of his brother all afternoon, enticing even his mother’s curiosity as to why he, a man who seemed to despise everyone, was suddenly so interested in someone he had barely even spoken to.
“No, don’t!”
Wilkes nods and smiles as if he’s flattered.
“But you already have a present for me?”
It pleased him to take Victor away from “their people”, as Mycroft called them. Men and women who walked in and out of parties, going on about the same things, same gossip over and over until Sherlock wanted to scream.
By then, John has long since outgrown his dungarees with his name on the back. He is more into everything edible nowadays and Sherlock likes to sneak little snacks for him when their mothers’ are not looking. John’s favourites are the dried fruit Sherlock’s mother buys from a small shop on Mortimer Street and uses to make healthy snacks for her sons.
“How was your mother?” he asks.
And that it was all right to be so, all right to be afraid.
him, Sherlock!” John yells. “You’ve been having your own private fun with him while Lestrade and half the Yard have been trying to locate people who are scared to death with bombs strapped to their chests!”
“Hey, Collins! Keep it down a notch, will you?” Lestrade shouts to the nearest constable. “And scatter the crowd, that’s what you’ve got the tape for!”
“He killed the old lady because she started to describe him, correct?”
Thirty years later, Sherlock still has that photo framed on top of the mantelpiece in his flat on Baker Street. He has looked at it thousands of times, and every time he feels something tugging at his heartstrings, something unknown and unnerving, but at the same time something so wonderful he hopes he could go back to that moment, to see John walk on his own for the first time.
), all the while calculating the force of the current, the distance of the thawed patch of ice he knows is there (has to be there,
Sherlock gulps it in one go and then, when Donovan and Lestrade are looking to the other direction, he dives in and kisses the remains of the sugary tea from John’s lips.
Without further command, Sherlock slipped from his seat and moved to the radio. All senses concentrated on John, he pulled the headphones over his ears and began to move the buttons through pure muscle memory. His voice when it called out for assistance into the microphone was harsh and hurried.
of gold hitting gold, too quiet for any regular person to hear, escaped him completely as well but it was the only thing Sherlock could hear, even though all around him the Monday shoppers continued to chatter, the speakers continued to blare cheery music and the overall whirring and buzzing of London kept on whirring and buzzing as loud as ever.
Jim tries to give him a hand but is laughing so hard he flops down on Sherlock himself.
“I need you, John.”
“Tit for tat,” she says and shakes the item in front of his eyes.
John gulped his coffee down with a large splatter, spitting most of the drink on his shirt and trousers.
His initial source of comfort gone from the room, John thought it best to face his enemy and try and find some other fixed point from the room.
, he thought.
John is so angry at her.
. To them it’s the same as ‘freak’ or ‘psychopath’, the worst thing in their book.
“Where’s yer keeper then?”
“Can’t control a body flying over your bonnet once,” he says and points at the dent. “He hit the victim so that she first flew against the windshield, then slid down the bonnet. She was still on the car when he smashed it against the wall to cover the first hit.”
“Oh, you wicked, wicked man,” he sighs leaning against Sherlock’s chest. “Just amaze them fast as you can. I can’t feel my fingers.”
John wrings the towel again and slides it over Sherlock’s trembling jaw. Scooting down the bed, John gets back under the covers and puts the towel against Sherlock’s neck. He presses his hand on Sherlock's face to sooth the trembles away with his fingers.
Sherlock stopped his kisses with a smack.
“When was the last time you ate?” Sherlock repeats. “You know, food?”
He looks at Sherlock who is lounging on the blanket, looking at the beautiful landscape but saying nothing.
They don’t allow him in without credentials. He tries to explain Victor has made an exception with him but they shake their heads and turn him away. He stumbles out, head spinning, trying to remember where Victor has his lectures today, trying to find help. Jim is there, standing in the courtyard, pointing at each student and teacher that passes him and pretends to shoot them in the back of the head. He spots Sherlock and begins to taunt him.
He shakes Sherlock’s hand enthusiastically and smiles at the camera with his teeth bared.
Christmas dinner, and Sherlock and John are in Sherlock’s old bedroom, John attempting to tie a bowtie around Sherlock’s neck Mrs Holmes has insisted they wear for dinner. He is growing more and more frustrated, while Sherlock stays perfectly still, watching John’s hands work.
It is nothing like what Sherlock got for his sheet, or even his exposed upper torso at the Palace, but John is clearly uncomfortable, like Irene Adler’s nudity in her own home is more disturbing than Sherlock’s at the heart of the British nation.
“No matter what several others might think, your heart is still very much intact, inside your chest and beating. You just think it unnecessary to put into words anything you know to be self-evident.”
The nurse put down her notebook and crossed her hands.
“Go on,” Sherlock encourages again.
“I’d do anything for you.”
“Because I was wounded in action early in the war and I’m pretty much a good for nothing now, yes!”
“No, it was me,” Sherlock admits.
“Hey, hey!”
Mycroft sneers.
“What’s this?” he asks the intrusive item.
John glances at Sherlock, the red dot still circling his heart, then back down on the floor. Sherlock takes a better hold of the gun, eyes glancing at the dot as well.
“I met someone.”
He soon realised it was bin day and if he didn’t hurry he would have to look for the dangerously infectious liver from the tip. Probably with a hazmat suit on.
A slight squirm and a thigh being wrapped around him made him fear John was attempting to gain leverage to roll him off of him, and so he held on more tightly.
But John turns the screen back to himself.
A joke to lighten the mood. And it helps. John finally looks him in the eye. For a moment, Sherlock wonders if he will be reduced to saying ‘please’, but then John sighs and takes up the offered shoe.
“We made a lot of promises when I was eight. And even more after that,” he adds grudgingly.
The sheets in his bed still smell of her when he goes to bed after he returns and buries his nose into the pillow, breathing in the scent that he suddenly remembers from even further back than Irene’s nocturnal visit to his bedroom while he was sleeping off the still tolerable after-effects of her drug.
jokes.
“Oh, shut up, you Grinch,” John says over his shoulder while trying to decorate the windows. “It smells nice, it smells of Christmas and I like it. You just have to tolerate it for a day and then we can get rid of it. You can eat the candies off it if that’ll make you feel better.”
“You can’t... Seriously, you can’t swim?”
At Baker Street, Lestrade is waiting for them in the sitting room with a stern expression on his face, a file in hand and Sally Donovan standing behind him like a bodyguard. The latter part never knows well. If Sally Donovan is desperate enough to grace their flat with her presence, something must really be amiss.
“But you tolerate it. For me. You never do anything you don’t want to and you make sure everyone knows. But you do those things for me, you defy boredom and visit me in a hospital every day, even though your brain must be gnawing its way through your skull.”
She finds John later in the sitting room, staring at the dozens of pictures of little curly-haired Sherlock pouting at the camera. The only picture with him smiling is surprisingly enough with Mycroft, the big brother supporting the younger on his shoulders in the garden under a huge apple tree with the fruit ripe and juicy and just out of the reach of Sherlock’s chubby fingers.
He ran across the yard, grateful for the first time that John had made sure he knew every crook and indentation on the ground. His feet knew where to step and he was able to move without making a sound.
Sherlock had let out a little snort at that. He guessed he must have looked pretty funny.
Then he takes another step forward.
There was no need, however. Mr Hartley looked positively deflated and just stared at Doctor Albertson’s desk.
When their mother had fallen ill, John had already enlisted in the army and been shipped away, while Harriet – twenty-five and strong-willed – had stayed in London in the prospect of marrying soon. A man she had been engaged to for a while travelled so much due to his business the date was not set until Mrs Watson's dire diagnosis, after which he devoted his time and money to his new bride and mother-in-law. John heard all about this in a letter Harriet sent him, tear patterns dotting the words describing her husband’s great kindness as well as the speedy decline in their mother’s health.
Outside the café, they start down the path towards the quadrangles, taking a detour over the grass. They walk slowly, not in a hurry anywhere, and Sherlock feels completely at ease inside the stone walls for the first time in a while.
“Shh, shhhh, don’t cry.”
) enter the sitting room and tell Sherlock to get dressed and follow them. Rolling his eyes at the offered suit, Sherlock slips John’s flip flops on his feet but does not part with the sheet.
“I’m not that young myself.”
Sherlock snatches the folder and strides back into the flat, sits at his desk and doesn’t pay any mind to anything surrounding him anymore.
It was irrational, his sudden hate of John’s protectiveness. Everything he did, always calm and compassionate, so different from the hovering and nagging of his brother, suddenly irritated him and made him want to scream at him.
She still has not seen what John truly is. Behind the shell of comfy jumpers and military rest he is as addicted to danger and blood and violent situations as Sherlock is.
He grabs Sherlock’s hair painfully, so tightly it feels like it will come off in his fist. The pain inside his head intensifies.
So John didn’t trust anyone.
Sherlock replies with words he has not said to his brother in years.
This one is almost too easy. There’s still three hours left on the clock when he solves it. The bomber has actually given him a clue this time.
John still has nightmares about explosions and blood and sometimes Sherlock wakes up to his screams or to a silent thud when John falls off the bed. He never goes upstairs because it would be no use. John doesn’t like to talk of his memories, so Sherlock decides on making new ones. He goes to Lestrade every day if there are no other cases, just to get something, even a small one that will help John think of something other than bombs and bodies covered in sand and make him so exhausted he will sleep without nightmares.
Jim, Irene and Harriet are standing by the lake, shadows drawn long by the setting sun. They are further away than they have ever been before, like they do not dare to come close anymore. Sherlock looks at them long enough for John to catch the direction of his eyes and takes his hand.
“Cold turkey! We agreed!”
Mycroft Holmes stands at the door.
“Thank you,” he says slowly.
A voice whispers in the dark,
“Sherlock, help us.”
Sherlock’s flat was nearer than Mr Trevor’s apartment on the other side of the park, and the driver set off towards Baker Street first. They drove on quietly, the snow falling steadily, colouring the whole of Westminster in white. It was very cold, but Sherlock hardly noticed. He suddenly felt very warm when Mr Trevor pressed against him.
“Then talk to me in your own voice,” Sherlock coos.
“You’ve only been there for 12 hours,” John sighs. “How bad can it be?”
“No reason at all.”
He keeps yelling and insulting John even when Lestrade arrives and phones for an ambulance. The paramedics carry John away on a stretcher and Sherlock follows close by, continuing to hurl insults at him. When the paramedics slam the doors of the ambulance closed in front of his nose, he explodes. He bangs at the doors, kicks the tyres and starts throwing small rocks at the retreating car as it drives away. Lestrade takes a hold of his hand and threatens him with an arrest. Sherlock snarls at him, throws the rock at Anderson, who is bent over the fresh, still slightly smouldering corpse Perkins has left behind on the ground, and hits him at the back of the head.
But when Mrs Holmes wanted something, she also got it. Before she retired to her bedroom for her short kip, she had driven Mycroft into a corner with her insistence, the Wednesday next was agreed on, and Mycroft had no choice but to surrender. The evening ended with him losing spectacularly to his brother, who captured almost all of his pieces before taking pity and checkmating his king.
“You were so broken back then,” she continues, eyes drifting down with the movement of her finger, lower and lower towards his pelvis. “I just couldn’t take advantage of it. Anyway, if we had done it, you would have been ready to say yes to anything, even staying with me and taking care of Harriet. And you wouldn’t want that to have happened.”
Sherlock lifts his head to see John better. His eyes are sparkling and he is grinning the content smile of the highly intoxicated in his happiness of seeing John again. He closes his eyes and purses his lips.
“No, that is definitely yours,” answers Sherlock. “My knees have been lost somewhere under the sofa cushions. I think they’re having a fight with the dust balls there. I really have to have a talk with Mrs Hudson about the hoovering.”
. The conversation takes a completely unexpected turn when John tries to convince her he and Sherlock are not a couple and she bulldozes him with a quick ‘Yes, you are.’
them?”
is there. Some sort of social gathering arranged by Victor Trevor, one where he doesn’t have to buy a single drink for himself or the girls he tries to get into his bed by offering to buy them a drink.
“He will catch his death,” she shakes her head. “It’s freezing outside.”
A soft bang startles him and makes him raise his head again. John is standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame, he looks at Sherlock like he did the first time he came to see him on Baker Street.
He dares a peak, and sees the glimmer of gold on a stumpy ring finger, a hand laying on his chest, and similar finger marks decorating the arm attached to the man sleeping soundly on his side.
“It's not that, though I still don’t know who that is,” Sherlock sniffs. “That’s what Father used to do with me when I was ill.”
The man sitting across the table from Doctor Albertson, however, was the very opposite of the good doctor. His black attire first made John think he had to be a funeral director and that the government agent had been asked to wait in the other room while Doctor Albertson settled the affairs of a recently deceased patient, but then the man stood up and in his pose John read first military, then
“Hello, there.”
They stay quiet for a moment. Sherlock’s gaze doesn’t return to where Jim is standing but inspects Victor’s desk and the bric-a-brac covering it instead. Victor waits for him to speak, hands crossed over the desk.
So exhilarating to see John smile in this kind of situation. For some reason smiling hurts a bit but not as much as Moriarty’s scream of joy from behind them, “Sorry, boys! I’m so
It is quite cold in the sitting room. The broken windows letting in cold breeze from outside would be enough to freeze Sherlock to the bone even without John's icy mood to accompany it.
“Never mind him,” Lestrade says with a wave of his hand, like he could brush the whole problem away with just a flick of his wrist. “The others miss you. They’d become quite attached to you, some had even started to admire you. I hear there is a cult being formed around your name.”
“You’ll never get rid of me, Sherlock! I’ll always be there!” Jim bellows from the other side of the doors.
It’s always been his time of change, cleaning out his mind palace and organising his paperwork, tossing out unnecessary experiments, notes and samples.
¸ thought Sherlock), then began to tear Sherlock’s wet clothes off him. He pulled his woollen jumper over his head and stuffed Sherlock’s hands into the sleeves. He stripped Sherlock’s trousers off in one swift move, then took off his own and draped a blanket over Sherlock’s shoulders.
Spider-Man. John’s favourite comic hero when he was growing up.
“What if it’s a very big seal?” Sherlock yelled after him.
Let John think he has been bored, let him think Sherlock is just happy to see him like any other husband would be. Anything to keep him safe.
A final
John’s face comes closer.
“Friend?” he asks, eyes popping round.
followed lately? Have you been feeling like somebody is watching you?”
“There is nothing for me there now,” he had said. His mother had been the last of his family and, if Natalie was willing, she could be that to him from now on.
He had barely slept due to his own sneezing and the wheezing cough from Watson’s side of the room. The constant creaking of the bed boards had told him that Watson had been tossing and turning as well, moaning and gasping occasionally before going completely still.
“Am I a good lover, John?”
“Unbelievable. Your feet are still cold.”
“Which is why you decided to send me to a death trap?” Sherlock sneered before he had the chance to continue.
Every morning once John has disappeared into the bathroom with his robe on and his towel thrown over his shoulder, Sherlock stands behind the door, presses his head against the wood and listens.
“And Mycroft?”
John’s aim is getting weaker. He looks close to tears, shaking with spent energy and rage. Sherlock can’t bring himself to care, even though somewhere at the back of his head he really wants to, he wants so much to get up from the floor and take hold of John’s hand, stop him from breaking any more of his property and tell him he is sorry.
At two, John wakes up to a feverish Sherlock climbing next to him to his bed. The whole man is radiating with warmth when he collapses half on top of John in his attempt to slide next to him gracefully. The bed is pushed against the wall and John sleeps on the door side of it, so the only way to the unoccupied side is over him.
Sherlock felt curiosity tugging at the back of his head. He wanted to rummage through John’s bag, his wallet, see if he had anything hidden away. A journal maybe.
They burst out the door to the city Sherlock loves, especially now that it’s dark and there are less people on the streets. The incessant buzzing of the London inhabitants during the day brings nearly nothing new to his mind palace, only the annoying daily tasks people take so seriously even though they mean nothing in the end.
It is a wonderful case. Full of interesting witnesses, a 20-year-old murder, a dark moor and a monster of a dog Sherlock does not believe exists at first. He has trained himself only to believe in what he sees and not to let feelings interfere with his work.
They had been at it since breakfast, only John’s pen scratching on paper occasionally breaking the silence. When a nurse entered with lunch, they both startled at the sudden intrusion.
Mr Hartley nodded.
“Don’t worry, I know John doesn’t mind. And this is not from one of the students. A professor in the medical department, Molly Hooper, teaches a few pathology courses and has asked you to give a lecture on the subject.”
attack from the enemy is of such a scale that we have to be ready to act as fast as possible. But we have to act in secret. This is our one trump card with them. When the attack comes and we stop it in its tracks, the
“You like the funny cases, don’t you? The surprising ones?” Lestrade asks him as he walks to his desk.
Mycroft had pulled strings again and provided John with a private room, and so Sherlock was able to do what he did at home and put up one of his Walls of Horrors, provided that he covered the more gory pictures with a large whiteboard every time one of the hospital staff came in.
John moves from his spot at the table where he has stopped to look at one of the articles and on his way to the fridge he glances towards Sherlock’s bedroom. Lifting his eyes, he sees Sherlock staring at him and blushes crimson.
Sherlock doesn’t like the extravaganza his landlady and flatmate are apparently putting together with twinkly lights and mistletoe hanging everywhere, the skull getting a Christmas hat as well as a stocking of its own (Sherlock peeks, and John has actually given the skull the same amount of chocolates and small bric-a-brac as he has Sherlock and himself) and a decent-sized Christmas tree smelling away in the corner.
Sherlock liked Lady Eva and enjoyed her company. She was oblivious to everything her son did unless it pleased her immensely, which it often did. On such occasions she would be the loudest of the party to brag about her offspring, telling of Victor’s latest accomplishment to anyone within earshot. Her utter devotion to her son’s happiness as well as her complete lack of interest to his dealings ensured that no matter what Sherlock said or did in her company never made her like him any less. He made Victor happy, so he made her happy. He could have jumped over the table to kiss Victor, dragging the tablecloth and her ladyship’s supper with him to the ground and pin Victor to the floor, and she would only have invited everyone at the table to admire Victor’s new cufflinks.
He is gobbling them up faster than Sherlock can put his hand into the bag to get them out.
“Better invite me in then,” Mr Trevor replied challengingly, his feet dangling precariously over both sides of the branch. He leaned his elbows against the windowpane and smiled.
He reached out his hand to take another date from the picnic basket, only to discover that the fruit along with better part of the rest of their lunch had disappeared unnoticed into the dog’s maw.
She leans back against the bench with a sigh of contentment, shaking her head slightly, like she can’t quite believe what she’s hearing. She grows solemn when Sherlock suddenly asks,
John browsed the shelves with different sorts of disgusting things in them (
Sherlock sees the knife chucked towards John’s heart sunk deep into his bicep and John himself fall on the ground with a loud gasp, hitting his head on the pavement as he goes. The suspect has already disappeared round the corner when Sherlock falls to John’s side.
“I don’t want to miss anything.”
John’s trust is something else, something complete and thorough.
Sherlock grasped at the fingers.
It pleased him that Victor found his flat so comfortable and was instantly at home. Unlike their families, he did not draw attention to things being “below their class” but took them in like they had always been a part of his life.
Standing at the door, his coat dripping with rain, his face pale, his posture straight as an arrow, he looked decades older.
It’s not far away now, the solution. It’s hidden somewhere in the seating order of a plane leaving from Heathrow that night, in Mycroft’s whispered confirmation on the phone, in
They are all so very similar, love-deprived and starved, and that is why he saves her in the end. He flies off to Karachi, puts his sword-fighting skills to use and takes the main role in her knight-in-a-shining-armor fantasy.
“Sherlock, I was joking! Don’t take off your shirt, you’re still ill!”
“What do you need this for, then?”
Warm. Like the skin on the back of John’s neck must be warm now that he has been asleep for several hours, face buried in his arms. His shoulder must be aching. Sherlock tests the deepness of his sleep by walking past him and brushing against his back. That he can sign off as a stagger while pacing and thinking.
Not that he has had the time to write to her either. Jim has recruited him as a kind of on-and-off consultant and between assignments from him as well as the cases from Lestrade he has been keeping busy. As promised, Jim does not contact him often and keeps their association tightly under lid, partly to protect himself, partly for Sherlock’s personal safety.
She begins to recite.
“No you can’t.”
scratched on the floor and the absence of a pink suitcase, and he finds himself on the sofa in the sitting room of Baker Street, head spinning with the case and the three nicotine patches he has glued on his arm, texting John to arrive as fast as possible.
He doesn’t know how much of it he says out loud. He is never going to ask. And John doesn’t mention it either. That’s the second time he has seen Sherlock laid out all bare and sore and he has only wanted to comfort him on both occasions.
He doesn’t remember its name.
When they come down, Sherlock’s eyes are clear and staring intently into John’s. He is not somewhere far away now but looking like there hasn’t been weeks of no contact at all, like they have been doing this on a regular basis, not just the two quick tumbles in the last seven hours. John suddenly feels like he is going to implode. Tears tickle in the corners of his eyes and he starts to giggle. He sniffles and smiles and blinks and laughs, all at the same time, while Sherlock nuzzles his neck and cheeks and mouth, planting kisses on every surface of skin he can get to, and John chuckles and sobs at the rough tickle of his four-day stubble.
His voice breaks on the third one, and Sherlock can’t stand it.
“Well, what did you expect? You were out of your head, drooling everywhere with god knows what running in your veins. I wasn’t sure as hell going to leave you alone.”
John turned around.
When he finally understands that
“You need not sit so close to do it.”
“I missed you,” he says.
“These are all from her website,” Mycroft says, handing him more prints of Irene Adler, the first one featuring her with a whip she seems to be keen on chewing. Sherlock makes sure he scrapes Mycroft’s hand with his fingernails when he takes the photos. Childish, but so is their whole relationship these days. Mycroft barely flinches, but his smile wavers and he looks away.
John reaches his hand out to touch her cheek, and she turns her stare on him before locking back to Sherlock’s dazed gaze.
at the Christmas party. He only turns round, makes the pondering face he always does and walks out of the room.
Knowing John, he has gone to see his brother the moment he has realised who must have given Kitty Riley the information about him. What else are arch enemies for, but to pass on false information to the people you love?
Again, Sherlock clutches at him like a drowning man.
Sherlock stood outside in the bright sunshine, the radio on full volume next to him. Despite the cold air, he had rolled up his shirtsleeves and opened the top buttons to let the wind touch his skin. He felt as if it blew straight inside him, touched his inner core and continued on, leaving him cold and shivering.
Since in Sherlock’s world of logic John’s ideal morning is tea (
“This cell is considerably larger than the crate we hid in ---“
“I don’t believe you,” Sherlock says, turning his head to look to his sides. His vision is beginning to clear up.
Pointedly avoiding the ashtray on the table, Sherlock took the cigarette between his fingers and shook off the rest of the loose ashes on the floor.
John grows worried at the sight of him the moment he sees him sitting at the window again that night, lurking in the shadows, only his hand extended to push the blinds apart.
After a few minutes he heard the engine start, the ground rustle under the wheels and the car drive away. The van the private had driven was to remain with them, in case they had to get out fast. They would have to hide it soon.
Behind him, leaning against the wall of the hut, staring out to the sea, Victor began to hum quietly under his breath. His eyes were bright and distant, like two moons.
The beach that opened by their front door was only a tiny stretch of rocks, but behind the cottage the forest loomed vast and full of unnerving sounds, like the presence of something that was constantly looking at them.
“Poor little soldier, stuck in the middle of nowhere with the terrible sodomite!” he mocked.
“Hey, Holmes,” he hears behind him.
Sherlock smiles. Never mind the poisoning and scaring him to death, at least for once it has not been him who has wrecked a possible relationship for John, at least not directly, and he is vaguely thankful to the late Bob Frankland.
“Shush! They’ll hear us!”
John giggles and nods.
“I think I’m going to die.”
His eyes never stray.
He snarled at Sherlock who was still slightly disorientated from the kick to his backside and the fall to the floor, twisted himself again so that he could hold Sherlock by his biceps and pressed both his knees against his torso, trapping Sherlock under him.
“You’re unattached, like me.”
The single good thing to come out of this is that John is watching the telly with him, actually talking to him (at least a little), as they watch the news about the events the next morning, the story completely fabricated by the right authorities.
“I need to talk to you.”
It wasn’t the missed swimming classes of his childhood or summer holidays spend by the sea, his toes buried in the sand and his nose in a book while others sloshed away in the blue waves. It wasn’t
“Yes, and I guess they are never going to stop. But I think on some level I need them there. To remind me of what is real, what I could have lost if I didn’t have John. Or you.”
The next day John went back to the forest, leaving Sherlock standing in the middle of the room, unsure how to continue his search.
Suddenly his own brain kicks in again, he dashes to the street, runs upstairs, is stabbed with a needle, slammed down with a leather riding crop (
He has time now, waiting for Victor to leave his lecture hall full of similar students, eager to learn the secrets of numbers and become famous mathematicians. Most of them will never have that. Most of them will never succeed in discovering anything new and original. Most of them will change field or become researchers, or analysts, or teachers like Victor.
Sherlock kicks her in the stomach and the men are instantly on him, the driver and another man jumping out of the car and rushing towards them.
As he took a step forward, Sherlock leaned over his desk and vomited on the boy’s shoes.
John doesn't look up, merely turns his attention to Sherlock’s other hand, his touch suddenly even more gentle and caring than before.
People walking past them stop to stare, several of them gathering round them to see what the commotion is about. He turns to them and screams,
“No, John,” said Sherlock, starting on his next calculation, how many Lestrades would it take to fill the room if they were all on their hands and knees. “We were let out an hour ago and I carried you into a taxi and up the stairs to Baker Street without you waking up. It just so happens that I enjoyed this cell so much I carried you back here, still without waking you up.”
“What was that about, Jim?” Sherlock asks as they make their way towards the pay phone, a Jaguar suddenly having appeared across the road, another faceless man standing next to it with keys in his hand.
When he is eight years old, Sherlock decides he will marry John Watson.
He is dressed in a suit, expensive one at that, with a hideous decorative tie and a flower in his buttonhole. He smells clean and musky, mixture of soaps and cologne, a hint of steak dinner he has finished by tapping his mouth against the handkerchief poking from his breast pocket.
John rolled the soldier completely off him, took his riffle and slipped it over his shoulder by the strap. Then he bent down again to whisper,
“Jim Moriarty. Hi.”
At three o’clock on Sunday morning, John’s mobile starts to buzz on the night stand in the room he shares with Harry and their parents. He snatches up the phone without looking and goes to the bathroom to speak.
Sherlock swirls around to see Jim standing at the open door. “All the little doctors will have a little meeting and get you back in the little hospital.”
He texts Mycroft who replies with a confirmation that John is sitting in his office.
This is different from the silent treatment he usually gets. Before it has been John’s stomping footsteps down the stairs and the bang of the front door, night or two spent away and the awaited return after which everything goes to normal.
Such a juvenile comment deserved a juvenile response; Sherlock stuck out his tongue.
Sherlock hated his calmness.
He feels like he is on fire.
So when he next sees John, it’s over the barrel of a smoking gun, accompanied by several loud shots into the smiley face he has sprayed on the wall.
“That’s the best you can come up with?” John snorted.
“No, love,” John pats Sherlock’s curls with his free hand. “We don’t.”
For the next week he plays his violin, barely eats or talks to John or Mrs Hudson. Irene Adler has a plan, and he needs to know what it is. He writes her down as notes on pieces of paper and plays them in front of the window, hoping to see her walk by, or at least one of her minions. She has to be in hiding for the plan to work, she will need the phone when she wants her life back.
A wave of nausea gripped his stomach and he stopped to lean against a tree. Panting and gagging he retched over the moss, the stink of the bile forcing him to cover his nose. He breathed in, attempting to steady his breathing, trying to hear.
“You kissed first.”
How does it feel to be
Sherlock’s teeth hurt.
“I’ll be outside.”
“How long exactly?” asked John. He was pacing the cell, counting the tiles as he went.
John turns his head slightly to ask if Sherlock wants to spend Christmas there. Sherlock nods against his shoulder.
John is no different from him. Even with kidnapped children on the agenda, his thoughts are first and foremost on Sherlock, his hands showing all the emotions that go through him the moment Sally opens her mouth and release when they leave the flat.
Sherlock falls to his knees on the floor, ears full of noises, of Irene and Harriet sobbing, Jim humming a small tune under his breath, and John’s heavy breathing.
“Any problems, just let us know,” Sherlock hears John chirp to the Californian before he closes the taxi door.
He watches John in clubs surrounded by people way younger than him. Sherlock wonders whether the Kesha song beating from the speakers reminds John of Moriarty and the Semtex vest. Apparently not, since he keeps on moving to the music instead of running away as fast as possible. He is not young, bored or pretty. No, he is devastatingly beautiful as well as a good dancer, and the women around him are clearly interested.
He sees Sherlock and beams.
But John is smiling, that’s confusing.
He had used his full name to distance himself from him, to refer to him as an almighty entity that couldn’t be touched by human emotions.
“Coming?”
“That was not a criticism, Sherlock,” Victor says solemnly. “Even though it came out like one.”
John burrows deeper into Sherlock’s scarf, trying to look as sick and hurt as possible so Sherlock will kiss him again.
“Quite a lot of fun you’ve had with this one, eh?” he asks.
Belarus is a disaster.
And then it all really goes to hell.
After a few seconds of silence, Sherlock opens the door and scrambles out. Jim yells after him, trying to tell him to wait, but Sherlock is out and a bullet comes whistling through the air from a bush and hits him on the side. He falls down in the dirt with a yelp but before the gunman hiding in the dark has a chance to finish the job, Jim releases a series of shots over the car to where he has seen the muzzle blast. A hollow growl rises from the dark. Then it’s quiet again.
John looks at him.
The man sitting by the desk in the room lifts his eyes from the exam papers, realises who has appeared in his doorway and freezes.
John’s smile just widens. His gaze goes to the broken ashtray, and it’s like he is actually sorry it’s now in pieces.
Neither option seems to bother him at the moment. His eyes are hooded and his mouth is set into a sated happy smile.
It is hard not to laugh at the image of John finding the note from the bottom of his mug after he had finished his tea and putting his limited deduction abilities to use, realising Sherlock actually tried to inform him about his movements, smiling when he understood he was not left behind but with a message conveying Sherlock thought about him before he left.
Sherlock peers at him from his crouch over the box, his eyes stony to cover the concern.
Sherlock pondered on the last remark as Mr Trevor continued to edge his hand up over his trousers. He did not seem at all disturbed that someone could in fact see and hear them, but instead inched to sit even closer to him, fingers lingering on the tendons between his thigh and groin, leaning in to whisper in his ear,
Sherlock woke with a sneeze, another, a third. He lifted his head, fourth sneeze shaking his body so that the mattress slid a few inches across the floor. He pinched his nose, trying not to breathe in any more of the dust that was settling back down on the bedding after having been thoroughly shaken by his nightly tossing and turning, coughing and sneezing, and now more of the latter as he sat up.
Sherlock shrugs.
He goes to her and brushes his finger over her temple.
Or yet even worse, he himself crouching over John. Pushed down from a high building, bullet finally having pierced through something more important than shoulder muscle, eyes filled with flies from weeks of being hidden in someone’s cellar.
wasn’t kind.”
“The Germans don’t yet know that we have been able to decipher part of their code. They are only using a new one because Sherlock managed to crack their old one – with the help of a few colleagues – and when he cracks this one, and he will do so, we will use it to find out everything we can about their current plans before they realise their precious renewed code is not as secure as they thought and their plans have been infiltrated.”
“Don’t worry, he’s just working you up for what happened last time.”
“Sherlock,” John whispers gently though he realises Sherlock can’t possibly hear him. He was so close to the explosion, so close to Perkins going to bits that his ears must be ringing.
Two months later John has all but moved back to his old room upstairs. Two months later, and Sherlock barely speaks a word to him or anyone else if it doesn’t have to do with the case. Two months later, and they haven’t touched each other for so long the John in Sherlock’s mind has turned into a pulp that slithers and creeps on the walls of the rooms and speaks unintelligibly in a tone that barely resembles the way John used to speak to him before. Two months later, and his desire for John gets so intense he tastes it, inky in his mouth, and it makes him gag.
Around them, the other cashiers and customers waiting for their shopping to be bagged agreed as well.
‘Friends’ and ‘feelings’. The two f-words.
He did not dare sell at first, but little by little the rooms grew too big and the house became more and more like a haunted mansion and less and less the warm and happy home of his memories. In the end, the expenses of keeping it up became too great (he politely declined any offers of help from Harriet’s husband) and he was forced to sell. He moved to a small flat in East London from where he could commute to the military hospital he now worked at as more of a glorified nurse and busybody than a doctor. Unable to perform surgeries, prevented from administering or even prescribing medication, he spent his time doing the most menial tasks he could find, emptying bedpans, making the beds, supporting the men unable to move by themselves on their daily walks in the garden, anything, everything.
Sherlock continued the story, still whispering.
walk away.
“May I ask what the occasion is?”
“He is real! He is!”
Sherlock kept looking after the man and the dog wagging its tail happily, enjoying the perfect weather of the June afternoon, while its master kept on glancing over his shoulder at the couple by the pond.
, the phone rings very early in the morning. Lucy Maria was born healthy and so fast there wasn’t any time to call. They go to the hospital the next day and Molly lowers her daughter on Sherlock’s arms, her wedding ring gleaming on the table next to a glass vase of flowers.
A few bills, a medical journal for John and a letter for him. He recognises Irene’s handwriting and almost drops the rest of the mail.
,” Victor steals Sherlock’s last pawn from his fingers, “am going to meet up with the head of the department tomorrow morning to get congratulated on my services to the university and told that I have a bright future as the head in front of me. But your accomplishments? Zero.”
Mycroft sends him to Helsinki in the middle of winter. The cold and the blizzard clear his head somewhat and he finds a gift shop near his hotel that sells the most stupid little bric-a-brac one can get from their travels to faraway lands. Before he can think it through, he buys John a special kind of tea that smells sweet and comforting. Back at the hotel he thinks about flushing the stuff down the toilet like he did with the drugs, but instead ends up keeping the bag and carries it with him in his suitcase. Every time he opens it, the smell of the tea fills his nostrils and he thinks about John.
Sherlock grimaced. The mattress was firm enough, he was not worried about sore muscles or aching back, but it would get cold in the winter. It was already March and the heatwave would hit them soon enough. But come October, he would have to drag his mattress as close to the fireplace as he could.
His fingers hover over the skin before he dares to touch it, stroke over the point where the bullet crazed him only a few weeks back.
Back at Baker Street, John has clearly just broken up with his girlfriend and gone through the whole flat with the help of Mrs Hudson in search of anything that might aid Sherlock in breaking his years of abstinence. Worrying about his sock index, unable to look John in the eye, Sherlock goes to his bedroom and locks the door.
“Stop his heart.”
The realisation makes Sherlock blush as well and he buries his head in the suitcase while John takes a look at the bodies.
“I told you you'd be seeing me,” he hisses before the line goes dead.
“John. He doesn’t think you are unable to love.”
Sherlock turns to look as well. Nothing there. Back to the screen.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the end it is him who cannot keep the promise of never leaving.
His shirt front is soaking wet with punch and there’s bits of fruit in his hair. The evening had ended with Donovan storming into the room, throwing a full glass of punch in his face and stomping back out.
Now his expression changed, and he turned to the sergeant.
“I haven’t had a chance to practise the social niceties in a while.”
He grabs his coat and dashes out to the street. John follows right at his heels, without the cane, and Sherlock smirks to himself before getting hit by the on-coming traffic he has forgotten still exists now that he is in the middle of a chase.
John pulled the gun out from its holster and held it out to him. Sherlock took it, the metal heavy on his palm, clean and cold like a dead thing.
“People aren’t always nice?” John asks, finger sliding on Sherlock’s shoulder now.
John smiles.
“Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock.”
He turns around suddenly and steps in front of Sherlock who stumbles to a halt.
As the summer passed, the weather turned from cool to boiling. The forest grew quiet, the animals tired in the heat that covered everything like a blanket. Even the trees seemed to rest their tops downward in their exhaustion. John rolled up his shirtsleeves and kept working. For Sherlock the sudden heat was overwhelming. On the days he felt the lethargy crawl over him, he studied John more intently than usual, pretending to be busy with his equipment, inspecting him from the corner of his eye.
“You look funny,” her voice rings out and it sounds like hundreds of small bells being played.
As a sign of agreement, Sherlock whimpers, sounding exactly like John’s aunt’s terrier after she got her tail stuck between the door hinges.
“All right?”
John looks so small sitting at the table in the meeting room. His hands on his lap, eyes cast down he is like an abandoned child in a strange place where no one wants to help him. He looks up when he hears the door open.
But he will not take the risk.
“You would have stayed and lived there if the librarians hadn’t found you hiding in the fiction section. Really impressed them with your knowledge of French curse words.”
“What do you think James’ role in this all is, then? Is he just a useful middleman recruited by us as the easiest way to get to you?”
“Bollocks. I’ve seen you. Covering your yawns when we’re watching Bond. Or itching to look at your phone when we’re having a pint with my friends.”
“Am I making you uncomfortable? Are your mediocre cooking skills growing weaker as we speak?”
Sherlock stares at the television screen, tapping his cheek with his finger.
But then.
That hurts more than Irene Adler’s leather riding crop.
Water droplets dripped down Sherlock’s neck and forehead, over his nose and into his mouth as John kissed him with a quiet breath of his name.
“Stop it,” he says to whoever is watching them, whoever is pointing that red laser against John’s chest.
“Look, I’ll find another hiding place. I can hide behind one of the boxes ---“
“But my employer does,” he says cheerily.
In the open door, his brother who despised him, tolerated him only because of what he could do for the country, allowing him to work in the epicentre of the code breaking effort because he was the smartest man in the country.
Ordinary little girl, who just wants be saved.
“You loved that place.”
“Mycroft,” John says quietly, “I have asked you here out of politeness because you are Sherlock’s next of kin. But I am his husband, and if you can’t act civilized towards him in our own home, I will throw you out on your arse and you can be sure that the next time you show yourself here, you won’t be welcome.”
“I’ve always loved this view,” John sighs. “Used to come here with my parents. We’d pack a lunch and spend the whole afternoon here. My dad taught me how to fly a kite and mum would help me with my homework.”
He is not mocking, only smiling. Encouraging. It takes a moment for Sherlock to remember what one usually says in situations like this.
She smiles.
Mycroft’s warm hand in his, guiding him through the landmines of his childhood.
Sherlock gaped.
Sherlock looks lost.
John had warned him not to get too close to the edge. The rocks were dangerous themselves, but the sea in December was no laughing matter, especially when the only way to get out was to go round the bigger rock formation and over the smaller rocks. It was a fifteen-minute climb.
The hatch slammed shut and they heard the shuffling of footsteps retreat.
He goes to see Mycroft, because Mycroft used to have all the answers, Mycroft used to fix everything. He can fix Sherlock, put him back on track with a snide remark.
“Sherlock, you can
He comes home to an empty flat, the note he nailed to the kitchen wall still in place, no sign of John. He changes into his pyjamas and lounges round the flat, his brain gnawing at him to go out, to do
John finally tears his gaze away from the photograph of the latest victim’s bloody corpse to stare at Sherlock who is busy trying to look as if he has not been staring but leafing intently through a 20-year-old phone book he has dug up from one of the evidence boxes on the table.
“5.56, then, love,” said the woman bagging their groceries in one of the ridiculously frail see-through bags.
Pinching his lips together, Sherlock approaches the body and whips out his magnifying glass. Lestrade and Anderson follow slowly behind, Lestrade more bothered by the smell, Anderson snarling at Sherlock through gritted teeth and trying to breathe through his mouth at the same time. His face goes green and he runs to the window.
Sherlock grasps John’s shoulders so hard it hurts and sloshes the water weakly with his feet.
He looks at John.
John frowned at the choice of words.
Warmth seeps through Sherlock’s fingers and he startles out of his reverie. He looks at John walk towards the sitting room to enjoy his tea in front of the telly.
“Better with dead people than the living,” Sherlock corrects. “I like to open up cadavers and mix cocktails that can make them blow up. My brother always tells me I have double the brain and half the heart.”
“Your coat,” he stammered. “I thought you had gone out.”
John, on his rotation that night, is cleaning his hands, his own gentle and soothing, wrapping bandages expertly around Sherlock’s torn flesh. He has been practicing for years, studying in the same brightly lit halls where Sherlock sat and listened to lectures on organic chemistry.
A wail of crying rises at the other end of the hall.
It’s all so absurd they forget the reason John thinks Sherlock is wearing the sheet and laugh their arses off at the fact that he is wearing bedding in Buckingham Palace of all places. Their joy only intensifies when Mycroft emerges from the room next door just in time for John’s ‘Here to see the Queen?’
He caught the bag of wholegrain John threw at his face and breathed in the smell.
Two years later, Sherlock was once again back on that spot on a visit to Lady Eva, the sprightful woman now reduced to a shadow of what she used to be and the manor in shambles. Leaving his mother to keep her ladyship company, he walked out, through the park and the woods to the pond now full of weed, its water muddy with no one to take care of it. Staring at the still water, the midday sun shining in his eyes and making them ache, he lay himself down in the grass and stared up at the celestial body through the leaves of the trees.
Sherlock chuckles.
Thick black blood pours out of its mouth as it speaks. The scene clearing from the dust, John can see that its lips are painted crimson, somehow shinier than the rest of its blood-covered face, almost pornographic in colour.
And Dewer’s Hollow.
“Him? Your main asset is a person?”
“Stop, Sherlock.”
Sherlock can’t say anything.
“Usually he is above it all, never has had direct contact with any of the victims. He organises everything but no one ever sees him or speaks to him directly.”
“Ah, Tom and Jerry! We’ll have to see what we can do about that.”
“Five hundred. An hour. Cash.”
“One shard, two shards, three shards,” he counts as he swipes each on his palm and dips them in the bin.
“Probably best to do the same with that. You have asthma?”
“And I see that you believe you still have a rendez-vouz with Anderson by the punch bowl. I wouldn’t hold my breath. He is behind the large ficus in the hall, snogging that clerk trainee with blonde hair and huge breasts.”
Pondering John's clearly unconscious move, he turned around and pointed the rifle at the wall.
His heart feels like it drops through his chest and onto the tiled floor. He staggers to stay upright and hold the gun steadily.
John returns nine days later, happy and tired after a week in the forests with his parents, and the moment he comes through the door, Sherlock breaks. He doesn’t cry, he can’t, but he attaches himself on John, kisses every inch of him and drags him to the bedroom without answering any questions.
“My Sherlock was like that when he himself was a baby. Despised everyone but me. I guess she sees a kindred spirit in him.”
He can’t stop thinking about it. His hand begins to shake every time John gets too close (which is about 3 feet now), and he stops breathing every time John praises him.
Sherlock blinks.
“Enter,” called the deep, sonorous voice he knew so well.
John doesn’t sigh or change his tone.
“I couldn’t help around the house. I couldn’t help Mrs Hudson put away the shopping. I couldn’t…”
In the flood of people moving along towards the enticing smells of the dinner table, Sherlock stood still, a wayward rock in the current of ordinary human beings.
But his neck hurts.
“But… if he created these… these people and only really got ill when we met, then it’s because of me, he hasn’t been ill before he met me ---“
By the large fireplace which took almost the entirety of the wall on the right side of the door, two people stood, ramrod straight, staring at him.
John’s anger face is the same as his musing face and already Sherlock is tuning in on the difference between the two. This one is definitely not John pondering on the fate of Jennifer Wilson, and Sherlock can’t bear to look at it.
“The victims, Sherlock!” John hollers. “The people who are threatened and strapped into bombs. There are lives at stake! Do you care about any of that?”
Mycroft plays his part perfectly and John huffs into Bart’s lab only half an hour later, obviously full of anger, but trying not to let it show.
Now they both freeze.
“It would give me too much hope.”
Sherlock stroked his fingers through John’s sweaty hair, his thumb coming down to rest over his cheek to block the tears that still kept flowing. John hiccoughed quietly, sniffling like a child, and Sherlock moved both his hands to rest against his cheeks, stroking the hot skin soothingly.
“I just like Doctor Watson to hear how idiotic you are.”
He doesn’t even stop outside the sitting room door but continues directly upstairs.
“Did you really think you could make up someone like me? James Moriarty?” Jim asks.
John stares at Doctor Mortimer.
He likes to flirt, Sherlock notices. A lot.
At the clank of the letterbox, Sherlock trudges downstairs to see whether the taxidermy supplies he ordered have finally arrived. No parcel in sight (he is really going to call that company and tell them off), he grabs the few letters with a huff and makes his way back upstairs.
“Serves you right for dragging me along,” he dropped the bag in the basket.
He can’t sit down. He knows there’s more to come.
“This is real.”
“Sherlock?” John says again.
The ones closest to him jumped in time with each bang of his fist against the table. So fast was the pace and so forceful was the effect of the white fist hitting the wood, they all looked like they had a violent case of the hiccoughs.
John jumped slightly. He had already gotten used to the silence around him and the sudden loudness made him feel uneasy. But not as much as the tone of the voice. Other than being demanding, as if the speaker was used to being the one in command, it lacked all emotion.
Now Sherlock laughs, but he is clearly pleased with the news. Then he grows solemn, glances at the wall over the sofa where the collages about his cases would usually be but which is now completely bare. Instead, he turns to the desk and takes up a large notebook and hands it to Lestrade.
He finds himself staring at the spot just at the bottom of John’s throat, the hollow, the deep, the what’s-its-name between the clavicles, that he sees now only when John has that one shirt on that exposes anything under his Adam’s apple. He doesn’t wear it often, only when everything else is in the wash, and it’s the only shirt he has that actually reveals something.
He grabbed John’s arm and pulled, making him trip. He looked over his shoulder. The sweep of the torch light from the other room was getting bigger and ever nearer. He had to decide soon whether being stuffed into a box for a short while was better than getting shot full of holes.
He was always too nice, Bob Frankland was.
A perfect night for them to attack unnoticed.
Pharyngitis takes its time, keeping Sherlock’s throat inflamed and the man himself unable to speak. For days, it’s like living with a sick toddler craving for attention and entertainment. Sherlock stays close to John the whole time, climbs on top of him or next to him every time he sits or lies down and sleeps with his head buried in his stomach every night.
It is never easy, the endings. Sherlock knows it now. Endings where you have to leave everything you care about, the only person you love behind, even if it means saving their lives. Endings where he never gets over the pain because every second he continues to live hurts.
There is a case, informs Lestrade (and Sherlock will murder him if it is not a good one), and off they go to see severed heads, a suitcase full of money and several dead bodies of which only half are missing their heads.
He was trying to sound cheery, and though Sherlock usually hated his feeble jokes and cheeriness he found himself smiling now which made his split lip hurt, and the whimper that followed made his head ache even worse. He opened his mouth to say something, another joke to lighten the mood.
He pretends to pay no mind to John get up and inform him he is going to Sarah’s and will bring milk when he gets back.
He dreams of incineration, crematoriums, furnaces, arsons that trap him inside buildings and burn him to dust, leaving only his teeth and bones. Only small scraps that will make sure that whoever finds him knows they’re standing on a pile of human dust.
During the following months, Sherlock visited the Trevor mansion as often as he could. Victor rarely had the need to extend an invitation to him for his mother took care that Sherlock was there to entertain her son on the weekends. During the week Victor was in town and dined with Sherlock each night, often inviting him back to his town house. When Sherlock visited the manor in the country, he stayed in a room decorated with green and gold and filled with massive old oak furniture.
Of course Mycroft would have insisted his protector wear only the best of firearms. The other handguns were also Enfields.
“I’m only chopping tomatoes. Nothing new or fancy about that,” says John, his lips pursing out in concentration when he accidentally squishes one quarter of the veg into a mush.
“Remind me to never get angry at you again for taking your boredom out on our sitting room wall,” John mutters as he flips the pager in his fingers.
A green, furry-hooded parka, small-statured man, light hair, gleaming eyes too far away to distinguish the colour.
“Fantastic job by the way.”
“Not at all,” John said amiably, sipping from his mug. “Just making conversation.”
He’s been going too fast, getting too cocky, too exposed. Once again, the crash is inevitable. Hitting the breaks won’t have any effect, he won’t be able to avoid the impact of what Moriarty has in store for him.
Moriarty’s gaze travels up to stare at the ceiling.
John is furious, and Sherlock can’t understand why.
Several crumpled tissues fall to the floor.
“This
On the third evening after the explosion, John falls asleep next to Sherlock and opens his eyes a few hours later the second Sherlock opens his and they stare at each other for a heartbeat before Sherlock lunges at him.
“Well, finally good news! Where is she?”
“No, don’t be obvious. I mean, I am going to kill you anyway, some day. I don’t want to rush it though. I’m saving it for something special. No, no, no, no, no.”
He is back the next morning as Sherlock makes his way towards the library again. Irene and Harriet are walking hand in hand on his left, Jim with his hands in his pockets marching briskly on his right.
“Get it off, get it off, please.”
He felt Victor stroke his palm with his thumb.
she keeps above her work station and pretend to retch.”
“A way of ensuring my interest would be held until the grand finale, I expect.”
John goes home to sleep for 14 hours, Sherlock goes to Mycroft’s to be flown to Marrakech to fight evil on 3 hours of sleep.
Clearly they don’t take his word for it because the gun one of the less devious henchmen has merely been pointing at John’s back is now pressed against his neck.
“It’s not that,” Sherlock muttered, inhaling the steam from his mug.
John looks out of the window to see freely flowing grass and flower beds, the tree long gone.
“Jim, this is Sherlock Holmes,” Molly says breathlessly.
Then he stops.
“I wanted to give it to Redbeard. As a treat,” Sherlock opposes, looking around like he is expecting to see someone.
“I don’t think Kate caught your name,” the voice continues.
Weeks went by. John did all the housework, which seemed to suit him fine. Sherlock saw in him the need to be useful in any way possible and was happy to straddle him with the washing, cleaning, cooking and all of the other chores he had never found too interesting. John chopped the wood, lit the fire and took care of the water pump which he used to pump rain water into a tank in the wall which in turn was attached to the faucet, providing them with clean water without the bother of carrying buckets. Sherlock followed every movement he made, the tasks he had always deemed irrelevant transformed in the way John carried them out, back straight as an arrow, an air of ease around him, whistling or humming occasionally.
“Why did you stop taking your medication?” he asks Sherlock.
“Which is why I’m asking you to go and do your duty in securing your country’s future.”
“No, Anderson is my sniffer dog.”
The first morning with John.
Like all men of war who spend enough time with each other in close quarters, they learned everything there was to know about the other in a matter of months. John talked constantly, told Sherlock stories about his childhood and his family, and after a while Sherlock found himself speaking as well, cradling a mug of tea between his palms, talking about some mischief he had caused to Mycroft on a trip to their grandparents’ summer house in Bournemouth when he was five years old.
Buttoning up his coat, he cursed to himself with every unsuccessful attempt at getting a button through its appropriate hole, growing angrier and angrier by his soaked dinner jacket and the uncooperative coat until he gave up completely, wrapped his scarf around his neck and turned to walk through the door.
John feels like crying himself. He hushes Sherlock, hugs him tighter, kisses him deep and rubs circles on his back.
Another lick.
From then on it’s easy. Suddenly it is so simple to communicate with John about the case, test his abilities at deducing what is to come next and no one is more surprised than Sherlock when he pulls on his coat and invites John to follow him to Angelo’s, sit down at the table by the window and begin what could be a long evening spent waiting for a possible murderer to arrive.
