Cas holds his ground, not at all concerned.
He nods, willing himself to relax and sit down. A decision still needs to be made, and Lucifer is still his best source of counsel on this matter, regardless of the end result of his relationship.
“Well, I’m glad Charlie has uncles I can trust to watch over him,” Linda says softly.
When they’d met face to face, he’d openly flirted with him and only became angry once he realized Lucifer had been teaching him things of a sexual nature. Dean had even called him his angel. Were they an item in his universe? Why wouldn’t he just come out and tell him if they were? He would have never insinuated Dean didn’t matter to him if he’d known that beautiful man had been part of the life he’d left behind.
“I’ve known him for over a decade. Dean never gets any easier to predict. It’s impossible to tell what’s going through his head unless he blurts it out.”
Cas lips twitch, debating whether or not to let Dean in on Lucifer's existential crisis.  He decides that he doesn't want to give Lucifer another reason to dislike Dean.
“I think Castiel would like a minute alone with you.”
Cas initiates a group hug blissfully unaware of the gravity of the exchange.
“No, but I’m going to find out,” he says to himself.
“I’m Dean.”
He pours himself another drink. Mind mulling over what little information Castiel had offered on his paramour. If this Righteous Man truly is Michael’s sword, his Father couldn’t be behind the two of them meeting. He smirks, if anything should the two get together, it would completely upend that version of Father’s plans, possibly permanently. He sighs again, thinking of Chloe. Why couldn’t he stay away? Was she really a golden chain designed to wrap around him and rob him of his power? Or was this Dear Old Dad’s idea of a joke? She’s everything you ever wanted, and I made her for you. He chucks the empty glass on the floor in frustration.
Dean laughs because yeah, that makes a whole lot of sense. He has no doubt Cas was the cutest angel in the garrison. Of course people were interested before him. Too bad for them, Dean’s about to put a ring on it.
There’s something playful in his gaze, and he meaningfully takes a hold of his hand. Cas heart jumps. He can’t possibly be misinterpreting that signal. So, the Righteous Man’s answer completely catches him off guard.
“You dressed me up as a cowboy and took me to a cowboy themed hotel with our son,” Cas says, daring him to give a platonic explanation for that.
Dean had come to the penthouse to visit Lucifer, not him. He’d finished his set early, eager to chase after him and stake a claim on the off chance the green eyed man had caught his brother’s interest after all.
Lucky for them, they clean up nice and have the right look to get waved into the club fairly easily. He’s glad Lucifer doesn’t seem to know their faces because he’d prefer to avoid breaking in after hours if they can help it, especially when they don’t really know what the devil’s deal is in this world. He regrets misplacing the Colt now, holy water and Devil’s traps aren’t going to cut it. At least, Sam still has Ruby’s knife neatly tucked away in his jacket.
Maybe, it is.
Cas stiffens, knowing exactly what the devil is about to do. The only question is whether or not he’ll stop him. He’s about to interfere when he gets the second half of the memory, the one that convinced him that he must have been evil incarnate.
“He is the Righteous Man. My garrison was in charge of retrieving him from the throws of Hell. I gripped him tight and raised him from perdition, and I’ve known no peace since.”
Dean’s blood goes cold. He can hear the record scratch as he stops thinking and freezes up.
“Too long but I can’t say I didn’t enjoy parts of the ride,” Cas says as he allows his wings to slip into another dimension now that he’s proven his point.
“I asked around while you were busy drooling. Lucifer is up there in the balcony sitting next to a guy that . . . kind of looks like Superman for some reason.”
He chuckles fondly at the memory. He shuts his eyes and tightens his grip on Cas’s neck to ready himself to take the angel express. There’s a familiar terrifying rush and in seconds they're back on solid ground. They end up in a high end penthouse that Dean Smith would probably kill to get his hands on.
“Why do you always have to make me cry, man?”
“One last thing, should I reschedule your interview with the adoption agency? Or is that still on the table?”
"When did you start hanging out with these two?"
“Lucifer no. It’s not what you think.”
My how the tables have turned.
“Don’t scold me. He’s practically my husband,” he says putting his invisible wings back in attack mode. Amenadiel must notice because he backs off a little.
"He's not."
“I’m afraid that’s nonrefundable,” he says in his usual deadpan.
“You’re welcome. I also took the liberty of putting Sam up in the Hilton for the night. So, you should be free of interruptions if you decide to take things further. ”
“Not you two specifically, Lucifer can be trying, even at the best of times,” he admits.
Cas decides it's his turn to be cheeky and keeps going.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
He’ll have to fix that.
“You’re an angel.”
The dude’s totally checking him out. Cas shoots daggers at the interloper as invisible wings surround Dean protectively.
Castiel nods. He understands that now. Besides, better that he chase away customers here, than for him to suddenly break into the homes of any patron who is foolish enough to ignore the return date or Heaven forbid, lose or damage the book in any way. He’s not sure the poor humans who tried such a thing would come out unscathed.
“Good, glad one of you has some sense. Why couldn’t you marry that one?”
Dean shoots the devil a dirty look for bringing up the stupid rebar, but a drink appears in his hand, and all is forgiven.
Dean immediately narrows his eyes and stumbles forward. He grabs him by the lapels so they're only inches apart. Cas resists the urge to close the distance.
“And you must be Dean. From the way Lucy talked about you, I assumed you’d be rotten to the core, but your soul is so bright. I’m not surprised my brother was drawn to you. Welcome to the family,” he says, briefly wrapping his arm around his shoulder and giving him a small squeeze.
Cas slinks further into the sofa in shame, looking down at his tea. He does tend to come here when he is in trouble. Time moves faster in this place. He can stay a few days, clear his head, and return to Dean in minutes if he wants. That way Dean never has the opportunity to miss him, and he can vent to people who in no way are associated with Dean.
Like it or not, he’s here to stay.
Dean frowns, not getting it. He’s just a little buzzed. Sure, his filter is practically gone, but this is probably the best time for him to go to therapy. Otherwise, he’d more than likely give Linda the cold shoulder and give one word answers because he’s so terrified that they’re going to steal his angel. Why wouldn’t they? He took the ‘iel from Castiel and never looked back.
“Dean, I think we should go to couples counseling.”
He hates that his life has become a chick flick moment.
He stops pacing, frowning at him, looking slightly guilty like he’s wronged Dean somehow. He gives him a thumbs up to reassure him he’s fine. He just creases his eyebrows in worry.
“Not that we don’t love Jack, but it would've been nice to actually hold him like this,” Dean amends, rocking Charlie quietly.
In Which Dean makes up with Cas and they make couple friends
He thinks of Samandriel’s words.
“I could.”
If he plays his cards right, he can buy himself some time, and they can be engaged for another decade. Dean knows for a fact he’d be able to get away with it. Cas has ridiculously low expectations when it comes to their love life. Surprisingly though, his angel does the wing flick thing and crosses his arms.
Cas chuckles like it’s adorable that Dean thinks he’s the first human he’s ever met or whatever.
Aziraphale claps, and Crowley’s snickers. He scowls at them, but Cas leads him away, casually filling him in on what he’s been up to when he wasn’t in research mode.
His angel is so freaking stubborn. They could be there in a blink, but Cas doesn’t want him to fry his brain on angel mojo more than he already has. Honestly, he doesn’t think another few seconds will make a difference. What an overprotective pain in the ass, his double wasn’t the one who ended up hooked on drugs.
“Well, Lucifer and Sam do share a more profound bond, Dean.”
When they return, the place is spotless, and the alcohol’s been replaced like nothing ever happened. The benefits of being rich if he had to guess. The devil is on the piano playing some haunting melody of his own creation that hits him deep. He stops abruptly when he notices them, far too relieved to see them safe and sound. It’s strange to see the devil worried, to think of him as something other than an obstacle to overcome.
This guy has no idea how close he is to being stabbed with a dinner fork.
“Me, I make him weak,” he says.
"Sounds great, Babe."
Michael lets out a strangled laugh.
“Because he loves you, you idiot,” Lucifer snaps.
Aziraphale spares either of them from having to answer. Dean blinks, and they're suddenly inside the Ritz. No one nearby bats an eye.
Dean’s face falls as a stab of disappointment runs through him. He didn’t think Cas would hesitate like this. Old insecurities crop up with a vengeance. Maybe, he’d been right all along about them being too different to make it work.
“I-I’m going to go. This-this was stupid.”
Cas isn’t going to lose more family because of him. He has to get this right. Dean wants to do better this time.
“I’ve been seeing a therapist, and she recommended-”
Panic seizes him, and he’s halfway to the elevator before he can even think. He can’t let Dean leave without talking to him first. If nothing else, he’d like to apologize before he’s gone forever.
“Cas, I love you. Where exactly did you think we were heading?”
“Super, I love weddings,” Amenadiel says, sounding way too enthusiastic about the whole thing.
“You did.”
He doesn’t remember everything yet, but someday, soon, he will, and that’s enough for him. He already knows the most important thing. He loves this man, and he might have trouble saying it, but this man loves him right back.
He gave the room another once over. “I’m worried about the bed, and honestly... this shit’s
Dean’s lips on his made his mind short circuit and he forgot why he was even annoyed.
Move faster, as much as I love a good chase, I’m getting bored.” He fought the urge to push Cas again, instead opting to move in front of him. He rounded the corner into the sanctuary and tried to quiet the voices in his mind screaming for him to just get it over with. Castiel would be dead soon and the voices appeased, but he had...
Dean checked his phone multiple times that day, hoping Cas would text, not that he’d ever admit that to anyone. When he never did, Dean had to stop himself from texting at
“How would I know? I’ve never even spoken to him.”
Castiel was asleep before the end of the second movie and Dean realized he’d much rather be watching Cas sleep anyway.
Dean sighs, remembering last night's events.
“Please, Dean. I can’t take it anymore. Please fuck me.”
Cas hardened in his jeans, and the thought of
He rolled his eyes. “Glad they got my eyes wrong, we can use that to our advantage. I look kind of Asian in that sketch huh?”
Dean grinned and pulled his fingers out of Cas, once more gripping his hands to keep him pinned as he
getting there. He began looking for a place to pull off that wouldn’t be conspicuous.
Dean:
Charlie whistles to get his attention. “Wait! Don’t leave yet, we still have to do the awards!”
right to have Dean’s crotch pressing up against his ass. Again, he blamed the tequila. “Sorry, can you... show me again? I wasn’t paying attention.”
Not when it wasn’t for money. When he was picked up by a random hot guy and fucked in their car for the hell of it, he’d forget sometimes. But he’d always make his way to Planned Parenthood soon after and so far, he’s only caught the curable ones. He thinks it’s worked out in his favor.
“Yes. My Husband and I left our room without the room key. And we were wondering if you could maybe open it up for us so we could get our key, that would be amazing,” Cas said, smiling.
“Cas, what did ya just say?”, Dean asked with a confused look on his face.
------------------
“Listen here you little shit. Just because you are an angel doesn’t mean that I won’t drop/kick your ass back to Heaven the second I see your face. Do I make myself clear?”
“Oh Gabe, I’m sorry. I just got embarrassed. I didn’t mean to yell. I-”,
“Well, that’s great. I assume you said yes,” Cas said.
“Massaging you,” Sam said, his hands going deeper into the layers of feathers. Gabe gasped, the pleasure was intense and Sam’s hands. Oh, his hands. They could reach places that he didn’t even know existed.
***********************************************
“Aww c’mon Cas,” Dean said, “I didn’t mean anything.”
“Cas, I’m fine. It’s just been a little while since I have been on a bed as soft as this. It’s all ok,” Dean interrupted, raising his arms up towards Cas. Cas waddled over to Dean and when Dean went for the kiss, Castiel turned around and gave Dean a mouthful of feathers.
Fluff. That's all I have to say.
It's all implied shit. So use your imagination to see them having sexy times. I'm feeling a bit of writer's block, so updates will be farther in between. BUT, I am NOT giving up. There are 1-2 more chapters left, so not much left to do. my mental health also hasn't been to good recently (musical peeps, "Michael in the bathroom has been on repeat for the past couple of days). But as always. Love you all and see ya next post.
Gabe got up and followed him out. “No it’s because you're my little bit of sunshine and your name being Sam it only makes sense that you are my Samshine.” Sam blushed at the thought of him being someone’s sunshine. Much less Gabe’s. He had thought he was too dark, too twisted for anyone to love him. Sure, Dean loved him but that was strictly brotherly. For the longest time, Sam longed for someone to look at him the way Cas looked at his brother. And now that he had someone like that-
“Now that I have your attention, massage my wings,” Cas said, shoving his wings in Deans face.
“No my wife will not be joining me because she doesn’t exist. This,” pointing to Cas, “Is my husband”, Dean said, his glaring at the man.
“Promise?”
“I can. Gabe should be happy to help Sam. I know he hasn’t seen you since the wedding. He wanted to ask you something Sam,” Cas said.
“Cuddles, now?” Cas asks innocently.
“Uhhh...because it has my clothes in it?” Dean said, confused.
“Now Sam-I-Am, we both know that isn’t true at all. Now wanna tell the best boyfriend ever the truth?”
“Hello and welcome. What can I get for you?”, The man behind the counter was young, maybe in his mid-twenties. And fit. Dean gave the man a once over before looking at his dom to do the talking.
“Dean, tell me Now,” Cas was now using his Dom voice. Dean didn’t want to worry Cas more, so he decided to speak.
“They aren’t there. I was in there this morning.”
“Well, Squirrel, I thought I had too but I guess one escaped. I don’t know. Although, It would be more helpful if you could send that angel of yours down here to help with the case,” Crowley said.
“Hey, Gabe. Look at me. It’ll be real fast. If you want, I can wear something that you pick out,” Sam said this with a gentle voice.
“Can we see the Eiffel Tower? I heard Paris was The City of Love~” Cas joked, looking down at his hands.
Dean took the fork in his mouth and looked up into Cas’s eyes, under his lashes. He added a little moan and noticed Cas shift his legs in the chair. He slowly took the fork out, making sure Cas could see his tongue swirling around tips. Dean drew out the process making sure Cas saw what he could do with just a fork. When Dean finished with his little “show”, He winked up at Cas.
“What time this morning?” This was crucial information. If they had sent them out yesterday then that meant they were either dead or being held captive as well.
“Yes, of course Cas. You know, I would do anything for you. I love you,” Dean said nervously. Even though they were married, he still felt weird saying ‘I love you’ to Cas.
“Oh no, I’m fine. But I do think we should sit down and have a talk with Sam and Gabe. I have a feeling there is more than meets the eye with them.” Dean narrowed his eyes at the last part.
He was wearing a dark blue suit that was just tight enough to show off his best
“Aaaa. Here I go. Samuel William Winchester, will you make me the luckiest archangel alive and go on a date with me?” Gabe said looking down at the tiled floor.
Also keep an eye out for either a new Supernatural story, Snowbaz, or Legend of Zelda story. Lots of fics planned out, so keep an eye out. <3 ;)
“Hello? Sam, Gabe. I’m sorry for Dean’s behavior. He can be quite...well, you know. Anyways, I’m happy for you two. I know Gabe has been with multiple people but Sam, he has never been more happy than these past months. Here, I’ll put you on speaker and hopefully we can talk some sense into Dean.”
“Ahhh yes Mr. Winchester. Will your wife be joining you? If not then I can suggest you change the reservation to the double twin suit,” The man said, looking at Dean with a bright smile.
, your dear angel was just telling us about how all the children had been caught doing things that they shouldn’t have been doing. Illegal things,” Crowley said sneering. “ It seems that you need a haircut, Moose. Because your hair seems to block any information from entering your skull. Not like your skull isn’t thick enough already.”
“Salut, Peut-on avoir deux commandes de Pot-au-feu avec une bouteille de Bordeaux?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They stood like for a couple of minutes. Cas snuck his hand behind Dean so that it rested on Dean’s ass.
“Alright Dean, where is the jacket you were wearing last night? Oh, the pants as well,” Cas said, looking around the room.
“Listen, Dean. I’m sorry you had to find out this way but-”, Sam said.
This chapter has a lot of talking, sorry not sorry. However, Next chapter will be the last. But fret not because I have so many planned fics and my next project will most likely be my 5 times. So enjoy. <3
Gabe walked over to Sam and placed his hands over Sam’s.
“Hey, you asked me to be here. Do you want my help or not? ‘Cause the nickname comes with the help. They’re a package deal,” Gabe said defensively. Sam simply shook his head. “What about this hunt requires the help of Heaven's finest angel?” Gabe said rubbing his hands together and smirking.
“Be safe Sam,”Gabe said into Sam’s lips.
Dean could get lost in Cas’s eyes just as easy as Cas could in his. Cas’s sky blue eyes sparkled like diamonds in sunlight. Dean loved Cas’s morning hair. He stuck up in places that should be flat and laid down in places that it should stick up. Dean gave Cas a sweet smile and then devoured Cas’s lips.
“Well, now neither of us can ever show our faces on their land because she says if we do she is not afraid to press charges,” Crowley said. Gabe sighed.
Dean looked down and winked at Cas. “Mind out of the gutter, Mr. Winchester,”Cas said, removing his hand.
“Well, that was certainly better than I was expecting. Honestly, you could make loads of cash if you made a quick little career change. But, I would prefer to keep you to myself. If you don’t mind.” Gabe looked Sam up and down and couldn’t believe that he hadn’t told Sam how he felt sooner. “Listen, I was thinking. What if we had a night out on the town? Get your mind off things for awhile.”
At this, Gabe woke up. He sat up and draped his arms around the youngest Winchester. He could tell Sam was tense, so he started pressing small kisses all over Sam’s back and neck. Sam let out a low moan. While he did this Gabe took the phone gently, from Sam.
Sam lifted Gabe’s head with his fore-finger and thumb. “Gabe, I do really mean it. And you know, I am here for you, always.”
Sam couldn’t deny those eyes. “Fine, I’ll do it.”
“Was he right? Am I really not a hero? Is my skull too thick, or is my hair too long?”, Sam asked, throwing on his undershirt.
“Sammie, you there?”
“Listen Sam, me and Cas need to talk to you and Gabe. Are you sleeping with Gabe?”
A sudden movement behind him, brought Sam back to reality. Sam rushed to the angel’s side.
He had packed a special outfit (ok, Sam made him pack it, but he still packed it and that’s all that matters).
-----------
“He is a half-goat, half-demon creature from Central Europe that takes children that misbehave. He is sometimes referred to as ‘Santa’s Evil Twin’” Gabe said. He looked bored, like this monster was the least of his issues.
“Well, well, well. I must say, I am not surprised to find this. When Gabe vanished in the middle of the questioning the parents thought that we were devil worshippers. I mean, I may be the King of Hell but that is offensive,” Crowley said, acting like this was completely normal.
“Dammit. This time you are asking for the key,” Dean said walking towards the elevator. They both entered. Dean moved his hands over his crotch.
“Yeah uh lemme ask him. Hey, can you ask Gabe to go help Sam?” Dean said.
Gabriel, was knocked unconscious across the room. And the Krampus looked happy with himself. Typically Sam didn’t let emotions rule him in a fight, but screw that. This wasn’t a normal fight. Sam would kill that creature if it killed him.
“Dean, I got the keys. Let's go and get some breakfast.” Cas said getting into the car. Dean got in the car with a wide grin on his face. He put his hand on the console, reaching for Cas’s hand. “No sir. I may be an angel but I am not a reckless driver.”
“Well maybe I wasn’t talking to you,” Cas said, digging through his bag for his book. Dean shook his head, suddenly remembering that Cas took his last name.
“Gabe, are you ok? You look nervous and flustered,” Sam asked
“Well, the more we wait, the more my brain starts thinking, so let’s get this show on the road.”  Cas nodded in agreement.
“Alright,” Dean said, he looked up and saw Cas reaching for the phone. “Here Cas wants to talk to you,” Dean said as he handed over the phone..
“Ohhh Dean. That is the stuff,” Cas said, his mouth forming a small O. Dean laughs softly. Dean runs the angels wing for 30 or so minutes before gently picking up the angel and placing him on the bed. Cas’s eyes fluttered open. “Where are you going Dean?” Cas asked as he sat up. He didn’t want Dean to leave him.
“We got married about a month ago but are just now getting on with the honeymoon part.” Cas said, as he elbowed Dean in the side. “Stop, you're scaring the man, Dean.” Cas said through clenched teeth. “I’m sorry. My husband can be quite uhhh...protective at times to say the least. We are dreadfully sorry.” Cas paid the man and then went out to unlock the bike with the code Dean had been handed. Cas slid on the bike, taking the front seat. Dean had wanted the front so that Cas would look at his ass, but Dean could make this work. He just had to work a little extra harder, maybe get some people to look at his ass. It was a hot day and Dena was starting to regret wearing a black shirt. However as he looked around (Cas was doing most of the work), he saw multiple people staring at him as he sped by. Dean let a small smirk take control of his lips.
“Well, where’s the fun in that?” Dean smirked, knowing that Cas didn’t like Dean spending extra money on him. Cas scoffed and looked away. Dean knew that Cas wasn't really mad at him; he was just mad at the fact that Dean had kept it a secret.
“Shhh. I’m just getting up to stretch and use the bathroom. I’m not leaving you. Not yet, that is,” Sam said, lightly chuckling.
*********************
“This is your Pilot speaking. Here in about 15 minutes we will be experiencing some turbulence.”
“Yes Dean?”
“I don’t care Dean. I will not be a driver that breaks the law,” Cas said, almost using his Dom tone that told Dean not to push the subject. Dean sighed heavily. “Dean,” Cas warned, making sure both hands were on the wheel. Dean rolled his eyes and turned his head to look out the window. “What do you have in mind for breakfast, Dean?”
Dean nodded and left the room, Cas tailing behind him.
“Bag, please,” Gabe said, not looking up at Sam.
“Sure Cas, let’s do it. Ya know, it’s a normal thing to do and our lives are anything but normal.” Dean stood up and stretched. “What time are the reservations for?”
“Howdy Samsquatch!” Gabe said.
“No. I sent Sam on this case so me and you could have some fun and goddammit we will have some fun!” Dean said almost shouting.
Sam couldn’t believe his ears. Gabe really loved him. He had never felt this way about anyone and he couldn’t believe that someone, much less an archangel of the lord felt the same towards him. Sam finished buttoning his shirt and walked over to Gabe. He bent down and stared at Gabe's lips. Gabe’s lips were cracked and cut from previous battles. Sam’s eyes moved to the rest of his face. Gabe’s face was beautiful. His eyes were like beautiful glasses of bubbling champagne. His hair was like threads of gold and felt like silk. Sam liked  his hair. Sam did have to do a lot to look good and when he didn’t try to make it look good it looked like a mess. However, Gabe’s hair was perfect all the time. Gabe’s bed-head wasn’ bad at all. Sam loved running his fingers through the golden locks and could do it all day.
Dean turned back to his book and propped his feet up, into Cas’s lap. Cas chuckled and pulled his phone out and started watching his newest, favorite show, RuPaul’s Drag Race. He massaged Dean’s feet as RuPauls voice came flooding through his headphones and into his ears. Dean snuggled just a little more into the couch. His eyes began to droop a little bit as he struggled to stay awake. Cas’s wings unfurled and the tips touched Dean’s left shoulder. Dean leaned into the touch and felt completely at peace. He soon fell asleep, slumped against the couch and his feet in his husband’s lap.
Dean stifled a laugh.
“Ahh good, I guess. Is that angel of yours alright? Wait, don’t answer that. I don’t care.” Sam could hear the eye roll.
kudos and comments please and thank you <3
Gabe comes to help with the hunt. However, he's not going to do it without getting something in return. And Gabe always gets what he wants.
“Alright, you call me later, Sammie. I wanna know when you are headed you fight the blasted creature. Alright?”, Dean said.
Cas got up and stretched. “What do you say that tonight, since it's our last night here, we have dinner at the top of the Eiffel tower? I also may have already made reservations for dinner there, so…”
“No Dean. You can’t kill my boyfriend,” Sam sighed. Gabe lightly gasped.
“Fine.”
“Gabe you ok? You’ve been staring at me for like the past 5 minutes,” Sam said, gathering materials to put in his bag.
Dean wasn’t understanding anything Cas and the waiter had just said, but soon the angel was taking his menu and handing it to the waiter.
“Alright, you’re all good.” Sam flipped the smaller man over and stood up to stretch.
“I found my jacket, pants and the key.”
Cas blushed and opened his mouth to say something but closed, his eyes following something directly behind Dean. Before Dean could say something, the waiter started talking.
“Bonjour, que puis-je vous offrir en cette belle soirée*?”
“Sorry Cas,” Dean said, while he fidgeted with his hands.
“Here we are. As you have requested two private first class seats,” The flight attendant gestured to their seats.
Dean smiled at the thought. “Cas, can we go explore the town? I’m hungry.”
“STUPID AND IDIOT MEAN THE SAME THING, DUMBY!”
“What was that, Samantha? I couldn’t quite hear you.”
Dean laughed lightly at the comment.
Sam found Gabe at the front desk and surprised the angel by slapping him on the ass and keeping his hand there. Gabe let out a small yelp of surprise. Gabe gave him an evil look, letting Sam know he was gonna pay for that. He only got a smirk in return. Sam was going to get it. The lady behind the desk handed the key to Gabe and went back to typing away at her computer. Gabe motioned for Sam to follow him. They got to the room and Sam collapsed on the bed.
Cas and Dean sat down at the table. Dean, mechanically, looked around and made sure no one was watching them. He had done this action multiple times. It was something he had done so many times, he did it without meaning to.
Dean whipped his phone out and dialed Sam’s number. After a couple of rings Sam picked up.
“You're working with Crowley?!? I thought he was dead. And no, Cas and I are spending our honeymoon on the road. He is not going to help with the case,” Dean said.
Dom!Cas, Sub!Dean. Cas is a little shit to Dean, so Dean is a little shit to Cas. You also get to see Cas propose to Dean. Sam and Gabe are in the proposal scene.
“Are you just gonna rub me all night? Cause if that’s the case then I’ll lie down,” Sam said
“You ready?”
Dean anticipated that move and leaned back. He wrapped his legs around Cas’s and pulled Cas down with him. Dean easily flipped them over, so that he was above Cas and his hands were on Cas’s wrist. Dean moved his hands up Cas’s arms so that their fingers intertwined. Dean bent down and placed a kiss on Cas’s neck. Dean felt Cas’s legs wrap around his waist. Dean leaned into Cas’s neck to deepen his kisses on the angel’s neck. Using his grace, Cas flipped them over so that he was on top.
“It’s pretty good. I think I’m hunting a Jefferson Starship,” Sam said.
“Gabe, gimme my phone.” Dean could hear muffled fighting over the phone between the two. “I’m sorry Dean. you know how Gabe can be.”
Sam’s lips were on his in an instance. The kiss was hungry and when Gabe looked into Sam’s eyes, they were hungry and full of lust. Sam pulled away for only a second.
“Cas...Can we go to the Eiffel Tower? I wanna see it during the day and then when the sun is setting.”
“Promise.”
“Sure. Let’s go.”
“So, Mr. FBI, what did ya get?” Gabe said, casually.
“What was that dear? I couldn’t hear ya,” Cas said. He hoped he wasn’t pushing Dean’s buttons.
“Well, come on! We’ve got a plane to board,” Dean chuckled, not answering Cas. They, finally, got onto the plane.
“Well, Gabe what are we hunting?”, Sam asked. It was crazy how fast Sam could shift from crazy, possessive boyfriend to serious, sassy hunter. And Gabe loved every version. Especially Sam in a suit. Man, that was the hottest man in a suit that Gabe had seen.
“Both of them.” This time Dean spoke where Cas could hear him.
“I just asked him about what Gabe wanted to ask him. That’s all,” Cas said, glancing around to see if the crepes were coming. “The food is coming.”
“Saaammm,” the angel whined.
*******************************
Dean was taken back after that last comment. ‘Did he just-I think he did!’ Dean thought.
“Oh sorry ‘bout that. It’s just a uhh adrenalin rush thing. Sorry,” Gabe said. When he looked down, he felt something sprout from his back. “Awww shit,” Gabe wished he could hide away. Suddenly, Gabe felt huge hands on his wings. He looked up. “What are you doing?” Gabe said.
“Dean, I love you. You make me so happy. I am so happy that you agreed to marry me,” Cas said, looking down at Dean. Dean looked up and placed a kiss on Cas’s stubble.
He sighed. They had been looking at cars for an hour because Dean wanted a car that looked exactly like Baby. “You aren’t going to find one that fits your requirements. What about this one?” Cas said pointing to a bright red car.
“Uhh Gabe? Are you there?” Sam said, snapping his fingers in front of Gabe’s face.
ests, but loose enough that Dean would be comfortable sitting in it.
“Well,
“I was just thinking about how nice it would be if you were in the shower with me,” Sam said quietly, making sure that Gabe couldn’t hear him over the  water.
After a couple of hours, Dean shook awake. There was something wrong, he could feel it in the pit of his stomach. He sat up and rubbed his face.
“I’m here too, Squirrel,” Crowley snarled
“Yea...sure,” Sam was confused but didn’t question his angel.
Cas snapped his fingers and they both had what they slept in. For Cas; one of Dean’s old shirts and an old pair of boxers. And for Dean; just a pair of boxers. Somehow, Dean managed to get them both under the covers. Once Cas was situated, Dean draped himself across the angel and nuzzled into his angels neck. Cas didn’t understand how Dean could sleep in such strange positions but, Cas felt safe with his husband draped across his body. And before Cas could say another thing, Dean was snoring.
“Because I felt like it.”
*mures et framboises*- blackberry and raspberry.
Kudos and Comment pls. Leave series review and/or a suggestion below! I do have 20 or so fics planned out to write, but if you do get have a suggestion and I will eventually get to it. Also, they will be gifted to you. <3
“Dammit Sammie. I’m fine with you liking men but Gabe?!? Really?!? You could have picked anyone else in the world and you went and picked him? You do know that he killed me, multiple times, right?”
“Thank you,” Dean smiled politely.
This is the Sabriel part f the story. It does go back and forth between Sam and Dean.
Things get a little steamy with Gabe and Sam. Crowley is a dick because...well...he's the king of hell. Need I say more about Crowley.
“Yep.” They linked hands as they walked to the car, breaking when they reached the car. Gabe threw their bags in the trunk as Sam started the engine. Gabe jumped in and they pulled out. The motions came easily to Sam, seeing as he had been driving most of his life. Before they even made it out of the town, Gabe was asleep on his shoulder, causing Sam to smile. He liked knowing that the angel felt so safe around him.
Cas patted his leg.
“Fine.”
“Oh, I have big plans Sammie. Big plans,” Gabe said gesturing with his hands. Gabe turned away and took off his belt. “Well, Sammie, it takes two to tango. And right now, only one of us is tango-ing. I would love to tango with you. You have a great….frame.” Gabe said, as casually as you would talk about the weather.
“Wow, that was amazing Cas,” Dean said, running a hand through his hair.
“Your welcome. Now, bed time,” Cas said.
“Yes Cas. Cuddles now,” Dean said lifting the blanket up for his angel. Cas came around Dean and snuggled into the crook of Dean’s neck, draping his arms around the hunter.
When they got to their room, Dean fell onto the bed. “Oh no. Dean are you ok? Do I need to-” Cas started.
“No Dean, I thought you had the key.”
“May I escort you tonight, sir?”
“I SAID I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT HOW NICE IT WOULD BE IF YOU WERE IN THE SHOWER WITH ME! THERE ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?”Sam said, shouting at the angel.
So i think i have about 3-4 more chapters left. I am also moving to every other week updates. It is just too much pressure to get the chapter down in a week.
“You know it,” Sam said in response.  Dean motioned for the phone back.
Sam opened the door to find Gabe laying on their bed eating M&M’s. As soon as Gabe heard the door shut, he sat up.
Dean barely made it to the bed before collapsing.
“Alright, Dean. I won’t be too long.” Castiel replied.
As they gathered in the living room and got comfortable, Bobby couldn't help notice that the angel was staring at the mantel. Bobby didn't really keep much up there. It was mostly just an old photo of his wife, one of Dean and Sam when they were kids and a miniature grandfather clock he found in the attic one day and had repaired years ago. "What's got your eye over there, Castiel?" He asked, fully expecting the angel to ask about his wife or maybe what the boys were like at that age.
Day 5 at LJ's adventchallenge 2012. Prompt #13 Christmas Card.
“Ok, I’m here. What’s so important that I had to see it right now?” Dean asked as he approached the window. But once he glanced outside he didn’t need any more questions.
Day 21 at LJ's adventchallenge. Prompt #16 - Angels.
Predictably, the next place Dean tried was also sporting a crap-ton of sparkly red and green decorations, but he was hopeful for some small amount of normalcy as he approached the bar.
Sam looked at the half put together tree and agreed. When it was completely put together all they needed would be a little adjustment of the branches to fluff up the tree and make it look a little bigger. And with a few decorations, their tree would be great.
The boys are on their way to Bobby's but do not make it without incident.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. “Just wish there was a way they didn’t have to die. Ya’know?”
If there was ever going to be a moment for Dean to freak out, this would be it.
Cas and Sam shared a small excited look.
“Dean open the trunk would you” Sam asked. There was a click and popping sound from the trunk latch as Dean engaged the release.
“We had other things to worry about that year, like my deal.” Dean reminded Bobby as he handed over a bottle of beer to everyone.
“Can never be too sure. You boys know that.” Bobby’s gruff demeanor did not break. “Go on, drink it.”
"Hum, yeah. No, my jeans. That's fine, thanks." Dean pulled said jeans back up over his legs.
“Well come’ere and take a seat.” Sam directed him back over to the car staying close by in case Cas got another dizzy spell. “Dean’s going to be a minute, checking things out to make sure nothing is wrong, so we have a few minutes to just sit here.” Sam opened the back door and gently helped Cas sit down.
However, with the first signs of sunrise brightening the horizon the boys began to wake up, only to discover that they had moved around and shifted a bit unexpectedly while asleep.
After watching one horribly sappy Christmas movie of Cas's choice, Bobby said good night and kicked them out of his makeshift bedroom. Dean grabbed the half empty bottle of whisky and the three of them made their way to the large guest bedroom upstairs. There were actually two bedrooms on the second floor in addition to Bobby's master bedroom, but one was hardly bigger than a closet. When visiting in the past, Sam and Dean would flip a coin each night to decide who got to sleep where. Thankfully, Bobby had a spare cot that was hauled upstairs and had been utilized for the past few nights by Cas in the shared large room.
It was disgusting.
Sam sat up in his seat on the sofa next to Castiel. Dean had taken an armchair and Bobby was sitting across from Dean. "I said I thought it's a good idea. It's been a long time since any of us have had a real Christmas. We really should do things right."
With the perfect Christmas cards for each of his friends in hand, Castiel went in search of some food that would feed four hungry men.
“Coors, make it a pitcher, and three glasses.” Dean dropped a twenty on the counter and a flirty smile on his face. A sign on the wall behind her caught Dean’s eye. “And some of those ‘County’s Best Chili Fries’, too.”
Dean took a moment to think about the development of the evening. "Guess so, Sammy. Seems we're all a little yule-tide gay, huh?"
Good development of Sam and Gabe's relationship. Also we see some Crowley action. Thank you all for the love <3 Enjoy!
Dean woke up with Cas’s wings in his face. He couldn’t imagine a better way to wake up. He nuzzled his face deeper into the feathers. He started to pepper his husband’s back and neck with small kisses and stopped suddenly. It was moments like this that he loved. Cas peacefully sleeping in his arms and not caring about what the world thought about them and their love. Dean would never admit it but he loved waking up before Cas. The angel looked so peaceful.
Gabe snapped his fingers and they were all outside the warehouse.
Well, I think I can fit you in,
“There you go. That should do the trick,” Crowley said. He stuck his tongue out at Gabe.
(See the end of the chapter for
“HEY, YOU GREAT BIG BAG OF DICKS. YEA, I’M TALKING ABOUT YOU!”
Sam laughed at the nickname Gabe had given Crowley. He finished changing and headed over to Crowley’s room. Sam heard shouting getting louder and louder, so he figured he was headed in the right direction. Sam opened the door and immediately was in the middle of a shouting match.
“What is it Dean?”Cas asked, walking over to Dean.
“Gabe, are you ok? Where does it hurt? Do I-” Gabe silenced his boyfriend with a finger to the lips.
Gabe shrunk into a small ball. He could handle yelling but when it was directed towards him, he panicked. Gabe started quietly crying thinking that Sam now hated him. Sam didn’t hear anything, so he turned that water off, stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist
The woman handed Sam the address. 3011 Laurel Lane. Sam nodded in thanks and left. Sam got in his car and drove back to the hotel.
“You NEVER talk about my boyfriend that way. He already thinks so low of himself he may as well be the bottom of hell. And then you pull all this shit and how is that supposed to make him feel good enough? Huh? Tell me how those comments are supposed to make him feel like he is a hero and can save these kids? How they are going to stop him from doing things that you can’t even begin to imagine. You can’t even imagine all the thoughts I have to hear from him,” Gabe said, letting go of Crowley to point towards Sam. “because of dick-wads like you. He has almost done it about 50 times. Half of those times were when Dean would take a case and leave Sam with their father. So tell me, what gives the right to say those things about Sam. Because right now, he is the strongest person in this room. And you are just stupid if you can’t see that. I swear to my father that I will kill you if you ever say anything like that ever again,” Gabe finished his speech and looked at Sam. He was blushing in his chair. No one had ever stood up for him besides Dean. “Now if you will please excuse me and Sam, Crowley, we have some business to discuss. If you will please, take your ass back to the bottom of hell where it belongs,” Gabe said, opening up the door and shoving Crowley towards it.
“Dean, it’s no big deal. No offense but you don’t exactly look like the kind of man that dates men,” Cas said, gesturing to Dean’s outfit. Dean simply shook his head and pushed the button for the elevator doors to close. As soon as the doors closed, Cas pulled Dean against him. Their lips locked. Dean desperately kissed Cas. Dean’s hands dived into the feathery mess that was Cas’s wings. Dean knew that Cas was self-conscious about his wings, so he constantly ran his hands through the beautiful blackish/blue iridescent wings. Dean thought that they were the most beautiful things he had ever seen. Cas pulled back for a second, admiring Dean’s face. Suddenly, the elevator bell rang and they left the elevator, beet red.
“Yes of course kick out the king of hell. Not like he is actually important,” Crowley grumbled on his way out. Sam shifted in his chair, uncomfortably.
“Gabe, you really think that I wouldn’t want to share my room with you? Come on,” Sam said, turning around and kicking the door open. Sam put the bags down and Gabe belly flopped onto the bed. Sam laughed, before joining his boyfriend on the bed.
“What if we try every flavor of crepe they have to offer? There is this little cafe down the block,” Dean said, turning to Cas. Dean knew that it had been Cas’s dream to have crepes on his honeymoon.
“Shh, it’s ok. I’m not going to the Empty anytime soon. You’re gonna have to stick with me for a while.” Gabe chuckled.
“Dean, move your hands. I want the world to know what your husband does to you,” Cas said, not bothering to look at Dean.
“It’s gonna be ok. I understand you’re worried but I’ve felt the same on multiple hunts that I haven’t been on you with. It’s good to be worried about someone, it means that you care about someone. Now tell me, are you worried about just your brother or that something happened to Gabe as well?”
Sam bent down and placed a small kiss on Gabe’s lips. He could just barely taste the candy that Gabe seemed to always be eating. But the taste of heaven was always there. And Sam found comfort in that. The same way Gabe found comfort in Sam tasting like library books and beer. Sam’s taste was so...masculine. Everything about Sam was masculine to Gabe. Gabe loved that because he knew that Sam loved the kinkest of things. Bondage, wearing panties, Nothing was too extreme for his Samshine. Hell, Gabe could use his grace to prevent Sam from coming and Sam would probably enjoy it.
“Then check-” Dean started.
“Yes, I know. But, I have to go and talk to some cops. And before you say anything, you can’t come because of the stunt you pulled yesterday.”
“Hello. What can I do for you?” the lady at the front desk said, looking up politely.
“Moose, come on. Wake up!”, Gabe said, lifting the taller man’s arm off him.
“Yea sounds great, just lemme get dressed and then we can go.” Sam didn’t sound like his usual happy-go-lucky self. He sounded...unsure of himself.
The waiter was young and handsome. Dean looked down at his menu to avoid voicing the growl that was building in his throat. Luckily Cas spoke for both of them.
“Dean, everything ok? You’re doing it again.” Cas asked, placing his hand on top of Dean’s.
“About half the way back home. I mean, if you want me to drop you off somewhere else, it’s fine. I get it may-”. The angel cut Sam off with a kiss.
“We can do that on two conditions. One, you don’t try to hold my hand anymore while we are driving. Two, we rent a double bike and ride around on it together. How does that sound?” Cas said. He rounded a corner and pulled in front of the cafe that Dean was talking about. Cas grabbed his wallet and headed out of the car.  Dean followed and grabbed Cas’s hand as soon as it was available. They entered the cafe and went to the front.
“Oh yea sorry ‘bout that Cas.” Dean said. He began to pull out his phone to dial Sam’s number. It rang 4 times before someone answered. “Hey Sam-”.  Dean was cut off.
Sam sat up immediately. This was the moment Sam pushed down forever. He knew that Dean would most likely be ok with him being into men, but it was him dating Gabe that Sam was worried about Dean being pissed.
A now blushing Cas walked away, practically skipping. Dean shook his head and grinned, looking down. Dean bought their tickets and went to sit down to wait for the plane to call for boarding. Dean had sent Cas to sit down before he sat down himself, because he wanted to surprise Cas with the seats.
“Always.”
Sam hung up after that and looked over at the angel. Gabe wiggled his eyebrows. Sam chuckled and, in one fluid motion, put the angel in his lap. The angel pressed small kisses on the younger Winchester’s neck and chest. Sam moaned. Gabe looked up at Sam with ill-hidden lust in his eyes. At first glance you might think that he was just innocently staring at his boyfriend, but Sam knew him better than that. He could see all that Gabe wanted to do with him. And Sam would be wrong if he secretly didn’t want those things done to him.
“You know it’s not polite to stare,” Cas grumbled. He turned over and curled up in Dean’s arms. Dean’s arms were full of muscles from training and fighting monsters pretty much everyday. Cas felt safer than he had ever felt in heaven, when he was Dean’s arms.
“Erm, hey. Sorry about that. I just thought that Sam may be hurt,” Gabe said, breaking the kiss.
“I will,” Sam pressed the words onto Gabe’s lips.
Dean entered the bathroom and turned on the water. He stripped down and jumped in the shower. The hot water seemed to take the stress of the flight right out of his muscles. Dean took a quick shower, not wanting to make Cas worry. Dean quickly got out of the shower and planned to surprise Cas by leaning against the doorway with only a short towel draped loosely around his waist. Dean opened the door, “Ohh Cas,” Cas turned his attention away from getting undressed.
“I don’t know. I mean check the bathroom. They might be in there.” Dean said heading towards the suitcases.
“But, Sammie? There is a but? Sam, I can’t imagine that you are actually ok with.” Dean huffed.
“Well, when my favorite human sends a prayer I can’t resist coming. So whatcha need me for?”
“Do you remember the night I proposed?” Cas asked, starting to sway with Dean in his arms.
“No Gabe, I was just joking. I could never leave you,” Sam said, squatting down again.
“Oh, darling, I can do whatever I please,” Cas retorted. Dean could hear the smirk and see the mischievous glint in those blue eyes. He was using his Dom voice and Dean knew it. Dean knew he wasn’t going to win the fight so he did what he did best. Be just as much as a little shit he could be. He had packed a pair of tight navy blue pants that he knew would drive Cas crazy with lust. He paired the paints with a tight black t-shirt. He heard the water stop and he wanted to be picking something up when Cas came in. He heard the door open and bent down to pick up his belt that was laying on the ground in front of him.
Gabe let go of Sam and let him get into the car. The angel watched the car drive off, hoping that the next time he saw it, it would come bearing his boyfriend and good news.
Sam sighed. “What could you possibly want that you couldn’t just use your grace to get?” he said, gritting his teeth.
Sam had been driving for about 6 hours before the angel woke up.
Sam charged the creature. He had a new found strength. Sam punched  the Krampus and used the time the creature needed to recover, to grab the wooden stake that was in front of him. The Krampus let out a low growl and charged towards Sam. Just what Sam wanted. The creature reared up, temporarily  leaving his chest open. In a few quick strides Sam was in front of the monster. Before the creature could react, Sam stabbed it. Unflinching with the same cold expression on his face, even as the blood sprayed onto him.
“Dean you alright? Do we need to go home?”, Cas asked. He worried about Dean a lot. Cas put a hand on Dean’s arm.
banane au chocolat- banana and chocolate
******************
“I may have used some angel powers, but that was only to get it to only be us and the waiters a top here.” Cas looked down and fidgeted with his silverware. “Well, Thank you Cas. I feel so special with you.”
sorry for the late update. a lot of shit happened today. the french translations are at the bottom.
“Wow, this is amazing Cas. I can’t believe we can afford this. We can afford this right?”Dean narrowed his eyes at the last part.
“I’m up. I’m up,” Sam said, ruining his hands through his hair in a poor attempt to tame it. Gabe turned and kissed Sam’s nose. They got up and packed their stuff. “You ready to hit the road?”
“We are here because you have horrible taste in cars. A modern impala? Really? And you say you know me. I can’t believe you thought that I would be seen in a car like that.” Dean shook his head. He had a
“Yes Dean. We can go now,” Cas sighed. Dean picked up his jacket and offered his hand to Cas. Cas took it and headed towards the door. Dean smiled at Cas and followed him out of the room.
Sam had quite a large figure but in Gabe’s arms he felt safe. He felt like he was complete. How he wished this moment would continue forever.
“Sam, your adrenals are tapped. You got a 30 minute nap before we left and you’ve been driving for 6 hours. So, yes. You can sleep. Besides, I'm an angel. I don’t really need sleep, I just kinda did it to fit in with society.”
Sam bent down and placed a soft kiss on the top of Gabe’s head.”Babe, I promise as long as I’m around no one will ever hurt you like Asmodeous or Micheal and Lucifer did.”
“Sam it’s ok. It’s just growing up with Micheal and Lucifer, they were always yelling and whenever I tried to call for a cease-fire, they would yell at me and they knew just how to get under my skin and it just brought up some unhappy memories.”
“Cas, humans do this all the time. No one gets into crashes by holding hands and keeping their eyes on the road.”
“So what brings you here?” the woman asked Dean.
“Come on, let’s get this over with,” Dean  said. He wasn’t looking forward to it but, if Cas wanted something, he tried to give it to Cas. Even though Cas was technically the dom in the relationship, when out in public (most of the time) they were on even footing.
“Hey Crowley. I assume you are in Hell,” Sam said.
Gabe groaned as he got up and swayed a bit when he stood up. Sam moved to steady the angel. Gabe snapped his fingers and they were back in their room.
“Dean, I know what you're trying to do and I don't like it. As your dom, I wish you would respect my wishes. And I will punish you if necessary. Not that I want to, but I will.” Cas didn’t look at Dean when he said this, and Dean knew that he was in deep trouble with Cas and not the good kinda trouble. The kinda trouble that got Dean in the cage, not the kinda trouble that gave Dean great sex. And Dean didn't want the cage, he just wanted relief.
----------
“Gabe, no. I don’t want you to strain your neck,” Sam said, doing his best to not laugh at Gabe. The angel huffed but laid back down. Sam finished bandaging Gabe’s neck before flipping his boyfriend over, in one fluid motion, to check the back of Gabe’s head.
Sam smiled at the texts and went back to looking at the reports. He wanted to finish ASAP because he really wanted to see Gabe and learn what they were hunting. Sam finished up quickly and thought about taking a shower before Gabe came over and almost dismissed the whole idea. “Well Crowley’s out with Gabe questioning  the most recent vic’s parents… I don’t know though. Do I really need a shower?”, Sam thought. He took one whiff of his underarm and bee-lined for the shower. Sam turned on the water and quickly stripped. He jumped in the shower and let out a loud sigh. The water pressure was perfect and the only way to make this better would be if Gabe was here.
“Please Samshine? I bet you would look amazing,” Gabe said, begging with his eyes.
“Y-y-yes.” Sam’s voice was shaking with fear. He was dreading ever telling Cas that he liked Gabe.
“So were you. That thing you did with your tongue, we’re gonna have to do  that again.”
“Both of them,” Dean mumbled.
“Oh just business,” Dean responded. Cas kicked him mentally and sent the images to Dean. Dean tried to not laugh out loud at the thought of his husband being able to even hurt a fly.
Sam tasted like beer and library books. Mixing with his musky sandalwood scent, it sent Gabe through the roof. He felt fingers intertwining with his hair and felt his own hands creep up into Sam’s long brown locks.
****************
“Hey Dean listen, Me and Gabe gotta go. Some new case stuff just popped in.”
“Ah ah ah. Not yet, Sam. I want a show. And I know, you’ll give me exactly what I want. So get your nice ass up and give me a show.” He snapped his fingers and “Cherry Pie” by Warrant started playing. Sam rolled his eyes. Gabe tilted his head and gave Sam the signal to start. Sam started wiggling his ass and turned around. He bent down and slowly came back up. Gabe whistled. Sam turned, so he faced Gabe. He slowly pulled up his shirt and when he pulled it over his head, he shook his hair. He took off his belt and wiggled out of his pants. Soon he was just standing there in his boxers, in what Gabe would later call a “Magic Mike” pose.  Gabe snapped his fingers and the music stopped.
“It’s alright but one more mistake, mister, and you’ll be getting ring during sex and the cage after.” Dean nodded his head.
“Dean, I thought we agreed no more secrets- That we would tell each other everything. You literally said, that you wouldn’t lie to me in your vows like 5 weeks ago,” Cas grumbled.
“Deano, I was killing you to teach Samosa here a lesson but obviously that tiny brain of yours couldn't take in the information. And in case you haven’t seen, me and Sam have moved past that. I gave Sma a choice he wanted, so he took it. Not all of us need years of pining to finally tell someone how we feel.”
Dean blushed at his husband's loss of words. Cas offered his hand,
Sam nodded. Gabe reached up with his left hand and wiped away some blood. “C’mon Samshine, let’s get outta here.”
“Shh shh. It’s ok. I got you.” Sam gently ran his fingers over the space before reaching behind him and grabbing the necessary materials. Gabe winced as Sam dressed the wound. “Gabe, baby, it’s ok. Shh shh. I got you. Everything is gonna be ok.”
“Here you two go,” the waiter placed the crepes down. “You have banane au chocolat* here. This one is chocolat blanc et fraise**. And this *mures et framboises*.” The waiter pointed to each one as he spoke. Dean nodded in thanks. The waiter promptly turned and left. Dean picked up a fork and dug into the banane au chocolat one.  Wait, a sec. Cas also denied himself this morning. I could see it in his eyes this morning, when he came out of the shower. Therefore, any little thing could make him take me at any given moment. Dean unconsciously smirked at the thought.
“Alright”, Gabe sniffed. Sam stood back up and went to the bathroom. In the bathroom, Sam pulled his phone and dialed Crowley’s number.
Right there Sammie!” Gabe all but shouted.
“Oh my bad. Well, here is your key. It’s at the top floor. Room 214,” the man said, holding the key out, not looking at either man. Dean angrily snatched up the key and left, grumbling to Cas.
“Yea just uhhh thinking. Also, quick question. You didn’t just say yes to get the information that I had? Because then I won't help you,” Gabe retorted. Gabe put on his tough guy face but Sam could tell that he wasn’t joking around. Sam knew that Gabe truly meant  that he liked Sam. It wasn’t a front. The angel was really asking Sam out with his whole heart.
It had been a couple of days since the wedding and Sam was hunting on his own. Dean and Cas’s wedding had been a lot of fun, however, Dean had been a real pain in the ass with all the wedding planning. He had wanted everything to be perfect. Sam couldn’t take it any longer and made Dean and him go on a hunt. He had picked a hunt that appeared easy but wasn’t. He and Dean had been on the hunt for about three weeks when they headed home.
“Oh yes of course follow me,” she said gesturing with her hand for them to follow. They followed her to the elevator. “Don’t worry this happens all the time. Besides, I never see any gay couples stay more than one night due to Joshua. Ugh, I hate that conceited asshole. He always thinks everyone is straight and he just pisses me off. Oh, I’m Marie by the way,” she said, offering her hand. Both Dean and Cas shook it.  The rest of the ride was silent and the only to be broken by the loud ding on the elevator letting them know that they were there. They exited the elevator and headed towards Room 214. Marie opened the door and let them in. Cas nodded as thanks and went in, followed shortly thereafter by Dean.
As if on cue, Charlie walks up to Bela with the small glass bowl full of names and shakes it softly. “Go fishing, gorgeous.”
Dean was snooping, and blushed when Cas caught him. “Shit. Sorry, I’m… I do stupid shit when I’m nervous.” He cleared his throat and walked over to Cas, fidgeting with the drawstring on his shorts. “So uh… where were we…?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The greetings happen like they always do, and sure as shit, Lisa is the first one to notice. She snatches Dean’s left hand and her jaw drops as she stares at the band. “What?!”
Dean tucked himself back into his jeans for the time being and brought his hand down with a
(See the end of the chapter for
“Give me something man, I saw your big ass hands.” Dean grabbed his dick, even though Cas hadn’t said to.
Dean tosses his head back with a groan, scratching down Cas’ torso. “I’ll make it up to you, Cas... I’ll wear those panties you love and yo— fuck so good — you can spank me.”
Cas bit his lip. “Did I?
“Nope. Too late now.” Dean put the car in drive and headed towards Cas’ house.
Cas said, testing it on his tongue. “You gonna let me suck that cock,
his fault. This was a much different kind of drop, but a drop, nonetheless. “I don’t really know what to say. I enjoyed that
To his surprise, he ran into Nick in less than a week.
It was honestly supposed to be a one shot and Ketch22 and I just couldn’t stop writing, not sorry. 😉
He had never had an actual relationship before, let alone been in love. It had always been about sex, but with Dean, they had so much more. “Good. I-” Cas licked his lips, “I love you too, Dean.”
Dean stuffed three fingers into his mouth to shut him up.
“Like two minutes. I live on L, Cas.”
Dean had been with a lot of chicks in his day, not one of them had ever done that. He gasped and let out a needy moan, reaching down to run his fingers through Cas’ hair. “Fuck, yeah.”
The names are pulled quickly, and when Lisa draws Jo’s name, the instant disappointment on her face disappears quickly, and the two of them disappear even faster. Cas barely pays attention to anything after that until it’s finally over and Cas and Dean are the only two left.
Sam nodded knowingly, “I get what you mean. Sometimes throwing them in jail is the answer but sometimes we can do
Cas on the other hand is having way too much fun with this. He doesn’t try to hide his smile while texting Dean and Nick already knew exactly who he was texting. “What’s your latest conquest up to now?” Nick asked nonchalantly.
As Dean dressed, his phone chimed, causing him to freeze.
look very handsome.
“Yep, and you boys better be prepared for it. Might wanna head back in the morning, see about stocking up on some essentials before all the crazies buy ‘em all up.”
He nodded and then remembered Cas can’t see him. “Yeah, they’re closed.”
art?” Cas asked doubtfully.
”No. Don’t want the car driving around too much. I planned on walking to the coffee place he mentioned to scope it out.” Cas got up and went to clean up and get dressed. When he came back he kissed Dean. “Gonna go learn a little more about this town. I’ll call before he picks me up, you sleep.”
. Cas gave up on his internal struggle and walked towards him. The man was pretty fucking hot. He had curly hair which Cas enjoyed pulling as his dick was in the man’s throat. His beard was a little long for Cas’ taste but the dude still rocked it well and he was a few inches shorter than Cas. One thing Cas didn’t notice wrong with him last night was his eyes were
But Dean would leave again... probably soon.
Dean had hung out with Cas again after that, it was almost like burgers and beer were becoming as much of a habit as the blowjobs themselves. Dean wasn't going to complain, he was getting fed and having better orgasms than he ever had in his whole life - but dealing with Carmen after was becoming… tricky.
It wasn’t his first time, definitely not his last but it was the time they were caught.
Dean kept going until Cas was a panting, heaving mess, then slid his thumb out. “Tell me what you want, angel.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “Gross why would anyone like you?”
“Oh my god,
“Guess I’m not the only good boy around here, huh?” Dean rutted against Cas’ ass and bit a little harder, twisting his hand and moaning against his neck. He wasn’t ashamed at all of how every inch of Cas turned him on; he was just grateful to have finally found someone as eager for it as he was.
Dean chuckled and pulled Cas’ drink back slowly. “So, you’re just gay for me?” He tilted his head and stepped in further.
if someone else took the bottle, because this was their last night together anyway.
Cas slid off his clothes and straddled Dean, lining himself up. “Who’s angel am I?” He asked, as he slid painfully slow down Dean’s cock, relishing the burn.
You said that, remember?” Cas felt like the walls were closing in, he couldn’t breathe. “I’ll fucking stab all these motherfuckers if you make me. Fuck your
“Nope. Never that,” Dean lies and takes another drink as Charlie takes the bowl to Jo. She’s over the moon when she pulls Cole’s name and Dean laughs when he does a ridiculous dance across the kitchen. “Oh, they’re not gonna last here long. Those two been wanting to fuck for like two months.”
speech after the game, and that was a first.
“Hello
When he steps foot on the porch, he can hear the music playing through the wood and takes a breath before barging in the door and jumping on the nearest chair. “Cap is here y’all, and yeah, you’re all welcome to stare at America’s ass. It looks so good in these tights I wish
Cas frowned, “Strange?”
Dean was dressed by the time he came back out. “I’m gonna go on a supply run, I’ll be back.”
think about the tension between them.
He probably should have asked who Benny even lived with these days, but it didn’t really matter. They didn’t really hang out in the same circles anymore, so he doubted he’d have recognized the names and at the end of the day, he really
“It’s fine Cas, I actually crashed here too, unfortunately for my back.” Dean stood up to stretch.
“Pfft! It’s no New Hope, but it’s still one of the best.”
“What the fuck!!” Meg gripped her cheek, anger in her eyes.
“Fuck it.” He said loud enough for Dean to hear as he walked over and straddled Dean’s lap. “I don’t want to be the audience.” Cas leaned in and kissed him.
If he wasn’t visibly struggling, Dean wouldn’t bite, but Cas needed this distraction. “Yeah, of course I do.”
Dean did some small flick with his tongue that had Cas nearly nodding and begging for it right then.
I don’t exactly have a choice, but I…” the smell of sex was so strong coming off the blue-eyed man that Dean temporarily couldn’t focus. “Benny! Where the hell’s my room?”
and throw things until everyone in the world understood how much he needed Cas. But he didn’t do that. “I dunno, angel. I don’t know
Cas just looked on fondly, pleased to see Dean kicked his ass. When Cole finally stood back up and dusted himself off, Cas smirked. “He’s twice the football player you’ll ever be, and
“That is thoughtful, thank you. And you… should just… bring a bag. This isn’t a good time to travel, even if it is in the same town.
question me. Doesn’t mean I can’t question
“Yes, we did. She decided I wasn’t really her type, and I wasn’t exactly upset about it.” Cas picked at a cupcake to distract himself, breaking off tiny pieces and chewing slowly. “I’m not exactly a stranger to being single.”
When Cas walked up, Dean was outside standing by Baby, looking tense, but Castiel had a sucker in his mouth and a cocky grin. He pulled out the wad of cash and set it on the hood of the car and Dean’s eyes widened. “Miss me?”
Sam laughed at that. "Not sure I could judge on
You killed for me. You killed someone because you couldn’t imagine their hands on me. Their...
Cas tossed his head back as he rode his gorgeous devil. Dean filled him up so well he felt him against his prostate every time he slid down. “Fuck. I’m close.” He panted, digging his nails into Dean’s chest.
“Okay, thanks for food.” Cas put the pie box in the garbage bag and took another drink of water. “See you later.” Cas was probably speaking to them both, but Dean noticed Cas’ eyes were on him.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's already better than Cas had anticipated. He tugs at Dean’s hair and deepens the kiss until he remembers where they are… and even that barely stops him. “Dean,” he says breathlessly. “We should go…” yet he kisses him again, moaning softly into his mouth as he wraps his legs tighter around him.
that response. It wasn’t as though Dean and Cas couldn’t sympathize, it became clear to both of them quite a while ago that they’d never get off again without a little violence to tip them over.
Cas lays in bed, tossing and turning instead of actually sleeping. They’ve frotted so many times over the last few weeks that Cas actually lost count, but it’s been a couple of days — and he needs it. He needs Dean, and now… he’s not afraid to go and ask for it.
Dean ran his hands over her hips and pulled his bottom lip between his teeth, smirking and trying to gain back some of the confidence that had been thrown way off by all of that. "Besides, little different when I'm buried inside of you and know you've already gotten off... multiple times."
Dean waited and watched out the window until he saw Cas’ profile exit the parking lot in a car. He grabbed his bag and loaded the Impala, straightening his uniform before getting in. Cas had secured Eric’s address from David, so getting there was easy enough. He knocked on the door, his face hardening into what passed as the expression of a cop there to serve a warrant.
Dean’s breath hitched as Cas’ pace slowed. This was perfect, so perfect, and he didn’t have a damn clue why or how he fought it for so long. “Missed you, too.”
Dean:
“Ah yeah, love that angel juice. Fuck... comin’!” Dean’s body tenses as he comes, painting his stomach white as he releases a breathy laugh. “So friggin good, Cas.”
Dean opened the door and grinned, nervous but also probably way too happy to see him. “Hey.”
“I didn’t have a charger. Stop, m’fine.” Dean sets his dog down and tosses his backpack, staring down at them with a frown. “This is all I got, Cas. Everything’s gone.”
Dean couldn’t help where his eyes went. With an ass like that on display, everything else disappeared. He noticed Charlie watching him all too late and pointedly looked away. “Uh, hey, Cas.”
The flood of Cas’ warm come interrupts that sentence and Dean groans as he swallows it down, greedily sucking for more. Cas doesn't have it in him to pull him off until he's over sensitive and shaking, and by that point, he needs to taste Dean so badly he's a mess for it.
Somehow, Dean knew Cas was feeling the same. Maybe they were both shit with words? But at least they were on the same page with this stuff. “Let me make you breakfast.”
“Pfft, no. I’m with you silly, are you sure you’re sober.” Cas walked closer, crowding Dean’s space. “So beautiful. Can we fuck now?”
That phrase might’ve once turned Dean off... make love. But here, at the end of all things, that’s exactly what he intended to do. “One last time.” He pulled Cas to him and kissed him deeply, closing his eyes against the kaleidoscope of colors bouncing off the floor from the stained glass windows. Only one color mattered to him now.
“Thank you for givin’ me a shot, Cas.” His spent cock slipped out and they both pouted, but then started lazily kissing each other’s pouts away.
"I saw your work a couple days ago. Are you feeling alright?" Dean asked slowly.
He really needed to get a grip. He walked over to Dean a while later, “Hello,
Some of the pent up anger swirling around in Dean’s chest like a hurricane dissipated when he realized that Cas came back. Maybe on some level, he was worried that anyone that hurt Cas would be a suitable substitute for Dean. Maybe one day Cas would realize Dean offered nothing but pain and that pain was easily reproduced elsewhere, without the thought of a death sentence. But he’d come
“I was just checking my messages. So, why did you assume he was with me? I don’t know what Cas told you but nothing happened.” Dean lied, why did he lie? Why was that important right now?
“I want it, Dean. Want you, want your cock. Want all of it,” he rushes out, ignoring the flush of his skin as the truth falls out there in the open.
Dean’s hand freezes and he looks up to gauge how serious Cas is. “Like here? And what? Not jack off until we go in the room or somethin’?”
“Not a rat, it’s a guinea pig.” Dean picked the fluffy mass out of the ball and held her out to Charlie. “She’s for Cas. Today marks six months that he’s been back in therapy, and I thought we should celebrate.”
A deal's a deal.
Cas reached back and took the plug out, tossing it aside like it meant nothing. Because it didn’t, he had others and all he wanted right now was Dean’s cock, deep inside of him. His vision was still blurred from his lack of oxygen but he still kept his gaze on Dean, his watering, cerulean eyes locked with those jade, lust blown irises.
“Uh… you two know you have a bedroom here, right?”
When Bee responds, he can’t help but grin. His name isn’t Bee, Dean can see it’s Castiel Novak, but his photo is a bee and it’s easier to remember which classmate is which by their photo. Some people were dull and put a picture of their actual face, but the cooler ones had something different. Dean has his car, of course, another guy named Kato has a blacked-out Jeep, which looks pretty cool. Some other dude named Azrian has a picture of a crazy-looking wolf with designs on its face, and Castiel — he has a bumblebee. It’s cute, even if it makes Dean picture a little chubby dude in black and yellow.
“No. I already told you—”
After she picks one, she smiles down at the paper she pulled and closes it in her hand, her eyes shooting over to Benny hungrily.
The other cop was an asshole who didn’t care one way or another if anyone else ate.
Cas had been spending a
something Cas wanted. “Trying to get married or something?” He said the words with an amused look on his face that wavered slightly at the gleam in this man’s eyes.
That isn't what Cas meant, but there's no way he's going to repeat it and risk ruining this. If Dean can be content with one night, then… Cas will just have to get over the fact that he's not. “You're right, Dean.”
Cas let his head fall and groaned. “Fuck... what else? His cock was already hard. Though he had some feelings about that night, he mostly pictured the good parts, like the blood. He had thought of the blood
Cas got out of the car and rushed to class, there wasn’t time to think about Dean… or that wink.
Cas smiled and nodded. “Alright. I can do one more drink. And then I have to drive home, I have work in the morning,” Cas lied. He was already bored with David, but he could play the part a little longer.
. He gave the man another once-over and... well, Castiel had always been a curious one. “Okay,
Dean laughed, knowing Cas meant pie.
The night got decidedly better after that. They both ate way too much candy and argued over episodes 1-3, and also about the damn dark side, but Cas ended up having more fun than he ever had at a party. Neither of them drank anything beyond water because they didn’t need to. Their nerdy Star Wars conversation was entertainment enough... for both of them.
He closed his eyes, savoring that first moment of freedom. He sucked in the fresh air greedily, and he heard a low chuckle to his left. He glanced over and a smile broke out on his face when he saw Cas lazily swinging. Dean clicked his tongue. “Come out here for a more private goodbye?”
Castiel stood there frozen, completely speechless.
Anthony took his turn but his score was still much higher, so Dean wasn’t concerned. He’d have another chance soon, but Rose was getting impatient.
“I’m mad at everything,” he grumbles. “Even the floor is stupid.”
Cas stayed standing, “If I sit down again, are you going to start fucking preaching?”
He reluctantly breaks the kiss, but can’t bring himself to move away.
Who's ready for the fun to start?
, remember?” Cas laughed bitterly at that last comment.
David arched away from Cas’ touch and his face turned a brilliant shade of red as he shook his head, keeping his eyes glued to where Eric was quickly slipping from consciousness. “No, don’t - don’t touch me!”
Dean uses his left hand to fish around for it and squirts some over the head of his cock, letting it drip down to the base before he strokes it and hands Cas the bottle.
Cas attempted to stop Dean from pulling off his clothes but eventually stopped struggling and let him inspect his body.
nicknames to be honest... fuckin’ stupid.” He stood up, flexing his fingers. “You’re the angel, not me.” He walked forward until he was so close to Castiel he could smell the mix of come and blood. “Are you afraid?”
But he was too fucked to care. Dean laid there in his own spend, as he caught his breath. Cas was still panting too, so Dean didn’t feel there was a rush.
Luckily, Dean was off today and able to just hop in the car and drive over. When he pulled up at their house, Dean looked at the last text from Cas,
The noise Cas lets out sounds a lot more like a whimper than anything else, and when he kisses him again, it feels a lot different than normal. It’s slow, passionate, deep... a mix of all the things their kisses usually aren’t.
“I confess that I didn’t get time to type them up as I’d promised, but you two sent me into quite a deep-dive of academia on love at first sight and whether two people can make a relationship work based on initial attraction. I’ll probably have to get you to sign off on my work before I publish!” Her laugh lights up her face as she watches them, zeroing in on how close they sit and how their bodies seem to be searching for each other. “So, Dean and Castiel… I could question you for hours about the trajectory of your life together, or whether you bicker over mundane things, or even if you clash in tastes and beliefs. Instead I’m going to ask one thing and let you guide us. Are you happy?”
“I mean, he has fucked a lot of them, but yes, he likes all sweet things. He just happens to prefer pie.” Charlie laid back down. “Good night, Cas.”
Except Dean
Cas had slid them on already and was pulling on his jeans. “What? Ready to go?” He wasn’t about to explain why that made him feel some type of way because he didn’t know
Dean:
He alternated between slow, deep thrusts and quick, almost brutal ones - never letting Cas get used to a certain pace. “Fuck, I love seein’ you spread out like this for me, wanna fuck your tight little ass over every goddamn inch of this house.” Dean reached around, stroking Cas a couple of times and letting go, just short spurts opposite of his thrusts that he knew would drive Cas insane.
The man glanced down at the cup, and huffed a laugh when he read the new message
Next chapter is the last 😭
“Yeah... we probably should.” Dean bites his lip and looks at the come on Cas’ body, his hand reaching down to his dick. “Can I use some? I wanna know how it feels… knowing it’s
“You like my mouth, Dean?” Cas licked back up his shaft and flicked his tongue. “Tell me how much you like it. Tell me you think about it when we’re apart.” He sucked him back in, his eyes staring up at Dean.
“Not really. Not clicking with anyone, these cups mean something and I have no damn clue what it is. You gonna help me out?” Dean looked at Cas’ face, searching for answers.
His ears were ringing and his body was pulsing with the need for blood but something about those words gave him pause. Dean’s grip loosened as he saw Cas’ eyes tear stained and rolling back into his head, and it clicked. “Keepsie - Poughkeepsie? Fuck!” Dean pulled out quickly, the voices going silent as he freed Cas from the noose and rolled him onto his side to uncuff him. “Cas? Angel? Baby!” He threw the cuffs aside and rolled Cas into his back again, looking at him with wide, fearful eyes.
“How kind of you. Sunday should work again, I’ll let her know if something changes but you should know...” Cas walked back over and grabbed his backpack, leaning in slightly, “Your come is my reward,” then turned toward the door.
“I’m looking for Cas, is he around?” Dean asked curiously.
The smirk that spreads across Cas’ face is genuine. “Thank you. Luckily for you—” he takes the shot “— It’s all yours tonight. As many times as you want it.” He sets the glass down and moves past Dean, swinging his hips as he walks to the giant tub Charlie filled with dildo’s. The side has a sign that says “Bottoms Only” which both offends him and makes him laugh, but as some others gather around, he thinks he knows exactly why Charlie did it this way.
Carmen’s weight became uncomfortable on his chest and he tapped her thigh quickly, so she rolled off him and slid behind him with her legs splayed on either side of him.
goes anywhere without it.”
He gently removed himself from Cas’ grip and tilted his head curiously. “You presented yourself like a corner slut. One of the first pieces of information you offered about yourself was how much you
He was the only one allowed to inflict pain on him, the only one allowed to break him. He made his decision quickly, opening his eyes and pulling out onto the road. “You have a fucking safe word?”
After a brief, tense moment, Cas strips the rest of the way until he’s completely naked on their couch. His chest is flushed, his pupils blown, his hair a fucked-out mess... and his cock is so hard it’s fucking purple. “Is this better?” Cas asks.
“Jealous of what? It’s just a dude to me. For one I’m not interested in dudes and for two, if I was, he likes me more than you anyway.”
He was essentially a child, unable to handle anything uncomfortable without “crying”. Cas literally just slammed his cup down because he was throwing a tantrum. It was better for Dean if Cas just backed off. In fact, it would be better for everyone if he was gone. Hell, maybe that was what he should do?
Once he was all washed up, he made his way out to the kitchen, happy to have a real breakfast before school. He normally woke up too late and had to grab something on the go, but this smelled amazing.
heard him, and everything was going to be fine.
With no hesitation, Cas crosses the room and climbs up on the bed to straddle Dean. It feels as natural as breathing now, and he doesn’t need to ask before pulling their cocks together as Dean drizzles the lube over them. Cas rolls his hips and groans as he tilts his head back, loving the way he can feel Dean hardening in his hand. “Fuck...”
He texts his coworkers to say he isn’t feeling well today, then orders their coffee. He catches Dean rubbing his temples again and to surprise him, he also orders a slice of cherry pie.
Dean fucking
Charlie stays at their house for weeks, and most days, Dean is thankful. There are those days he just wants to be alone, but she seems to get the message and gives him the space he needs whenever he needs it. Sometimes, Dean just wants to cry. Not shed a few tears and talk about how he misses Cas. He wants to
“Aw, you’d send me happiness? And all I brought was candy.” Dean looked over and met his eyes. “I’d come over and Accio all your crap for you.”
“Alright. Midnight, Dean. And no alcohol.”
Cas thought about that. “I... forgot. I just saw how easy it was.” The guilt returned.
Cas shrugged with a half smile and turned to face the TV, grabbing the controller again and bending over. “I’m honestly amazing at this game, if you haven’t noticed.”
Dean probably should’ve taken into consideration the fact that he’d be a jellied mess after that, but he wasn’t great with planning ahead. He huffed a laugh, trying to catch his breath as he helped Cas to his feet. “I’m gonna be honest, I don’t have a damn clue what I’m doin’... but I wanna s...”
He walked over and plopped in Cas’ bed, not caring that he wasn’t welcome. “I know. I’m awesome. So… who kept you up last night?”
Their eyes met again, and both were powerless to look away. In fact, if it wasn’t for the damn car horn, Dean was sure they almost kissed.
sucks.
Dean knocked.
He didn’t have long to panic because within a minute his phone was ringing.
Dean. Only yours.”
The man smiled. “Yeah, he’s a regular,
Dean chews slowly and when it clicks in his brain he grins. “Two birthdays???”
Cas shrugged, playing his part. “Ehh gotta go take a piss.” He got up and walked to the bathroom with slow, deliberate steps. Wondering how many people were just trying to eat their evening meal, having to see his growing erection as he walked.
“Yes. I believe I’ve done quite well there. I haven’t touched - nor had the desire to touch - anyone but Dean in all this time. Monogamy is working well for us. I still have a very high sex drive but my partner does as well so it works for us. We have sexual relations of some sort once or twice every day and we are both very much still into it.” He grinned when she blushed. “Apologies.”
“No,” Cas says instantly. “No, we’re just here to play the normal, non-sex related games.”
Dean’s cock twitched and he called his bluff. “Actually... yeah. Bring it on. But for the record, I didn’t ask for any of that.” He raised an eyebrow, taking another bite of his sandwich.
Mr. Jones. Though, I'm sure it’s a fake name. And yes I said ‘was’ on purpose.” Cas glanced at Dean again and stood up, letting Dean see he was just as hard. He licked his lips and walked over, pulling Dean into a sloppy kiss.
“Let’s get you better and we can do that and more.” Dean really wanted Cas clean before they did anything else, but he also knew he could never deny Cas.
The scream lined up perfectly with Cas’ favorite part of the song, he leaned in behind David’s ear and sang to him,
He doesn’t pour right away because he’s always been able to see right through Dean’s overcompensating. “I wasn’t trying to pressure you. It was just a joke, don’t feel like you have to drink more or entertain me in any way, Dean. I know you’ve had a traumatic couple of days.”
“Fuck...” Dean’s hips lift off the couch, suddenly wishing it was Cas’ hand around his cock. “You are too, Cas. Never thought I’d see you like this.” He bites his lip to keep from talking more, but Cas whines and picks up speed.
Each stroke of Cas’ hand sent jolts of delicious electricity through Dean’s body and he rolled his hips, loving the way their slick cocks were sliding together.
but something about his tone made Dean’s fists clench under the table. “Yeah, he’s mine.” He uncurled his fingers and leaned back against his seat, tilting his head and giving the waiter a challenging stare. “So uhh... whatever
This powerful, dominant man gave Cas some of the control back, making him grin and feel more in his element.
He smiled, unable to help himself. “Yeah, maybe.”
Cas tilted his head to the side and licked his lip. “Would you care to make a bet?”
Cas jumped from the pounding and instantly knew who it was.
contemplate just ‘forgetting’ to put on the blindfold.
Once again, the guy squirmed, Cas’ voice did that to people. He stepped forward towards Cas’ ear, “What do you want it to be?” He licked his lips and smiled at Cas’ very pleased smirk.
But when they finally came together, oh! How the Heavens cried above them and Hell itself shook below them. They joined together and wreaked havoc while basking in the only light they’d ever found... each other.
what you want, it’ll be 100 bucks and I will
Enjoy part two 😉
Cas walked over and stood over Dean, cupping his chin and staring into his eyes. “I dropped hard. I didn’t want you to toss me aside, and I assumed you would. So, I thought I would leave
Dean just chuckled, not really taking him seriously. A convict with anger and arrogance issues wasn't really on his radar…
those things, but not feel as though you
was. He’d seen glimpses, sure... but there’s no way he knew the truth. Dean wasn’t convinced he’d be able to pull it off anyway, not when everything regarding his angel ended up the exact opposite of what he originally intended. So he drove, and drove, and
Benny knew enough not to bother offering condolences. He simply told Dean where the spare key was, said it was fine, hung up, and left Dean to the open road and some Led Zeppelin.
Cas sent his address, Balt wouldn’t be home until that night so they had plenty of time. He logged out of his laptop and went to his room to prep.
“That’s...” Dean growled, twitching from the hot air blowing over his cock. “Not what I meant. Just uh... didn’t know you were such a tease, Cas.”
funny. “Yeah, she doesn’t really experiment much. I dunno, I get off on what other people enjoy more than anything. Makes it kinda hard when my partner doesn’t seem to enjoy anything that actually involves my dick... just my tongue.”
of them to at least face Dean before the end, even if it
Anything, really. He’d always been vocal during sex but wasn’t sure if Cas even wanted to hear his voice at all. Dean undid his pants quickly, shoving them down to the middle of his thick thighs and moving behind Cas. He took a moment to run a hand over the plug splitting Cas’ cheeks as he stroked himself, hardening quickly.
The man struggled in his arms, but Dean’s hold on him was absolute. From this angle, he could see the blood dripping from the man’s eye, and he licked the line of rust-flavored crimson from his cheek. He snarled, letting out a tearless sob. “Let me go! I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you both!”
and looked at the ground with a small nod. He rolled up his sleeves and showed the man some bruises he’d gotten from sex with Dean and lifted up his shirt to show more. “There’s more but they’re in places you can’t see unless i’m naked, Sir.” He hated adding the word
He nips that ear for good measure and starts drying Cas off, their bodies still pressed together so he can feel the twitch of Dean’s fat cock.
to have Cas again. His voice took on a commanding tone that surprised even Dean. “Car.
“If it helps, she was shocked, even brought up how she was sure you were a top or at least a switch.” Cas took a drink. “Any bottoms catch your eye?” He motioned towards the sea of drunk people, but Dean’s eyes were only on him.
of each other. They had never even been to Cas’ house. Was Dean even his real name? “Back to the bar for my car, unless you wanted to go back to my place.” Cas looked out the window with a shrug like it didn’t matter either way.
thing, but we’ll see what happens. I’m stayin’ in a motel right around the corner from the bar.” He followed the directions Cas gave him and then pulled into the diner.
body was as equally responsive to Cas. In a rare move, he claimed the man in a second kiss which he held as he pivoted, dragging them both through the side door of the abandoned church. Just inside the door and already thoroughly flushed in darkness, he could think clearer. Gone were the eyes that shone so brightly, and their absence would be permanent soon. Maybe he’d carve them out of Castiel’s pretty head, keep them for when he needed a reminder as to why he didn’t allow this to get personal. He caged Cas against the wall, Dean’s knee coming up to dig almost cruelly against his crotch. He leaned into him, pressing him into the wall coated with years’ worth of dust and neglect. “Dean,” he whispered just before he closed his teeth around Cas’ earlobe. “My name is Dean.”
“Fuck you.” Cas walked away, leaving the bag of trash to go hide and stare at the wall. Nick ended up cleaning the garbage for him.
“I DON’T FUCKING KNOW!” Dean yelled, fed up with that question. “I just do.”
He had no idea that the man had already spotted
“I know... We’ll get better at that.”
Okay, maybe not even Michael could tame him
The Officer clicked his tongue. “See, I took a certain little
“Shoulda made you take me out to fucking dinner first.” He arched his back, reaching behind him to dig his nails into Cas’ shoulder.
deserves this, not to mention, he touched the Devil’s Angel. He
Even the thought is laughable, but truly… Cas isn’t sure how he’ll ever move on from Dean. His smile is the most intoxicatingly gorgeous thing he’s ever seen, and even the mere thought of him now has butterflies scattering throughout his stomach like they’re delinquent teenagers running from the cops.
Cas sent a smiley face emoji, making Dean actually smile.
not going anywhere today. You are, remember?” Dean was grateful for the change in subject, he wasn’t sure he’d know how to apologize if his life depended on it.
“A good quality when you throw more interceptions than completions.”
“Fuck… fuck…” Cas paced back and forth in Dean’s guest room. He
Cas nodded and moaned at the touch. “Fuck yes. You’re
This epilogue is from both perspectives, enjoy 🥰
Shaking those thoughts from his mind, Dean stood them up to search them, Cas’ stash was in the backpack so as long as that wasn’t found he was fine. “Come on. I’m taking you both in." He grabbed their arms and hoisted them towards the car, tossing them in the back.
“Absolutely, yes. I still remember the day you punched that senior back when we were sophomores. Wasn’t he teasing some gay kid?”
he gets free food. He didn’t know why he cared, but he was curious how it would make Dean feel.
"Yeah. You owe me the last three Harry Potter movies, anyway." Dean hesitated for a moment and got quieter. "I missed havin' you around. Maybe you should bring a bag... stay a couple days?"
flashed through his mind, but he left those words unspoken. Most people were turned on by a little bit of violence, especially when it wasn’t directed at them or really anything other than words, and if they said they weren’t, they were lying. But Cas had no idea just how deep that well ran within Dean, what a tangible fucking thing his bloodlust was.
So… guess who’s going to slay the dragon and moose brother to save the friggin damsel with a Empty paper towel roll? You guessed it. This guy. ALLON-SY!
Dean stared at the screen. "What?" He'd unintentionally said it out loud, but was too busy re-reading the messages to try to figure out what the hell he meant to care.
Grinning, Cas loops his pinky with Dean’s and leans forward to kiss his fist. “Pinky promise.”
and I broke mine. You fixed my Continental when my mechanic told me it was totaled. You can quote Vonnegut and Tolstoy. You’re a genius, Dean… and anyone that tells you otherwise is just…. an assbutt.”
“Are you okay? Do you need a ride home?”
Dean huffed a laugh, “Yeah, Meg is alright. A little abrasive, but I like it.”
When Cas popped off, he gazed at Dean through hooded eyelids, his pupils blown with lust. “Fucking delicious, sweetheart.” Cas’ voice is hoarse from the blowjob but he sounds pleased and the praise from Cas sent a chill up Dean’s spine.
Cas looked away, “You’ve seen all these right?” He asked curiously. Either he hadn’t seen them, or he was trying to
Cole asked in a mocking tone.
for Dean? Cas got the vibe Dean was aroused by violence and couldn't help but worry
“Shut—” Cas covers his mouth and makes a
“Awesome! Do you have a preference?” she whispers, but before Cas has to answer that, the door flies open and Dean walks in with Cole, Benny, and Michael.
But that voice was muffled, sounding almost underwater, and at this point, Dean would tell that voice to fuck off.
The second he was off the phone with Charlie, panic gripped him. Charlie was his age and they weren’t quite 30 yet, so her chances of surviving it were pretty damn high even if she
Dean chuckled, "Sure, Cas. Start whenever you like." He wiped off the machine, rung out the hose and stuck it back in his trunk. They had a few minutes more to scarf down some sandwiches before it was time to work. "Alright, guys, time to get going.”
the whole thing seemed.
look got way less attention than his normal style. He felt
Dean’s entire body went taut and then relaxed under Cas as he kissed him back, happy that he wasn’t the one that had to make the first move. With everything that happened, he needed to be sure Cas really wanted it, and from the way he was moaning into Dean’s mouth, he did. Dean slid his hands up Cas’ back and held him close, content to just keep tasting him.
else would they be?”
Cas chuckles softly. “Be careful what you wish for.”
Her smile only grows. “Trust me, your partner will appreciate the clean-cut Bucky a little more, I think. I’m not new here.”
The cop leaned in further, crowding Dean’s space and Dean’s hand twitched on his own knee. The cop was so close to his face that Dean could smell his breath as he spoke to Cas. “Yeah? You got bruises from supposedly getting your ass beat over and over,
Cas rolled his eyes again and snapped the lid back on. “You can blame me all you want, they’ll never believe you.”
Dean shrugged, trying to remain as nonchalant about it as possible. “If he wants to, sure. Who the hell am I to pass up a free hummer?”
“Does this mean I don’t have to give you up?” Cas asks, trailing that sinful tongue down the column of Dean’s neck to his chest. “I don’t want anyone else.”
come over his best friend’s cock.
“Cas? How are you doing?”
damn boring now. He worked all day, was binge watching old movies by 8pm and passed out on the couch by 10pm. She knew, because they lived together.
“Jimmy.
“I’m so… sorry, Dean.” He can hardly hear her reminding him over and over that there are so many sunrises to come, and promising to stay up with him all night so he doesn’t miss tomorrow’s sunrise. “You’ll see him tomorrow… he comes every morning. Without fail.”
thing. Not
Dean pinned Cas to him for a moment after the kiss was broken. “Cas... you ran off last time. Don’t do it again.”
Dean grins, come dripping down his lip, and it’s so beautiful it physically hurts. He licks some of it up and leans in for another kiss, pinning Cas on his lap as he fucks into him hard. “Fuck... I’m…comin’!” Dean whimpers into Cas’ mouth as he comes and Cas regrets the condom.
Cas frowned, “Don’t want to just watch. Show me…” Cas stepped forward, ready to learn with a determined look on his face.
Cas sucked the head into his mouth and slid down painfully slowly. Dean expected him to stop once he felt his throat contract, but instead, Cas kept going until his nose pressed against Dean’s pelvis.
“What do you want? I’m trying to be a good girlfriend here. Would you rather I just left? So you can find a new girlfriend that likes bj’s and anal? Because if this isn’t working for you, I will leave.”
Cas pulled out his largest sweatpants and another old band tee and handed it to Dean, watching him put them on. ”You look adorable in my clothes.”
Dean chastised himself before looking up local tattoo shops.
“You spoil me, too. It’s only fair.” He bared his neck for Dean. “You like that mark?”
Castiel, but a car pulled into the lot and the presence of witnesses stalled him. He
Cas gasped and leaned forward, closer to Dean’s ear. “Tell me when to come.” He bit Dean’s neck, hard enough to get a slight taste of copper.
But that was just because he and Dean
“Don’t be so hard on Nick. He was freaking out the whole time we were looking for you. And if you hadn’t gone on a little
the pain. Especially when he was already so worked up. “Shit I’m close, fuck, Dean…”
Cas came back a moment later with a perfectly fitted white shirt on, and sat down on the couch, waving for Dean to join him. “So… you have my attention, Dean.”
Cas…  is an entirely different matter. Everytime he attempts to say ”hey, let me blow you“ he feels like an idiot, and ends up kissing him to keep from talking. This time though, Dean feels determined.
Dean slides them between his fingers and pulls, arching his back at how insanely good he feels. “I— fu— canIcome?”
Dean swore under his breath as Rose screamed, drawing the attention of every single person in that bar that hadn’t already looked over because of the fight. He kicked the crux of Anthony’s knee as he ran past, knocking him to the ground. He then took advantage of the scuffle and pocketed the $80 laying out in the open and took a swing at Anthony as he got back to his feet. “Cas! Car, now!”
Smiling to himself, Cas removed the one covering the combination lock and stuffed his books inside, laughing to himself when confetti fell out all over his shoes. “Damnit, Charlie.”
On day four, Dean woke up to a text… 4:35am, what was Cas doing awake?
“No… not never mind. Tell me, Dean.” There was something in his voice that made Dean shiver, and his ability to deflect dissipated.
He came out a couple minutes later with a balled up piece of cloth in his hand, belatedly thinking he should’ve wrapped it beforehand but it was too late now. Dean sat back down on the couch and unceremoniously handed it over to Cas, his eyes a little wide and looking vulnerable. “I uh... it’s stupid, but... just look at it.”
Rolling his eyes, Cas reached for the box and peaked inside. “Wow, how much do I owe you?” Cas asked looking at Nick.
on Adderall right now and Dean crossed his fingers that it wasn’t anything more.
and I dropped even harder. But it didn’t matter, the drop still sucked and I didn’t leave the house for a week because I knew you were gone.”
“Look, I’m not gay. I don’t exactly think Dean Jr. is gonna play ball for this.”
pills. That wasn’t the problem. The problem was he was trying
The burn has Dean groaning in pleasure and he pushes back for more. “Shit... Castiel.” He moans, feeling so damn full that tears prickle his eyes and it’s even better than he ever could have imagined.
Sam entered first and flopped down face first on the larger and more comfortable bed. "I can't believe you won the big bedroom again!" Sam's muffled voice was barely heard through the comforter. "You must cheat. You’ve won for the past three nights."
"You can't deny that you felt something when watching Sam and I kiss, Dean. I saw it in your eyes afterward. You two make me happy. And it would be the highest honor if we three could share in that joy together. But I understand if we have to work up to that point." Cas stood up and pulled Dean in for another kiss.
After making their sad, lopsided snowman spin around in circles Castiel decided it was time to set up and decorate the tree they had found the day before.
Soon enough, Sam slammed the trunk lid shut, came up to the back door and climbed in next to Cas. He was armed with an old blanket and a couple more layers of clothes for the three of them. “I’ve got some more clothes we can layer on, but there is only the one blanket. We’re going to have to pile up in the back and share to stay warm.”
“And Sammy mentioned how this was Jo’s favorite holiday because when her dad was alive, he would always come home to spend Christmas with his girls.” Dean continued. “So, we thought, well, we thought it would be a good idea to come back here and spend the holiday with you. In honor of them.” By now Dean was a little choked up and teary eyed too. It had, after all, only been a few weeks since the deaths of Jo and Ellen.
Never mind, now Dean looked outraged. “Let me out, you crazy buffoon!” Dean tossed Sam’s leg back to him and slid across the bench seat to open the other door. “Oh! My… everything! So sore.” He complained as he stood up. Dean looked across the roof of the car at Sam who had also exited the vehicle, however much more gracefully and apparently without as much pain. “How are you not cramped up and aching?”
“Awesome, I hope I don’t screw this up for you then, Cas. You gotta tell me if I’m not doing something that you want to do. You could say mine and Sam’s experiences with Christmas aren’t all that traditional to the human experience either. We might forget something important.”
Sam was back inside in an instant and headed straight for the bag of corn. He dished some out into a deep pot with a little oil in the bottom and turned the stove burner on to make some popcorn. He headed back to search the study and the living room to see if Bobby had any construction paper, or colored paper, or wrapping paper, or any paper really.
It came out of nowhere.
Up until Sam turned into a moody teenager, Dean was always letting Sammy indulge in his absolute delight at playing in the snow. No matter where the Winchesters lived Sam would always search out snow banks to build forts in or flat open spaces to make his favorite; snow angels.
"No, that's alright. I think I'll maybe I'll use them. You boys don't mind if Karen's hangs up there with the rest of ours, do you? It's just, I think I've missed seeing things of hers around here."
The next round had arrived. Sam filled Dean’s glass and topped off the rest.
"Hey guys, I've got some ideas for our tree." Sam said as he came back into the room. Dean and Castiel were not paying him any attention. They were crouched around the box of decorations while Dean carefully pulled a beautiful set of silver bells from a smaller box that they must have found under the other stuff.
"Of course, you are right, Sam." Castiel stepped away from the box and took a sweeping glance around the attic. Behind the first box he noticed there was another, slightly skinnier and longer, labeled 'Tree'. "Sam, why would there be a box labeled 'tree'? I thought trees only grew outside. You couldn't possibly keep one in a box in the attic, right?"
"Yeah, the little box has 'fragile' written multiple times on every side. I got the memo, thanks Sammy."
"Just come on inside, you'll see. Besides it's freezing out here. You don't even have a coat on."
“Huh.” Was Dean’s only response.
Castiel had already taken off his shoes and slipped out of the socks he was wearing. "Here's mine. And I'll put my other one up for Ellen."
"I can assure you, Sam, that with what angelic grace I have left I still would be able to tell if Dean cheated somehow. He did not cheat the coin flip tonight." Castiel sat down on the bed beside Sam. "I did."
"Quit yer nagging, you ain't my mother. But yeah, it's got a bit colder since I first came out here."
Dean's first conscious thoughts were that it was Christmas morning and that Castiel's hair smelt very good. Like cinnamon and cloves. His next thoughts were to question why he knew what Cas's hair smelt like and why Cas was in bed with him.
"For the moment? What do you mean by that Sam?" Dean shot out of bed and glared at his brother.
“As I always say, you don’t need to think when you listen to this band, you just feel.” Dean glanced in the rearview mirror and grinned at Cas.
"Sorry about him Bobby," Dean broke the awkward silence. "When I mentioned we should come here for Christmas and do all the cliché holiday stuff, he has been researching and asking questions the whole way up here. He found a copy of
"Can we watch inspirational Christmas movies on the television?"
Sam looked at Dean, slightly startled, “You mean it? We’re going to take time off?”
"No." Said Bobby and Dean. Sam had stayed quiet for this one.
The brothers and Castiel continue to decorate the tree, running into a few old memories in the process.
You’re just going to have to forget that Bobby already knows about the pagan god from that Christmas episode. I guess I did while I was writing it!
Cas had moved up next to the window and was gazing out in complete amazement.
“Hey Cas!” Dean was passing by at the end of the isle. His arms were full of many types of beer and alcohol with a few pies balanced delicately on top. “Don’t waste too much time here, you still have to find gifts and something to eat, remember? I’m headed to pay right now and I’ll be out in the car waiting when you’re done.”
"That sounds like a fine idea Dean. Just don't go getting sappy on me now, ya hear?" Bobby looked pointedly at Dean and Sam. "You come over and it’s gonna be beer and football and maybe a few snow ball fights. No more crafts to decorate the tree and singing carols by the fireplace."
Once they had gotten their bearings, Cas looked up past Sam's head to the ceiling where he hung the mistletoe. "Looks good Sam. You hung it right where I wanted it." Cas's gaze shifted to meet Sam's.
“Hey, don’t knock it. This is the best stuff to come out of the --” Dean suddenly cut the steering wheel hard to the left, jerking his passengers around.
Stepping out onto the porch dressed in three layers of clothes, Sam's first act was to swipe his hand down the railing and brush all the snow off the top. He then headed down the stairs kicking and swiping snow everywhere. He had his eye on a flat surface of snow just in front of the house. It would be perfect for making snow angels; smooth, flat and fluffy.
Apparently, part of Sam's idea of relaxing included running outside first thing in the morning to play in the snow.
“Essentially, yes. We do pray a lot. This time of year is seen as a time of reflection and service. We renew our vows to God and the host as we share our praise and exultation.” Castiel was dead serious. “It is enjoyable to be down here with you and experiencing the way you celebrate Christmas.”
While Sam is having fun in the snow Dean and Cas sit on the porch watching him.
"Alright, thanks Bobby. And if there aren't any red and white stockings up there, we'll just have to keep one thing this Christmas Winchester style and use our socks." Sam seemed to be just as determined to do things right as Castiel.
"Over here Cas. Found something." Sam called out to Castiel who was looking through a pile of boxes in the opposite corner. "It looks like the only one." Castiel quickly came over to Sam's side and immediately pulled the box over to him. He started pulling on the corners of the box that were folded over to keep it shut. "Hold on, we should probably head down stairs and take a look at what's inside when we have a bit more light.”
Cas raised his glass. “Well then, here’s to Jo.”
“Here, give me some light, next to my right hand.” Dean called out from the front.
Castiel looked confused. “I have never purchased a gift for anyone before. How am I supposed to know what you want?”
Cas, startled out of his lethargic daze, pulled his feet in and the door shut.
"But Bobby, they're beautiful. They deserved to be hung and admired." Castiel pleaded with Bobby to let them use the bells on their tree. "Besides, we're dedicating this holiday to the women we miss most, right? Wouldn't Karen want you to use them every year to remember her by?"
“Thank absent fathers, my baby didn’t roll!” Dean ran up to the car and draped his body over the hood.
Bobby's only response was silence and he remained so for quite a few minutes. He was so quiet and unmoving that the boys had given up waiting for Bobby's response and moved on to finish what they were doing. Sam headed back to the kitchen to finish up his popcorn and find some string and Castiel and Dean went back to putting the tree together and hanging the glass balls on the branches.
“Not that I ain’t glad to see you boys, but what are you doing all the way out here” Bobby led them into the kitchen to pass out a few drinks from the fridge.
Sam waived at the bartender, pointed to the pitcher and held up one finger with a smile. This seemed like the perfect opportunity to finally get Dean to talk - at least a little bit - and though Sam could make a fair guess as to what was on Dean’s mind, they were going to need more beer.
“Is it the end of the world?” asked Dean. “If not, then I’m going to just roll back over.”
Sam's eyes opened and looked into Cas's. Their shared gaze didn't last as long as his and Dean's usually would, nor was it as heated, but there was something about staring into Castiel's eyes at that moment, that Sam just couldn't get enough of.
The men stood around the kitchen in a thoughtful yet awkward silence for a few moments.
“You know, these chili fries might just be the best in the country, if not just the county.” Castiel licked the last of the chili sauce off his fingers. “If I still had all my powers I could go check.” He added with a pang of wistfulness. In the past hour or so he had warmed up - thanks to Dean’s advice or the magic of the symbol he didn’t know - and had shed not only the scarf and trench coat but his suit jacket as well. His shirt sleeves, he had rolled up to avoid accidentally brushing them through the chili.
“Oh yeah? How different, what do you angels do up there. Pray a lot?” Dean tried to be funny and crack a joke but Cas’s smile dropped and now he was sporting a very stern countenance.
Bobby nodded as he rolled up to the kitchen table. “Made a good choice. You’re always welcome here. Been too quiet here ‘round the holidays for too long.”
Castiel was confused, he wasn’t joking. Teasing maybe, but he had been entirely serious about wanting the three of them to sleep together again. “There is nothing wrong with wanting comfort from those you love during times of rest, or distress. I was comfortable. Sam was comfortable. You haven’t explicitly said you were uncomfortable, so therefore it is well within reason for us desire a repeat experience.”
Cas still looked confused, but now he also looked determined to get this right. “Ok. Thank you, Sam.”
Castiel was the first to awaken and though he was still slightly groggy and sleepy, he quickly decided that he was quite comfortable where he was. However, the fact that he recognized that he was comfortable coupled with the fact that he actually fell asleep, shocked him into complete awareness.
After nearly an hour of sneezing in the dusty attic, Sam and Cas finally found a box tucked into the far back corner. It was labeled 'X-mas' with a thick black marker in a flowing script.
The door opened and slightly but Bobby didn’t open it all the way to let them in. “Here.” He handed out a bottle of water. “Drink it. All of you.”
In fact, Dean had been grinning at Cas for about twenty-four hours straight because Cas absolutely refused to take off the silly hat. But somehow it was OK because Cas seemed to be grinning right back. Like he was right then, and like usual Dean just couldn't bring himself to look away.
“We got to talking the other day about Jo and Ellen.” Sam started.
“Bobby! Hey it’s us!” Sam knocked on the door in a special sequence that Bobby taught to the Winchesters as another precautionary measure of identification.
Sam turned around from the front seat. “Well, you don’t have to think too hard about it, Cas. Just think about what someone likes, what he likes to do, what he likes to eat or drink, or maybe something you think will get a laugh, and go from there.” Sam and Dean hadn’t spent much time in the past worrying about Christmas or birthdays. Buying gifts for each other, and occasionally their dad or Bobby, was usually rather simple and inexpensive.
"So, did we... Did anything happen last night?" Dean asked quietly.
“Cas, didn’t you - weren’t you? How’d you get up there?” He looked at his brother still asleep and leaning on Dean’s side. “Sammy! Sam, wake up. Gerroff!” Dean shoved Sam back toward the door.
Dean decided to put this big decision on the back burner for the moment and concentrate on more pressing issues. "Well, Merry-freaking Christmas. Who wants breakfast?”
Deciding that panicking was probably not the way to go right now with the other two so sound asleep, Dean simply stayed where he was and tried to remember what had happened the night before to get the three of them where they were now.
"Hey, Cas. Are you finding any tree trimmings in there?" Sam looked over at the eager angel. "Like strings of lights, ribbon or even tinsel, maybe?"
But before he could do more than roll over and sit up on the edge of the bed, Cas had broken off the kiss with Dean and turned around to face Sam. "Don't go, please Sam. I wanted to be nearer to you too, but the both of you were so insistent on that game of yours to choose bedrooms, I didn't know how to say I just wanted the three of us to share together." He leaned forward and planted a quick kiss on Sam's lips. "Please stay."
He wandered the isles looking for inspiration. First the bakery, which was promising. He knew Dean liked sweets, but Dean also said he was going to buy a pie, so Castiel didn’t think he could give Dean the same gift he just bought for himself. And Sam was even more difficult. He did find an isle with many books and magazines but most of them looked to be written for little girls or older women.
"Sam, you're the tallest, would you help me hang it here?" Cas pointed at a spot on the ceiling. He handed the mistletoe to Sam and stepped back to watch him work.
Dean had managed to gently maneuver himself from underneath Cas and sit up by this time. "Shhhh, you'll wake him." Dean pulled the covers further up over Cas's shoulders as he rolled off of the bed.
Dean was still enjoying his nog in the living room with Bobby. "Yeah, yeah! Be there in a minute!"
As soon as Sam realized what was happening he and started to get up off of the bed. "Right, um. I'll just go..."
"We didn't think you'd want to sleep uncomfortably in your jeans, so Cas took them off after we'd gotten you situated."
"Alright, just so we're all aware, we're hanging dirty socks in front of the fireplace in honor of the dead women in our lives, right?" Sam asked, even as he toed his socks off, too.
