"If you're going to tell me to talk about it- I don't wanna hear it." He warned her with more anger than intended.
Steve took a deep breath as he looked at Tony and knew he was on the brink of breaking down. He glanced behind himself and walked towards the door. As he walked towards the door he heard footsteps coming towards him and stopped to turn around to see who was coming for him. He saw no one behind him and started walking again. He heard the noise again and stopped walking to see who it was. He had his hand on the doorknob and felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned around to see who it was and saw that it was Tony's hand. Before Steve was able to ask him why he's here, Tony hugged him from behind and tried his best to not cry. Steve froze in place and looked down at his hand that was on the doorknob. He slowly let go of it and held Tony's arms carefully. He didn't want to check his wrists to see any straight lines he didn't want to see.
"I felt sick and thought the fresh air would help me relax. I forgot about my allergies and didn't take the meds." He confessed while bowing his head down, feeling the lump in his throat again. He did know it would come and go whenever he felt one of his attacks coming. He was just thankful that it came after he was done talking.
**Warning** This story has an anxiety attack trigger warning and I'm sorry in advance if anyone of y'all are affected.
Tony stood up from the ground and felt his back crack. He cracked his knuckles and looked off in the distance where Peter was once staring at. He remained silent when Mantis followed him and asked him where he was going. She held her own hand and stood behind him submissively. Tony could feel her presence behind him and he could not ignore her. He turned around and told her to come forward and to stand next to him. She looked confused but ready to follow orders no matter what.
"It's honestly wasn't. I was just thinking... about something that's been bugging me. I needed some air." Tony rubbed his left wrist with his trembling hand and took a deep breath to calm his nerves.
"Pinky swear."  There was a pause and all that could be heard was the sound of someone trying to stop themselves from crying. Peter moved his arms to hug Tony's back and pat him on the back supportingly.
Tony sat down on the couch next to Steve with a heavy sigh. Steve looked over at him and saw that he was rubbing his chin as he steadily looked down at the ground. He was leaning towards the floor and looked as if he was about to pass out.
Steve could feel his stomach rolling uncomfortably at Howard’s words. Is that what he always told Tony? That Captain America would be ashamed of him? If so, no wonder why Tony’s manners upon meeting the Captain for the first time held nothing but resentment.
It made them feel horrible and guilty to know that through all this time and through all the verbal abuse they threw the engineer's way and the inconsideration of his feelings, they were contributing to something much bigger. And they exchange a look that was enough to confirm that the genius is right; if they hadn’t known, they most probably wouldn’t have stopped. Their third eye would not have opened to see that this wasn’t normalcy, it was abuse.
“He knew Peggy,” Steve said, pointing out the obvious. “Why didn’t he tell me?”
The grotesque ruins of Gulmira make him shudder under his red-gold suit. Gray ashes dance around the land of destroyed houses and men who move dimly and already crumbling through the powdery air. There are children who peek their heads through the brick walls with their dark doe eyes in fear and fury. A young girl stands right in front of him with hair matted in gray ashes and her cheeks smeared with dirt and blood, but her fists are curled around a sharp stone. There’s no fear in her eyes, just red alarms. He asks JARVIS to translate the words to her that he’s not gonna hurt them. She doesn’t move.
“Oh god, you’re such a flirt.”
But Bruce didn’t respond, and as Tony dragged his cup along with him to a stool opposing the Doctor, he tried again. “Bruce?”
“But I wouldn’t,” Steve whispered. “This... bigness, this strength, this height, this heart of mine, it all exists to protect you. I promise.”
“We’ve come up with an alternative form of lithium dioxide. It’s gonna momentarily reverse the blood poisoning. Force the palladium back into the arc reactor rather than just roam freely around. But it’s still temporary, and unfortunately, we really don’t understand how your arc reactor works, so a solution to this is gonna lie in your hands,” a nurse with a syringe in hand said. The other nurse held a metal chip and instructed that Tony takes the arc reactor out.
“Yeah, it’s adorable. That was adorable,” Bruce said with a smile. Natasha nodded in agreement and asked, “Are there more tapes like that?”
Tony naturally found himself taking a seat next to Thor, who appeared to be holding tears in his blue-green eyes. “He wasn’t allowed to walk through her funeral. Odin knew of how much he loved her. He still didn’t allow him. Only then did I see...”
They made it to the communal area to find Rhodey showing Steve things on a tablet, and Bruce reading a book in the kitchen. Natasha argued with Clint for a solid minute of refusing to be on his team. “He’s a damn genius! You think he needs any of our help? Sit your ass down next to me and be on my team!” Clint had said to which Natasha rolled her eyes and begrudgingly sat next to him. “I already know we’re gonna lose.”
"Get out before I accept your apology," Tony said as calmly as possible.
Before he could recall any more hard memories,
"Yeah, that kinda sounds like me-"
"He saved you," Tony repeated as he looked down at his dusty and bloody hand.
"Never has it before. My aunt used to tell me it's full of sugar."
"Well," He said while taking out a black, ceramic bowl and metal spoon and put it on the table, next to the milk and cereal, "you better tell her that she's right. I tell Jarvis to print out special boxes that say that they're reduced sugar and with fewer marshmallows and temporarily change google whenever she asks about if it's real or not." He pulled up a chair for Peter to sit at and saw that he was too small to get on himself. He hoisted him up and pushed him in.
"Don't lie to me. I hate liars."
"Tony-"
_____
There was a pause that felt like it lasted an entire hour.
"I'm fine," Tony replied while moving himself away from Steve as he glanced away to take a deep breath. He moved his hand away from his left wrist and held his hands behind his back to prove to Steve that he was alright. He turned his body to face Steve and noticed that Steve didn't bother getting closer to him. He was thankful that he respected his personal space for once in his life.
"You are deeply troubled." That was all she could say after a minute of thinking.
"Mr.Stark, I don't feel so good." His voice and hands were trembling. His voice was dry as sandpaper and his knees turned weak. He wanted to collapse right where he was standing but forced himself to get closer to Tony. He managed to put one foot in front of the other but lost all balance and fell to the ground. Tony swept in by sliding on his knees and held Parker up. He held him close and could feel how hard Parker's chest was beating against his.
Tony wakes up in his bed with a sharp and quick gasp. He hears Pepper talking with someone downstairs and congratulating them over something. He hears Jarvis's voice but can't make out what he said in the first sentence.
"There we go." Tony clapped his hands together and faintly smiled at himself for what he allegedly said. He held out both hands for Peter and slowly crouched down so they would see eye to eye. Peter hesitated to take a step forward because he wanted to make sure that Tony was addressing him and not Pepper. He then ran into his arms and looked directly at the arc reactor with the biggest smile on his face.
He woke up covered in sweat and blurry vision that wouldn't go away immediately. Tony shot himself on his feet and was ready to attack anyone he saw. He blinked rapidly to get rid of the blurry vision and saw Mantis on the ground with her antennas glowing faintly. She had a depressed look on her face and her skin looked more pale than usual. Tony wiped his face and could feel the ash all over himself. He wiped his forehead with his sleeve and sat back down next to Mantis with a deep and tired sigh. He looked at the ground then at her and cleared his throat in an attempt to break the ice. Mantis looked at him at the corner of her eyes and frowned.
"Did it make you feel better? I can help you go back inside if you need to. Do you have to take your meds?" Steve reassured him while slowly moved closer to Tony. He didn't know why he was moving closer to him but wanted to make sure that Tony knew that he was here for him.
"Tony giving you a hard time?" He asked without looking up. Steve nodded his head at him before sitting down next to him, careful not to bother him.
"Oh," Pepper said as she crouched down and put her hands on the child's shoulders and looked up at Tony, "this is Peter. You found him a few nights ago while you were fighting off Loki. You asked him where his parents were and then you took him. His aunt and uncle are more than willing to help out with anything and will visit as much as possible." She informed him.
Eventually, once they were up in the living quarters, Natasha passed Ian back to Steve, waiting till he’d pulled him securely against his chest. “I’ll leave you three alone,” she said. A second kiss on Ian’s forehead. “Увидимся позже, солнышко.”
At first, Steve was just relieved that Bucky was no longer in his cell. But seeing him sitting in the living room, wearing colorful sweatpants and a t-shirt, watching what looked a lot like ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians’ while Natasha was stretched across the sofa with her head resting on his lap, still in her pyjamas… that was something else entirely.
“You think that
Afterwards, they lay on the bed, holding each other. They talked, all the while touching, caressing each other as much as they could.
Steve blinked, then remembered. “Oh right, your presentation.” He glanced behind Tony. “So it’s finished?”
“Yeah, trust me, I wouldn’t touch that with a pole right now. No, I…” He sighed, standing up in the middle of the cockpit, looking at each of them. “I know this isn’t the best time to say this, but… Remember when, uh, when the shit with Pierce went down how I told you that there’s stuff I wouldn’t tell either of you?”
“Getting there is part of the charm.”
Tony chuckled at that, and Steve tried for a small smile. "After Bucky came to live with me, everything kind of tipped out of balance.” He paused, taking a deep breath and finally met Tony's eyes. “You asked what's wrong with me. The answer is that I got scared. And I made decisions based on that fear. Mistakes, really. And I'm sorry I put you through that." He lowered his hands and leaned a little against Tony's hands, just enough to bring attention back to their close proximity. "I'd like to make it right, if you'd let me."
Tony wet his lips and trailed his eyes down the length of his body. His face looked boyishly peaceful, then, the hint of a happy smile tugging at his lips.
Tony swallowed, looking more spooked than Steve had ever seen him. “I’m still the devil.”
Tony heaved himself into a sitting position, braced on one straight arm, then nearly folded over again.
“Traitor!” Tony called after him and rolled onto his stomach. He eyed the alarm clock on Steve’s night stand, groaning when he realized it wasn’t even 7 o’clock yet. There should be
have those five minutes. He helped Bucky to his feet.
At some point, Steve put an end to their stumbling, and the floor beneath Tony’s feet vanished. Without warning, Steve carried him into the shower and crowded him against the cold tiles. A second later, pelts of warm water sprayed down on their very naked bodies.
only a cop, wasn’t he? A single-dad who tried to take good care of his son. He wasn’t the kind of guy someone like Tony… someone so
Tony knew exactly what he was asking, and only managed to voice a soft, “Huh?”
“Alright,” a different voice supplied on a sigh. “Keep the others informed. I’ll join them as soon as he wakes up.”
And they certainly could need all the support they could get. For once, they’d be treading on unknown grounds. Last time, Wanda had been on their side and Pietro… Pietro had been dead.
to help him,” Tony snapped. “He made that impossible! I can’t be seen helping him, or I’m cut off—for good. We’d all be fugitives, and I have a
“I know.”
“That’s it,” Steve rasped into his ear. “Give it all to me. All of it.” His thrusts were growing even more frantic, but no less precise. As though releasing to a mixture of relief and anger at once. As though punishing Tony for making him worry so much. Every strangled moan from Tony was answered with a gasp of pleasure, and Tony did not call him on it. It was good. He felt so
“Knew it,” Tony said cheekily.
“Can’t believe you’re here,” Steve murmured, and leaned up to press a lingering kiss to Tony’s lips. “Didn’t expect to see you again before next Friday.”
“We both know that whether or not we can take Ultron off the Internet, I’m still a liability. You saw it at the party, Extremis is a handicap, and there’s every chance he’ll take me apart as he did with JARVIS. And I couldn’t live with myself if he turned me against you.”
It was late, the part of night when daylight seemed too close and darkness was already beginning to fade. Exhaustion was beginning to really set in and the effects of all the emotional ups and downs of the last seventy-two hours were starting to wear on Tony. He wanted so badly to go to the bedroom, collapse on their bed, preferably with Steve in his arms, and just sleep for hours. If not days.
“Please don’t freak out,” he mumbled awkwardly, but didn’t give Steve even a second to let those words register, before he pulled back slightly. He cupped Steve’s face, guiding his mouth to Tony’s and pressing their lips together.
If he closed his eyes, he could almost imagine the covers, the whole air, slowly started to smell like the both of them together.
It took a while for the dust to settle, but when it did, Steve could see the Hulk on the edge of the collapsed building with Wanda standing a little ways behind him, and the night sky obscured everything behind them.
It was startling to find Tony looking at him with open honesty for once. He didn't know how to explain that it wasn't exactly stress, but rather a sense of foreboding that lingered from the hallucination he had yet to talk about with the team. Saying so might come off as unkind, or dismissive, and he didn't want to upset Tony.
“On va voir.”
Wondering if there was any chance at all the universe wouldn’t take this from him before it even started.
, as you always said. I would’ve turned the world upside down for you, then right side up again. I gave it my all—and my all wasn’t enough. How can you possibly believe you and I can make long-term work? That there is something to salvage between us, when it’s clear that being apart is the only thing that ever worked for us. I just… I want to, but I just don’t see it.”
And there was something in Steve’s eyes that shouldn’t be there anymore. Something they’d lost the day they parted ways at SHIELD’s headquarters.
And she was moving it so fast that Tony could barely take a breath in-between.
“Yeah?”
“Hey,” Tony said with sudden worry in his voice. “St—
Steve stared at him, still panting. Was he okay? He shook his head, looked at his hands. How could he do something like that? This sort of thing had never happened before.
“’Oh heck’?” Tony echoed. “You even talk like him. The star-spangled man with a plan, huh? You’ve got any plans for tonight?”
“Guys—” Sam started, sighing.
With that, he took hold of Steve’s uniform pants, opening the fastenings easily, and dragging it down, too. He glanced at Steve’s crotch, pleased to see that he was definitely affected, too. Tony withdrew, letting Steve step out of his uniform completely while he made quick work of his own clothing, rendering them to the floor with little care.
“It’s a really, really long story.”
Tony trailed in the direction Steve was pointing at and grabbed the sauce, as well as knives and forks for the both of them. When he turned around, Steve had already arranged everything.
Steve hesitated, then nodded.
When they descended the stairs a few minutes and a handful of short kisses later, various smells floated in the air, making the empty feeling in Tony’s stomach more pronounced. And though he still felt a little awkward just being back here all of a sudden, joining the others in their daily routine, he would eventually have to brave this if he wanted to be part of the team again.
There was an awkward silence. Bucky was still staring at Steve like he was having trouble understanding what was even happening. Only when he realized that Bruce had addressed him directly, he met Natasha’s eyes, shifting uncomfortably. She offered a bemused smile and nodded.
Tony nodded. “Yeah… thanks.”
But his body had other ideas. He knew the minute he was about to come and suddenly his fingers were plucking at Tony’s cock and he leaned back a bit to change the angle of his thrusts. His head dropped forward to watch and he hissed in pleasure.
. Cautiously, Tony met Steve’s eyes again, and he was completely overwhelmed in his confused compassion. Steve
He leaned his forehead on the door next to her cheek and panted, trying to collect himself. Natasha was like a warm embrace, hugging every inch of him with perfection. Once his eyes locked with hers again, the tip of her tongue traced his lips and she pivoted her hips perfectly against his. One corner of his mouth lifted in a seductive smirk and he gripped her hips and started moving inside her.
Not knowing what else to do, he raised his hand in greeting.
The pain that jolted through him as the bullet pierced his left arm was excruciating. There was a second and a third shot, but one of the suits rushed for Steve and blocked them both.
That only made Bucky laugh heartily and clap his back. Steve had realized early on that Bucky had seemingly retained his power and his physique, which was all kinds of impressive.
Steve’s gaze whipped back to Jarvis, hoping against hope Jarvis had some kind of explanation for this. However, his face was blank with confusion. After a pregnant pause, he shook his head.
In his dreams, Tony had lived through meeting Steve again about a hundred times. Throughout the past years, he’d built a palace on dreams for them, but the real world had crashed at their doorstep.
Tony’s hand was firm around his as they left the car. He led Steve further into Stark Mansion’s shadow and after only a few steps, he was surrounded by a sea of blank faces. By people who were likely thinking how audacious he was for being here. For even considering being with a powerful man like Tony Stark.
“Tony… of course you made an impact,” Steve said. And when Tony looked up, he saw Steve—saw
“Trying not to,” Tony answered and grabbed for his jacket. Before walking out of the room, he gave his newly shaven goatee a last look over. It was still a tiny bit too patchy, all in all, but it did make him look older.
Natasha smirked. "I'll tell you all about it later," she promised.
“Really. And now take one of the damn sandwiches and eat something. I’m not you people’s mother.”
“I’m not like them,” he told Tony as he caught him looking. “I never was.”
When Bucky rushed at him, swinging a blade out of his sleeve, Tony barely blinked. He ducked, rolled, and ducked again. He knocked Bucky to the floor with a quick sweep of his legs, and sent him staggering into the next wall when he tried to get up.
Natalia’s eyes were unfocused, staring into distance. “We could run away,” she said after a long moment. “Hide somewhere. Live a different life. I know someone who could help us get off their grid.”
For a blessed ten minutes, there was quiet except for the squeaking of the swing and Ian’s babbling. Tony was almost ready to pack it and finally go home when Ian started crying again. With a sigh that was close to exasperated, Tony turned to check on him. After ten more minutes of running through the usual checklist of possible problems, serious frustration was beginning to leak in. After a week of almost non-stop crying, Tony wanted to burst into tears himself, though he’d never have admitted it.
Tony glanced up and sighed. “Come on, I’m not angry, quit looking at me like I’ll throw him out. I know you can keep Ian safe even if he loses it, but…” He looked at Bucky, his expression a mixture of solemnity and regret. “The risk is too high. We gotta ask Happy to babysit for a while. I can’t… I can’t have you around him.”
“Did you?”
. I’m a good cook.”
“She’s turning it back,” Steve breathed next to Tony, the hopeless look gone from his eyes.
“Har har, Rogers,” Tony said.
“Steve?” Peggy asked, as she stepped up to him cautiously. “What’s wrong?”
Tony hesitated a step before he walked into the hospital room, a dark thought entering his mind without resistance. For the first time since he and Steve had gotten together, he wasn’t sure whether or not he was welcome at his side. Not after what had happened on the Helicarrier.
Steve wrapped his arms around his upper body, knowing perfectly well that this was something that could not only destroy his own life, but Tony’s as well.
Most of all, he was proud of this brave step Tony'd taken with his company. Shutting down the lucrative weapons' division in favor of something more benevolent, and much more risky, was a step most companies would've paid a dire price for, but somehow, Tony had managed to sell the idea well enough for his company to stay one of the top ranking in Wall Street.
“I can’t,” Steve suddenly said. He glanced to Tony once more, looking at him as if he’d never really seen him before… and then, he turned around.
“Did you mean Virtual Basketball Lord? Yeah, it’s me,” Natasha smiled softly as the engineer let out a watery chuckle. He unfolded himself from his tense hold and looked around awkwardly at the three men sat before him.
He couldn’t tell. All he knew is that he had to get away from the men looming over him. He cowered away and tried to make himself smaller. “I’ll b-build it j-just p-please d-don't t-touch me p-please it h-hurts p-please p-please I’ll b-build it I’ll b-build it...”
“So it’s either be the government or SHIELD’s bitch? I’m not handing my property to any of you,” Tony says as he throws the file back to Fury. “Regarding this shit in my chest,” he points to the arc reactor, “I’m working on it. Trust me, it doesn’t feel all that great to incorporate heart attacks into my daily routine. And Iron Man? Yeah, that’s my property. You won’t touch it.”
“Christmas is coming up, Tony,” she said softly, and Tony’s breath stuttered ever so slightly. The super soldier’s ears picked up on it just fine.
“Any other point in your life where stress is nonexistent? Do you recall a point in your life, even if it were in the past, where you have felt safe?”
major apologies for the delay in updating/replying to the comments, i had BURNT MY FUCKING HAND and had to take the time off for it to heal :)) not fun.
presence in his mind would knock the air out of his diminished lungs; the next he's the Steve Rogers he could never amount to his purity and beauty and strength and nobility and
Thor was crying. He out of everyone should’ve been the most understanding. He saw his father wrong Loki in many ways, and saw the absolute misery Loki grew up in. But Loki had a brother, Stark had no one. He should’ve known that his teammate would be suffering immensely even if he presented otherwise. Not to mention how he saw images and heard the cries of the little boy Stark has once been not through the screen of the TV, but through the man’s mind. He was still suffering, still dwelling in those memories, still hurt. And Thor was too busy wincing over wounds that weren’t his instead of tending to the man suffering them.
“It means the government doesn’t fucking trust you. What? You think they’ll trust you when your only way of dealing with a threat is to get drunk out of your mind and do hard drugs? Or to fucking whore yourself out? That shit made fucking headlines, Stark!”
“M’sorry about that.”
Tony giggled and patted the green patch of skin that came upon Bruce’s hand. “Prove it. Make me my favorite food, pretty please.”
“Oh. Oh, okay. You scared me,” Steve let out a long sigh of relief.
“Not in that way. What I mean is to give yourself a day where you don’t have to give something too much thought. Maybe you could try coloring or something. Something that could allow your mind to rest,” she suggested.
Steve got up to see the board as Clint’s jaw dropped to the floor and Natasha facepalmed. “How did that even happen?” Steve asked as he took a seat by the table to witness the game. Rhodey and Bruce got up to check it out, too.
and practicing the art of reaching out to others when needing help
It didn’t happen overnight, and he is reminded of how much time has passed when Pepper walks into his office with two slices of cake and a proud, warm smile. “Happy one-year sober!”
“Hey, Stark? Why don’t you be a nice rich boy and give us a couple of dollars to get food. We’ve been camping out here waiting for you to make your way to the tower. We’re kinda hungry.” A few agreements erupted from the crowd, and he could hear the Avengers curse under their breaths for this to be over. Luckily, the green light signal was only a few seconds away from going off.
enjoy reading :)
Steve nodded once as a broken sob escaped his lips.
But he had looked so happy playing chess with them, even if the matches got redundant. He had looked so happy watching Thor and Bruce fall victims under Clint and Natasha’s prank. He had looked so happy whenever Steve interacted with him and threw nothing but smiles the Captain’s way to prove it.
“Fury rejected your resignation,” Natasha told him when he sat on the stool next to her.
They continued munching on food and exchanging conversations, until Rhodey got a call for a mission, and left off with the note of coming back soon. Steve watched as Tony hugged him tightly and nuzzled his head into his best friend’s neck before letting go with a frown. “Don’t worry, tin man. I’ll be around soon.”
“Tony? You’re hurting yourself. Tony, your hand is bleeding!” Clint tried to get a hold on his wrists to stop the manic man from tearing through his room’s wallpapers with the shard of glass held tightly in his grip. Tony ignored him as his wide and frantic eyes looked for more, more, more. The siren in his mind was loud, maddening, deafening. And yet, it was music to his ears. He pushed the archer away as he marched to his parents’ room. He tore the mattress, pillows, the wallpaper, broke the vases, the mirrors, the doors of the closets and dressers. Before he left, he looked at his bloody hands, and wiped them off against his father's clothes that were in the closet.
"Yeah, let him in."
The last room Tony walked into was the study room, and the team anticipated hearing glass break and shatter, seeing torn furniture and wallpapers, and seeing the perfectly stacked books fly out of place. But they learned Tony Stark is spontaneous and unexpected in every mood, for the genius opened the door to the room just to stand there heaving with exhaustion. He took one, two, three steps in, and fell to his knees as he screamed. He screamed, and screamed, and screamed—loud, maddening, deafening. Thor had to hold Bruce in his arms with whispers of the sun going low to keep him from hulking out, but it wasn’t the Hulk’s voice that cried out “Tony’s hurt. He’s so hurt.”
. It was always different and yet the same, but Steve didn’t mind. All he had ever hoped for was to see Tony heal not for anybody’s sake but his own.
His mind pushed every sound that wasn’t that contented buzz out of his skull to diffuse into thin air. He saw how perfectly still the soldier had stayed. How he did not chase after Tony’s actions to instigate his own, and his chest breathed easier at the realization that Steve truly meant every word he had said. Steve would never hurt him. He promised.
“Late night,” he answered.
Tony put his hand over the arc reactor as he suppressed a wince. Clint noticed. He waited until the genius made eye contact with him before signing
A few still pictures of Tony from a few hours ago showed up. His clothes were crumbled on him, and his eyes were bloodshot red. Tony giggled and pointed at the screen, “Looook! It meeee!”
He looks around as his vision clears out. He sees the Avengers in front of him smile softly. Steve and Bruce’s faces are stained with tears. He sees Rhodey by his side. No smiles and no stains. Raw, fresh tears are pouring out of his eyes and a deep frown is etched all over him, and Déjà vu looms over him as he recalls this exact position they had when he was fifteen. “I’m so fucking glad you’re back,” he hiccups, and Tony’s heart aches.
“I know,” Tony would answer softly and retreat to his never-ending charming conversations.
And that’s how Tony would end up placed in between the man’s the legs with his back resting against his chest. He would moan and cry as the older man stroked torturously slow. But Obadiah knew what he was doing. He wanted to make Tony more and more desperate with every stroke. Until one day he finally programmed the idea in Tony’s head to have sex.
It’s a sentence he has heard before, and it hurts to be slapped by it again. For months, it had been the anchor his ship was saved by, but now it has become the anchor that weighs his ship down, and he’s on the brink of drowning.
He sighed again. He was getting exhausted. “Not... ‘bad,’ just scary. Which angers me. Which I have once taken out on him until I scared him. Which made me feel like shit. Which I don’t want to happen again. Which I need to fucking fix.”
“I told you not to come after me,” Tony says bitterly.
Tony did relish in being wanted and for his presence to be requested for something beyond meetings and missions, but for the purpose of being a source of enjoyment to someone’s time in such an innocent way.
like the poster hung above his bed, and
“Tony,” Steve whispered softly, already dreading the answer of the question he was yet to ask. “Why me? Why for me?”
“So you’re just gonna resort to fucking dying?”
Thor has arrived from Asgard. The god walked in on them throwing his usual smile and warm, tight hugs. Something that Tony admired about Thor is that he didn’t hesitate to hug him the same as everybody else, but the genius did notice something unusual about the god, and it wasn’t just the black strand of hair braided into his blonde type.
She got up from her crouched position on the floor to walk around the grand study room. The bookshelves hid the walls, and dusty books were stacked neatly in them. A book titled in Russian caught the redhead’s attention, and her lithe fingers took it off the shelf to skim through the epilogue before deeming it not up to her taste. As she made her way to return the book to its place, she noticed a piece of cardboard jut out of the empty space. Out of curiosity, she took more books out of the shelf and realized what was hidden behind was a dusty, taped box. She placed the books on the floor to take the box out. Soon, her and Clint were carefully opening the box. “Oh, this is gonna be fun. Guys look what Nat found!”
“Whatever I wanna do?” Tony sniffled as he held onto Steve’s blue shirt. His eyes were big and innocent as he looked up to the Captain with tears pouring out of them, and Steve couldn’t shake the image he has seen of his tear stained face on a big screen gulping pills on straight vodka. His heart sank all the same when Tony whispered, “All I wanna do is kill myself.”
“I missed you too, Jay,” he smiled, and the team couldn’t help but smile too when Tony’s bots walked in to greet their creator. Dum-E beeped and twirled around on its wheels as soon as the engineer parked the car and got out of it. YOU and Butterfingers were racing far behind and occasionally tugged at each other’s arms so the other would stumble.
Steve looked around him as the voices of his teammates blurred out. He grew fond of the billionaire genius, and watching such scenes unfold right in front of his eyes hurt like a bitch as he is unable to jump into the screen and rescue the boy from this—to hold him and tell him he would never be ashamed of him. He wanted nothing but to tell him to not grow up into the man he knows today: the man who hides behind a paparazzi smile and arrogant comments that always held the hidden remark of
Two more days and he’ll fall in the arms of his loneliness with the whisper of "Honey, I'm home."
“I didn’t know what they were gonna be. You told me I could take a look around.”
Somehow, that put his mind at ease. It felt validating and freeing to know other people think the man was not as good as his sick brain had sometimes painted him out to be just to mess with its beholder. He did hear it from Rhodey over and over again but hearing it from more people was a kind confirmation. And he supposed this was the first opportunity to practice the art of seeking warmth out of the fire without burning, so, he raised his chin up and muttered, “Yeah, fuck Obadiah.” It weirdly felt liberating, and he relished in the proud looks he received from his team.
“You’re warm,” Tony slurred yet again as Steve leaned over to take the drunk man’s shoes off for him. Tony giggled as he wiggled his socked feet and nuzzled his head against Steve’s chest. Steve couldn’t help but giggle too. It was contagious.
Tony suppressed a frustrated sigh. “You slipped.”
“Tesoro,” JARVIS corrected. “It’s an Italian word. A term of endearment that means ‘sweetheart.’ Its literal meaning, however, translates to ‘treasure.’”
Being left alone for just a few minutes was suffocating because there was no voice but his own, and he often found himself panicking in silence until someone picked up a conversation with him again. The Avengers initiated various protocols via JARVIS without his knowledge to try and keep him safe. They really couldn't risk him knowing of said protocols and overriding them in moments where those suicidal thoughts would be the driving force of his impulsive behavior. Besides, the AI has been greatly cooperative.
“Nope. Just follow me,” Tony grinned as he hopped out of the car.
He falls into her arms as he weeps. He’s holding onto her for dear life, and he feels small. But he lets himself feel small in her arms because he had been small in her arms. He doesn’t mind it. If anything, he finds comfort in it, similar to the comfort he had felt sleeping in the Captain’s arms with his head nuzzled into his warm chest. He doesn’t flinch at such realization, he smiles at its face, but he knows he won’t be able to smile at it or at the Captain anymore. Not after tonight.
And Steve understood all too well where this was coming from, but he couldn’t help but feel the weight of the world and his misery and the dazed face of a touch and attention-starved ten-year-old Tony Stark being told
“I was alone living them. Leave.”
Jarvis’ voice and Tony’s decreased in volume as the man walked off to his lab with his bots tagging along. The team stood there in the garage awkwardly, before Natasha said, “We need to sit him down and talk to him. He’s not doing well.”
“Shit’s fucked up!” Clint threw his hands in the air in defeat when he lost his third round of chess against Tony, who just stuck his tongue out at the archer when he accused him of cheating. “I’m a genius. Duh.”
He goes through all the tapes, and the mansion starts smelling of burnt plastic. They are still in place by the entrance of the living room. They peek their heads and watch as the man stares into the big, black screen. A few minutes pass by with him just sat like that, before Natasha takes the first step into approaching the engineer. They don’t bother hiding or pretending they weren’t looking out for him, and he doesn’t seem to be here to mind. His eyes are as unseeing as they were in the last two minutes of the tape during the night before Christmas, and of the tape where Peggy promised to rush Howard’s work contract.
Tony nodded and gulped. “You’re much bigger than me. You all are,” he whispered as he ran his hands yet again over the broad shoulders. “Much stronger than me,” he ran his hands over the Captain’s biceps. “Much taller than me,” he tiptoed as his hands ran up again to trace over the face of the man before him. “You could... easily...” Tony whispered as his chocolate eyes welled with tears.
“He is alive and well. You may retreat to your daily activities now,” JARVIS tells them when they ask. He sounds bitter and cold.
So Tony would let Steve hold his hand, run those big and soft hands through his brown curls, cup his cheeks and trace the features of his face with care, and lay his head on the soldier’s lap while he tells him of humorous stories of how SHIELD handled what he had called the “defrosting” of him, and when Tony’s ill mentality would morph Steve’s face into that of the poster’s and make him smell nothing but strong whiskey and cigarettes, he would make a run to his room or the lab. Steve would never make himself out to appear bothered by any of it, although it did sting a bit. Instead, he would follow Tony’s footsteps into whatever room he has locked himself in and continue to talk or read out of pages of books from behind the door until he'd sleep, and in the morning, Tony would wake him up with a cup of coffee exactly how the soldier likes it, and a smile that told the soldier that those body aches from sleeping on the hard floor by the door were worth it. What the soldier never knew is that his heavy sleep kept him from feeling the brunet’s crouched figure by his side running his fingers through the blonde locks.
“No. Absolutely not I’m just—”
“Okay, but I’m not an idiot! Take it back, Tony!” the Captain crossed his arms and feigned taking offense. Tony rolled his eyes, but smirked as he said, “I have a thing for idiots, anyway,” and watched Steve’s jaw drop to the floor.
“Tony, you’ve already done so much progress already. I know it’s hard for you to see that, but seriously. Look at you. Tony, a few months ago would you have even let me in your room and locked the door?”
“This is extravagant! My dearest gratitude and appreciation for such lovely surprise,” the god smiled as he placed firm, gentle hands by the brunet’s shoulders. “You have been a great friend, Man of Iron. This lovely surprise was much needed. Thank you.”
Tony didn’t have the time to react to the use of his own quote against him, because Natasha has spoken right after.
“I don’t know, Captain Hook. Add it to my list of irresponsible and reckless behavior.”
Tony leaned in all the way and kissed him with gentleness and softness he didn’t know he was capable of. It was the first kiss he has deliberately given anyone while sober, and as he felt a smile against his lips, he broke the kiss to smile too.
“Clint, turn it off,” Thor said.
But the answer never came. Instead, Tony had lifted his head to stare into the baby blue eyes, and then got up to stand right in front of the soldier. He never broke eye contact as he cupped Steve’s soft porcelain cheek and ran his thumb over the delicate skin. Steve’s breath hitched in his throat, and he didn’t dare move. Tony’s fingertips were soft and gentle against his skin. Both his hands came to gently cup his neck, run against the skin there until goosebumps emerged on the surface of the soldier’s skin, and continue to run down further and further until Steve’s blood ran cold as Tony got on his knees.
“This is not good for him. For his heart! We need to get him to stop,” Bruce’s voice cracked nervously.
They sat in a comfortable silence for some time. At some point, Steve hummed a tune, and Tony laid his head on the soldier’s lap and listened to the soft melody. Steve was aware of how much trust Tony was putting in his hands, and he wanted to cry right then and there of how grateful he is for it all.
"Not anymore," Tony answered reluctantly.
He shot up from his bed, and nearly tumbled over on his way out of the room and down the long, long, staircase. He quickly located his teammate and found him hitting his head hard against the hard wall behind him. His eyes were shut tight, but the tears found an escape anyway, and he could see splotches of red on the wall. He rushed over to Tony to try and stop him, but the engineer let out a scream upon the contact.
Rhodey set his cup of coffee down to properly address the archer. “Listen man. Tony is not dumb. He gets me and Pepper Christmas gifts every year and I’m pretty sure he got Natasha a gift, too.”
“You guess it’s cool? You literally came up with a new element right in front of our eyes!” Steve said as he flailed his arms. “You really don’t give yourself as much credit as you should.”
His heart ached not because his flesh was tender, but because he felt like such a failure.
“Rhodes, should we celebrate Christmas this year?” Clint asked.
“You always draw robots and turn them into projects for your company. That defeats the purpose,” she said. Upon Tony’s confused look, she went on to explain. “PTSD and addiction seem to come together in most patients. It functions as a coping mechanism, albeit self-destructive. Of course, you wouldn’t see that. But Tony, you must understand that we need to work on fixing the problem, rather than running away from it. Tell me, when do you feel the safest?”
Something foul and absolutely twisted floated in the air as the Avengers watched in horror. Steve leaned forward in his seat as his mind begged for whatever that was about to happen to not happen. The look on Tony’s face was beyond terror and panic. Tony was petrified and small—so, so small.
“Early morning or late night?” Tony chimed in as he entered the room. Bruce’s shoulders relaxed upon the engineer’s presence.
“Pretty much,” Tony said casually. It worried Rhodey beyond belief. “I can’t live like this. I can’t, Rhodey. What am I even living for? All I've been doing my whole life is just taking whatever people give me, whether that be bad or worse. I do nothing but go on my days trying to prove people wrong, but even that I no longer have the energy for. I just let it happen. Because I'm tired. Because this is no way to fucking live. And no one wants to hear the rich kid’s sob story.”
“W-What is?” Steve asked as he looked up to Tony’s eyes.
“Steve, you can stop watching these. You’re torturing yourself,” Thor said.
"Steve! I just punched the Black Widow!" Tony beamed, to which Steve laughed and shook his head. Natasha got up and stuck her tongue out at the genius, who scrunched his face and stuck his tongue back at her, only for her to kick him down again.
He expected JARVIS to respond, but Tony’s soft voice came through the ceiling. “You’re welcome, Steve.”
Steve’s heart broke and he immediately removed his hand as if touching Tony burnt his skin, and the engineer retreated to practically bashing his head against the wall behind him. Steve had to stop this, and his heart sank in terror when Tony screamed, “OBI STOP! I DON’T WANT THIS I DON’T WANT THIS STOP MESSING WITH MY MIND OBI! GET OUT OF IT GET OUT OF IT GET OUT OF IT!”
“Oh, please. If you tell me some stupid shit like ‘what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger’ I will detach Dum-E’s arm just to hurl it at you.”
“I do.”
The heartbeat Steve felt under his palm was as faint as the glowing blue, but it was enough to carry the unconscious man in his arms and shout for succor louder than the Howling Commandos ever did.
left unsaid as he smiled fondly.
It takes him eight more months to ask Steve out on an official date, and he has never felt happier as when he threw his money at a fancy restaurant to reserve the entire place to themselves and watch Steve blush profusely at his flirtatious remarks as he chewed on steak. After that, Tony had taken him on a cruise around Brooklyn, and watched the blonde roll down his window to listen to a street artist play the saxophone. Steve had his arms propped against the windshield’s edge, his chin resting atop them as he felt the breeze of the night caress his face and the melody ease his soul. The blonde turned his head to face the brunet and caught sight of the drooping eyes, the dopey smile, and the rosy blush all over the man’s face.
Tony thought.
in his head. It’s been years of keeping it together and of mastering the arts of doing so.
“Shut up, Rapunzel,” Clint yelled before he threw yet another water balloon.
He talked and talked, and often engaged in various therapeutic exercises. Some worked in his favor, like the breathing and drawing exercises—which always ended up with him sketching robots alongside Steve and often making paper airplanes to fly towards Natasha with the message
“It’s fine, I'll go to the kitchen now any—”
His unseeing eyes glaze over, but he gulps down his cries and answers, “Because I’m not made of iron.”
Tony shut his eyes as he attempted to focus on Clint’s voice. He felt his chest constrict as his mind fought for the chase after the light in the lyrics of the song.
“Cheating? If anything, both of you are playing together against me and I’m all alone with nothing but a genius brain. I’m at a complete disadvantage here.”
Clint cut himself short when Colonel James Rhodes walked in with a box of doughnuts in hand. “Hey guys,” he greeted them, but his raised brow showed his confusion. “So he’s locked himself in, huh?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"l'Italia è bellissima. Non sono." translates to "Italy is beautiful. I'm not."
She kept looking into his eyes with a soft smile on her red-less lips. She chuckled, and Tony thought perhaps her mind has bent reality yet again, but then she spoke, “You, Anthony Edward Stark, are extraordinary. I always saw it in you. No one put that out. No one dared to scratch that. Because somewhere along the line, I put a piece of myself in you. And Jarvis did so too, before the cancer ate him away...” her eyes blinked back tears, but she carried on. “We raised you. Jarvis and I. Strong, big hearted, witty, and absolutely beautiful. We put the best parts of ourselves in you. We really did. Because we love you.” She held his hands in a tight grip, and Tony let his tears flow freely.
"So I've been told. Gosh. It must suck-"
"Mr.Stark?" He asked.
"Sorry 'bout that," Tony mumbled as he looked up at Steve.
"Who the hell is Karen?" Tony asked while sitting up and rubbing his chin. He blinked a few times to wake himself up and saw the view from Stark Towers. He moved his hand from his chin and scratched his chest. He stopped himself immediately and saw that the Arc Reactor was still in his chest and working normally.
Tony quickly wiped his eyes and nodded his head at Peter. He smiled back at him and started to stand up.
"What's your poison?" Tony asked while walking towards a pantry. He opened it and revealed a mixture of different types of cereal and chips to fill any heart's desires. Peter closed the refrigerator and walked to where Tony was and quickly scanned it. He pointed at the Lucky Charms and smiled.
Twist on who got snapped and who didn't.
"Sir you have 'ought to change your diet," Jarvis said annoyingly.
He forgot who made it for him as he tried to depict images from the clouds. He forgot many small things as he watched the clouds, but the images and moments that happened years ago stuck onto him and would not shake off. How proud he was of himself before he was taught how to be humble and selfless for others. How he did not have to sacrifice himself for his city but did it anyway.
"It does take some getting used to after that fight, Mr.Stark. Loss of appetite and physiologic trauma is very common. So is an increase or decrease in sleep and blood pressure and memory loss." Jarvis added nervously.
"Did you eat yet? I could go for some-"
"Jesus Christ you're awake early. How are you feeling?" She asked calmly. Tony saw something move behind Pepper and pointed at it but moved his hands away because he hated pointing at random things.
Mantis was watching Tony from afar and decided to do something to help him calm down once he stomped his foot. She carefully approached him from the side and crouched down to make sure he was breathing. He moved his hands away from his face and covered his mouth and nose while staring at the ground after a solid minute of staying stationary.
"Were you pulling your punches or not?" Tony repeated sadly.
Peter finished his bowl of cereal and put away the plate and spoon near the edge of the table to tell anyone that it was dirty and needed to be washed. He moved the box of cereal towards the pantry but paused halfway to grab a few marshmallows and quickly scarfed them down. He tried to shove the cereal box back where it was but he was too short. He looked back at Tony for help but saw him deep in his thoughts. He shrugged his shoulders and began to climb the pantry with one hand and the other carrying the box. He stopped where he could see the space where the box once was and attempted to put it back, but he lost his balance and fell on his back. The box of cereal was barely sitting where it once was when Peter shoved it away from him once he knew he lost his grip. Tony snapped out of thought and immediately went on his knees to check upon him. He pulled him up and put his hands on his cheeks to make sure that his face wasn't hurt. He then felt his body for any broken limbs and held up two fingers. Peter was on the brink of crying, but Tony wanted to make sure there wasn't any brain damage.
"Honey, what happened yesterday?" He asked while putting his shaky hands on her shoulders.
"Since yesterday. You know, with that attack with Loki. Should I brew you a cup of coffee for you?" Jarvis asked with full interest.
Mantis held out her hand towards Tony and smiled comfortingly at him. It took him a few seconds to realize what she was doing and he slowly grabbed her hand with his "clean" hand. He didn't bother looking at her and kept his eyes on the place where Peter was. The ash on his hand was beginning to bother him because it reminded him of how many times he didn't act on Peter's voicemails and his Happy would never respond to any of his texts.
"Did you hit your head that hard?" She asked dumbfounded. The figure behind her peaked a quick look at Tony before hiding behind Pepper again. All Tony could see was a small hand and took a step back in reaction.
No reply.
"Who's coming?" He decided to play in the act since it was so believable.
"Well," Rhodey said while glancing away from his book, "did he yell at you?"
"Then he's getting better. Don't worry about Tony. He's been uptight about everything after the fight. There's nothing much you can do except hope." He said while looking back at his book.
"Are you sure? You're acting a bit... off." Steve said while shrugging his shoulders as if he was uncertain about his own suggestion.
"Do a full scan on him," Tony said. "Kid, can you breathe alright?"
Steve missed the contact he had with Tony and wished that he could hold onto the moment forever. He knew moments like these would only last for a minute and wanted to enjoy all of it. He wanted to apologize for all the arguments and fights they've had, but all those years of conflict were stuck on his lips and forever silent.
"I'm fine." He mumbled while turning away from Steve and walked towards the patio door. Something in his gut told him to go back for the mug. He did exactly what his instincts told him to do and turned back around for the cup. He looked where he last left it and saw Steve was looking down at the contents and then looked back up at Tony.
"Got any cereal?"
"Tony, there was no other way." He said as calm as he could manage before he turned to dust and beams one with the air. Nebula gave one look at Peter and Stark before realizing that she too was dissolving in thin air. Peter saw her turn into ash and felt tears build up in his eyes.  Stark could feel his chest and heart-pounding for not being able to ask what he meant by that. The memory hit him like a rock to the head; he remembered when Strange saw every possible outcome to see if they would win and it was one out of fourteen million. This could be their only shot at winning, but everything and everyone is crumbling away and so is their will to fight. All the disappearings could mean that Thanos snapped his fingers after taking the mind stone. There was no turning back now and half of the universe is gone because they couldn't keep Thanos away from the time and mind stone long enough.
"You should have aimed for the neck." Tony snapped.
The sound of his own mind drowned out nearly all sounds around Tony. He didn't realize how loose his grip was on the mug or how he was not in perfect balance with the ground and himself. He, however, felt his knees start to grow weak when his mind drifted to the wormhole and physically felt sick to his stomach. He placed down the cup and moved away from the railing in case if anything were to happen. He must have stayed deep in his thoughts for a while because when he looked up to wonder why it was so dark all of a sudden he had already missed the sunset and the first few stars were showing themselves to the dark sky. The air was growing heavier and was beginning to make his chest feel as if an elephant was sitting on it as he looked around once again to check if anyone was watching. He didn't flinch when he saw Steve leaning up against the railing and was looking off in the distance. He looked perfectly relaxed and didn't have a single care in the world. It looked like that until Tony saw how his eyes hardened and how he seemed to be holding onto the railing with a grip. He must have been thinking about something difficult as well. Tony didn't want to say hello to him or even acknowledge that he was there, but Steve turned his head and gave him a polite smile.
"Correct."
"I didn't want to kill you. I didn't mean anything I did. I lied to try to protect you, but look where that lead us. Tony, I'm so sorry for what happened in Siberia. I'm sorry for ever disrespecting you and thinking you were lower than me. I shouldn't have hit you with the shield. I shouldn't have fought back. Tony please. I'm sorry."
"I used to sneak them in my room when  Dad wasn't looking and just stay up all night eating the entire box." Tony laughed softly.
"Tony?" Steve called as he followed him up until he knew he was heading towards the restroom. Steve immediately backed away from Tony and gave him the space he needed before hearing the lock on the bathroom door and a pained groan and someone sliding down against the door. Steve looked around the room to look for a place to sit while he waited for Tony to come back out. He figured that the closest place would be the living room and he made his way towards there. As he walked he wondered what made Tony so upset. Was it because of his smile? Or his face? Did he have something stuck in his teeth? Steve rubbed his chin with the back of his hand and felt that he was beginning to grow stubble. He made his way in the living room and sat down on the large, black faux couch. He saw Rhodey lying with his feet dangling from the side of the couch as he was immersed in a novel. He didn't bother looking up at Steve as he read his book.
"I'm sorry, dad." He looked back at the sky with wide eyes one final time before disappearing forever.
Pepper smiled warmly and moved out of the way to reveal a small child with brown hair and deep brown eyes staring back at him. His wavy hair looked identical to someone he loved and cared about. He inhaled deeply and covered his mouth with his hand as he continued to stare at the child.
"You don't remember what you did? You saved the earth by sending that missile to space and destroying everything. Even Loki agreed to destroy the tesseract and did it in front of everyone. You're even hosting a celebration party today. Don't you remember?"
"He's gonna pay for that. He's going to only wish he could die once he's done with me." Tony angrily said as he looked at the orange sky. His heart beating rhythmically and a new surge of energy flowing through his veins. Now wasn't the time to mourn any longer. It's now the time to act and make all of his friends proud.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry. It's all my fault I wasn't looking and if I was I could've caught you. Pete why?" Tony asked.
The lump in his throat felt to be the size of a softball but he forced out a singular word. "Stay." He finally croaked out.
Contains Infinity War spoilers and a bit of a twist on who got snapped.
The Friday evening traffic was busier than usual and made the late workers move like molasses. Tony had been sitting comfortably on his porch as he stared down at the standstill traffic. He was thankful that he had nowhere to go tonight and even if he had to go somewhere, he had better ways of travel. He had been watching the fiery orange dance with the dark clouds for the past half hour and wished that he could enjoy this moment forever. The moment would repeat itself everyday but he wished it could last longer than a few minutes. He forgot about the hot cup of tea that stood on the railing he was across from and it was now as cold as the early June air.
"I'm fine," Tony repeated with more assertion in his voice as he backed away from Steve again. This time he could feel his chest begin to physically hurt as he started to lose feeling in his knees. He hated himself for forcing himself to lean up against the railing and had to look away from Steve to play it off that he meant to lean up against the railing. He exhaled deeply and closed his eyes slowly to get a grip on how to breathe. He never allowed himself to do it in front of people, but this time he had to control his breathing or something worse could happen. He opened his eyes and slowly nodded at himself as he took a deep breath in through his nose.
"Yes." Steve admitted.
"Tony," she started, "I'm sorry." She said while quickly putting her hand over his temples as her antennas started to glow again. He immediately closed his eyes without realizing what was happening and collapsed onto his side. Mantis kept her hand on his temple to feel what he was experiencing and to know when to wake him up.
“JARVIS alerted me.”
“How long?”
“You shouldn’t be left alone like this,” Natasha whispered, which forced a laugh out of his chest.
“As you should, Tin Man,” he ruffled Tony’s hair playfully and heard a giggle. “I missed you too. And I got you doughnuts.”
Steve has been a soldier in the war. He saw pain and shook hands with it, but this was something he simply couldn’t comprehend. This was pain and sorrow that’s been lived with since a young age until it became the norm to the man. Tony even had it in him to be snarky, to smile, to laugh.
“Steve looks like a beaten puppy. He told me he needs to talk to you,” he said as he toyed around with a screwdriver.
Tony’s mind and vision blurred, but not before he painted over the white, bleak walls.
But they don’t think they had ever smiled as wide as when the effects of the medicine started kicking in, and they saw the arc reactor glow brighter than ever before.
“Don’t, Nat. He’s cheating. I feel it deep in my bones that he is.”
“I’ll talk to you later, Pepper. And I'm sorry.”
And here it comes: the admittance of just how much power Steve has grown to have over him. He whispered, “Because I’m petrified of losing him.”
Steve sighed heavily as he ran out of photos to look through and got up to see what Clint and Natasha were rummaging through. He decided he would ask Tony upon his return if he could keep a few pictures. However, judging from the box Natasha discovered, he still had a box of tapes to watch. “Is there a tape player in this place?”
Steve blinked in shock. He couldn’t comprehend this anymore. In the span of one year, Tony has been kidnapped, his body altered and modified after a near-death experience, fought his way out only to return to the man who has abused his body and trust, watched the man who he had mistakenly trusted die, came out to the world as Iron Man, and nearly lost his life to aliens when he carried a nuke into a wormhole.
“I’d say sugar daddy sounds more fitting.” The Avengers exchanged looks of amusement. Tony Stark surely does know how to handle the media. It’s his superpower.
“No. He never told me anything. But I remember when I was spying on him as his assistant, he got so drunk one night and started mumbling about how his father never loved him. Never knew the extent of that statement, however,” Natasha spoke.
He never broke eye contact with her when he spoke. “I’m giving up.”
the next chapter might come a bit late. i have everything planned out, but im struggling to make the ideas flow well. feedback is appreciated and very much needed. please let me know of things you would like to see, and maybe they'll flow well enough with what im trying to accomplish!
“No. Now. Fix it. Or I'll tell someone to.”
“My tie, take it off.”
A thunder bolt of lightning had him gasp and jump in place. Thankfully, no one noticed. Apparently, Thor was showing off his rightful title as God of Thunder, and the Avengers laughed when Clint distracted the God and ruined his lightning pattern, to which a bolt of lightning electrocuted the archer slightly and Thor laughed in delight.
Therapy exhausts Tony beyond what he thought was possible. It felt like a deep cleanse to his soul, which he realized should feel good, but that was the most exhausting part of it all to him. He did enjoy talking to his therapist and he did actually listen to her eloquent British accent ease his anxiety and rain her wisdom and advice on him. He found it easy to open up to her and respond, and he didn’t know if it was because he was genuinely invested in getting better, or if it was her consistent wear of red lipstick that went well with her short, brown hair and eyes.
“Kinda does. My heart feels light...? I can’t tell exactly. Anyway, it works and I’m not getting poisoned, so I guess it’s cool,” Tony shrugged.
“Oh. Oh god.”
“Of course. Because my universe has just got to revolve around that motherfucker,” the Agent says furiously. The Avengers and Rhodey sit in an uncomfortable silence, until they hear Tony’s loud voice from the hallways demand coffee. Rhodey does not miss the smile that snakes its way on the Captain’s lips.
he heard his name called out enthusiastically from the TV. Clint cursed under his breath as he realized that out of all channels, he stopped on a celebrity gossip centered one.
Tony tried to ease his mind and let out a shaky sigh. He stepped in closer to the Captain and reached his hands over to the clothed chest and broad shoulders. He ran his hands all over Steve’s torso all while maintaining eye contact. Occasionally, Tony’s eyes flickered, and his hands faltered, but a fierce look of determination would cross his face, and he’d keep going. Steve noticed how Tony had to crane his neck and tiptoe to touch his shoulders and suggested that he sits, but Tony refused.
“You always got work to do. Have a break just for tonight,” Steve said.
“Rich people always wanna act like what they have is mediocre,” Clint started. “Quit being a brat, Stark.”
“Hey, Pep!” Rhodey exclaimed cheerily.
“Tony,” Steve started sternly, yet softly. “Do you think you owe me the reciprocation of my feelings to you?”
“Well, let’s just watch the rest. Maybe this was a one-time thing and Tony’s childhood isn’t so bleak from there,” Clint said as he grabbed a labeled tape to put into the tape-player, and immediately realized how ironic his statement was.
“Sei al sicuro,” he heard the soft, eloquent voice say. “Sei lontano da quel posto. Sei qui, in America. Nella torre. Stai bene.”
And this is why he had come to hate his solitude. He always asked for it, he couldn't deny that, in fear of being a burden. But he hoped for someone to see right through his perfidious confidence and stay around, to lift the burden off his shoulders for some time until he gains enough strength to carry it again.
He resisted the urge to slap himself right across the face as hard as he could. Instead, he got up to wash away the cum on his hands and the tears on his cheeks, but couldn’t quite wash away the guilt and misery smothering his heart.
“Thor and Bruce are on the roof trying to prank Clint. Wanna check it out?”
So Steve holds those shaking hands in his and lands a gentle kiss on the palm of the brunet's right hand where a long, white scar is. “I won’t leave,” he whispers the promise as he stares into eyes the color of sweet chocolate clad in heavy tears. “You’ll always find me. Always.”
“Tell me everything about what? And why now did you decide to fire those missiles? Why Gulmira?”
Steve held on to the small body in his arms tighter as he listened to slurred, yet pained words that he couldn’t quite comprehend. His own eyes were stinging as the wails reached their peak, but Steve understood. This was years and years of emotions bubbling above the surface as they poured over like lava. This was a wild animal finally let out of its cage. This was a broken child finally let out of a broken, luxurious home, only to seek refuge in it when life gets shaky and unsafe. It’s almost as if Tony was doomed to never find a home—to never be safe. He was constantly moving from one unsafe place to another, and constantly hiding from one threat after the other. But they all seemed to chase after his tail until they bit it, and the worst part, he let it. He let himself come back to the mansion. He let Steve talk about Howard. He let Clint criticize him for calling his father by his first name and never “dad." He let Natasha not recommend him. He let Thor constantly underestimate him. He let Bruce constantly point out everything wrong with him.
“We won’t,” Bruce answered quickly.
Thor stared at the Midgardian before him and held onto his hand. He let the tears he had profusely wiped away roll freely down his cheeks. The words Tony have rained down on him served him greatly, and Tony smiled fondly at the god.
A steady sound he could hear in the back of his mind that annoyed him. He wondered if this is all there is to the afterlife—darkness and beeping sounds.
. He complied. Shaking the heavy blazer of his suit off and taking his tie off, he rolled the sleeves of his dress shirt and sat on a short stool behind the Captain. Steve talked of how the mission went as Tony washed away dirt and blood out of his hair and listened intently. He couldn’t help but plant kisses to the back of his head and shoulders as he went about, and Steve’s heart skipped beats.
Steve walked around the angry businesswoman to an unbothered Rhodey. “What is happening exactly? Why is Tony standing on the kitchen counter?”
The brunet stood there awkwardly for a solid minute. He felt exhausted and on edge, but he swallowed down his panic at the mention of the God of Mischief. Because although Loki was of no reason and one could smell crazy on him, he was Thor’s brother. Tony still remembers how Thor had explained how unfairly their father has treated Loki, and Tony automatically found himself sympathizing for the jet-black haired god until Natasha had reminded them that he killed eighty people in two days.
No wonder why Obadiah would shove drink after drink right in front of a twenty-one-year-old Tony to sign various documents. And as he grew older, the cups got fuller, the alcohol tasted stronger, the world became hazier, the signatures grew sloppier, more rubies scattered around as they melted and stained his hands.
“I’m here, Steve. Alive and all,” Tony whispered. “Hey, look at me.” Steve pulled his head away ever so slightly to look up at the engineer through his wet lashes, and he bit his lips as hard as he could to prevent his loud sobs from interrupting the brunet as he spoke.
His mind taunted.
had been a suicide note.
“Nope. Hop out, Legolas.”
In a moment of despair and impulse, Steve lunged towards the engineer to wrap his arms around him. He sobbed loudly and shamelessly. He was scared—
But Steve’s touch never came. Instead, he waited until Tony’s eyes focused on him again instead of traveling wildly from one corner of the room to the other, and suggested that they open the door. “At least if you feel... confined, you can always see that the door is wide open and you can make the choice to get out of here. I will not hurt you, and I will not do whatever you don’t want me to do, but I do want you to feel as safe as possible, even if it comes in ways that I don’t entirely understand.”
He’s walking around the mansion like mines could be potentially under his feet, and he holds his breath as he passes by his childhood room, and he fears that if he were to walk in there that he would see red, blue, and white stars decorate the walls and not the suite of a man he fights alongside with. He shuts his eyes tightly as he passes by Howard’s study room, but all he could see is green, red, and gold, and he could hear a voice in his head mockingly sing
He didn’t know what to expect. Tony refused to tell him of where they were heading. But as they came to a stop by the woods, Steve raised his brows in surprise. “Camping?”
“Tony, please get u—”
“I was so worried over you. God, Tony, don’t do this ever again. No matter how much things get hard. Just... don’t,” she cried as she held onto his hand. He wanted to pull his dirty, dirty hand out of hers, but she kept a strong grip. “You know I'd leave everything and go straight to you whenever you need me. Just one call. One text. Anything. And I'll be there.”
“You took it out of your chest?” Steve got up and looked at Tony with horror filled in his eyes.
Tony stomped his way to the chair and snatched the blanket furiously. It hit against a book by the bookshelf and Tony cursed under his breath as he picked it up. It was a Russian book, and he thought that perhaps he could show it to Natasha, until he read the English translation of the synopsis and decided that she wouldn't like it all that much. He was about to put it back in place, when a piece of cardboard jutted out of the empty space.
“Th-thank you,” he whispered to Steve, who from his position on the floor next to him was so close to Tony’s face. Tony could feel his warm breath on his cheek, and if Steve was able to feel Tony’s heart skip a beat from where he had his palm rested against the arc reactor, he played it off as Tony’s body adjusting yet again to the glowing blue object. Tony’s cheeks reddened as he scrambled out of Steve’s space and hurriedly wore a shirt, suddenly self-conscious.
“Gulmira’s undergoing a civil war now. Neither your men nor the other guys are winning.”
“You’re not,” Bruce says, his voice soft and breathless.
“Hey, Tony. Where are you?”
“Oh my god, I’m sorry! It’s just... really? That’s all you wanted to ask?” Steve said quickly.
“What’s keeping you up?” Tony asked nonchalantly as he started the coffee machine. Bruce shuddered.
thank you so much for reading! :')
Tony didn’t want to talk about it. If anything, he wanted to walk Steve to his room and sleep on his warm chest, hearing the echoes of his heartbeats against his ears, and feel the weight of the world lift off his shoulders as calloused fingers run through his untamed hair. For now, he just grumbled at any mere inconvenience.
“No, we don’t wanna throw no party. We just wanna celebrate with you, but it’s okay. Maybe next year,” Clint said with a smile.
“Wherever you take me, I'll go,” Steve said as he smiled and watched Tony shyly turn his face the other way. “I love when you blush.”
“Yes.”
“Hey, hey. It’s okay,” Tony cooed as he brushed his thumb over Bruce’s hand. “You alright?”
Steve’s eyes were narrowed in something foreign—something he didn’t want to associate to the older Stark as he watched the events unfold.
“You’re no fun.”
he thought.
Tony sat up, and Steve suppressed a whine and the need to tell the man to
Tony pulled away as he breathed heavily. His eyes were dazed with the toll the act of intimacy must have taken on him. Steve was perfectly understanding of that, and he greeted the dopey smile on the brunet’s face with a warm one. “This was so good. You’re so good. God, you’re the absolute best,” Steve said breathlessly. Tony giggled as his eyes drooped and his head rested atop the soldier’s chest.
“Do you think you don’t deserve to hear it?”
“I don’t wanna start something and then... just... leave you hanging, y’know?” Tony muttered anxiously.
Natasha cursed at herself.
They sat under the tree, where Steve’s eyes caught on various carvings on its trunk. He traced his hand along an angry carving of
“He always looked at us like we were below him. He was so fucking intimidating and—”
Too late. He was shaking violently as he hugged his knees to his chest. He was rocking back and forth, with his head hitting the hard, white wall behind him. He hated these walls. They saw and heard too much, and he had the urgent desire to paint over them. The scream in his mind was in the forefront, begging him to hit his head harder against the wall. And he thought maybe this way, the flashbacks would be put on pause like some video on the internet, like the many celebrity gossip shows his name has been dragged to filth by, like the ticking bomb in a missile, like his heart, his mind, his memories and thoughts. But they didn't. They never knew a pause. He wished they all did.
“You don’t have to blame yourself. Odin’s ways with your brother are not your fault,” Tony whispered.
He grabbed a large glass shard to rip the satin off the antique furniture. A surge of energy shot through his body with every piece of this place that he ruined. A part of him liked to believe that he was avenging his childhood and youth, that he was ruining this place just as much as it has ruined him.
He reached the lab and ran in search for that sweet glowing blue through the darkness, and found it weakly emit not from Tony's chest, but in his hand.
“That’s not how you like your coffee,” Tony pointed out as he took a seat on the stool opposing the soldier. “Something’s on your mind.”
They all got out of the car with Tony lingering longer in there as he slowly switched the vehicle off. Every hair and pore in his body was demanding him to run and not look back, but he knew he had no choice.
“Tony. You don’t have to do this,” Steve tells him. Tony doesn’t respond.
“Don’t be silly,” Tony whispered. His heart broke as Steve’s fingers started tracing around the diameter of the arc reactor with mutters of “H-He’s a-alive" accompanied by pained sobs. The panic coursing through Steve’s mind wouldn’t calm down. Tony has never thought he would ever feel guilty over his suicide attempts, but now, that’s all his heart aches over.
Tony didn’t react much. He just blinked owlishly at the man as he spoke, and Fury sighed when he saw just how numb the genius looked.
“WHAT THE FUCK!”
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Tony said after a moment of silence. Fury nodded once with a tight grimace. “What was his name?”
“You guys are a pain in the ass,” Tony said as he made a move, and Steve nods in agreement and makes his own move, to which Bruce hums in amusement. “Good move, Steve.”
The team noticed his silence, and he quickly and smoothly joined into their conversations. They talked to him and about him with so much respect. They weren’t stood on one side of the table arguing and spitting venom in his face like they always did. They talked to him like he was human, and although Tony was smiling and laughing along with them, he wanted to scream.
“I’m gonna miss you too, Tony,” JARVIS said. “It was an honor to serve you.”
The Avengers watched as a burnt metal chip popped out of the arc reactor, and their eyes widened in alarm. “That thing’s the reason why your blood’s poisoned?” Bruce asked as he inspected the burnt chip.
Clint started singing.
“Bet. Watching that show alone with Bruce is no fun.”
“Consider it done, Sir,” JARVIS said, albeit begrudgingly.
Tony was thrown off for a few seconds. “What the fuck are you talking ab—”
“Does anyone want breakfast? I’m hungry. I want pancakes,” Clint said to change the subject, which worked. Tony was too tired and too mentally exhausted to think of why his head was bleeding, but as he tagged along behind the Avengers to the kitchen, he looked back at the not-so-white-anymore wall and smiled.
"I feel dead inside," he spoke with carelessness that came out of his numb state of mind. "You guys don't care. You never did. You never will. I don't blame you. All my life, I grew up among machineries and computers. I'm no different than them. Even the Captain had said it."
Steve let out a cry of joy. This was all he had ever wanted. “I’m so—”
Steve’s feet would’ve jumped in excitement if they hadn’t felt so light. He felt like one of those girls in those chick flick movies Clint loved so much where the girl finally gets to go out with her crush. He couldn’t contain his smile as he went to shower and sing. He threw away various items of clothing carelessly until he found the black bomber jacket Tony was referring to and kept sighing in frustration when his hair didn’t look as perfectly as he wanted it to.
“No can do, Tasha. I’ve got an important meeting tomorrow.”
“Strawberry flavored frosting and sprinkles?” Tony looked up innocently at his best friend as if he was stood high on a pedestal.
Tony slept peacefully for a few hours through the night, and the Avengers plus Rhodey watched over him. They hadn't known they would enjoy the sight of watching someone's chest steadily rise and fall as they breathed, or the sight of the glowing blue arc reactor shine bright and light up the dim room. Not to mention the sight of Tony's face on its own was enough to knock the air out of their chests. He looked so young and stress free. A few strands of hair fell on his face as he stirred, and Natasha delicately brushed them away. She felt her heart warm and break all the same when Tony leaned into the touch.
Steve stared stupidly at Tony’s door. Then, he sighed and shook his head, his fingers coiling and uncoiling nervously, his eyes glued to the door in front of him. God, he was pathetic. It had only been a few days since he’d seen Tony last. And yet, here he was. Pacing in front of Tony’s bedroom door like a hopeless teenager with some wretched crush.
. “Don’t you just feel weird? Definitely weird.”
“Are you sure your Steve is even with them right now?” Steve asked. “What if he never got in contact with my team?”
* * *
“I think this country deserves more security, Phillip. It’s time even the superheroes are held accountable.”
“This is crazy,” Tony snapped. “All of it. Why would you want to leave now?”
The more ground they covered, the darker it became and if it weren’t for Tony’s repulsor, it would be pitch black by now.
Tony smiled, petting Happy’s shoulder. He took Ian into his arms, gently swaying him from side to side. “Thanks for staying with him.”
Steve sped up and pulled up alongside some SUV they were now passing. There were two people in it, as far as Steve could see in the darkness.
“Oh, of—of course,” she said. “Two burgers. Be right back.”
Tony was still busy trying to figure out if that had been a ‘No sharing a bed with him until he’s legal, dude’-look from Barnes or a ‘Goddammit, don’t chicken out now’-look, when Tony heard Steve sigh and turn around, facing him.
—he’d break down right on the spot, and he had to—he needed to see Steve first. And it couldn’t wait any longer.
“Diamond ring!” someone shouted in the distance.
“Good,” Tony murmured against his lips. “Have to get used to it. It’s only diapers and sleepless nights from here on out. Very unsexy.”
“No.” His mouth brushed against Tony’s, two fingers sliding over his hipbone. “I don’t do things like that if I don’t mean it.”
That was impossible.
are the one trying the most to set him free. It’s gonna be the best gift you ever made to HYDRA, it’ll make you our leading supporter.”
People were clapping and laughing at his form, while he was still half-sobbing from the terror of it all. He tried to focus on the shapes of their bodies, bent over like trees in the wind, but his eyes keep getting pulled away to the rest of the room. Squirming against the back of the chair, he stared up at his morbid surrounding.
And now, here they were: getting simultaneously shot at by Klaue’s goons, Tony’s rogue robots and Ultron himself. And occasionally, Steve was thrown to the floor by Pietro Maximoff doing the rounds on the various levels of the old ship. Things really were going just
Steve huffed, and Tony shrugged. “Just saying.” He cleared his throat. “You could do both, that’s… you know, making the prep a bit easier.”
The queasy look had Steve smile. “No. Come on, get up.”
Barnes gave him a little unimpressed huff at that, which might’ve been a laugh in another situation, and then sat quietly as Tony cleaned his cut.
Steve had half a mind to tease him some more just out of spite, but he knew enough was enough, and Tony was already taking matters into his own hands, which Steve was okay with. He was
Suddenly, he went over to a large machine tucked in the far corner of the room. Steve hadn’t even noticed it until now. There were large twists of cables curled round it like ivy clinging to concrete walls. At its top was a rounded cap of metal. The whole thing seemed to be attached to the big computers filling up the room.
Because he honestly had no idea how inhaling anything could possibly relate to the state of his pants and what was in them. It was also a little rude to ask, Steve thought, but decided not to give Tony the satisfaction by complaining about it. All he wanted was to get this stuff off, get the debrief about this inexplicable mission out of the way and then have some time for himself to reflect on this bizarre mission on his own. He was more than a little wary of spending any length of time with the others, especially Tony, who would probably never let him live down the bridal carry after this.
Hours passed like that, with Tony staring down at Steve's still form. The others took turns to keep him company, bringing him food and coffee, even though he had barely nibbled on a sandwich by the time the sun went down outside.
“I had a good teacher.”
Of course Tony wouldn’t be beyond begging. Holding back on what he wanted didn’t seem to be part of his nature, and Steve loved him for it.
“I know,” Bucky replied. “I’m glad I could come. Say my goodbyes.”
Well, it looked like they weren't going to get much done now, and Steve was not in the mood to stick around and listen to everyone gossiping about something that might not even be much more than a series of admittedly fantastic sexual encounters.
flirting with Steve, exactly? By all means, it should be the last thing he'd want to do. And yet, at one point Tony needed to admit it to himself: Most of that rage inside him, the hurt, the feeling of betrayal… had been gone before he’d even arrived in this time.
Steve’s shield flew all across the clearing, slicing a thin birch tree in half and making it fall right down on one of the three HYDRA tanks. A few agents jumped out of the vehicle in time, and instantly got hit by Clint’s paralyzing arrows.
“What happened?” Bruce asked. “The news—”
Tony tightened his arms around his stomach and looked down at the floor. “Can’t take advantage of someone who's not there,” Tony murmured, stubbornly bumping his feet against DUM-E’s support beam.
He leaned back, looking at Steve squarely when he glanced up. “You know I’m just teasing you, right?” he asked, even more quiet, although he wasn’t deluding himself. If Romanov wanted to know what he was saying, she would.
were completely unlike anything I’d ever seen or touched. And… well, you were a bit of a jerk.”
“I think I just broke your friend.”
Past lives… it was crazy, unbelievable, and yet this was his—was
“Too personal?” his Tony asked, while Steve leaned closer to the holograph, looking down into Tony’s beautiful, yet very young features.
Steve stopped, sighed. “Probably not.”
“You really have never done this. Never had someone take it in the mouth.” To Steve’s amazement, his face fell with something that looked a lot like shame. “Right, Captain?”
“Don’t think he always did,” Steve said. “Had a change of heart.”
island?” Clint asked with a hitch in his voice. "The one where you guys spent your honeymoon?"
“Come on,” Steve whined, propping himself up on his hands. And then he was looking at Tony over his broad shoulder, and Tony had to keep himself from laughing at the disgruntled look on Steve’s face. “I’m so close.”
Vision’s pursed his lips. “You’re making fun of me.”
“Sooo…” Tony said, hoisting himself onto the counter next to where Steve was sitting. Despite how very much things had not gone the way he’d planned for them to go, he couldn’t stop grinning. His mouth quirked upwards every time DUM-E made a pensive whirring noise, delicately dabbing an ice-pack against Steve’s red knuckles with his huge claw.
“Don’t stay up too late, and eat something, for heaven’s sake.”
A frown took hold of Steve’s face. “Buck—”
It was a mistake, kicking Tony out like this. But by the time Steve’s hungover brain realized that, Tony was all but jogging out of his room. Steve opened his mouth just as Tony disappeared behind the doorframe and he scrambled to follow him out of the bedroom.
“Not today,” Tony said, his posture stiff. “Let’s just—”
“This is stupid... stupid, stupid, stupid,” Tony sing-songed as he raised the bell jar into the air. The bulb smelled… well, it smelled like a plant that was about to go rotten, there wasn’t anything unusual about it.
Vision stopped in his movements, then cast Steve a nervous little smile, nodding his thanks as he reached for the Merlot, instead. “I was… going to offer it to the both of them,” he added, as if on a second thought.
Steve’s expression turned bemused. Clint was talking about his new girlfriend a lot these days. The relationship hadn’t seemed too serious, at first, but seeing as Clint only spent a few weekends here and there at the Tower nowadays, it was very clear the two were going steady.
“There isn’t a real trail for miles!”
That brought a fierce blush to Steve’s cheeks. “You’re impertinent.”
He woke up a couple of hours later to find himself on his back with something pressed up against his side. Steve opened his eyes, feeling the cold air chilling his every move. Tony was lying beside him, his back against Steve’s arm, curled into himself, a hand resting protectively over his own chest. He looked younger like this, Steve thought belatedly, the sharpness and wariness completely gone from his face.
“He’s losing a lot of blood, but Extremis should be able to fix this. We just need him to stay conscious.”
The island in the middle of Tony’s workshop was home to many things: A fruit bowl that Steve had put there and that, after hours of working on Loki’s scepter, was one third fruits and two thirds candy, a half-finished schematic from Bruce, some rudimentary plans for a new branch of the SI human resources department from Tony, and some tools he and Bruce had used in the past day.
Stark began to worry about everyone back on earth. He wondered if his friends made the out alive; Banner, Thor, Rodgers, and Romanova. Although he wasn't quite on speaking terms with Rodgers he was still hoping that he made it out alive. Back at home, he was imagining Pepper watching the scenes on the news and seeing everyone turn into ash. God, she must be so worried for him and calling him. He wasn't sure if he turned off his phone or not, but his thought was interrupted by a soft voice speaking out.
"I'll try my best," Steve said while standing up and made sure that Rhodey wouldn't follow him.
"No thanks, kid. I don't really like eating fermented milk. I'm more of a doughnut kind of guy. Hell, blueberries could work too in a pinch." He gave it one last look before closing it. "I'm not even hungry anymore."
