"Exactly." The entire ride was a blur of agonized pleasure as Tony continuously played with the speed and strength of the vibrator, enjoying the ability to tease Steve mercilessly with no warning, only stopping once they reached their destination. He was led out of the car in an underground garage and into an elevator that Tony had to scan a small black card to gain access to. When the doors opened, they stepped into a dimly lit but elegant club. Pounding music could be heard coming from down a hallway, which was the direction Tony began to walk. They entered a large room filled with people, all dressed in similar fashion to themselves. That's when Steve realized what kind of club he had been brought to.
2012 – Post Avengers
The reaction was instantaneous, pink climbing over his cheeks, his eyes blowing wide until only a thin ring of blue remained. This was the right call. Steve wanted this. Desperately by the looks of it. Tony grabbed one of the water bottles, holding it down and urging Steve to drink his fill before setting it aside and filling a plate with the variety of dishes. Tony turned in the chair so he could watch Steve as he alternated feeding the both of them.
"Did I? I thought it was thirty. I guess I'll just have to trust you." He grinned. "I mean, I would never miscount, but... If you're sure... Well. Best get started. Jarvis, put up a timer, set it for twenty minutes."
“Good. Let’s get you up and fed, and then we can go down to my workshop so you can earn your reward, alright?”
Tony dragged him into his lap by his hair, claiming his mouth fiercely. His hands slid down to Steve's ass, cupping the globes and squeezing as he drew back to breathe. "You are amazing. I really am so fucking lucky."
“You would and you could, Cap. For lack of anything better, you can stay here until I can get Strange to fix this clusterfuck. But you stay on your floor and out of my space. I don’t want to see you. I don’t want to hear you. I don’t even want to know that you’re here. Understand?”
"N-Not to...?"
Steve accepted the coffee, taking a sip and humming in pleasure. He usually thought adding anything to it was an extravagance he shouldn’t waste time on, but Tony doing it for him made it feel special. Like it was another way for the other man to take care of him. “Thank you, Tony.”
"Good. Now, I think I'm hungry. Why don't we head to the kitchen, and I'll make us a snack."
"Good. I'm going to play with you now. And you are going to beg and cry for me. It's not going to do you any good, but you're going to do it anyway. And after I'm finally done playing with you, I'm going to empty those pretty balls of yours, so you can stay locked up for me. Because no matter what, I will always take care of you. Do you understand?"
"Of course, Captain."
“Sweet boy. I’m taking care of you. Alphas get to come. Sweet submissive omegas release. But you never learned how before the serum, so now your body’s confused. If I let you come like an alpha, it would feel really good. So good.” He ground deeper into Steve’s body with a moan. “But it would be worse for you in the long run. I have to take care of my boy. Do right by you. Even if you don’t like it. Even if it’s not what you want.”
“Me? Not usually. Left to my own devices I spend too much time in the lab and live mostly on coffee. Gotten better about that recently, just because I get hungry now.”
“Of course, Tony. I’d love to. What time?”
"So what are you not telling me? Did he do something...?"
He hesitated. After all, he was team leader. It was his responsibility to make sure everyone got back safe. But in that moment, it was all he could do not to fall into the older man's arms, let him carry them to safety, take care of him.
“You like that sweetheart? Knowing I can do whatever I want to you?”
"Sounds like you might need to have a talk with Bruce."
Steve took his time, using the toilet, washing his hands and face. He managed to find a spare toothbrush in one of the drawers and brushed his teeth, the small bit of normalcy making him feel better. All too soon he couldn’t find anything else to stall with and returned to the living room on dragging feet. Tony put a hand on his shoulder, leading him back into the torture room from yesterday.
For everybody who has been waiting for it, here’s Bucky’s POV. Let me know what you think in the comments! Remember, I write more when I know someone other than me is enjoying it.
"Starting to understand, aren't you? I don't have to hurt you, not really. All I have to do is keep you just like this. For hours. I'm a patient man, Steve. Are you?"
"Yeah. That was... Definitely a surprise."
“I wouldn’t want it any other way. I… Everything I’ve been carrying? It’s too much. I need a way to make amends. To be absolved. If you can give me that? I’ll be yours. I’ll do anything and everything you want me to. I just need everything else to stop.”
And Tony knew. Was watching him carefully, waiting to see realization spread across his face, the tears fall. “Tony, Tony please!”
"Yes, Tony."
Another pause. His breathing sped up, wondering what Tony would do next, but he still kept his eyes closed, relaxed and trusting. Something cool and metallic scratched over his nipple, dull pain, a sharp point. It left burning trails over his chest and stomach that continued to throb even after it moved away. Steve shuddered, pressing up into the touch, felt it press harder, drawing lines over his arms then down over his thighs. "Oh God..."
“Then get down there, baby doll. Let’s see what you’ve got.”
The gentle stroking of his hair recommenced as though the moment of casual cruelty had never happened. “Don’t worry, pet. I take good care of my toys. After all, I want to keep playing with you for a long time. That’s what you wanted, isn’t it?” Steve nodded once more. “Good. So, you want to be punished, darling? Absolved of all your sins, both imagined and real. I can do that for you. As a matter of fact, I think it will be my pleasure.” His tone changed, becoming sharp and demanding. “On the bed, on you knees, facing the headboard. Now.”
Steve sobbed, clinging to his thighs, hips still churning helplessly from the plug pulsing in his ass. His skin felt hot and tender, swollen. A glint of silver drew his gaze up to the remote in Tony's hand, watched helplessly as he turned off the vibrations.
"Good boy."
“When you’ve been watching us, who’s place did you want to be in, mine or Steve’s?”
Steve’s gland throbbed harder than before, seeming to clench tightly. It spasmed, releasing in a rush of pleasure so intense it nearly rendered him unconscious. His entire body felt like it was seizing, shaking uncontrollably in the restraints, leaving him sobbing and helpless. His vision went blurry, prickles of black around the edges.
The worst thing Steve could imagine was to have an alpha who didn’t want him, but was forced to take him anyway. A medically coerced bonding. He shook his head frantically, trying to deny the entire situation, but Fury continued over his protests.
The hard knots from lack of stimulation were slowly rubbed out, until Steve was constantly dripping onto Tony’s hand and the sheets below. It felt so good it was almost painful, as the cramping sensation melted away, leaving him panting and begging for more.
“I know that. You can’t expect to always get what you want. And sometimes? I enjoy watching you suffer. Knowing you’re needy and aching? That I get to decide if you’ve earned it or not? I fucking love that.” Tony gripped his wrist, tugged him up and out of the bed. “Come on. You need to eat. Lunch and a movie. Maybe if you’re good, I’ll let you release again later.”
“Hey, it’s alright. You were distracted, I don’t think you heard me.”
Tony glanced over his shoulder briefly, shooting him a smile, before turning back to the delicate work he was doing. "Hey babe. Something wrong?"
"Good boy. What about this?" The touch of metal on his skin was replaced with something light fluttering over his body, a tease of sensation that was almost ticklish. A feather? This time it lingered, teasing his nipples with the barest touch until they hardened beneath it before moving down to flick over the cage. He could only feel the lightest of breeze through the metal, and then it was gone, leaving him panting.
Steve nodded, and then Tony was moving, pushing Steve back, and sliding down onto his cock. Everything was hot, wet, and tight. So intense that it tore a scream from his throat. Tony didn't give him even a second to adjust, hips rocking furiously as he stroked up and down Steve's cock. All the frustrated desire of the last several days rose up as though it had only been waiting for the opportunity, coiling and twisting inside of him, making his muscles go tight. "Tony...!"
“And that’s what you need from me?”
Steve blinked at the assortment. There were pancakes, waffles, eggs, every type of breakfast meat, pastries and fruit. As well as coffee, tea, and several different juices. He turned to look at Tony who seemed embarrassed for once. “Tony, even I don’t eat this much.”
"Good boy. Roll over. Hands above your head." It was a different sensation to be able to watch Tony move around the room. To see him disappear into the closet, knowing that he had so many things that Steve didn't even have the words for tucked away in there. Tony came back with a set of simple metal handcuffs. He took his time fastening them around his wrists, threaded through the bars of the bed. "Try to break them, Steve."
"I'm right here, Steve. It's okay. We're okay."
Steve slowly relaxed, nibbling on more bread. “No. It doesn’t.” He was quiet for several minutes. “Do you eat like this every night?”
Steve’s eyes had drifted closed during the kiss, allowing himself to float on the sensation. He felt Tony slide down his thighs, heard soft rustling sounds coming from the box. His eyes flew open with a gasp as he felt Tony grasp his soft cock, slicking a thin layer of lube over it. He arched into the touch, hoping his alpha will keep touching him. Stroke him, get him hard, make him come.
"Yes! Yes, Sir, please!"
Tony laughed, guiding him to roll over so they could lay on their sides. "Pretty fucking spectacular, is what that was."
“Yeah.” Steve smiled in spite of himself. “I do. He’s my best friend. Always has been. Always will be. But we’re very different people from the fellas who played around with ropes and spanking in Brooklyn. He can’t give me what I need anymore. But you can. You do. And I miss it. It’s been so long, Tony. Please don’t make me wait anymore.”
Natasha shook her head. "Go. We're all headed straight for the nearest shower anyway."
The blows paused again, leaving Steve sobbing into the pillow. The crop was set down on the bed, then Tony was reaching beneath him, cupping his soft cock in a warm hand. “Well this won’t do at all. I want you to enjoy our playtime, sweetheart.” He began stroking Steve’s cock, thumb brushing over the sensitive head, relentlessly working him to hardness. The pleasure soon began to eclipse the pain, driving him higher and higher. When Steve was trembling on the edge of release, Tony stopped, picking up the crop and landing devastating blows to his sore hole until he went soft again.
When they were finished eating, Tony set the tray aside and pulled Steve over to straddle his lap, tilting his chin so their eyes met. “On a normal day, I would punish you for arguing with me earlier.” He held up a finger to stop Steve from immediately protesting. “But, you are not in any condition for that kind of correction right now, so we’ll make an exception. In the future, if you insult my omega or argue with something that is necessary for your health or wellbeing, you will be punished. Do you understand, Steve?”
“Not likely. Why, had something in mind?”
"Yes, Sir. Thank you, Sir. Please..."
“T-Tony? Please. I don’t…”
Steve smirked. "Probably about the same as they would if they knew he liked to be tied up and tortured by Iron Man."
"I... Umm... I need to use the bathroom..."
"You're awfully cheerful today."
"You can. You can if I want you to. And I want to hear you say it. I want to hear you beg me to let you come. To give you permission. Then maybe, I'll consider it."
Steve shivered against him. "Oh God, that was terrible. I can't believe you came up with that." He turned, burying his face in Tony's neck.
"Good boy. You can relax now." He felt slick metal at his opening, and then pressing inside of him. A thick metal plug, stretching him open, the tip just barely brushing his prostate when he moved. "Now you'll stay all stretched and ready for me, whenever I want to have you. Say thank you, Steve."
Bucky rocked back against him, thrusting against the clever fingers that were working him so well. Tony pressed harder, and Bucky broke. He released Steve to scream out his own orgasm, come leaking from the tip of the cage in a steady flow. It was Steve’s turn to hold him immobile, wrapping his arms and legs around Bucky as Tony continued to rub the sensitive gland, quickly building him to the edge again. He fell over it with a cry, shuddering, unable to move or think, focused only on the sensations, the pleasure burning through him and wiping everything else away.
“Yes Sir.”
“Good morning, my omega. How do you feel this morning?”
"On it."
"It- It was the cold. The ice. All I could think of was the Valkyrie. When the water broke through the glass. All I could feel was the cold..."
He laughed. "Yeah, when you were a kid did you ever think that would be a legitimate concern?"
“Who the hell are you?”
"You're so sweet like this, baby. I don't know if I'll ever get enough."
Rolling onto his back, Steve realized that Tony wasn’t lying beside him. When he listened, he could hear the other man moving around in the living room. He contemplated trying to remove the cage and felt a pang of guilt. Tony was trusting him. Leaving him alone for the first time in days. Besides, his experience with the plug told him the cage wasn’t going anywhere if Tony didn’t allow it.
"I thought you were going to punish me?"
He shifted to his stomach, shimmying beneath the blankets, biting his lip to muffle the whimpers the renewed attack on his prostate produced. Tony had said if he was good, he'd make it worth his while. And he could think of one thing that always put the older man in a benevolent mood.
“Please! Please, alpha, I can’t stand it! Please!”
As if in answer to his prayers, the machine stopped, his body lifting free of the vibrator. He could feel the slick gushing down his thighs. The headphones and blindfold were pulled away, leaving him blinking helplessly into the light. When he could focus on the image of his alpha standing before him, he arched forward, mewling around the dildo, begging for what he needed. Tony unfastened the strap around the back of his head, gently sliding the gag from his mouth. As soon as he could speak, Steve was whimpering and begging to feel the man inside of him. “Please… Please, alpha. Please! Need you. Need you so much. Please!”
"Almost done sweetheart. Just have to take care of you now." Tony helped Steve find his balance before lowering the cuffs and releasing them, taking the time to rub the soreness out of his wrists. He then led him out of the dungeon and to the bedroom, guiding him to all fours on the bed and kneeling behind him.
Over and over Tony worked him up, turning him into a sobbing wreck. Every time he thought he couldn't possibly get hard again, couldn't possibly come again, Tony increased the speed of the vibrator, working him over harder than he'd ever experienced before. He writhed on the bed, moaning and pleading for Tony to have mercy on him. For Tony to keep going.
“Isn’t that supposed to be me in the morning?”
They spent a long time curled up in bed together, trading soft caresses and gentle kisses before Tony finally pulled himself away and disappeared into the bathroom. Steve heard the sound of running water from the open doorway. He contemplated following the other man in, but was still too liquid to want to move. He was so hazy he hadn’t even noticed that Tony had reappeared beside the bed until he swung Steve up into his arms and carried him to the bathtub as though he weighed nothing.
When they reached their destination, he placed Steve on an examination table, controlling the restraints with a thought. Steve’s wrists were fastened flat against the table by the sides of his head. His feet were placed into easily manipulated stirrups, his ankles secured firmly in place. Once he was certain that Steve wasn’t going anywhere, he allowed himself the time to admire. He ran his fingertips over the fresh bond bite, watching him shudder. Further down to brush over a nipple, toying with it until it hardened beneath his hands. Pleased by the reaction, he cupped one of his breasts, kneading the pliant flesh.
“Well, then I guess I should stop. If you don’t want to enjoy it.” He slid his hands from Steve’s nipples, gripping his hips and digging his fingers in, stilling the movement.
Tony smiled for the first time that morning. He’d have to spend some more time at Xavier’s after this. Maybe introduce the rest of the team. “I’m in position. When you’re ready, move.”
"Alright." Steve followed him to the bedroom. When he reached the side of the bed, he was stopped with a long slow kiss. Calloused hands ran over him, slowly peeling off his clothes. Steve eagerly returned the favor, wanting to feel the brunette's bare skin against his.
“I’m good, Tony. I’m happy. You’re the one I want to be with.”
“T-Tony…?”
The head of the plug was curved, pressing against the numb spot he’d noticed earlier, more a hint of pressure than actual sensation. Tony pressed a sticky pad against his skin, over the spot he kept rubbing into during sex. Thin cords trailed away from the patch and the plug to a black box on the table beside him. Tony settled in a chair next to it, watching him with concern.
Steve’s heat lasted for five days. Tony assured him that normally it would be closer to three, but since it was his first real heat, and medically induced, that it would last longer. Steve was obviously overwhelmed and exhausted. In between waves of heat when he tried to rest, Tony did his best to keep him clean, hydrated, and encourage him to either eat or drink meal replacement shakes. Usually the latter, because he soon learned getting the omega to eat during his heat was nearly impossible.
Bucky watched Steve gear up for another mission. The third this week. He’d tried to get Bucky to come with them. Made him feel guilty when he refused. Reminding him of how long he’d been looking for him, how he’d always had Bucky’s back, felt safer when he was there to watch Steve’s.
*           *           *
“Please… Don’t go…” The side of Tony’s neck was wet with Steve’s tears as he trembled, waiting for the rejection that deep down he knew he deserved.
He crawled forward on his knees, arms sliding around Tony's waist as he fisted a hand into Steve's hair, guiding him down onto his thick cock. It had been years since he had done this, and he forgot the timing, choked as Tony carelessly thrust into his mouth and down his throat over and over again. He gasped in air when he could, finally finding the rhythm that allowed him to hollow his cheeks and suck when Tony slid deep, and run his tongue over the underside of his shaft when he slid back. Lost himself in the feel of Tony's skin, the scent, the sounds of pleasure he was making above him.
“Yes Sir.”
Steve stayed still and pliant as Tony rearranged him, sliding his thigh up and to the side to allow him to thrust deeper. Letting the sensations wash over him. He tried to stay in the moment, enjoy what he was being given, with no expectations for more. Tony shifted his hips so each stroke dragged over Steve’s sensitive prostate, sending shivers of pleasure down his spine. Tony’s hands slid to his chest, cupping his pecs and kneading the firm flesh as he continued to pound into him. Steve’s muscles began to tremble as he neared his release, fully expecting the implant to ruin it once again.
"I did. And... He's so much more than I expected. He can be so sweet to me, Nat. The morning after our first date, he filled my apartment with flowers."
"I do."
Tony blinked a few times before he could reply. "Yeah. Didn't expect to run into you here. Or your...?"
"A conference, actually. In London." Steve slipped behind him, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist and burying his face against his back. "Which is why I cleared your schedule."
"Keep it up, and I'll paddle you with it in there."
Tony pulled back slightly to study the embarrassment written across his face. “Really now? Well that is interesting. Maybe we should have adult story hour where you tell me all the kinky things you and Barnes used to get up to.”
“Yes alpha.” Steve obediently left the room and Tony’s attention went back to Bucky. “Do you want to tell me what happened?”
Tony applied a small amount of lube before pressing the ball into Steve, his exhausted muscles unable to protest. It was the work of a few second before the rest of the cage was slid in place and locked, the key in its customary place around Tony's neck. Steve shifted experimentally and felt the unyielding pressure against his prostate. He cried out softly from the jolt of pleasure rushing through his exhausted body, turning to cling to Tony desperately as he writhed against the sheets. Every movement sent him into fresh convulsions, rocking against his sensitive gland.
“Is that what the floaty thing is?”
Steve could feel the other man's smirk. "You know it's not going to be that easy, right?"
The next attempt had James falling heavily on his stomach again. He immediately repositioned himself, gamely lowering down again. He didn’t fall, but his form was so terrible for the next two attempts that Tony immediately put them in the fail column. James started to lose his balance on the next, arm having to awkwardly hop to the side in order to catch himself. Followed by another perfect push up, eyes locked with Steve’s the entire time.
Tony stroked cautious fingers over his cheek and Steve immediately leaned into the touch. “I thought…”
Steve dropped his gaze to the floor, swallowed. "I'm sorry, Tony."
Tony reached out to grip his chin, force Steve to meet his eyes. "Because I told you not to?"
“Oh, umm… Hi. I- I was hoping to talk to Bucky. James, I mean. If that’s okay…”
It was quiet for the first time in his experience. No bright lights. No blaring music. No manic Tony in ripped up jeans and an oil-stained band shirt bouncing around the room. It felt almost unnatural.
Unable to meet the intensity of those dark eyes any longer, Steve turned away, seeking a distraction. Then stopped and slowly scanned the room again. There was no sign of a cell phone. And Tony hadn’t been holding one when he burst in… “Umm… Tony? Where’s your phone?”
"Do you want to be allowed to touch yourself whenever you want? Or do you only want to come when I give you permission? Does it make it better when you have to hold off? To wait?"
Just a note: this is extremely bad BDSM etiquette. I’m playing with my own A/B/O rules, and making up medical necessity to justify my dirty porn. Tony is coercing Steve at best, and it’s DubCon or NonCon at worst. However, in this universe it’s for his own good and necessary.
He wasn't due for a few more hours, and Steve was stretched out on the couch pretending to watch television, when he heard the sound of the elevator behind him. Probably Natasha coming up to try and cheer him up or coax him downstairs to spend time with the team. He had just decided to ignore it when he felt a hard hand fist into his hair.
“I also expect you to pay attention when you’re being punished. Now, did you hear what I just said?” Steve slowly shook his head, apprehension tying his stomach in knots. “What I was saying was that I have spoken with Bruce. He’s looked at your scans, and believes that you should have started a cycle by now. The fact that you haven’t could be a symptom of damage to your reproductive organs. Apparently this is a treatment that he’s used with omegas in the past and had success with. I’ve been trying to think of a way to make this nicer for you. But since you’ve earned a punishment anyway… Well, two birds, one stone. All that.”
"Spill?"
"Oh, such a good boy. Hang on a second." The restraints around his wrists and ankles released, and Tony curled him up into his lap, cuddling him and petting his skin. "You did so well, Steve. So perfect." Soft kisses were pressed against his cheek, his temple. "Is it too much? Do we need to stop, or take a break?"
Steve blinked up at him, lower lip trembling. “Loved…?”
“Sweetheart. It’s okay. Everything is going to be just fine. Please. Please don’t cry. I can’t stand it.”
“Thank you.”
They watched in shock as the show began to unfold in front of them. The dominant, who was in fact their own Dr. Banner, put on an intricate ropework demonstration using none other than their former enemy Loki, as his model. The god was quiet and a model of obedience before the crowd. As soon as their performance was over, they disappeared into one of the designated aftercare rooms for a little while, leaving the two men speechless.
A gruff voice came over the speaker. “Who died and made you leader?”
Thor frowned. "It was... Father was set against Loki from the start. He did not allow my brother to so much as speak in his own defense. My mother and I managed to dissuade him from summarily executing Loki but were unable to reason with him further. He was sentenced to life imprisonment, with no visitation allowed."
"That's right. How much of this do you think you can take?"
“Not yet, but you will be.”
When Steve woke alone the next morning his stomach felt like lead. Breakfast was waiting on the table, but there was no sign of the other man. He continued to eat his meals alone for the rest of the week. Even when the gag was released, Steve was too afraid to ask JARVIS about Tony’s whereabouts. Tony spent most of his time working, or at least somewhere other than the penthouse. He directed Steve with simple commands, and kept him restrained on the far side of the bed each night. The only time he touched Steve directly was when he mounted him each night, with no gentleness and little care. Tony seemed so bored by the whole process that Steve was unable to find any pleasure in it either.
Bruce’s voice was warm when he spoke. “Of course, just a second.”
“Only one of us comes. You or me. Pick one.”
“I-I can’t… I can’t! It’s too much!”
"Okay. I think I like where this is going. So?"
After the battle of New York, it had seemed entirely reasonable for the Avengers to stay close to the city, to stay in touch. Tony, in his over the top Stark style, had offered the rest of them room to stay in his tower. After all, he owned an entire tower, had the money to keep them fed, supplied, etc. It had, in a way, made sense. So, one by one, the Avengers moved into the newly christened Avenger's Tower. And it had been fine. There was a common floor where they could spend time together, if they so chose, and everyone had their own floor.
“Perfect.” Tony took one last long look before turning away. He had things to do.
Steve tightened his grip, slowed his hand, squeezing firmly up and down the length. Lightened his strokes, speeding them up. Nothing worked. A sob tore out of his throat as his cock throbbed, painfully hard and unable to come. Tony eased his hand aside before fastening a metal cock ring firmly around the base. Steve gasped, body jerking at the increased pressure. It was horrible. He wanted it to stop. He dragged in ragged gasps, clinging desperately to Tony’s shoulders. “Alpha, please!”
Steve shuddered, arched back, silently begging for hands on his skin. “No Tony.”
“JARVIS?”
So here Steve was, sitting at his desk trying to do reports for SHEILD, his ass clenching around a thick plug, cock struggling in vain against the cage around it, beyond distracted, and plotting ways to kill his boyfriend.
Tony was kneeling behind him, palms coming around to grasp at his chest, bare hands kneading the flesh hard enough to bruise. Steve moaned, tried to arch back against him, felt his cock slot in between his cheek and rub over his hole, but the sensation was so dulled that it brought him no pleasure. Tears slid down his cheeks. “Tony, Tony, please. Please. I’ll be good, I promise!”
“No…” Steve shook his head, shoulders hunching in. “Please, alpha. I’m sorry. I’ll be good, I promise.”
Tony spent the rest of the afternoon cuddling and spoiling him. They curled together on the couch, watched several movies from Steve's list. The entire day was filled with gentle kisses, soothing touches, and murmured words of endearment.
"I'm always glad to see you. And yeah, Bruce cooked earlier. I think he was going to put something in the fridge for you. Have you eaten?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Slick fingers pressed against his sore hole, making him cry out and try to pull away. "Oh, Tony! It hurts! Please..."
"That's twenty. Keep going."
Turning his back to the setup, he fastened the vibranium cuffs of the spreader bar between his ankles, inching backwards slowly until he could impale himself on the waiting toy. A deep groan tore from his chest at the feeling of being stretched open and filled. Before he became anymore distracted, he set the remote to a random vibration pattern, placing it out of direct reach on the nightstand. Then came a silicone cock ring, more of a deterrent than anything else, but it helped to keep the game from ending too quickly. Finally a set of sturdy vibranium cuffs were fasted around his wrists with a timed padlock. He was as helpless as he could safely allow himself to be.
“No Tony. I can… I can be good for you.”
Tony smiled up at him when he walked in the door from his position crouched next to a table. “Give me just a minute, sweetheart.”
“It’s already done, Cap. You’re both on medical leave for the foreseeable future. We have no idea how long it’s gonna take to get you stable. If it means anything? I am sorry.” When Steve didn’t say anything, he left the room, door closing softly behind him. He waited, body heavy and aching with emotional agony for Tony to come for him.
"Yeah... Just, not having a good day, I guess."
It would have been impossible for him to refuse one of them. Both was out of the question. “Alright. We… We can try. But I don’t know if I’ll be able to…”
“About the cage. You seemed pretty livid yesterday. I don’t imagine that’s going to go away overnight.”
“Because you’ve been run so ragged lately, sweetheart. I didn’t want to make it worse. And besides, it didn’t end up coming to that. I stabilized Extremis, and it works. I heal pretty much as fast as you. No more cancer. No more injuries. I’m alright. I promise, Steve. I’m alright.”
When Tony spoke again his voice was halting, as though he were hoping to be wrong. “And the reason they kicked you off the team… Was because you’re an omega…?”
"You've been thinking about it too, haven't you? Dreaming of every terrible thing I could do to you. And I will. Because you're mine." The hand was back in Steve's hair, dragging his mouth up to meet a harsh demanding kiss. Not releasing him until he was panting and clinging to him.
, so if you're curious about his mystery friend, you'll find the answers there. Written in part for
"You don't understand. They think I'm in the dungeon. Thor will notify Odin, and they'll take me back. There won't be a chance for escape this time." Silvery tears streaked down his pale cheeks.
"I... I do. Yeah."
Steve rocked his hips forward, desperate to come, so close to the edge and knowing he wasn't going to reach it. Sure enough the plug stopped. Tony reached behind him, tugging it free from his body. Steve whimpered, feeling hollow and empty, muscles trying to clench on nothing after being stretched open all day long.
"So. Tell me. What you want."
"Tony, I can't! It hurts! Please!"
"Ready for what, Tony?"
Over the weekend, Tony had spent a few hours in his workshop, leaving Steve to entertain himself however he wanted. He wasn’t used to having free time. Before the serum his illnesses filled any spare moment he could scratch out for himself. During the war, there simply wasn’t time. He found himself turning to JARVIS for advice and recommendations, and enjoying the things the snarky AI directed him to.
There was a certain freedom in leaving his arousal completely in the hands of someone else. It had been three days since he had accepted his Sir’s offer, and he had yet to regret it. Steve’s skin prickled with desire as he finished his workout in the gym, trying to take his mind off of the throb of his cock. Which only served to turn him on more. Something was definitely wrong with him. But he was enjoying it. The cage and the control of another, it made him feel safe. Held in an odd way. And it had been so long since someone had cared about Steve Rogers instead of Captain America…
“Don’t what, sweetheart.” Tony’s voice was soft and patient. Understanding. Bucky wanted to believe in the promise held in those simple words. Believe that he could be loved and cared for the way this softer Steve was.
Steve gasped when Tony reached out and roughly tweaked a nipple. “Watch it. Or you might get more than you bargained for.”
Tony shifted to the side so he had a better view, dropping a hand down to squeeze his aching cock at the sight. James dragged the tip of his tongue through the gathered slick, moaning at the taste before attacking with a vengeance. Steve wailed, writhing in his bonds as James’ tongue flicked over his entrance, plunging inside to stroke over his inner walls. The cries increased in pitch as Steve drew closer to release, until he was shuddering at the edge. Tony waited for the small hitch in his breathing, even though Steve tried his best to hide it. The moment he started to fall over, Tony gave the order to James. “Stop, now.”
Steve was completely exhausted after an entire day of being tormented with ruined orgasms. By the time Tony brought him to bed, he collapsed into it gratefully. What he hadn’t expected was for Tony to slide in beside him and gather him into his arms. Steve burrowed against his chest, fighting back tears at the tender gesture. Tony rubbed his back, making soft shushing sounds, eventually soothing him to sleep.
“I think you’re an evil fucking sadist!”
“Yes! Tony. Alpha! Anything. Anything you want.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart.” He let out a shaky breath, gently exploring the swollen area before wrapping both arms around Steve, holding him close. “It’s okay. I’m stopping for now. Alright?”
“Because you never told me I could.” Tony’s hands burned against his skin as they gripped his hips, pulled him up onto his knees.
"Yes, Tony."
“I know.” Bucky appreciated the bluntness. It was easier to accept.
“Please…” Steve could feel his body clenching around Tony’s cock over and over again, milking him. He was hard and aching and confused.
"Nine days."
"I am so glad you asked. We're going out tonight."
Steve should have known that the invitation to the gallery event would turn into extra opportunities for Tony to spoil him. First, Steve didn't have anything proper to wear, so he had to be rushed over to Tony's personal tailor to have a tux custom fitted. Nothing but the best, of course.
"Is everything okay?"
As if it was the permission he needed, Steve gripped the cage, pulling at the edges, squeezing, trying to force it to give, release his aching cock. He struggled, writhing in Tony’s grip, the pressure building in his chest driving him crazy with want. He sobbed in desperation as the sensations climbed higher and higher, almost like the buildup to orgasm. No matter how hard he fought to get the cage off, it didn’t budge. His hands fell helplessly to his sides as the feeling of weakness overwhelmed him again, hips churning against Tony’s lap as the tension rose in him until it finally broke.
“Please! Tony. Fuck. Please!”
Steve began to thrash in his grip, oversensitive and frustrated. He was aroused, his body throbbing with need as Tony continued to work him. Why wasn’t he responding? Getting hard? Tony’s fingers left his hole, returning covered in slippery lube to press inside. Steve moaned as he was spread open on Tony’s fingers, feeling them slowly stroking in and out. It felt so good. Too good. He could feel himself building to another release, his soft cock sensitive and aching from the constant stimulation. Again, he struggled to hold back, and was betrayed by his body. Forced to come despite his wishes.
“Yeah. Brain tumor. Spent a year going to the best oncologists on the planet. None of them could do anything. Inoperable.”
And I’m back! Apparently, I’ve found my motivation for this story again. So have more porn of Tony taking care of Steve by being mean to him. I’d say that plot will come later, but... Eh. We’ll see what happens. Anyway, I hope you enjoy!
"Thank you, Tony..."
“I’m sorry.” Steve ducked his head lower in a sign of submission. He was getting it wrong again. Would never get it right. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying not to let his thoughts carry him into a downward spiral. If he crashed, there would be no one to help him level out again.
“Good boy.”
“Am… Am I allowed to make a phone call?”
“Tony…?”
enjoy the feels!
"Oh, yeah. Thought maybe you'd want to take a break from saving the world sometimes and pick up a hobby. I know you used to be an artist, so I thought you might like it. Did I not get the right stuff? I can always call the store and-"
Finally, he spoke. “I have some work that needs to be done downstairs. Your tablet has been locked up for the time being and your telephone and television privileges revoked. There are some books on the shelf in the guest bedroom if you get bored. The gag will release for you to have something to drink and eat lunch at intervals. You are to put it back in when you’re done or there will be consequences. JARVIS will alert me of anything else that needs my attention.” Without another word he swept out of the penthouse leaving Steve miserable and confused in his wake.
“I’ve got one more surprise for you, babydoll. You ready?” Steve shook his head frantically, unsure if he could survive anything more. Tony laughed, manipulating the remote anyway. The base of the dildo began to grow and swell, rounding out and pressing against Steve’s entrance. It felt like a knot, slowly stretching him wide. It began to press against his glands, the pressure increasing as it grew. Steve couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe. All he could do was stay still, struggling to accommodate the knot that was splitting him open, until he finally broke. His hips jerked down against the bench, trying to force the enormous thing deeper, pulling at his rim and milking his slick glands, coating the smooth leather beneath him. It was too much. Too much! Tony couldn’t expect him to take any more. But he did.
"Don't want you to, Tony." He tucked his face into the crook of the older man's neck, feeling weak and vulnerable.
Tony's fingers trailed over his chest, pausing briefly to flick over a nipple and smiling when Steve gasped softly. "Sensitive little thing, aren't you?"
"We will never let them take you. Your place is here."
Instead of activating the restraints, Tony swept him up in his arms and over his shoulder, carrying him kicking and screaming into the training room. He dropped Steve onto the floor, knocking the wind out of him, and began arranging a different frame around the sybian at the side of the room. Steve lay there, gasping for breath as Tony worked. He selected a large attachment, one that would carve deep into the omega’s body, pressed firmly against his newly functioning gland, driving him crazy with need. After fastening it in place on the machine, he walked back over to Steve, who was trying to crawl away.
“No sweetheart, never.” He offered Steve a half smile. “I think you’d be an amazing parent. Probably better than I’ll be.”
“Umm… I was just headed upstairs to take care of something…”
Steve shook his head, swallowing hard. “No.”
Steve lowered his gaze to the floor. “Then I obey.”
“And what is it my boy is begging so desperately for?”
“I did. But this is a lesson you need to learn, omega. So we’re getting it out of the way today.” Tony pressed Steve’s thighs wide, burying himself in a single thrust, moaning as Steve clenched and rippled around him, before starting a slow steady in and out movement.
"Tony." Steve shuddered, turned his head to press kisses against the side of his neck, opened his mouth so he could taste the salt on his skin.
“C’mon Steve, talk to me. What can I do to help? Cause you’re really freaking me out right now.”
"You just what? Sleep together, play kinky sex games, go to clubs, eat your meals together, and live in the same place, but you're not actually dating or serious about each other? Sounds pretty weak, even to me."
"And if your brother was not on Asgard?" Natasha asked.
Slowly, Steve stumbled out of bed and to the hallway, carefully opening Tony’s bedroom door. The other man woke instantly at the sound, sitting up in bed and staring at him groggily. “Steve…?’
Something soft and velvety rubbed over Steve’s lower lip before pressing inside. The taste of the strawberry exploded over his tongue. Slowly and gently, Tony fed him a selection from the plate he had brought downstairs. Delicate bites of fruit, pieces of cheese or sausage, small bits of bread. As it went on, Tony lingered. Fingers tracing the shape of Steve’s mouth, or over his lips. Allowing him to lap juice from his fingertips or suck gently.
“Good. I want to make sure I don’t scare my sweet boy away.” He dropped another kiss on Steve’s lips. Lingered when the omega became pliant and clingy in his arms. “I have some work I need to get done today. Meetings and other bullshit. And while I’m doing that, I have some plans for you.”
“But you’re okay otherwise?” Brown eyes studied his face looking for signs of distress.
He didn't know what to do with his hands. Steve was waiting in the penthouse as requested, no, as ordered by Tony at a few minutes before nine o'clock. He was jittery, filled with nervous energy, pacing back and forth on the plush rug that probably cost more than the entire building he used to live in. Moving helped, but he couldn't seem to figure out what to do with his hands. Clasped behind his back? Too submissive. In his pockets? Too casual.
A soft metallic sound drew Steve’s gaze down to his own cock, where the cage had just released. Tony pulled his fingers free from Steve’s body and set the remote down, before gently easing the cage off and setting it on the nightstand.
"I enjoy spending time with you, outside of what we've started, and I don't want you to feel like you have to agree to anything you don't want. That having been said, I think you like this as much as I do. And I don't think you want me to stop."
"That's right, my good boy. You come whenever you want, and then I'll fuck that pretty little hole."
"Tony... Please?"
“Well, I do.”
From somewhere far away, Steve could hear the soothing murmur of Tony’s voice, feel the gentle stroking of his skin, but it wasn’t enough. The throbbing in his core kept building, a frantic pulse within him. He had a moment of fear that it was going to rupture, explode and leave him more damaged than he supposedly already was. Time had no meaning. It felt like hours as the torment continued. Occasionally the electric pulses would stop. He could feel Tony removing the plug, only to fill him with another dose of the cream before replacing it. Then the shocks would start again. Over and over, until he had screamed himself hoarse and run out of tears.
“Yes Dr. Stark. Would six o’clock be acceptable?”
"Yes, Tony, please!"
“Well, I’ll let you get back to what you were doing. I’ll see you tonight.” He stepped off the elevator on the common floor, a spring in his step, waving over his shoulder as the doors closed. Steve leaned back against the wall for the rest of the ride to his floor, too overwhelmed to do more.
The realization of how helpless he was, the power Tony had over him, was enough to push him over. Come dribbled from the front of the cage and slick gushed over Tony’s hand, leaving Steve trembling and overstimulated. Tony’s ministrations never stopped. He continued to milk pleasure from Steve’s sensitive body, bordering on pain, but never crossing the line.
“Of course.” Steve relaxed back, letting himself go pliant beneath him.
“I’m not a child, or a pet! You don’t have the right to treat me like this!”
Tony slowly walked further into the room, shaking his head. “What do we have here? A naughty little omega touching himself without his alpha’s permission?”
“If you say so…”
Tony flashed him a shark-like grin. "Cheer up. You have two more days to think about what I could do to you. And whatever you think of? I guarantee what I do will be worse."
“Sixteen hours.”
Steve woke up with his face pressed against soft warm skin, which after the emotional rollercoaster of the day before, was a promising start. He slowly lifted himself off of Tony, meeting the genius’ dark brown eyes with a blush. “Morning.”
“Well, that’s a start. And since I’m done with your unruly dick for the night, I think it needs to be locked away.”
“Yes alpha…”
"Of course."
As soon as his legs stopped shaking he went to the kitchen, heated up some leftovers for lunch, and settled back on the couch. He had gotten to the second season of Sense8, a show recommended to him by Bruce of all people, and if he wasn't going to get anything practical done today, he might as well watch.
"Pet. Loki. He's been very good for me, for the last several months." Bruce's eyes were hard, defensive.
Steve sniffled, looking up at the other man warily. “You mean it.”
Steve dropped the tablet and raced to the bathroom, barely making it before he was throwing up the contents of his stomach. After he was done, he curled into a ball on the floor and cried. Bucky was right. Everybody was right. Their parents had risked their lives. And for what? To become a minor annoyance to society? To prove that they could manipulate and exploit their own children?
“What the fuck are you doing here?!”
"Tony. Tony please. Please please please."
Tony's voice was full of false sweetness. "What's the matter, sweetheart? Never used nipple clamps before? You seem to be enjoying it." His fingers twisted in the chain tugging on it repeatedly. Steve whimpered and arched beneath the cruel touch, cock hard and aching from it. "That's it. Good boy. Just enjoy what I give you. Anything I give you. Isn't that right?"
Saturday afternoons were one of their usual downtimes together, but Tony had claimed he had a project he'd be working on until late evening and shipped Steve off to the spa to be spoiled. After his experience getting ready for the gala, he had discovered he enjoyed being pampered and polished. Being pretty for his boyfriend and dominant. And cosmetic treatments had come a long way since his days of performing as a part of the USO shows. The facial treatments and massage were guaranteed to turn him pliant and docile.
Steve keened, letting his head tilt to the side, offering his throat in a sign of submission. He’d do anything to please this man. The version before him, perhaps more-so. And wasn’t that a terrifying thought to have about someone he’d technically only known a few hours?
Steve stirred in his arms, eyes blinking open sleepily. He shifted to roll closer to Tony, than gasped, a hand flying to his stomach. “Problems, sweetheart?”
"Shh... Be a good boy. You'll get what I give you. Understand?"
He clenched around the plug, trying desperately to keep it in place, while Tony found an unending list of excuses to drag him back and forth across the penthouse. Over and over again the plug slipped free, no matter how hard Steve tried to hold it. Each time the older man would scold him then push him against a wall or over a convenient piece of furniture to tease him until he was about to come before leaving him desperate and wanting.
I’m going to apologize right now, because this is a super short chapter. But it needed Tony’s perspective to move the plot forward a bit. Hopefully I’ll get inspired for some more later. For now, enjoy!
"The sass on you..." Tony's voice trailed off into a moan, as Steve pushed the blankets out of the way and slid his mouth over his cock. He lost himself in the taste and texture, the weight of him in his mouth and on his tongue. Steve let himself take his time, enjoy every sound he drew from his lover's lips. He loved doing this, being this, for Tony.
Strong hands slid up and down his cock, accompanied by sighs of pleasure and relief. But his eyes never strayed from Steve’s body. Every movement, every shudder and whine was something for Tony’s entertainment alone, and he was going to leave Steve like this as long as it pleased him. His suffering was nothing but a prop to push Tony to his release.
“He’s not my Steve!” The words were nearly a snarl, and Steve flinched back, hands splayed in front of him, as though to hold off an attack. “Shh… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I’ve… Never seen you like this. Are you alright?”
Then he was moving again. Each thrust rocked Steve forward, the metal restraints biting into his skin. Pleasure was rising unbidden, and he tried desperately to push it away. This wasn’t his choice. Would never be his choice. Steve had always refused to be a slave to his biology. The only thing worse than being bonded for life to a complete stranger would be to enjoy the process.
Steve waited until she met his eyes before speaking in a cool tone. “I don’t take well to other alpha’s sniffing around my mate. Stay away from Tony.”
Tony accessed the cage’s programming, sending a well lubed tendril of metal sliding into the slit of Steve’s cock, pressing deep before widening just shy of painful and hardening in place. Steve gasped, hips bucking up at the unfamiliar sensation before he began writhing on the bed. Tony left him there while he retrieved and cleaned the plug from earlier, removing the tubing and returning to Steve’s side. Not wanting to risk getting the lubricant on his own skin, Tony grabbed a lube shooter from the nightstand, using it to fill Steve with an abundance of it, taking care to cover his sensitive rim.
“Did you learn your lesson, sweetheart?”
Then there was nothing but cool air against his skin. He dug his fingers into the blanket, arched his back as if that would entice him not to stop. Not to leave him like this. A sob ripped out of his throat and tears began to slide down his cheeks. Again. He did this to him again. Brought him down to this place where he was nothing but desperation and need.
"No! No, please Sir!" Steve jerked against the restraints, trying desperately to free himself, not managing to move even an inch.
“Yes! Yes, please! Need it. Need it so bad, alpha.”
"This one's a little different." He lifted a small box, held it out to Steve, who took it carefully. "I love you, Steven Grant Rogers, more than I thought I could ever love anyone or anything."
He tried to muffle a laugh and choked instead. “Of course not. Sorry Tony.”
"I know. You feel it every second, don't you?" He moved over to where Steve was still sprawled across the bed, let his fingers trace against his skin, barely brushing. "And fuck do I love you like this. Makes me want to keep you all locked up and desperate all the damn time. And you'd do it for me, wouldn't you? Just to make me happy."
Tony’s mouth crashed against him, as though he were trying to devour him. Teeth scraped over his lower lip, making it throb, before a slick tongue swept into his mouth to tease and explore. Steve clung to his shoulders, trying to press closer, needing as much of him as he could get. The scent of Tony’s cologne and skin swirled around him, making him feel dizzy and weak.
“Yes Sir.”
He wasn’t sure how it happened, but this was not Bucky’s Steve. His Steve had never been this soft, this gentle. Not ever. He would never have made amends with Stark. Be living in his tower. His Steve wasn’t there. Was somewhere in Wakanda fighting another battle that didn’t belong to him. This Steve tucked a fuzzy blanket around both of them, cuddled closer and purred softly against his skin. The scent of honey and vanilla permeated the room.
“I… I know you aren’t happy… With him here. And I know you’re just doing this for me, because I stopped you from…”
Tony’s thrusts were relentless, taking what he wanted from Bucky’s unresisting body. He worked him to the edge, holding him there, forcing him to meet Tony’s intense gaze. “Who am I?”
He could feel the blush rising on his cheeks. "Umm... Bedroom. He's... He can be demanding, and the things he likes... Well, two fellas together were something you didn't really talk about back in the day, and I never heard of anything like what he likes."
The genuine concern in Tony's voice helped him to relax the rest of the way. "No. No, this is perfect. Thank you."
Tony’s eyes grew darker. “Yeah, baby. That’s what I need.”
After adjusting Steve’s tie so it laid smoothly, Tony threaded their fingers together and led him into the elevator. The frustration from earlier had fallen away, leaving him soft and obedient, exactly how Tony wanted him today. As they reached the garage and slipped into the backseat of a waiting car, a smile curved Steve’s lips. After all, even Tony wouldn’t be cruel enough to deny him on their wedding night.
"Thank you, Jarvis. Come on, babe."
“And you’re an omega?”
"Do you need to use your word?"
“Let me know when it starts working, alright Steve?”
Tony lifted the still spasming omega into his arms, carried him into the bedroom, depositing him gently on the bed. He quickly stripped out of his clothes, sliding in beside Steve and holding him close, shushing the anxious sounds that had begun when he’d moved away. Eventually the stimulation was too much, even for a super soldier. Steve’s eyes had rolled back after another release had torn through his system, then fluttered shut, hitching breaths slowing and becoming regular.
“Not to me. I want to take care of you. And you need to eat. And the generic mush they have at the Omega Centers does not count as food.”
The toy was dragged out of his body, passage clenching tightly around it, trying to keep it buried inside. More tears fell when it slid free, leaving him empty and wanting. “Please, alpha. Please. I need it. I need it so bad.”
This exposed one of Loki's secrets to the team. He could bake. Pretty much anything, and extremely well. And the god seemed strangely inclined to please, so it took little more than a sweet request or begging eyes for him to provide the heroes with cakes, cupcakes, cookies, and pastries. A few well-placed threats to Fury accompanied by slipping a three-layer white chocolate raspberry truffle cake to Coulson, and SHEILD was more than willing to accept Loki as the newest addition to the Avengers.
"Captain Rogers! Captain Rogers! Are you here tonight to support a fellow Avenger?"
Steve smiled. This was familiar territory. Late nights when neither of them could sleep, talking over hot drinks in the kitchen. "Guess away. I promise it's not aliens invading New York this time."
Tony nodded slowly. “Okay. So that’s how you’re going to be. I can handle that. You might regret it though. Up.” Tony dragged Steve to his feet using the grip on his hair and started walking, leaving him to scramble to keep up. They went straight to the elevator and up to the penthouse bedroom. He shoved Steve down to his knees on the floor before releasing his grip. “Turn around. Face the foot of the bed. And don’t you dare move.”
"Yeah..."
"Hey. Always assume that I want to see you as often as possible. Alright?"
"You didn't use your word."
Steve nodded in relief. He could be good for Tony. Wanted to be.
Tony tried to gain control of himself, a process which took most of the ride home. He led Steve up to the penthouse and into their bedroom, turning to face him with a serious look on his face. “You know I have to punish you for that.”
Steve didn’t fight him when he moved back between his legs, trembling but not struggling in the restraints. Tony kept a gentle hand resting on his calf, knowing the contact would be soothing. He was as gentle as he could be, working each gland until it gave, giving Steve a break after each one, praising him constantly.
The assurances made Steve feel soft. He buried his face in the side of Tony’s neck, clinging to him desperately, as though he could disappear at any moment. “Tony… Please, I want…”
The sound of grinding metal filled the room, and the frame beneath Steve’s body began to shift, moving him along with it. The table flipped over, leaving him dangling from it’s surface. His arms were pulled back, leaving his neck completely exposed, and his thighs spread wide. A callused finger pressed firmly against his tightly clenched hole, rubbing for a moment before withdrawing.
"Too much. Too much. Stop, please, I can't... I can't anymore... Please!"
He carried the box to his bed and set it down before turning his gaze up to the ceiling. “Hey Jarvis? Privacy mode, please.”
"What?" He looked up abruptly, wide-eyed and startled.
“Alright, baby. After all, you did earn it.” A third finger pressed in beside the other two, stretching him wider, and sending a bolt of pleasure through his body. Tony began thrusting in earnest, hard and deep, curling his fingers to put more pressure on Steve’s sensitive gland. The pleasure built higher and higher, locking his muscles and stealing his breath. Steve squeezed his eyes shut, praying Tony would show him mercy this time. Allow him to have it and enjoy it, instead of ruining his release this time.
Steve shuddered, realizing as he did so that Tony had released him from the restraints at some point. He struggled to clear the fog from his brain, blinked several times as if that would help, before his attention was drawn to sunlight on the window. “Tony, it’s not bedtime.”
Steve nodded vigorously, clenching the sheets tighter in his fists. “P-please…?”
The corner of his lips turned up in a smirk. “Then I guess you better go tell him that, right punk?”
“I’m gonna take care of you, sweetheart. I promise. But I think you’re a little too distracted by this to really enjoy my cock.” Tony cupped the cage, squeezing it gently. “What do you want more, baby? My cock or me to touch yours?”
Steve sat down on the couch, intently studying the concrete at his feet. "I talked to Natasha. She wanted to know what was going on with us..." He smiled. "Apparently I've looked like a real dope the last few days."
"Okay..." Tony turned and began to stride quickly from the room. Steve started to follow after him, but at the first step, the plug shifted, dragging down heavily against his rim, and fell to the floor with a loud thud. Tony was in front of him before he could even blink. "Come on, Steve. Already? Were you even trying? Pick it up."
“I promise. I’m so sorry, sweetheart. I made a mistake. You’ve been so unhappy since I brought you here, I started to think that maybe I was wrong. That it wasn’t the shock of settling in, of adapting to something new that was making you act out. That it was me.” He sighed. “I’ve been told I’m a lot to deal with under the best of circumstances. By pretty much everyone, at one time or another. Maybe expecting to have an omega of my own, a mate and a family, was too much.” Tony tilted Steve’s chin up, a bittersweet smile on his face when their eyes met. “You’re wonderful, Steve. Better than I deserve. I don’t want you to be unhappy. I talked to Bruce at the gala tonight. He’s willing to have you come and live with him and James. You’d still be in the tower, and I could come see you, if you wanted me to. And I’d be there to take care of you when you needed me to. You wouldn’t be alone…”
But there was something else in the box. A small cell phone. The old fashioned flip kind. As he stared at it, the front lit up with a text alert. Curiosity finally won, and Steve opened it to see what the message was.
“God, Steve. What would I ever do without you. And may I never have to find out.”
Tony’s eyes lit up again and screen on the wall responded, replaying the security footage from Steve’s living room a few days ago. He watched as his body writhed on the floor from the onslaught of painful pleasure that he could remember all too well, before arching up and screaming Tony’s name in the throes of his release. Steve turned away with a painful blush, his cock throbbing in his cage, trying to make it’s presence known.
“Yeah, I guess we are.”
"I love you too. You have no idea how happy you've just made me. Come here, I want to hold you for a little while."
"Oh fuck."
“Sweet boy. We’re going to be okay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why don’t you stay right here and rest for a minute. I’ll go start a nice hot bath with something that probably does nothing but smells really good mixed in.”
“What do you think, sweetheart?”
“Good boy. Such a good boy for me. The two best boys in the whole world, and you’re both mine.” The sheer possessiveness present in the words made Bucky shudder. Tony started at his shoulders, placing soft kisses against his skin, scorching a trail down his back. When his lips pressed to the small of Bucky’s back, he wound his arms tightly around the spread thighs, ensuring that Bucky would stay open for him. A hint of breath was the only warning he received before a burning hot tongue swirled over his tightly furled entrance. Bucky cried out in pleasure, hips jerking back into Tony’s mouth. He didn’t let up for a second, licking and sucking as though he were trying to devour Bucky alive.
Steve sobbed, harder and harder with every release. The pain soon eclipsing the pleasure. Each time became blinding agony. His overworked body felt bruised and battered. When Tony finally released his soft cock, it looked bruised and swollen. The fingers slid from his passage, leaving him feeling empty and unsettled. He immediately began to babble apologies through his tears.
Glands were more important to health and well being than Steve had realized. Slick glands apparently helped in the removal of toxins from the body. When they were impacted or non-functioning for too long, it could lead to a buildup in the blood stream. If not caught in time, it could cause sepsis and death. The omega gland was more than just a pleasure center. It produced the majority of an omega’s hormones. Damage or removal lead to infrequent heats, infertility, depression, anxiety, and panic disorders. Some remote regions still practiced gland mutilation, leaving omegas in a constant state of fear and need, removing the ability to be soothed. Stark Industries supported a charity outreach program providing protection and rehabilitation for omega’s who had been tortured in that fashion.
"No idea. Sure as hell wasn't Strange though."
Steve blinked his eyes open, meeting the concerned brown ones above. A wave of emotion rolled over him, making his heart swell in his chest. “I…” He had to swallow before he could continue. “It’s okay, Tony. Not fun, but I can handle it. For you. For us.”
"Good night Tony."
“Still worth it.”
"I- I would have made myself come..."
Tony's eyes were large and dark, hopeful, when Steve finally lifted his gaze to look at him. He had to clear his throat a few times to get any sound to come out. "Yes, Tony. I... I want that more than anything."
"You do?"
Without thinking, Steve rose and moved around to the other side of the desk. On the ground beside Tony's chair was a thick red cushion. He didn't have to ask, just slowly dropped to his knees on the plush fabric. Tony smiled and stroked his cheek. "Such a good boy."
He turned, giving him a bland expression. "Ordered breakfast. What's the matter, princess? Decided you wanted bacon instead of sausage?"
“Tony…” Steve leaned up as much as he could, tucking his face against the other man’s neck. “Why do you think I crashed like I did in the gym, instead of anywhere else? It was you. When we’d spar, you’d get so close. I could smell you on my skin for the rest of the day. I could feel you. And I wanted that. So much.”
"I'm right here, Steve. You were so good for me. Did such a good job." He felt Tony lift him in his arms, lay him down on the softness of a bed. "Come for me now, sweetheart." Wet heat closed over his sore cock, relentless but gentle, as Tony's mouth stroked over him until he came with a harsh cry, back bowing off the bed. Then Tony's arms were around him again, and he drifted away.
“Captain? If you’re not busy, Sir has requested your presence in his workshop.”
“Absolutely. I’ll be looking forward to it.”
“Alright. Sunset is a beta. Or at least, that’s what she declares publicly. We dated for a while, as I’m sure you gathered. Everyone was thrilled. Meeting of two tech giants, America’s sweethearts, all that jazz. After a few months, she got me alone. Candlelit dinner, fine wine, the works. Said she had this fantasy. Since I was an alpha, she wanted me to dominate her. Treat her like an omega. Of course, since she was such a public figure, we’d have to go somewhere private. Get away for a while. She told me about this private lodge in the mountains she owned. Said it would be perfect. Piece of advice, Steve? If anyone ever invites you to their secluded cabin in the woods, run.”
"You'll see. Let me just get the timer ready..." Steve trembled as he heard several sounds around him. Part of him knew that it was mostly for show, to mess with his head. But it was still working. A few moments later he felt something damp and cool pressing against his hole, no longer teasing, but forcing its way inside relentlessly until it was seated. It felt like a plug, but the texture was strange. Firm, but not that of metal or silicone. There was also a spicy scent in the air that he couldn't place.
“Hey, Capsicle! Just who I was looking for. You got a minute?”
Steve sniffled, rubbing at his eyes with the back of his hand. “Yes, alpha.”
"Be a good boy, and I won't have to punish you. I can't believe you tried to take it off!"
He needed Steve to be completely filled with his seed and his claim. Dimly Tony also hoped that Steve was receptive enough to catch this heat, already planning on keeping him plugged for as long as possible afterwards. He wanted his mate to carry his child. To know that a piece of them both was growing inside the sweet omega. He was certain that Steve would be an amazing mother, and that having their child to care for would do wonders for his security and temperament.
“I… I don’t want that. Tony, I don’t want that. Wanna come. Please? I never get hard, I can’t. And now…” He trailed off with a sob. It wasn’t fair.
Tony could feel his orgasm building, getting closer. He tightened his grip on Steve’s hair, holding him down as he came, pouring down his throat and forcing him to swallow again and again in a desperate attempt to breathe. Tony waited until Steve was tense and trembling, anticipating the moment Tony would release him, slide free and let him breathe unimpeded.
“Did you think I’d forget, Steve? I kept the exact measurements. Been working on it for the last week. Say thank you, my sweet omega.”
Steve was still handcuffed when he woke up the next morning. His hole ached as it squeezed around the plug still buried inside of him. Tony walked in as he rolled onto his back, trying to stretch sore muscles as much as he was able. The older man was fully dressed, and appeared to have been awake for a while already. Steve felt exposed, naked and restrained on the giant bed.
Steve woke up warm and comfortable, still pressed against Tony's body. As he blinked his eyes open, the night before came back to him in vivid detail. The display at the gala just for his benefit. How right it had felt to put Tony's pleasure before his own, the other man's joy in taking him apart, and how sweetly he'd cared for him afterward. The mumbled words as Tony had fallen asleep. Tony loved him.
The head of Tony’s cock pressed against Steve’s twitching entrance, slowly forcing it’s way inside. It didn’t hurt, but Steve was already so sensitive that it was its own form of agony. Tony continued to steadily press forward, splitting him open around the wide girth of his cock. Steve breathed a sigh of relief when Tony finally bottomed out inside of him. Tony paused for a moment to groan as Steve clenched around him, unused to the sensation of having something buried inside of him.
"Comfortable so far, sweetheart?"
"Oh sweetheart. But I can. And you want me to."
He sobbed as Tony's fingers slid out, leaving him empty and wanting. His body still yearned for pleasure, even as he ached. The clamps were released, a fresh wave of pain shooting through his abused nipples as Tony massaged feeling back into them, finally curling Steve into his arms, holding him close, brushing away his tears.
Steve was so lost in the fantasy, he didn’t realize how close he was until the first orgasm slammed into him. With a scream of the other man’s name, he came, painting his chest white, body trembling from overstimulation as the vibrator relentlessly powered on. He rode the pleasure-pain until the timer beeped and released his wrists. Slowly he reached for the remote and turned it off, collapsing down on top of the mattress, vibrator still buried inside of him. It wouldn’t be the first time he had fallen asleep like that. He’d clean up in the morning.
“Stay. Please. Come have breakfast. Talk to us. Hear what we have to say. Please?”
Steve wanted to know what Tony was excited enough to play this game over in the first place. Wanted the older man to force him down on the bed, teasing and torturing him. He took a few cautious steps down the hallway, hesitating long enough for Tony to turn back to him, eyes impatient. With a sigh he relaxed his tired muscles, the plug dropping to the floor a final time. Steve dropped to his knees, head bowed, gazing up through his lashes.
“Yes Tony.” A warm hand slid into his, and Steve allowed himself to be pulled to his feet. Tony braced him with a arm securely around his waist when he stumbled, supporting him until he was standing on his own.
Slick was pouring out of him, sliding down his thighs to drip onto the ground beneath him as he moved. He couldn’t even pretend to be running anymore. Another release pounded through him, trapping a sob in his throat as he collapsed to his hands and knees. Tony gave him a chance to rise, but his legs were shaking too hard to move.
"Good boy. Are you ready for your punishment?" Tony laughed at the rapid shake of Steve's head. "At least you're honest. But we're going to start anyway."
Steve gasped as the metal of the cage slid over his length, crying out as it tightened around him in a punishing grip until he went completely soft before locking with a click. His hips churned desperately. This was worse. This was so much worse than when he used ice to force him to go soft. This was just the right kind of pain to make him ache and want and need. “Tony! Tony, please…”
Steve’s pecs spasmed painfully and relaxed. A slow trickle of come dripped from the cock cage. He shook in Tony’s arms, sobbing harder. He felt robbed. Cheated of the pleasure his body had been building up to. Tony made soft shushing noises as he continued to knead at Steve’s chest and toy with his nipples. “It’s okay. You’re doing so good for me, baby. Exactly what you’re supposed to. Just let me.”
“…and then you’ll get to come for me. Won’t that be nice, sweetheart?”
Tony shushed him, quickly injecting the medication before setting the syringe aside. “You’re actions have consequences, Steve. You need to get used to that. I let you go so we could have breakfast. You ran away, tried to break my door and window, then planned on attacking me. I wouldn’t be doing my job as your alpha if I let that kind of behavior go unpunished. Now, we’re going over to the table, and we’re going to eat. Alright? Nothing else is happening right now.”
Bucky looked down, taking a trembling breath. He had to obey. Even if it felt wrong to use his given name. Even if he didn’t deserve to. He had sworn to do as Stark wished. “Yes Tony…” His voice was barely above a whisper.
They stayed there until James and Steve had both calmed. Tony rubbed softly over the marks the restraints had left on Steve’s wrists and ankles, then turned his attention to James. The prostate massager was carefully removed, and Tony gathered him up, carrying him back to the bedroom and depositing him gently on the pile of blankets. He placed another soft kiss on James’ lips before returning to the playroom and lifting Steve into his arms, bringing him back to bed as well. Tony stripped off his clothes and settled all three of them into a comfortable tangle of limbs and bare skin.
He rolled his hips forward, testing to see what Steve’s reaction would be when Tony rubbed against his hole. He only whimpered, pressed back harder against Tony’s cock. A whine of his name, followed by a shiver.
Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair, leaned down for a long, lazy kiss that made him feel dizzy. “You’re perfect, Steve. Sweet boy. Do you want your collar now?”
Steve pulled his knees up to his chest, instinctively trying to make himself smaller. “I do. You’re saying I don’t have a choice. So, who is it? Who’s the poor bastard who got stuck with me?” Nightmare scenarios began to flash behind his closed eyes as options like Rumlow or Rollins immediately came to mind.
“Back with me, Steve?”
"Anytime, sweetheart."
“Gorgeous, Steve. Absolutely gorgeous. Did that feel good honey? Do you want me to stop?”
“Halfway there, sweetheart.”
“Come on, Steve. Show me what I do to you.”
When he reached his floor, he shook off his daze and made his way to the bedroom, curious what his Sir had for his this time. On the bed was a small box, obviously professionally wrapped. Again there were no clues as to the man’s identity, but somehow that was a part of the fun. Steve sat down on the bed and carefully opened the present. Inside was a sleek metal plug, thick and just long enough to tease. His hands trembled slightly as he typed his reply.
“Since you don’t seem to know how to keep your mouth shut, even though I told you my very first rule for you was respect, you have lost the privilege of speaking. The gag will be removed for water and meals. If you say a single word in that time, I will replace it with a less comfortable gag that I can feed you through. Nod if you understand.” Steve slowly nodded, eyes wide.
“Not a thing.” The vibrations jumped up several settings, leaving Steve clinging to his chair, thankful for the secluded corner they were seated in. His cock started a painful throbbing as it tried to harden and was restrained by the cage. Even as he thought about it, he could feel the cage shifting, tightening around him, increasing his suffering. How did he always know?
“Good job, sweetheart. See? I knew you could do it. Now you just stay there and look beautiful while I finish getting you ready.” Tony moved up behind him. A heavy bar was fastened between his legs, metal cuffs secured just above his knees, holding him in the desired position. His torso was pressed down onto the mattress, head resting on a pillow, his wrists encased in shackles that were attached to the cuffs on his legs. Leaving him bent over and humiliatingly exposed to Tony’s gaze. “Aren’t you just the prettiest thing. Tell me, Steve, have you ever been with a man before? Or played with this pretty little hole?”
“Are you sure?” Tony asked through gritted teeth.
“So you just went with him?”
Another laugh. "At least you're always honest."
“Good. Let’s get breakfast. I’m starving.” Tony led him to the living room, where a thick cushion sat on the ground in front of the couch. “Kneel for me, omega. I’m going to feed you today.”
“Yes, alpha.”
Tony buried his face in the side of Steve's neck, mumbling the words against his skin. "I'm pretty gone on you too, soldier."
He heard the water shut off and busied himself with gathering plates and silverware, setting a few bottles of water on the table. With all the crying Steve had been doing today he was probably dehydrated. He retrieved the bags of food from the elevator and began arranging containers waiting for the other man. Tony looked up when Steve padded quietly into the room. The thin t-shirt and pants left very little to the imagination. Color climbed up Steve’s cheeks at Tony’s blatant perusal, but he made no attempt to stop him or hide himself. Another piece of the puzzle clicked into place.
The next morning began with soft kisses trailed over Steve's face. His eyes slowly blinked open and focused on Tony, propped on an elbow, leaning over him. The sight immediately brought a smile to his face. "Morning."
"You're welcome sweetheart." He slid healthy servings of bacon, eggs, and toast onto plates and carried them to the living room. "Come on in and sit down."
Tony nodded, unused to the sense of responsibility weighing heavily on him. It had been a long time since he had needed to care for anyone other than himself. He silently promised that he would do everything necessary to care for the defenseless omega. “Yeah. I’d like that.”
He snarled when the alpha approached, gaining a raised brow. “Really? Do you want me to attach the collar too?”
"Yeah. I'm okay. Thank you."
"No... No, Tony. I can be good. I promise."
“Absolutely. Thank you, Tony.”
"Yes, Tony."
“Jerk.” Steve leaned forward, hugged him hard.
“Offer me your neck, sweetheart.” Tony chuckled cruelly when Steve tilted his head to give Tony the side he marked earlier. “Oh no. Other side, omega. That’s what you want, isn’t it? All bitten up by a possessive alpha?”
Tony's arms were around him instantly, tugging at the blanket to get it wrapped around him. "Open your eyes for me, sweetheart. Come on. Come back to me."
He’d thought he had found a place for himself. Here in the future, away from the whispers that had followed him throughout the war. He was a science experiment. Erskine should never have given the serum to an omega. It should have fixed him, made him an alpha. Why didn’t it work? It had been a relief to put the plane down in the ice. To finally be done. But then Steve had woken up in the future, with a chance to start over again. Or so he’d thought.
Steve felt his cheeks heat up. "Yes Tony."
"You are. How- How long are you going to keep me...?"
Steve cleared his throat nervously. "No, Tony. I don't. But I don't really know..."
Steve set down the mug, instead walking over to the older man and pressing into his side, face tucked against his shoulder. Tony immediately wrapped an arm around his waist holding him close. "Do you want to try going back to bed?"
"Gimme a sec, okay?" Tony slid off the bed. Steve could hear him digging around in the dresser for a moment, before he came back, kneeling in front of Steve on the bed. "I have something for you. I wanted to give it to you while we were here, but I didn't want it to seem... Casual, or part of a sexy time reward."
As soon as his employers had figured out that Captain America wasn’t the symbol of alpha superiority that they’d been led to believe, they couldn’t wash their hands of him fast enough. Unfortunately, the Avengers had followed suit.
"Come on, sweetheart. Back with me now, just a little bit. Doesn't my good boy want his present? I made it just for you, finished it before I came up."
Steve’s mouth opened and closed several times in outrage. “But… That’s not fair!”
He laughed, pressed another kiss to Steve's cheek. "Because I'm just that good."
Stark’s voice sounded closer. When Steve pried his eyes open, the other man was kneeling on the ground in front of him, his gaze filled with concern. He shook his head, trying to clear it. This was wrong. He should be the one on his knees, not Stark. Never Stark. He couldn’t speak, a choked off whine the only sound that could escape his tight throat.
Steve nodded against his chest, then whimpered as he felt the cage tighten back into it’s normal snug fit. “Yes, Sir.”
"Good. I'm gonna assume that he took you. Do you like having something inside you, baby? Do you ever touch your sweet little hole when you're alone?"
"You should see yourself, Steve. You are so much fun to play with." He leaned back in his chair. "Did you like your present?"
“That coming like I used to hurts…”
"Good boy. You remember your word?"
"Good boy. Do you like my little dungeon? After the first night you submitted to me, I built new restraints for each and every thing in here. Just for you."
He clung, trembling, letting the words wash over him, the promises warm him. “I love you too, Tony. So much. Please don’t do this to me again. I can’t… I can’t stand it.”
"You have."
When his eyes opened again, he was curled securely in Tony’s arms, the alpha’s knot still lodged deep inside of him. “Hey…” He murmured.
Too quick to track the movement, Bucky was across the room, arm tight around the slim man’s waist, pulling him back against his body to growl in his ear. “I’d watch it if I were you, darlin’. I don’t think you’re ready for another spanking just yet.”
"Iron Man? All clear?"
“Good boy.” Tony pushed the coffee table against the wall, leaving a wide empty space in the center of the room. “Why don’t you come over here, James.” He obediently rose to his feet, moving to stand at the ready in the space Tony had indicated. Tony nudged Steve’s pillow, turning it slightly so he had an unimpeded view as well. “When you are ready, you are going to do a series of one armed push ups for us. Metal arm behind your back. You will have… Let’s say two minutes. Got it so far?”
“That’s horrible! I’m so sorry, Buck. But we’re together now. We can… We can get away. Go home together. Be free.”
His omega. The thought made him stop for a moment. He finally belonged to someone. He had an alpha. Who desperately wanted him, even if he was damaged. At least, that’s what he kept telling Steve. But this was Tony. Before anything else they were friends. So why would Tony lie to him? If this was all part of SHEILD’s plan to keep Captain America functioning, wouldn’t he have just told him as much from the start?
He took a breath. "Sure. Since we're friends. A couple. Shoot."
Steve’s mind stopped at the mention of Tony’s cock. He’d do anything to feel it again, how perfectly it stretched him, filled him up. “You! You! I’ll always choose you!”
For probably the millionth time since the other man fell, Steve wished he could talk to Bucky. He had always understood everything about Steve, and never made him feel bad for what he wanted. Of course, back then Steve wasn’t nearly as screwed up. Sexually or mentally. And it wasn’t like he’d be in this position to start with if his old Dom was still around.
"You're welcome, sweetheart. You do please me. But watching you suffer pleases me more. On your knees, legs spread wide, arms above your head. Now."
Tony gripped his wrist hard, pulling it behind his back and keeping it pinned there. “No.”
"And I have to admit, I love how clingy and needy this is making you. How desperate. Such a good boy."
“Is that what you like, sweetheart? A little bit of pressure right here?” Steve nodded, cries getting louder when Tony’s grip tightened. He carefully squeezed, rewarded by Steve releasing around him, milking his cock as a flood of slick drenched his thighs. “Oh yeah. That’s exactly what you want, isn’t it?”
Realizing it was going to be one of those nights, Steve quickly rinsed off before stepping out of the shower. He dried off quickly, not bothering with clothes, before heading into his closet to retrieve the large box he had hidden inside. If any of his teammates knew about this, he would never live it down.
Nothing happened. After what seemed like an eternity, he finally looked up. Stark was still glaring down at him, repulser raised. Steve had a hand resting on Stark’s wrist. Not hard. Not forcing him to stop. Soft. Gentle. Steve was looking up at him with tears in his eyes, and Bucky could see the moment Stark relented. He lowered his hand, the weapon folding back to become a watch once more. “You just got very lucky, Barnes. Steve wants you around. And I would be a fool not to give him everything he wants. So you get to live another day. You get to stay. This time.  Cross me again, and I won’t hesitate to kill you. And if this is a trick? A ploy to bring the Rogues back? You will cease to exist. Got it?”
Tony's gaze snapped to the stage, studying the two men. "I'll raise you one. Is that Loki?"
“About what, sweetheart?” Tony was confused, unsure what he could possibly be angry about.
Steve was small, the skin soft and silky, with no trace of hair anywhere. Tony cupped him, able to fit the entirety of his cock and balls in his palm. When Tony’s hand closed around him, Steve groaned in pleasure, pressing back, trying to get him deeper.
Bucky shook his head. This was all wrong. He’d messed up already. The last thing he wanted to do was take something good away from Stevie. “No. ‘M fine. I promise. ‘M just gonna…” He didn’t manage to finish the sentence, fleeing into the bathroom and putting a closed door between them. Bucky splashed water on his face, washing away the traces of tears. He had been stupid to let himself be so vulnerable. He needed to be stronger than that. Put some distance between him and Tony- no, Stark. And Steve. This wasn’t his Stevie, and the tower wasn’t his place. He understood that now. It was time to leave.
"Stay." After issuing the order, Tony disappeared into the closet, rustling around for several long moments before returning, setting things down where Steve couldn't see what he had chosen. He heard the sound of a bottle opening, his only warning before slick fingers began rubbing over his hole, coating it thoroughly in lube before pressing inside. Tony took his time, slowly opening him up, adding more and more lube until he was slick and dripping with it. Finally satisfied, his fingers slid away. Steve let out a soft whimper, achingly empty, clenching around nothing.
It would be okay. As long as his alpha was close to him, inside of him, he could take anything. The thought was soothing for a moment, until he realized there were three devices. He screamed, clamping down internally as his sensitive cock was fed into the remaining tube. Steve’s hips jerked against the strap holding them down uncontrollably, the sensations racing through his body more than he thought he could take.
A hard hand gripped his hair and dragged him out from under the desk. Tony’s face was stern, but there was a hint of amusement dancing in his dark eyes. Something tight in Steve’s chest relaxed. He wasn’t wrong, Tony had been offering him a choice. “And what the hell did you think you were doing?”
"I can leave you wanting, and dress you up in your pretty new toy. Or I can make you come until you're begging me to stop, and then make you pretty for me. Which way do you want to suffer, baby?"
Stark rubbed gently over his back, holding him, the way he’d seen him hold Stevie so many times. Stark didn’t speak. Didn’t impatiently demand to know what was wrong, or scold him for interrupting them. He simply supported Bucky until the tears had dried and he could breathe again. Bucky was the one who pulled away first, ducking his head in shame, mumbling an apology.
“When you decided I wasn’t worth keeping around… When you were gone and I… I’d be alone again. And I’m so tired of being alone, Tony…”
“Tony!” Steve’s eyes were wide and pleading. “No. Please. Please don’t leave me like this. I need you. I need you so much…”
“I disobeyed you. And growled when you stopped me.”
"Good. Good boy. I need you to pick a word for me. Your safe word. And if I hear that, everything stops, and we figure out what went wrong. Can you do that for me?"
"I'm trying to be."
"Sounds amazing."
Tony nodded. “It’s alright. We’re figuring it out, remember? Good. So, while we wait for the breakfast Jarvis ordered to arrive, there are a few things I wanted to talk to you about.”
Tony lay there, listening to the soft breathing of both sleeping men. His arms tightened around both sets of shoulders, a surge of protectiveness rolling through him. Steve had one arm beneath Tony’s back, the other resting on his stomach, finger’s still twined with James’, face tucked into it’s customary spot in the side of Tony’s neck. James rested with his face buried against Tony’s chest, other arm curled around himself, as though defending himself even in sleep. Occasionally his hand would twitch in Steve’s grasp, hinting at the terrors that still haunted his dreams.
Tony eased him to his feet before turning him to sit down in the overstuffed chair once again, wanting him to be comfortable, as well as having a good view of Steve’s predicament. James let out a soft sound of pleasure when the toy pressed deeper inside of him, before slowly settling into the cushions.
“Okay, sweetheart, out of your tux and on the bed. Present for me.”
Almost as if on cue, arousal surged through Steve’s body. His cock straining against the cage and his prostate throbbing madly inside of him. He’d never felt need or desire like this before. “Please, Tony. Please!”
Steve knew he was in medical before he even opened his eyes. The steady beeping of the heart monitor and that certain antiseptic smell were instantly recognizable. When he did open his eyes, he almost wished he hadn’t. Fury was sitting in a chair against the wall, face twisted in a scowl.
When Steve woke, Tony pulled him closer, letting him curl up against Tony’s chest. He enjoyed the soft purring sound that rumbling in Steve’s chest. He seemed to be make it without realizing it, anytime he was happy and content. Tony tilted Steve’s chin up, placed a soft kiss on the tempting lips before drawing back with a smile. Tony had already learned that he needed to be so careful with him. The slightest hint of rejection and Steve would fall apart. He had to be gentle and reassuring. Steve offered him a shy smile in return, peering up through his lashes. Something he did frequently, but never seemed to lose it’s effect on Tony. Or his libido.
“Back with me now, sweetheart?”
"Come on."
“And what else?”
Strong fingers combed through his hair, soothing him. "Then you won't, sweetheart. I promise."
Tony gently stroked his cheek, cupped his jaw. “No honey, I’m not.”
“Of course! Thank you, alpha. You’re so good to me.”
“You’re most welcome. Ready?” Tony waited for James to nod before pulling the remote from his pocket and turning the vibrations on to the lowest setting. James’ eyes widened immediately, a soft gasp tearing from his throat. His hips began to move in small circles, grinding down into the chair. Tony turned it up another level, watching his eyes fall closed, cheeks flushing a light pink as the pleasure grew.
After a few more minutes of contented silence, Tony cupped the side of his face, tilting it up so he was looking into Steve's eyes. "Hey Steve?"
They reemerged before too long, heading directly to where Tony and Steve were sitting, Bruce flashing them a mischievous smile. "So, did you boys enjoy the show?"
When he talked to Natasha, she advised him to let it go. Stark was rich, had no idea what to do with as much as he had, so he enjoyed lavishing attention on the people he cared about. And somehow, they had ended up on that list. Which was fine. Steve could accept gracefully. He could pretend it didn't feel like he somehow owed the man for all of the things he was providing everyone, both individually and as a team. But that was as far as it went. For everybody else. An army of robots skittered through his rooms ensuring they were immaculate, day and night. Alright, Stark loved his tech. It was probably only the work of an hour or two to create a better, more intelligent Roomba. This was still fine.
“Good. What else do you need, honey? I know you like it when I grip your pretty little cock. Is that how omegas are treated?”
“That’s right. You just lie there and feel it. Maybe when I’m done, I’ll even let you come. What do you think about that?”
"Alright."
Steve paced restlessly up and down the hallway, unable to bring himself to stray far from Tony’s door. It had already been an hour, and he was still waiting for permission to go in and see the other man. To reassure himself that Tony’s injuries were less than they had appeared during the battle. That he wasn’t going to die and leave Steve adrift in the future with no one to truly care for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The car stopped moving much too soon, and Tony pulled back. He gentled his grip on Steve's wrists before releasing them. He helped him out onto shaky legs and guided him into the elevator and to his own door before slamming him back against it. Tony pressed forward pinning him against the wood with his body. Steve could feel the arousal burning beneath his skin, feel his cock throbbing where Tony's thigh was pressed harshly against it.
“If that’s what you want, sweetheart, then I’m sure I can come up with something. You stay right here.” It was just too easy. Tony went down to the workshop again to retrieve Steve’s cage, one of his custom lubes, and a paddle, before stopping in the kitchen. He chose a large ice pack and brought it back with him to the bedroom. He set everything on the nightstand and sat down beside Steve, rolling him onto his back. “I need to get you back into your cage, but that’s going to be difficult with your cock still hard. So I’m going to take care of it for you, alright?”
"Sounds amazing."
"Come on. I've been thinking about you all day. Being stripped down, waxed smooth, polished up all pretty for me. I think I'd like to play with my sweet little toy for a little while. Would you like that?"
"Thank you, Tony..."
Steve lowered his gaze, peering up at Tony through his lashes. “Yes, alpha.”
"No Tony." Steve shuddered miserably.
“I thought you said…?”
Tony reached beneath him, fiddling with the metal straps that surrounded his balls. When he was done there was a hint of weight pulling on him followed by a vibrator kicking to life. Steve cried out, tried to jerk away from the the sensation but it followed his every movement. There was dull pressure against his hole and inside of him, another vibrator kicked to life against his prostate, the sensation barely registering through the numbness.
He had expected to have to wait for a reply, but the answer was nearly instantaneous.
Loki shook his head. "I believe you might have misunderstood our relationship. We just..."
Steve looked down, studying the pattern around the bottom of the couch. How did Tony always throw him off balance like this? "No. I wasn't going to tell you to stop. Knowing you, that'd just make you go out and buy twice as much." His lips quirked in a half-smile. "No, what I wondered was... I mean, what I wanted to ask you is..." He shook his head frustrated. "Why me, Tony? You don't buy Natasha fancy cocktail dresses, or Clint comic books and nerf guns. You take care of the living expenses and necessities for everyone, and we appreciate it. We do. But I'm the only one you treat-"
Tony nuzzled into the bite mark, licking and sucking at the torn flesh, his hard cock grinding down against Steve’s soft one. He could feel his body move, pressing up to meet each thrust, muscles tightening as he came closer than he could remember to release. Then Tony was pulling back, moving away, and he was left writhing on the bed, unfulfilled need pounding through his body.
“R-really?”
“Just like we did it before?”
Instead he rolled over, pressing closer to the sleeping man's back. Let his presence and the warmth of his skin soothe him. Not quite back to sleep but drifting half awake. Eventually he felt Tony stir against him, heard the quiet sounds of the blankets shifting, but he felt too comfortable and lazy to move.
"Of course. Have to take care of my sweet boy. Even when he's been naughty. Teach him to do better. So, let's see. You ignored my order. Took your orgasm without permission. And what have I told you about taking what's mine?"
"Oh baby, I'm just getting started. I've been looking forward to playing with you all day. Dreaming about this during each and every mind numbing second. You're not getting off that easy. Don't you want to please me?"
"It's okay. Almost done." Steve felt him carefully slip his balls through the tight metal ring, ease the tube over his sensitive cock, felt it twitch against the cool metal making him spasm and shake. The click of the lock snapping into place caused a fresh flood of tears.
Steve moaned softly, leaning into his touch. "Really?"
It made Steve angry, hearing them talk about his alpha like that. Implying that Tony would get drunk or bored and toss Steve aside. It also made him uncomfortable. Nervous. As opposed as he was to the idea of bonding, he still believed it to be for life. He couldn’t imagine getting sent back to the Commission. Branded a failure. Caged up, body longing for his alpha, and handed off to anyone willing to take a previously claimed omega.
“That would be fitting you for a suppression cage.”
Eventually Steve turned his head to the side, giving himself room to speak. “Wait. You said move on in my training. What happens next?”
The problem was that Bucky was tired. Tired and so fucking broken it’d be a miracle if anyone could put him together again. Bucky’s Steve would have understood. A hundred years and a million miles ago. Would have known to offer Bucky softness and comfort. Like after Azzano. But that Steve was gone. And all this Steve wanted was the fight. Didn’t seem to know how to do anything else.
Tony had been gone for over a week, and Steve was ready to climb the walls. He'd gotten used to having the other man there, both to spend time with and to take care of him. Then suddenly he was gone, and there was nothing Steve could do about it. He couldn't ask him not to leave, not when it was for Stark Industries. And he wouldn't let himself become that kind of person. Loving someone should mean never holding them back.
Tony laughed. "Yeah, I probably haven't been much better."
“Well sweetheart? What are you waiting for?” Tony moved across the room, turning one of the chairs, making a show of rearranging it so he had the perfect view of Steve’s predicament before settling in.
Steve carefully draped himself over Tony's lap, allowing the other man to adjust him, leaving his ass propped up, the rest of him hanging down awkwardly. "You've been a very good boy, Steve, but sometimes? I just like to hurt you."
As soon as he began to clench around the plug, it stopped, replaced instead with a hard slap on his ass directly over the plug, pressing it deeper inside of him. Steve moaned, head falling back, rocking into the motion. A rain of blows fell over his ass, down the backs of his thighs, coming back up to strike the plug again and again. He tried to hold still, but kept losing his balance, feet slipping on the floor, his body swinging from the restraints, back into the blows.
"I know you do. Fuck. Do you know what you do to me?" Tony rocked his hips forward against Steve's thigh, letting him feel just how hard he was. "That's what you do to me."
Steve pressed his face into Tony's thigh, overwhelmed, cock throbbing as it tried and failed to get hard in the relentless metal he was trapped in. "Tony... Tony, please."
"Yes. Please. More. Need it. Need you. You... You said. Last night. If I was good for you. You'd..."
“Yeah. I get it.” Tony pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. “I’ll take care of you. You don’t have to worry about anything now. I’ve got you.”
"I missed you too. So much."
“Yes Sir.” The strokes never came harder or faster, Tony took his time leisurely working Steve up to the edge until he thought he would lose his mind. Begging and pleading for more, for relief, fell from his mouth as his desperation ramped up. Terrified that he would stop, and knowing that he would still love it if he did.
A soft whimper fell from Steve’s lips as he clumsily got his knees under him, lifting his hips. He could feel the slick sliding out of him, dripping over his thighs. He’d been soaked since Tony had bit him in medical. He felt hazy, like he was moving underwater.
“Thank you, Tony.”
“Or what, sweetheart? You’ll hurt me?”
"I missed you too. I'm sorry I'm late, but I wanted a present for my beautiful boy."
Steve jerked futilely at the restraints, wracking his brain for the answer, serving only to shift the clamps back and forth, putting more pressure on his nipples. He could feel come oozing from his cage, dripping down over his thighs to join the mess of slick beneath him. His body was on fire, and no answers were forthcoming. “I don’t know! I don’t know! Tony, please!”
It was only a few moments later that he heard the elevator doors open, the sound of rushing footsteps and a frantic voice calling his name. He tried to answer, but he couldn’t stop the rush of tears. Tony found him anyway. He dropped to his knees beside Steve, pulling him into his arms, holding him tight. Steve buried his face in the side of his neck. Evergreen and motor oil. Alpha. Safe.
Steve nodded, distracted by the constant suction around his cock. He felt something cool slide into him, similar to the lube shooter from the commission, only wider. A thick cream oozed into him, filling his passage, a short plug holding it inside after the applicator was removed. He felt it rock inside of him as Tony attached something to the base, and cried out as he came, spilling into the machine still sucking away.
“Hush. You need this. I know it’s hard. It’s going to get a lot worse soon. But I know that you can do this.” Tony stepped back, gaze running thoughtfully over Steve’s body, as though checking for anything he might have missed. “I will be here with you the entire time, sweetheart. And if you need me, you call me. Alright?”
"See? That's better. That's what I like to hear."
Stark reached forward, cupped Bucky’s chin, tilting his head up. “Look at me please.” Bucky silently complied, sliding his eyes up to meet the surprisingly gentle brown ones. “I’ve had panic attacks before. It fucking sucks. You, of all people, probably have more reasons to have one than most. And when someone in my tower, under my protection, is screaming and begging for the pain to stop, I consider that a lot more important than another round of sex. Do you understand?”
Steve slowly released his death grip on the bed frame before turning and curling into Tony’s chest. Strong arms wrapped around him and held him close.
When the vibrations finally stopped, Steve collapsed in his bonds like a puppet who’s string had been cut. He didn’t fight as Tony removed the vibrators from his body. Only whimpered softly when he felt slick fingers stroke inside of him, followed by the cold metal of a plug. It was large and heavy, even before he felt it growing inside of him, stretching him wide and pressing just deep enough to send a bolt of pain through his abused prostate. The plug made a soft metallic sound as it locked in place, stretching him enough to blur the lines of pain and pleasure in his mind. “Tony…?”
Was this a consolation present? Sorry I’m ending things but have your dead friend back? He could feel Bucky watching him concerned. Knew that he heard him sobbing into his pillow at night. There was a dark empty pit inside of him, threatening to swallow him whole.
Tony was quiet, gazing down at his lover's peaceful expression. "You are so amazing."
Tony’s voice finally penetrated the fog surrounding him. “That’s right, sweetheart. Just like that. So good for me. One more time. Just one. Then you can rest.”
Also, anyone who hasn’t seen it yet, VeroCaroline did two art pieces for this story! I love them so much! They’re linked at the end of the work, so if you haven’t yet, please check them out and show her some love!
Another strike landed on his clenching hole, making him howl. Tony continued to lay steady blows against the defenseless area, voice conversational, not showing a hint of strain. “That’s right. It’s whatever I want, whenever I want it. But since you’re special, I won’t demand that you call me Master. I want you to do it of your own free will. And when you finally do? I’ll know you’re mine completely.”
Sob after sob shook his frame. He couldn’t breath. His lungs didn’t want to work. He needed… He needed comfort. Alpha. Tony. “J-JARVIS…?”
"Yeah, I think I'm going to decommission this suit. Even I'm not sure if I can get the slime out of it."
“What if they want the omega for more than just one night?”
Steve was beautiful in his submission, relaxing into himself and seeming at peace for the first time that night. The amount of trust he was giving to Tony was breathtaking. Once he had him more settled, Tony needed to find out more about omegas, what their needs were. And then he’d do his damndest to provide.
Steve shook his head miserably. “No alpha.”
"Yeah."
Loki sighed, sipping at his tea to organize his thoughts. "On Midgard, this sort of thing is an entire subculture, with rules and precautions. Not accepted by mainstream society, but not entirely taboo either. On Asgard, to lie with another man or participate in this sort of play is opening yourself up to disgrace and further mistreatment. I am still accustoming myself to the kindness I am shown by Bruce."
"Shh... Almost done, sweetheart." Steve heard something heavy being set in front of him, before his cock rested against a cool, smooth hollow. "Rock your hips for me, baby."
He lifted the omega into his arms, carried him into the bathroom where a steaming bath waited. They bathed together in silence, neither enjoying the experience, each too lost in their own heads. Dinner was a quiet affair. For once, Tony was at a loss for words. Instead, he thought over what his next move should be. He knew he couldn’t tell Steve about Sunset and Ty. Maybe someday, far in the future, but not now. He’d only take it as a sign of Tony’s weakness. And wasn’t that exactly what it was?
"Trying to get me to hurry up instead of taking my time?"
"Were you listening to me?"
“He was on suppressants for too long, wasn’t he? Not even wet. I’ll take a lube shooter to get him ready. I don’t want to have to wait for drugs. I can work on the problem later.”
Moments later a wave of pulsing green light swept across the ground, pushing the constructs back towards their maker, forming a ring blocking him from view. Then, with a blinding flash, they appeared to burst, leaving a ring of slime on the pavement, surrounding the sorcerer who was bound and gagged on the ground. There was no sign of anyone else.
"It's my pleasure, sweetheart."
Steve found himself hanging on every word, sipping the champagne and drinking in every touch or smile the other man offered. Tony finally guided him to the back of the gallery where a large painting was hanging in the place of honor. It depicted a macabre scene of a Hispanic woman sitting at a table with human legs dripping blood on the floor and surrounded by images of death. Even amid the hopelessness, the woman's gaze was steely and determined.
It took Steve a few minutes to find Tony. He was sitting on the couch, asleep. His head was resting on the back of the couch, feet propped up, one hand trailing towards the floor, his fingertips nearly touching the cement. He still had a tablet resting on his lap. His face was softer, more relaxed when he slept. He looked almost innocent in a way that Steve had never seen before. It made his fingers itch for paper and pencil, and he knew that he would be drawing this moment later. Tony looked soft and touchable. Made Steve realize that he wanted to touch him. He slowly drew closer, fingers reaching out to brush gently against Tony's cheek. Large brown eyes slowly blinked open. "Steve?"
Tony had been working on a new project for the last few weeks. Steve didn’t understand exactly what he was trying to accomplish, but it was consuming a large amount of the genius’ time. He didn’t complain. Simply continued to bring down meals for him and enjoy spending time in the same space. After finishing a sketch of the robots playing catch with spare parts, Steve had settled into the threadbare cushions and drifted off to the sound of Tony’s voice.
"That's right. My sweet boy, letting me treat him nice for a change." The corner of his mouth turned up slightly. "Since I'm usually so very mean to you."
“So polite. I love it.” Tony took a moment to retrieve one of the water bottles he’d left in the room earlier, offering sips to both men. He soothed Steve softly, giving him an encouraging smile, then stroked James’ hair before guiding him back to the chair and settling him into it once more. Tony then made a show of pacing the room, digging through various cabinets and making plenty of noise each time, knowing Steve could see him out of the corner of his eye, ratcheting the anticipation higher. He pocketed a few items, before returning to Steve’s side.
“We don’t want you to leave. I want you to know that. That being said, I also won’t force you to stay. But if you’re trying to get away from Rogers, this is the only place you’ll be able to do that.”
"Tony! Tony, please!"
“No. I don’t… I don’t like it.”
Not giving Steve a moment to recover, he slicked a thin layer of lube over his numb skin and fed him back into the cage. Another soft click was followed by the sensation of the metal tightening snugly around his shrunken cock. He whimpered, knowing the torture that was waiting for him when the effects of the cold had worn off.
It took a few attempts before Steve could coordinate his muscles enough to roll over, arms crossed above his head. He felt Tony's hands glide over his ass and thighs, caressing the skin before they slid away. A hard slap landed on his thigh, followed by more over the skin of his ass. The sting caused his hips to jerk, driving down into the bed, before they jolted up again to receive the next. Air seemed to leave the room, and he could hear himself panting. Over and over again, his skin hot and throbbing beneath the painful strikes. But like the night before, the sensations seemed to twist, turning into pleasure, making him more desperate that he had been before.
“I’m trying. I really am.” Steve dropped his gaze to his plate, teasing banter forgotten.
Tony guided Steve onto his stomach, attaching the restrains to the frame, leaving him immobilized. He tried to keep his breathing calm and even, but couldn’t help shuddering when the plug was pulled from his clenching hole. “How- How bad is it gonna be?”
