Clint opened his mouth to reply, but was cut off by a car horn blasting from down the street.
Clint froze. “
“My apologies. My name is JARVIS. I am Mr. Starks AI. IF there is anything I can assist you with, just let me know.”
“What’s so funny?” Steve asked.
“Yes, it is,” Natasha said with a roll of here eyes.
Delmar White watched at the Avengers exited the viewing room on the other side of the two way mirror.
"I never told you."
“Alright. No doubt you’ve heard by now that our interrogation with the man downstairs was… less than stellar.” A few murmured chuckles resounded in the room. “However. Stark is gonna pull some strings and get us the information we need.”
“Anything yet?”
“The SSR files,” Steve responded. “If you know my real name, then you must know that I used to run with them, correct?” At Fury’s nod, Steve continued. “There were more than enough rumors about the massive wealth of information that they had collected over the years. I can tell you they’re real.”
Steve frowned, and could feel his fingers pinch at his skin. “What I said in the beginning? About the victims?” He shrugged, trying to play it off. “I thought it was nice.”
“Can we focus, please?” Steve interjected. “Listen, Fury, we’re on your side here. We want Pierce and HYDRA gone for good, but Tony’s right. We’ll help you in any way that he can, but not without a price.”
Steve thought again.
“Yea,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “It’s just- I… I,”
Clint finally broke eye contact when Steve walked in, taking a seat next to Tony. Steve nodded to Fury before looking back up at Clint. “What do you got?”
The rest of the ride was silent, Pietro refusing any conversation Tony tried to start. Picking up Wanda was no different, the girl opting to slip into the back seat, hiding behind her long locks.
Pepper snorted. “Oh, you haven’t met him yet? You gentlemen better brace yourselves.”
He forced his way through the crowds faster, not caring for the bodies he pushed out of the way.
It didn’t matter he’d seen Phil alive – because Phil was gone again. Maybe to never be seen again.
There was a little part of Steve that just wanted to run. Take the crew and leave; find a new life, new city, far away from HYDRA and the impending doom that stood before them.
She giggled out a yes and pounced on him.
good. The first day, in that sprawling mansion – no Tony, it’s
Just buy me some time until they all go, please!” Bucky pleaded, tears streaking down his face. “
Of course the cops had shown up,
“Why the fuck are you even here then? Come to rub it in? You snooze you lose, sorry your boyfriend isn’t a fucking celebrity?” Bucky shouted. “I didn’t even know you were alive, asshole, I
“You make me go over there, I will not be held accountable for my actions.”
“Like I said, tracking him down has been a nuisance,” Fury continued. “We’ve tried to piece together a schedule, and routines that he may have had, but there’s nothing. A man of pure chaos, he is. That is, except for one thing, according to what we found on his personal effects. He does the same thing every Saturday at 1:00 PM, and every other Wednesday at 7:00 PM.”
Tony froze. He put the computer to the side, reaching back down into the briefcase.
Tony croaked. “Why didn’t you come back? Why didn’t you come home? They needed you.”
“I know! It’s just…I can’t tell him. Not now. With everything happening, I’m sure Tony wouldn’t like the added knowledge that I’m looking for Bucky behind his back.”
“Can I have one for Christmas?”
“Could be better, could be worse,” Steve shrugged. “He’s in Florida.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why aren’t you with The Captain?”
Tony could laugh. If only his father could see him now. Seconds away from losing his shit on a not-so-dead cop for not being there for his not-so-nuclear family of misfits, only mere feet away from where he had announced the not-so-good news of SI’s most profitable market.
"What about the other one?"
"But no one has made a move on you before. I'm telling you; its HYDRA."
Diving into an alley, Tony slipped in between two dumpsters, trying to catch his breath. Because they were traversing through Manhattan, Tony had some edge on The Captain and his men, knowing these streets a lot better than they did. But that could only get him so far. Besides, if Barton was there, Tony already knew he was screwed.
“It’s leftover night. Get ready for the smorgasbord of the century.”
“Alright, just hang tight, I’m on my way.”
Rogers watched in horror as Natasha unlocked the door to her house. The address where Rogers was supposed to go.
Sam’s face grew grim, the man getting out of the chair slowly to whisper in Hill’s ear. “I thought we were going to wait. He can’t take this right now.”
And that he would. Screw this. Tony would just have to wait until The Captain and his men left, and Tony would leave right behind them. The Captain would forgive him. Probably.
“What?”
"That's not good enough!" Tony roared, fists pounding on the table in front of him. "Our people are dying out there, Obie. Some are already turning in their resignations because they're too scared to come in to work. What kind of company can't even protect its own employees?"
“Steve, I’m fine!”
Sure, he missed the rest of the team like a missing limb, but he wasn’t worried. He’d ask Tony if he could find them later today. He probably already had. Sleeping with one of the world’s most brilliant men had its perks, of course.
Tony shrugged. “I just assumed we’d all be watching the show.”
“Wow, you’re actually back on time. Color me impressed.”
Usually when the team went out on missions, Clint could scrape by with jamming the comm deep into his ear, turning the volume all the way up. But anything could happen in a fight. Clint was always on the move, it doesn’t take much for the comm to shift farther out his ear. Causing him to miss certain things.
Barton froze by where he had stomped over to the door. He turned slowly, eyes wide and piercing.
“Yeah,” Tony responded, looking back down at his phone. “JARVIS has his location locked in, so unless Steve decided to throw this phone into the river, then Steve will definitely be there.”
Barton scoffed. “They told you.”
Natasha couldn’t help the laugh that escaped her chest, the smile on her face wide and carefree. She grabbed the laptop for Tony, making a slight detour to the fridge for the takeout menu. Walking back over, she handed the menu to Steve, curling up on the couch next to Tony, shoving her feet under the man’s leg.
Tony nodded, following the man out the back and over to one of their collective cars. “You sure about this?” Clint asked as he hopped into the driver’s seat, ignoring Tony’s protest. “We’re supposed to wait for our handlers here for them to come collect us. Something tells me they won’t be too happy when they see we’ve flown the coop.”
Steve smiled.
But none of that mattered right now. There was a much bigger issue to deal with. And if what Barnes said was true, it’s going to be a lot harder to slip out for the day.
Steve gasped.
He heard Hill give a countdown on her radio and then Campbell burst through the door, gun raised. They were met with silence. “Clear,” Campbell whispered, but Steve didn’t move. Something wasn’t right. Before he could say anything, gunfire crackled across the building, where Hill was entering with her team. He could see Campbell startle, ready to charge in, but gunfire rained down on him as well, the man hitting the floor, dead.
The sun beat down on his back like an old, forgotten friend. Sure, New York had its fair share of harsh summers, but down here, the sun was a different beast entirely. He strolled down the street, smiling as he passed the screaming children roughhousing in their front yard. The walk home from work was long, but Sam never took the car. As routine as the route was, there was something about it that never bored him. Maybe it was hearing the children playing every day, maybe it was the smell of freshly cut grass, or even the Sun heating his skin.
When the elevator slowed to its destination, Natasha plastered herself against a wall. The doors opened, but no shots went off. Taking a risk, she peeked out. The entryway was clear, well, of anything living. She looked down at the two bodies that lay on the floor, wondering if they were regular officers or HYDRA moles.
“Well, Steven, this is an office. I know you’re not used to a normal line of work, but this is usually where people go to do their job.”
“Tony.”
“Fury said the only way he could get us together is in gen-pop. And we figured waiting this out alone would be better than all of us behind bars,” Tony interrupted.
“Sam,” Steve breathed, flopping down into his chair.
“I know exactly who you are, Mr. Stark.” The man walked towards Tony, stopping under the overhead light.
Unless.
He wasn’t wrong. It was if the small town of Casey was set upon collecting as may world records as they possibly could.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Come on, use your words.”
Bucky sped through a red light, nearly getting the pair in two different accidents, but they pulled away just in time, Bucky pressing harder on the gas. Clint saw the police station ahead, tumbling out of the car once Bucky had slowed down enough. “Phil?”
Tony tried to shrug nonchalantly. “Maybe he’s putting a new spin on things. Why should I do anything about it?”
Steve thought, even though his body disagreed, shuffling over to the side to let Fury in the threshold. The man glanced over his apartment silently. What in the hell did the FBI want with him?
It was often overlooked by others, Steve included, how brilliant Tony was. When he was younger and working for the SSR, he had always been awed be Howard's intelligence. Steve could see now that he wouldn't be able to even hold a candle to Tony. Watching the man dart around the lab, performing a dance that only he knew was breathtaking; Steve found himself with him sketchbook in his lap more than once. It was there he started to notice that Tony actually
“Then what the hell was that,” Clint snapped back.
“Not really clearing this up for me, Buck.”
“Yes, but he wasn’t the real problem. The Mandarin was created to be a smoke screen, a distraction to cover up the continued distribution of a biological weapon.”
“The only thing you are is obsolete,” replied Stane, heading back to the door. “Good day, Chief.” And with that, he slammed the door behind him.
She laughed quietly. Someone must have had the audacity to knock on her neighbor’s door. Without anything better to do, Natasha tiptoed over to her door, hoping for a good show.
"But it was some of your followers, wasn't it?" Pierce asked. "It wasn't either of us, so it had to have been you who put out the personal hit."
As you've probably noticed, I've been hinting at both Tony and Steve's past. As the story continues, expect more about Howard's parenting style as well as Steve's first encounter with HYDRA. And of course I'll be throwing in the added bonus of how Howard connects with Steve. So be prepared.
“Take a seat, son.”
Steve frowned, tugging a plug to bend inward when he saw it sticking up from the wrapped wires. Maybe Clint had a point.
Sometimes it was an option.
“No, you won’t,” Natasha confirmed. “Because you are already better. Because every time you fall, you get back up again.” She smiled softly. “Because every time you try, you don’t try to dance better than others. Every time you try to dance better than yourself.”
Just get away from me before I leave
Clint watched Natasha leave to find Rhodes, and Steve place a lasting kiss to Tony’s lips before the genius followed out the door as well.
They are living among us. Average citizens, average heroes. Quietly and anonymously continuing to make the world a better place.
she decided.
“It’s because it’s a code,” answered Tony, walking over to the sign. “Back during the prohibition, discretion was key. People relied on codes and passwords to figure out where the speakeasies were located and when to go.”
“Buck- ”
Bucky grinned. “I got good news, Cap. Christmas came early, and we got you one hell of a present.”
Natasha, bless her heart, knew to stay silent as the minutes stretched on, allowing Steve to stew quietly. However, it wasn’t long before he felt his phone buzzing constantly against his leg in his pants pocket. He grit his teeth, knuckles whitening as he tightened his grip on the steering wheel. He didn’t have time to explain everything to Sam; Tony would take care of it. His mind was too tunnel-visioned, running theory after theory as to how someone, most likely HYDRA, finally got their hands on secrets he’d been hiding all those years. As the buzzing persisted, Steve huffed angrily, reaching into his pocket long enough to silence his phone.
Silence echoed throughout the room. “I’m sorry, what did you say?” asked Clint.
“It wasn’t until she decided to leave that they realized that they didn't want her to go. That it wasn’t just Peter they needed.”
He walked inside, and saw the younger version of himself sitting at his usual booth. Looking down, he could see blood covered gauze covering his arm.
“Yeah,” Steve panted. “Why, what’s wrong?”
“You don’t have to do that,” Steve said quietly. “I know who it is.”
that people like him used to do, and call for the supers to return. That one day that he could pull out the shield again. That one day he’d see a familiar suit gleam in the sky as it rocketed by.
No, of course not. These people didn’t mean anything to him. They weren’t his friends. Especially not their boss.
Just as soon as it started, the shower was stopped, Steve padding his feet against the tiles grab from the mound of fluffy towels, scrubbing his hair before wrapping it around his waist.
Coulson frowned slightly. “How many times do I have to tell you, Mr. Stark? I am not a part of some secret spy agency; I’m just a principal.”
“You didn’t come to bed last night,” Steve said casually. Although Tony could lie as easy as breathing, Steve had found that getting him in a more comfortable state, with his walls down, he could catch Tony in the act. It was a dirty tactic, he knew, but Steve was starting to get worried. The amount of times he’d gone to bed and woken up without Tony between him and Bucky were starting to add up.
“Fury just got here. He wants all of you to meet with him,” replied Sam.
Barnes nodded. “Your father was an asshole.”
A scream.
Tony stepped off the elevator and through the front door, breathing in the fresh air. God, he needed Rhodey; someone to sit and think with him, someone to keep him grounded. But Rhodey was redeployed, and although Tony had got in contact with him yesterday about digging up dirt on Rumlow, Tony’s heart ached for his old friend. Pepper of course was still dealing with Happy and the car bomb, not to mention trying to keep Obie off his back as much as possible. Besides, he could only get so far when talking to an AI he created.
Steve huffed out a deep breath. “That’s good to hear. You had me worried a few times. Wasn’t sure I passed your first date standards.”
promise?”
Before he would make a move to escape the ball exploded, the surge to powerful to be contained. Tony was flung back, the blast of the explosion flinging him into the nearest wall. His head handed against the plaster with a crack, and everything went dark.
Pierce’s voice was hard, cold even. Of course, that was to be expected considering he just found out that one of his partners was going to stab him in the back.
The rest of the team voiced their consent, Natasha’s eyes bright with amusement, Bruce shaking his head fondly. Clint leaned across the table and glowered at Bucky.
“I’m still not following,” Tony answered. “Is this the part where you kill me?”
“Do you have an actual reason for calling, Stark?” Natasha interrupted.
Before Steve could respond Tony jolted forward, catching his lips in an embrace for the final time. Unrestrained desperation tainted each kiss, each breath, and Tony could barely feel his fingers locking around Steve’s neck over the gripping hold that permeated around his hips.
Tony jumped, immediately flustering. “Oh, right. Um, this is, Captain, um- ”
“What now?”
Tony found himself grinning.
He could feel his heart screaming for release, his movements slowing, like the paralysis kicking back in. He could see his salvation mocking him from across the room. It was over. He knew it, his body sure as hell did. All he could do now was sit back and watch his last failure, thinking of memories of Steve.
“They have headed to their respective quarters. Would you like to retire as well?”
Tony ripped off his own jacket, placing it over the mob boss. “Steve?” he tried. “Steve? Can you hear me?”
This was hell.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Oh don’t be so dramatic.”
“My help?”
That night could be seen as both an ending and a beginning. The beginning of Steve Rogers, and the end of Anthony, Howard’s perfect little boy.
came the tinny response in Steve’s ear.
Steve felt his blood run cold. “What are you talking about?”
“If you’re going to sit there and insult the sanctity of the American cheeseburger, then you can get the hell out,” Tony snapped.
“As if a snake like you couldn’t figure it out,” Clint returned.
“So, I guess it doesn’t really matter who took them. In any scenario, it’s not going to end well.”
“Do you know where Tony is?” Bucky asked.
Pepper gave him a long glance. “You’re serious about him,” she said matter-of-factly. “I can tell that he really loves you.”
Loki wheezed out a laugh. “He’s involving too many people. It won’t be long until Pierce finds himself dead by his so called friends.”
They were in the heat of battle with there latest HYDRA thugs putting up quite a fight.
Barton walked back up to him, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Hail HYDRA, right buddy? Of course, my HYDRA stands for ‘Hope Your Day’s Ruined, Asshole.’ So thanks for the little chat. But you should know. With the stuff you told me? Your day is only going to get worse.” Barton gave him one last wink before agents were pulling Delmar to his new cell.
The man, who at this point was a few deep breaths from choking on his own blood managed to give a slight jerk for a nod.
A few old offices filled up the rest of the space of the main floor, minus the locker room sized bathroom, which The Commandos had changed into a few bedrooms. They weren’t anyone’s in particular; most of the crew had homes of their own, so the few beds at base were just claimed by whoever ended up there a little too late to be walking home. The bedrooms were cramped and sparse, looking like they belonged more in the Great Depression than in the current century. There were no bed frames, just a few hard mattresses strewn across the ground, covered in nonmatching quilts and old pillows. Alongside the beds was a simple lamp of two, maybe a book or a pair of socks left behind from a previous inhabitant. There was either a dresser of wardrobe, filled with extra clothing of the team. It didn’t matter who it originally belonged too; they all ended up sharing clothes at one point. Natasha once bought a few cheesy pictures in hopes to brighten up the rooms, but they just ended up being used as dartboards.
-------------------------
Steve stared into Tony’s eyes. Yea, he could do that. Tony was worth it.
he thought as he surveyed his work. The bolt was half hanging off the wall already; a few more stabs with the knife and he’d be good to go. Loki rolled up his sleeves before getting to work.
Steve sat down on her other side, a strong arm tugging her to lay against his chest as it wrapped around her shoulders. “They sell a pizza here called
“Don’t worry about me,” Steve said gruffly.
“Delete,” Tony snapped. He didn’t want to hear about that. He
“Fine. Why are you here?” Steve asked, not missing a beat.
“Steve!”
Tony gaped at the other man. “Wait, Fury? Eyepatch wearing, trench coat having, Fury?”
Suddenly a claw was in his chest, ripping at the sides of the arc reactor. Tony gasped, begging his arms to move, to do anything, but he was frozen, stuck to watch his mentor pull his heart for his chest. “Would you look at that?” Stane smiled. “You’ve really outdone yourself, boy. It’s beautiful.”
Steve shot him an unimpressed look. “Why is it there?”
Clint sprang into action. He hopped the police barricade, running towards the building.
“Is this about HYDRA? Did you hear anything else? I thought you were going to find an outside source,” alleged Natasha.
Dear Lord in heaven he hoped not. He knew that he shouldn’t have let Clint get that soundboard. He thought it was hilarious, adding in ridiculous, and mostly mocking, sounds as they recorded. The last thing they needed was Fury slapping a copyright infringement in his lap and a hefty fine to go with it.
The show was targeted towards veterans, who seemed to be a majority of their listeners anyway. There was never really an agenda, just Steve and his friends crowded around the microphones, explaining the struggles of living life after war. How hard it was to sleep on a soft bed sometimes, how spilled wine smells like copper, how the flash of a camera or the boom of a firework could send someone spiraling.
A soft thud; a kitchen cabinet closing. Feet shuffled on the tiles before a familiar mop of blonde hair popped around the door jam. “Could you give us a little longer?” Steve asked. “I just put a pot of coffee on.”
Steve shot him an unimpressed glare. “Are you done?”
Tony paused. “What did they do?” Clint’s voice was hoarse.
Rumlow glared at him, before raising the gun to Steve’s temple. Steve looked back unimpressed, causing Rumlow to laugh, standing back up.
The Captain huffed, but tightened his hold on Tony's suit. "Now you listen to- "
Steve risked a glance over at his friend and stared into his knowing eyes. Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Bucky cut him off. “I don’t want to hear it,” he quipped, dashing towards the door. “You can’t yell at me if I’m not here.” And with that he gave Steve a final smile, blew him a kiss, and headed out the door.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said suddenly. “I just, I know that, uh… I’ll fix it. I promise.”
Ice poured into his veins, the world coming to a screeching halt.
Like D.C., it wasn’t long before he got noticed, but Sam didn’t care anymore. Didn’t care as he was followed into an alley, didn’t care when the four men jumped him. Didn’t care as they bruised his face and cracked his ribs. Only thing he did end up caring about was what happened right after.
Tony was cut off by a icy pain in his lower gut. Gasping out, he clutched at his stomach immediately, whimpering as he heard his hands squelch over blood that was already pouring steadily from the wound.
Steve lowered his shield. Just then, his target showed up. Startling, Steve stared at the man in front of him. Quickly raising his shield, he flung it, hitting the target square in the chest. A simple thud and it was over.
“I’m not a babysitter, Steve!" his friend growled. "If you think for one second that I’m staying here and letting you go off on your own, you’ve got another thing coming.”
“Fine then. Go talk to that one,” Steve snapped, nodding over to the wall that was covered in –
Rhodes shook his head, taking a seat next to Steve.
But that left Pierce with a problem. He had been the only one to know of The Captain’s real identity:
“Steve, you came busting into everyone’s room at 5 AM on a Sunday saying you needed to dig through our closets for junk,” Tony countered.
Steve stood back up, reaching down a hand to yank Stark up as well. Looking around the carnage in the room, Steve knew they had managed to pull out a victory.
glad that it worked out for
The walk down the stairs was slow, the strong wind wanting to topple the trio over. They slowed when they reached the glass door, barring their entrance. Steve pulled away from his anchors, limping over to the glass.
Bucky gave a final glance to the duffle in the corner of his closet before turning the light off and shutting the door. He paused, standing in the stillness of the condo before shaking his head. There was no need to delay the inevitable. He knew where he was going to end up.
“And there it is again,” Bucky scoffed. “This game of chess that you insist on playing with everyone, this deflecting? It’s fuckin’ ridiculous.”
"Wanna do me a favor?"
“What are you talking abo- ”
Stane frowned. "Cut the shit. Don’t act like this is going to be a common occurrence.”
“Tony, we’ve been stuck in the car for days,” Steve cut him off. “And I do understand the pressure we’re under here, but I have every faith that if something was even remotely close to going wrong, you would have let me know. I just,” he sighed again. “I just thought that we should take some time for ourselves, is all. We’ve been running ourselves into the ground; we deserve a night off.”
“This isn’t over,” Tony hissed before stomping into Steve’s office and slamming the door.
She squeezed him tighter in response. “Steve.”
Coulson only responded with a shaky breath, but Tony could still see the blatant relief in his eyes.
Clint nodded, already breaking away towards the elevator. The descent into the labs was a short one, but Clint knew that there wouldn’t be any amount of time to prep for what he was walking into.
Tony rubbed at his forehead. “Hey, no shouting at the table. Steve!” he called, hoping his husband the constable would make an appearance.
Tony groaned, and stomped out the car like a petulant child, closing the door with a slam. “I can’t believe I’m doing this.”
“What are you talking about?”
Instead of another teasing remark, Steve leaned down and kissed him soundly. “Can’t help it,” he said as he pulled away. “The way you feel, the sounds you’re making? God, it’s incredible.”
“Nothing.” His answer was strangled, his voice hoarse as he watched Pepper reach back into his chest with the new reactor. His heart clenched again, and Tony grit his teeth.
“You’re too close!”
“Tony!”
HYDRA was up to something, he just couldn’t figure it out. There were never overpowering numbers when they got there. No close calls, no explosions, no hostage situations. The attacks were less coordinated, sloppy even, and so unlike HYDRA’s usual M.O. It was driving Steve insane.
A familiar figure danced into his view, Bucky’s hands making quick work of the zip ties.
Tony’s breath stuttered, his brain coming to a screeching halt.
He could fix this. Clint wasn’t going to fail anyone again.
Maybe this was what death felt like.
“Am I? You know how Stark has operated in the past. How is now any different? Understand this, Captain. Sometimes you must lose a battle to win the war. You always knew you needed Stark, you just didn’t know in what way.”
This was not good news. By claiming the information fell into his lap via USB, that meant that Pierce could manufacture a fake, and tailor it as he’d liked. The SSR had compiled years’ worth of date on HYDRA; Pierce’s name was bound to have popped up somewhere in there. No way he could let that type of information be leaked to the public; all of his work would have been for nothing.
Sam gaped at him. “You’re kidding me, right?”
This was all his fault.
Bucky furrowed his brow. “Then what’s with all the commotion?”
Steve grinned. “Yup. Who thought that was a good idea?”
He heard Tony flop next to him, the man’s presence still a complete shock. Steve held him in sight, afraid that if he looked away for too long, the engineer would disappear again. It wasn’t long before the seats were filled; all but one. Steve frowned, looking to the vacant seat at his right. His heart rate skyrocketed unconsciously, his body tensing as he tried to jump into action.
“Now, look,” Tony explained. “I will be gone for two hours at most. If I’m not back by then, I give you pull permission to send Kujo after me,” he said with a nod towards Barnes. “Just let me go, Steve. I promise, I’ll be fine.”
“So?”
he said to himself.
“Now, I’ve held up the end of my bargain with this gift. I’ll expect mine to come shortly.”
“Buck, come on,” Steve tried to interject, slapping at his friend's firm grip.
He stopped when the woman was staring at him with side eyes, obviously confused. Steve groaned, tapping the pad wildly, miming writing with his other hand. “Norma Wilcox,” he said again. “On the third floor, but I can’t. I also
“We’ve been at the same safe house,” Steve shrugged, a light flush dusting his cheeks.
“Oh my God.”
“Come on.” With another tug, he spurred Steve farther to the rear of the club, finally reaching the Loopers headquarters. Outside the office door, other Loopers were standing around, trying to listen to the conversation on the other side of the door.
flashed through his mind. Pepper’s gift, his first reactor. It was still usable. And currently sitting in his workshop downstairs. Adrenaline coursed through his body as his leg twitched, the paralysis wearing off. He was overzealous of course, desperation getting the better of him, and ended up on the floor. He crawled, slowly and painfully through the main room and back through the kitchen, a rusted over machine trying to get back in rhythm. He let his body fall down the stairs, reveling in the pain to distract him from his failing heart. He let out another cry as he pushed his body into the lab.
Clint felt Phil stiffen in his arms. “HYDRA? I thought that- ”
The Captain smiled down at him. “Did he talk?”
Fury sat back down in the chair next to Phil. “I looked him up, and oddly enough, the only Louis Ronin I could find in New York, which is where you vaguely answered that he resided, was a twelve year old kid. So it wasn’t a real name. But whose fake name was it? A quick search through the criminal database and I found him. Clint Barton. Ten years ago he used the same name to check into a hotel before robbing the place blind.”
Steve pinched his nose with his fingers. “No.”
“He’s a baby, Steve! One meal is not going to define his life!”
Steve’s heart soared, blood pumping wildly through his veins. “We’ve gotta find him, Sam. He probably needs medical and- ”
“Well look who decided to show up.” Rumlow stepped out of the shadows walking up to Barnes’s stump of a body. Putting his gun against Barnes’s temple, he fired.
“Oh my God,” Bucky whispered, gasping when the rubble started to let out tiny squeaks, three pairs of eyes looking back at theirs. “Kittens?”
He shut the driver side door only to watch it pop back out, the door not able to close correctly because of his new addition to the metal work. Steve kept trying to shut it, each time using more and more force until he finally growled, slamming the door shut.
“Listen, he never hinted once that he would turn me in. I don’t think he’s gonna do it. If you go back over there and provoke him, he’ll turn on us.”
The Captain scanned the room, eyeing a small service entrance. "This isn't over," he hissed, already heading towards the door.
Delmar was just a foot soldier; he didn’t know much. But then Washington happened. He knew that they were trying to make a move against SHIELD, but he had no idea how far up the food chain they actually were. But Captain America had prevailed. HYDRA talked of reform, talked about Plan B.
Barton led them to a fire exit, and sprinted down to the garage. Apparently Barton planned for everything because he was pulled out a pair of keys, and Delmar soon found himself in a car, racing out of headquarters.
“Clint, I wouldn’t be asking if it wasn’t serious. When I mentioned them to Stark, even he seemed worried. All I need you to do is ask if he’s heard anything.”
“AI?”
The terror in her eyes was mirrored in Steve as they looked back at Tony. His hands were thrust into the air, eyes burning like fire, screaming at the top of his lungs.
The smaller man relented, walking towards the stairs like a kid walking to the principal’s office. Steve stopped to give a final glance to Bucky, and man worrying his hands together, distressed eyes watching Clint’s retreating figure.
“You’re staying with Ward,” Fury replied, pointing to the other man in the room.
When answered with silence, he looked down. “Ah, shit.” A falling rod had been really lucky; it had pierced right through the arc reactor’s casing and shorted out the suit. Which meant no more FRIDAY and a whole bunch of dead weight.
Barton barked out a laugh. “Yeah, well, I’m just some kid from Iowa. Definitely not the brightest bulb there is.”
“Hill. Step away from him.”
“Oh my god, Mr. Stark! I’m so sorry!”
“Witnesses,” Natasha corrected. “All evidence points to the shooter fleeing from the scene after the hitting up the lab. We’re hoping that someone saw him.”
The rest of the Loopers cheered, hugging Sam, and pulling him back to towards the club. Steve followed dutifully.
you. I let it happen. I could’ve stopped you, but I was just trying so damn hard. Trying so hard to fix things that I couldn’t see I was breaking them even more.”
Stark gave a snort. “Please. If you didn’t think that this was how it was going to end, then you were fooling yourself.”
The door opened again, startling the other two men. Through the door walked Obadiah Stane. He shut his cell phone and grinned sharply. “I’d like to think so. Gentlemen? Let’s talk.”
“Steve, you in here?”
Barnes didn’t seem to hear him. The other brunette’s eyes fluttered shut again with another moaned
“You too, Stark,” he answered, holding in his laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve bristled, his jaw clenching. This doesn’t change anything. Sure, Hill threw a wrench in things and pushed everything ahead of schedule, but Steve was an idiot if he thought that he would be getting out of here without being clapped in handcuffs. But that was the plan that he and Tony decided on – wearing the handcuffs so no one else would have.
Natasha smiled softly, squeezing Bruce’s hand back.
“We need to make them pay, Steve.”
Steve leaned forward, squinting at the thread count. He couldn’t remember, was more or less better?
“He’s gone, isn’t he?”
“You look like shit,” Bucky grated, his voice harsh from the fire.
Steve hummed, playing with the ends of Tony’s hair. “I’d find a way to get to you.”
Steve stepped over the other bodies with disinterest, looking at the other men standing in front of Hammer. “If you tell me who you work for, I’ll let you leave.”
Opening the passenger side door, Steve shoved the kid out onto the sidewalk. “Go home Schmidt,” he said shortly before tearing away to find the bus robber. He could hear the kid shout back to him, but Steve pressed on. The police had created a perimeter after the bus robbery, so there were only a few square blocks for the crook to have gone.
“Hammer, you’re overthinking it. The only reason we held a connection with Pierce was because he was the only one who knew The Captain’s real identity. But now we do too!" he laughed excitedly. "I’ve actually met the man, so I can confirm Stark’s files as true. We don’t
“I’m not gonna give her up. I’m gonna save her.” With that Rogers leaned over, and smacked Steve’s head on the counter. “You called them here, didn’t you?!” Looking outside, Rogers could see some SHIELD agents head towards the diner. Rogers pulled Steve up, throwing him to the floor. In the tussle, Steve managed to rip part of the map from Rogers. Rogers kicked at him again while firing at the SHIELD agents entering the diner. “Hop a train, get out of here! I need you alive!”
“I know what you’re gonna say,” Tony interrupted. “And yes, I did not receive anywhere close to the amount of treatments that they got. So no, I’m nowhere near the level or breathing fire or making Johnny Storm look like a parlor trick, but it’s still in me, Steve. No matter how little I have, I still
“So could you,” Steve countered, thinking about the dark bags under his lover’s eyes.
Steve had spent most of his life in New York City, but never once had he cursed traffic as much as this. Each time Tony stepped on the brakes to slow the car to a stop, Steve itched to jump out and run away. Each minute ticked by, mocking him silently. Not only because it seemed to move slower, but also because he wasn’t sure how much longer they had, because he had no idea where they were going.
Turning completely, Tony was met with a pair of familiar steely blue eyes along with a small smirk, the man completely as ease in full military dress.
“I have a feeling it’s going to be a good day.”
“Oh, no,” snapped Steve, throwing the box right in the trash. “I’m not falling for that shit again. I remember what happened last time.”
“Because he told me,” Steve answered gently, a small smile slipping on to his face. “Just like he told me of all the times he tried to get you to quit, although he prays that you’ll never leave because he loves you. He told me that the one time that he saw you out of heels he actually called a physician because he thought you were sick. He even told me that how no matter how far technology has come, you will always hand write your reminders and appointments because it helps you remember better.”
“No,” Bucky snapped. “You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to sit back and yell at me for doing stupid shit when you’re doing the exact same thing! People keep looking at me for answers, Steve, but I don’t know what to tell them! I don’t know how to handle you because you were never like this last time. You want to know why? Because everyone was already dead. Now that we’re all still here and kicking, you’re worried that you can still fuck it up.”
“Something tells me that knowing they’re alive but finding yourself unable to ever get to them would be worse,” Coulson finished.
This was bad.
“What do I do, Steve?” Bucky gazed at Steve with hopeful eyes. “You’re the only friend I got, Steve. You gotta help me.”
“What about Phil?” Clint’s voice was small, the man afraid to even ask about his boyfriend’s face.
“Like I care what that old fool thinks.”
Tony sighed, eyes sweeping the room idly, trying not to think of the ropes rubbing along his wrists. The water dripping from ceiling pipe echoed loudly through the silent room. Tony narrowed his eyes at it, as if daring the water to leak out again.
But it never came. One day turned to two, to three, to weeks. His days had been filled with nothing but Tony, healing with him, smiling with him, laughing with him. Living with him.
Tony raised an eyebrow, shooting Obie his most unimpressed stare. “And that something more is dealing under the table with Manhattan mobs?”
Steve gaped up at the other man, pieces clicking into place. “Is that so?” he grinned.
“How’s Hogan?”
Steve’s eyes snapped open, locking onto Tony’s slim frame, leaning against a door frame, small smile adorning his face.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “One that I thought I never wanted. But somehow I can still dream about it with you.”
“What the hell is that?” he heard Rhodey say.
“You’re sure?” Steve asked at Natasha, stiffening as she nodded.
“I would ask how you were doing,” Tony started. “But I think I can make my own deductions.”
“But if The Captain tipped them off, then that means that- ”
Clint walked towards the door, stopping when be heard Fury call back to him. “Oh, and Barton? The next time you even think about taking an unplanned vacation- ”
Honestly, this place blows.”
“It’s
He heard Steve sigh. “Deal,” came his muted response. A long pause. “I’m sorry.”
This time it was Tony who snorted. “That was Howard, for you.” He turned to look at the other man. “You remembered that?”
“That’s the thing,” Fury continued. “They didn’t. It seems as if they swooped in, shot you, and then left.”
“What do you have for me, Ward?”
Steve smiled, open and genuine. He remembered the last real conversation he’d had with him, before everything happened. Steve pulling him into his office to tell him that Phil was still alive. He’d been so mad at Steve, at Tony, at the fucking world. He’d screamed and cried and clawed and kicked. And Steve just sat there and took it like he was his own personal punching bag.
“Garage is empty,” Rhodes finalized.
is a bonus podcast the group puts out every two weeks – on top of the weekly
“Yes, you can. But Tony Stark doesn’t have friends. So what would he be doing with a cop like you?” When Phil didn’t answer, Fury continued. “I’m sure you know all about Stark’s recent entanglement with the mob community, namely The Commandos.”
“Don’t be an ass, Hill,” Fury sighed. “If anything, I’m taking a few problems out of your lap. Now, let’s quit the chit-chat. We’ve got work to do. Let’s load up.”
“Oh, so I saved your life, and now that makes me weak?”
And then a body was stepping into frame.
Steve shook his head. “Prison would have given me something to blame, you know? A reason why I couldn’t see my family every day. But this, walking around free, but alone? The only thing stopping us from seeing each other
Tony ended his call and sauntered back over to Steve, not stopping until his face was pushed into Steve’s firm chest. Steve immediately brought his arms around the smaller man, bending down to breathe in Tony’s scent.
“You caught me,” Steve said with a roll of his eyes, tugging Tony back down to lean across his chest. Silence descended between the pair, the quiet only broke by the crackle of the dimming fire, and an owl sounding from deep in the woods.
Bucky was right. He
Tony, upon hearing Barnes in the gym, just dropped the sketches, not realizing they must have fallen in the briefcase. When he was getting ready to run, he didn’t even have time to check when he snapped the briefcase shut. He was in too much of a hurry.
“How’d the call go?”
Loki had taken something from the office. The other half of the photo. A certain photo of a smiling Clint, leaning into Phil’s side. Loki had ripped Phil right out of the picture.
"Let him go and maybe I'll tell you." It was out of his mouth before he could think better of it.
“If we’re being technical, you’re the boss and this is my house,” Tony responded sourly.
“Ready?” Clint jogged over to him, bow draped across his shoulder, firearms strapped to his sides.
“What the hell, Steve,” snapped Natasha. “We could have used them for information!”
Steve almost wished that Tony wasn't as smart as he was; turns out Tony being the best and the brightest on multiple subjects was causing them nothing but problems.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I don’t have anything more to say on the matter.” Tony started to walk away, but The Captain grabbed his arm in a tight grip.
Steve gripped at Tony tighter, pushing his hips up into Tony. This time it was Tony who through his head back in ecstasy, grinding back down shamelessly.
Tony froze at the subject change. Barnes snorted. “Please, like you would stop looking for them even after you left. I’m not stupid. Let me guess, you’ve found jack shit.” At Tony’s scowl, the man continued. “That’s alright, we haven’t gotten too far either. Stevie usually kills them before they step through the door.”
“If that’s how you want to play this,” Pierce sighed. Back to foes, it was.
Blasted hateful messages and inside scoops across the internet. Leaked photos, wrote op-eds, spread rumors like a wildfire. It was like he was a modern Martin Luther, nailing his truth on the church doors for the whole world to see.
Thor’s voice asked in Tony’s ears.
“You got a better idea? I’m trying to save your life, asshole. Now, come on.” Barton grabbed him, pulling him out of the room. The hallway was empty, but Loki could still hear the sounds of the other mob members in the distance. He watched as Clint Barton slammed through the door, taking the steps two at a time.
“No,” Bucky countered. “We’re not going to be the ones to tell Steve. Stark is.”
like this. He knew he couldn't head into the flames - as much as he wanted to yell fuck it and do it anyway. What good would that do? It would only just end up killing him. Although, given the current predicament, he might as well be dead anyway. It had taken him so long to find his family; there was no life worth living without them.
he wanted to yell at his hardened employer. “In Manhattan? What the hell was he doing here?” Pierce looked back at the other man. “Surely he couldn’t have caught wind of our plans.”
He knew it was impossible to avoid working with The Commandos in this fight against HYDRA, but The Captain had usually distanced himself from the rest of the crew. And Tony had been more than fine with it; he stayed on his side, they stayed on theirs. But this, sitting at their table, sleeping under their roof? No wonder Barnes is getting volatile. To them, Tony was still an outsider, an unknown variable that was yet to be determined as friend or foe. It seemed that they were only going on the word of The Captain - which, to be honest, could mean anything, as Tony wasn't exactly sure where they stood either.
Clint still didn’t respond, until a broken moan escaped his lips when he felt Tony’s strong pulse under his finger. Without even bothering to stop his tears, Clint dropped his head on top of Tony’s suit and began to cry.
“I didn’t realize you were on a time crunch.”
“That him?” Bucky asked quietly.
“You don’t have to go in if you don’t want to,” said Steve.
Barnes’ hands twitched again, an unconscious reach for a gun to soothe him. Tony wondered what he was thinking about. Not surprising; he could almost never get a read on Steve’s stone-faced friend.
“I’m sorry,” Yinsen whispered to him, but Tony could barely hear over the roaring in his ears.
Clint crinkled his nose. “Since when do you autopsy?”
A dark look passed over Bucky’s face. “He’s never here.”
Natasha raised a single eyebrow, as if daring him to say something. Steve shook his head, leaning back over the coffee table to straighten up the aftermath of lunch.
Tony frowned, sitting up to face Steve. “It’s not that I didn’t trust you guys,” he sighed, looking down at his hands in his lap. “It’s just, things we’re going so well,” he smiled. “I didn’t want to ruin anything.”
“Because you lied to me,” Stane hissed.
tell me you didn’t- ”
Tony’s not an idiot. Mafias are waiting at every turn in New York, and Tony’s skill set always makes him a target.
It was by accident that he even saw –
Tony huffed, his eyes still raking over Pepper, looking for injuries. Finally satisfied, he sighed. “Alright, then. Let’s take care of this.”
Tony could only assume that he wanted his weapons, or maybe even his information. Sure, The Captain and his Commandos had done the city a service by getting rid of Schmidt’s people, but Tony wasn’t about to throw the man a parade.
he tried to reason with himself.
Steve shrugged. “Wouldn’t be the worst thing to happen.”
Steve’s blood froze as he look up to see a figure at the edge of the adjacent building.
Obie grinned. “I do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She was driven,
So, if I remember my thermodynamics class correctly, water in the gas tank disrupts the combustion process, and with the added sugar, I believe it can cause an engine to stall.
That’s what made Tony so powerful, how he knew that he was Iron Man. Tony’s TK was special, his mind able to control metal, use it to advantage, even the tiniest of scraps. There were pieces of metal in almost anything, including the human body.
“Oh, thank God. Seriously, a hot piece of ass like you, wasted on Hammer? It would have been a tragedy.”
Steve smiled softly, taking a washcloth of the side table, dabbing it over the sleeping man’s face. Even if Bruce could convince Steve to lay down, Steve knew it would be years before he would sleep again, even knowing that Tony was finally safe.
“Steve?! Steve, come on, open your eyes.
Steve looked down at his hands. “I know this isn’t last time,” he whispered.
Steve watched as Stark rolled his eyes, and turned back to the main group. Tony surveyed each of them, before locking eyes with Steve. Steve saw him freeze and take a small step back. But he recovered quickly, flashing another plastic smile. “Well, welcome home, I guess. I’ll give you the nickel tour, but then I’m out of here. I’m hoping you all will be able to entertain yourselves.”
“Well, Sir, it’s not exactly- ”
the voice over the phone said.
“We have to get to Clint,” snapped Bucky, writhing against Steve.
Natasha said nothing. “I think I just killed my best friend for some silver tonight,” he whispered, a few tears staining his face. He curled into a tight ball on the club’s bed, away from Natasha.
“I want you to tell me the truth, Officer Coulson.”
Steve shot the other man a dirty look. “What do you want?”
Clint automatically reached for Pepper, shielding her under his back. Once the explosion had subsided, Clint peered up at Stark Industries. A second explosion, closer to the ground, had gone off, causing more of the building to crumble.
“Sam? What’s wrong?”
Clint crouched low, creeping to where the sounds were coming from. He peeked around a tree to see a man with his back turned to him, looking around, as if lost.
“It’s not your company.” Tony jumped up and fired two of his own blasts, sending Obie flying. He watched the other man groan, standing back up. Tony looked down at his hands, watching the flickering orbs of the hand repulsors.
“They’re attacking one of my shipping warehouses,” Tony grit out, his hands balling into fists.
Tony had always been skeptical of the name, but being on the other side of James Barnes right now was enough for him to pray out a silent Hail Mary.
I-I can’t- ”
Tony’s eyes were wide with fear, but Steve couldn’t tell if it was for himself or for Steve.
“I love you.”
“You won’t win, not this time,” Tony promised fiercely. He powered a blast and shot it above Obie’s head, watching in grim satisfaction as scaffolding collapsed on him. He could hear Obie’s pained shout, but saw the metal shifting, the man looking for a way to get out. Tony darted behind a fallen support beam, taking cover as quickly as he could.
“Do you hear that?” Steve almost ran straight into Rhodes as the other man screeched to a halt, peering carefully around a corner, a connection to the main sewer line.
The last thing Steve heard was a scream of his name before the ice gave way completely, the frozen water of the East River swallowing him, dragging him into the depths.
Tony nodded towards the door. “Go left. Down the hall.”
Steve flopped his head against the mound of pillows he was leaning against. “Sam, please. I’m going insane over here.”
He skipped over to her, shooting a plastic grin at the bystanders who met his gaze. He was sure there were plenty of people that wanted to speak with him; there was probably even more people
Steve turned to a blur, a blob of black and red with a yellow halo. Something was patting his check gently, but it seemed to reverberate through his skull. There were sounds, but they were so far away. He was drifting, sailing on a boat, finally at peace.
He knew Tony would be pissed, probably even murderous, once he found out what Steve had done, but there was no changing his mind on this. The FBI would love to finally bag Tony Stark, but he wasn’t sure that they would. He was an asset for them, and if anything, they would lock him down with unbreakable contracts. Steve, however. Steve was a cash cow. He’d been on watch and wanted lists for longer than he could remember. And since Steve already knew everything that Tony did, there was no reason why he needed to be involved in this anymore.
“Excuse, me, ma’am?” Steve stopped an older woman crossing their path.
It was lit.
Tony reluctantly pulled his eyes away from the staring contest he was having with the coffee machine, watching as Barnes slipped into the kitchen.
Steve looked away sighing, deciding to change the subject. “So do you know what’s gonna happen? Have you done all this before? As me?” Steve gestured around the diner.
he exclaimed when the lights flickered on.
From there, the car ride was silent, and the tension built up with each passing minute. Tony switched between drumming his fingers on the steering wheel or aggressively flipping through the radio channels, both Steve and Bucky watching him with wide eyes. Steve came close to saying something hundreds of times, but nothing ever managed to come out. There was a distinct feeling of
He checked his watch before changing his route to enter Central Park looking for a familiar face. It wasn’t too long before he found himself in front of a park bench.
“You’re late.” Steve almost couldn’t hear Tony as he whispered. “When you asked if I was doing anything later, I didn’t realize you’d actually forgotten. I thought it was playful banter.”
Steve snorted, tucking his phone back into his pocket.
“Unless they’ve got plants hidden there as well,” Steve responded solemnly.
“I liked it better when you hated me.”
Stark hummed, not even looking up from Steve’s drawings.
Tony glared down at the car battery that sat in his lap, wires almost innocently connecting to the center of his chest. Tony bit his lip hard, trying to stop the tears that threatened to spill over his cheeks again. It was a good thing Yinsen had bandaged his chest back up. After a less than stellar first sighting of the mangled mess that was his torso, Tony didn’t think he could bring himself back to look at the monster he’d become. The only thing that had been keeping him sane the last few days is that he had potentially saved Steve’s life. Tony shook his head. No. He
A phone buzzed. 1:00 PM.
“Surprise!” Tony shouted.
Tony was out of his seat before the man had finished talking, stepping between him and his son. “Who the hell are you and why should I care?” he snapped.
“Thank God for small miracles,” Clint murmured.
Steve felt himself relax minutely. A computer running the house? Steve was not meant for this century. This tower. This life.
People knew about mob activity, but they still stepped out onto the streets every morning.
“All right! Ready for take-off!”
he thought to himself.
“No,” replied Yinsen. “They haven’t been in yet. Maybe today is your lucky day; you’ll finally meet our gracious hosts.”
for making that deal with Fury. How could they? Could they not see that even if HYDRA didn’t kill them, this would?
“You don’t think I know that?” Bucky hissed. “Dealing with him is like dealing with Steve; it’s like trying to compromise with a brick wall.”
The man’s mouth started foaming, seizures racking his body. Before the three of them even had time to react, the man was dead, lying slumped in the chair, eyes dull and vacant.
the base; secure all the exits! Hurry,
Obie cast a quick glance down before he scoffing.
It started with Steve, of course.
“You’ll protect me, right? I mean, you won’t let them know I’m here. I swear, I just need to hide out here for just a little while, and then I’ll be gone, I promise!”
“Don’t be an ass,” Tony frowned. “It’s not like this comes up in everyday discussions!”
“Is this your way of telling me you like me?” Tony smiled sweetly.
“I’m not! I just- ”
to stop over and say hi. You know, Sebastian’s been here for some time, but I’ve never seen him with any guests. I barely see him at all, except when he’s working on that car!”
Tony shot another death glare at Sitwell before snatching Pietro’s hand, tugging him out of the office, the teacher’s accusations following them out into the hallway. Tony said nothing as he led Pietro out of the school and over to their car. Once Pietro had buckled in, Tony leaned forward, bracing his head against the steering wheel.
“I still can’t believe you did that. That there are people out there that
Also, he deserves it because of recent events in Endgame (so proud of you, bb.)
"Well, it seems they are now!"
“You think he operates from one location?”
“It’s some storage facility," he explained, pointedly not thinking about how the larger man seemed to fit perfectly behind him, the scent of fresh laundry filling Tony's nose as a head leaned over his shoulder. "JARVIS found other access points, and is still working on them, but this one doesn’t fit. There shouldn’t be a computer that could hack the Joseph Grant file in some run down facility like that.”
Yes, Stark had to be taken care of. Immediately. Normally Pierce would just result to Hammer for these sorts of things, but Stark was a wily one. He had been dodging Hammer for years; Pierce needed him dealt with now.
“Steve, she almost killed you.”
Someone was screaming; maybe it was him, who knows. All he knows is that all of a sudden, glass is shattering around him as his fist punched straight through the window. Hands were pulling him back away from the window, but Steve pushed back, desperately trying to get to Tony.
“Is that so?” came the response, tone mocking in a way that screamed
“You aren’t the one ones with plants in the NYPD,” Fury replied. “Not that I needed them. The whole precinct is abuzz. Pierce has claimed to have stumbled onto
“And last night,” Bucky added, “you were so beautiful, baby. Not because we lasted longer – you really don’t realize that we’re the ones that have trouble keeping up with you?” he laughed, pressing a kiss to Tony’s neck. “You could say anything, and that voice about brings me to my knees every time. You laugh into your kisses, and its euphoria for me. And your smile? God only knows how much time I’ve lost thinking about you laying in bed, smiling back up at me.”
He couldn’t breathe. It was like he was stuck back in his old body, his asthmatic lungs struggling to get the air in. It was like watching Bucky fall from the train, his screams echoing through the mountain tops. It was like watching Peggy stare at him with confusion, asking for his name again. Everything was suddenly too loud, too fast. Walls were closing in, Steve’s head pounding as he finally felt himself break into-
He couldn’t have imagined that. Bucky spun around, eyes wide. There, leaning against the garage frame, with the biggest shit eating grin known to man, was Tony Stark. Before he could even say anything a second figure was stepping around the corner, wearing a familiar mop of dishwasher blonde hair and a crooked smile.
Steve was just about to breathe in a sigh of relief when alarms started blaring on the machines. Steve was up in an instant, pressed up against the glass. “What’s happening?!” he shouted, eyes wide as he watched the medical team scramble into action.
that shouldn’t be a logical scenario, but it was. “No, I just, I- ”
“Nothing other than your usual harassment from Ms. Potts, Sir.”
was even sweating from that exchange. But when it looked like the man would finally answer, he just started laughing.
“He’s made fake SSR files,” Tony breathed in realization. “Ones that will be able to clear him for good.”
for God's sake - Tony had recruited them to start data mining for the potential of starting a market in the medical field. The Parkers were brilliant, and passionate, starting ventures in medical technology advancement. They were good,
“How about I don’t immediately arrest your ass?”
“They don’t have it,” Bucky breathed. “They don’t have the
“People have gotten the wrong apartment a few times before,” Natasha said. “I may or may not have ordered a few items from the local sex shop under her place just to watch her argue with the delivery man that she didn’t order a strap-on. Honestly, it’s better than cable.”
Phil rolled his eyes. “I was at work.”
Tony could see the fear in the man’s eyes, hell,
“Yeah, I was protecting your dumb ass,” Tony snapped, jamming a finger into Steve's chest.
“You started it!”
Tony gave a small smile, hands sliding down the front of Steve's shirt. "So you came down here guns blazing for little old me?"
Bucky startled.
“Do you think they found Hammer’s guy?” asked Barton.
Steve frowned. Whatever look he was trying to go for here was clearly a failure – the cozy campsite image turned out more like a camp that was ravaged by a bear.
“They’re coming after Tony,” Steve finished. Without a moment’s of hesitation, Steve grabbed his phone and was out the door, racing towards Stark Industries.
Tony eyed it suspiciously. “Is this
“Well, I live to serve. Now, paint on a smile and be on your best behavior. Steve and I will be back soon.”
“I’m still sorry,” Tony repeated. “I know what he meant to you.”
There were no muddy shoes cluttered by the doors, no guns littered on the tables. The medical journals that Bruce liked to read were gone, along with the trash mags that were housed on the coffee table. Even the atrocious afghan that always managed to find its way back on the couch was gone. The bar had been cleaned, each glass painstakingly placed where it should be, the chairs turned over onto the tables, and all the lights dimmed.
Hammer should have been used to it by now; Stark had always been one step ahead. Better ideas, better weapons, better hair. Tony Stark had everything. And Justin Hammer would be the one to take it away from him.
“So, what do you think?”
“No!” Tony interjected. “Not a whole street. I mean, I can. I think? I’m not really sure about the logistics, but it that was something that you wanted, and oh, that’s a no,” he trailed off when he saw Steve’s face. “It’s not a whole street. Just a few buildings on said street.”
And Tony had just let it happen.
“Don’t worry,” Steve said darkly. “It’s already being taken care of.”
Tony shot another harsh glance at Pepper. “Fine. I’ll be ready in ten.” He started to walk towards his suite, catching Obie grimace down at his phone.
Tony could hear Strange murmuring to the nurses in the other room, no doubt checking over Barnes one final time, but Tony paid them no mind. His eyes zeroed in on the briefcase, Tony moving quickly to snatch it up.
deal,” Steve growled, grabbing the club out of Clint’s hands. “I do not wanna get a call that you’ve been arrested for public indecency.”
was strewn haphazardly throughout the floor.
There was a resounding yes and they were off, moving as they once did. Windows were smashed, doors broken down, guns fired. It was just like the old days, Clint couldn’t help but notice. Soon, Tony would be back with them and they would be complete once again. He’d have his whole family again.
Tony narrowed his eyes, trying to escape the iron grip. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
The pair was pulled along a hallway, just as damp as their current boarding, revolting smells clogging his nose and mouth every time he drew a breath.
“Don’t do it,” Tony whispered, his voice hoarse from screaming.
Hammer nodded, watching as Stane walked away from him, mulling his options. On one side, Pierce, who has the entire backing of HYDRA. Very helpful in the current situation as the number of people that feared HYDRA basically made him untouchable. However, it came with a lot of baggage - too many enemies. Sure, Justin had dabbled with the criminal side of New York plenty of times, but mostly as a third party. Approving things, but staying out of the way until the dirty jobs were done. Working with Pierce, however, had put him much more in the spotlight than he wanted too. Powerful people definitely had their eyes on him. The other, Stane, who has the entire backing of the military. But they had been a loyal customer to Stark Industries for years. Working with Stane would benefit him financially, there's no question, but there's no way he'd ever give up his golden egg. No, both Stark and Stane would have to be out of the picture if he wanted the military to turn its head to Hammer Industries.
“Tony’s not here.”
“Maybe now isn’t the best time,” Bucky said, even though he got up and started dressing as well. “We just woke up and we’re not all here, and- ”
Steve stopped him before he could leave. “Wait. When you find anything, don’t come back here. It was risky enough that you’ve showed up a few times already. But now we know that people are watching us, and I’m not gonna let you lead them straight to me and my people.”
From: Tony Stark
“Hey, hey, hey! Calm down; I’ve got you, Stevie.” Bucky’s arms were around him, holding him through his tremors. Steve sucked in quick breaths, hoping the air would quell the freezing burn in his throat.
Phil raised an eyebrow. “Maybe one day. Alright, I’m off. I’ll start to dig around for HYDRA, let you know if I hear anything.” He gave a small salute before walking back towards his squad car.
“I didn’t ask for this,” Bucky snapped.
before pushing around Steve to get a look. “Steve, the hell are you – where’s Tony? Is he –
Rumlow took a deep breath. “You know how you asked me to keep an eye on him, Sir? The Captain? Well I have, and believe me Sir, I’m doing my very best, and- ”
“How the hell is it possible to shoot two people and not leave any bullets?” Clint asked. “You don’t think,” he started again, horror etching onto his face, “that he dug the bullets back out, right? I’ve seen it before. Some assassins don’t want to leave any clues behind, any part of the bullet that could potentially be tracked to them.”
Enjoy!
Barton shook his head, frowning slightly. “You ever read Peter Pan?”
Mind made up, he changed course, slipping into the far door, quickly scanning the room to find the showers empty. It wasn’t a surprise of course, as there wasn’t anyone else in the speakeasy except for Bucky, Tony, and Clint.
Steve let go of him immediately, dragging the man up again by his shirt collars. “What did you say?”
Bucky stared at the man. Steve doesn’t stammer. Well, minus the occasional woman of course, but Steve always spoke his mind, and he did it with pride.
Sure Thor was boisterous, always damaging different sections of the tower, giving Steve a daily headache. But Thor was his rock, someone who was just as lost in this new world as Steve was, always offering the best advice, or staying up with Steve in the late hours of the night trading old war memories.
Tony narrowed his eyes, his brow furrowing. “Course not. You provided the information on Pierce in return for our safety.”
Sure enough, Tony Stark stood on the other side of the body, gun in his hand. The other man rushed forward, pushing Steve back and pulling him down to his original cover. “What the hell are you doing?” Stark hissed.
“Do you have something to say, or you just gonna stand there all day?”
It was almost sickening that he had even thought of it at all. Tony was nothing like his father, the only thing comparing the two being the shared DNA they had. Tony was everything to him; he was
“Do you even know anything?” Barton sneered. “We had everything set up and you had to go and ruin it all. We were still planning on saving this operation! The Captain was all paranoid because he’d spilled the beans, sending a few of us over to watch the file drop. It was the perfect opportunity for me to finish the rest and take the files, but
“How did you know I can’t swim?”
Steve watched as Bucky jolted on the lab table, his body springing up like a tense coil. Right behind him stood Tony, in the middle of what looked to be surgery on his new arm. Even though he was wearing obnoxiously large goggles, Steve knew he was shooting Bucky his patented glare. “I told you not to move,” he grumbled, leaning back over the arm. Bucky huffed back at him but complied, stilling under Tony’s prodding.
“It’s time for you to pull your weight. You promised me Stark wasn’t going to be a problem anymore, but yet he is.”
“We will absolutely
The other man grinned in response. “Hey there, Cap. Tony,” he nodded before greeting the kids the same way. Sam was dressed as he always was: a simple shirt and jacket combo complete with a pair of jeans. That, and of course, his custom made backpack that Tony had created to house his wings.
Rogers drove up to the second address, exhausted. He barely slept; the strike team and SHIELD agents were crawling all over the city, looking for him and his younger self.
Not that he was worried. Worried happened when he and Yinsen fumbled a prototype together is the stinking sewers of New York’s underground. This would be a cake walk.
Clint nodded, already heading out the door.
The man huffed. “I asked how you were feeling.”
“No. My head has never been clearer. The team and I will deal with this.”
Tony huffed, easily returning the smile. “Likewise, Captain.”
typing away on a computer to - Steve froze when the realization hit.
“Hey, asshole. Look at me, when was the last time you used?”
“Exactly,” Pierce grinned. “But someone did know. Someone, besides the kidnappers, knew that Tony Stark had been taken.”
Clint didn’t get a response, but then again, he hadn’t expected one. Clint had only seen him like this a few times. Being the leader of a superhero team would take its toll on anyone, but Steve always managed to put on a strong face for the team. Not that he needed too; any member of the Avengers would follow that man anywhere. But of course, contrary to popular belief, Captain America is not perfect.
-------------------------
“All I know is two things: what you’ve already done, and that you’re still going to meet her. With that, Rogers took out his pocket watch. Taped to the other side was a picture, but Steve couldn’t see who it was.
He sucked in a deep breath and forced his legs to slow to a stop. He hadn’t made it more than a few blocks, but he felt as if it had been miles by the way he was taking in fresh air greedily.
Fury shook his head. “I’m going to need more than a promise from a criminal.”
Clint was already sitting in the chair opposite his desk when he walked in. Steve sighed, wishing Tony was by his side. He was always stronger with him there.
We’re only human.
It was worse than he could have imagined. The original files alone in Pierce’s hands were enough to make Steve on edge, but he should have known the man was going to play dirty. He wasn’t just going for the win anymore, he was going through the kill. And not just them, anyone that even looked at Pierce the wrong way could end up behind bars, or worse, dead in the street.
“Sir, you can’t possibly- ”
Tony made a questioning noise, only then looking down to where Steve had two fingers scissoring out of him. Tony nodded, mesmerized at the movement of the digits. The introduction of the third finger had him hissing, the dull ache of his entrance becoming more pronounced as Steve tried to make room for another thick finger.
Fury nodded. “But what’s worse, is not what he can remove, it’s what he can add.”
Bucky snorted. Steve definitely picked a winner with that one. Stark paused, and Bucky could hear the faint dulcet tones of Nat’s response and faint laughter.
“You got it, kid. We can think of a way to do it together.”
