By unspoken agreement, they did not stop in the room with Agent Carlton’s body, now laid out and covered, where the dual scents of disinfectant and putrefaction still hung in the air.
I want to be able to talk no matter how much gets between us.” Tony winced at the unintended weight of what he’d said, but he didn’t try to amend it.
They landed at the base of the stairs, an unknown number of floors beneath the surface, at another open door that should have been locked.
He had, on several sad occasions, scanned a woman after fetal demise, and she did not match that pattern either.
“You had better get used to it,” Steve said, and he gave Tony one of his million dollar smiles, dimmed by worry and lingering hurt, but real.
She pulled her hand back and held it, balled into a fist, against her breast as they both took in the implications.
The flat helm of his armor showed no expression, but Steve swore it did, able to read such minute changes in Tony’s voice and body language that he could usually tell what he was feeling even without seeing his face.
Steve seemed, for the moment, to have forgotten the night before and even the anger and panic of a few minutes earlier in his curiosity.
An old fashioned lantern sat at the figure’s bent knee and gave off a faint light in the dim afternoon.
CONTAMINATION DETECTED blinked rapidly beneath the main scanner and a numeric pad appeared for an override code that none of them knew.
Steve’s forehead creased as he set the jet down on the lab’s small landing pad, and as soon as they were stable he unbuckled his safety harness.
He steadied himself against the cavern’s wall with one hand and held the other out, palm up like a prayer.
The bare branches wept sourceless moisture onto the damp ground, and even the evergreens looked brown and brittle.
“He lives here,” Natasha said. She brought up a photograph of an old house at the end of a dirt lane.
He heard it in his head like a remembered conversation or an annoying song, and the longer it went on the more he wanted to pick up the hideous creature instead of kill it.
Just in the last twenty years, seventeen people who lived within a small radius of the mountain have died of rare and aggressive cancers.
But I will wait until you are not in the suit and you’ve forgotten why, just to be sure it’s a surprise.”
“Iron Man, report.” He could hear the anger in Steve’s voice through the comm link, mad at him for going ahead, for being Tony, but he was a leader too.
They climbed the swaybacked front step where an old porch swing creaked next to a pumpkin and pots of red and gold chrysanthemums.
The thing that had been James Buckman, Mother’s first born son, was not yet dead, and its long black fingers wrapped around Tony faster than anything he had seen.
He held out his hand and for a moment Tony thought he would stroke her hair, but he seemed to think better of it and gripped her shoulder instead.
Tentacles began working their way up his armor, caressing him and probing for weakness, vulnerable places where they could gain access to meat and marrow.
Tony tried to scan, but his equipment behaved strangely, giving back strange colors streaked with black instead of life readings.
Tony’s armor now required a Level 5 Override to open the face mask, and he resigned himself to another interminable period of stale, plastic flavored air.
“Scans say human,” Tony said, but the way they crept along against some unseen wall, low to the ground and slithering…
“We all die anyway and then whatever is on the other side of this gateway comes through and eats our entire galaxy,” Tony said.
Though it had no face, the creature rounded on him and bent double, attacking him with the end he’d wounded moments earlier.
Even though the alien threat had dissolved and drained away, the suit read something hostile in the room and wanted a Level 3 override to expose any of his body to the air.
Thor had said he would keep watch, but he and Tony both knew he wanted to lie down, and Tony let him.
The sound was faint but unmistakable on the later entries, a low repetitive drone that sounded like whispering.
“First of all, if you aren’t kidding I demand to hear the entire story of how you punched Nazis in a corset and frilly panties right now, and second of all, I need you to find something else because you are making me
The adrenaline rush of denial began to fade, leaving Tony with a cold, empty ache in his stomach, numb and unable to process the thought that Thor had truly gone.
Only the final digit looked fresh, as though someone in the town still bothered to change it to reflect births and deaths.
The pathetic figure strained forward, one arm pulled behind it and the other outstretched and grasping.
Very few things were a match for Thor’s strength, but when the cool blue light fell over the scene, Tony saw the God of Thunder was in trouble.
Bits of clothing and strands of hair had caught on the rough gray bark and tangles of bald, thorny black brambles and a few more small personal items turned up amid the damp muck.
Steve snorted, faint but still audible, telling Tony that he had a list of things Tony should work on himself.
Tony slouched as nonchalantly as possible while fully armored in his usual chair next to Thor and tried not to wonder why Steve wasn’t on his left where he belonged.
The portal no longer seemed aware of them, as though Machen had been its only eyes, but the whole cavern vibrated with the impending labor.
He studied Steve intently through the visor as a series of readouts appeared on his screens, assessing his pulse, his respiration, his injury status, shield and armor integrity, everything except for what Tony really wanted to know without having to ask.
Everyone is coming out of this alive, and if you try to imply otherwise, no more Trenta Pumpkin Spice Lattes for you unless you find a place in Manhattan that can give change for a gold coin.”
He thought about staggering off in search of water and painkillers and found someone had left them out on the night stand for him.
All his gauges went off at once, warning beeps discordant in the silence as every display in the suit read a pixelated, maxed out glitch.
His suit was going insane with muted warnings, and he wanted to scream at Steve not to touch her, but it was much too late.
I shall call the lightning on this blasted place, and knock that benighted mountain into a fine dust with Mjolnir if you but say the word.”
“No Doctor Banner?” Steve was clearly unhappy with all of this, from having information withheld to having his team chosen for him.
He pulled himself over the edge and stood, shaking and glad no one would ever know, and clutched the metal frame of the clunky old machine. After a moment he put his back against the suit. He hated having the bottomless pit behind him but he found he couldn’t look away from the hideous goat.
Tony cycled through his scanners, but none of his night vision modes could pierce the darkness beyond.
Under the WVU score or the price of gasoline, however, the whole thing would have been a plea not to leave him, a reminder that he hadn't been swallowed up by the earth like a corpse.
The road they had been on ended in an intersection with Rural Route 741 that seemed to form the center of the town.
He couldn’t even touch his own face, and he would have given anything to feel Steve’s hands, or even air moving against his bare arms.
He would rather fly, but there seemed no point in wasting the suit’s power just to avoid a few awkward minutes with Steve.
Only one lift had been repaired and updated, the others left to rot and rust, but even the new one didn’t inspire much confidence.
These old suits weren’t meant for mining and the communicator relay was unreliable this far underground.
He muttered something over her as he gently pressed her vacant eyes shut, though his gloves left a few more dark smears on her face.
It left him with only an impression, of the rolling, fluid gait of an octopus and the oily glisten of sinuous appendages trailing a tattered scrap of stained cloth.
The sound bounced strangely through the undefinable empty space and he knew with some certainty he shouldn’t be here.
Tony wanted to go to him, but he had to fight impossibly hard to even keep his face out of the dirt, the muscles in his right arm straining and shaking with the effort to raise him even a few inches.
“Nat, we can still…” but he found he didn’t know what to say when she looked him in the eye and he saw the tiny blood vessels staining her eyes grey.
Because if you are, you could just break up with him while there’s still a chance to save your working relationship.”
Tony had enough time to notice the tremor in her fingers and the way the veins in the back of her hand stood out dark against the pale of her skin before the light above the panel turned red.
He handed them a small bioshield bag and Steve shifted the contents until they were visible in the little clear window.
Some last dark knot in Tony’s chest loosened to see Thor had survived as well and he relaxed against the starchy pillows.
Thor wrapped him in the gentlest hug he could manage, and though his vision swam Tony rested his cheek against the soft cotton of Thor’s hospital gown and tried to return it.
Steve’s brow furrowed with annoyance, but not before Tony saw something near panic fade from his eyes.
He raised his left hand, took the glove off, and placed it against the glass sensor on his side of the barrier.
It shook him to his knees and the shield clanked against the floor as he supported himself, one hand flung out to brace against the wall and the other clutched to his side.
Tony made the joke, but he was still troubled by his scanners’ inability to find the second heart rthym.
The disaster in 1903 had left no survivors, and much of what had happened remained an insoluble mystery, but the rocks weren’t where they should have been, and he was becoming increasingly sure of it.
Steve kept looking at the page, still working on a pair of outstretched palms in the lower corner, but the tips of his ears turned pink.
He’d learned as a child to channel all his emotion, all his energy, into work, and as a result he soon had the lab’s communication array back online and able to contact the outside world.
Tony longed to make a sex joke about coming in the rear, anything to break the weird tension, but Steve hated it when he brought up their personal life on missions.
Thor laughed and clapped Tony on the shoulder; if he had not been in the armor, he knew, it might have been a hug.
Near the end of the clip, he drew a long, shaky breath and must have rallied, for the last sounds from him were footsteps and the faint jingle of the handcuffs.
Dr. McCoy is working with the data you sent earlier, and I have new reports from the Captain to show him as well.”
His teammates continued their investigation while JARVIS argued with the computerized locking mechanism.
Something lunged for him at eye level and he shielded his face with his hands out of instinct as something far back in his brain seemed to be screaming.
Steve shot him a look full of disobedience and for a moment Tony feared he would get closer instead, out of compassion for the agent and spite for his co-leader, but the others backed off.
The momentary calm he’d achieved while working dissipated instantly when the Director appeared on the screen.
He tried to dodge but it was too fast, and it spread out in midair, changing from a ball to more of a net.
He could tell that had been the wrong thing to say, because all it got him was Captain America back.
Tony just knew he needed Steve back, but he still doubted that attempting to pour out his true feelings was a good plan.
Thor was keenly interested in anything that could dispense caffeine or alcohol, so it surprised him less that he could program the fancy machine and more that he would think to do it.
At the end of the row of victims, the trench opened out into another vast, pitch dark space where no light had ever fallen.
Most of his weapon and propulsion systems were gone, as he’d feared, ripped away along with the primary plating on his arms and legs.
Tony took as much extra time as he could ferrying provisions out of the Clean Zone, but is still seemed too soon that the door shut behind him with a final puff of disinfectant and left him alone for the night with Steve.
“We’re going to get her out of here,” Steve said, and the hard, stubborn hope in his voice told Tony he already knew about her.
The way they moved made him sick, and they seemed to flow through blind spots in his scanner’s vision, as though they were only partially present.
He looked up at Tony, and in that moment Tony did not see the ancient Norse god, the kind and cocky Lord of Lightning who strode into battle with his hammer held high.
He entered the Clean Zone alone, his heart clenched tight in his chest and a cold, watery feeling of despair in his guts.
Put that in to get access to his secondary programming, and tell him “Santa Claus is not real” and he’ll give you the information for the rest of… Everything I’ve got that you can have.”
Crude candles, melted and dark now, sat incongruous atop the monitors and above them the rock had been smeared with dark gore in rough human shape.
Soon Fury appeared in a box on the screen, and whatever he saw in Tony’s face made even the unflappable master spy blink and flinch away.
The picture flickered even though Tony had triple checked the signal strength, and the audio hissed and crackled in a familiar way that he refused to contemplate too closely.
He leaned in closer and longed for the familiar touch of Steve’s lips on his, but his visor snapped shut again with a decisive
Other tentacles closed in on him, but the burning white light of Mjolnir burst through the central column and left a smoking hole in its path.
The place is government affiliated, contractor I think, and I haven’t been able to get much even unofficial on what goes on down there.
His scanners displayed nonsense numbers as he peered into the darkness, but the bright beam of his reactor fell on Thor.
Though he was afraid to use the chest canon with no idea where the house, his teammates, or the very pregnant civilian were, he had only moments to get free or-
Thor got to his feet and picked up his hammer as if he were, for the moment, conscious of how heavy it was, and he came over to join them.
He lifted his foot again and struggled, tense with exhaustion and fear, to keep from bringing it forward.
The mining company went bankrupt but soon reformed elsewhere, absent Mr. Whately, who stayed on here.”
He turned and saw that four of the monsters were still whole and motivated enough to fight, but they flinched from the light of his reactor.
He struck at the thing with his left fist and felt another, or maybe part of the same one, slithering up his back.
When the jet was nearly ready, Thor flopped into the empty spot and set his hammer between his feet.
It was easy to get fanciful down here all alone, but these bones had been dead for better than a century, and they had nothing to say.
A strong hand tugged his face plate open and he was able to spit and retch the black jelly from his throat and nose.
He shook Thor’s shoulder, gently at first and then with more insistence, until his blue eyes cleared and he shook his golden head.
He found Steve and Thor in their makeshift hospital, watching over the still bodies of Clint and Natasha.
“Machen was diverting funding from the lab to pay for whatever he was really after, and it doesn’t look like he cared if anyone found out later.
Only a few wisps of hair, thin and colorless as cobwebs, clung to his scalp, but a metal circlet sat at his temples.
Tony wasn’t sure any of the others knew Thor well enough to see the doubt in his eyes, but he spoke with all the conviction he could summon.
Tony gave the command and the door slid open with a familiar hiss, revealing another dark room lit with the irregular flash of emergency lights.
Whatever had been there seemed to have burst, leaving jelly like slime in the center of the table and a radius of dark cast off droplets against the burnished metal of the walls and ceiling.
The man I was would even have been jealous, to have Her favor so callously transferred to another, after all my years of tireless work to find Her.
Either way, Machen said there was more of it trying to come through from somewhere else, and we have to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
Even if it was the same endless, indifferent void he’d glimpsed through the portal, at least he would be with Steve, and not banished to the gloating darkness that consumed life and birthed endless horrors.
Steve gestured to the computers, encased in his Captain America uniform almost as thoroughly as Tony was in his armor.
Tony looked away quickly, but he could not avoid seeing the dark veins that stood out against his neck of the way his fingers twisted helplessly as he struggled.
Tony had no idea how it could be possible, but the hammer looked both sad and stubborn, like a dog waiting for his dead master to come home.
Steve held his slimy glove out away from him, though a dark stain slowly spread around the waist of his pants.
Steve at least tried to keep it from sounding like an accusation, and Tony tried to keep from taking it as one.
He held the haft with both hands for an instant, eyes closed as if in prayer, but something even stronger than his bond to his weapon pulled him away.
He heard a faint clank and a high-pitched, overheated whine, but the secondary circuits kicked in and his armor struggled to come back online along with him.
He found a ring of keys inside, familiar ones, and though a few were missing (Thor didn’t know about all of his places, of course), it was a good start.
Clint sank back into the office chair and folded his arms on the desk, then rested his head on them.
Tony took hold of the front of his clothes and hauled him up, and though he heard the rotten tearing sound his metal gauntlet made, he didn’t know or care if it had been fabric or skin that made it.
He did not waste time with the hows and whys of their history, because they were already out of time.
The foreman, by all accounts a cheerful man with a new fiancée and no history of mental illness, hung himself from a tree outside the front gate a week later.”
Steve caught it as Machen vanished into the portal, his shrill scream of terror and ecstasy cut off as the membrane between the worlds rippled and then went still.
Everything was either blinding white or harsh medical green, and thick plastic closed off his little island from the surroundings.
He pointed to the last structure of any size, an old clapboard country church that had been painted an odd dark greenish gray.
He and Natasha pulled up tables in the room full of shattered glassware and spent the rest of the evening in tense research.
Above them, the portal rumbled and quivered, but Tony tried to ignore everything around him as he reverse engineered the reactor into a weapon.
Steve steadied himself against the lift door, digging his fist into the surface as he suppressed the pain and forced himself to uncurl.
He turned them off and switched to regular visual input, increasing the light from the suit as much as he could even though it felt like painting a target on himself.
It was not quite so distinct this time, muffled by his helm and distorted through the tinny speakers on his armor.
Tony heard it hit, but he was already on his way to Steve, slicing through the awful things in their tattered filthy lab coats as they flinched away from the light.
He thought of all the missing people, wondering if there would be anything recognizable left of them.
The tentacle in Thor’s throat tugged at him as the thing writhed and died, and Steve sliced through it with his shield.
“No, Tony, I’m not dead, though you have tried to give me a heart attack three times since you’ve been here.”
Every warning in the armor went off at once and then the power died, leaving him blind and deaf to every sound except his own ragged breathing.
It was not until his scanners came online and began checking also that Tony realized his helm had snapped shut again.
“You need to rest, and you can do so knowing that both the God of Thunder and some serious doors stand between you and harm from the outside.”
Of those that escaped, another seventy fell ill not long after and died of something that officials referred to as ‘black consumption’.
Tony shut the door behind them and Thor led the way out, past the dim vivisection room with its record of nameless horrors to the more neutral research room beyond.
An old television showed a muted golf game in short bursts interrupted by long patches of static next to a pair of small beer taps under the shelf and off to the side there was a blank door labeled MEN in uneven letters.
The rest of the building held a half dozen rows of shelves cobbled together from wood and aluminum and sparsely stacked with cans and boxes.
“Somebody had the money to build this house, and if there was coal in the mountain, it made somebody wealthy.
A flash of blue-white light lit the cavern for an instant as he blasted it with a repulsor, and in the flare he saw another moving behind Steve.
A spreading pool of total mine shaft darkness had replaced her face and he wondered what was wrong with his eyes.
Buckman was an educated man in his early thirties, and Tony thought he might have chosen a wife he could talk to.
Steve’s eyes went wide with surprise but Tony silenced his protest with a kiss, willing Steve to feel everything he didn’t have the time, or the words, to say.
He cut the audio with as much haste as he could, but Thor continued to stare into the distance, mumbling the rough, heavy syllables of his own tongue.
His view of the world disappeared as tentacles wrapped around his head and limbs, but dozens of warnings appeared as the thing tightened its grip and pulled him in different directions.
It fled the illumination much too fast for him to get a good look, but it cried out something wordless with corrupted vocal cords.
“I guess I wasn’t too far wrong calling this the asshole of the world,” Tony quipped to himself, but he didn’t like the sound of his voice in this deep, secret, inhuman place.
The sting in his lip and the dull flare of anger sputtered out within him, faded away before the empty, howling, insensible numbness in his mind.
Two operating tables equipped with restraints dominated the front half of the room, the walls and counters on either side ready with an array of gleaming saws, drills, and surgical implements.
“I have to be careful how I go about it, because a lot of these records are set up to delete if they detect an effort to decrypt them, but JARVIS will ferret them out.
Clint turned to smirk at Tony, but his face fell when Thor grabbed the donut with a rustle of cardboard.
He thought of Brandi off at boarding school and tapped the commands into the controls with only a slight tremor to his hand.
The paper had dozens of tiny sketches, hands doing all sorts of things, and a few hazy figures in repose.
It seemed he was above them, on either side, and even below them, tittering madly and slipping between German, English, and something else as he spoke.
If they had been in his workshop back home, and Tony hadn’t blown it, those hands would have been rubbing his neck.
He felt a rising, irrational panic and longed to run, though the suit couldn’t turn in the tunnel and couldn’t be put in reverse without five minutes of cursing and a wrench to the drive shaft.
The impenetrable, immeasurable darkness below him remained mute, too uncaring for his grief to even gloat, and he could no longer bear to peer into it.
Faint, rasping breaths hissed in the shadows all around them and the pale heat signatures flickered on this screen.
Still haven’t found out what they were doing, but last spring they hired a whole crew of miners, undocumented workers from out of state, and every one of those men disappeared.
The audio was all messed up on these logs, but there’s something there instead that we can’t make out.”
His pallorous, grey tinged face was hard and closed off with suppressed pain, but he managed a smile for Tony.
Mjolnir opened the way for them, but Thor let his own body punch through the roof of the cavern and widen a passage out of the top of the mountain, slamming into layer after layer of stone and wood as the Old Crow Mountain Mine collapsed.
Thor’s looked warm and inviting, but the sight of them filled Tony with a spark of inexplicable anger and he turned away from them.
Shadows shifted and waved madly as the writhing tentacles roped and bound Thor, so the horror of the scene had a slow-motion strobe effect.
The thing collapsed around itself and thrashed, and though it still screamed too high or low for him to hear, it seemed like Thor could.
As the agent’s vital signs plummeted, another set seemed to impose over them and grow stronger, like a parasite.
Although much was covered by Steve’s winged cowl and general stoicism, his eyes were a little red and puffy.
Steve bowed his head and shut his eyes, and Tony wanted more than anything to know what to say to him.
I think I can get our communications back online so we don’t have to go back out to the jet, and I could use your help with the decryption.”
An over life sized bronze sculpture of a man dressed in miner’s overalls knelt on top of another piece of weathered, black-striped green stone.
What was left of the SHIELD team crouched against the far wall, to the left of the doors, and he sobbed in the harsh light.
He sat at the computer instead and tried to focus, though his ears strained to try to keep track of what Steve was doing behind him.
She would snuff him out and feel nothing, no satisfaction or happiness or anything at all that a human could understand as She consumed his meager existence in a span of time infinitely shorter than even the blink of Her immortal eye.
His old truck was there in the lot, usually the only vehicle up at the mine any more, but tonight there was another, a black cargo van with no markings, and three men unloading some bulky dark cases from within.
It had been so long since he’d seen his own mother’s hands that he recognized them first by her beautiful Art Deco diamond ring.
"No you don't understand!" Tony yelled, turning his head to look deep into Steve's eyes. "I'm going to cause destruction. I'm going to...to hurt people. I've watched it all! I need to fight alone."
Steve's heart clenched at the guilt for all the times he had known Tony but yet never gathered the courage to tell him what actually happened with his parents. Tony didn't trust a guy who didn't have a 'dark side,' however Tony wished he had never had found out because the one guy he actually trusted the most turned out to be the one who would betray him in the end.
I squeezed my eyes shut and tears were flowing. I felt Tony's hands tremble under mines and I looked up. He was biting his lip and crying as well. God, his beautiful eyes.
Tony got snapped out of his thoughts and dragged himself over to where the voice was coming. Steve's smile was bright - brighter than Tony have ever seen before. He wondered if Steve smiled this bright during their wedding.
"Look, I bought you this giant teddy bear too. I have to say, I didn't know you still liked teddy bears. But I really hope you like it because clearly the other ones you didn't like."
"I c-can't do this Pep. I can't! I caused him pain and sadness, how can I call myself a friend to Tony?"
"Hi Tony," Steve said, kissing Tony's cheek lightly, "I'm going to sleep in Bucky's room tonight. We have a lot to catch up on."
"No Tony!" Steve yelled, turning around to face him in the living room, "I can't believe you missed our date!"
Steve shook his head at the memory. "No," Steve thought, "Tony saved New York by pushing the missile through the wormhole himself."
"I'm sorry too," Tony said, leaning his face into Steve's, "I shouldn't had let my work become the first priority over something that is much more important."
"And to be honest. Tony has every right to feel hurt and...possibly jealous. You have been hanging out with me a lot. Even sleeping in the same bed in the last couple of weeks."
Steve watched as Tony eyes slowly open, a hint of sadness staring out. His chest rose heavily and sighed out.
His tentacles shivered and twisted with agitation and there were faint sucking sounds as he slunk closer.
Thor came back to himself and gave a slight nod, but he still seemed to hear something that the rest of them could not.
Thor’s body was alive, though critically wounded and weakened, but he had no idea how much was left of his mind.
He had to know, but he suspected the dull ache of grief would spike sharp and piercing with the answer.
The faint glow of Tony’s armor let them see the shadowy bulk of an old exo suit in the tunnel and a pile of crates half emptied against the rough wall.
He tried not to remember how it felt to have those awful things grab his helm and plunge him into total darkness, but the memory of it questing to find a joint or weak spot threatened to overwhelm him.
The blue light of the arc reactor made the dark streaks of gore on his red cape stand out in stark contrast and gave his skin the grey pallor that Tony dreaded.
Steve raised his shield and started down the tunnel, approaching the dark hulk of the suit with slow caution.
The last few seconds were filled with a strange sound that reminded Tony of both an animal braying and a nasty chuckling laugh, and then the recorder shut off for good.
Steve and Thor’s breath drifted away in little puffs as the mountain air stole their warmth and they all trudged along the road to the mine in a huddle.
He wanted to grab Steve and make him listen, make him see, but Steve had closed him out and they could hear the outer door of the Clean Zone whisking open again.
Rain began to fall in the street behind them and on the porch wind set the old rocking chairs with their scabby paint into creaking motion.
Thor followed him in and tried the switch, throwing harsh, clinical white light across the main work room of the lab.
They listened in silence as he choked and gasped and called out one word, over and over again: Mother.
“He was done up on Old Crow, and we were going to get Brandi and move to the city, have Jimmy Junior here and get a kitten and a little apartment in the middle of everything.
But I don’t know how Wilcox could have been connected, unless it was through his family or something.
Her jaw unclenched and as it fell loose more of the viscous black substance poured out of her mouth.
He shocked it again as the one on his back tried to pull him off balance— and toward the edge of the chasm.
He had handcuffed himself to a narrow water pipe and could not escape, though his mangled wrist and the dark clotted blood on his hand, the floor around him, and the sad remains of his somber dark suit testified that he had tried.
He was active in the early thirties, part of the elite circle that formed in Boston after Pickman disappeared.
He stared down at his immovable hammer in desperate horror as he tried to drag it with him, the black veins bulging in his arms with the effort and his brow wrinkled with the confusion of one who has just seen a major pillar of his entire world melt away like an illusion.
He muttered and fought to break the restraints that bound him to the bedrails, and although someone had covered him with a scratchy, industrial green blanket, the skin of his hands and face showed grey against it.
The doctor thought everyone in Old Crow was an uneducated, superstitious hick and he would have hated to give him the satisfaction.
When Steve stepped into the room, the armor snapped shut without his conscious command of it, earning him an odd look from Natasha.
The bronze had an uneven patina that left the miner covered with dark stripes, but they seemed an intentional part of the work, shifting coils that bore him down or bound him.
“No extraction until Dr. McCoy and who knows who else get a chance to examine the data I sent back.”
Another cot had been prepared next to his, with an IV stand and a tray of loaded syringes lined up next to it, but Natasha sat at the room’s computer console.
He thought about Steve’s idea of moving in together and it was like standing on a high narrow ledge, the dizzy rush of vertigo that came from looking down with nothing between him and the fall.
This time he used the edge of the shield and sliced the entire mass of tentacles off at one shoulder.
Things within it clicked and crunched against his boots, as well, and he made out filthy bones stewing in it, the round dome of a skull, the thick length of a humerus, the curve of a rib.
The door slid shut after him and one by one the rest of the team pushed the scanner and got the green light until only Tony remained.
Steve’s eyes met his for an instant, and Tony knew he’d danced closer to the truth than he meant to.
Most of the leaves had already fallen here and formed a thick carpet over the roots of the gnarled oaks and maples.
Fury selected one in the southeastern part of the state and images of an ugly, blocky concrete building on a lush green mountain came up.
“And we need to know if they are missing a child along with this bear,” Steve said, and the others nodded in grim agreement.
It was one of the Liberty Girls’ spangly dresses, if you must know, and it was kind of embarrassing. ”
Thor succeeded in cracking the ice between them, at least superficially, by the time they landed—mostly because he was willing to steamroller his friends with sheer charisma—but the rift was still there.
What he’d found on the recorder made him think this mission was much more important than Fury had said, or even known.
He could not, at that instant, have said if he was glad of the reprieve or sad to have lost his chance to join Her.
They continued into a spacious kitchen, wooden shelves loaded with Ball jars and lacy yellow curtains hung from the window over the deep sink.
He sat with his hands braced on the console and took a few deep breaths, seeking the distance he would need to work.
Tony brushed the hair back from his forehead as tenderly as he could manage with the armor’s gauntlets.
The swollen body was shown from the side but a dark pit yawned between the hind legs, the distended vulva picked out with vile detail, and from it dropped monstrous young, tangles of serpentine blackness that spread far past where he could see.
Tony lay back again and laughed, even though it hurt, filled with love for the people in his life and a second chance to do this properly.
He set JARVIS to bypassing the security codes and passwords on the lab’s files while he opened up Agent Carlton’s little black box.
Tony’s sensor array checked his teammates and reported that Hawkeye’s temperature had increased one and half degrees since they had left and his lung function and O2 saturation had dropped.
It writhed on the concrete in its vile amniotic fluid, a ball of sinuous appendages, and even though it had no sign of a face, it shattered the silence of the abandoned lab with a deafening psychic wail.
While he was having faith, and falling, he pep talked himself that maybe Thor was down here, alive and in need of help.
The safety line slithered and went taut with a hiss, and he felt absurdly disappointed for some reason when it caught him.
“You know, in Asgard, putting on special armor so you can give me a good fight would be considered foreplay.”
It choked and gagged pathetically for a few breaths before a surge of new tentacles punched out of the neck and obliterated the last of its human facial features.
Tony again leaned in to kiss Steve, and again his visor snapped shut of what seemed to be its own accord.
Steve and Tony both settled in to their usual places, the same awkward silence that had been between them in the briefing personified by the empty middle seat where their friends usually rode.
His teammates raised their weapons and fanned out, Thor in the center in front of the door with Steve just behind him and Hawkeye and Black Widow to either side.
The tentacles burrowed and suckled wherever they found blood or thin skin, and immediately began to grow larger.
Tony had not believed the story, but he had seen that Thor believed it, and as he watched his friend walk toward the unfathomable inky darkness before him, the engineer within him could not help but calculate the distance in steps.
Tony knew that all around the area a damp, mild October still warmed the east coast, but here on Old Crow Mountain it seemed much later in the year.
Hawkeye shook his head, his short blonde hair plastered to his head with sweat, as though to clear it.
Something cold and wet latched onto his inner thigh and began to burrow, seeking the heat of the femoral artery where Her corruption already flowed.
Their faces were so close he could smell Steve’s skin even under the layers of strange soap and harsh disinfectant.
He didn’t have his armor anymore, and he didn’t have a billionaire’s custom suit to protect him, either.
This is merely an anthropological curiosity, a way for primitive minds to deal with power beyond their comprehension.
“You should still eat your vegetables, because if you do Morgan will eat hers and then I wouldn’t have so many problems trying to get her to eat healthy.”
Steve nodded, but before he could say anything else, Tony saw whose office they were in, he was quiet for a moment, not wanting to say anything. “Tony,” Steve whispered not sure if the people on the other side of the window could hear them.
“It’s the truth, you may not have seen that change, but all you have to do is ask your brother,” she steered him towards the doors that led to the waiting rooms where their family and friends waited. He hadn’t seen Steve yet, but he knew that his boyfriend was a nervous wreck, hell he wasn’t even sure if Steve had arrived yet. “Your father smiles whenever you do something spectacular, he brags about it too, it only looks like he’s being hard on you because he wants to encourage your curiosity.”
“He deserves to die then,” she said and while Tony would like for it to happen, murder wasn’t something that they could really get away with. But she needed to know the whole story, she needed to know the extent of what happened, because in the end she had always been the one that had stayed by him. His brothers were already out of the house by the time they reached High School, but Natasha had been the one to console him during his break-ups, she had been the one to dance with him in their living room when no one was watching. She was his sister and his best friend all rolled into one person.
“That’s.... it’s very romantic of you to put it that way,” Tony told him. “I never had someone so willing to share themselves like that. Everything I’ve known growing up, well it was about being the best at everything, I’m a Stark, and we Stark kids have to change the world. This is the first time where I can just be Tony, not just with school, you’ve given me that too.”
“Carol thinks Nebula isn’t who she says she is,” Steve said and Tony couldn’t believe what he was hearing, he knew something was off but he hadn’t gone that far. “And the kids showed up when I was talking to her, they were hiding in a closet.”
He took the scepter and his shield and ran off as quickly as he could, since his other self had told SHIELD that he had seen him, they were most likely on their way to where he was and he didn’t want them to find him still standing there thinking that he was Loki. Which was strange to him because he could have sworn that around this time they would have had Loki detained so what could have happened that they would have thought that he was Loki.
“Well I’m glad that’s something that I could give you,” and it was something he was glad to have been there for.
They were quiet for a few minutes after Bucky left the room, it was weird for Tony because even though they’ve spent a lot of time walking from the library back to the dorm, or the times they’ve run into one another, or even that first really weird week. They had never really been alone in his room, it was a little weird for him. He wondered if Steve had seen the note on that twenty-dollar bill, or if Steve knew why he liked the things he did, or anything.
He didn’t wait for a reply, he just walked off, just the thought of him not being able to be a real leader anymore, the thought that he had let this all happen all because he hadn’t told Tony about his parents, that he hadn’t listened to Tony at all after the whole Ultron incident. He needed to make amends with it all, but he also needed to forgive himself for his past mistakes and he knew that it was going to take a long time to do so, and that wasn’t something that they really had a lot of.
“Did you guys figure it out?” Steve asked him when he walked into the kitchen. The smell of mac and cheese in the air, which meant that Steve was nervous and a nervous Steve starts baking everything he could.
The car was mostly silent, Tony liked it that way, it ran on clean energy, he worked on it like crazy. So, when he saw Steve standing outside of the facility, he couldn’t help but drive by as fast as he could before stopping in front of his husband who looked like he was just tired of everything that had happened.
If there was one thing about the proposal that Steve would never forget, it would be the look on Tony’s face when he walked into that room, it was full of flowers that Steve had picked, and lighting made by Riri which only illuminated everything so that it would have an ethereal glow. He had watched as Tony looked around the room, surprised at what was happening before his eyes had settled on Steve, kneeling down at the center.
“I know,” he blurted out and he would have smacked himself if not for self-preservation. “I mean... she talked about you, and I saw you sometimes, but I was always in some corner or on my way out and I never got introduced, because I went to M.I.T.,” seriously why couldn’t he stop talking.
So, that summer, once Steve moved back to New York and into the upstairs apartment his Nana had left for him, because Brooklyn was too expensive to live in, and she had the apartment so why should he have to look for a place to stay. She was always taking care of him and he was honestly grateful for it, he had enough saved up because of this to remodel the store. After seeing his Nana off at the airport, she was going to live with his parents in Florida, his father worked down there as a liaison between the company he worked for called Resilient and Nasa. It took two months to make the whole thing work, they needed permission from the owner, even though Nana had said that they would be alright with the remodel, they needed supplies, and lastly, they needed more workers for the expanded space. The store before had only been run by his Nana and two other people, both of which had decided to work somewhere else.
“I know you’re mad at me for taking that hit, but can we talk about this later,” Steve yawned as his body relaxed. “I’ll be one hundred percent in the morning, and we can duke it out then.”
“Do you think I have a chance at fixing this?” he asked because he wanted to know that he would get that second chance at having someone as great as Tony Stark.
“Not lying, my dad asked me before my mom went into labor,” Steve said holding his hands up, “I was going to wait until Christmas to tell Tony, but with all of the excitement I figured what better time to tell him.”
Why now? Why not five years before? He could have a million questions and no answers, but he didn’t know where to start. So, when he hadn’t said a word Shuri just launched into a whole thing, “I worked on the stone, the one we were trying to create, and yesterday I ended up mixing something I had found in the lab, it was a replica of the fruit that gives the Black Panther powers to the next king. The original fruit doesn’t exist anymore, but the synthetic one I’ve been creating to recreate the fruit is close enough to the original, to the last one that my brother had seven years ago.”
“You can’t say I hope so, I want you to actually remember the damn thing,” Tony said before going off and explaining the equations all over again. Though this time Steve actually paid attention, trying not to get too distracted by Tony, his hair, the little scars on his hands or how he smelled.
“You’ll never know since you drank your pills,” he said even though he knew that he wouldn’t have lasted an hour, Steve was too good to resist especially when he held Tony down the way he normally did. “Now get some sleep, I’ll be back with dinner later.”
“I have no idea, this is the first time I’ve done this,” he said, and Steve knew that they should have waited for Tony to come back, three geniuses were better than none, plus it would reassure Bruce more to have his friend there with him. “We’re talking about time travel here,” Bruce continued talking to Shuri. “Either it’s all a joke, or none of it is.”
“You know,” Steve started but the rest of the room, at least those who knew the story, started laughing, it was the first time since he had gotten back, where he felt a feeling of hope that they would get out of this alright.
“I need coffee,” Tony said as the night wound down, the library was going to close soon, but it had been a very productive night for the both of them. “You want to go grab some coffee?” he asked Ty as they started packing up their stuff, trying to see if he could convince him to walk with him back to the dorms.
“Oh,” he wiped his hands on his apron and held it out, he remembered Tony mentioning her being there at the school, but he also remembered that day when Tony had come into the coffee shop, Natasha had been with him as well as another person, the same person standing in front of him at that very moment. “Nice to meet you,” he said with a smile. “I’ve heard Tony talk about you, but we’ve never actually met.”
“Morgan, that’s the name that was on her bracelet when she was found, she’s lucky to be alive after what had happened to her parents.”
All Tony could do was nod as he walked out of the room alongside Ty, “Sure I’ll see you there,” he said before heading back to his dorm, he had a story to write, one where Iron Man and Captain America were front and center, one where he didn’t have to worry about writing for class or thinking about his projects just yet, and after he had to head to the robotics lab, because he didn’t want to accidentally set his room on fire trying to make Butterfingers a brother.
“Thank you, Tony, I wouldn’t have been able to get this far without you,” Steve said with a smile on his face that was tugging on Tony’s heart. “I have a thank you gift for you.”
“Funny Scott, real funny,” Tony said but just turned to Steve, ignoring the incredible shrinking man behind him. “Okay what now?”
“Uh, is anyone else seeing this?” he heard Pepper’s voice, only to turn and see Peter being overwhelmed.
Thor who up until that moment had been quietly sitting in the corner listening to the conversation had gotten up and walked over to Carol and Tony was sure that he was testing her, but he wasn’t sure if it was a good idea until the ax flew towards Thor breaking through one of the walls.
“You put me to shame, and I’m not saying that as a joke either, I feel like I have to run a few laps or something just to try and catch up to you.”
As he stood in his dorm room, he knew that this whole thing wouldn’t have been possible if he had died eighteen years ago, he had been lucky that he had been born into the Stark house, that they had the best doctors that money could buy, because not everyone got that lucky. Maria had two babies that she loved, and Howard was beside himself at the fact that Tony had shown signs of being a genius when he was as young as three. He did everything with Natasha by his side, they would have been twins if they could have. She took ballet, like their mother wanted, she absolutely loved it so it was a huge win, while Tony played piano, oftentimes having Loki create elaborate sets for them to dance and play music in, to put on performances for their family.
Pepper had wheeled him off to his room after he started nodding off in the chair, neither of them spoke as he climbed into the bed, exhausted. “I’m sorry,” he said as he got comfortable. “For everything that I’ve put you through.”
“Don’t brush it off, you were right about a lot of what you said, I let you down, I let everyone down, I’m not good a being a leader. Tony, All those things… All the things I said and did… I’m… I’m so so sorry,” he said as he stood over the bed where the other man lay. “I know that’s not enough, but I hope that you will allow me the chance to earn your friendship back,” Steve knew that it was all he could even hope for at the moment. “I don’t deserve it… I just hope you let me. I’m not half as good at… at anything as I am when I’m doing it next to you. And that’s the truth.”
“One hour, freshen up, get settled, we have work to do,” Steve said before pulling Tony towards Tony’s old workshop. He hadn’t used it in years, since he mostly worked from home, but it was familiar to the both of them. Steve could tell that what had happened had bothered Tony, mainly because of his strained relationship with Howard, something that still urks him, because he would have thought that the father and son would have been like Tony was with Riri when it came to creating tech, but it hadn’t happened that way.
“I’m not the only one keeping my identity a secret mister I’m wearing my glasses instead of my contacts and have grown out my hair,” she said as she twirled her finger around one of his loose curls, his hair had gotten a little wild over the last few weeks, he was too busy to actually go to the barber and have it cut, instead focusing on school and his stories.
“Oh, I will, don’t worry,” Bucky said smiling and Steve worried about what Bucky would do, “You know me, I have a big mouth and all, plus I couldn’t believe the whole Captain America thing, which is wild.”
He remembered Tony saying that she was going to need someone to come home to, and now she had that and didn’t know how. But Tony would explain, as soon as they dealt with the fight ahead. The Wasp stood next to Ant-man taking Scott’s hand, they had survived one fight, now that they had their family back, they would need to survive this one. With a surprise landing, Pepper stood next to Tony with a smile.
"So,” Hope said looking at the small group in front of her. “Who do we talk to about this? Who can help us crack this, because as brilliant as my father was, I don’t think I have the knowledge to figure this out.”
“Really,” she said her face lighting up, “I thought he had a crush on Bucky our first semester here, so I tried not to look his way.”
“There’s something that we never told you guys,” there was a sadness in her eyes, it hurt him just as much to see them all suffering but Natasha had taken on a heavier burden when Tony and him had both decided on retiring. This was one of the consequences of that. “Laura had been pregnant when she had, well you know, they had been getting back to being a family again, she had felt betrayed by him joining you during the war, but they had learned to be with one another again, so that day, Clint lost a lot more than just his wife, he lost that second chance.”
“What did you notice?” he asked genuinely curious about what Carol had seen that they all had missed, though now that he thought about it, Nebula hadn’t been seen since they returned. Usually she would be with Valkyrie or Tony, but he hadn’t seen her come near them at all which was a little odd for her, and he knew that she was strange as it was.
“You’re so tight Tony,” Steve said before he grunted, and Tony could feel Steve spilling inside of him. It wasn’t a little bit either, because apparently not having sex in nearly a month meant that Steve had been holding onto his urges until they fucked each other’s brains out. Tony didn’t hear anything else, his mind blanked out for the second time that night, hell he hadn’t felt Steve slip the plug into his ass either.
Tony looked around the room and knew it was the truth, hell they had just gone into the past and messed with the timelines, so for those people, their present day would be something different from what they were living. Nothing would have been the same regardless. Maybe Natasha would be alive, maybe Steve would have been the one to die, maybe Tony would have never gotten the reactor removed. Infinite possibilities, he hoped that they didn’t suffer the same fate as the rest of them did.
“Aww buttercup, you just miss Carol,” Tony said as he hugged his best friend. “Don’t worry she’s on her way, probably will show up glowing and everything.”
“He was at my store today and was in an accident, we’re headed to the hospital now, but I wanted to make sure that someone was called about what had happened,” Steve said to her but all Tony could think about was the warmth of his hand, they were a little rough, but that’s because Mrs. Rogers had told him that Steve had gone to the army.
He could feel Tony’s body shaking, there was a damp feeling on his shirt, and Steve knew that Tony was crying, not just at the thought of trying to pull off the strangest caper he had ever heard of but at the thought of losing the four kids that they had helped raise, and the thought that if he tried and failed to bring everyone back, it would break him completely.
“I thought that Tony was the chef,” she says as she wipes the tears from her face. “Why are you here Steve? Don’t you have a family to take care of?”
“We did stand. And yet, here we are,” the memory of the last battle he had been in, the memory of the lose he had suffered, everything he had gone through with Steve in the last five years, his kids, his life.
They were sitting so close to each other, Tony could smell Steve, and it smelled like heaven and apple pie for some strange reason. He pushed aside his thoughts and moved onto the work at hand, trying to distract himself and not attempt to take a bite out of Steve. As tempting as it was, he was still off limits, no matter how much Tony wanted to be near the guy. He wasn’t going to attempt anything if Steve was still secretly harboring feelings for Bucky.
There was a moment between Steve falling off the bed, and him running off where Tony had to stop and think if everything that had happened had been real at all. Except his roommate was still standing there looking at him dumbstruck, so what else could have happened if not this. Tony didn’t want to say anything in that moment, he still wasn’t sure where Steve would have run off too so early in the morning, his guess was work, but it was still a little surreal for it to happen.
He was left in the workshop alone as the girls walked out, most likely in search of Steve’s cookies, or something to have for dinner, he hadn’t thought that far. It had been a long day, but he was glad to have the kids around to keep him busy.
Scott held up the vial that had been strapped onto the suit, “These are Pym Particles, alright? And ever since Hank Pym got snapped out of existence, this is it. This is what we have. We’re not making any more.”
“No,” he shook his head, never turning to meet her eyes. “We knew the risks of going after him, we knew that it was likely that either he would die or we would.”
He hadn’t meant to get snappy with Steve, really, it was just that when you’re trying keep yourself from falling for someone, well they pop up everywhere. Sighing to himself Tony took his stuff back to his room, grabbed a smoothie from the fridge and a granola bar and started working on the chapter he had been working on the night before. Choosing to ignore his phone so that Nat wouldn’t track him down for the day, she had been trying to get him to socialize more, but he just wanted to work on his things and nothing more. Even with the guilt of being a dick to Steve gnawing at him, he just wanted to wallow for a little while.
Bucky came into the room dropping his bag on the floor before sitting at his bed for a moment, Tony noticed that he wasn’t the only one who was exhausted, it took the guy two seconds before he was up again digging for clothes and going off to the showers. It was weird to see his roommate there so early on in the day, the two of them rarely interacted with one another, but Tony ignored the interruption and kept typing ideas into his laptop.
“He cares about you,” Tony said actually thinking about all of the ways he felt when Steve looked over at Bucky, not knowing that there was two ways to look at a person. “I thought that he was still pining for you until last night,” Tony could feel the heat rising up to his cheeks, he had been so preoccupied about how Steve was in love with Bucky that he had missed every little detail of how Steve looked at him.
“No rest for the wicked,” Tony said and made to move again only to be pushed back by Steve. “Come on Steve, we need to work.”
Swinging it open he saw the two standing there all smiles, Jan had started at the school the year before and when she had heard that the youngest Starks were joining her, well she had opted to have Natasha as her roommate. Leaving Tony alone with his own roommate, who he still hadn’t had a chance to get to know, and honestly wasn’t in the mood to get to know him. It took too much work getting know people, and he just wanted to write fanfiction and build robots. Plus, he didn’t want the chance to develop a crush on his roommate’s boyfriend, it would cause too many problems.
When he arrived, the store looked like it was glowing, he remembered with Mrs. Rogers had run the place, she had always made sure that the lights were on well into the night, because winter always brought some kind of magic to it. Even with everything that Steve had done to revive the place, it still felt like the home that Tony had been given when he was a kid. His little safe haven. He wondered if he would still have that if the whole thing with Steve didn’t really work out, he didn’t even want to bring it up because he feared losing this little part of his life.
“Thanos believed in a balance for all life in the universe, he believed that if he had the power everything would be perfectly balanced and resources wouldn’t be scarce for those living in it,” Nebula said to the room. “Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me. Then when he worked, he talked about his great plan. Even disassembled, I wanted to please him. I’d ask, where would we go once his plan was complete? His answer was always the same. To the Garden.”
“Well you’re right about the fixer upper, but it’ll do for now… as long as you don’t mind me putting my own touch to the place.”
At those words Steve smiled at him, and Tony knew that he was in for a wild ride, “Now, normally you would have been naked before we started, but since I had you all tied up, I need to cut them off of you.”
“Buck, can you keep an eye on the store, call in Phil if you have to, I know it’s his day off, but he can help you guys close the store at the end of the night,” Steve said as Bucky nodded, “Sam you know how to close the café right?”
“Hey man,” Sam said before getting up. “I didn’t think that you would ever leave that room of yours.”
“No, you didn’t, you just wanted what you thought was right, even if it wasn’t, but that’s in the past, follow what your heart is telling you right at this moment, because right now that where all the hope in the world is for you.”
“Um pessing charges,” Tony said, and Steve knew that it was more against the pervert that had been in the store and not Steve, but it still scared him a little to hear that.
“Keep her safe Vision,” he said without giving Natasha the option to say no, she looked at him shocked for a moment, but he knew that she understood. If Clint had more than one person standing in his way, more than one of them reminding him of what he left behind, the man would be more inclined to return with them.
“How’s it going Ratchet?” Tony said walking into the room, patting Thor on the back as he passed the god.
Tony laughed, because his father almost always said that but never actually made it home until well after two in the morning. Everyone walked into the ballroom just as the employees began coming in, Steve was nowhere in sight, and Tony was honestly worried. Natasha stuck next to him, a similar look in her eyes, though they had plenty of distractions in front of them. Their mother banned phones from the venue for all of them, especially after one party where their father had been on a business call for most of the time and hadn’t gotten off until well after the party had ended.
“Liar, you planned for me to be as close as possible to you and you know it,” Tony answered not missing the smirk on Steve’s face.
“Yeah well, you promised that you would read one of your stories, but that was more motivation for me than anything, so I figured that I needed to give you something as well,” Steve was rubbing the back of his head, which only made Tony nervous. “It’s not perfect, but I figured you could put it with the rest of your collection or something.”
Slowly he moved off Steve, making sure to rub himself one more time against Steve’s cock for good measure, before kneeling on the bed next to Steve’s tied up body. Steve’s eyes never left him, and while Tony never got nervous when it came to anything, he was nervous about cutting Steve’s clothes off of his body without cutting him. Steve was already injured, and Tony didn’t want to hurt him more than he was already.
Tony wondered about how he saw Steve, and the first image was of Steve just smiling at him, his eyes so blue it almost looked like the sky on a clear day, even though the sky didn’t really have color, but this wasn’t about science. He thought about how excited Steve was whenever he made a new coffee flavor for him, mainly because Steve was a kind person, but also because Tony was sure that Steve hid things in the coffee. How Steve’s first instinct was to keep Tony safe even when he didn’t know Tony at all, or how he always knew to be there waiting for Tony when the library closed even though it was out of his way.
Because Fury had the Avengers, and Steve knew that, except they were too stupid to actually listen to anyone and instead found themselves split up. Steve could feel the churning in his gut, the feeling that he had messed up the moment he had made one decision. And even if Tony could forgive him, he knew for a fact that they still had to work through a lot of what had happened.
The rest of his day, if you could call endless meetings a day, was spent at Stark Industries, Pepper was on him for a million different R & D projects, while his father had him speaking with the board to assure them that yes he took his role in the company seriously, but he still wanted to teach and they couldn’t really stop him. It was fulfilling to him to shape young minds, plus he liked having them become interns at S.I. they had good ideas and the summer internship program was a good starting point for all of them.
The rest of the day was filled with Shuri and him pouring over hours and hours of notes that he had collected with Bruce, notes that thankfully hadn’t been erased when Ultron had taken over his systems. They went over everything Tony knew about the element that his father had left behind in the diorama of the Stark Expo, they went through everything she knew about Vibranium as well as the raw version of it that he had brought with from space.
He was joking, it was great, because they had been successful on their mission, but before he could make it out the door, the side door slammed open pushing him to the ground as the case slid away.
“We don’t know,” Natasha said to the room. “That’s the problem we have here, we don’t know where this is, why he went there or anything about what his ultimate plans were.”
“You know,” Ty said as he sat down during his break, “This story could be something else, I never had my stories work so well until we started working together, it’s nice.”
“I can’t lose this Steve,” he said feeling the tears start, “I don’t know if I can live through all of that again, knowing what I have now.”
“You thought what,” Sam said to him but Steve just shook his head, he wasn’t going to expose Tony to the world, especially since he was sure that Tony really just wanted his privacy as a student.
Quickly Tony sat on Steve’s lap, over his dick especially, wiggling around for a bit as mini Cap began to stir. “Hello Beloved,” Tony said as Steve looked at him with a smile.
“Wait until I rub this in Scott’s face,” Tony said with a smile. “Not the getting caught by Peggy part, but the fact that we got the stone and the pym particles, so he can suck it.”
“Yeah, I know, but after everything that had happened with us, and the conversation with that professor after one of my stories, I guess it’s was just the nail on the coffin on whether I should have just gone to M.I.T. like my father wanted.”
“It sorta seems like you can,” he said and Tony knew that this was the moment where he would really have to make a decision.
“Get to it Tony, I’m getting impatient here,” Steve growled, and Tony couldn’t help but smile, the only way for Steve to actually get out of those restraints was by him physically breaking their bed.
The inside of the store was warm, and the first thing he did was buy a large cup of coffee, Sam their expert barista, was behind the counter. It was late so of course some of the morning people left already, which worried him even more because it meant that Steve could have left for the day. He thanked Sam and walked off towards the stacks to look for something new to read, since he had read everything that he had already brought in the last few weeks. At least his excuse to come here was making them money and giving him too much reading material at the same time.
“I cried right before we got dessert, but she asked to see me again, so we’re going out tomorrow,” America said speaking mostly to Miles as if they were just hanging out and talking but, for Steve it felt nice to get to know his son’s friends.
Instead of arguing with Steve about paying, he pulled out a twenty-dollar bill to put in the tip adding a little smiley face to the bill and a note to Steve in binary, because why the hell not, it wasn’t like he was going to see it anyway. Slowly writing each and every number so that he wouldn’t miss the right combination, he was nervous and it was really really stupid of him to write it but it didn’t matter.
“You better be right,” he said frustrated with the other man. “I’m not going to lose my family twice,” he rushed off towards the next battle, watching as everyone fought for their lives
“What do you want Bucky,” Steve said from the floor, and Tony just wanted to throw a pillow and cry over losing the most perfect nap in the world.
“Thor, sweetie, I know you are hear with your lovely boyfriend, but I need you to drive Tony and Natasha somewhere, if it’s alright with you,” her face was serious as she said it because Thor’s eyes turned serious the moment she was done.
Steve hadn’t come back right away, and Tony had been glad for the few minutes he had to himself, mainly because a story was already brewing in his mind. He opened his laptop and started typing away, the story was about the first time him and Natasha had a recital together, it happened on the same day he learned that Nat, as well as their brothers, were all adopted, it was the day he learned that sometimes a family could be stitched together, they didn’t have to be born into it either. He changed as much as he could about his own life, not wanting people to know too much about who he was or about his sister.
“She would kill you too,” Tony said, and honestly it was the best date he could have ever hoped for.
“Sorry,” Bruce said getting up, “We stayed up last night talking, and then the Hulk talked to him, so it was a little emotional.” Bruce made his way over to Thor and gently shook his away, “Thor, time to get up.”
“Tony,” he said before kissing his husband on the lips. “I would pick you over anyone else, I did pick you, I’ve known you longer than your dad, the commandos, even Peggy, you’re my life, you gave me a home and a family, I need you and I really wish you would get that through your thick head.”
“Why don’t you ask all of the Asgardians how much my help was worth, the ones that are left, anyway, because honestly I don’t think my help was worth much,” Thor looked close to tears, and they all saw that he was trying to pull away, but Bruce held firm.
At those words Steve pressed down on Tony’s watch, which was now on his hand, until it was cranked all the way up. Tony hadn’t thought it was possible to feel something like that, but fucking hell with the way Steve was plowing into him while biting down on his nipple, he could feel everything that was happening.
Clint grabbed onto Shuri and pulled her away from her own monitor. “Yes,” he said pulling the young girl in the same way he would pull his own daughter. “You two are eating with me and the kids.”
“It’s okay, but we need to set up some ground rules on this, because I don’t want to walk in on you two doing things.... yup.... nope not thinking about that.”
The Hulk sat down for a minute as Steve explained to him what he needed to do, because even though they had told Bruce they always had to explain it to the Hulk as well. The mission was important, more important than anything they had ever done, but Bruce had used the last five years having others teach the Hulk, the big guy liked audio books and glass figurines, he also had his own place in New Asgard apart from Bruce’s place. It was interesting to know just how much the Hulk had evolved over the years, even when he hadn’t seen it all himself.
“Sure, why not,” he said as they made it to the second-floor bathroom. “Now stand here while I get your bath ready, and please don’t tell your pops about what happened.”
“On my way down to coordinate search and rescue,” other Steve said to the room, when all of a sudden Loki transformed into Steve, Tony realized at this point that Loki could be their one advantage in this whole thing, mainly because he can make himself look like anyone, which meant that they wouldn’t know that his Steve wasn’t their Steve, they could all think that it was just Loki playing tricks on them.
“I think so too,” she said before walking off to the little area they had made into the children’s section, complete with silly carpet and everything.
It took them most of the morning to get to the base, Camp Leigh was the beginning and the end of SHIELD, where everything started and where Steve learned the truth about what had happened. They had talked about the whole ordeal, it had taken Tony a long time to learn to forgive him for not saying anything sooner, but now it didn’t matter. They had their life together, their family.
“When were they both there?” Steve asked knowing that Scott was about two seconds from trying to stop them from doing whatever it was that they were about to do.
“I even started drawing them, which was weird because I refused to pick up a Captain America comic since third grade, but I didn’t draw the version of Cap that my father did, I drew myself instead, and then I drew you as Iron Man,” Steve said, and Tony could see the blush creeping up. “I think I wanted to create my own version, because the one my father created didn’t feel real to me.”
The other reason it took so long is because I was writing for Cap-Iron Man Big Bang, so please look forward to that being posted soon. I also started the Bookstore AU, so I'm going to divide my time between both stories, hopefully I'll be able to post on each every other week until they're done.
"Riri told me to come and save you,” she said as he picked her up. Which also meant that his girls had been listening, Riri more than Kamala would know the ramifications of doing this crazy plan without being absolutely certain. They had all lost a lot over the years, they weren’t willing to lose anything else.
“If you don’t mind me asking, why did you and Bucky really break up, I mean it looks like you still like him and all.”
“No, it’s just that the only really good Chinese place is on the other side of town, and there was a huge line tonight,” Steve said to him before kissing Tony on the cheek. “Only the best for you.”
At those words Steve could feel the heat rushing to his face, this was something that he should have probably not known about. “How do you know about this?” he asked curious as to why she knew.
“So why are you ending the series,” Steve had asked looking at all of the hard work that his father had put into the characters over the years.
The moment they all walked off and got into the suits though, he could feel his hands shaking, even having Shuri help mass produce the suits with the same nanoparticles that he had for his Iron Man suit, well it hadn’t helped. Yes, they would be protected, and yes, the particles could adjust to whatever they needed, but they wouldn’t be safe at home, and he could lose everything. Hell, he could get stuck somewhere in the Quantum Realm and never come back.
“I love you too,” Tony said, his voice barely a whisper, but it was everything that Steve had ever wanted to hear. At age twenty he was sure that he had found his soulmate, and yes, he could be thinking about this whole relationship a little too quickly, but with Tony he was sure that in any universe they were meant to be with one another.
Getting up he walked back to the counter and tried to figure out what kind of coffee he wanted, the first one hadn’t been strong enough but Natasha had ordered it for him, so this time he wanted five shots of espresso added to it if he had to. Plus, it gave him a reprieve from hearing Natasha and Jan talk about their love lives, or at least Natasha talk about Bucky. Although it had been nice to have more information that she had for once. When it was his turn to order he was greeted with the very familiar smile of Steve behind the counter.
It took him two hours to finish, the chapter was around twenty thousand words, well he could have gotten carried away writing it, but hell he only had one shot at this story, and he wanted to pack in as much as possible. When he was finished, he grabbed another granola bar and shoved it in his bag with a cold brew Frappuccino before heading out to the robotics lab to work on his bot, all the while making sure that Natasha didn’t see him. Which was hard considering she knew him better then all of their siblings put together, there was also the fact that he wasn’t very good at being sneaky.
And you aren’t, either, but I see the way you two look at each other, and you would be an idiot to let him walk out of your life because you were afraid to have a little faith in him.”
He broke through the rock with the wonky hammer attachment and the lamplight shone into the sunless dark beyond for the first time in over a hundred years.
Putting his hands on the surface took all his will, as the stone was in shadow and he couldn’t see what he was touching.
He perched on the side of the bed, one leg bent over the low railing and the other braced on the floor.
Jimmy didn’t believe he gave a bent nickel about the lost men from the turn of the century, any more than he’d cared about the bizarre chain of misfortune that had followed every crew he’d brought down here to clear the abandoned shafts.
Its weathered sign proclaimed it the Crow Mountain Mining Company Store, and it might have been abandoned along with the entire company store system, but the old manual gas pump out front had current prices, a satellite dish protruded from the roof, and a small neon Budweiser sign still glowed above the door.
He swept the beam over the empty space, still unable to get a sense of how big the cavern truly was.
Tony could not see his chest rising at all, but he could hardly trust the shaking, rushing dark at the edges of his vision.
They were near the door to the Clean Zone, where they would be found, and it seemed he’d deliberately put them both out of his own reach before he handcuffed himself to the post.
This is more “little gray men doing butt stuff to yokels” territory, but we’ve heard of parasitic offworlders before.
A little sign on the front door of the house said “Back in 15 Minutes” but there were two trucks with current plates in the small gravel parking lot.
The faint hiss of the sprinkler cut off and the far door slid open, admitting them to the Clean Zone.
“You can hear Her, can’t you?” Tony and Steve followed the voice, pinpointing the source somewhere up the darkened mural wall.
Instead of grappling him as a fighter would, though, it only tried to hold his arm out of the way so the rest of it could seek his face and neck.
Steve lifted him against his hip and they felt their way through the darkness by the feeble light of Tony’s secondary arc reactor, flickering dimmer and brighter in time with his failing heartbeat.
He let his face sink into the leaves and pine needles and took Steve’s hand as the first shockwave made the ground pitch and heave.
The file hadn’t talked much about Buckman’s wife except to say she existed and could be used as leverage, but that seemed like Machen’s old school chauvinism.
The muscles in his neck and the veins in his forehead bulged, his throat straining against whatever was inside of him.
To his relief, he did not see a single hint of grey in his veins or any other sign he was less than perfect.
A feeble attempt, but he needed something to distract him from the sound of Thor laboring to breathe. Steve smiled for a moment before Captain America took over.
As the lift rattled into life, they stared into the absolute darkness of the cavern, and from somewhere within it came a last bleating chuckle of laughter.
He gagged and struggled to stay upright as the world slowly reoriented around him, solid ground under his hands and an awful feeling like being dismembered or disemboweled as Steve tore the tentacles away and out of him.
I know you aren’t interested in talking to me, but you could at least try to behave like a… a professional, while we’re working.”
The sensors and electronics that studded it had gone dark and lifeless, and the metal looked as though it had burned or eaten into the flesh until it had fused with the skull itself.
More of the tentacles punched out of the man’s mouth and a spray of broken teeth clicked against the floor.
It wasn’t much of an improvement: musty from constant recycling underground and harsh with the lingering scent of disinfectant, but at least the carbon dioxide meter in his suit would soon edge out of the orange warning range.
Jimmy crossed himself and whispered a prayer, though he’d never felt so far from his mother’s God before.
“Steve, there are over a hundred people missing at this point…” Tony started, but Steve shook his head decisively.
Tony reached out to hold him back while all around him the vague violet outlines of figures otherwise invisible crept and slithered in the deep darkness beyond their ragged circle of light.
He longed for some dynamite and a crew of miners to speed things up, but the old machine— Hammer Tech with the serial numbers filed off, if he wasn’t mistaken— got him through the thick slabs and drifts of gravel left by the long ago cave in.
Like everything else, it seemed that the human minders of this place had abandoned its security for more pressing concerns.
He pulled his hand back to reach for something, fumbling at his suit coat, but whatever rode him drove away his last sane urge.
He flew them over the remaining mass of tentacles, but with Machen distracted they seemed more inclined to flee or stop to consume their wounded.
The afternoon temperature was already falling into the forties and a clammy mist stretched grey tendrils through the skeletal limbs of the trees.
Thor’s eyes had vanished and pools of darkness shifted overlarge in his sockets, the same deep, cosmic emptiness that Tony had seen beyond the portal.
It’s just taking a while because a lot of it is offline, and if I boot it all back up the security measures could get a little annoying.”
Tony gave up on dignity and cuddled against him as his body began to gain awareness of all the places it had stiffness and pain.
Steve stood on his left, still leaning on him, and on his right he could feel the forlorn weight of Mjolnir grieving as the earth breathed around them.
Throughout the compound, Tony could see high-contrast lines of delineation where the modern facility had updated the nineteenth century mine works, gleaming steel and concrete jointed on to pitted and scarred iron and wood.
“I’m boosting the power to our communicators over short range and borrowing some juice from the equipment here.
“Once I get out of here I have no idea if I’ll be able to make myself come back, but they need to be prepared if this goes even further south.”
Tony and Steve came to stand behind her, and Tony’s hand went out on its own to wrap around Steve’s waist.
He pulled his arm back inside the cramped suit and tapped a brief message into the comm panel: 38C CORRECT TUNNEL.
The story I heard was that he became more and more obsessive about his dreams and started chasing them with drugs.
One entire side was devoted to an enormous screen and the cool LED lights of sleeping computers winked below it.
For the first time that day, he felt some hope for them, even if it was mixed with irritation that Steve wanted to send him away.
“They dragged you in here almost dead, then they pumped you full of blood and amphoteracin and you almost died again.
He drifted off longing for the bright skyline of New York or Los Angeles, places he’d heard of but never seen where the light never went out, one arm draped over his wife, ignoring the way the black goat’s hideous leer seemed to wait behind his eyelids.
It set him on an even, sloped surface, a tunnel or trench so narrow that he could brush both sides with his fingers.
“I told him he had options, and no point waiting around for someone who didn’t share his priorities.”
She always seemed to know what was going on, and Tony had attributed this to her super spy abilities, but he had the terrible thought that maybe she was Steve’s Thor.
Lightning arced all around the clearing, striking the grasping arms, and they writhed and smoked where it struck them.
They climbed into one of the lab’s long black SUVs and Tony joined them for the drive down to the town of Crows.
He found the missing SHIELD agents and townspeople a little further in, bound to either side of a narrow slit in the rock.
Mother’s final screams ripped through their minds and Tony heard the metallic crunch and the impact of flesh, the accident that had killed his own human mother.
They rode the empty lift, smudged with streaks of black foulness that were far worse than mere soil, in silence.
“Thor could bring back the samples we took,” Tony said, and he hated how pleading he sounded, but even one person away from this mountain would be a victory.
He sat on the other cot and weighed his desire to take off the armor against his desire to have as much between him and the mountain as possible.
The light in his chest flickered back to life as his heartbeat stabilized, diffused and unfocused after the damage to the chestplate and housing, and the suit began trying to eject the sludge that clogged the exhaust ports and vents.
Tony pointed to the screen, where the date showed October 13, but where the year should read there was only a line of corrupted graphics.
He made it to the Helicarrier still fashionably, or as Pepper would call it, infuriatingly late. He walked in to the briefing room with the faceplate still down, not sure who would be around or what they would see in his face if he raised it.
One six year old girl died of ovarian cancer at Virginia Tech, and it looks like Machen had all her files sent here and then someone made them classified.”
But She has shown me the world to come, and She will need more strength than this old husk can provide to give birth to it.”
Once the doctor and his team had the right tunnel and it was stable, the contract was over and he’d take Machen’s final payout and never see Old Crow Mountain again.
Tony turned his scanners on his stricken teammate and they reported a fever, a sluggish heartbeat and poor oxygen saturation.
Out here, nothing came between them and they had no need to speak as they blasted and battered their way past the pursuing tentacles toward the heaving bulk of the thing’s other end.
There were more stains here where something dark and clotted had been tracked across the floor and smeared up the handrails.
Even through the view plate of the armor, Tony could tell there was something wrong with the whites and the blood vessels stood out stark black against the pale gray of his skin.
He seems like an old school kind of guy, though, old enough to maybe even have some ties to the Third Reich.”
The man, a fully trained agent of SHIELD, had sobbed in his last moments, and the sound crackled with his ragged breathing.
He could feel something thicker than blood running from the wounds in his inner thighs and his whole body felt fever chilled and tired.
The vibration of its final scream broke a dead oak nearby with a wet crack and the tree crashed to the ground as Thor went to his knees.
He caught a glimpse of lab coat, the filthy gray still shocking white against so much black, and a final snatch of mad, wet tittering as the thing that had been Doctor Machen scuttled over the lip of the chasm and disappeared from view.
Jimmy widened the opening, keeping an eye on his improvised meters and gauges for instability or poisoned air.
The rock, for it had to BE rock, felt loathsome and soft, slippery with sourceless moisture that smelled like sea water and the slime of long-rotten vegetation.
He had spent a great deal of time trying to make an explosion unlikely, but it still wasn’t so hard to undo.
He thought he heard his mother again, behind him, and he turned around to look for her just as he stepped off the ledge into the lightless abyss of the chasm.
It left his lips and tongue numb and his head throbbed from fever and lack of oxygen, and it left him with a lingering taste of salty water and mold, an oily and pervasive essence that he could smell more than taste.
His heart beat quickened and fluttered and his brain activity spiked as he looked at Steve with his ruined eyes.
He swept the light back over the wide ledge, illuminating the hideous goat and Machen still clinging to it.
The shield’s edge had left a gash and a deep dent where it had fractured his fragile skull, and the severed metal circlet had embedded in the wound.
Something dark and fearful flitted over Steve’s eyes before he made himself smile again, and Tony had to wonder how close he had been to dying.
Clammy mist still shrouded the ground and the trees still dripped with damp when he landed, but the rain had gone and left the moon veiled in shreds of cloud.
Thor went instead and brought out a cot, food and water for him, though he refused to eat and only sipped the water.
He coughed, a low, rasping bark, and covered it by arranging the green blanket around his shoulders with exaggerated dignity.
Ventilation grills in the floor and ceiling blew a constant, steady stream of air that dried the antiseptic quickly. “No sign of the weird residue in here, or any of those… things,” he said.
He wanted to face Tony again, but not as this Steve Rogers, but as the one that got along with Tony Stark, as the one that had been friends with him long before the fight in Siberia, without what Tony had dubbed his depression beard. So, instead of heading towards medical, Steve made his way towards his room, ignoring the laughing coming from the common area, ignoring those in the kitchens as they called out to him. He locked the door of his room and looked at the one place he had left behind, his home, it had been something that Tony had given him, something tangible in this new world. He had made friends here, a family, and even though he had constantly denied it, he had also fallen for the wayward genius.
“You got it in one,” he answered slowly rubbing his side, it hurt like a bitch, but he was going to have to deal with it.
Steve wanted to apologize for a lot of things, he wanted to mostly make sure that his husband was alright. “If you could go back and tell him off would you?”
The Captain America comics have been nominated for over two hundred Awards during it’s twenty year run and has won over a hundred awards including, The Legacy Award, Incredible Heroes Award, Phantom Award for rising Artist, and the Heroic Age Award.
Is this good? I have no clue, but it's what I wanted to happen, I want Nat alive and everyone struggling to be happy while everything is happening. What will happen to Tony, well you'll find out in the next chapter!!
“Want some lunch?” he said to her but she snuck back into her little fort and came out wearing one of the armors that he had been building in his garage, this one for Pepper, since he had finished a prototype armored car for Happy.
“Hold your horses Steve, I need something to drink,” Tony told him before rolling forward and grabbing a bottle of water from the mini fridge. “I’ve never talked this much in my life.”
“Tony,” Jan said giving him the most serious look. “When have we ever done anything that would give you any kind of break.”
He made his way through the crowd, slowly weaving his way through everyone, wondering why they were having a party when the end of the semester didn’t happen for another week and a half, but they probably just needed some time off. Tony nearly bumped into the drinks table as the throng of people pushed him forward. It was weird because there wasn’t more than fifty people in the house, but in his mind, he felt like there were a million of them and he was just moving like molasses just to get to his destination.
His phone buzzed in his pocket, there was only two people in the whole place that knew what he was doing and even though he knew he should move and actually sit up and look at his phone, all he did was pull it out and turn his head, which isn’t the best position for reading text messages, but he didn’t care, he was too comfortable, the pillows were perfect and soft.
"So, you might not see me for a long time,” the words weren’t meant for Nat, they were meant for Rhodes who looked defeated from the other com channel.
“I don’t need saving,” Tony grumbled before adjusting himself on the couch just as Rhodey stood up picked up Tony’s legs and sat down next to him putting his legs on Rhodey’s lap.
“Hey. You said one out of 14 million, we win, yeah?” he asked wanting something to hope for. “Tell me this is it.”
“Nope, I told you that you were going to suck me off,” he answered as he climbed his way up. “I only opened you up Steve, I’m still tight as ever.”
“There’s food in the fridge and delivery coming, so you’re not going to move from that desk until you’ve signed off on everything important,” she said to him staring him down with that look that he feared would cause her to one day become an evil villain.
Tony was alive, the kids were alive, and they were all fighting, this was no time to give up, even though he could feel his hands shaking, even though his body felt like Morgan’s favorite pudding, he needed to keep trying. Digging the shield to the ground he stood up, taking the leather strap of the shield and tightening it, it reminded him of the first shield he had back in his USO days.
“Look, I know that I'm way outside my paygrade here. But she still isn't here, is she?” Clint said defensively, Tony knew that this could go south quickly, with the pain of her death too fresh in their minds.
He heard Thor before he saw him, which was hard considering Thor towered over all of them, but Thor picked him up and swung him around. “There you are,” Thor said before putting Tony on the ground. “Come, I need to introduce you to my boyfriend.”
“How about dinner,” Tony said with a smile on his face, and that was what did it for him, all Tony had to do was smile at him and Steve was putty in the man’s hands.
“Good job,” Tony said to Scott as he picked up the case. To everyone in the room he was just another SHIELD agent picking up something that had fallen by chance. “Meet me in the alley, I’m gonna grab a quick slice.”
“What kind of present,” Tony asked knowing full well that it would be something dumb, but they’ve been best friends for years, and they usually got random things for one another, mostly from where ever they were in the world.
“FRIDAY, do me a favor and activate Protocol 8,” Tony said as he activated the shield for his suit, Clint standing next to him.
“My brother once told me,” Shuri said as the sky turned purple, “That no matter where I am in the world, I will always have the skies of Wakanda with me. When I became queen I understood what he was saying, as I watched that first sunrise in front of my people, and it hurt more than anything because it was something we had once shared.”
“Why,” he asked while trying to take a bite out of the food on the counter, before Steve hit his hand.
“Where did you get that,” he said, knowing full well that the other man had the same compass in his uniform with a picture of Peggy, still not able to let go of the past.
“See, the rules of the Quantum Realm aren't like they are up here. Everything is unpredictable,” Scott said while eyeing Natasha’s sandwich. “Is that anybody's sandwich? I'm starving.”
“Well he looks like he’s found a star, so as long as he treats you right it should be fine,” he told her and he really was genuinely happy for her about it as well. They deserved happiness no matter what, “The only thing that bugs me is how he doesn’t know we’re related, and honestly I’m not telling him either,” he liked the relationship him and Bucky had struck up, mainly just going to eat, because Tony hardly ate when alone, and talking about the students at school, their classes, and of course the love of Bucky’s life, his sister. Though he hadn’t mentioned his little crush on Steve, and that was something he was keeping to himself.
“I thought you were still pining over Bucky, or dating someone else,” Tony blurted out and Steve knew that this was going to be something that they would have to work through. He had a history with Bucky, and most likely the whole rumor about him and Sharon had gotten to Tony as well and he hated for not squashing it when he had the chance.
“We’re Spider Bros,” Miles said which made Tony laugh, since it played on his and Bruce’s science bros joke.
“...And secondly,” Bruce continued before Tony could say anything. “Time doesn’t work that way. Changing the past doesn’t change the future.”
Steve couldn’t figure out if Tony Stark was a real person, he had just blurted out a million things that Steve really shouldn’t know, and yet he found it oddly adorable. Even more now that he knew that the Tony his grandmother had talked about him meeting one day was actually the same one standing in front of him. His grandmother was always a matchmaker, she always wanted her grandchildren to have nothing but happiness, hell Steve was sure that his cousins all met their significant others because of their grandmother’s meddling.
Steve usually took morning duty on the weekdays, making breakfast after his run, waking the kids up for school, and driving them there before going to work on another project, usually painting or heading over to NAF to talk to Natasha about their progress, before heading back and picking the kids up on his way home. Tony was on night duty, cooking dinner, helping with homework, as well as Morgan duty, who was a happy toddler now that she had people around her to care for her. He knew that the orphanage tried their best, but with so many kids it was a lot harder than anyone would imagine.
“You should not be wearing that, okay? This is part of a special gift for your Aunt Pepper and Uncle Happy,” he told her as he pulled the helmet off and saw the gleeful smile of his little girl. “There you go. Are you thinking about lunch? Want a handful of crickets with your sandwich?”
“Hi,” Tony said, and if his voice squeaked just a little it didn’t matter, this was real, he was meeting Steve’s parents. His last relationship was all family and business, and his parents already knew the people, sometimes it felt like his parents were trying to socialize him, but then it almost always backfires, so this was new.
“Do you know that you’re in public, and near kids, what did you think that you could get away with this,” she yelled at the man before grabbing to pull him off the chair, most likely to get him to the back office so that she could call the cops, but some of the parents were already dialing. If there was one thing that came to mind to Tony in the minutes after it happened it was that he shouldn’t have gotten too close, but he knew that someone needed to get between Natasha and the perv, and since none of the other employees were close enough, Tony had stepped up.
All he could do was sigh, he didn’t know what to say that would reassure the man he loved, but before he could even say anything the door swung open and Peggy Carter stepped into the room. The two of stood still, neither one knowing what to do, but when the lights went on, Steve could see the sad look in Tony’s eyes, he knew that this was a moment that Steve had dreamed of for years. But what Tony hadn’t known was that the moment didn’t mean much to him anymore, he had everything he could have ever wanted.
“Thanks Natasha,” he said trying his best to smile before walking out of the kitchen, the food on the counter left behind, before walking past everyone at the party, his friends smiling and happy. Sharon and Sam talking to one another, as if they had finally gotten on the same page, but without Tony everything felt out of place and he hated it. He walked up to his room on the top floor, because no one wanted to live in the attic, but it was private and something that Steve never really had at home, not when he had his brothers around all the time. There, alone for the first time that night, he cried over what he had just lost.
“You mean Steve,” Jan said pulling the pillow away from Tony’s face, “They’re not together, I mean they were, in high school or something, James told me one time when we were in class together, but when they came here they found out that there were other people in the world, and they broke it off. They had been best friends since they were kids, and from what I heard they had come from a really small town, you know the ones you see in movies where there’s literally 50 people in the entire class.”
“Dad,” someone called from downstairs and Tony felt himself stiffen, because if there was one person who couldn’t really lie to anyone it was Riri, she had a tell that only Steve could see.
Steve looked at his best friend in shock, he wasn’t sure what the hell was happening, “What, Buck no, she wanted to, but I pulled away.”
“He wash goin affer her,” Tony said, his speech slurred but it was nice to know that Tony would defend someone without thinking about it.
“And most likely second guessing yourself in the process. Just go, I know he would want to see you, and if you’re trying this hard to look your best you want to see him too.”
Before anyone could say anything else, Bucky kicked the door in, and the conversation turned into Tony introducing his best friend to Steve’s best friend. Leaving Steve alone with his thoughts, mainly about Tony saying anything about him. He was sure that they were becoming friends, but he wasn’t trying to push those boundaries and try anything further. He was pulled out of his thoughts when someone else walked into the room, and all of a sudden, the place felt too packed in. Steve saw Bucky light up as his girlfriend walked towards him, and Tony went and pushed Bucky out of the way just so that he could hug his sister.
“Okay, America’s Ass, I’m getting to it,” he said with a sigh, he actually missed Steve’s domineering side so much. “After you’re all plugged up, I’m going to feed you my dick little by little while I open my self up, and then when I’m good and ready, I’m going to ride you like a bronco.”
“Good,” Steve told him before kissing him again and sitting back. Turning the car on and driving off. There weren’t a lot of cars out on the road, so getting back to the house was easy, but once there he could see the hesitation in Tony’s eyes. Steve knew it was because of what had happened the week before, one misunderstanding nearly ruined something that had just started.
It was the first time, since they brought Riri home, that they were alone, just the two of them and Morgan. Clint had taken the kids to the old farm house, Cooper wanted to get somethings before he himself went off to college, but Steve had known that it was because he wanted some closure as well. They had survived, and while the Barton kids had lost their mother, they were still desperately trying to keep their father. The three of them had devised a plan to get their dad to let go of the past before he got himself killed, because out of all of them, Clint was the only one who had trouble letting go. It scared the kids, and it scared Tony, Steve tried his best to keep everyone together but somedays it was a little hard when one of them wouldn’t let go of what they had lost.
“Hey there, you two, how’s everything going,” she asked them, which meant that she knew what they were up to. Steve looked at Tony as if he had given out their secret.
“You know,” his father said as Steve tried to figure out where to start. “I always thought that out of all of my kids, that you’d be the one to keep these comics alive. I never thought that I would have to end any of these for a long time.”
Sharon was a nice girl, Steve knew this, but for some reason he wasn’t attracted to her, it could also be because he’s seen the way that Sam looks at her and he didn’t want to be in the middle of Sam’s crush on her. Even when Sam had tried to get over it he was still pining for Sharon, and honestly it wasn’t there for him, that same feeling he was having over Tony. He thought about Sharon, and then about Tony, his mind automatically turning its attention to Tony who he wanted to get to know better. Hopefully they’ll find some middle ground at some point.
“I don't believe we would,” Steve told him, and Tony knew that they were going to fight over this, he didn’t want to fight with Steve. Even after blowing the television, even after the tea party and the conversation with Shuri, he hadn’t really expected this to be happening.
“A family you say,” she smiled at him. “I have a family as well, I wonder if you’ll meet them one day.”
“But you hate it, and you have a freshman for a roommate this year,” Steve said knowing it was weird, but actually a common thing for some upperclassmen to room with incoming freshmen.
Miles moved forward, sitting next to Tony, giving him that puppy eyed stare that he had learned from Steve, “Please dad we want to help.”
He looked down onto the tiled floor and pondered on who he could replace Tony with, until he felt an intense stare from someone in front of him. He glanced up through his eyelashes and stretched back out.
"I can't do this! I can't! I can't!" Steve sobbed into the palm of his hands. The paper crinkled as his hands fisted together. Still crying, he opened back up the crinkled paper and read the top of the page.
Tony stayed quiet, pondering at the memory. He suddenly felt like a child and his heart started to race out of love and excitement.
"Where were you when I had panic attacks huh?! O-or when I wanted you to sleep with me?! We haven't talked ever since Bucky came. Not once did you try to make it up to me. Did you seriously think that your husband was going to be okay with you hanging with another guy all the time?! I saw you two sleep together as well when you should've been sleeping with me!"
Tony blushed and smiled. He shook his head as he focused back on his work, laughing quietly at his darling captain.
"I'm so happy for you," I said simply. Steve relaxed his shoulders and smiled like a puppy. His eyes were glittering with happiness. I wished he looked at me like that.
I stopped panicking and realised they were my friends. I groaned as I tried to propped myself up against the wall. I felt Thor's arms supporting me and I finally got a good look at where I am once I was comfortable.
"I-I'm going to kill everyone in the end. It's going to be my fault. I-I can't watch you die. I can't!"
Steve stared hopelessly at the white wall in front of him, hoping that Tony would just appeared out of nowhere asking for shawarma. He looked down at the floor, remembering the damaged Tony Stark laying on the cold floor of the Siberian Hydra facility. He remembered the look on Tony's face as he realised that Steve Rogers was actually going to kill him until the last second when Steve snapped out of his intense rage.
Tony stood, somewhat hopeful as he watched the two men smiled lovingly at each other. He was then pulled out of his trance as he flew again, this time ending up in a cold, metal place. He looked outside, snowed covering the place. He turned back around, this time seeing an older version of himself in a scratched up red suit. Steve was standing by a man who had a metal arm.
Eventually, Steve felt super comfortable to the point where he also fell asleep. A few hours later, he woke up and panicked for a few seconds as he couldn't figure out where he was. He then realised that he was in Tony's bed and relaxed back into the bed.
I sprayed my cologne on, shook the nerves and blasted some music. I replayed my plan over and over my head. I would walk up to Steve, confident and cool, take his hand and ask him out on a date. Simple right? But I'm so nervous. I know we've hurt each other really bad in the past but I'm over it now.
Steve sighed and ruffled his hair. He wished that Tony still looked at him like he did when he was a kid. Even though he knew Tony was no longer a child, he felt the responsibility to look after him and he really did love him without Tony knowing.
Tony walked towards the door and swung it open, revealing a Natasha standing with her hands on her hips. She raised an eyebrow and smirked.
Steve, not bothered by Tony's remark, shook his head and gave his puppy eyes. He looked as if he was a child begging his parent to let him sleep over at his friend's house. Tony sighed and closed his eyes.
Tony felt chills run down his back. He was definitely not expecting this but somehow he was kinda of happy.
I threw the screwdriver across the room with such force that it stabbed itself into one of my suits. Great. Now I have to fix THAT one.
Steve walked over and placed himself on top of Tony's lap, watching as Tony grabbed his phone and opened up an app.
"I do not sound like that," Steve said, clutching his stomach. Tony flipped his hair and made his way closer to Steve, standing in front of him.
Tony stayed quiet, feeling emotional, not from his fear but from the deep love that the Captain had from him. He leaned back into Steve's chest, feeling as kisses were placed upon his head.
"I love it," Steve said genuinely, love pooling over his eyes. He grabbed Tony by the waist, gently pulling him closer to peck him on the head. Tony cupped the taller man's face and caressed over his cheeks with his thumbs. Steve leaned down, fully kissing the shorter man with love.
A year ago, Steve was called out to Afghanistan to train the soldiers. The military thought it would be a good influence to have Captain America leading the team and thus making Tony not being able to see him for a year. Before Steve had left, they were good friends but throughout his time while waiting for Steve, he realised that he wanted the chance to love Steve as his partner.
Now that Tony had said it, he felt like he could finally understand her point of view. He always did ditch their date to help Steve. But why?
Tony winked at the camera before the video stop. Steve's tears flowed gently down his cheeks as he felt his heart yearn for Tony. Wiping his tears, he opened up the paper and gathered his courage. Stepping out of the room, he walked into the reception area and stood in front of the podium. Breathing out, he opened his mouth to speak.
Tony scoffed and continued onwards, ignoring Steve's question. After setting up a profile and a short bio, Steve took back his phone and ran back to his room to explore this new world of Instagram.
He slammed the door shut but Steve stopped it with his foot. Tony stomped back inside while Steve followed in after him.
"I'm sorry Tony," Steve said, pulling back, "I remembered you saying I was so cool and that you loved me. I've always wanted to be the hero that you thought I was."
"I love you," Tony whispered as they both pulled away. Steve smiled, hugging Tony tightly as he let his head hang on top of Tony's.
Silence fell upon us for a while until he spoke up. This was the first time he has asked a question since he woke up.
"I need to get him back," Steve said with determination in his eyes. He placed his half-drunken hot chocolate onto the table in front of him and stood up. Bucky smiled and stood up alongside with him. He patted his back in supportiveness.
Glancing down, the pair's positioned had changed as they slept. Tony was now facing him, hiding his face in Steve's chest as his arm laid heavily over the captain's ribcage. Steve's leg was draped across Tony's, his foot landing in between the shorter man's ankle. Steve smiled fondly as he lightly ran through his fingers through Tony's hair and realised that he had slept the best in a very long time. Closing his eyes, he resumed back into a dreamless, warm sleep, holding Tony close to his body.
Tony bit his lip, not knowing what to say anymore. Steve huffed and turned on his heels to enter the elevator.
Steve glanced sideways before reluctantly agreeing. He followed Nat to Tony's room and stood outside his doorway. Nat pushed him inside and closed the door. Steve looked at the door behind him hopelessly and then onto the sleeping Tony.
He unfastened the sealed ring around Tony’s bed and came in carrying a small paper bag in one hand..
“I haven’t gone all the way through his file, but Machen vetted him extensively before he brought him on board.
Thor’s face could be incredibly difficult to read if he chose, and the longer Tony sat up the more everything hurt, but he
Steve sighed and stood up. Tony thought he was going to leave but then felt all the heat from under the blanket quickly disappeared as he realised that the blanket was being lifted up. Tony felt the bed dipped downwards and another source of heat that was emitting next to him.
Steve knew that Tony was talking about when he visited him with Ant-Man about their time-travel plan.
"Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you," the blonde-hair man said as he firmly shook. He returned the smile with a sweet gaze. Both men excited for what to come.
Tony tilted his head as he watched the two men perched on the edge of the balcony. It was a quiet night with nightlight all over the city.
"Tony? TONY!" I shouted as I shook his body to wake him up. Grabbing my speaker, I pressed the emergency button and shouted for Bruce to come down to the lab. Within a few seconds, I saw Bruce running towards me and knelt down.
"Steve...a year ago you asked me to forgive but don't forget. Well. I know it's hard but I'm asking you to forget. I forgave you and you forgave me. I know it's not ideal but if you look at it in this way, if we didn't have the fight, I wouldn't have gone to the hospital, you wouldn't have shown up and we would still be on non-talking terms. It's twisted up but I'm glad it happened because I realised I love you." I said sweetly into his ears. Steve's body trembled underneath me and cried. Not out of sadness but pouring all the guilt out for a new start.
"Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you," the blonde-hair man said. He smiled gently and shook hands firmly with the inventor.
Tony gaped with his mouth wide opened. He mentally slapped himself after hearing what she said. Because you know what, she was right. Steve didn't call for important matters, they were mainly trivial things like 'what's the WiFi password,' or 'Tony, how do I connect bluetooth?' And every single time, instead of Tony explaining it over the phone, he always chooses to stop what he's doing to go help Steve.
At some point throughout the night, Tony woke up in cold sweat and felt like he couldn't breathe. After a few minutes, he finally calmed down but didn't want to fall asleep in fear that he would wake up again in the same state. Groggily he walked out of his room and noticed the light to Bucky's room was still on. Tony scoffed and turned around to take the elevator down to the kitchen.
"When I did an interview yesterday, a reporter asked if I had an instagram account? I don't know what that mean."
"That's the problem! It's not a matter of cheating or whatever. It's the fact that the last three dates, including this one, has been cut short because Steve rang you."
Natasha stepped forward and picked up the ring delicately in her slender fingers. Clint sighed behind her.
"I'm sorry I'm s-such a f-failure!" I screamed out loud. I felt two skinny arms wrapped around me and I knew she wasn't mad at me but I still felt like shit. Nat rubbed circles on my back and I thought I was calming down.
But right now, here standing was the great Bucky Barnes who has miraculously survived the impossible - like Steve, and is now being reunited with his long lost best friend. Tony felt a pang of loneliness and emptiness. Would things change now that Bucky is here? Would he lose the love of his life?
Tony shut his mouth and closed his eyes as he took in Steve's rant. During the mission, Tony was suppose to fly by to pick Hawkeye up and assist him with fighting however for some reason, Tony never came, leaving Clint quickly trying to find another way  to scramble towards the sky in order to have a better chance at beating the Hydra.
"Steve I forgive you. Please understand. I love you and always will," Tony said as he smiled. He leaned upward and kissed him gently on the lips. Steve tightened his hug, crying as Tony caressed his back.
"There's no need to Tony. We're done," a woman firmly said as she slapped some cash down onto the table. Tony's body softened and looked at her with a shock-stricken face.
"Tony found it," Natasha said, crossing her arms. She refused to give the ring back until she got answers.
"I took it off because I went swimming! I didn't want to lose it in the ocean! And what do you mean I don't love Tony anymore? I love him with all my heart," Steve answered sadly.
"I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you."
Steve swayed and hugged Tony a little longer than what was deemed acceptable. Tony felt a rumble through Steve's chest and realised that he was chuckling.
"I love you," Tony whispered, suddenly feeling that maybe everything was going to be okay. At least for now. He felt Steve smile as he basked in the warm silence and for once, his mind was empty.
"Tony? Tony.' Steve said, waving his hand in front of my face. I blinked several times, hoping that my tears weren't going to fall. I quickly used my rag to wipe my face, faking that I was wiping my sweat when I was actually wiping the tears.
Tony closed his eyes as he two men started to go at each other. When Tony's blast hit the Captain's shield, Tony fell through a hole, somehow ending back in Tony's room. He saw that Steve was cuddling Tony on their shared bed. He smiled at the sight, warmth filling his core.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, bracing himself for the rejection to follow. I mean, why would someone like Steve want someone like Tony?
"I'm telling you," Steve said quietly but firmly, "I'm not going anywhere. Not me, not the team. No-one."
"I saw how you looked before," she started. Tony sighed and leaned against the door frame with his arms crossed. He cocked an eyebrow, waiting for her to continue.
I packed a light bag and booked the next available flight to New York. Putting my aviators on, I stepped outside the special facility where Bucky was held in and sighed.
"I love you! You're so cool. Dad always talks about you. I want to be like you when I grow up! I want to save the world!"
"Don't follow me," Steve said coldly as Tony was about to enter after him. Tony stared into Steve's eyes for a split second before taking a step back and watched as the door close.
Steve's posture relaxed a little as he felt like he was being too harsh on Tony but he continued to stay quiet and listen anyway.
"Sorry babe, gotta go!" Tony said as he reached into his blazer pocket."I'll make it up next time. Promise."
Tony was tired and didn't have the energy to put up with the banter. He sighed until he heard footsteps coming closer his way. Both Natasha and him turned their heads to see who was coming. Tony eyes lit up when he saw Steve but then his face dropped after realising that Bucky was following close behind.
The woman ripped her arm away from Tony and bid her goodbye, leaving Tony speechless in the middle of the footpath. Angrily, he called for his suit as he ran and flew off into the sky. Even though it was his fault, he wanted to blame Steve for the fact that he had just lost the best girl he had ever met.
"Can I come in?" Steve said gently as he looked upon Tony. Tony nodded, pushing himself away from the end of the bathtub to let Steve step in from behind. As Steve slipped himself to sit behind Tony, his arms wrapped around the shorter man's stomach protectively and pulled him closer. Tony sighed, closing his eyes and leaning back against Steve's chest.
Steve's shoulders softened at the name of Tony's father. He shifted his weight, crossing his arms tighter.
"Hi," Tony said whilst nodding. He gave a tight smile, one that doesn't reach his eyes. However, the Captain was too enthralled by the person in front of him to notice that Tony was feeling anything but happy. Tony slipped himself out of the conversation, leaving Bucky and Steve alone together. He strutted back to his bedroom and was in the middle of taking his shirt off when a knock came through.
"Mhm, nothing's wrong," Tony mumbled. Silence fell upon them as both men pondered as to what to say next. Steve was worried as Tony had been quiet the entire day except for when they went on a mission earlier.
the hospital! You can't do that!" I cried, grabbing my gun to stop him. I pointed at him while glaring.
The next morning, Tony found the teddy bear stabbed on his bedroom door. Horrified, he quickly took it down and went to grab another bear to place outside his door. A couple days went by with the same routine until Tony eventually decided to become extreme.
"I know," Steve whispered, tears flowing, "I just never properly said it. And I've been thinking about it these days and I still feel so...so guilty about what happened. You were my boyfriend. I should've protected you."
The real Tony watched as Steve hung his head, tears dripping down onto the ground. He saw a gauntlet on Tony's hand  and then looked to stare at himself.
"I said," Tony breathed in heavily, looking down onto the floor, "would you want to go on a date with me?"
"I know you forgave me about what happened with Bucky but I feel so guilty. If I hadn't said that, I wouldn't have put you in the hospital and made you hate me," Steve cried.
Tony cocked his head in frustration as he looked at Steve. His eyes bored into his, both men fighting for the dominance.
He stood up, not caring about the fault that was made during the mission, but cared about how Tony was doing. He entered the elevator and bit his lip as he kept going down memory lane. Young Tony's face kept flashing in his mind until he got out the elevator and stopped behind a couch and looked down at the shorter man. He saw Tony's body tense in his presence.
"Umm...well...Bucky woke up... And h-he's been adjusting well to the new world." I mentally slapped myself. The reason we're here in the first place is because of Bucky and I just mentioned his name within the first five minutes of him waking up.
Steve ignored Tony's warning and enveloped Tony's body against the kitchen counter. He felt him tense up under his hug and Steve buried his head in the crook of Tony's neck.
Steve quickly straightened himself up with a deep red blush forming from his neck to his face. He quickly shook his head in disapproval.
"Trust me. If teddy bears doesn't work, he has changed. Just try it," Bucky said comfortingly. Tony nodded and thanked for his advice.
"Tony!" Steve yelled angrily once he had stepped into his bedroom. Tony poked out from behind and smiled sloppily.
Finally. No more missions. I know Steve was busy trying to find Bucky ever since there was notice that he might be alive but maybe if I ask, he'll make time for me?
"Great. Just great." I said, plastering a fake cheer in my voice and a fake smile. I fumbled with my thumbs until he spoke up again. Steve was sitting on the bed now.
Tony and Steve argue probably more than any average couple due to their clashing personalities. But they probably love each other harder than any average couple. They care about one another and are always there for each other no matter what. But Tony can't help but wonder if Steve would've chose Bucky over him if Bucky was standing here a few years earlier.
I gripped the edge of my desk and thought intensely. Okay. Today's the day. After many years, I'm finally going to ask him out. I'm just going to be confident and cool and -
Steve had walked passed the lab where Bruce and Tony had been working together and peered inside. He watched as Tony laughed genuinely and felt like Tony didn't need him anymore. His heart broke and became convinced that he was pestering Tony too much by constantly trying to talk to him. The team knew that Steve and Tony was slowly losing touch with each other but they also knew that they love each other too much. They didn't blame Bucky but they also didn't know how to get those two talking again. During missions, Steve and Tony worked in sync however once the mission ended, it always end in Tony desperately looking at Steve while Steve walks away, back to Bucky's room.
Tony rolled his eyes and sighed. "Stevie, you're dating the technology genius of the century. If anything happens, I can deal with it."
Tony sat and slept in the living room for a day, waiting for Steve to come down to the living room. He never did. Eventually, he grew tired of waiting and decided to call Bucky Barnes, Steve's closest friend.
"No, no no! It's fine. it's your right. Look," I started, shifting myself to a better position, "I...really don't know. I was so STUPID. You...You meant the world to me and I threw that all away for...him."
Steve looked at me with a shocked expression and cried even harder. I was taken aback. I thought he would've liked it.
Steve frowned and placed his piping bag onto the bench. He leaned back against the counter, supporting himself with his arms.
"If he just need your help, why don't you wait until we finished our date for the night? It's not like it's anything important."
"Stevie..." Tony heard the scruffy-hair man say. He watched as the Captain's eyes watered and returned the hug with the same intensity that the metal man had given. Tony knew all about the metal man. His name was Bucky and Tony knew he was someone of upmost importance in Steve's life. Sometimes, Steve would tell Tony stories of Bucky and him when he felt sad. Sometimes, Steve would cry in his sleep and mumble Bucky's name. Sometimes, Steve would get panic attacks and scream for Bucky to help him.
