she wants to ask. Instead she sets the shopping down on the worktop with a clatter. “Is it?”
Joanna opens her eyes and looks up at Adrienne. “This lock is an idiot.”
and another just below it:
“We would,” Sherlock says, his voice strained. “The enemy of my enemy, etcetera.”
“I wouldn’t worry,” Joanna says. “I’m not his type. If he has a type.” She slides down until she and Harry lie side-by-side, shoulder-to-shoulder. For a moment they stare in silence at the ceiling, at the elephant-shaped water stain above their heads and the motes of dust floating in the lamplight. “Did you ask Clara to take you back?”
Mycroft turns to the end of the book. Standing at his side, Joanna can see the bloodstain seeping through the thick paper, and the title printed in a slender, old-style script across the top of the page:
, Joanna thinks, remembering the yellowed pages of her grandmother’s book.
He makes a small, satisfied noise. “A miscalculation on his part. I would’ve chosen a spot closer to Sarah’s.  You’ve lived in a war zone before, but an implicit threat to a civilian, to someone you care about – that would’ve made for a much more effective message. He missed an opportunity there.”
“You’ve been avoiding me for weeks, Jo – you’ve left me no choice. I’m kidnapping you and feeding you at least one meal that isn’t served freeze-dried in a packet.” She drops her mobile into the handbag over her shoulder and snakes her arm through Joanna’s, leaning close to take some of her weight. “Come on. It isn’t far.”
“You need to get into dry clothes,” she says, but she pulls her dressing gown from its hook on the door and goes downstairs anyway. She’s seen Sherlock undressed before – modesty is not one of his virtues, in either sense of the word – but if he wants some privacy, she’s happy to give it to him. She’d like a little of her own, come to that.
“You’re welcome.” She looks down at her plate, picks up a piece of broccoli with her chopsticks, and flings it neatly at Sherlock’s face. It bounces off his forehead and lands in his lap.
Sherlock must see her then; she feels his sharp, stunned breath like a knife in her chest. She is so cold and so still and he’s almost out the door, fire be damned, when the shadow pushes him back into the house.
When daylight filled the cottage, the girl went to the window and saw Death standing again at the door. She held out a hand and offered him the pomegranate. He did not take it. “The hermit’s fever has broken,” the girl said. “He has no need of you now.”
“I’m not that short.”
Joanna has seen these pages before, has carried home pocketfuls of crow’s feathers and watched closely as her grandmother prepared decoctions of valerian root for sleeplessness and willow bark for pain. Gran prefers small problems with smaller solutions, but at the back of her stiff-paged book there are recipes for more. Recipes Joanna isn’t meant to read.
Joanna takes a small step forward. “What?”
“My shoulder’s fine, Mrs. Hudson.” Joanna turns off the phone and tucks it back into her pocket. “Anyway, he doesn’t need me. He only texted to say he wouldn’t be home tonight.”
He stills, a subtle tension in his back and shoulders that disappears a moment later. “Of course I did it on purpose,” he says. “I used a hammer.” He turns in his chair and fixes her with cool, unreadable eyes. “I don’t want you here. Not while I’m awake, and not while I’m dreaming. I don’t know how to make that any clearer.”
“You know why. Don’t ask foolish questions.” Gran takes the recipe book from the shelf above the oven and sets it on the table in front of her. “You read my book without my permission.”
Her hand slipped, and the burning tip of the soldering iron caught the soft flesh of her thumb. She hissed and dropped the iron to the floor. She unplugged it with a jerk on the cord, but not before it scorched a small, black-edged hole in the lino.
sigh. “Oh, the pain,” he says. “The agony. It’s terrible. Oh god, the pain.”
Joanna thinks of the blinking cursor and the empty page. Of her gun, lying loaded at the bottom of a drawer.
‘Anything,’ the orphan girl said, and meant it.
Joanna lets her cry for a bit, wondering if Sherlock can hear them downstairs. He’s been without a case for nearly two weeks, and has spent the last few days obsessively reading the classified section of every newspaper he can find, muttering about secondhand hoovers and a lost parrot. When she’d asked what he was looking for, he’d simply said, “Fan mail,” and grabbed for the next paper in the pile.
“Good,” Gran says. “Yarrow.”
.” Her voice cracks slightly. “And I knew. I knew he was really gone.”
“Then yes,” he says, “she probably hates you.” She feels him shift beside her on the bed, and a moment later he presses a cup of cool water into her hands. “A half bottle of gin and you’re sicking up into your landlady’s sink. So much for that famed Watson tolerance.”
“What if it were one of us, Gran?” Harry says, in what Joanna privately refers to as her very-reasonable-barrister voice. “What if Joanna or I were ill, and we refused to do what the doctors told us? You would drag us to hospital by our hair.”
At first the rich man’s wife did not believe him, but you and I know that Death cannot lie; the body in the bed beside her was cold and still. The rich man had been dead for hours, while his wife lay sleeping.
She tells them over dinner. Harry comes up from her flat in Westminster, steps through the front door in a cloud of cigarette smoke and subtle perfume and gives her sister a false, jarring smile. “Hello, darling,” she says, because she calls everyone
She walks up to the flames, coming as close as she dares – a stray spark could swallow her whole. The wall of fire seethes in front of her, popping and spitting with heat, and through the smoke she can see the rippling, unreal canvas of the warding spell, forced into the visual spectrum by the strain. The spell clings to the chipped paint of Mrs Hudson’s kitchen door, a sheen of magic woven from familiar threads, black and white and blue and all burning. If not for the fire, they would be close enough to touch.
Harry opens the boot and tosses him a bag of dry cleaning. “Make her put some clothes on. She’ll be impossible to reason with until she gets it out of her system.”
“Nicked the subclavian artery,” Joanna says, the ground cold beneath her cheek. “She’ll bleed out in ten to fifteen without immediate attention.”
“It means that Moriarty hired you for a reason,” Joanna says quickly, her eyes on the fragile line of Sherlock’s throat. “He chose you because we served together, because I’d been your doctor. He always intended for us to catch you.”
“Maybe not,” Harry says. “But she was old when we knew her.” She props herself up on one elbow, leaning over Joanna until she can reach the bedside lamp. She switches it off, and the room goes dark. They settle into the silence, shoulder to shoulder. “When Mum and Dad died,” Harry says, “I asked Gran to bring them back. I begged her.”
,” he says, lingering over each syllable with a sort of morbid delight. “The devil’s weed. A popular hallucinogen among the desperately spiritual and terminally stupid.” He grins. “Supposedly used by the witches of medieval Europe in their dark, ecstatic rites.”
“She never hurt anyone,” Joanna says, stung. “She wouldn’t have.”
“After my parents died. Yes.” She turns, looks at him properly. Houses flash past in the taxi window, tall and aged and regal in a quietly condemned sort of way. A neighbourhood of the magnificent dead. “I’ll tell you about it, if you ask.”
“You’re just a child,” she tells the boy. “You shouldn’t be here.”
The other woman takes a step back. “Doctor Watson—”
The kitchen is dim, the lamps shattered or obscured. Moran smiles down at her from the shadows, his expression polite and slightly pained. “An ambitious attempt, certainly. I should point out, however, a minor flaw in your execution—”
“I called you selfish. I’m rather selfish myself, you see, so I recognise it easily in others.” There’s a brief silence, and movement on the stairs. “Do you know, Harriet, how rarely your sister sleeps through the night? Insomnia, nightmares, her mad flatmate with an unfortunate habit of lighting the kitchen on fire when the tedium sets in – it’s remarkable that she manages to get any sleep at all. And now you, her self-pitying drunk of a sister, making midnight visits.” Another silence. “Stay here. Don’t touch anything.”
Joanna circles the glyph with her pencil. Definitely Ceres – the hooky bit on the top is all wrong for Jupiter. “People have looked to the stars for guidance throughout human history, Gran. I’m just trying to follow in their footsteps.”
The hermit woke as she pulled him upright and set the cup to his lips. “I am already dead, girl,” the hermit said in a voice that crackled like burning wood. “I wish to suffer it alone. Leave me be.”
“I didn’t—”
“I’ll see if she’s taking requests,” Joanna says, and returns to her bedroom. A moment later, she hears him descend the last of the stairs.
Joanna opens the box and finds something else entirely.
The sound is exactly what it should be – a hollow, mechanical click. When she looks up again, Sherlock is staring down at her. She can see the question waiting in his eyes. “Yes,” he says. “I know.”
“Yes.” She leans forward on her cane, her fingers folded around the handle. “Your parents died young, Joanna, and so you think all death is unfair. It isn’t.” The corner of her mouth twitches in something like a smile. “That, I think, is the last lesson I have to teach you.”
“Twice. Both times to defend a patient from an immediate threat.” She looks away, easing her weight off her leg. Her fingers twitch, reaching for the cane she no longer needs to carry. She forces a chuckle. “You were right about one thing – I’m definitely about to crash. Mind if I kip on the sofa for a few hours?”
She’ll say it until it sounds like the truth.
Another silence, and his posture shifts, his shoulders and back tensed as if bracing for a long-expected blow. It looks nothing like his usual eagerness. “Yes, I understand,” he says. “Hold the scene until we arrive.” He rings off and turns back to her, his expression stiff and unreadable. “Five bodies found in Coldfall Wood, all buried for more than a decade, all children. Are you coming?”
“Sorry,” she says to the shadow standing below. “How much of that did you hear?”
“Don’t answer,” Gran says from her armchair. She’s sitting beside the second floor sitting room fireplace, swaddled in blankets and shivering with a marrow-deep cold Joanna cannot feel. “He’s only here to sell you some rubbish thing we don’t need.”
She tugs free the last weed in the plot and lifts it in the air. Its fine roots tickle her wrist. “It is done, milady. I’ve slain the weed-beast.”
Joanna looks again at the white, curving lines painted on the rubber. “An invisible car?” she says. “Isn’t that a little—” She stops, frowning. There’s something eerily familiar about this moment. About the words she was about to say.
Adrienne’s eyes go wide with exaggerated innocence. “Oh, I
“While I was dreaming, did I say anything?”
Adrienne steps close behind her. “You don’t need that.”
‘Give him back to me,’ the widow said.
“Drive!” Sherlock shouts, and Harry’s foot hits the pedal hard, sending them speeding toward Baker Street.
“All the more reason for me to stay. You shouldn’t be alone if you don’t have to be.” She points to the half empty glass of gin in Joanna’s hand. “And what’s this, then? A little liquid courage?”
After that, they fall into habits.
“Not to me, and certainly not to Mycroft. If he knew I was destined to die for his brother’s sake—”
and she almost forms the words aloud before the dream fades and she recognises Sherlock, trapped outside on the fire escape. He’s crouched at her window, trying to free the latch.
, she thinks,
, she thinks.
Adrienne looks up from her mobile, expectant.
He was always so far away, before. It never occurred to her to wonder what she would do if she could touch.
“She most certainly did.” Gran shifts to the side and walks past her, limping down the garden steps. She inhales, breathing in the fading warmth of the night air and the bittersweet smell of growing herbs. The shadow of the hawthorn tree sways behind her in the dark. “Guidance throughout human history, was it?”
He rolls his eyes and sits beside her on the bed, the violin balanced carefully in his lap. He fidgets for a minute in silence, running his fingers almost soundlessly over the strings. Then he says, “I could play something lovely, if you – if that’s what you want. I mean. Not
“Doesn’t seem to have affected your appetite much,” he says, just before shovelling an enormous bite of sweet and sour pork into his mouth. She’s hardly surprised that he goes without during cases, if he eats like this between. He takes a drink of water, and she watches the muscles of his long throat move as he swallows. An answering heat stirs low in her stomach, and it’s entirely, wonderfully absurd, like everything else about him – like everything in her life since the moment she set foot inside his flat.
“James Moriarty,” she says, and there is the echo of another voice beneath her own. “Sebastian Moran.”
“We’ll be safe in Baker Street,” she says. She sees his reflection in the window pause. His hands leave her hair, the plait finished but untied.
is the book’s last story. Joanna sinks down to sit on a nearby steamer trunk, turning past brittle pages filled with animals that speak and murdered children who sing, men built from river clay and thieves who fear the dark. Stories that change the shape of the world.
and his
Joanna shudders and the oak shudders with her, still growing as its limbs lengthen and branch and bloom, straining against the walls and ceiling. Seeking sunlight in the verdant dark.
And so the witch Agamede stayed by the water, the memory of the man’s face burning in her mind like candle flame.
“No, no,
She looked down at the pool, the book of secrets cold in her hands. “If he has left me,” she said, “I shall have no fear of death.” She watched as the book sank seamlessly beneath the water, and then she turned.
tree!”
“My point exactly,” Sherlock says. “You’re a moron.” He disappears into the pit.
“Good day, good sir,” the girl Agamede said to Death.
“You are out of your depth.” Mycroft’s voice is too loud in the little room; it echoes in the following silence. Sherlock stares down at an open file, still but for the fists clenched white-knuckled in his lap.
The house is tall and old and narrow like most near the wood, but it seems almost curiously well cared for; as her eyes adjust to the sunlight, Joanna notes the neatly trimmed hedges and too-perfect flowerbeds, the fresh paint on the eaves and window frames. A child’s swing hangs from the branch of a nearby ash tree, swaying gently in the breeze.
The house is unfamiliar at first, a silent maze of clean-swept corridors and long, narrow stairways. Lamps along the walls light her way, and she follows them past doors open and closed, past rooms of white-shrouded furniture and tall, dark windows.
Sherlock sighs his
“Bloody hell,” Harry says to the kitchen table. “I need a
“Right,” Joanna says. “Well, it was nice to see you again.”
The woman shakes her head. “He disappeared from his bed in the middle of the night. First of November, 1981. The police thought he must have run away from home, but he was only seven years old and so
He turns a page, oblivious.
“Of course,” Joanna says, and trudges off to the bathroom. She cleans her face and teeth, re-plaits her hair and changes her clothes. When she comes back downstairs, there’s footage of a bombed out block of flats on the television.
Mycroft tips his head slightly to one side, watching her with a bland sort of curiosity. “He trusts you, Joanna. Don’t you think he deserves to have that trust returned?”
This, of course, is a grievous tactical error on Mycroft’s part; Sherlock immediately begins to sing the word
Joanna has been Sherlock’s crime fighting sidekick long enough to know that this is when things devolve into pointless insults and bickering. Sure enough, Sherlock says, “Honestly, Anderson, even
Sherlock stands by the window, watching his mother closely as he plays. He is sixteen and skinny, all elbows and bony knees, but his bow flies over the strings with a familiar quick grace. The piece is difficult, slightly discordant; she’s heard it before. She thinks it must be Prokofiev or Paganini, something he plays when he’s in the mood to show off. Joanna leans against the doorframe and listens, thinking of home.
, it says in a flowing, dramatic script.
Her wrists and ankles are bound tight with plastic ties. She forces a smile. “Ta.”
All of which is worth precisely fuck all when he’s about to get his neck snapped by an enraged serial murderer.
The memory of that moment is nothing compared to this.
She tosses him his wallet, and he catches it. “I certainly hope so, yes.”
“I am not.” She holds the glass as Gran takes a sip of water. “Just because I’m not an exhibitionist lesbian or a sex-crazed octogenarian with a baldness fetish—”
“I will cure the hermit whether you agree to my wager or not,” the girl told Death. “His life is not the prize.” She opened the door of the cottage and raised her stubborn chin. “If the hermit lives through the night, you will give me one gift – one that I will name.”
“He enjoys exposing and manipulating weakness – my weaknesses, certainly. I suppose he did the same with you.” Sherlock pauses. “Which did he choose? Afghanistan or your father?”
“I do, and it
“Nope,” Joanna tells the roots, side-stepping them with a sort of deft, drunken grace. “Going home now. Never coming back. See you in hell.”
“Ugh, fine,” she says, and uses his shoulders to push herself unsteadily onto her feet. “I’ve not gone hypothermic; it’s just the aftereffects of the curse. It’ll wear off soon.”
The bed is unfamiliar, but the sheets smell like her laundry soap – like Baker Street, and subtle extravagance of Sherlock’s shampoo. She lies curled on her side, facing the faintly lit outline of the bedroom door, and underneath the blankets she’s wearing her dressing gown, a pair of woolly socks, and absolutely nothing else.
“Later,” Murray says, and she nods. They walk on, their boots loud against the pavement.
There is her reflection, of course – the swinging plait of her sand-coloured hair and the untidy stiffness of her new school uniform. The scuffs on her sister’s old shoes. The mirror is tall, full-length and angled slightly towards the floor; the frame simple, oval, wood. The glass seems darker than it should be –
“Good,” Gran says. “Datura.”
“The mirror?” Joanna asks, frowning. There’s a cracked antique mirror over her grandmother’s armoire that might be worth something if the glass were replaced; still, she can’t imagine why she’d— “Oh,” she says. Gran’s hand slips from her suddenly loose fingers. “The mirror in the attic.”
He looks away, and the image fades.
“Goodbye, Doctor Watson,” Adrienne says, and slams the door shut. The car disappears into the Baker Street traffic, white chalk sigils still spinning on its tyres.
Sherlock’s hand follows the curve of her spine, sliding down until his palm rests in the small of her back. “Adrenaline,” he says. His voice is low, as though he isn’t speaking to her at all. “Addictive variation on an acute stress response. Norepinephrine, dopamine, serotonin—”
“Minsk is in Belarus.”
His eyes follow her as she leaves the room, and for a moment her chest aches as it had beneath the water, too full and painfully tight. She stops in the corridor, breathless.
Joanna sighs and looks over her shoulder at the dying oak. “Don’t blame yourself,” she tells it. “I’m a modern independent woman; you’re a tree. It never would have worked.”
“You shouldn’t lie to him. Sherlock. Not about the magic.”
He smiles then, thin and false and cut with cold condescension. “But it was never really a risk, was it? The mirror’s already shown you how you’re going to die.”
Joanna tips her head back, far enough that she can see the fuzzy grey expanse of Gran’s cardigan and the displeased set of her chin. “Gran, I know you don’t approve of divination—”
She holds his gaze and nods.
“No,” she says. “A mirror. He smashed it with a hammer.” She smiles and feels the bite of the glass. The boy’s hand folding hard around hers. “I’d hurt him, so he hurt me.”
In Joanna’s dreams, her grandmother is alive.
Sherlock’s shoes step closer. “Joanna?”
“I’m not a witch.”
, girl. Give it here.”
“I followed you to Mycroft’s office.”
“Peter Barrow,” Sherlock says. “I remember the case.”
The bed is ruined.
“I’ve come to say goodbye,” she says some hours later, after the heat of the afternoon has faded from the attic air. She smiles, feeling a little foolish, and shakes her head. “I’m not sure why I thought this would work. It’s stupid, but I thought – maybe you still looked sometimes, even if you couldn’t remember why. But you live in the world as it is, and I—” She stops. Looks down at her hands and traces the small scars that line her open palm. “I think it’s time that I live there, too.”
His touch is delicate, clinical; she hardly feels it. “You’ll be sore here tomorrow. This joint absorbed most of the impact when you sent us into the water.” A damp strand of hair falls in his way, and he brushes it back over her shoulder. “Your hair was plaited when you left for Sarah’s. When did they undo it?”
“A small mirror is useful in any number of situations. I’ve always carried one.” He moves closer, a sharp-angled warmth at her back. Lingering in the periphery of her vision. “I’ve done something to make you angry. What is it?”
It’s subtle, but she sees some of the tension bleed from the still muscles of his shoulders. “Perhaps, but you’d take less time in the shower if you cut it.”
Joanna hasn’t seen her grandmother’s house in nearly fifteen years.
The door swings wide on well-oiled hinges when she gives it a small push, opening fully onto a narrow corridor. The house is quiet but for the soft ticking of a clock in another room. She hesitates at the threshold, Sherlock close at her back. “Hello? Anyone home?”
He meets her eyes, watching her without the slightest flicker of emotion. “Then why are you angry?”
Other portraits line the wall – men and women with Sherlock’s eyes and Mycroft’s cold smile, standing and sitting alone and together with the house always behind them, changing little through the centuries. Joanna follows them down the length of the room until she reaches the library door.
“You’re losing control, Joanna,” Moran says. “Would you like my help?”
“No,” she says quickly. “No, not at all. I just—”
“You’re not
Joanna tries to pull the cane from the wall. The wood prickles with heat, and it refuses to budge. “How do I—”
Joanna buries the starling in the garden, beneath the hawthorn tree.
Another silence, shorter this time.
“My mother didn’t trust you,” Joanna says, and it’s true – she can’t remember this house or this woman or any children she might have, but she knows she shouldn’t be here. She knows it isn’t safe. “Sherlock, we need to—”
The pull surprises him, and he drops the comb. She hears it fall, but he doesn’t bend to pick it up. He stands close, and for a moment she can feel the warmth of him at her back. He drags his fingers through her hair, and they slip through easily, unimpeded by tangles or knots.
But the house is already reaching for her, greedy in its fear, and before she can brace herself the wards drink deep from the living heat inside her, draining her through the needle and the thread and the stitches in her bleeding hand. The numbing cold spreads from her arm to her left shoulder and side and she shudders, locking her knees to stay upright.
, the oak cries,
After the war, her dreams are always the same.
“Yes. Well.” She tries a smirk. “I am still capable, you know.”
He turns to her, his focus sudden and blistering. “You knew this would be here. How?”
He’s almost too gentle – careful to hold the hair at its root, his grip too sure and his fingers too steady to jerk or pull. He eases each tangle free with the slow precision she’s seen him use with fragile fibres, with glass slides beneath microscopes and the taut strings of his violin. His touch is so light, it’s almost as if her hair unknots itself.
written on it in a sharp black-inked scrawl.
“When she wakes,” Sherlock repeats without inflection. “You mean
“I’m not dying tonight, child; I’m in far too sour a mood. Death himself would hesitate to cross me while I’m in a mood like this.”
“Oh, it’s no trouble,” the woman says as she bustles into the corridor. She wipes her hands on a tea towel, her small silver spectacles fogged with heat. “The biscuits are still in the oven, is all. I’d hoped they’d be ready by the time you arrived.” She tucks the towel under her arm and holds out a tiny, wrinkled hand out for Sherlock to shake. “And you must be her Mr Holmes. Lovely to meet you. Just lovely. Come in, come in. So sorry about the mess – it’s always like this when I’m baking, I’m afraid.”
“Death must taste better,” the hermit said, but he ate all the same. When it was gone, he slept deeply. The girl sat beside his bed and watched the sun rise in the sky before it sank again below the trees. She lit a candle to keep away the dark, and it burned until sunrise.
He finds a stubborn knot at the nape of her neck and her scalp sings with pain, a symphony among the stinging roots. It makes her muscles go loose and her mind go quiet, and when she opens her eyes she sees the thistle and the ivy withering at her feet.
Joanna smiles, rueful. “‘Fear death by water,’” she says, and the man nods.
Sherlock slips out the door on the other side and slams it closed behind him. Alice gives Joanna an amused, slightly pitying look. “Not Alice either, I’m afraid.”
A dead birch tree stands outside the window.
She runs after it.
Showers of plaster and brick crash down through the branches as they run, tripping over broken furniture and the oak’s shrivelled roots. Mrs Barrow’s house sways, its walls buckling and bending around them like something from a fevered dream as they flee through the ruined sitting room and parlour and into the front hall. Joanna hears the ticking of the hall clock just before Harry forces her way through the front door and into sunlight.
The girl thought this over carefully. Then she said: “Sir, I would offer you a wager.”
She grins stupidly at them. “If I gave them my blood every day, we’d have a full-grown garden within a week.”
“Never Harry’s,” Joanna says, and just stops herself from saying more. She looks down at their hands, at his fingers cupping hers in a gentle parody of palmistry or affection. “Not all the cuts were self-inflicted.”
The orphan girl loved the boy in the rich man’s house more than she loved any other living person, but she did not think that the sort of thing you could tell a witch. ‘The boy is my best customer,’ the girl said instead. ‘If he dies I will go hungry and never be fat enough for your supper.’
When she wakes the flat is quiet, and Sherlock is gone.
Sherlock watches her for another long, silent moment. Then he pivots away, takes out the phone and punches the Accept key with his thumb. “Sherlock Holmes.”
“Do you promise?”
“It’s wood rot, I think,” Joanna says. She sniffs. “Maybe mould?”
Sherlock watches her fingers as they move briskly down his chest, opening his shirt. “No,” he says. “Koi pond.”
“Last night.” She takes another delicate sip of her drink – not her first of the day, then. Possibly not even her second. “It was a preemptive strike. She’s been threatening to leave for months; I just beat her to it.”
“Yes,” Joanna says. “I understand.” She crouches down and sets the mouse on the stone steps. It sniffs the air, its small nose quivering, and then disappears into the winter-brown garden. She stands again, slipping her hands into her pockets. “Was that my lesson? That every spell has its price?”
had been a particular favourite of Gran’s; she’d taken a great deal of pleasure in defacing his author photo and filling the margins with rude commentary about the size of his magick wand.
“I’m not an invalid,” Gran says, “and you’re not my doctor.”
“We have no gold,” the girl told the thief. She did not quiver or cry or say
“I didn’t know it would be here,” she says. “I dropped my notepad, and when I bent down to pick it up, I saw the writing.”
“Joanna,” Sherlock snaps without turning. “The tree. These morons think it uprooted naturally.”
“Four months ago my parents died in a traffic accident,” Joanna tells the boy in the mirror. “No one will say it, but they think it was my dad’s fault.” She takes a shallow, unsteady breath. “I think they’re probably right.”
Joanna pauses. “I do, actually. If I’m going to open the door.”
“He is gone,” said a voice like the hermit’s, a voice from the white birch trees. “He has left you.”
“Cunning woman,” Mycroft repeats, lingering on each syllable. “I quite like that, don’t you?”
she thinks;
Joanna has more experience with the dying than the dead, but she’s sure enough when she turns to Sherlock and says, “A toxin, most likely self-administered. Judging by rigor, I’d say time of death was between eight and eleven o’clock last night.” After moonrise.
and he will break down the door and kill Mrs. Hudson and take Joanna, and all of this only to make Sherlock burn.
. A short smudge of ink and the name
The midday sun crossed the sky, and the widow polished the stone until it glowed like gold. When she looked at the stone she saw herself as a young bride dancing in her wedding clothes, as an orphan girl selling flowers in the street, and she saw the grove of white trees, but she did not see her beloved.
He’s still reading at the table, his dirty hair limp and falling into his face. He looks as though he’s been sleeping rough for a week, or not sleeping at all – his eyes are bloodshot and bruised, his jaw dark with unshaved stubble. She’s seen him severely sleep-deprived before; she’s never seen him like this.
“Now,” she says, and the shadow stabs the needle into its own heart, plunging the point deep into the wood of the door.
Boyle grins wide and open-lipped, his teeth seeped red. “He said that made me the perfect person to kill Sherlock Holmes.”
On the third day, she catches a mouse in one of the live traps on the third floor. She carries it downstairs and stands in the open door to the garden, watching the frozen clouds of her breath. The rise of the moon over the houses and the evening sky.
“Oh, neither,” he says, his voice thick with sarcasm. “I’m here purely for the pleasure of your company.” He leans forward, his elbows resting on his knees. The bruising around his throat looks worse in the daylight. “You haven’t slept. You’ll be useless today if I need you.”
“What are you waiting for?” Joanna says, her voice echoing strangely in her ears. “
“There is only one such blade,” Death said, “with only one such shaft.”
Sherlock grins as if she’s said something perfectly delightful. There’s a bit of bok choy stuck in his teeth. “On the contrary – I know exactly what you’ll do next.”
The men dug the rich man’s grave in the grove of white trees, at the foot of a tall standing stone. When the body was buried and the grave filled again with earth, the men took the cart and left the rich man’s widow alone in the wood.
“Stop it,” he says, his voice low. His head bent close. “Whatever you’re doing, Joanna, whatever this is, just – stop.”
Thompson makes a note, the bracelet chiming with each sway of her wrist. Head still bent over the paper, she says, “Joanna, did your grandmother walk with a limp?”
They search without speaking for more than half an hour, each trying to pretend they hadn’t heard the other humming
“Probably,” she says. She wipes the brush clean on the towel. “Do you have something you want to say to me, Sherlock, or did you just come upstairs to pick a fight?”
She shrugs a little, and her shoulder bumps against his. “Nothing. He forgot me.” She slides her wrist free from his long-fingered grip. He lets her. “I hate to say it, but I’m going to need the toilet soon.”
Harry sighs and leans toward the bed, her elbows resting on her knees. “Flowers,” she mutters under her breath. “Jo doesn’t even
It’s a storybook. The paper is yellow-edged and thick, the typeface familiar in its old style slenderness.
she asks.
Adrienne purses her lips, as if she’s trying to fight a smile. “Well spotted.”
She rips open the bottom seam with her good hand and her teeth, wrinkling her nose against the smell. Datura stinks of decay, of birds rotting in shoeboxes. Sick beds and blood on sand. She reaches into the open satchel and pinches two gloved fingers through the leaves and seeds and ash until she finds the source of the spell that nearly killed her.
Night fell again, and the man’s image returned to the surface of the pool. Agamede spoke to him, told him of her travels, of the places she had seen and the deaths she had undone, but if the man heard her, he did not reply. The sun rose and set and rose again, and for ten nights and days she slept and watched and wept at the water’s edge, offering the man her secrets and her skill, her blood and her breath. He wanted none of it, and as one night passed to the next her love slowly turned away from her, his pale face fading into the dark.
Joanna licks her lips, trying not to look as desperate as she suddenly feels. “It’s my garden, isn’t it? And you said nothing that grows will work properly for me unless I do it all myself.” She holds out her hand. “Please, Gran?”
“Ah,” Adrienne says. “You’ve snapped, haven’t you?”
, exactly, but something—”
her grandmother did not say, would never say again, and Joanna burnt the rest of the inscription into the wood with the tip of one finger, smoke curling around her skin.
Sherlock takes a seat, his posture too relaxed to be anything but deliberate. His hand skims beneath the table, feeling for the carved words Joanna is certain he’ll find. “You knew we were coming. How?”
There’s a silence. Mrs. Hudson stares. “You want to—” She hesitates. “A
Joanna picks up the book with unsteady hands. These were the stories of her childhood –
The viper’s venom spread fast, and soon Death stood waiting at the edge of the field, patient as a shadow. The bride pressed a kiss to her young husband’s shaking hands and ran out of the grasses, away from the town and onto the twisting path that led deep into the dark heart of the wood.
His mother’s frail hand grips his arm. “You will,” she says, and together they fade away into the empty room.
“Alarming, isn’t it?” Joanna says. “Someone was spying on us, and for once it wasn’t you.”
“And I have more to teach you.” He looks down at her again, something horribly like kindness in his eyes. “Remember, when all this is done – you did have a chance to stop me.”
Joanna turns away, toward the sink. “It’s nothing,” she says, and starts sorting through the soggy pile of his clothes. “A twinge in my leg, is all. It’s fine.”
“I don’t know what’s more infuriating,” Harry says to the wall. “How awful you are when you lose your temper, or how quickly you forgive me when I lose mine.”
He gives her a playfully severe look. “You’re going about this all wrong, Jo. I mean, I didn’t quite expect you to throw yourself at my feet and beg for your life, but I did hope we’d stick to some sort of script – ‘why are you doing this, you’ll never get away with this
. Something foreign and feathered and sharp as bone and it is lodged within her trachea, growing. Sherlock wheezes beside her, hands at his own throat, looking at her with wide, panicked eyes. All around them police officers and forensic techs are breathless and gasping, on their knees in the mud fighting for air, and Joanna’s vision is turning dark at the edges when she feels the feathered thing inside her expand, feels it rise into her mouth and over her tongue and escape as a voice – a voice that is hers and is not hers at all. A voice that sounds like a child’s.
The gallery is beautiful, Georgian and elaborate. In the moulded plaster ceiling Joanna sees shapes natural and geometric, sharp-cornered hexagons and wild, coiling ivy; she walks with her head tilted back, staring up until one of the oil paintings on the red-papered wall catches her eye. The young man in the portrait has wispy auburn hair, Mycroft’s nose, and a frown as tight as his cravat. Behind him is a manor house built from white stone, a house with dark windows and the tall hedges of a garden maze. Joanna has seen it before.
“I won’t,” Gran says. “But you will, when you’re ready.” She pushes the recipe book into Joanna’s hands. “Open it.”
The song is meandering, tuneless – the soft, absent-minded sort of lullaby you hum to yourself when no one else can hear you. It sounds at first as though the song is coming from very far away, and Joanna strains to hear it – the rise and fall of Mrs Hudson’s voice and the familiar rustles and clicks as she putters about a room, tidying and straightening. So rarely able to stay still.
“Suppose I do.”
Dinner that night is quiet, the conversation stilted. Harry eats most of the asparagus, though she knows it’s Joanna’s favourite, and their grandmother hardly touches her food.
, the fire says in a man’s high, lilting voice.
Harry rolls her eyes. “Cursed corpses and magic mirrors. I hate this bloody house.” She disappears down the staircase, boots thumping against each step.
Sherlock closes the file and pulls another out of the nearest stack. “She’s comatose, Mycroft. It makes no difference to her whether I’m there or not.”
His assistant sits at Sherlock’s desk, her legs crossed neatly at the ankle and her eyes fixed on the Blackberry in her hand. Joanna shrugs off her jacket and tosses it over the arm of the sofa. “I did, thanks.” Her voice sounds like it belongs to someone else, pleasant and impossibly steady. “I see you found something interesting to read while you waited.”
“A nurse will be in soon to discuss pain management, ma’am,” she says without looking back. “We’re a bit short staffed at the moment – there is a war on, after all.”
Joanna almost laughs, though it’s not remotely funny. “Minsk?”
It would be her last piece of magic for nearly twenty years.
“I remembered that I’d forgotten. Not quite the same thing.”
“What’s that?” Joanna asks, pointing to the compact. “Emergency rouge?”
She hangs his coat on the back of a chair. “That’s a relief,” she says. “A broken mirror is the last thing we need.” Sherlock looks up from the compact, his eyebrows raised.
She swallows. “I knew it would be dangerous. That wasn’t why I stayed.”
His hands fall back to his lap. “I can carry you.”
Through a cloud of sawdust she sees a delicate network of amber glass tubing, twisted in complex configuration around six empty amber vials plugged with cork and copper wire. The glass is warm to the touch, almost pleasant, but beneath it all there’s the sour clockwork hum of unfamiliar magic, like the weight of a penny on her tongue. It’s not like any spell she’s felt before.
Joanna meets the emptiness in his eyes without flinching. “You don’t mean that.”
“Because you’ve ‘warded’ our flat.”
Mycroft closes the book. Taps his finger twice against the spine. “It could be a coincidence,” he says after a moment.
, the oak replies in a whisper of leaves.
“You know which leg.”
Joanna smells copper, feels the weight of it sour on her tongue and the hum of strange magic against her teeth.
The boy soon recovered. The rich man made the orphan girl his ward, and from that day on treated her as his own daughter. She lived in the rich man’s house and grew up alongside the rich man’s son, and when they were no longer children the rich man’s son asked her to be his wife.
Joanna smiles.
“Thirty minutes out,” the man says. It’s hard to see in the dark, but his right hand is tucked close against his body; he must be the one who grabbed for her first. Idiot.
“It’s not – the mirror is as difficult to interpret as any other form of divination. It doesn’t mean Sherlock is going to
, her father liked to say, but they were not his words – no more than
, Joanna tells him in the house’s voice.
Joanna switches on her bedside lamp. “Sherlock—”
She opens her eyes and sees Molly Hooper’s closeted boyfriend watching her from the other seat, a bottle of spring water in one hand and a leather-bound book in the other. He smiles, close-lipped and sharp as his suit.
The fire chokes her, squeezes until thin wisps of impossible smoke rise from between its fingers. The shadow struggles desperately, and the fire looks at Joanna with Moriarty’s eyes.
“I suppose I deserve that,” Mycroft sighs, his little brother farting to a crescendo, and then both boys are gone, vanished as quickly as they’d appeared.
Joanna thinks of his face in the moments after he turned and saw her standing by the water. Looks at him now, at the impatient purse of his mouth and his wild hair, and remembers the fear in his eyes when she opened the anorak and showed him the explosives beneath.
Joanna sits down at the table, the old woman still gripping her hand. The flowers’ cloying smell grows stronger. “Do you know what happened to them? To Peter and the others?”
The second splinter scrapes teeth as she slides it past her lips.
The scorch marks are fresh. Joanna can still smell the burning wood.
Joanna sleeps, undreaming.
“Accelerant, more like.” Joanna looks down at the tea tray. Mrs. Hudson has threaded the needles, the threads black and blue and white; Joanna touches the blue thread, the loop of it through the eye, and then tips her head back and finishes the gin in one gulp. She doesn’t feel the sting as it goes down. “I haven’t told Sherlock.”
“Sherlock,” Joanna says. “When I looked in the mirror, I saw Sherlock Holmes.” Then she covers her face with her hands and
“Don’t be absurd,” Gran says. “That only works during childbirth.”
Broken glass litters the ground around Mrs Hudson’s kitchen door, small shards glinting blue in the light of the fire. Joanna pinches one carefully between her fingers and raises it to her nose. It stinks of smoke and bitter magic.
“I came to see you, not him.” Joanna pulls the wooden cigar box from her shopping bag and sets it down beside the keyboard. “Open it.”
“If the hermit lives through this night,” Death said, “you may ask a third gift of me, and when that business is done I will leave this place. You will keep my gifts, and not see me again for many years yet.”
Joanna looks around the kitchen, trying to ignore the creeping ache in her leg. There’s something important she’s missing. Something even Sherlock isn’t going to see.
, she wants to say.
She buries her fingers in the clay man’s chest and digs out a coiled slip of white paper. She unrolls it clumsily with her right hand, pressing it open against her thigh.
“I know. But Harry won’t take it, and I don’t have the space.” Joanna tears through the tape sealing the nearest cardboard box. It’s filled with record albums, the ones her grandmother would play when she sat up at night, unable to sleep. Joanna remembers lying in bed, half-awake and straining to listen. She could never quite hear the music.
Outside the rich man’s house there was an orphan girl who sold flowers in the street. When she saw that Death waited for the boy, the orphan girl dropped her flowers and ran down the street and out of the town and onto a winding path that led deep into the dark heart of the wood.
“I know,” she says. “I’m only telling you because you can’t hear me.”
“Fuck,” Harry says – a typical sort of greeting, these days. She’s leaning back against the driver’s side door, her eyes on Joanna’s suitcase. “Is that really all you’re keeping?” Harry’s dressed for summer, in a loose blouse and a soft, knee-length skirt – Joanna feels dull and stiff by comparison. Then a sharp gust of wind rattles through the trees, and Harry leaps back into the car, shivering. Joanna lifts her suitcase into the boot and tries not to smirk.
“With your permission, Amelia,” Moran says, and shoots Mrs Barrow in the head.
“I would have given my life for hers,” Joanna says. “But I didn’t. I passed her last test.” She smiles, thin-lipped and strained. “I haven’t used the things she taught me since.”
Joanna stands, furious and beautifully, beatifically calm. “And what the bloody fuck,” she says, “is that supposed to mean?”
Joanna takes her hand. “You haven’t trapped me, Gran.”
Joanna slumps to the floor, her back against the kitchen counter. Her knees hugged to her chest. “I’ll never forgive you for this,” she says, the words catching at the back of her throat. “Not ever, not even for a moment. Not for the rest of my life.”
“I told them he’d exhibited symptoms of a heart attack before he collapsed,” Sherlock says in an undertone. “Is that all right?” When she doesn’t answer, he steps between her and the body, his head dipped towards hers. “Joanna? Is that all right?”
“DI Dimmock knows our address. If he has questions, he’s free to ask them later.” Sherlock turns away from the body, and Joanna follows him out of the warehouse and into the lamp lit street. It’s raining lightly, mist cooling the summer air. They’ll need to walk some distance before they find a taxi.
His hand drops to his side, and he draws back, away from her. “Dull.”
“I’m cold.” She rescues his abandoned suit jacket from the floor and holds a hand out for his shirt. He gives it to her. “Don’t move,” she says. “I’ll be right back.”
Asleep, the world is simple. Quiet and slow. Sometimes there is a sound like water, and she feels as though she is lying on the mud-soft bottom of a deep lake, with miles of dark water between her and the sky.
“No,” Joanna says. “Of course not.”
“Surgery is still an option,” Murray says, steady at Joanna’s back. “If you can get her consent.”
She must look ghastly – Thompson’s gaze flicks down to the notepad in her lap. “You haven’t answered my question.”
“He didn’t tell me anything. He asked to see you, I invited him inside, and the house tried to eat him. That was the full extent of the conversation.” Joanna moves closer, covering the frail hand on the railing with her own. “Gran, what’s going on? Who is he?”
“All right, then,” she says, and with a ragged breath she gathers the last of her strength and
By the years of the Great War the Stewards have given way to the Scotts, the Scotts to the Barrows.
and ends with
, Sherlock. You sound like a child.”
“Bruised,” he says, “not broken.” He pushes himself up onto his elbows with a poorly hidden wince. “I’m fine. You?”
“Insufferable woman,” Sherlock murmurs, and rolls over until his face is squashed against the back of the sofa. She has a sudden, inexplicable urge to reach down and ruffle his hair. “If you do,” he says, somewhat nasally, “I shall bite you.”
Martha Anne Hudson sits on the staircase, holding tight to the banister and half in tears. Joanna sees her face through blind eyes and hears her voice with deaf ears, hears her gasp, “Oh, oh
“That’s quite enough of that,” Gran says. “This poor house has troubles enough without you sending it into some sort of childish tantrum.” She bangs her cane against the wall. “You’ll have woken all the woodworms.”
Joanna stands. “Yes, Gran. I understand.” She turns stiffly to go back into the kitchen, but Gran stops her with a gentle hand on her arm.
“Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson says. Her voice breaks. “Sherlock, love, you can’t—”
It’s the first true day of spring, and as she works Joanna feels something thaw inside her, a knot slowly loosening. She likes the way the soil crumbles under her fingers, dark and warm and maybe a little familiar, in an unfamiliar sort of way. She likes the heat of the sun on her back and the ground beneath her knees.
“I loosened it for you,” Sherlock says, and slips past her into the dark bedroom.
She tears off what’s left of her paper jumpsuit and lets him boost her up, his hands cupped to support her foot. She swings one leg over the wall and sits unsteadily on the top, bricks grinding first under her weight and then under his as he jumps, pulling himself up and over. The wall trembles beneath them for a perilous moment before they land together in the garden on the other side, blinking in sudden blinding daylight.
Something complicated happens behind Mycroft’s eyes, though his expression reveals nothing more than mild interest. “A weapon?”
When the car slows to a stop outside the flat, Adrienne breaks the silence. “Moran will try to get access to the house. He’ll have guessed Helene hid the mirror there.”
, says one page.
She’s looking for the television remote when she knocks a stack of Sherlock’s papers to the floor and hears the tinkle of breaking glass. And a voice.
She’s never felt anything like it. She thinks of the moment just before she’d fallen from that climbing frame, when she’d climbed higher than she ever had before and the rush of it had taken her like a fever, a blissful, visceral vertigo. She’d felt as if she’d left her body behind on the ground and become something entirely new – something boundless and untouchable and breathlessly
Joanna grips the cane by its handle, as if shaking a stranger’s hand. “Um. If you wouldn’t mind?”
The first column burnt into the underside of the table begins with
, child – I am dying. I am old and I am tired and I have chosen my time, and there is nothing either of you idiots can say or do that will change my mind.”
The car slows and comes to a stop. There’s a knock on the window, and Moriarty slouches back in his seat.
, and
It isn’t really a question; you don’t have to be Sherlock Holmes to see the sheen of sweat on her skin or the way her left hand trembles at her side. “Thank you,” Joanna says. “For trying to keep her out.”
, a voice says – a voice like her grandmother’s, a voice like bone and wood and brick.
He nods, and then after a moment adds, “Yes. I did.”
It is the first thing she sees when she wakes again. Its limbs are black in the moonlight; a gust of wind and the dead branches click like fingers against the glass. The window is tall and narrow, the moulded-wood frame painted white. It matches the rest of the little bedroom, with its pale wallpaper and delicately pretty white wood furniture – the ivory-inlaid armoire in the corner, the little night table cluttered with empty china teacups. The armchair beside the bed, where Harry sits with her hands folded tightly in her lap.
“I’m not allowed to drink anything you give me,” Joanna says. The words leave her mouth before she can stop them, and the woman laughs, delighted.
“You were injured,” he says, his voice carefully controlled. “Do you remember?”
,” Sherlock’s shoes say, storming into the kitchen. “Find a couple of chalk stars drawn on the floorboards and suddenly the Keystone Kops turn into the Brothers bloody Grimm. Of all the backward, simple-minded—” He stops abruptly. “You’re under the table.”
“No,” Joanna says, too quickly. “Let’s go downstairs.” She forces a cough. “Smell’s getting to me, I think.”
“I found it in our flat almost two weeks ago, under a stack of old papers.” Joanna lifts the lid, revealing the sawdust and shattered amber glass bottles inside. “At the time, I thought it was one of yours.”
After school the next day she climbs right up to the attic, sits down in front of the mirror and waits.
Sherlock’s face is pale with rage. “Moran.”
She reaches for the long plait hanging low over her shoulder. “My hair?”
He watched her kill a man tonight. He still hasn’t asked how she did it.
“Impressive,” Joanna says.
Harry looks up, her eyes worried in the rear-view mirror. “She gets like this sometimes when she overdoes it. Gran used to say it was the adrenaline, but I think she’s just stoned.”
“That’s a lovely little story,” Anderson says, “but it doesn’t explain the position of the body, or why it’s on the bloody
printed on it in large, forbidding letters. “Tea?”
“Bet Dad loved that.”
“You absolute prick,” she says, and rips open his suit jacket, feeling for injuries with shaking hands. “I could kill you myself.”
Joanna nods.
It’s all-saint’s fire, of course; Moriarty must have hidden the spell in the fake explosives. The impact of the bullet would have been more than enough to set it off.
“Yes, I think so. Subtly, please.”
Taped to the map near the wood is a newspaper clipping from the Times. The reporter quotes a DI Gregory Lestrade, who claims the Met has yet to identify the six children whose remains were discovered last Thursday in a north London nature reserve. Another clipping features a photo of Baker Street bathed in unearthly flames.
His jaw tenses. “Sebastian. Tell her it’s from Sebastian.”
am I wearing?”
Gran looks up then, a quick, unconscious glance at the dark shape of the house above, the gable of the attic sharp against the sky. “No,” she says. “It isn’t odd at all.” She holds out her hand for the chart. Joanna gives it to her. “There will be many things I choose not to teach you. Once you leave this house you can read all the tea leaves in China if you like, but until then—”
She fires Thompson by phone the next morning.
“Oh, very funny,” Joanna says. She climbs into the car and takes the seat opposite, slamming the door behind her. “A forgetting spell, then. How many times did it take before I realised?”
Sherlock is still moving forward, ready to push past the barricades and through the front door. Joanna grabs his arm, swinging him back into the crowd. “Wait. Not yet.”
A few glass vials of liquid fire. That’s all it takes – smash the vials against the bricks, and the whole house burns. Moriarty could have sent anyone to do it, but she doesn’t think he did. She thinks that this time he wanted to get his hands dirty.
Moriarty grins, wide and hollow and white as bone. “Fear death by water,” he says, and Sherlock fires.
Joanna bends down and picks up a broken shard of glass. Holds it to the light. “You think I went away because of the secret you told me.” She turns the glass until she can see his reflection in it. “Which is silly, because you also think you’ve made me up in your head.”
There was a forgotten legend, he said, a legend of a pool in the forest whose waters were as dark as ink and as still as a mirror. It had been hidden long ago and wisely, for a man who looked on his reflection in the pool’s surface saw not his own face, but a reflection of the future – a glimpse of his final, mortal fate.
It had taken a full glass of gin and Sherlock’s sharpest bone saw to cut the slivers from her grandmother’s cane; the first sits light on her tongue, sour with lemon polish and jagged at the edges. She closes her eyes and mouths the spell around the wood.
Long fingers circle her left wrist, lifting her hand. “They bound you while you were unconscious. Not tightly enough to cut off circulation, but the skin’s still raw where the tension in your arms pulled against the plastic.” He returns her hand to her side, and his fingers slip away. “You lost your temper with him. What did he say?”
A yellow toad hopped out and landed upon her young husband’s leg. It fixed its wide mouth to the viper’s bite and began to drink the venom from his blood, drawing it from his veins sip-by-sip and gulp-by-gulp. But the toad stopped too soon, pulling away from the venomous bite; the bride seized the toad and forced its wide mouth back to the wound. She made the toad drink until its small body was all over black with poison, and then it leapt from her hands and died.
“They weren’t relevant.” He cups her open hand in his, circling her wrist with two long fingers. “Last night you used my favourite bone saw to cut into your grandmother’s cane in three places. You hesitated before the first two cuts, but your hands were steady – you didn’t want to do it, but you felt you had no other choice.” His index finger settles over her pulse. “I don’t know why.”
She elbows him gently away from the sink and turns on the tap. “I’m making soup and sandwiches for dinner. You eating today?”
Sherlock meets her eyes evenly. “Yes,” he says. “So was I.” He turns and leaves the kitchen. A moment later, she hears the click as he opens his violin case.
, it will be soon. Harry watches the battle from the sidelines, curled at the kitchen table with her head in her hands. Joanna shakes with rage, her fists clenched as she paces the tile.
Mycroft interrupts, and through the amber vial she hears Sherlock’s low growl of annoyance.
, but Eliot always puts Sherlock in a mood, so she doesn’t say it aloud. She starts to laugh instead.
“That’s seven years bad luck,” she says. “Fourteen if you did it on purpose.”
There’s a silence. Thompson makes a note –
Boyle steps closer, and Sherlock staggers with him. “He wanted to know about you, Captain. Asked me all sorts of questions. What kind of officer you were. What you thought of the war. Whether you had let me thank you for saving my life.”
Donovan steps up to the tapeline, her hands buried deep in her coat pockets. She turns to look at Joanna, and the wind whips her hair into her face. She looks tired. “Doctor Watson.”
Joanna feels the single-minded focus of Sherlock’s gaze as the car pulls away from the kerb. His eyes are fixed on her face. “He took you in a car like this one.”
On the twelfth night she offered the scythe, and it shook her in her hands for the first time. “If you are to leave me,” she said, “I shall need neither blade nor shaft.” Death’s scythe slipped into the dark water; her love still did not reply.
“If you bite me, you won’t get any tea.” She drops the file folder back over his head and retreats to the kitchen. The dishes from yesterday’s dinner are still piled in the sink, and the equipment on the table seems to have spawned an ominous number of new experiments in the night. Her grandmother’s book sits alone on the worktop, open to a recipe for beef broth. Just as she’d left it the night before – hidden in plain sight.
The hermit slept restlessly, burning still with fever. The girl touched cool fingers to his forehead, to the echo of his heart’s beat at throat and wrist. He stirred, but did not wake.
“Damn,” Sherlock says, his breath hissing through his teeth. The book in his hands has sliced open a small cut in his finger; he drops it, and Joanna catches a brief glimpse of blood before he slips the finger into his mouth.
Joanna looks away. “Harry—”
“Is the future not a weapon? A mirror that shows us our own deaths – Agamede was the greatest witch of the ancient world, and she did not create it to be kind.” Moran stares down at her, his pale eyes strangely bright in the gloom. “Are you going to kill me, Joanna?”
“That’s sort of what I’m counting on.” She leans forward, resting her elbows on her knees, and takes a deep breath. “Mrs. Hudson, I want to cast a spell on 221.”
“Nothing wrong,” Gran says, “with a bald man. Always found it attractive, myself. A little extra shine.” Her voice is faint, but steady. The elixir has eased the worst of the pain. It never lasts for long. “The stories I could tell you, child. How your ears would burn.”
“He’s not,” Joanna says mildly. “At least, not all the time.”
The thief struck out in the dark with his knife, but the girl raised Death’s scythe and with one swing parted the thief’s soul from his body. His empty flesh fell at her feet, and the rest of him went out again through the cottage door, where Death waited with open hands.
The man’s gaze moves to Joanna, fixed bleeding to the table by her right arm and aiming the gun at his heart with her left. “Hello again, Joanna,” he says.
“You were having a nightmare.” Sherlock’s voice from a chair on the other side of the room. He’s watching the news with the sound off, his back to her. The pink phone sits beside him on the armrest, within easy reach of his twitching fingers. “I didn’t want to wake you – once we hear from him, it will likely be some time before your next opportunity for a nap.”
He looks up from her feet, and she can’t help but meet his eyes. He’s smiling. “They always underestimate you.”
“You’re wasting your time,” says the boy in a high, posh voice she’s never heard. The manor garden has twisted, grown a labyrinth’s walls and a labyrinth’s silence. It towers high above them. The boy folds his arms across his narrow chest. “Only children look for things that aren’t really there.”
“No,” he says, “I don’t suppose I will.” He scoops up an armful of books from the table and holds them to his chest, tea mug clutched in his other hand. He walks out of the kitchen without another word. A moment later, she hears the soft click of his bedroom door as it closes.
“I’ve tried,” Joanna says. “She’s a stubborn old thing.” She initials the chart and drops it into the slot at the foot of her gran’s bed. The sand is rising, spilling over their feet. Its weight is like ice through the stained fabric of her trainers. “We need to get housekeeping in here to sweep this up,” she says, her nose wrinkling. “It’s unsanitary.”
As she looks away, the reflection changes – a heartbeat-brief glance from over her shoulder and she sees another room inside the mirror, a bed buried under books and sheaves of paper. An impossible room and an impossible bed, and sprawled on top of the impossible mess is a boy with a pale face and dark, curling hair, watching her out of the corner of his eye.
‘Do not be afraid,’ the bride told her love; ‘it is not your time yet,’ and she opened the small wooden box.
The recipe book isn’t much help. At its back there are pages headed with the somewhat promising
“No,” Thompson says, undeterred. “We haven’t.”
Her grandmother’s recipe book mentions sleeping curses only once, and briefly.
Her heart pounds unpleasantly in her chest. “I
The bird had been pure white, the type released at weddings and at funerals, and Gran had taught Joanna how to soothe it, how to pin its struggling wings with one hand and thrust a needle into its still-beating heart with the other.
, he writes.
Three stitches of white jumper wool beside black thread and suddenly Mrs. Hudson is gone. Instead she sees herself – sees Joanna Helene Watson standing in the doorway, fair and bright-eyed and burning, sees her face and hears her gasp of breath as the house shifts beneath her naked feet.
Some days Joanna thinks the only reason Gran is teaching her anything at all is so she’ll have someone to weed the garden.
Joanna doesn’t need to look into Thompson’s eyes to see the pity there. “You would’ve revived her against her wishes, so you wouldn’t be left alone.”
“No.” He pauses, considering. “Maybe. Soup from a tin or—”
, she thinks,
“And my ribs were only bruised,” Sherlock says, “but you still needed to hear me breathe.”
“I never said it wasn’t.” Thompson watches her for a long moment. “You had a lonely childhood.”
“Good.” He looks at her, a glance from the corner of his eye. “Shall we?”
Smoke fills her nose and throat, thick and stinking of familiar magic. Her eyes sting and Sherlock wheezes beside her, pressing his arm over his mouth. Her lungs constrict, fighting for a clean breath, but the air in the car is clear, untouched by smoke or fire. The danger isn’t here.
“Not at all,” she says, and flicks a clump of rice into his hair.
She wants to speak to him, though she knows he wouldn’t hear. Wants him to look at her, though she knows there’s nothing to see.
Couldn’t wake her, more like. The woman sleeps like a rock. “And I suppose your mobile is ruined?”
“Moran,” Sherlock says, breathing the name like a revelation, and for a strange, unsettled moment Joanna cannot place it. Can recall the name, but not the meaning behind it.
The hermit opened his eyes. “The fruit of the dead,” he said, his voice raw with fever. “Do you prepare my funeral meal, girl?”
Joanna squints at one of the crumpled corners of her star chart, trying to decide if a glyph is meant to be Jupiter’s thunderbolt or Ceres’ scythe. Or an inkblot. She looks up at the sky again. “I’d see more if you put out the kitchen light.”
, holding the living muscle of Alfred Perry Boyle’s beating heart in her hand.
“I’ll catch up.” She gives him a small half-smile, the most she can manage at the moment. “Try not to let them kill each other?”
Sherlock has slipped from her arms and is sinking limp and motionless toward the pool’s floor. He’s unconscious. A long shadow drifting in the light.
Sherlock’s fingers are too stiff with cold to manipulate the buttons on his shirt with any sort of accuracy. Joanna drops the towels and pyjamas onto a dryer part of her bed and steps up to help. “Fall into the Thames again, did you?”
, she thinks, and some small part of what she feels must show in her face, because he grabs hard for her arm, his eyes wide.
There’s a flash of hurt in Harry’s eyes before the anger sets in, hard and certain and unforgiving. “Fine,” she says. “Freeze to death. Die of mould poisoning. Stay up here and rot, you selfish little
, Joanna wants to say, but then she is sinking again, slipping down through the pillows and mattress and bed and deep into the waiting water.
Sherlock stares at her, his face blank. “And the bell?”
Gran smiles, a thin press of lips that hides none of her pain. “Such a clever girl.” She pauses, then adds: “In your own way.”
you.”
“He played you,” Sherlock croaks.
“Decided to stick with the freak, then, have you?”
. He drops it onto the worktop. “Also your grandmother’s, I see.” He frowns at the worn cover, tracing the blurred silhouette of the woman pictured there. Her cornucopia and her scythe.
Joanna looks up from the box and meets her grandmother’s eyes. “You’ve just told me that’s impossible.”
Adrienne lowers her mobile and meets Joanna’s eyes. “James Moriarty knows that you and your sister are the last surviving descendants of one of the most powerful witches who ever lived. The only reason he hasn’t shut you up in a cellar somewhere and unravelled your intestines inch by inch is his now incorrect assumption that you don’t know anything worth hearing. In that light, it might be wise to spend a little more time planning your next move and a little less speculating about my personal life.” She reaches across the seat and opens the car door with a sharp tug on the handle. “Now if you don’t mind, I’m needed at the office.”
“Fever is not the only way a man might die,” Death said. He moved closer, and his long shadow fell over the open window, blocking out the sun. “Choose your gift, child. You will have anything it is in my power to give.”
She swallows. “Are you asking?”
“It is
She studies his face for a long moment, the tension in his jaw and careful blankness behind his eyes. “I really am all right, Sherlock. He didn’t hurt me.”
“Then you may take me as well,” the girl Agamede said, “and save yourself the journey later.”
According to the article that follows, the damage to the building was superficial; residents were treated for smoke inhalation and have made a full recovery.
“Joanna, I—” He goes silent. She listens to the sound of his breath in her ear. “I meant to thank you, earlier. For what you did. What you offered to do.”
Her eyes open. “But—”
Particularly Mary, who peer pressured me into posting this. She's such a Libra.
sectioned.”
“Before I examined you, yes. I wasn’t sure Mrs. Hudson would be able to recognise the symptoms of some of the less obvious poisons.” He sits on the edge of the bed, his hip against her knee. “I know you very well, Joanna.”
“I would have told you,” she says, her voice too loud in the small, too-warm space between them. She feels her face heat, but she doesn’t look away. “I would have told you, if you’d asked.”
“There’s always something,” Joanna says, and slides over so he can join her under the table. He does, his knees tucked to his chest. They both look up.
Boyle stares at her. Blood trickles from his broken nose. “I never – I never met him. Not really. I got my instructions from one of his people.”
Sherlock sniffs. “Don’t get used to it.”
“I’m so glad you think so.” He stands, buttoning his suit jacket. “A car will be waiting for you at the exit. Just tell the driver whether you’d prefer to go to the house or to your sister’s self-storage unit in Haringey.”
, Joanna reads, and a heart’s beat later the wind rips the book from the hedge and sends it into the air, tumbling down the rain-wet street.
There is darkness, and then someone slaps her hard across the face.
on a blank page at the back of her maths workbook. She waits until he meets her gaze in the mirror, and then holds it up for him to see.
. Donovan scowls and walks off, her heels clicking on the pavement.
After a moment, she nods.  He pulls a folded piece of paper from his coat and passes it to Sherlock.
Harry rubs a hand over her eyes. “Mrs Hudson—”
Fire licks across her stitched palm, flows through thread and needle to a dark wood that drinks in waves of light like a man dying of thirst. Joanna falls to her knees and the door shudders in its frame, burning bright enough to blind and still hungry. It feeds on her, on the fire inside, and she feels her body grow cold. Slumps to the floor and hears her heartbeat as it slows.
Sherlock hides his grin in the collar of his coat, but Joanna sees it anyway.
Her grandmother’s house is tall and narrow and warped in odd places, twisted by age and long years of ill use. Joanna flicks on each lamp as she wanders from room to room, exploring the forgotten, dust-choked spaces behind curtains and inside wardrobes. She finds four pennies, a thimble-sized brass bell, and the half-crushed skeleton of a mouse. The pennies and the mouse’s skull she wraps in a page of yellowed newspaper and slips into her pocket – the pennies will go in her tin money bank, and her grandmother might find use for the skull. She leaves the bell behind, on the dark wood windowsill where she found it.
“No,” Mrs. Hudson says. “I don’t think you would.” She sinks into her chair, a delicate hand curled over her mouth. When she lowers it, she’s almost smiling. “Well, then,” she says. “I suppose that means it’s time for us to do some magic.”
There is nothing wrong with Joanna’s leg – nothing at all, aside from the fact that whenever she tries to walk, it won’t bloody
Her left arm is numb from shoulder to fingertips, a dead weight at her side. If she hadn’t been wearing gloves the spell almost certainly would have stopped her heart – the heart thundering now in her throat, beating out its furious rhythm against her ribs.
oh god help me help me please,’
She thought he was dead, but she was wrong. He’s just on the other side of the wall, listening for the sound of her footsteps.
“Anytime, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft says, and closes the door behind her.
“Holmes?” Moriarty asks, all cool disinterest.
The hermit’s cottage was dark and smelled of rotting food and sick; the girl pinned the curtains back from the windows and let in light and the summer air. The hermit slept and sweated with fever; the girl drew pails of cool water from the well and scrubbed him clean with a rag torn from the hem of her skirts. When all this was done she built a small fire in the hearth and brewed a tea with the herbs of her basket.
friends, aren’t we, Doctor Watson?”
Joanna’s grandmother died on a clear morning in early spring, just before dawn. Joanna sat by her bed for a long time afterward, fingers pressed to the paper-soft skin at her grandmother’s wrist. Then she walked down to the kitchen, phoned for an ambulance, and went to find the soldering iron.
Sherlock blinks at him. “Yes. Obviously. You promised Amelia that her son’s remains would finally be recovered, and in exchange she agreed to trap Joanna here when we arrived to investigate.”
She says, “Mycroft is horrible, but he loves you. You should let him help when he can.”
Then his father makes a sharp gesture – punctuation for sharp words she cannot hear –and the boy flinches.
Joanna closes her eyes, her lips pressed together in a thin line. “You’re drunk.”
She wriggles through the window a moment later, cautious until her feet touch the floor. Sherlock has already stripped off his suit jacket and is starting work on his shirt cuffs. She closes the window, locks it, and switches on the bedside lamp.
She’s going to die for him, one day. That’s the only secret she truly needs to keep.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Joanna says, but she can’t help but lean close to look. “I don’t see—”
Lestrade tucks his notepad into his coat pocket. “You have to admit, Sherlock, the body does look as if it’s been deliberately arranged.”
“Try anyway,” she says. Her Blackberry chimes, and she looks down at the screen. Her jaw tenses briefly before her expression turns blank again.
“I’m aware,” he says. “Are you coming?”
Alice’s mobile chimes just as the car comes to a stop. She taps out a reply and then looks up. “Your flat is clear.” When they simply stare at her for another moment, she adds, “So you can go now.”
Joanna’s fists clench behind her back, and the plastic bites into her wrists. “Seostris had something you needed, and she refused to give it to you. What was it?”
Harry drops her arm. “
“What?”
Her lungs fill with his air, but she does not breathe. He presses their bloody hands together, palm to palm, but her pulse still slows. He’ll feel it stop as she dies.
“She’s not breathing.” Sherlock’s voice, and so close – those might be his shaking hands cradling her face, tipping back her head to open her airway. His fingers warm against her skin. She’s so cold now, cold and empty and as tired as she’s ever been. She opens her eyes and sees his face hovering over hers. Sees Mrs Hudson and Harry standing behind him, frightened and pale.
Joanna stands, brushing the dark soil from her trousers. There’s dirt embedded deep in the places over her knees, but she doesn’t find that she particularly minds. “I’m always in favour of sandwiches,” she says, and turns to go into the house.
The Blackberry chimes. “You’re not wrong.”
Sherlock stands beside her and watches the fire, his face unreadable, half in shadow. Joanna tightens her grip and leads him away.
goes flying past her head.
, and opens her eyes.
She holds his gaze for a long moment, then looks away. “Serial killers have signatures, don’t they? That’s your area, not mine.”
“T.S. Eliot,” he says. “
, she wants to say, but she feels the futility of the lie before she can so much as open her mouth. She looks down at the cane – the garden stains on the stem and the marks left by years of climbing the same tall staircase. She hasn’t been inside the house in years, and Sherlock sees her still trying to climb its steps. “How did you know about my parents?”
There’s a flare of pain in her leg and Joanna stumbles, leaning hard against the desk. “That’s…great,” she says through clenched teeth. “Well done. Really sensitive choice of words.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth lifts in a strained sort of smile. “Well then,” he says, “it’s a lucky thing I’ve a doctor for a flatmate.” He pushes past the assistant and into the car. “To Baker Street, please, Alice. Before poor Doctor Watson collapses in a fit of pique, if possible.”
The assistant taps at her Blackberry, a small part of her face illuminated by its light. “We notified the authorities as soon as we learnt your location. They should arrive at the pool in approximately two minutes.”
“I do not want his thanks,” the girl said. “I want him to live through the night. If he does, you will give me a second gift – one that I will name.”
Sherlock stares up at the shadow, his expression half-fascination, half-horror. “What are you?”
Joanna opens her eyes. “Then do it.”
She looks directly at him, and he disappears.
“Ah,” Adrienne says, appearing from bloody nowhere like the creepy witch-person she is. “You’re one of
“You’re the granddaughter,” he says. “The second one. Joanna.” His voice is low, cultured despite the gravel in it. He looks past her, at the empty darkness of the front hall. “I’ve come to speak to Helene.”
When she wakes, the room is dark.
This story is still not complete, but I've decided (even after all this time) to post chapters five and six now. Chapter seven is about half-done; I have no idea whether it will ever be posted. So, a warning: This is still very much a WIP.
, she thinks, and for a moment she wishes she could step outside her body again and see it, see herself mud-soaked and shivering and awkwardly hugged by Sherlock Holmes.
She takes the water. “You know everyone very well. It’s sort of your thing.”
in your current state of inebriation.”
“I still have one of Stamford’s stethoscopes,” he says. He’s watching her warily, his shirt crumpled in his hands. “It’s in the cabinet beneath the bathroom sink.”
, the voice says, and the door burns.
“Goodnight,” she says, but he’s already gone.
Her knees wobble, then give out beneath her. She sits down hard in the dirt, staring up at the wall and panting into the gloom.
The facts, then: she has a really terrific hangover, she’s mostly naked, and she’s in Sherlock’s bed.
His mobile chimes in his trouser pocket. He doesn’t react.
Joanna leans down and looks into the car. “I could be wrong,” she says, “but I think there are sigils for invisibility written on these tyres.”
, the tree in the wood had called them.
“Obviously not.” He looks at the ceiling, takes a deep breath, and exhales in a long hiss of annoyance. “You’re not honestly going to make me – Joanna, I thought you were in danger. I was concerned. I was wrong.” He meets her eyes again. “There, I’ve said it so simply even an unusually dim child could understand. Are you happy now?”
and she’s still laughing when Sherlock reaches out and slides his hand over the back of her neck.
“Moran said you nearly killed yourself in the process.”
The street outside is deserted, silent but for the groans and creaks of the house behind them. No police, no curious passersby – the windows of the other houses are shuttered and dark. Joanna twists in Sherlock’s arms and looks up at the crumbling roof. At the great oak’s highest branches, withering in the sun.
death wish—”
They come slowly at first, creeping across the alley bricks and along the white stone of the houses – thin-spun shades in the shapes of street signs, of postboxes, of clock towers and lampposts and lorries. Shadows roll towards the fire like storm clouds, filling the alley as they flow through the flames and down the walls and into her shadow’s waiting hands.
Joanna rises and goes to the window, pushing the drape aside. Outside she sees a peerless blue sky and the empty front step. The stranger is gone.
at the top of his lungs, waltzing himself about the empty hall to the tune of Strauss’ Blue Danube. As the melody builds he spins faster and faster, adding the occasional fart sound for musical effect.
“Sherlock, right now I have all the muscle strength of a malnourished kitten; I’m not deliberately doing anything.” The water is cold, and it might be the best thing she’s ever tasted. She moans into the cup. “God, that’s amazing. I had no idea how thirsty I was.”
Sherlock’s mobile is still on the coffee table; it only takes a moment for her to type and send the text.
“Not your housekeeper,
“Acute photosensitivity,” Sherlock says from over her shoulder. “She kept heavy shades on all her lamps, and often worked by candlelight.” He leans forward until his mouth is near her ear. “Well observed, but hardly germane to the task at hand.”
“You know you won’t find anything,” Sherlock drawls, his head tipped against the window glass. “He’s much too clever for that.”
“Good, you’re here,” Lestrade says. His paper-covered shoes slide in the damp earth as he comes toward them. “We’ll need to get the remains back to the lab soon, and they’ve got to be careful moving them. They’re in a delicate state.”
She sits up and Sherlock combs his fingers through her hair, turning her with a touch so she faces the car window. The sun is setting and London glows with it, chrome and marble and brick and glass gleaming golden in the evening light. He plaits her hair and she watches the light fade as they drive through the city, her reflection a flickering silhouette in the window. It had still been morning when they walked into the Barrow house. When Sherlock had followed her inside.
Joanna folds her hands over her stomach. “The magic? You never understood why I liked it in the first place.”
She spends her days in silence, cleaning. She starts in the cellar and works her way up room by room, sorting and scrubbing and clearing away decades worth of cobwebs and dust. She boxes away books and photos and endless stacks of well-worn records, finds a locked steamer trunk full of neatly folded men’s suits and seven warp-weighted looms crowded in a third floor bedroom, hidden beneath sheets.
Feeling has started to return to her numb arm; she’ll have to check the rest of the satchels for defensive spells before they leave, or risk one sending a Yarder into cardiac arrest. She holds her arm close and ignores the sting. “In defiance of what, do you think?”
“I doubt that,” Joanna says.
There are footsteps on the stairs, the sound filling the silence until they come to a sudden, eloquent stop halfway to the landing.
It’s some time before he follows.
“There’s magic for this; I know there is. You don’t even have to make her love me again, just make her want to see me, make her forget—”
Sherlock opens the door on Joanna’s side and leans down until they’re nearly face-to-face. “Alice, Anthea, Anita, Augusta – whatever her name, she isn’t interested. Now would you please end this pathetic attempt at flirtation and get out of the bloody car?”
,” Harry hisses, which is hilarious. Joanna laughs and tree roots burst up from the ground beneath her, jaundiced and thin in the daylight and twisting towards her feet.
“I suppose I should just be glad you’ve downgraded from kidnapping to home invasion.”
The bathroom is wonderfully warm. She strips off her wet cardigan, her shoes and her socks, and dumps them all with Sherlock’s things into the bath. She washes her hands with hot water and soap, trying not to look too closely at her reflection in the mirror. Her hair is a tangled mess, her face raw and bruised dark beneath the eyes. She shuts off the tap and crouches down to open the cabinet.
Mycroft peels the gloves from his hands and drops them to the table, beside the book. “I’m sure you haven’t. At least, not intentionally.”
and for the first time in months she’d felt her heart beat in her chest. Her blood in her veins. He’d stood there and smiled at her, the first real thing she’d seen since the war, and it had felt like magic.
He huffs. “You know it is. You wouldn’t have left it out for me to find, otherwise.” He steps off the armchair and down to the floor. “Yew is an unusual wood for a cane. Not unheard of, but irregular and therefore significant.” He curves his fingers beneath the handle and lets it swing before him in the air. “It was hand carved for its original owner no less than forty years ago. Expertly made and tailored exactly to the owner’s tastes and needs – simple, sturdy, hardwearing. Elegant yet utilitarian. It belonged to your grandfather.”
On the second day, she walks home from the butcher’s with a paper sack of bones and a jar of blood. She splits the bones open for their marrow and soaks long strips of linen in blood. She makes poultices and tinctures and salves, peels lines of bark from living trees and burns fires of hawthorn and asphodel. She sits awake until dawn, surrounded by research, filling pages with notes in her cramped, neat writing.
“Joanna—” he says, reaching for her as the fifth bell chimes.
“You aren’t the only one who pays attention, Sherlock. Mycroft didn’t need to tell me anything.” She wipes away the excess grease and oil with a clean rag and starts to reassemble the pieces – the frame and barrel and slide. Sherlock watches her hands as she works. After a moment’s silence she says, “My grandmother wasn’t really the sort of woman who made people feel safe.”
“London isn’t cheap.”
“Not as promising as it sounds, unfortunately. What we know of the elusive Mr. Moriarty makes for a disturbingly short read. I intend to change that in the coming weeks.” He sits forward, smoothing a hand over his tie. “Much as I enjoy your company, Joanna, it’s time we came to the point. You didn’t come here today just to show us the box.”
He nods, uncertain. “It isn’t finished yet. Maybe I should wait.”
“Ecstatic.” She sets the empty cup on the beside table. “You said you didn’t expect the drinking. What ‘likely responses’ did you expect?”
“What did you want from Viola Seostris?”
“I don’t doubt it,” she says, and begins the exam.
“Not just voices,” Adrienne says, still looking at Mycroft. “When retrieved properly, the information inside these bottles would include a rough psychic impression of any mind within a certain radius. Basic emotional responses, some surface level thought—”
He looks behind him, at the open door. “A futile effort.”
Joanna’s about to say, but Sherlock steps forward, his shoulders stiff. “Lestrade is expecting us.”
Sherlock flips through the pages – slowly at first, and then faster. He stops abruptly, just short of the end. Joanna watches him stiffen, rigid muscles tensing in his shoulders and back, and wishes she could fully see his face. His profile reveals nothing.
The boy watches her from the corner of his eye, his mouth gone slightly slack with surprise. She’d waited until Harry had fallen asleep to sneak up to the attic, and she’s in her nightdress, her dressing gown tied tight around her waist; she must look like a ghost in yellow-chequered cotton. She gives him an absurd little wave, and for a moment he almost smiles.
“I’m sorry,” she says. “I’m so sorry. But he kept his promise, and now I have to keep mine.”
“Good.” She gives Joanna’s shoulder a gentle squeeze. “Let’s get you a plaster for that hand, shall we?”
Lestrade sighs. “Suppose that means we’re off to the garden, then.” He shoves his hands in his coat pockets and generally looks like a man desperate for a cigarette. “You coming?”
“Which leg?”
“Let me try,” she says, and pushes him gently aside. It’s her latch, and it’s locking her window – a simple piece of steel bound to wood, atoms and electrons and the silent, ever-listening space between.
“I can’t be sure without a proper examination, but it felt like I wrenched your first and second fingers fully out of joint. Is there any discolouration?”
“There are flakes of dried blood in the sawdust,” Joanna says. “I’ve never seen anything like this before, but even I know that means she maintained a direct connection to the spell. Whoever she is, this Moran person heard what we said as soon as we said it. Which reminds me.” She steps up to Mycroft’s desk and gives him a distinctly unfriendly smile. “Who is she?”
She stands in front of the window, arms crossed over her chest. Her mouth is dry, her tongue thick with sleep. “Sherlock, is something wrong with our front door?”
Eventually the fit passes; Joanna spits the last of the acid from her mouth and lifts her head to run the tap. The water sounds louder than it should, a roar inside her ears, and she shuts it off again. “Sorry,” she croaks. “Got a bit carried away.”
“The wards on the house will hold, and I’ll see to it that your sister’s home is secure. Your flat, on the other hand—”
“You liked it because it was Gran’s, and because you were the only one she’d share it with.” Harry rolls over, onto her back. Her elbow knocks sharp against Joanna’s side. “Did you ever wonder why she didn’t teach me too?”
, and she doesn’t bother to try. It fits nicely beneath a loose floorboard in the upstairs bedroom, along with two boxes of ammunition and a rather passive aggressive note reminding him of the basics of gun safety and maintenance. She keeps her journal in the locked drawer of her nightstand, knowing full well that he’ll read it the first chance he gets. She hasn’t written in it since she returned to England, and most of it is irrelevant nonsense, dry recitations of the daily minutia of war. She figures if he sticks it out through that, he’s earned the right to the few secrets buried amidst the drivel.
“Sounds fair to me,” Joanna says, and lets herself fall forward until her hands hit the door.
Mycroft tips his head slightly to one side, studying her with the barest hint of genuine amusement in his cool eyes. “Your grandmother’s name was Helene Elisabeth Russell, and she was a witch. As are you, Doctor Watson, despite the lengths you’ve gone to deny it.” He turns to his assistant. “
“Let me guess,” Joanna says. “Gran’s prized collection of rare animal bones.”
It happens in a heartbeat, in the space between one breath and the next. Boyle’s hands move to cup Sherlock’s chin, to cradle the curve of his skull, and Joanna can see the coiled strength of his shoulders and arms in the moment just before she grips the bloodied cloth at her elbow and
Moriarty tips his head to one side, feigning polite curiosity. “Remind you of your dear dead gran, did she?” He smiles, showing teeth. “Oh, Joanna. How
Adrienne smirks.
“I’ve brought snacks,” she tells the mirror. “You should take this as a sign of my determination.” She pulls the bag of crisps from her coat pocket, and as she lifts her head she sees him.
There’s a moment’s silence, and then she slips off the bed and stands in front of him. Her shirt buttons are small, white, plastic – they slip easily through the buttonholes until she can shrug the damp shirt off her shoulders and onto the floor. She still hasn’t regained all the weight and muscle she lost while she was ill, and she wears her belt buckled tight to keep her trousers from slipping down her hips. She sets the gun on her bedside table, then opens the belt and her trousers and pushes them to the floor, leaving her naked but for her sensible cotton pants and bra.
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Hudson says. “Brave girl like you – you’ve nothing to apologise for.” She presses a clean tea towel into Joanna’s hands. “Now: cup of tea or nip of something stronger?”
The shadow says nothing, but touches his cheek with one dark hand.
“Oh, I know that face,” Mrs. Hudson says, and dishes another spoonful of peas onto Joanna’s plate. “Wants you to go running off to another one of his crime scenes, does he? With your poor shoulder and the chill in the air—”
“We’ve talked about this, Harry. You have tenants—”
Adrienne stares back at her, sphinx-like and unmoved, and eases the book from her hand. “This is only a story. The mirror is real, and Agamede was its creator.”
There’s a shout from the other side of the pit – the team working on the second set of remains. Lestrade winces.
The witch was stooped and pale and thin as bones. She looked the orphan girl up and down with her little black eyes and said, ‘You are much too skinny. Come back when you are fatter, and I will bake you in my oven and eat you for my supper.’
He ticks them off on his fingers. “Violence, camaraderie, or sex.” He pauses, considering. “Or some combination of the three. The man very nearly immolated you, after all – a bit of hedonistic excess on your part is hardly outside the bounds of probability.”
She feels the hot press of acid at the back of her throat, the air-starved ache in her lungs, but she can’t fight her way to the surface, not yet – fire swells in the air above the pool, distorted by water and the creeping darkness at the edge of her vision. If she doesn’t breathe soon—
“Wow,” Joanna says after a brief, stunned silence. “That was...thorough.”
“Of course not. It was the family of invisible elves who live in your fireplace. They love a good javelin toss.” The assistant pushes herself out of the chair, Blackberry clutched in one hand. “That was sarcasm, by the way. It was definitely you.”
She closes her eyes and sees him again – pale face and dark hair and the effortless, steadying surety that whether she could see him or not he was always there, just on the other side of the glass.
“Because you’ll be dead.”
There was a time, not so long ago, when Joanna told her sister everything. Now she looks at her feet and says, “Thought I might go through the old family albums. Find some photos of Mum.”
Mycroft nods, impassive. “I can.”
Adrienne closes the box. “Everyone does, when you know what you’re looking for.” She turns to Mycroft. “This device was active during at least one of our recent visits to Baker Street. Moran knows I’m working for you, and he knows Doctor Watson is unable to defend your brother or herself.”
“Shut up and find me a sewing needle.”
“Joanna,” Thompson says. Her tone is scolding, familiar, and something in Joanna breaks.
Harry twists around to glare at her. “Jo, what the hell—”
Joanna steps back from the wall, the recipe book beneath one arm and the cane under the other. “I suppose I’ll have to come up with a story.”
“Yes,” Joanna says, “he did.” She turns to Alice. “There’s a fire at a sports centre three streets from here, and the alarm system’s been disabled. Someone should probably phone the fire department.”
Mycroft turns another page, unmoved. “Don’t say
“The same way I know everything. I pay attention.” He climbs over her legs and settles on the other side of the bed with a huff. “Your reactions to stress are entirely predictable, and yet you spent last night alone in the flat drowning yourself in a bottle of cheap gin. There must be something, some piece of information I’ve missed.” He slumps back against the headboard and scrubs his fingers through his hair. “What am I not seeing?”
Madame Seostris was a handsome woman. Her short-cropped hair is dyed unnaturally dark, and though her skin has faded grey beneath her makeup, there’s something like life still in the strong angles of her cheekbones and chin. Her feet are bare, her trousers and blouse black, simple – expensive. Her arms are folded unnaturally across her chest, like a carving on a pharaoh’s tomb. She’s almost smiling.
“Yes,” Joanna says, tapping the end of her pencil against a squiggly blur that might be Scorpio. “I read it in one of your books.”
“I’m coming!” Joanna shouts, pounding down the stairs after her final check on each dark lamp and locked window. She looks into the kitchen – windows shut, oven off, refrigerator emptied – and then flicks off the light. Her suitcase is by the door; she carries it in her right hand, and locks the door to her grandmother’s house behind her with her left.
and a few of mirrors, but none that describe the mirror in the attic. There are mirrors that show the truth, and others that only show lies. There was once a mirror that showed you your heart’s greatest desire, but it was lost years ago and Joanna knows what she would see in it, if she could.
The case in this chapter involves the serial murder of children, and while there is no graphic description of violence against children, Joanna and Sherlock do examine their remains.
“That would have been the sensible response, yes.” She rubs idly at the stiffness in her knee. For a long moment she doesn’t say anything at all. “Whatever you saw in the mirror, it must be important to you.”
.” She raises the book between them. “Tell me this is just a children’s story. Tell me it isn’t real.”
“Hilarious,” he says, his eyes on the wood around them. “I’m rolling.”
Joanna stretches her fingers over the handle of her cane, watching the bend and flex of her knuckles. Her fingernails are growing too long; she needs to clip them. “I like being useful.”
the oak says.
Even in summer, the sky over her grandmother’s house is rarely clear enough to see the stars.
Dust cloths still cover most of the library shelves, protecting their contents from sunlight and the passage of time. Sherlock tears the cloth from the next bookshelf, lets it spill over the balcony and onto the floor below. It falls slowly, flowing through the air before it lands in grey ripples at Joanna’s feet.
“Probably when you dragged me out of the water with all the grace of a trained gorilla. I can already feel the bruises.” He gives up the search for the keys and slumps back against the locked door. “I don’t suppose you still have yours?”
The shadow shudders against the door, the edges of its silhouette suddenly darker, more defined. It looks at its hands, curling and uncurling its fingers as though fascinated by their articulation. Then the shadow looks north, her own face shown in profile, and speaks three short summoning words in a language Joanna cannot hear.
Joanna sinks back down to sit on the streamer trunk. The anger is gone, but the clarity stays – the clarity and the terrible, steady-handed calm. “A mirror that shows you your own death. My grandmother’s mirror.”
Joanna spends each afternoon in the attic, drifting through her schoolwork and eating crisps. She unrolls a moth-eaten sleeping bag over the cold attic floorboards and nicks a few ratty pillows from the old sofa in the second floor sitting room; the boy moves his mirror to the edge of his desk, clearing away books and papers so they can see each other as they work. He never seems to do much regular schoolwork – the books he reads have long, embossed titles in French or German, or are science texts so advanced they may as well be in another language, for all she understands of them. Joanna quite likes science – it’s one of her best subjects – but she’s only just learning about gas giants and the different types of stars; it’ll be a few years yet before she’s ready for
says the last inscription.
The trees are oak and hornbeam, familiar in winter and summer, in shade or sun. The wood had been wilder when Joanna was small, had grown deep and dark and still no matter what the council did to tame it. No matter how many paths they mowed or signposts they painted.
He sits in the chair beside the bed, the blue book from the library in his hands. His skin is waxen and grey with exhaustion, his long face made unfamiliar by the shadow of his unshaven beard. He opens the book with a soft crack of the spine, wets his lips, and begins to read.
Harry and her axe pry the tree open, flooding the hollow trunk with light.
, she thinks, stepping carefully over the threshold, her eyes on the satchel. Datura is common enough, but no one sane would think it a cheery scent to add to a home decoration. Every part of the plant is poisonous, often fatally so, and it’s used only in the most desperate and dangerous of charms.
She pushed past the doctors standing around the bed. The boy shuddered and twitched and twisted in his blankets, drenched in fever-sweat, and she heard Death’s steady footsteps upon the stair.
Joanna shakes her head, phrasing her response carefully. “I doubt I could tell you anything you don’t already suspect.”
“Of course,” Joanna says, perhaps a little too stiffly. “We’re all like one big, happy family.”
The cane shudders, like it wants to bore through the wall and follow Mycroft out into the street. Joanna swallows. “I didn’t do that.”
He works in silence, starting with the end of the snarled plait and moving up slowly as he coaxes free each tangle and clump of earth. The ivy in her hair writhes away from his careful fingers, curling around her ears and jaw, but he tugs it loose and drops it to the floor. It coils around her ankles like an affectionate cat.
, Joanna thinks.
Joanna pushes the window drape aside and looks down at the stranger again. She can’t remember the last time anyone but the postman came to the house; there’s almost something surreal in the sight of him, just standing there. Waiting. “If he’s a salesman, he isn’t a very good one. He isn’t carrying a case.”
“That’s lesson one.”
, she says, tasting blood and the poison bitterness of old-growth yew. The sacrifice and the intent. She swallows, and inside her a flame lights.
Helene is her grandmother’s name, though Joanna’s never heard anyone call her by it before. Coming from this man, Joanna isn’t sure she likes it. Her eyes are adjusting to the daylight, and she can see the grey at the stranger’s temples and the deep lines of his face, lines that speak more of pain than of age. “Gran’s meant to be resting today,” Joanna says, “but I’ll let her know you’re here.” She steps back, opening the door further. “You can wait inside, if you like.”
“Shut up and strip,” she says, and walks out of the room.
“Afghanistan,” she says. He nods, a dark dip of his head from the edge of her vision.
She fires a warning shot just past his right ear; Mrs Barrow screams, and the bullet lodges harmlessly in the wall.
He closes his eyes. “We could just stay out here. Enjoy the evening. Watch the sunrise.”
“I’ll take care of the flat. Gran died in ’91; you must be older than you look.”
Early dawn bleeds into daylight, into the sun harsh overhead, and they haven’t gone far before the street cracks, giving way to sand, to hard-packed dirt. There’s a sound like a whistle, a warning, and then they’re pinned down along an empty, endless stretch of road, sweat and sunlight bright in their eyes as they seek cover.
Only then did the widow begin to weep. She cried tears of pain and grief and fear, and where her tears fell upon the tall stone, its gleaming surface turned as dark as ink. When the stone was black with weeping, Death came and stood at the foot of the rich man’s grave.
Mrs Hudson is breathing well despite the dust. Joanna follows her from room to room, listening for any sign of respiratory discomfort or distress as her landlady clucks over abandoned dinner plates and empty glasses, tidying as she goes. Her hip still pains her on the stairs, but her lungs sound clear and healthy, undamaged by smoke.
Her grandmother’s cane, on the other hand, was bound to draw his attention. She hasn’t lived in Baker Street a week when she comes home from the shops to find him perched on the back of her armchair, balancing it between two long fingers.
Sherlock is speechless, frozen in place. The fire lunges for the cane in his hands, its burning fingers grasping for the handle.
Joanna shrugs, too casually. “What can I say? I was very popular at school.”
Joanna closes her eyes, briefly. “When?”
He wheezes a laugh and then his hands are on her back, his face hot against her cheek and the shell of her ear –
“But Gran—”
Her grip on his sleeve is tight enough to strain the seams; she makes herself let go. “Better start walking if we’re going to find a taxi,” she says, and turns away before she can see the look on his face. She picks a direction and begins to walk.
.” Joanna doesn’t raise her voice, but she’s never needed to – not when she uses this particular tone. Its effect is dramatic and immediate. Harry’s mouth closes with an audible click of teeth, and Joanna sighs into the silence. “I know you’re worried, Harry, but I’m sorting this out on my own. End of story, end of conversation.”
He twitches a little at that, but lets it pass. “And if the wards fail?”
Once he shows her his mother’s silhouette as she passes in the corridor, a slim, elegant shape that shifts seamlessly from one shadow to the next. Most days his house seems as empty as hers.
“I’d make the client pay.”
The widow promised this easily, without hesitation. She took the yellow-bristled brush and walked back through the grove of white trees to the rich man’s grave. The stone stood tall over the fresh-turned earth, and the widow knelt before it with the yellow-bristled brush and scrubbed the dirt and the grit from its coarse face. She scrubbed until her knees ached and her back grew stiff, but she did not stop. She scrubbed until night fell and her old eyes went blind in the dark, but she did not stop. She scrubbed until her fingernails cracked and her knuckles bled, but she did not stop.
Sherlock is already gone the next morning when Joanna leaves the flat. Which is just as well, really, considering what he’d think of her destination.
Adrienne steps up to his desk and shows him the open cigar box. “This was in your brother’s flat. It’s Moran’s.”
Her shadow still stands against the kitchen door, the sewing needle buried in its chest. The fire cannot harm it; the brighter a fire burns, the darker the shadows become.
The nearest stacks are the remnants of Harry’s married life, crates of china and cookware and large boxes of clothes little more than a season out of style, all labelled in Clara’s pleasant, looped handwriting. Joanna shuffles down the breath-tight aisles between stacks, moving deeper into the unit. She eases past the small pile of banker’s boxes she’d left with Harry before she’d gone to Afghanistan – packed with books she couldn’t bear to part with and the few small things from her Barts years she’d let herself keep – and nearly falls over a cardboard mausoleum dedicated to Harry’s shoe collection, circa 1997. Behind her, Adrienne sneezes. The sound is vaguely goose-like, and Joanna smiles.
“I do.” He presses the shard of mirror into the palm of her hand, closing her fingers around it. It bites into her skin, drawing blood, and power rises bitter at the back of her throat. “I never want to see you again,” he says. “I want to forget I ever saw you at all.”
, the oak says without words.
Her eyes close. “Next time we’ll stop him.”
“If you’re so fucking independent, I suppose you can do without this.” She snatches the cane out of Joanna’s hand and walks off, weaving her way into the crowd of pedestrians passing by.
Harry keeps their grandmother’s kitchen table in a storage unit in Haringey. Joanna remembers sitting beneath it when she was small, tracing the burnt letters of her name. Of her mother’s.
In some dreams she tries to follow him. In others she looks only for an exit, an escape from the narrow garden paths and the flat, summer-blue sky overhead. She grows used to wandering alone, in sunlight and in the shade. She never finds what she’s looking for.
He puffs up like an insulted cat. “It isn’t supposed to be
He gasps for breath, and she loosens the tree’s grip around his chest until he can speak. “It wasn’t me. I had no reason,” he pants, “to want you to forget.”
She looks up again. “Joanna, why did you join the army?”
The gun is whole again but for its magazine. She tests it quickly, aims it at the floor and tugs back the slide in a smooth, practiced motion. She eases her finger over the trigger. “Alfred Boyle didn’t die of a heart attack,” she says, and pulls.
just after the word
“Joanna, you are
Joanna tucks the pencil behind her ear and closes the star chart, folding it into neat squares. “I just think it would be useful, knowing the future. Is that so odd?”
Joanna plucks a pair of tweezers from a nearby tray of forensic tools and eases a sliver of green from beneath one of the fingernails on the right hand. She drops it into a plastic evidence bag. “There is now,” she says.
only gently implied. “If you could show us the room he disappeared from—”
Gran smiles her most annoyingly cryptic smile. “No, my dear. Not quite.”
“You have already taken them,” the girl said without reproach. “I was very young then, but I remember you well.”
.” He looks up, frowning. “Sherlock, where did you find this?”
Joanna looks down at her chart, her shoulders slightly hunched. “You know Harry didn’t mean it like that.”
“I’m sure it is. For the moment.” He brushes his fingers across the page open in front of him. “It seems,” he says, “that quite a few men and women in your family have been ‘eccentrics’, and for a not inconsiderable number of generations.” He turns to the last pages of the book and holds it up for her to see, his gloved fingers splaying the pages wide. “And this looks very much like your own handwriting, doesn’t it, Doctor Watson?” He smiles, shark-like. “What a puzzle.”
“Right,” Joanna says softly, to herself. “Home.”
Harry’s car idles on the street outside, and Joanna winces when her sister leans on the horn.
melodrama,” Sherlock drawls. “How charming.”
“I assume,” he says, “that you have a perfectly reasonable explanation for all of this.”
All-saint’s fire burns in a blue halo around 221, its flames rippling in the empty air over the café awning like waves against a beach. The white stone beneath the fire is unharmed, safe as long as the warding spell holds, but smoke slips through cracks in the doors and windows, filling the house and rising in thick black coils into the sky above.
When he speaks again, his voice is perfectly steady.
“Bastard,” Anderson hisses, and stalks after him.
She returns to the flat the next afternoon to find Mycroft Holmes sitting on the sofa, wearing a pair of latex gloves and flipping casually through her grandmother’s recipe book.
Boyle jerks back Sherlock’s chin, hard enough to hurt but not far enough to injure. “What does that mean?”
Joanna swallows. “Nothing can bring back the dead.”
“Oh, brilliant,” Donovan says when Sherlock steps out of the cab. “Because this crime scene wasn’t creepy enough.”
He stills, his expression turning suddenly, horribly blank. “Mycroft—”
She undoes the latch and opens the window. Night air prickles along her skin, her exposed arms and legs. She steps back, shivering, and he slips into the room, graceful despite his height and the narrow window. His shoes squelch as they hit the floor.
” The door opens, and another masked man stands inside, with another gun. A corridor dark and echoing behind him. The man with the broken hand moves close behind her. “But the water is not what should frighten you,” he says, and together they take her by the shoulders and pull her into the dark.
“He’s not the only one. Half the neighbourhood is waiting outside that gate, and every one of ‘em has some loony theory about little old lady Satanists or white slavers or your friendly neighbourhood blood cult.” Lestrade rubs a hand over his jaw. It isn’t yet noon, but he already looks as if he needs a shave. His eyes are red with exhaustion. “Child murders make everyone go a bit barmy, I suppose. Even the great Sherlock Holmes.”
, I can still walk by myself. I don’t need—”
“You bought them in that bookshop on Peterborough Road. Elderly proprietor with a tremor in his right hand, smoked a meerschaum pipe. Compulsive gambler. He helped you select them; hardly the sort of thing you would have read, even at my age – shipwrecks and smugglers, lost worlds and unwinnable wars. Treasure and betrayal and revenge.” He smiles, exhaustion sharpening the long angles of his face. “Adventure stories, Mycroft. Fairy tales.”
“Yes,” she said, “but you are not.” She lit the candle again and used a strip of cloth torn from the hem of her skirt to bind the bleeding wound in her arm. Then she sat again in the chair at the hermit’s bedside and waited for the sun to rise.
They were married in the summer, in a field outside the town where amaranth and wildflowers grew. After they were wed there was fine music and good food and dancing late into the night. The bride sang and clapped her hands as she watched her young husband dance in the tall grasses, in the amaranth and the wildflowers; laughed as she watched him stumble and fall. Her laughter stopped when she saw the viper winding through the tall grasses, fleeing the bloody bite in her young husband’s leg.
, a voice like Joanna’s adds,
Joanna says, her stomach a twisted knot.
“There’s a barrel of ash in the garden – books and papers, judging by the remnants. She burned them just before she died.” He stares at the table like he can see through to the body above. “She was paranoid. Reclusive. Had her groceries delivered, refused to leave the house. Binned her post unopened. She hadn’t accepted a new client in two months.”
Mrs. Hudson takes a second helping of the roast for herself and tries not to look too pleased. “Did he? Very considerate of him, to let you know.”
Lake water surges up through the bed sheets, murky and ice cold and stinking of algae and rot. It rolls over her in a crash of yellow foam, flooding the bed and sucking her down into the mattress. Water fills her mouth and nose and she chokes on it, her lungs burning. Sherlock is standing and shouting, but she can’t hear him through the rush of the water and the wave; the lake spills onto the bedroom floor, coursing under his feet, and he lands hard in the mud. He doesn’t let go of her hand.
“And a lovely little corpse to use for fertiliser,” Gran says. She seizes Joanna’s wrist in strong, bone-thin fingers and turns her hand over, showing her the still bleeding wound in her palm. “This sort of power does not come cheaply, Joanna. It is not a toy, and it is not a game. You will use it wisely or not at all. Do you understand?”
Adrienne continues typing. “No, thank you. I’m trying to quit.”
to do anything,” Adrienne says, her voice hard with an emotion Joanna can’t define. “That’s not how it works, and you know it. If you stay with him, you’re choosing this. If you leave Baker Street tonight—”
, it had said.
She leaves the mirror and her grandmother’s book behind.
“Not exactly.” She closes the box of albums and sets it behind her, on the floor. She opens the next box in the stack. “Just bring me all the books you find. I’ll remember it when I see it.”
“An annoying habit of yours,” Sherlock says as he tries to coax it open with little success. “Locking things. Being
“I don’t know. An old bloke in a posh coat. I never knew his name.”
“Why the kitchen table?” Sherlock asks suddenly. “Why not just a record book? A framed bit of paper?”
The oak feels footsteps through the house. The vibration of another human voice. This voice is frightened, like Sherlock’s, and angry too – the footsteps slip over moss and broken crockery, and the human yells each time it falls. Sherlock yells back, and the other human stumbles over to him, clumsy and still yelling, and then there is the fall of an axe. The oak screams.
Joanna feels it like an ache at first, a strange pressure building behind her eyes and her teeth. It spreads along her skin, a prickling flush of adrenaline and heat and
she thinks,
Two days later Joanna finds the listening device hidden in their sitting room.
“Grump.” The recipe book lies open on her lap, open to its last pages.
“No trouble. Just thought you should know.” He sits back, crossing his legs at the knee, and drops the book onto the seat beside him. “I thought we’d take this opportunity to have a bit of a chat. You must have questions.”
it through the stitches in her palm, pushing her magic through the blood-soaked thread and deep into the shadow’s heart.
Joanna sits back on her heels, frowning. “So do I.”
He’s still dressed in the shirt and trousers he wore the day before, his sleeves rolled to his elbows. When their eyes meet, his lips twitch in a rueful approximation of a smile. “Nightmare?”
“I can’t lose if I’m not playing,” Mycroft says. He’s squinting down at the book, holding it little too close to his face, and Joanna smiles.
“You’ve told me that you haven’t been close with your sister since you were small. Since your parents’ deaths.” Thompson leans forward slightly in her chair, and the silver charms on her bracelet catch the light from the office window. The two of the charms touch, and the sound is like a bell chime. “Your grandmother took you in after the accident, is that right?”
stamped on my forehead in red ink.”
“Yes,” he says, to no one. To the open book in his hands. “Yes,” he says. “All right.”
The pounding ache in her head has returned. “Jesus,” she says, almost laughing. “I really don’t want to know how you think you know that.”
Joanna takes her hand again. “Maybe,” she says. “But I like you best when you’re at your sourest.”
, she thinks, and she’s about to step toward it when Sherlock whirls out of the room and down the hall.
He has already tried; he will try again. He will send his man
The hand falls back to Adrienne’s side, and she turns. Her expression is a careful blank. “A spell book?”
the tree answers, its not-voice growing fainter.
magic? Abracadabra? That sort of thing?”
“I got rid of all that nonsense years ago.”
“His heart’s stopped.” She pushes past him and drops to her knees at Boyle’s side. He has no pulse. He isn’t breathing. “Sherlock, your mobile. We need emergency services.” She starts chest compressions, the rhythm instinctual, automatic. She breathes into his slack, bloody mouth and lets her mind go blank.
“Very well,” Death said. “And if he does not?”
A wet slice of sweet and sour pork slithers past her collar and into her shirt, and she shrieks a bit, before she can stop herself. The half-drunk couple at the next table turn and stare; Sherlock is already back in his seat, picking at his food and looking disturbingly angelic. “Problem?”
,” she says, and hears the sound of waves. Of wind over water. The black branches of the dead birch rattle against the window glass.
The shadow snaps the fire back by its wrist and forces it face down onto the bricks. It writhes in her hold, crackling with sparks, and then with a sudden, sharp roll to the side it flips their positions, pinning the shadow to the ground with both burning hands wrapped around her dark throat.
“I could be wrong,” Joanna says, “but I think there are sigils for invisibility written on these tyres.”
. She rubs Harry’s back in small, soothing circles. “She’s just trying to do what’s best for you – she always does. The woman would set herself on fire for you, if you asked.”
The wall is overgrown with dead moss and creeping ivy, its bricks bound together more by forest than mortar after years of neglect. It stretches eight or nine inches over her head and as far as she can see in either direction, separating the wood from the houses on the other side. There isn’t anywhere left to run.
“I found it in the wood. I want you to bring it back.”
‘Promise to be married in the summer,’ the witch said, ‘in a field where amaranth and wildflowers grow. Promise me that, and I will give you the candle that will save your rich man’s son.’
She sinks back into sleep without opening her eyes.
“He took you not far from the flat,” he says. His voice is cool, detached; it sounds strange through the rush of her pulse in her ears. “No farther than three streets away, because you consider that home territory and he wanted to make it clear that he can take you anytime, from anywhere he likes.” He pauses, and she feels a familiar tug at her temples as he begins to plait her hair. “Am I right?”
Mrs Hudson sings, her voice wavering and sweet and high. “
“Superstitious
The next day her sister is waiting for her when she leaves the physiotherapist’s office. Harry’s eyes are hidden behind sunglasses, despite the winter clouds overhead; she has a large Burberry shopping bag in one hand and her mobile phone in the other. “I’m buying you lunch,” she says. “Don’t try to argue.”
She says, “Harry will blame you. Don’t let her. I made my choice.”
She feels the rip and the tear of it, feels blisters of heat beneath her skin like the sparks of a flame yet to catch
Joanna walks to the windows and pulls back the drape. Three more satchels hang over each pane of glass, all stitched in black thread with the same sigil. She lets the curtain fall back into place.
, the boy had said, and in the simplest, strongest of magics that’s all that’s required – intent and the sting of fresh-spilled blood. Joanna looks down at the long-faded scars of her open palm and says, “I can’t, Mycroft. Don’t ask me again.”
don’t understand what I’ve lost!” Harry cries. “How could you? You’ve never loved anyone the way I love her. You’ve never given anyone a bloody chance.” She stumbles forward, red-faced and far too close. “Saint fucking Joanna, martyr to her own perfection. All those weaker,
,” Harry hisses, wrenching Joanna to her feet by one arm. “This is absolute bloody madness, Jo, and you know it.”
, it says, notes written in her own neat hand. She closes the book and drops it to the floor. It makes a soft sound as it lands. “I’ll stay here, if you don’t mind. The mirror can wait.”
Not long after, she threw over the surgeon and joined his club. They were happy to have her.
“Oh, so you’ll sit there and watch me sleep for nineteen hours, but you won’t help me take a drink of water?”
,” Anderson says, “are you two doing under the corpse?”
The shot slams Joanna down face first into the dirt, and she feels the force of it long before the pain.
it says
“Or both, I suppose,” Joanna says, a wry note of warning in her voice. Sherlock continues, tone-deaf.
He stops suddenly, looking down at Joanna’s arm and the delicate green tendril growing from the bloody tip of one of the splinters. As he watches, it unfurls into a tiny oak leaf.
, he doesn’t say, and the touch at her throat disappears. “I meant to thank you, and to say that if you ever do it again, I will cut you from my life so completely I won’t even be able to remember your name.”
Two days before Joanna’s seventeenth birthday, her grandmother went to a pet shop and bought a dove.
The next morning Joanna limps downstairs to find her grandmother’s cane mounted by hooks to the wall above the sitting room fireplace, just below the mirror. When she looks closer, she sees that the cane’s been polished, the yew wood gleaming almost red in the morning light. The skull grins widely at her, and she grins back.
says a voice like the groan of floorboards. Like the creak of seventeen stairs.
There is, of course, a perfectly reasonable explanation for this. If her head would stop pounding, she’d probably be able to remember what it was.
After a moment’s glance at her reflection in the mirror, Joanna follows.
“It’s all just a waste of time,” she says. Her voice breaks. “A waste of our fucking time.”
The surface of the pool is as smooth as a mirror.
“You are deliberately missing the point.”
“Oh, aren’t you?” He closes the book with a snap. “Well, never mind, then. I was going to ask you to read my palm, but I suppose I won’t bother now. Killjoy.”
“I have it. We’re going home.”
He looks away, avoiding her eyes. “Mycroft sent me a file the morning you moved in. I didn’t read it.”
“I suppose he’s waiting for a reply,” Gran says, her eyes still on the letter, her voice horribly calm. She crumples the paper in her fist and holds it out over the railing, cupped in the palm of her hand. “This will have to do.”
Boyle ignores him, his eyes fixed on Joanna. “Why?”
But when she turns back she sees only her reflection, standing in the attic alone.
,” Moriarty groans, the way Sherlock says
Sherlock wheezes, alive, clutching his lovely, unbroken neck with one hand and reaching for her with the other. “Joanna—”
She slips the recipe book back onto its shelf and returns to bed.
, the lock does not quite say, and a moment later the sigils flare blue and white with heat. The door rattles like a caged animal in its frame, echoed by every door along the hallway, and the sound grows louder and fiercer until there’s a hard click from inside the lock. The sound stops, and the corridor is still.
Instead she jerks one of Harry’s white silk blouses off its hanger. Sherlock averts his eyes when she shoves her arms through the sleeves, all elbows and clumsy fingers. She fumbles with the buttons, starting at her throat. “How did you find us, Harry? No one knew we were here.”
“Yes,” Joanna gasps, laughing so hard tears well in her eyes. “Yes, but ages ago. Oh god—” She dissolves into giggles again, and Adrienne stands back, the book tucked awkwardly under one arm. For the first time since Joanna met her, she looks as if she doesn’t know what to say.
Gran smiles, shaking her head. “Such a better liar than your poor sister. I’m so proud.” She walks closer, the polished tip of her cane clicking against the floorboards. “Harry didn’t lock the door, my dear – I did. Which means you’ll need more than a key to open it again.”
“That was Seostris’ book?”
you help?”
The bed would be more comfortable, but even with a towel laid beneath it can be difficult to contain the mess. Instead she sits with her back at the open window, towel and brushes and tools spread in front of her like a place setting at a rather morbid dinner table. She works in silence, her fingers slick with solvent and oil.
Some change in her posture
Her right arm is swallowed to the elbow, encased in the living wood of the trunk. She breathes, and the oak breathes with her. She clenches her fist, and Moran hisses in pain.
The bride promised this easily, without hesitation. She took the small wooden box and ran away from the little black house and the grove of white trees. She ran along the twisting path and out of the dark heart of the wood. Death waited still at the edge of the field; the bride ran past him and through the wildflowers and the amaranth to where her young husband lay dying.
“The books you brought me are worthless,” Sherlock says without looking up from his reading.
Joanna nods. “Donovan.”
“Harry’s locked it,” Joanna says, a little breathless. “Gran, can I have the key? I left a book up there, and I need it for school.”
Joanna sits in the empty chair beside Adrienne’s and meets the challenge in Mycroft’s steady gaze. “It’s pretty simple, actually. If I had used magic, I would’ve known the bomb was a fake. If I’d known the bomb was a fake, Moriarty would be dead.”
“It’s a place to start, anyway,” Joanna says to the empty kitchen. The dead starling stares up at her with eyes as bright as glass.
, she’d said, and her grandmother hadn’t disagreed.
, she isn’t interested in treatment.
Sherlock nods, unsurprised. He waves Mycroft on with a casual twist of his hand. “The last story. Read the title.”
Donovan’s waiting for them on the other side of the tapeline, arms crossed over her chest and her eyebrows raised. “Old friends of yours?” she asks.
“I’m fine,” he says, and sounds it. “The bruising is uncomfortable, but I’ve had worse. All it needs is paracetamol and an icepack.” He turns and fixes her with a close, calculating look. “I’d like to see your wrists now, please.”
Sherlock grins. “Homemade, then. Excellent.” He leans over her shoulder as she washes her hands, speaking close in her ear. “Without onions, if you don’t mind. I find them gastronomically distracting.” He gives her shoulder a pat. “There’s a good girl.”
She’s never seen the room all at once before; she’d only ever caught bits and pieces, glimpses given by the shifting angles of the mirror. It’s larger than she thought, and messier. The light of his desk lamp warms the long lines of his face, casting his shadow on the wall beyond.
Her jaw tenses under his touch. “I’m the fifth hostage. Sherlock’s last puzzle.”
She cleans every window in every room and oils the hinges of every door. The house grows unfamiliar under her hands, a stranger in the sunlight. She comes to miss the taste of dust.
as she had been taught; she was not the sort to waste time with pointless courtesies. “This is a hermit’s cottage,” she said, “and he does not welcome strangers.”
“His kept witch,” Adrienne adds, and takes a broken shard of amber glass from the box. She holds it up to the light. “Just as I am Mr Holmes’, and you are his brother’s.”
She smiles beatifically at him. “Deep breaths, please. I’m going to listen to your lungs.”
Mrs. Hudson’s fingers are clenched around the empty glass. “Joanna—”
as was expected; she was not the sort to waste time with pointless courtesies. “We have no gold, but if you seek shelter, you are welcome to share this roof until morning.”
“We’re not leaving without you.”
“There are other ways,” a familiar voice says. Adrienne, Alice, Anthea, Anita, Augusta. So many names, and not one of them real. Joanna hears the sound of her shoes against the pavement. “I can help her, if you’ll let me.”
She runs for open ground, and wakes again to hear voices on the stairs.
He scowls. “I really don’t care.”
“The mirror,” she says. “Have you ever seen it?”
“They would have been difficult to hide or pass off as simple clumsiness. You were a child; someone would have intervened. Your sister or your grandmother – if you were hurting yourself, they would have stopped you.” His eyes darken with understanding and disbelief. “Unless,” he says, “you had their
The trunk feels hollow under her palm, empty in a way it hadn’t been the moment before. Joanna slips her hand into the glove again and walks back to the pit.
Harry stumbles into the room a moment later, barefoot. She drops a pair of sharp-heeled shoes to the floor and slumps forward onto the bed. “God,” she says, her voice muffled by the blankets beneath her. “Your flatmate is fucking
“Your wallet?”
Memory hits her like a rush, a sudden, concussive explosion of sound and –
“Oh? Enlighten me.”
She cannot see the face of the tall man sitting behind the desk, but she sees the way his hands move as he speaks. His long, expressive fingers, and the dark halo of his hair.
Joanna nods.
Adrienne tests the first knot, and the edge of the rug twitches. “Not bad. I prefer coir when I use mass-produced. It has a nice spring to it.” She drops the string into Joanna’s open hand. “I could get you some, if you’d like.”
The largest map on the wall is, unsurprisingly, of London. He’s circled several locations in red ink – their flat, her grandmother’s house. The pool where Carl Powers died. Eileen Farmer’s house in Stroud Green, and Mrs Barrow’s by Coldfall Wood.
The stranger is breathing fast, his fists clenched at his sides. He climbs again to the front step, watching her with careful eyes. “You didn’t know that would happen.”
Gran doesn’t frown, but a new line furrows between her eyebrows. “You’re too young. Next year, maybe.”
The mobile is forgotten. He glares down at her, his mouth twisted in an unattractive sneer. “Why should I? This is your weakness, not mine, and I’m not in the habit of coddling drunks – however pathetic they might be.”
“Follow me,” Harry says, and leads the way.
she do next?”
Her bark. His blood seeps through the surface and into her veins, flows through her branches and rises bitter at the back of her throat, a sour humming magic that fills her mouth and grinds like metal against her teeth. She chokes on it, unable to breathe.
“Seven years bad luck, if you believe in that sort of thing.” Sherlock gives her a pitying look, and she smiles wryly. “Which of course you don’t.”
“Joanna,” he says, like the sound of her name is an argument in itself. “He would have burned you.”
They can’t hear her, of course, but it still makes for a pleasant evening. Joanna stays with Mrs Hudson until her friend retires for the night, closing her bedroom door behind her.
The cuff of Harry’s borrowed blouse is beginning to fray; Joanna pulls at a loose thread and unravels it carefully, drawing the silk out as far as it will go until it snaps. She threads the stolen sewing needle with steady hands, and when she turns around she sees her shadow – a dark shape cast on the alley bricks by the eerie light of the flames.
He shakes his head. “I tell you, if it weren’t for all the paperwork I’d have to wade through after—” Anderson shouts somewhere in the distance, and Lestrade sighs again. “Bloody children, the both of them,” he mutters and disappears down the hall.
Joanna tries very hard not to laugh. If she starts again, she might not stop. “Well, now you know,” she says. “Your new flatmate is a cold-blooded killer. Shoots a deranged cabbie one minute, devours a double order of beef with broccoli the next.” She leans forward, her arms folded on the table. “And so you ask yourself: what fresh terrors lie beneath her mild-mannered exterior? What
He could still be nearby, watching. If Sherlock’s going to burn, he’ll want to see it for himself.
“Obviously,” he says, sounding pleased and a little off-balance, like he always does when she gives her honest opinion of his abilities. He retreats a few steps. “Ask your sister to verbally eviscerate you in a slightly less piercing tone of voice, would you? It’s distracting.”
“Please,” he says, so softly she can hardly hear him, the word more breath than sound. He says it again, and she feels the body’s fingers twitch under his. Feels its speeding heartbeat and the sudden expansion of its lungs.
Mycroft looks at the chaos around them – the sloping stacks of books on the table, the maps and papers pinned to the walls. He takes a step back, towards the open door. “We are safe here on family land, but James Moriarty knows we have what he wants. He will not wait forever. When Joanna wakes, decisions will have to be made.”
Harry sits at the table each night, her head bent over cups of coffee long gone cold. She reads old magazines and eats crackers and brushes the crumbs onto the floor, her eyes red-rimmed and dry. She waits for sunrise, and she does not drink.
Joanna spends the next morning sitting cross-legged on her bedroom floor, cleaning her gun.
Sherlock’s pyjamas and dressing gown are in a pile on the bathroom floor. She scoops them up into her arms and grabs two of the cleanest-looking towels from their racks. When she gets back to her room, she finds Sherlock still in his shirtsleeves and trousers, his suit jacket a wet lump behind him on the floor. His coat is spread carefully across her bed, leeching muddy water into the sheets.
She touches the shadow’s heart; the wood is smooth beneath her fingers. “Must he be kept there?”
He raises the first finger. “Violence soothes you. You have a particular talent for it, and indulging that talent gives you a sense of concrete purpose and control that you crave during times of uncertainty. But you can’t simply start a fight – not with that pesky moral code of yours and its pedestrian distaste for collateral damage. No, you rely on your rather less than pedestrian flatmate for your fix, and while normally I would have obliged with an appropriately dangerous case, my attention was needed elsewhere. So – camaraderie or sex.”
“They’ll find that she ingested the datura voluntarily during the autopsy. Until then, this is your proof.”
Harry stares at her, mouth open. She takes a step back. “I’m not—”
Sherlock exhales, wonder in his pale eyes. “She added her own death.”
Joanna frowns. “Is this about Sherlock?”
Not with a bang but a whimper.
“Good, you’re awake. Another hour and I’d have been forced to phone Stamford and request a house call.” Sherlock is sitting beside her, his back against the headboard and his long, pyjama-clad legs stretched out on top of the sheets. He appears to be fascinated by the glowing screen of her mobile. “And no, we didn’t have sex.”
It’s difficult with her hands still bound behind her back, but she manages to climb out the car door and onto the pavement. The building in front of them is squat grey concrete, nondescript and entirely unfamiliar. There’s a chipped plastic sign on the door that says
Moriarty and his snipers are gone, and the only sign of the explosion is a long tower of flame rising behind them, a fire stretching from the ashes of the vest to the high ceiling above. There isn’t even much smoke, now – just the single fire, burning impossibly bright. “Definitely not Semtex, then,” Sherlock says, and the madman’s about to step closer to the flame when Joanna jerks him back with one hand on his arm. He scowls. “I only want to see what sort of accelerant he’s used. It would have to be fairly unusual to sustain such a controlled burn.”
He has mud smeared across his forehead, down his left cheek and the long bridge of his nose. His hair has curled in the heat, turned stiff with dirt and sweat, and his clothes are no better – suit jacket missing, trousers ripped at the knees. His knuckles are badly bruised, raw and bleeding; she wants to take his hands and press them against her face, wrap her fingers around his wrists and feel the heartbeat under his living skin.
Gran hadn’t taught her much about all-saint’s fire; the ingredients required are expensive and volatile, and in a house as old and thickly enchanted as her grandmother’s even the smallest flame could have disastrous consequences. Gran said the fire could be used to destroy the indestructible and break the unbreakable, to reduce even the most powerful magics to ash and leave nothing of a living witch but the memory of her name.
Joanna shakes her head, her vision swimming with pain. “You didn’t know my father.”
‘Look again,’ said the witch of the wood, and when the widow Agamede looked again into the mirror she had made, she saw her young husband standing in Death’s place, holding his hands out wide in the grove of white trees.
The kit’s needle isn’t silver or particularly sharp, but there’s no time to be choosy; Joanna stabs it hard into the centre of her left palm. “The fire will be attracted to magic. It’ll try to cling to you as you pass through, but once you’re inside the wards it can’t follow.”
It doesn’t work, but she didn’t expect it to. She wipes the sigils clean and starts again.
No one has ever asked the question quite so simply before. It throws her off balance for a moment, and she frowns. “We’ve discussed that already, haven’t we?”
Her fingers clench around heavy fabric of his trouser pocket and his wallet wedged inside. “What do you need a mirror for, anyway? I’ve never seen you use it.”
Joanna stands alone on the staircase, listening to the silence. After a moment she descends the last steps and follows the lamplight into the long gallery.
The alley bricks are rough under her bare feet, still warm from the day’s sunlight. She walks quickly past the lit windows of the empty flats in 219, their lamps left burning in the rush of evacuation. The fire hasn’t spread to the other houses yet, its flames drawn to the magic of the wards, but if the wards die—
Harry’s fingers are cold and heavy over hers, and Joanna remembers the dawn light through her grandmother’s bedroom window. The sound of her breath when her chest rose for the last time, and the stillness after it fell. “Is that why she didn’t teach you?” Joanna says. “Because you asked?”
Joanna leans back against the dresser, her hands clenched in fists behind her. “Harry—”
She kicks hard to the surface, sucks in a single smoke-filled breath and dives again. An arm hooked around his chest and she drags the dead weight of him up to the air, breaking the surface with a gasp. Sherlock’s head slumps forward, his hair dark in his eyes. He isn’t breathing.
For a long moment, he says nothing. He doesn’t look away from her face. “I saw those scars the day we met.”
Joanna stares at her. Harry stops mid-chew. “Gran,” Harry says, sounding properly herself for the first time in years, “was that meant to be some sort of joke?”
He laughs, shaking his head. “Well, look at you. The girl glares daggers at your back whenever you get within three feet of him, and you still—”
Moriarty’s men unplaited her hair before dressing her in Semtex and wire, and it hangs loose around her shoulders, tangled inside the collar of the anorak and down her back. A strand has fallen into her eyes, but she can’t brush it away, not with a rifle’s red light shuddering across her chest. Her hands hang stiff at her sides.
“Then why are you going?”
“You’re going to lose!” he shouts, and disappears down the long, wide hallway. Joanna hears a polite sniff from just above her right shoulder; she turns and sees a pudgy thirteen-year-old Mycroft standing on the step behind her, carefully turning the crisp page of a paperback book.
She’d sounded very sure of that. Joanna hadn’t wanted to ask how she knew.
Sure enough, as she pushes herself unsteadily to her feet she sees a few seedlings of thyme and what might be yarrow sprouting up from the dark soil. They’re delicate and green and perfect – the first things she’s ever grown.
she reads.
is a rather charged term, politically. A more appropriate alternative?”
‘Yes,’ the widow said, and meant it.
Adrienne closes her hand, and when she opens it again the key is gone. “I assume you remember how to begin?”
Sherlock’s hands cup her elbows, holding her steady as he guides her away from the roots and towards Harry’s car. The little four-door is parked at an odd angle in the street, one tyre up on the kerb. Harry opens the door to the back seat.
Sherlock snaps the bag out of her hand. “
She smiles, unsurprised. “But you never saw me leave.”
“You need a favour.”
“And if that’s true,” he says, “if that’s true, then we’ve been here before, just like this. I’ve sat in this chair and said the words I’m saying now, and if time is a circle I’ll say them again, trapped in an infinite loop of this pointless, self-pitying, metaphysic
Joanna closes the cabinet doors. “Coming from you, that’s perilously close to a compliment. I’m flattered.”
“Of course she didn’t.” Harry closes her eyes. “I didn’t meet Gran until after you were born. She and Mum started talking again while Mum was pregnant with you, and then for a while she was around all the time.”
The Joanna Watson in the bed is as pale and still as porcelain. She breathes in the shallow, steady rhythm of deep sleep and coma, her hands folded neatly over her stomach. In repose her face is smooth, untroubled; her hair spills loose across the pillows. She sleeps without dreaming while her shadow watches from the open door, a dark silhouette standing alone in the light.
the book says,
She wishes she’d thought to ask his name.
Joanna smiles. “You say the same thing about antibiotics.”
skid across the library carpet and land under an antique writing desk.
“I do not
, Joanna thinks, and she’s about to slip out of bed when she hears Sherlock’s reply – his voice louder now, almost careless.
the time primping in front of the bathroom mirror that you do—”
Another satchel hangs in the kitchen window, half hidden behind a bundle of lavender.
“Light pollution,” Gran calls from the kitchen, raising her voice so Joanna can hear her outside on the garden steps. “You’re wasting your time.”
“I am a stranger to no man,” Death said. “Nor to any woman, or little village girl.” Death turned back to the closed door. “The hermit will leave with me before moonrise. He need not welcome me.”
The bomber. Joanna sits up, rubbing her hand over her face. The flat is freezing, but early morning sunlight streams in through the cracks in the boarded up windows. She tugs the blanket close around her. “Did I say anything?”
, the shadow says, her voice a midnight echo of Joanna’s own.
Adrienne snaps up the box and pushes open the door to Mycroft’s office. She strides inside, and Joanna follows a step behind.
He stands in front of a wide desk in a private study, the walls behind him lined by bookshelves and dark wood. His arms are at his sides, his back held stiff and straight, and Joanna realises for the first time that he’s at least a year younger than she is, if not more. His face and thin-fingered hands are too long for his body, and standing alone with his chin held defiantly high he looks a bit ridiculous, like a puppy who’s yet to grow into his paws. It should be endearing, but it hurts her, somehow, to see him made small.
The lock is not a house lock – it does not belong to anyone. It opens for the key. Strangers do not have the key, and strangers do not come inside.
Harry catches her just as the leg buckles, one wiry arm looped around Joanna’s waist. “Sorry,” she says, pressing the cane back into Joanna’s hand. “I just – fuck. I’m sorry, Jo.”
T.S. Eliot
The towel and tools are an oiled mess at her feet. She licks her lips. “I’ll need to put the gun away first.”
The stairs are tight, the ceiling low – twelve years old and not yet five feet tall and still she feels the breathless press of walls and wood and the dark. When she comes to the top, she reaches up and tugs the waxy length of string hanging over her head. A light bulb fizzes and pops, and when her eyes have adjusted she sees the mirror.
“But—”
“Very unlike him, you mean.” Joanna sighs and leans over her plate, her elbows wrinkling Mrs. Hudson’s embroidered tablecloth. “We had a sort of…strange encounter last night. That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about.”
“Not the first time she’s been forced to deal with the intoxicated ramblings of a naked tenant, and almost certainly not the last. At least you didn’t vomit.”
Mycroft looks away. “My brother has many fine qualities, but for all his efforts, he has never quite mastered the degree of ruthlessness required in these situations. His new playmate suffers no such handicap.” He gives her a grim smile. “Which is why I’m glad he has you.”
Joanna laughs, but it comes out strange. “No, it’s nothing like that. I just—” She starts down the stairs, barefoot and slightly unsteady. “I have a spell book, but I’m – I’m improvising, really, and it’s been almost twenty years since I did anything like this.” She reaches the last step and stops. “Actually, I’ve never done anything like this. Not by myself.”
she asks, summoning the sensation of falling. Of landing, broken. After a long moment, the oak replies.
Then she turns and walks away, pushing through the crowd until she reaches the entrance to the alley behind 221.
‘Do not be afraid,’ the girl told her beloved, and died upon the rich man’s grave.
Joanna’s grip tightens on the doorknob. “Gran, I—”
“Hmm,” Sherlock says, the politest equivalent of
Joanna can’t decide whether she should be offended or pleased; she settles for tearing another fistful of spiny-leafed weeds from their grip in the dirt.
Gran watches her carefully, blue eyes sharp. “That may be true, or it may not. Either way, it will make no particular difference to me.”
After that, Lestrade makes them wait outside in the rain for their taxi. Sherlock sulks at the screen of his mobile, his coat collar tugged up to his ears. Joanna watches the sky, and the grey weight of the clouds.
“Please. Sarah isn’t an idiot; she’s seen what our life is like, and she isn’t going to let your relationship advance any further than it already has: the sofa. No – as I’m sure you’ve realised by now, you’d have far better luck with a one-night stand. Something amiable and anonymous and emotionally undemanding – possibly with a woman, more likely with a man.” She opens her eyes to see him sweeping her body with a long, dispassionate look. “You’d want to be the dominant party in either case, and I doubt you’d hear any complaints. You may not be a conventionally beautiful woman, but your high level of sexual confidence and proficiency makes you an unusually stimulating partner.”
“Not much,” Sherlock says. He takes another step up. “You don’t have a martyr complex.”
The last root rips free and they stumble together out of the hollow, landing sprawled on the kitchen floor with a grunt. Joanna pushes him away and rolls onto her stomach, bracing herself on the broken tile. She gags hard – once, twice, three times – and then thick black sand spills from her open mouth onto the floor.
now, for no reason at all. It makes Joanna want to tread on her toes. “I had the most horrendous drive here. I forgot what a maze these streets can be.” She drops her coat into Joanna’s arms. “So what does the old bag want now?”
, reads the first that requires fresh-spilled human blood. Others ask for locks of hair, for grave soil, for flesh willing or unwillingly given. For the cuttings of fingernails and the bottled breath of sleep.
Adrienne drops the cigar box to the desk and steps in close, her heels giving her the advantage of height. Joanna has to look up slightly to meet her eyes, and she finds that the one thing more unsettling than the other woman’s indifference is the chilling depth of her undivided attention. “Magic is not a hobby, Joanna, and it is not a toy to be tossed aside once you’ve outgrown fairy stories and your fear of the dark. You made your mother’s mistakes, and now out of sheer bloody-minded stubbornness you’ve reduced yourself to this – a doctor who knows nothing about healing, and a broken soldier with a stolen gun.” She sneers. “You’re a liability, and if James Moriarty gets what he wants, it will be your fault.”
