One night, a week before Sherlock's eighth birthday, the brothers bumped into each other on the landing on clashing bathroom trips. There, at night, away from their fathers eyes, Sherlock was braver.
"Your shoulder," Sherlock waves a hand towards it. "It's a sporting injury, isn't it? Let's see - there's a tan up to your elbows but not on your upper arms, suggests you wear some kind of shirt with relatively short sleeves. Good physique, though it's starting to deplete. You're out of practise. An old injury, happened a few months ago. You've got lean legs, so it's something that involved a lot of running around... more upper body strength than is required for football. Rugby, then. You're small, narrow hips, broader chest. Means you're lighter, can move faster than most... ideal build for a half. I'm guessing you did yourself a mischief in the scrum?"
"Sherlock..." John begins, but the brunette cuts him off.
Of course, he's tried to bring it up again with his friend, but Sherlock isn't having any of it. He either tells John to shut up, because he's trying to think, or ignores the question completely and starts an extensive rant about an entirely different topic. Clearly, there's something being hidden, something Sherlock doesn't want John to know. He's determined to get to the bottom of it, but already he's realised that Sherlock Holmes is a stubborn git, if nothing else. If he doesn't want to tell John something, he's not going to, so the blond will have to be sneaky.
and his damn
"Wh-what are you confused about?" John asks.
"At least I can
"Why do you hate him so much?" John tries. Sherlock goes back to his newspaper, lifting it tactfully to hide his expression from John. "Sherlock, come on. You can't keep slagging the bloke off without telling me
and my
It was colder out tonight than John had initially realised; the sky had been clear when he left the house, and so he assumed the weather would be mild at best. He’s only wearing a jumper, no jacket on top. Without a word, Sherlock shrugs off his own coat and drapes it around John’s shoulders.
"Minger," he says.
"That includes you, by the way," Mycroft says. "Sherlock's mentally fragile, though he'll deny it, damn pride he has. I trust you John. You're a good person, I know. But I won't allow Sherlock to be hurt. Is that clear?"
"I wasn't..." Sherlock's about to say that what he said wasn't slander, it was the truth, but he knows there's no point. Despite the cuddles and the closeness, Mum's on Dad's side and Sherlock knows it. "Why does he hate me so much?"
"Got quite chatty with one bloke," he says, tactfully. Mum would have a fit of hysterics if she knew people had been unpleasant to her John.
do anything worthwhile, come to that? Look at your brother. He was already making waves at your age -
For a second, John is kicking himself - he thinks that Vic will be as touchy about the subject as Sherlock is. But to his surprise, Victor laughed.
"Trust me mate. Sherlock is," he says. "You know my mate Vic, don't you? Victor Trevor? Sciencey bloke, always wearing that leather jacket? He was like you once. Tried to be nice to old Sherly, tried to be his friend. Thought it was 'unfair' that people were 'unnecessarily cruel' to him. And you know what happened? Sherly tried to get in his pants, even after he'd made it obvious he wasn't interested. He's a sicko, John, trust me. You're better off away from him."
hand," John picks up his right arm and Sherlock winces.
"Quite right," he replies, and makes what is obviously an attempt at a smile back.
"Mm. Think I can accept that apology," John says as they start to walk away.
"Dad would go crazy if he found out," was Mycroft's only response, before he went off back to his bedroom and left Sherlock standing alone. The games and the stories had officially stopped, but Sherlock woke up on his birthday to find a box in his room, wrapped in shiny silver paper, containing all of his favourite toys from their old games, as well as a book of Captain Sherlock stories, all written out in Mycroft's neat printing.
"You've been staring at me for fifteen minutes and you haven't said a word," Sherlock pipes up, not even looking up from his notes. "Clearly something is bothering you. What is it?"
"Anything that's actually worthwhile?" his father asks. "Do you
"Jim," he forces out. "Just the man I'm looking for."
He's trying his damnedest not to get emotionally attached to John. John is going to leave him, that's a given. He's already getting pally with Phil and Seb, already hearing all of the rumours about Vic. At this point, it's only a matter of time before he also decides that he wants nothing to do with Sherlock and he moves on to his other friends, just like everyone else does. Getting attached would be silly, it would only make the inevitable all the more painful. Still, Sherlock likes John. He's clever enough that they bounce off each other well, and he makes Sherlock laugh more than anyone has since Vic. It's been a while since Sherlock had any proper friends, and he's desperately trying to cling onto the friendship for as long as he can.
"Don't be sorry," John says, his hand lingering on Sherlock's arm, perhaps for too long. "It's alright."
"Vic? Are you alright?" he asks.
"I heard voices," she says, her eyes flitting between them. "Where you two
"Nothing I haven't hear a thousand times before," he says, trying his damndest not to sigh. "I'm fine."
Sherlock stubs out his cigarette and goes back inside.
"You want some whiskey? Didn't bring any glasses, but then again I never remember you having an aversion to swigging from the bottle," Vic offers.
"Thanks," John grins, leaning back into Sherlock's hands. When the suds are rinsed completely from the blonde locks, Sherlock's hands come down over John's shoulders and his arms wrap around the smaller boy's torso. In return, John loops his own arms backwards around Sherlock's neck.
"You could still tell me stories," Sherlock had sniffed. "I can't make them up as well as you can."
looking. This car looks like it's had a number of previous owners who didn't treat it so well. There are tears in the seats, mended by duct-tape, and a fraying, faded rainbow-patchwork blanket on the back seat. There are several of those tree-shaped air fresheners hanging from the rear-view mirror and, most amusing to John, a hula dancer in a grass skirt swaying her hips on the dashboard.
"It's boring," Sherlock shrugs.
"Alright, I'm coming. Are you okay?" John's on his way down the stairs now. He's whispering, cautious of waking Harry or his parents. Sherlock doesn't answer, just hangs up the phone. John sighs and grumbles as he pockets his mobile. He fumbles in the dark for the hallway light switch and opens the door as quietly as he can. Sherlock steps in without a word, and John's grateful for that. He's paler than usual, though his cheeks are flushed. He'll insist it's from the cold, but his eyelashes are still damp and spikey, so John can tell that's not true. They go worldlessy into the front room, where Sherlock sits in the corner of the couch. He's staring at the ground, still snuffling a bit. John bites his lip, feeling awkward. He goes to switch on the light but Sherlock asks softly for him to leave it off.
Harry dashes inside as soon as Sherlock pulls the car up outside, itching to get started on some History project she's been set. John lingers a while longer.
"What's the matter, Sherly? Scared?" he says. "You should be."
since we left?"
"I've to pick up my sister from Cedarstreet on the way..." he says, and Sherlock makes a motion with his hand like he's brushing it aside.
"Sorry," John says, swallowing. He prises Sherlock's fingers open as carefully as he can and examines his hand, feeling for broken bones. He doesn't find any, though there's a lot of bruising and a little swelling. There's no break, but there's definitely a sprain, and it looks like a bad one. John looks up, meeting Sherlock's eye. "What happened?"
"You can talk to me, you daft prick," John says. Sherlock's face cracks into a genuine smile then.
"That's so fucking rude," he comments and Sherlock just shrugs again. He stops at the end of a corridor.
"I thought he was more interested in me than he was," he says, limply. "I misread signals. It was a misunderstanding."
"I have no problem with gay people," John informs Phil curtly. Phil holds up his hands defensively.
Sherlock doesn't even stop to tell his father that a few grams now and then doesn't make him a junkie. He goes silently up to his room, muttering every swear he can think of under his breath to get rid of some of the anger.
"I think I agree with you," John chuckles, and the two boys smile at each other across a table of books.
"Why don't you come to mine? It's closer than yours," he says. "And you can borrow a scarf and stuff so you don't catch hypothermia or something on the way home."
"I thought it was okay," John shifts uncomfortably.
Sherlock says nothing. Instead, he just places his hands on Victor's shoulders, and pushes him down onto his knees.
"Harry, shut up," John groans. "I'm not gay. And Sherlock isn't my boyfriend. We're just... we're just friends."
It's hot in the house, so John comes to cool off out in the back garden. It's quiet - the rainstorm that ended ten minutes ago had pushed everyone inside, and it doesn't look like many people have been brave enough to come back out yet. The only other person in Victor, sitting on a rusty old swingset and smoking. He smiles at John as soon as he steps out, waves him to sit on the next swing over.
up? What are you doing?"
"You don't always have to play the brooding loner you know," he says. "Heaven forbid I should wonder where my little brother is when he doesn't come home from school."
"I didn't," he says.
"Don't be so bitter, John. She won't tell," he says.
"I had a good doctor," Sherlock replies, beding to press a small kiss against John's temple. "Thanks for bandaging it for me, love. It'd never have gotten better if it wasn't for you."
It's enough to make Sherlock blush like a little girl.
"Easy there, boy," he tuts. "It ain't cheap, honey. Not even for you."
"Looks like it," Sherlock agrees.
"Freak!"
So, as much as he wants to, he doesn't say anything.
"Had plans with a mate, apparently," he say. "You look nice."
"Why?" John whispers.
"She doesn't
"Why? You haven't done anything," Sherlock starts to say, but he's cut off by John's lips attacking his own.
"Hiya," John replies.
"I've heard a lot of things," John sighs.
"So modest," he comments.
"Oh, miserable, sweetheart. Rained the whole time we were there. Didn't it, Richard?" she turns to the doorway, where Sherlock's father stands. He ignores her question. Instead he regards Sherlock coldly.
"Okay," Sherlock agrees, because anything is better than that same old thought that just won't go away.
John has rugby practise after school on Friday.
But he doesn't say a word as Sherlock changes into his pyjamas and hands John a tee-shirt to sleep in. He doesn't say anything as they slide under the covers together, or when Sherlock puts his arm around his waist. He waits until they've been lying for a while until he slips his fingers into the sleeves of Sherlock's pyjamas and sighs heavily.
"Bet you do your girlfriend's head in with all that, eh?" he says. Sherlock's grin falters.
This afternoon's different though. Sherlock links his arm through John's and steers him the wrong way when  they're heading home from school.
"I said I'm
"I know what you're going to say. But it's true. I am literally not the child he wanted," he says. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. He's never told anyone this before, though he himself hears it once a week at least. "They... they wanted a daughter. They already had a boy, their precious little Mycroft. They wanted a little girl to make their family perfect, make it complete. Mum had her 20 week scan and they said it was girl. Mum and Dad were over the moon, obviously. Got everything they ever wanted. But scans can be wrong. I got born and I was a boy and they were so disappointed. Mum cried, apparently. They didn't want me. If they'd known I was a boy they'd've had me aborted, Dad says. He resented me from the second I was born. Fobbed me off on nannies where they could, interacted with me as little as possible. He even told Mycroft he wasn't allowed to play with me, 'cause that'd give me ideas that someone actually wanted me here. He made damn sure I knew I wasn't wanted from day one. That's why I hate him."
"Goodnight, Sherlock," she replies, switching off the light and closing the door.
"Hello, John," Sherlock replies, apparently startled by the contact.
"I'm starting to understand the whole 'piss off' thing, you know," John says, but he's grinning. "How did you
"I don't know if I can afford-" Sherlock starts, but Jim shushes him.
"Alright, mate?" John adds.
"I'm only taking an interest in you," Mycroft raises an eyebrow without looking away from his newspaper.
"No, it isn't," Sherlock says. "It isn't alright at all, John. I'm so confused. So
"It doesn't upset me," Sherlock says flatly, and Victor tilts his head up with a hand under his chin.
"Don't you go telling me fibs, Sherlock Holmes," he says.
not a lie, at least.
across Sherlock's face. It was only a split second, but he looked sad and scared and angry and vulnerable all at once. John doesn't want to push him - not yet anyway - but at the same time he's dying to know what went on that's caused Sherlock to have so much disdain for a bloke he was obviously keen on once upon a time. Sherlock himself is talking at speed about taxonomic classification, obviously desperate to get the conversation as far as humanly possible away from Victor Trevor.
In the ten years that have passed since their games stopped, Mycroft and Sherlock have grown so far apart nobody would ever think they were brothers. Sherlock's grown to resent Mycroft, and he'll begrudgingly admit its mostly based on jealousy. He's tried his whole life to get his father's approval, to get some kind of affection, a smile or an 'I'm proud of you' or an 'I love you'. He's never got any of the those, despite his efforts, despite his work. And yet Mycroft gets them in ambundance, without having to put any effort into it at all. Sherlock's sure his father goes out of his way to say it to Mycroft when he's in the room, make Sherlock even more jealous than he was before. And it works.
he's practically begging for Sherlock to fall for him. But God damn it all, he won't let that happen again. What's the point of falling in love when he himself is so damn unloveable? What's the point of falling in love when you're only gonna get hurt in the long run?
"Where've you been?" Mycroft asks. It's dark but Sherlock can just about make out the mock-concerned look on his brother's face.
Sherlock stands in front of the full length mirror, running his fingers over the scars Phil's rings left that night. The worst ones are on his chest and his back, where for some reason Anderson had been intent on doing the worst damage. The scars aren't big,, but they run deep. Running his fingers over them, he can feel that they're raised and even now, they're red and angry looking. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and pulls out his phone. It's picked up within a couple of rings.
"Usually, yes," Sherlock agrees.
"This is nice," John comments quietly.
"Told you it was a good film," Sherlock whispers to John. They've shifted position since the start of the movie, so now John's head is resting on Sherlock's shoulder. If Sherlock turns his head he gets a mouth and nose full of silky pale gold and he doesn't totally hate it. Harry sits next to the sofa, cross-legged on the film, and watches the film avidly along with them.
"Piss off," Sherlock shrugs one shoulder, and the boy laughs. It's a nice sound. Warm and pleasant, like bells.
“I didn’t mean…” John begins, about to tell Sherlock off because now
"But they're all so
For the first time ever, John arrives before Sherlock the next morning.
"I don't know why you're friends with them," Sherlock scoffs.
Sherlock lights a cigarette when they're done, offers it to Vic, just like he used to in the old days.
"Be mad at your brother, if you want - though I can tell a mile off it's only jealousy. I'll acknowledge his flaws. He's only human. At least he isn't a junkie. You're pathetic, Sherlock."
"Liar," he says. "What's up?"
As if she feels his eyes burning on her, the girl turns around.
Each time, John's amazed at how truly scary Mycroft is; for someone so startlingly ordinary-looking, he's damn intimidating. Sherlock's never gone into the specifics of his brother's job, but John knows he's very important and very influential in the government. It shows in the way he walks and talks and acts. Speaking to him stirs up distinct memories from John's childhood of being a seven year old sitting in the headmaster's office.
It's cold.
"Shopping with Molly," John repeats.
"Very funny, dickhead," he replies.
Sherlock tries to stand after a couple of minutes. The first time his legs can't take it and he crumples to his hands and knees. He heaves a couple of laboured breaths, his ribs burning with pain each time. On his second try, with the aid of a nearby bench, he manages to get back to his feet. His legs scream in protest with every step, but he manages to stagger home and up the stairs to the bathroom. Seeing himself in the full length mirror on the back of the door is alarming and sickening. His face is streaked with rivulets of dried blood and his jeans and shirt are torn up and dirty. He can already see some bruises forming, and there are several places he's going to have scars from Phil's rings. His whole body screams with pain, and he strips down and sits in the bathtub while it fills. It's soothing, the warm water washing over him as it runs out of the tap, and he stays there for a long time before he actually starts to clean himself off. After he climbs out of the bath, he sits on the edge of the tub and has a good cry. Not because of the pain, although it's bad. But because of the thought that keeps replaying in his head, over and over...
"I did stop," Sherlock shrugs again. "Life with my dad and Mycroft became unbearable without it."
"You alright, mate?" he asks, gently, and Sherlock lets out a long sigh, closing his eyes. He shakes his head, and John shifts his weight from foot to foot. "Right. Sorry. Stupid question. Uh... d'you want a cup of tea?"
John and Sherlock have been friends for two years now, since Year Ten at secondary school. They'd been put together by their English teacher to work on a project and John, being reasonably confident and sociable, had invited Sherlock to his house that night to work on it. Sherlock accepted somewhat begrudgingly but later decided he liked John when the blond didn't punch him or tell him to piss off for his deductions. Instead John muttered words like "Amazing!" and "Fantastic!" and the pair have been practically inseperable ever since. Sherlock accepts that John has other friends - the rugby lads and Mike from his Geography class and Mary from French - but for the most part Sherlock can't stand them. They're stupid and boring, with the excpetion of Mary who makes him smile sometimes, and Sherlock generally gives them a wide berth. He has very few friends aside from John; he's fairly well-accquainted with the boy that he sits next to in Chemistry (Sherlock knows him only by his surname, Lestrade. His first name begins with G, but Sherlock can never remember it exactly). And there's Molly, who's friendship he really does value, even if he doesn't show it as much as he should. Despite their friendships outside of each other, they're widely known across the school as a double act. So much so that nobody can ever say one of their names without immediately adding the other. They may not have been friends for very long, but they're definitely best friends.
type of bullshit. Instead, Sherlock can abandon his homework, enjoy his own company and marathon reruns of The Jeremy Kyle Show. It's his secret guilty pleasure. It's fun to deduce the results of the lie detector or the DNA test before they're revealed, and it's nice to see people who aren't him being yelled at for a change. If Mycroft knew, Sherlock would never hear the end of it.
"Hi," he says. "It's John, isn't it?"
Sherlock's only seen her outside of school once. He couldn't even guess at where she lives. He realised a long, long time ago that people don't tend to like him. They think he's weird - a freak - and he's too blunt without meaning to be. He allowed himself to think, foolish though it was, that someone might actually tolerate him at the beginning of last year. Twelve months down the line and he realises that that isn't the case at all. Curses himself for getting so deep into it.
"Want a cig?" Victor offers, lighting another as soon as he stubs out his first.
A group of fourth-years pass by them, a gaggle of girls. They giggle as they get near, all of them nudging each other and stealing glances at the boy at his side and for a second John thinks they're swooning. Then one calls out to him
"Ooh, hey up, lads," Brad - a blond boy who John's never really been keen on - piped up. "He hesitated there. Who would've thought it, eh? Captain Johnny, got himself a little crush on Sherlock Holmes, of all people."
"Damn, honey, you weren't joking," he chuckles. "Go easy, won't you. You've got all night to have fun."
choosing, Mr Picky." He accompanies the words with a prod to Sherlock's arm, which is not at all well-received, but Sherlock grins after stepping back smartly.
"He likes me," Sherlock has to say it out loud, just so he can hear it . And that makes his smile even wider.
When his eyes flutter open, he sees tears glittering in John's.
"Great," Sherlock breathes, squeezing John's hand. That's encouragement enough for John, who gently pushes Sherlock down until he's lying flat on the bed. John goes to lie down beside him, but Sherlock pulls him down on top instead. They lie like that for a bit, Sherlock's hands resting on the small of John's back, John propping himself up on his forearms so he can smile down at the tall, slim boy underneath him. And God, he's never noticed before how truly gorgeous Sherlock is. His face is pratically angelic, framed by those soft black curls. And
Sherlock doesn't leave until late evening. John insists on walking him to the park, which is exactly halfway betwen their houses, thinking he can get a cheeky goodbye snog in. But of course, Harry clamours to come and when John says no, his mum tells him not to be so mean and she ends up tagging along for the walk. She skips ahead, obviously loving the blackmail she can carry out with the information she now has.
Sherlock isn't surprised to find the house empty when he gets home.
John's a little shocked. Sherlock complains about his father no end, sometimes angry, sometimes upset, sometimes in tears. He's called the man every name under the sun a thousand times and often expresses his desires to get out of that house as soon as possible. But never once has John heard Sherlock say he actually
of these posh parent types don't you?" she laughs. "What's he like, then? This Sherlock?"
"I know you are," he says. He passes the cig over, redresses quickly and begins to leave without saying goodbye. He's reached the door before Vic says anything else.
"So what makes it different this time?" John asks. Then something in his head clicks, and he smirks. "Oh my God!"
"I see you have one. Off you go then," he says, sharply.
"Was your dad really angry?" John asks. He knows this is a sensetive and uncomfortable topic, and not one Sherlock can usually talk about without breaking down. But this time he just shrugs one shoulder.
"I was at John's," Sherlock shrugs.
Nothing overtly cruel, but John gets a distinct feeling that these people don't want him there, that he doesn't belong amongst them. But he's not going to let it bother him. He worked his arse off to pass that scholarship exam, was the only person to get in on a scholarship this year. He deserves to be here, and as long as he knows it, it doesn't matter if the rest do.
"Maybe," the librarian says, slowly. He's worried, John can tell, though he's not entirely sure why. Surely it's no great tragedy if someone is a little later than usual, even when that someone is Sherlock bloody Holmes.
"Yeah?" he answers, sleepily. "This'd better be important, Sherlock."
His back is pressed against the wall, the damp, pebbly surface scratching his back through his jumper. From their place in the shadows, they can clearly see the orange-lit street, but can't be seen from anywhere beyond the mouth of the alleyway. They wait, both of them breathing heavily and nursing stitches in their sides, until they see Magnussen's cronies pass by the opening. They wait until their pounding footsteps have faded down the street and around the corner before Sherlock drops his hand away and they allow themselves to make any noise.
"Listen, I don't want to be a pain or anything but you're the only person who's name I know so far. Could I ask a favour?" John says. "I'm a bit lost. Chemistry Six, know where it is?"
"Sh! They'll hear you," he'd reprimanded, but Sherlock just pouted defiantly.
"Um. Hi, Sherlock," he says and, although reminiscent of a child who's just been severely told off, it's the least unpleasant way in which John's heard anyone speak to Sherlock since he came here.
He pulls into school just as the morning bell is ringing. He retrieves his bag from the boot and heads straight for the library without even bothering to check which lesson he's supposed to be at.
Sherlock arrives at his usual early hour, and John rolls up a while later. They spend the half-hour or so before lessons start and John actually goes to them chatting in the library, often accompanied by Lestrade and a cup of tea and, on occasion, a couple of ginger snaps from Lestrade's secret stash. John will bob up again at breaktime and find Sherlock again, often in exactly the position he was left in that morning. Sherlock will talk - about something he's learned or some piece of gossip he's deduced about their peers - and John will listen. Only at lunchtime can John occasionally convince Sherlock to leave his hidey-hole and come down to the canteen. John's beginning to see just why Sherlock is so slender - he has to be pestered into buying food and even then he doesn't eat much of it. John worried at first (and still does, a little) that the taller boy was suffering some kind of eating disorder, though he's been assured several times that he just 'forgets' to eat. John walks home, so he can collect his sister Harry en route, and so they part ways at the foot of the library staircase at the end of the day.
The latter, John is unwilling to accept. It's been almost three months, now, and he's positive Sherlock's not capable of...
Just in time, Sherlock catches himself and erases the last message with shaking fingers.
Suddenly, for no apparent  reason, his mind is pulled back to the previous Sunday.
Sherlock doesn't hear the rest of the sentence.
"Make it two and you have a deal," Harry raises one eyebrow.
"Sherlock Holmes," the ghost of grin threatens to make its way onto Sherlock's face.
"What did you say to them this time, anyway?" John asks, as they wait by the curb for a cab with its light on. Sherlock smirks.
"Ouch," Vic winces. "Still, sounds about right. I probably deserve it."
Sherlock gets on with John's parents much better than he gets on with his own. John's mum is short and blonde, like him, with the same kind smile and friendly manner. She's into affection in a big way and constantly smothers John and Harry in hugs. His dad is taller with mousey-brown hair and a moustache and glasses. He's not as big on hugging but he frequently gives John affection pats on the back and hair ruffles. They go down the pub together sometimes to watch the rugby and he calls John 'bud'. Sherlock likes them because they're
Sherlock remembers the first time they came here.
John sighs and is about to complain, but he remembers what he said about taking this at Sherlock's pace and smiles instead.
"Lord knows," he states, and she tuts but she's smiling.
"Yes," Sherlock replies.
"There. See. I'm not gay," John said, with a grateful smile at Ronnie.
"I'm sure if I wanted to 'get a man' I would be perfectly capable, thank you, Amelia," he swaps out the chemistry notes for the biology ones. "As it is, I'm perfectly content with my own company."
"You're right," Sherlock agrees, surprising John. "However I'm entirely unconcerned with whether or not he's going to cause a scene. I've told you already - the man is an almighty bastard and the less time I spend in his presence, the happier I'll be."
"Uh... yeah, if you don't mind," he says. Clearly it's not something Sherlock is comfortable talking about. But John saw the flash of
because he isn't. Just a good friend.
John's ringtone cuts through his sleep. With a groan, he rolls over and blinks at the glowing red digits on his alarm clock.
"But there's no way to do it without them suspecting something's happening," Sherlock says curtly. "I know."
John doesn't realise he's got tears in his eyes until one trickles down his cheek. He wipes it away furiously and sits up, sniffing. He looks across the room and notices that the picture of he and Sherlock is pinned directly across from it, where it can be seen straight away from the bed. That makes him smile a bit. It's not a particularly great photo; it's a little too bright so their faces are kind of washed-out and its sort of grainy but they're both grinning like loons and it's the only photograph John's seen of the curly-haired boy where he looks genuinely
Mum holds him for a long time, before turning to leave in silence. She's at the door when a thought strikes him.
"I'm not," Sherlock says, with a shrug. "Ask him if you don't believe me, I'm sure he'll have no trouble in telling you. Why don't we phone him right now in fact? I-"
Seconds later, there's the
"Thank you," Sherlock buries his head in John's neck to hide his blush and John laughs, stroking Sherlock's hair.
"Does he have to have done anything? He's a twat every time he breathes," Sherlock mutters, taking a drag. Realising John's still staring at him he sighs. "He found... stuff in my room. Told our parents."
"I'm great, thanks. And you?" Sherlock leans across the breakfast bar and smiles.
"Feet off the sofa, Sherlock, how many times have I told you?" Mycroft tuts.
He looks up to see a relatively short, narrow-hipped blond boy with dark eyes and a thick porridge-coloured jumper with the sleeves rolled well up smiling at him. He's new - Sherlock hasn't seen him milling the corridors with the throngs of arseholes he's forced to spend six hours a day, five days a week with. Besides which, if he wasn't new, he wouldn't speak to Sherlock. Nobody his age who's been at the school for any length of time does. Sherlock notes the way that the boy stretches his shoulder out and winces slightly as he waits for a response.
"Thank you," Sherlock pulls the little blond close, kissing the top of his head. "Thank you so much."
Its hours before anyone comes up to talk to him.
of all the films John owns.
"Of course," Mycroft smiles. "Goodbye John."
"Shut up, you idiot," Sherlock says and it doesn't sound cruel or pissed off. "You haven't offended me. The reason Mycroft and I don't get on is because he's so serious and miserable, and I'm an arsehole so I go out of my way to wind him up. It's through my choosing."
"Well," Mycroft says, eventually. "I have to say, I'm surprised at you, Sherlock."
"Not. A. Word," John hisses to her, and she laughs but disguises it as a coughing fit at the last minute. John takes a deep breath through his nose, not even wanting to think about what bribery this would take.
"Like I said. Misread signals," Sherlock lies. "Picked up on some wrong vibes, clearly. Won't happen again."
"It's Sally Donovan's birthday next weekend," John says.
Come to think of it, John does have vague memories of throwing the jumper at Sherlock when he had nothing else to wear to go home.
the hard way.
Sherlock's train of thought is interrupted by the front door banging. He's barely got time to get to his feet and brush himself down before his parents come into the room.
"Get in," Sherlock gestures at the passenger seat, and John hesitates.
"You must know, otherwise you wouldn't be so persistent. Why?" Sherlock wants to know.
"You spend a lot of time here?" it's a question, rather than a statement.
"I know you don't want to hear it Shez, and I know it doesn't make anything better," he says, quietly. "But I'm sorry. I really am."
"You shouldn't smoke so much, you know. It's not healthy," John says. "What's Mycroft done this time?"
"Odd name, that. Still, you hear way worse from
Sherlock honestly can't believe his luck. He's never had anything that resembles any form of proper relationship before, not even friends with benefits. For his first to be with someone like John - someone so kind and sweet and cheerful and friendly and damn gorgeous - well, that's a stroke of luck if ever Sherlock knew one. It's not ideal, the whole 'friends-with-benefits' situation. Not exactly what Sherlock wanted, but its better than nothing and he'll take all he can get on that front. He loves kissing already, despite his lack of experience. But he panicked when John tried for flesh-on-flesh contact. He's never been that intimate with anyone before. In fact, before kissing John, he's never been more intimate than cuddling or holding hands. John's had more than his fair share of experience; being as good-looking as he is, as well as a nice guy and captain of the rugby team, he's generally got girls (and guys, come to that) falling over each other for his attention, though he doesn't seem to notice.  John could have his pick of any of the girls and most of the guys at school. And he's picked
Why do you even still
They walk to John's maybe a little bit faster than usual and John goes for the first aid kit as soon as they get into the house. He's  good at these things. He wants to be a doctor, so he's researched. Plus, Harry does dance and gymnastics, so she often gets similar injuries. He's had a lot of practise. He straightens Sherlock's fingers out (which earns him a lot of protest) and wraps it in an elastic bandage. After he's pinned it in place he meets Sherlock's eyes.
"Fine, if you promise not to tell Mum and Dad. Just go, please," John rubs the space between his eyebrows and Harry looks satisfied, turning and heading back up the stairs. John waits until he hears her go along the landing and back to her bedroom. Then he turns back to Sherlock, and they smile awkwardly at each other.
"Are you alright?" Lestrade asks, and Sherlock gives a half-hearted, one-shouldered shrug.
"Alright," Sherlock says, though it's anything but.
Like Sherlock hasn't been called it, and worse, a thousand times over. He sounded... almost disappointed that Sherlock wasn't going to come into the class with him.
"I'm more persuasive," John smirks.
"Of course not," she says, before skipping off ahead up their road. John smiles. For all they argue, and for all he complains, he really does love his sister.
"Please?" John kisses the corner of Sherlock's mouth. Then along his jaw. Then down his neck. Each kiss is accompanied with a 'please'. When he reaches the spot where Sherlock's neck and shoulder join, the taller leans his head back against the tiles of the shower wall, closing his eyes and sighing blissfully.
"That's because you're an idiot," Sherlock states, and John's shocked at the bluntness of it. Sherlock sighs at his expression. "Don't be offended, most people are."
For a third, he and Victor don't have to hide.
"Sure," John gets his feet too, and follows Sherlock up to his bedroom.
He isn't wrong.
Sure enough, he doesn't yell or scream once. They take their time - fifteen minutes by Sherlock's count. He's really fighting the urge to cry and, with a sadistic laugh, Seb delivers one final kick to his ribcage and calls him a pathetic baby before all three of them run away. Vic's the last one to go, hesitating for just a moment as if he's going to say something, try to make what he just helped do better. But it's only a moment, and then he's gone, feet pounding the pavement in a half-run, half-drunken-stagger behind his friends. And Sherlock is alone.
He doesn't really seem to be sexually inclined either way; too wrapped up in books and his own ego to even think about being attracted to anybody else. John just can't imagine him so full of lust that he'd do something so very horrific. And yet, so many people
Like most Sundays, John had a rugby match. Home, this week, against a team from a school that is a twenty-minute bus ride away and has much better sporting facilities than theirs. But John was hopeful. They've got a good team this year, and the new kid, Phil Anderson was playing the for them for the first time and he's good. Really good. A little cocky off the pitch, really fancies himself as a ladies man, but an amazing player and on Sunday, that's all John cared about. Maybe, with him in tow, they could actually
He doesn't even leave his room for dinner, but that doesn't matter. He has strange eating patterns anyway, often going days without anything substantial. His body has learned to cope with it - not that that matters. His mind is the only thing that matters. The rest is just transport. That's why he so often forgets to sleep until he just crashes out. John's constantly on at him about that. He's got plans to be a doctor, so he's looking after his health and does his best to look after Sherlock's too. It's usually in vain, but Sherlock appreciates the gesture.
He wants to get to know this guy more, to see exactly how he
They fall into a routine quickly.
"Something you don't need to worry about," Sherlock assures John, with as comforting a grin as he can manage.
"Not even if I do this?" John says, leaning up and pressing his lips against Sherlock's. Sherlock chuckles and winds his arms properly around the smaller boy, deepening the kiss. Before John can properly get into it, Sherlock pulls away.
"Yes. No. Maybe. Go to bed," John mutters.
"Don't lie because you think it'll get your brother in trouble," his dad snarls.
"That's..." John says. "That's..."
John knows that's obvious, but it's the only thought he can manage. It's just so
"Wasn't expecting you so early," he remarks, stepping aside to let Sherlock in. Sherlock shrugs one shoulder.
They act the way a family should.
"What were you doing?" John asks, and for a second Sherlock freezes. Then he shrugs.
"For heaven's sake, Sherlock," that makes Mycroft put the paper down. "You'll get into trouble if you keep this up. I'm paying good money for you to go that school, the least you can do is turn up to your lessons."
"Charming as ever, Amelia," Sherlock quips, lightly. "Judging from the way you were practically just throwing yourself at Philip, I'm assuming Robert finally saw sense? I must congratulate him. I never thought he'd open his eyes."
"Right," Victor nods, picks up the chair, and half-runs back to his own table.
Suddenly, John's hand is grabbed and yanked so hard he feels as if his shoulder is being pulled out of its socket. He stumbles into an alleyway, and a hand he recognizes as Sherlock's falls over his mouth with a hurried
"Why?" John wrinkles his nose. He's only met Sherlock's parents once. His mother is one of those women who spends a fortune on makeup to hide her age and swishes her way through life with a sweep of a scarf and a jangle of bracelets and the flash of a credit card. She's very eccentric in a
"What if it'd been Mum coming home? Or Dad?" Mycroft asks. Sherlock stiffens at that.
"Had a lot on my mind, wanted to  see you," he says, nonchalantly.
you," John shifts uncomfortably, because he's not entirely sure how trueit is. "She just think you're a bit... she thinks you're..."
Sherlock finds comfort in the library.
"Yes, well, thank you for the rare concern about my health, but you're actually about three years too late for that," Sherlock shrugs.
"I don't need counselling," Sherlock spits it more abruptly than he means too.
"It's no problem," Sherlock shrugs. Then "You and your sister get along well?"
"It's just... well, I was talking to Phil Anderson after rugby practise on Saturday," John says. Sherlock is very still for a second, very quiet. Then he shrugs.
"I like you, John, you seem like a decent bloke," Phil says. "And because I like you, I'm gonna give you a bit of advice. Stay well away from Sherlock Holmes."
School is torture, especially because they take so many of the same classes. The fact that he can look at Vic all he likes but he can't touch him at all sends Sherlock nuts. Now, when they have the full week off and Sherlock's home alone they're free to spend all day every day together, so that's what they do and it's bliss. They started seeing each other by accident, when Sherlock was helping him with Chemistry in the library and one thing led to another. It was casual at first, a cheeky snog and a grope in the library when nobody can see them, a sneaky blowjob in Sherlock's car while he's dropping Vic off at home after school. Nothing serious. Friends-with-benefits, or so they call it. It's escalated from there to the closest damn thing to a full-blown relationship Sherlock's ever seen. But it all has to be done in secret. Neither one is out yet and, though Sherlock could care less if everyone at school knows, the prospect of people finding out his sexuality can and has driven Victor to tears on more than one occasion. His dad wouldn't get it, his mates wouldn't get it, he'd become an outcast. So it's all done on the hush-hush and, though it bothers Sherlock and they've had a few arguments about it, they're just happy to be with each other. They live for times like this, when they can be open and affectionate, sprawled across Sherlock's bed in a tangle of arms and legs and sweat-damp sheets.
"Not even if you do that," he says. John scowls at him.
confused."
"What happened between the two of you?" John asks. Vic just sighs heavily.
"Um... no," John says. He doesn't know why he hesitates; he and Sherlock have shared a bed plenty of times. Hell, they share a bed every time Sherlock stays at John's because there's no spare bed. Maybe it's because of the hand holding. Or maybe its because of the conversation they had before dinner. Either way, John feels strange about sharing a bed with Sherlock tongiht. Not uncomfortable. But... off.
be cold, but he’s amazed to see that the taller boy is wearing a green jumper.
"Thank you," Molly pats her newly-coiffed hair, a small self-conscious smile finding it's way onto her face. But not before a flash of disappointment. Sherlock was right - John isn't a total idiot. She's clearly gotten herself all prettied up in hopes that she'd catch Sherlock's eye tonight. Still, she goes out of her way to make conversation with John, and the two are quite companionable for most of the evening.
to tag along."
"I wanna stay here forever," Victor comments ducking his head to kiss Sherlock's curls, passing over their shared post-shag cigarette. Sherlock snuggles closer.
"Something's bothering you," Jim says it against Sherlock's lips, pulling away just slightly. He's clever - almost as clever as Sherlock is - and that's maybe one of the reasons they get on so well. It's not often either one finds an intellectual match.
"Goodnight, John. I'll see you tomorrow," he says, quietly, before turning and walking away.
scholarship!
John's mum is in the kitchen, making a cup of tea. She looks up when they enter the room, and then grins broadly.
In short, Victor Trevor is one in a million and Sherlock Holmes is absolutely, 100%, head-over-heels crazy for him.
"You've got nice hair," Sherlock compliments. "Very soft."
He doesn't even notice Lestrade standing there until the mug clinks down in front of him.
"That's my clever lad," Mum ruffles his hair. "And what about the other kids? Did you make any friends?"
"I told you, I saw it. Do try to keep up," Sherlock tuts.
you?"
He's confused, to say the least. Sherlock had pulled away from the kiss almost as quickly as he'd intiated it. John didn't have time to even register what was happening, let alone reciprocate. Immediately after, Sherlock had rolled over and switched off the bedside lamp, mumbling goodnight and seeming to fall asleep within seconds. John knew he was pretending at first - nobody, not even Sherlock bloody Holmes, can fall asleep that fast - but now he's slackened up and his breathing has slowed. He's definitely out cold now, and John wishes he could get the same way.
"No. Go away," Sherlock mumbles, rolling over so he's face down on the bed.
It's with that thought in mind that Sherlock takes out his phone and dials the only number he knows by heart.
He looks angelic in the dwindling sunlight. His tanned skin takes on a golden glow that is almost otherworldly, and his hair gleams like polished ebony. And his eyes. Oh, those eyes. They were the first thing Sherlock fell for, those big, doe eyes, so dark you almost can't tell iris from pupil. But they're warm with it too - he's only seventeen, and already he has permanent crinkles from smiling so many times. Cheery, bubbly, happy Vic. Everybody's mate. Always smiling. Except he isn't smiling now. Now he's watching Sherlock with an achingly pretty expression of frightened earnest.
"I know the things people say, John. But Sherlock isn't a bad person," he says, instead of answering the question. "He really isn't. He's just a bit... mixed up. Not his fault, poor sod, he's had a rough time of it with his family life. He doesn't know how to do emotions, never has. I know he hides it well but he's so...
"I just told you, I saw it," Sherlock's annoyed - he so hates repeating himself. "Feel free to take the chair."
"It's fine," Sherlock smiles. "There are other ways to keep warm besides than the boiler, you know."
Victor doesn't even kiss him goodbye.
"I'd've thrown things at your window 'til you woke up," is Sherlock's response, and John honestly wouldn't put it past him. "Hurry up. It's freezing."
"I don't have time for tidying. Tidying is boring," Sherlock shrugs. He looks around, then wrinkles his nose. "No room for the camp bed. You don't mind sharing, do you?"
"Can you let me in?" Sherlock's voice is dry and cracked, as if his throat is worn out. As if he's been crying.
There's a downside to being in the house by himself, though. He's left alone with his thoughts and, though most bad things are instantly deleted from the mind palace, some of them worm their way through when he has a rare and brief lapse in concentration. Within the past sixth months, Sherlock's become hyper-aware of how ostracised he is by his peers. It wouldn't usually bother him. He's never had friends, not really. Molly tags around with him sometimes, and sometimes he's grateful for her company. She's clever enough that she can hold at least a half-decent conversation, and she has a no-bullshit type of view on life, which Sherlock admires even if he doesn't admit it. But they're just at-school-acquaintances. They're not
"Same reason you did, I suppose," Vic says. They're both silent for several long moments. Then Vic sighs heavily. "Look, Shez, I'm-"
"Only me!" Harry's voice comes from the porch. They hear her kick of her shoes and she pads through into the front room.
"Oh," John repeats. There's a long silence between them while he gives Sherlock a long up and down look. Things are ticking away in his head. Bruises on his neck from an on and off boyfriend who just 'got a little bit too excited'. He isn't stupid. People have kinks, and maybe this is theirs. But why would Jim be a secret. John bites his lip.
It's more home to him than his house is. He's been an avid reader since he can remember, and surrounding himself with books is one of few technically legal ways he can find comfort. He'll read anything. Fiction. Non-fiction. Classics. Modern. Horror, thriller, sci-fi, fantasy, true crime, action, even the odd romance. Those, he reads because they remind him of his mum. For Dad, he reads books about sports, a subject that he has no interest in whatsoever. Sometimes, when he's down and can't get hold of any good stuff, he'll thumb his way through some tedious romance novel or the autobiography of some asinine football player until he can almost hear Mum or Dad reading it to him and he feels a little bit better again.
Mum brews up a pot of tea, even breaks out a couple of the white chocolate wafer biscuits she hides away for special occasions. Then she launches on her torrent of questions again, and John tries to answer them as fast as she's asking. Overall, a good first day. It was easier to get around than he thought, though he got a bit lost on the way to Chemistry. Teachers were, on the whole, firm but fair. The lessons were challenging, but nothing that John can't cope with.
"Why?" Sherlock asks.
"You know the way he is, darling. He's so protective of your brother, won't have him slandered," his mum cuddles him close. "Don't cry, my darling. It's okay."
"I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?" he says, and John shrugs.
"Hideous, isn't it?" he says. "Mycroft gave me free reign to buy whatever I wanted, expected me to go for some Italian monstrosity like he drives. It pissed him off
When Sherlock goes to grab another book from a shelf, a shadow is cast over John's Chemistry notes. He looks up to see a guy he vaguely knows from Biology class. He's conventionally handsome, all smooth olive skin and big brown eyes and springy black hair and strong jaw bone. He's generally got a gaggle of girls not far behind him and is friends with some of the guys John is on the rugby team with. His name is V-something, some typical posh person name that John can't quite recall. Vincent or Virgil or something.
"I don't care about him," he says, blowing out smoke rings. Then he pauses. "But it... it upsets Mum."
A firm, comforting hand comes down on Sherlock's shoulder and squeezes gently.
"Why?" John's nose wrinkles in confusion. He gets that not many people like Sherlock, but he assumes that's because he's a pompous, arrogant prick who goes out of his way to make people not like him. What difference does it make to Anderson if one person in the hundreds at school wants to spend time with Sherlock?
him. They're mates. Best mates. Fancying your best mate only makes things awkward. John
"You're not going to shut up until I say yes, are you?" Sherlock says.
Victor falls silent again, and Sherlock finally tuns to face him.
"Oh, cool! Titanic! Can I watch?" she says.
"Fuck. John, hand me your tape," he holds out his hand without looking up, and John passes the roll over, feeling mightily confused at the exchange he just witnessed.
"Examiner wasn't paying attention. His eldest son had just fell off the wagon with alcoholism again and he was at the end of his tether. Didn't really notice much and passed me because I stuck to the speed limit," Sherlock shrugs.
"Well, why don't you come to mine after school? I'm sure it's just a sprain, I can probably strap that up for you," John tells him, and Sherlock fixs him with such a devestating smile that he can't help adding "Mum and Dad are working late and Harry's at a friend's house after school. Maybe we could pick up where we left off last night?"
more interesting than listening to teachers drone on and on."
"I think 'amazing' was the word you used at break time," Sherlock grins and, despite the over-confidence and cocksure nature of it, John can't help grinning with him.
"You've just had your tongue down my throat and I'm a minger for touching your spit?" Sherlock raises one eyebrow, and John shoves him playfully.
"I did," Sherlock replies. "Have fun."
"Don't be so sarcastic," he growls. "Have you done
"Looked like you need it," the librarian clicks his tongue affectionately. "Have you been sleeping, Sherlock?"
"Yes, John, really," Sherlock says. "We're learning about Titanic in History class. It could benefit me."
?" John said. "There's no shame in liking her. She's nice. And she's really pretty."
John gets up to follow him but Mycroft catches his arm.
"You're mad, you are," John nudges Sherlock. "You'll be the death of me."
"Did you go to all your lessons today?" Mycroft's eyes still don't leave the paper.
He finds Mycroft standing at the end of the garden path, and he's smoking too. Ironic, really. Sherlock gets bitchslapped for bringing up Mycroft smoking, and yet here is, not fifty yards away from their father, with a cigarette hanging between his lips. Sherlock wonders what his parents would say if they saw it. Mum wouldn't care; she knows Mycroft smokes and, while she doesn't like it, she's never really protested it much. Dad would probably find a way to blame Sherlock for it.
that thing this morning?"
They look like they could cut through diamonds.
to look like he's doing some work, to avoid getting in trouble with the teacher. He also notices the way Sherlock's right hand is clenched into a fist, shaking slightly with the obvious effort of keeping it that way. "Sherlock. What happened to your hand?"
These feelings he's been having for John are weird, and Sherlock doesn't really know what to do about them. He's not very good at emotions and sentiment. So he did what he does best and researched it. Apparently he's supposed to test the feelings out, see if John feels the same. That's comfort. It makes it feel more... scientific. Like an experiment. The cuddling was a happy coincidence, something that's been happening more or less since they became friends, though Sherlock has been pressing closer and squeezing tighter recently, and John doesn't seem to have any qualms. He was startled by the hand-holding, Sherlock noticed almost straight away, but he didn't let go or even loosen his grip, though he wiggled his fingers. He also let Sherlock keep his jumper, which is a promising sign. The kiss was supposed to be Sherlock's biggest move, but he chickened out at the last minute. He was scared. He's never kissed anyone before John, so he wasn't really entirely sure what to expect, but the internet said that John should press his lips back against Sherlock's and melt into his arms and just relax into it. But he didn't. He tensed up under Sherlock's forearms and he didn't push his lips against Sherlock's. He did the opposite; his head jerked back ever so slightly and that was Sherlock's cue to pull away. He didn't talk about it afterwards. Just pretended it never happened. He thought John was mad at him, but he felt gentle, calloused fingers on his skin late in the night. It didn't make him any less unsure.
"Are you going to Mike Stamford's party tomorrow night?" he breaks the hour-long silence in which John has been doing his History essay, and Sherlock has been reading the obituaries for murders to get excited about.
being like Mycroft, thanks."
They talk, certainly. John talks about ordinary things; school and rugby and films and music, and Sherlock about Sherlock-y things, like murder and serial killers and chemisty and classical music. They watch Family Guy, which Sherlock hates, but it's better than TOWIE so he puts up with it. At some point, Sherlock goes into the kitchen and digs out a carton of Ben and Jerry's and two spoons. After all the Chinese food they don't really
"Oh, honey," he coos. "How about we break out some of the really good stuff, mm? Take your mind off it?"
believe it. He's known Sherlock for only a little over a month, and yet the two of them have become fast friends. He doesn't really
"Sorry," the taller boy mumbles. "I just... I...I'm not..."
Sherlock feels his face burning, slightly embarrassed by his own patheticness. He's even shy about the idea of cybersex, for God's sake. He knows John's well experienced in that front as well as the physical side of things. He believes that John is genuinely okay with taking it at Sherlock's pace, but he still feels like a disappointment when he can't do what John wants to. Still, it's early days. He's sure he'll be more confident soon enough.
"You're a dirty liar, Sherlock Holmes," he mock-scolds, and that's one of the things about him that's so brilliant. Nobody else can read Sherlock like he can, nobody else
"Mm," Sherlock nods. "Late night."
It takes them about half an hour to walk back to Sherlock's, by which time John is shivering and his teeth are chattering.
Sherlock takes a cab to Jim's alone on Saturday.
They lost the match.
It's only then that John notices they're still holding hands.
"You're confused?" Sherlock repeats, peering at John. "What are you confused about?"
John's mum's voice comes up the stairs, causing the two boys to pull apart. They're both flashed and breathing heavily, Sherlock's hair ruffled from John's tugging hands. John laughs at that and uses his fingers to flatten it down (or to the extent that Sherlock's hair
boy, off at private school! Clever thing. Come on I'll make you a cuppa and we'll talk about it, eh?"
"She always wins," John sighs, not wanting to admit it. They're at the park now, and Sherlock throws his cigarette stub on the ground, grinding it under his heel. He sighs heavily.
"Did he come with you?" she says, and John shakes his head.
"You'll want to keep it immobilised as much as possible," John advises. "Don't move your fingers if you can help it. Your wrist, either. And keep it as dry as possible as well. I'd recommend bathing rather than showering for a bit, so you can keep it out of the water. If it does get wet just give me a ring or come round and I can change the dressing for you. It should be okay to take off in a week or so, but even after that you'll have to rest it for a little while. What?" he notices Sherlock is staring at him with a strange expression written all over his face. John expects something sassy or snippy, but Sherlock smiles at him.
John lies awake and stares at the ceiling for a long time after Sherlock falls asleep.
With a shaky hand, Sherlock wipes the dampness away from his cheeks and closes the message thread.  John really isn't making it easy to not get emotionally attached. With his silly
"Come on, we'd best go down before she decides I've been murdered and calls the police," John gets up off the bed and goes down the stairs, Sherlock closely following behind.
"I'll make you a cup of tea," he says, and Sherlock scoffs. That's Lestrade-speak for
John's tempted to text back an indignant retort, but he doesn't want to further distract Sherlock from his driving. It's a few minutes before the door swings open and Sherlock sweeps in, in a swirl of blue scarf and grey coat. He seems perfectly fine at first, but when he gets closer John sees the way his hair is more than usually dishevelled and his eyes are framed by dark circles. He didn't sleep well last night, that much is obvious, and John frowns at him, concerned.
No, Sherlock decides. He isn't going to fall for John. Besides everything he's got Jim. Jim who is gorgeous and friendly and caring in his own way. Jim who can make the pain go away, rather than asking him to talk about it. Jim who's always up for a party, always up for a good time. So maybe Jim doesn't love him, and maybe he doesn't love Jim either. It's better that way, he tells himself. No stupid, pointless emotions to get in his way. With Jim, it's all cut and dry - they get high and they fuck and that's all it ever needs to be. He tells himself he doesn't miss pet names that aren't
"It is," Sherlock agrees, resting his chin on top of John's head. He lets his hands stroke over John's chest. "You really are lovely, you know."
"These are fingerprint bruises," he observes. "Did... did somebody
"Did you forget your coat?" he looks like he's fighting the urge to laugh, so John flips him off.
"You hate shopping," John reminds him.
"I don't believe it," John shakes his head. "You don't misread signals - and even if you did, you'd never admit to it."
Armed with an eight-pack of Fosters and a brave smile, he ascends the steps to the front door. In all honesty, he'd partially hoped that Sherlock would come just so he didn't have to go in alone. But it's evident the taller boy is well and truly in a sulk with him - he's not even replied to any texts since yesterday. John makes a mental note to pick up a box of Earl Grey and a packet of dark chocolate digestives to tempt Sherlock out of his mood on Monday.
They burst into peals of laughter, like it's the funniest thing any of them have ever heard. Sherlock bristles but keeps walking. John feels his nose crinkle in confusion.
Life happened.
There's quiet for a few minutes then she smiles.
those cheekbones. They're like a work of art, could've been carved from marble. He's got pretty eyes too, ice blue, with tiny flecks of green and brown here and there. They're fixed on John's lips now, and his own are subconciously pouting. John stares as long as he can take it, and then he dips down and lets their lips touch.
"Why, though?" Sherlock dropped his voice in volume. "Did I do something wrong?"
rough with one, and a small tear appears in the middle.
"I'm so glad you could make it," Mike booms, over the music. A pause. "Are you by yourself?"
"Cheers. You're not so bad yourself," John chuckles, blushing slightly. Sherlock starts to hum quietly, and John grins. He doesn't recognise the tune, but that doesn't surprise him. Sherlock's a talented violin player and, on the sly, composer. He's played a couple of his own for John and that honestly makes him feel more special than he's ever felt before. John's closes his eyes again and starts to sway in time with the music, making Sherlock do the same. His voice is lower and huskier than usual when he talks. "Writing something new?"
"I know," Vic's hands clutch desperately at the back of Sherlock's shirt - evidently the suddenness has thrown him off balance, and he appears to be struggling to stand unaided. "I deserve it. My god you're fucking
tell me that you're sorry. You don't get to do that to me."
"You can't tell Dad," he says. Mycroft doesn't reply. Sherlock swallows. "Mycroft, please."
Sherlock gladly staggers inside the dingy little house, collapses as soon as he's in the front room. It's got a threadbare sofa and a worn old armchair and is thankfully devoid of junkies passed out on the floor for tonight. Jim stands in the doorway, regards him for a couple of seconds before he walks over, cradles Sherlock's face, turns it this way and that to examine it. When Sherlock winces, he tuts.
"I didn't say that," Vic sighs. "I just... I've gotta go, Shez. Clear my head. I'll see you on Monday, honey, alright?"
"Oh, Sherlock," is all the blond can say. "I'm sorry."
me there? Surely there'll be tons of your other friends there."
"Well, you're not a complete idiot," still in that monotone. "Use your better judgement and decide what to believe."
As for John, he's almost surprised at the pang of disappointment he feels in the bottom of his gut. Sure, Sherlock is gorgeous and intelligent and makes him laugh his arse off when he's in the right mood, but John doesn't
Sherlock gets his phone out but his father knocks it out of his hand. Sherlock doesn't have time to protest it much before he's dealt a sharp slap so hard it jerks his head to the side and makes him stagger back a step. He stands rooted to the spot. The whole left side of his face burns and he wants to rub his cheek to soothe it, but refuses to give his father that kind of satisfaction. He doesn't lift his hand, doesn't move at all. He waits for his dad to make the next move, expecting another slap or a punch. What he does get is much, much more painful.
He makes up an excuse about having plans and needing to dash off. He'll make up for it by watching a Bond movie over the weekend, he promises. John seems happy enough with it - said he'd like walking to enjoy the rare British sunshine instead.
"Mm," John agrees. "I have much better conversations with you."
"I'm confused as to why you didn't let me do this last time," John whispers, leaning forwards until their lips touch.
"I've got just the thing. Be back in a second, honey," Jim winks at him and leaves the room. Sherlock hears him rummaging around somewhere else in the house. He returns a couple of minutes of later with a small baggy of white powder. He dangles it temptingly between his thumb and forefinger. "Got this just yesterday. Thought of you, actually. Peruvian. About as pure as it gets. This is good shit, honey."
anything," he says. "I'm stating it outright."
"Bye," John mumbles.
"You know what happened then," he says, his voice just a fraction quieter and a fraction softer and a fraction sadder than usual.
flatten - for the most part the curls are stubborn and spring straight back up again.) Sherlock smirks back and wipes John's lips, wet from a combination of their saliva, with his thumb. John grimaces.
"Are we gonna have fun?" Sherlock smiles, trying to be seductive. Truth be told, he couldn't care less about fooling around with Jim tonight. But he keeps thinking about how John has gone to this party, where Phil and Seb are. Where Vic is.
They were sceptical of him at first - quite apparently some of the boys have been on the team for years and there's something of a clique mentality. John was something new and they were unused to that. But after they saw how well he plays, they welcomed him into their group with open arms. The only one he's unsure of is Phil Anderson, the team captain. He's a little
"It was
"It's not good for you mate," he says, pathetically. Sherlock tuts.
"Vic, listen to me. Please," he begs. "Don't go, darling, please. I didn't mean it. Well, I did
John couldn't help but notice the dirty look the new kid shot Sherlock when he spotted him on the sidelines. He felt a little swell of anger at first, but he shrugged it off. He doubted Sherlock would even care; he's never gave much of a fuck if people at school like him or not. Anyway, he didn't suppose that Anderson knew much about Sherlock anyway, and Sherlock
"Don't be an idiot, John. I saw it," Sherlock tuts, as if it should've been obvious.
sexually attractive. He readily critisizes John's taste in women (though that's probably just so he can be a contrary prick) but has never stated any preference himself. Realizing they're all still staring at him for an answer John just shrugs. "I dunno. I mean... he's pretty much asexual as far as I know."
"Oh, I've done a number of things," Sherlock says, and he begins counting them off on his fingers. "Oh, let's see. I had a shower. I slept. Did the homework that's actually worth my time. Watched a film. Breathing, did a lot of breathing. Blinking, too. Oh, and-"
"'Getting?' What do you mean 'getting?' They've always been this way," Sherlock sounds bitter.
He seemed genuinely angry that the girl who passed them in the corridor called Sherlock
Until a very drunk Victor stumbles into the path in front of him.
"Don't you have any ambition in your life at all?" his father sighs, sounding exasperated. "Do you ever want to be even remotely successful? Or are you planning to spend your whole life as a failure and a disappointment?"
for years.
Trust one pretty little blond boy to try and change that.
"I'm going shopping with Molly," Sherlock says, as if it's completely normal. Which it
"Sherlock..." Mycroft begins.
Sherlock's smile just widens at that.
"So not enough, then," Lestrade says. "Listen, mate, I know I'm just your school librarian and all but if you need to talk..."
about me?" Sherlock says, bitterly. Mycroft sighs.
"Are you really going to make me spell it out for you?" he says, and when John just blinks at him in confusion he heaves an exasperated sigh. "Jim got a little bit too excited on Saturday night."
"To what do I owe the pleasure?" he asks, sarcastic as ever.
"Friends with benefits," Sherlock repeats. "Yeah. Yeah, okay. That sounds fun."
"Auf weidersein," Sherlock mutters under his breath, as she turns to stomp out of the room.
The second they realised Mycroft had entered  the room, John had pulled his top back on and fastened his jeans, mumbling apologies. Sherlock didn't. He folded his arms defiantly and refused to put his shirt on again. He's still refusing now, sitting next to John on the sofa. Mycroft is standing in front of them, half-full whiskey glass in hand, leaning against the mantlepiece. John half-expected to be read the riot act. But Mycroft is silent, as if he's contemplating what he's just seen. The quiet is worse than any lecture they could be given. Sherlock doesn't seem at all bothered on the surface; he's examining his fingernails as if he hasn't got a care in the world. But he won't look at John and he keeps biting his lip. He's just as nervous as John is.
John flashes her a look that says
"You shouldn't upset your dad so," she says, stroking his hair.
"Where are you?" John asks, with a sigh, as he swings his legs out of bed and hunts for a pair of pants to put on.
"Sherlock, what are you doing?" John says.
"Hi, Dad," Sherlock replies. "I'm great, thanks. And you?"
The outburst has frightened John, who is unused to seeing his new friend so animated and emotional. After a second, Sherlock regains his composure and picks his paper up again without a word. There's an uncomfortable, unsettling silence that stretches between them, one John is wholly unaccustomed to.
"I don't see what the bloody hell else it could be," he says. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
for most people, but Sherlock's not most people. And he hates shopping.
"Uh... yeah," the blond blinks. "That's... that's right, actually. Who told you all that?"
Over the course of the night, they don't talk about their pre-dinner conversation again.
John is staring at his now-exposed forearms. Sherlock looks too, and quickly pulls the sleeves down to his wrists again. It’s too late. John’s already seen. He strides over to Sherlock and rolls the sleeves up again. He strokes the pad of his thumb over the cuts, both old and fresh, and Sherlock shivers, his eyes fluttering shut.
"Yes, I think we've established that," Sherlock says. "Really, John, don't speak if you're going to be boring."
After the film has finished and Harry decides she'd better get on with her homework, the boys go up to John's room to listen to music. Sherlock perches on the end of the bed while John slots a CD into the player. John turns to face him, and cocks his head on one side. Sherlock isn't looking at him, he's staring straight down at the floor. He's jiggling his leg and is writhing his hands together in his lap. Ordinary gestures for most people, but Sherlock isn't most people, and John knows that.
believe it. And they've known Sherlock for a hell of a lot longer than he has. Maybe he's a dark side that John is yet to see.
John seems to like Sherlock. It's only been one day, but he already seems like... like he wants to be friends. And Sherlock Holmes doesn't have friends, never has.
Since Phil Anderson fed him the initial rumour that Saturday afternoon, more and more have trickled to him as he's become acquainted with more and more people. Some are fairly tame, almost kind in comparison to the rest. Sherlock just grabbed the wrong end of the stick, they say. Made a pass at Victor Trevor during a tutoring session - some kind of lewd, dodgy comment that wasn't well received. He got a bop in the nose for his efforts and Vic never spoke to him again. Others are more sickening; Victor made it apparent from the get-go that he wasn't interested, but Sherlock wouldn't hear of it. Wouldn't take no for an answer. Spoiled, selfish Sherlock Holmes was so used to getting what he wants that even when he couldn't, he took it anyway. Poor Vic was traumatised, skipped classes for a week because of it. Never pressed charges though; too scared of what might happen if he did.
Sorry for not updating in 23650 years, been busy AF hope y'all are still interested in reading this.
John's ready to whack him one with the pillow, but he pauses when Sherlock rolls over and pyjama top slips, revelaing his left shoulder and collar bone. There's a bruise there, about the size of an adult male hand, as if Sherlock's been grabbed and squeezed or (more likely, John thinks) shaken roughly. Whether it's from Sherlock's dad or Mycroft, John can't tell, but it makes any anger he feels towards Sherlock melt away.
