"It is related, yes, but mostly just a residual effect from what happened before the surgery," you rush to explain. "The new valve is fine, but of course it'll take a while to grow back in."
John crosses his arms. “But you do care about the truth.”
"You think it's funny, dangling a carrot just out of my reach like that? They won't even give me an estimate how long I have to languish in this hellhole."
John's heart sinks to his stomach.
…to explore the brotherly relationship between Mycroft and Sherlock:
; unsurprisingly, the UK is far from the only country affected by such issues. Here's also
”We need tea,” he says finally, and I’m relieved enough to feel drunk on something much heavier. ”I knew something was going on with you,” he says.
"Mum was diagnosed with ovarian cancer just after I'd started uni. Dad died a few years later from advanced liver failure, which was a long time coming."
He forces himself to fix his gaze in the middle distance instead of his notes. "I've been told I have constructed an admirable career in my chosen field, but my academic achievements are merely notes in the margin of why I am here today."
He had realised John had gone to bed but hadn't quite registered that John going to bed was connected to his wanting to play the violin in the sense that those things just might be incompatible. These things just don't connect because he's got enough to deal with in managing his thinking; adding the deciphering of John's thoughts and actions and deducing his plans and extrapolating the consequences is just…
John wouldn't mind walking if it weren't for his bag. Sherlock hails them a cab, and the drive is spent mostly in silence. John doesn't know the city; as the taxi drives eastwards on the High Street, his eye is caught by the mix of ground-floor retail shops, interspersed with the architecture of the university's various colleges.
He can now see the effects of a very quickly consumed pour of the California Zinfandel on Sherlock's face. His eyes are slightly unfocused, his cheeks flushed.
"Hand on heart, John: would he have been happy doing something else that surgery? Easy choices are often not the best choices in giving us fulfilment."
"A system must exist to protect patients from medical malpractice and bad behaviour in healthcare, but the current one leaves a lot to be desired."
"Christ," John mutters and drops back down onto the bed, dragging the duvet back on. "Get me something first, ibuprofen or whatever you can find."
"Sherlock?" Violet asks and turns on the lights.
, but make two mistakes within a short period of time, and the person's fitness for surgical work might be seriously questioned.
“I could have told you that,” John comments tiredly. “Are you done, so that we could get on with things?”
"No, he fucking isn't in my books, not until you explain the whole thing to me. Did he ask you not to tell me?"
. Why would someone with a military posture and over-sensitised alertness live here?
He grabs his phone from the coffee table, types up a text.
The room doors slide open and a woman roughly your age — who turns out to be the cardiothoracic anaesthetist on call — pushes in a large ultrasound machine.
And that is why Sherlock now grabs his phone, hands clammy with cold sweat and dials a number not programmed into his phone but which he had memorised earlier that day.
"You don't often approach him with such matters, do you?"
Once alone in the bedroom, Sherlock had wondered if Victor ever took to bed any of the other people he got assigned to protect, and then hated himself for wanting to feel special, somehow. For wanting to be looked at the way Victor had looked at him earlier that night — as though every inch of him held some barely concealed fascination.
He can't help but wonder if he can ever be truly equal with his partner, or if the standards will always be different for him because of who and what he is.
"In the sense that I think John would be the likeliest to leave, no. He seems to want to stay. That's on him."
The next morning, he goes through his neglected email box and accepts a case in Gillingham. He takes it because he wants to see if leaving London might ease the weight off his shoulders. It turns out to be a simplistic affair solved in a matter of hours: a swindled family fortune involving a fake will. He should have known better; the unfamiliar Kent surroundings do nothing but worsen his sense of alienation from his own life. He's had a taste of a different existence, now — one in which there is real companionship, someone whose arrival he looks forward to every day.
"I don't know about
"Let me worry about that," John says smugly, having released Sherlock's now tightly throbbing length. "If testing this out on my fingers didn't hurt…"
lots of emotions going on, but the individual is not connected to them or able to name or express them, which complicates matters further and may trick those around them into underestimating their distress. In its extreme form, such detachment can turn into dissociation. Feelings of depersonalisation and derealisation are very common in acute trauma even in neurotypical patients, and Sherlock has a tendency to dissociate under heavy stress, so I think we are likely to witness something similar."
"I just told you, I
"I didn't expect it to be so difficult to settle into a quieter routine now that the new research unit is up and running. Transitions are hard for me from something that motivates me to routine everyday life. Pichler thinks the stresses of having to deal with interpersonal things at work in the past year exhausted me, but that exhaustion had no outlet until things calmed down."
But Violet cannot stop now. She didn't have the words for this then, and the years in between haven't helped; unless she says it now, she fears the silence will take over again and she'll have lost her momentum. "George was gone because of work for so much of the time and Sherlock was being so troublesome; we hadn't found the right therapists, I was still trying to work, and all the diagnoses he'd had up to that point hadn't been very helpful. There was no plan," she insists; "nobody could tell us what would happen when he began school, if he'd grow out of some of it, though we knew, of course, that was always unlikely or impossible. It was simply the wrong time. I doubt he would have coped well having to share my attention when he seemed to both reject it and need it so much all the time.
Holmes' brows knit together. Then, he draws a sharp breath before his eyes go wide with an epiphany. "
― William Shakespeare,
That last time he'd used was also the last time he'd let someone follow him home. Rob, 35, City banker. As sometimes happened, Sherlock had judged his suitor wrong because he can't really read people. He'd expected gentleness in bed to follow the sweet-talk at the club, but what transpired was the opposite. Rob fucked like he worked — to gain the most in the least amount of time. What Sherlock had longed for that night was to be held, not to be held down after too little foreplay and with even less lubricant in play.
The psychiatrist answers on the third ring. John's number must be programmed into her phone since she doesn't seem surprised that it's him.
"Doesn't exactly help that people here just assume I'm just going to accept it all and agree to whatever torture they want to inflict."
Sherlock breathes out, heart now pounding against his ribcage as though it were a prison cell door.
It was the results of the Coroner's Inquest, ruling Sylvie's death as natural, that had prompted Mr Fairholme to first down some fortifying whisky, and then grab a firearm. He'd decided that a surgeon must have condemned his wife to death even though a surgeon had not caused the devastating bleed that had landed her on the floor to lie helplessly waiting for him to return home long enough for her brain to run out of space within the skull. In Roger Fairholme's world, there had to be someone to blame, and it couldn't be him. Every opinion to the contrary was just a sign of a conspiracy, an omerta among doctors to conceal the mistake made by one of their own.
. His mind drains of anxiety, his raw nerves feel as though they’ve been wrapped in cotton, and he can almost hear his receptors singing an ode of pleasure. It feels like being reunited with an old love, like sunshine crawling into his veins and lighting him up from the inside.
"The effect of the antacids I've tried run out at night."
"He thinks that the ways in which he's different will always matter more than any of his skills or his intelligence or personality. Sorry, I jumped right back to Sherlock."
"But isn't that what you're trying to get me to
"You don't have to make excuses for him," John points out. "I'm not angry."
"Why? Where?"
"No, no, no," John scrambles. Of course he wants to talk to Sherlock, wants to see him even if just via Skype, but he doesn't want to be so selfish as to intrude on Sherlock's much-needed rest just to alleviate his guilt. "Tell him to call me later if he's not too tired. Anytime. I'll re-book my flight to next Friday. Tell him…" he almost aborts the rest of the sentence because it's not very like him to say such things out loud — especially not when they'd need to be conveyed to their recipient by Mycroft. On the other hand, if there's one thing John has learned from years of marriage and some quality therapy, it's that awkward things do need to be said sometimes. Especially to Sherlock, who cannot deduce them. John doesn't want to put them in a text message right now; it would be too bland and impersonal. He wants someone to say these words to Sherlock no matter how awkward they might be because that apprehension means that those things are scary enough to be very important.
The door slams open again and John, standing silhouetted in the dirty, yellow light from the old bulb in the hallway, says nothing. He just stares in disbelief.
"Don't… know," he answers and finally seems to be able to draw a calmer breath. He closes his eyes momentarily and leans against the backrest. "On the… stairs, yes. Haven't been… sleeping well."
CPAP = continuous positive airway pressure
"Do it," Sherlock commands, "or I will."
"That thing sticks," Sherlock complains. "Can't you take it out?"
It doesn't work.
“I needed––" He puts his fork down, twists his fingers into the linen napkin on his knees.
"No reason to drink dishwater though one is in clinic," Mycroft explains primly and arranges everything onto a side table, "and Mrs Hudson can hardly be expected to wait on him hand and foot in here."
"You certainly aren't," John mutters, and puts away his pad. He then shifts his gaze from Sherlock to his brother and back. "Would you prefer for your brother to step out while I examine you?"
"Is he up yet?" Joanna asks.
Sherlock's explanation for this was that since the allegations leading to the investigation did not in any way question his medical knowledge or surgical skills, he considered these parts punitive rather than investigative. John had tried to argue him on this, saying that while he agreed on principle, refusing parts of the mandatory assessment would not look good. But, Sherlock had been adamant. He told John and Vandersteen that he was going to call the shots in how to fight for his career.
Whether they’d be like John’s.
There is also a small thermos in the delivery:
Sherlock's eyes go wide at that last mention. "I don't have it. They took it off me at Heathrow!"
"He's grown closer to George again, of which I am, of course, very glad. It's me he has decided to vilify. When an idea takes hold in his head, it is very hard to change it. Perhaps there is no reaching that boy."
It feels good for Violet to hear that the psychiatrist thinks Sherlock has made a conscious choice not to push her away. But how long must she wait for him to take some more steps forward? "He's like a skittish colt, ready to abandon his efforts at the slightest hitch. But if it's what he needs–– If you really think there is nothing that could be gained… that nothing good would come out of Sherlock knowing about her, so be it."
The fifth floor visitor lobby is where John has now been sitting for nearly two hours, and he is awfully tempted to start ripping the worn magazines offered as a pastime to shreds out of worry and frustration. He knows Sherlock is fine, but he can't be
He takes a deep breath. A few audience members who looked disinterested before have now perked up. The headline he'd chosen for this talk does not reveal much of his contents, and that had been deliberate.
"You got a ketchup stain on the blue one the last time," Sherlock accuses indignantly while putting his jacket back on. It's yet another sign that he's frizzled and overstressed and exhausted that he doesn't button his shirt back up.
Is John staying here?
"Bedside kit's positive for StrepA," the nurse tells them, holding the testing kit stick.
"He responds to information, science, data, rationality, reason. I give him things to read or read them out loud to him to demonstrate what kinds of things people like him have experienced. I then ask him if he thinks those descriptions are accurate in any way. He needs to be able to distance himself safely from issues that upset him and things he's been taught to conceal all his life. Only when that protective distance is in place is he able to discuss and analyse such things without becoming too anxious."
"Are you on any medications for it?"
Leah smiles without a whit of scepticism. "That's good. Anything else I should know before I meet him properly?"
This turns out not to be true. Maybe he's out of the country or maybe he's attended to Sherlock's A&E visits enough times to have developed some kind of sixth sense about when things are serious and when there's but a scratch. Then again, if this isn't serious, then you will have to reconsider seriously your belief in your professional skills.
Greg purses his lips. "You know I had no say in this."
The pudding list turns out to be a disappointment since the chocolate souffle is only available as a part of a chef's signature dishes menu. When the waiter appears and Sherlock prepares to just order a triple espresso, Mycroft takes charge and informs the waiter that if the souffle what his brother wants, then he'll pay the full menu price for just that dessert if the restaurant cannot be flexible enough to sell it separately. Sherlock, while picking at a hangnail, wonders if the tone Mycroft had used with the waiter is the same one with which he orders drone strikes.
"One of the snapped chordae had an enlarged, fragmented end with calcified and necrotic debris adjacent to the tip; I have to say, I'm surprised it held as long as it did. His records don't show any sign of such long-term damage; it must have developed gradually as the areas affected by the bacteria healed through scarring."
"Such as?"
, he reminds himself, but his belief is being diluted by a sense of desolation the likes of which he cannot remember experiencing in London. The darkness here, approaching fast, must be impenetrable without starlight. He hopes his torch has batteries.
"If he doesn't get in touch or stop playing Shostakovich in two weeks, call me," Joanna Picher says before opening her umbrella and walking out into the rain, sidestepping with the spry skill of a mountain lion the reporters trying to block her way.
"Reports are wrong all the time."
Sherlock goes to the table but doesn't take a seat. He grabs the fork, pokes at a piece of salmon to break it apart. "It's a bit overcooked. With
, but Sherlock doesn't want to make a premature assumption of being past this dark period before a few months have passed. The topic of medication has not been brought up again, to his relief, and he hopes revisiting that topic will not be necessary.
"He has kept us informed so far when he needs more medication, and the next dose has been left by his bed; I believe he's set an alarm for it just as Mister Collings recommended. I’m afraid I must go now; another patient has used their call button. Have a good night, Mister Holmes."
When the cardiothoracic anaesthetist introduces himself and says it’s time, Sherlock’s hand finds yours on the bed rail and clasps it tightly. You slip your fingers between his. After waking up, he’s been withdrawn, so focused on breathing that it had made him hypersensitive to touch to the point of flinching. Now, he’s looking for a lifeline in the face of the unknown.
"You never asked me if this was acceptable, to become some… some…" he shakes his head.
"And you think a significant arrhythmia when I was promised a prompt, uneventful recovery is not enough?"
"I predict there will be multiple attempts at termination of the hero by various antagonists, which he miraculously survives."
[sent at 14:59] You're right. Edgar should be much better equipped to attend to his needs than I am.
"Being a part of a second minority probably makes it even less likely for someone on the spectrum to form a romantic relationship. Difficulties in expressing emotions and recognising them in others do not put one at the top end of the dating market, and the assumption often is that autistic individuals do not even possess emotions, since their interests seem to centre on concrete things. In an NHS study, the prevalence of ASD among single and widowed, separated or divorced individuals was much higher than the prevalence among married or cohabitating individuals, where that number was 0,5%. In another study, 33% of ASD individuals were married or cohabiting, as compared to 61% of neurotypical people. But, I will now stop reinforcing your cinema-origin stereotypes of people on the Spectrum as being preoccupied with numbers."
"How long did it take you, then, to solve those things?" you ask, wondering why Sherlock is already looking a bit like the cat that ate the canary. He must be able to read something in Mycroft's typically snide expression that you can't.
' quickly so that you can focus on John?"
He takes a moment before prying his eyes open. Sherlock has thrown himself onto his back, now, reaching to the bedside cabinet for some tissues. He gracefully cleans his fingers, then gives John a wad of them. The look on his face is patient, yet also slightly smug as he waits for John to make himself decent again.
"John.
"Fuck."
John purses his lips. Will Holmes adhere to his care instructions, or is he now too sceptical about John's skills to comply? John has just used his considerable expertise and expensive equipment to assess the injury based on analysing MRI images and devised a personalised treatment plan. It's hardly something a layperson could have done even if they're as clever as Holmes seems to be. "If you'd like to get another opinion, I could contact one of my––"
"Indeed. But the standards by which Sherlock's work will be assessed are, thankfully, not set by the media or the Great British Public. I must say, though, that there seems to be an element of public pressure at play in that Interim Order decision," Mycroft comments.
"Meanwhile, they'll continue making Sherlock look bad," John scoffs. "What the fuck happened to 'innocent until proven guilty', hm?"
…psychopath Holmes siblings:
John struggles to contain his flaring temper. He's trying hard right now —
Sherlock leans against the back cushions and gives John a wary glance. "You think I have the energy to see
___________
His bladder chases Sherlock out of bed in the ghost hours of the night. His survey of the house had not revealed a bathroom earlier, and another sweep with his torch ascertains that there isn't even a toilet indoors. Sherlock is thus forced to grit his teeth and endure what has turned into a howling gale outside. He relieves himself in the bushes, realising that the small building barely visible in a copse must be an outhouse. He wouldn't have even noticed it if its open door hadn't been banging against a tree in a disturbing rhythmic accompaniment to the pounding of his heart. He hasn't used in weeks, but the erratic heartbeat and anxiety still linger.
You tell Lestrade when he texts that it's fine to pop by; you hope that a bit of shop talk would rouse Sherlock out of his reverie. You fuss a bit before the DI shows up, offer Sherlock his own dressing gown delivered from home by Mycroft since appearances seem to matter still and he hates the fabrics and the colours of the hospital clothes. You ask if he wants help with his hair, and the inquiry doesn't even receive a reply. He just… exists, and you feel increasingly embarrassed to be buzzing about him like some fly trying to find its way back outside.
He's just so tired. He's tired of thinking, tired of trying not to think. Tired of being too much and not enough at the same time.
"I don't care," John declares. He does, but not as much as he cares about trying to cheer his companion up. His lover. His person. His Drifting partner. One day in the future, his husband. In effect,
"Not anymore," Sherlock says, and steps closer.
, John thinks. "How… how were they?"
"All she can do is listen, yes, but you need to talk," John says. "You need people in your corner right now."
"Normal for who?" Sherlock mutters.
This brings on a sudden wave of nausea which must be plain on Sherlock's face because John then asks if he needs to lie down.
. Don't you dare say there was no explanation or logic or reason––"
medical mistakes are preventable? No. Do I think every trainee needs to make mistakes and learn from them? Not as such. It is the duty of their seniors to help them prevent as many mishaps as possible."
"That won't be necessary. Give me the cast."
There are more whisky bottles in the sitting room, but these serve a purpose: John has stuck candles into them.
"Not all of them. Some of their subtypes are more about the end result than the process."
He has been noticed. "Morning!"
Sherlock huffs as the calls is disconnected. He most certainly won’t be having anything resembling even a bearable one at this rate. He leaves the bed, curling his toes on the cold floor. In the sitting room, he opens the window and sticks his head out to shock his system into proper wakefulness.
John glances at his phone because it still isn't ringing. They are both carrying their unit's consultation phone which are used as the call taker's number outside office hours. John is glad that King's, unlike many UK hospitals, has made away with pagers.
turned. It has turned
it, John, I bought some, but I
Sherlock shrugs. It's just a tiny jerk of his shoulders, not unlike a small animal starting to curl into a defensive ball. "Thursday, by your definition."
Discouraged and angry, though he doesn't quite know who the irritation is directed at, Sherlock leaves. He hopes he hasn't betrayed just how much the visit has unsettled him. Probably not, since John is focusing on his own pain at the moment.
The sounds are so different from the familiar lullaby of London car traffic. He can hear the house creaking as the old wood lives as the temperature dips. Wind howls in the corners and a lonely seagull calls out somewhere in the distance. Something, possibly a mouse, is making scratchy noises in the other room.
And that's why you're not even angry when you learn the reason why he acts so weird on a Wednesday evening. His eyes are bloodshot, he's dizzy and slow, he talks very little and what comes out is a bit slurred. What really clues you in that something is wrong that he devours the bag of old, stale chips which has been sitting in a kitchen cabinet for at least a year. It's even a flavour he's declared he hates.
"Thank you, really, since you're the one bearing the brunt of this. How are
Standing in the middle of the sitting room, Sherlock's shoulders hunch down. He drops onto the worn leather sofa and buries his face in his palms just as the racking sobs of loss, confusion, resolved stress and exhaustion emerge from where they had lain dormant. He weeps until his head is pounding and his eyelids prickle with salt that tastes so much blander than the flavour of Westray’s briny sea breeze on John's lips.
"I think you had a nightmare," you suggest feebly, concern twisting ropes around your chest.
"Disturbing?" you suggest.
Mr Holmes." There is more than just an undertone of snideness in the declaration.
Still, you'd do anything to make things better for him, including indulging his self-denial if it gets him a nice, relaxing shower.
"You can't know what the outcome is," he points out.
, you remind yourself.
"Excuse me?" John is pouring himself a glass of water.
"I'm sure you will. He's hard to ignore if he's around."
," John protests. "Every doctor has a learning curve when it comes to bedside manner. Some physician's curves are… slower than others. These days, Doctor Holmes gets no more complaints about such things than any other neurosurgeon at King's." This is not a circumspect statement or guesswork; Lestrade had told them as much.
Once he's out of earshot, John asks, "Why do you think I saw Pichler?" He knows he's busted, but he'd like to know how.
"If you wanted a third child, it's perfectly alright and normal to grieve for the loss of that possibility, whatever the reason why she never came to be."
"Sir, you'll have to speak to Tactical Command."
," Sherlock had replied.
A chronicle of Sherlock's life, from his lonely childhood through his troubled early adulthood to the year that changed everything between him and John. Early into their shared life, a serious illness leads to Sherlock's complete dependence on others for his survival and unearths old demons.
"Good, good," you tell him. Not that it means much beyond him not bleeding profusely into his trachea. It doesn't mean this isn't dead serious.
Violet feels a sudden urge to leave. "Yes?" she asks, aware of the sudden cold draft in her tone.
What you can offer him is
"You can't get hung up on this," Lestrade chastises, taking a seat on the corner of his desk. "The only way to avoid mistakes is to not operate at all. You're making it worse than it is by fuming at everything and everyone when what you are is pissed off at you."
"Hypersensitivity brought on by opioid use has been shown to fix itself after a few months of abstinence," the anaesthetist replies.
"I'm glad the same fate has not befallen your sense of humour," Mycroft comments. He has the sense not to stay for too long; it seems to lead to arguments.
Doctor Pichler nods. "Quite a common operation in your age group, yes."
. Who are you, Mister Holmes?"
"Over my dead body."
Sherlock is startled and nearly drops the phone when there's an incoming video call from John. He holds the phone up and presses the green receiver.
"A version of yourself, yes, but not a very… healthy version. Like I said, you're quiet, but not in your usual distracted way. Polite, even, which makes me want to take your temperature. You've stopped telling me about work plans in the mornings. I get a sense that you’re sort of stuck on something, and I think it has to do with that case Greg was called in to help you with. You've made mistakes before, haven't you? Greg did tell you that there won't be any consequences or inquiries about it, that the Trust decided to drop the matter?"
But none of that is happening right now. Instead, Sherlock is staring into the face of the obvious, and refusing to accept it.
"They only let in the replacement team."
. "I know why it's a matter of life and… as good as being dead inside." You don't mince your words around him. You respect him too much to resort to empty platitudes.
, Slack informs Sherlock.
"Yeah, sure. I often wish I could have done more."
Or does it? Even in death, Victor has a wife. She is the one whose feelings got acknowledged, whose grief was allowed to be public.
"John is
"Must've been quite the adventure," John jokes as he cleans the minor wound created by Sherlock's head hitting the sharp corner of the bedside cabinet. "Who were you trying to wrestle besides the duvet?"
argument return. They'd argued before, of course, the sort of bickering every couple perpetrates. And, there had been the time after he died and then after Mary died when John wouldn't speak to him.
making mistakes."
"But what are you doing? What are
"Will you be going back to the hospital today?" Mrs Hudson asks, and something in her tone signals that there is only one right answer.
By the time it gets dark, it's at least warm inside, and the glow from the fireplace paints the interior in a warm yellow light that makes the shadows in the corner retreat just so. The bedroom cupboard contains a woollen cardigan in a sliding colour that reminds Sherlock of green volcanic glass. Such coarse wool scratches, but he cannot afford to decline the warmth it provides.
"You know how things were back then. They blamed us mothers. There were no support groups or therapists for anyone but the children."
"Hey?" you ask Sherlock, who's still trying to squirm.
"There
"It's not dysfunctional, John; it's just wholly uninterested in you."
dyspnoea = difficulty breathing, feeling short of breath
The heart rate which had climbed slightly calms down, and Sherlock is still again.
You now notice Mycroft carrying a laptop and no other bags. He notices your eyes roving his form and lifts the computer. "The rest of my things have been delivered home. This is for you and, by extension, me."
___________
"They go to Papa Westray or mainland, just like they do outside surgery hours, anyway. The locals are used to not having the same access to all services that one might have in London."
"As I have mentioned, I have a therapist."
A few steps on, John asks, “Who was that?”
It's understandable, but useless in terms of what you need. What Sherlock needs.
"Good morning, Mister Holmes. I'd be curious to hear the answer, too," the morning shift nurse, Emma, has appeared by the bed.
flitting = to move house
"You needed an MRI to tell you that?"
On his features you see a shadow of the smirks he reserves just for you, but it's something. It's a start. He's not cast adrift, but there is someone on the shore, holding the rope just so that he can be pulled back to safety.
"Depends," Andrew says. "Can't send him to the ward in delirium."
You feel whiplashed by how affected he is by that accusation. "Doesn't feel like it when I'm being called an idiot."
John is exhausted by family life and Sherlock is feeling neglected. An abysmal spur-of-the-moment decision leads to a brutal confrontation which might just be the endgame of a relationship.
Sherlock is a bewildered live wire in the car. Though he says nothing, John can sense that his thoughts are running off the rails. The anxiety that has no constructive outlet is making him fidget neurotically.
"Violet?" Doctor Pichler is seeking eye contact.
John is aware that his thoughts are flying every which way, and that he's channelling his own distress by turning it into righteous anger. He unclenches his fist, glances at Sherlock who's got his back turned to the others as he's unbuttoning his coat.
"I was ashamed," he suddenly hears himself say. "I was offered time off, but I felt like I needed to go back to prove I wasn't… I didn't
CT = computer tomography; a type of x-ray imaging based on doing tons of x-ray slides which are then stacked together by a computer to create images
"But it's about me, then? It must be about me, since during those times I wasn't well, and he had to… um… pick up the slack?" John curses silently because it's not the right expression.
"Long-term romantic partners know not just the best but the worst about each other. I have worked with John Watson for years, he is my senior professionally, he acted as my mentor and showed an interest and faith in me developing those professional areas I mentioned as being challenging for me. No one has observed more closely the process through which I have sought to better myself in this regard."
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "God, you lot do so love inane questions."
He calls Lestrade, makes sure there's nothing he's needed for. They have found a replacement anaesthetist for the rest of the case.
Doctor Pichler puts away her pen and pad. "If you tell Sherlock about her, will it more for you or for him?"
"How did you––" He starts, then catches himself.
Sherlock shrugs. "Repeat customer, not a long-term admission. They wouldn't do a rhythm reversal from FA at the ward."
Lestrade raises his gaze from his computer screen. "Sherlock. How was the weekend?"
"Go, before you fall asleep."
"If I cook it, you will know what's in it," John promises, taking a big bite of his breadstick. Soon, his lip curls up in secretive amusement.
John snatches his hand away. "I'm alright. Just knackered. Why does removing a piece of me that is no bigger than a fifty pence piece do this? It just beggars belief."
Sherlock seems to have decided to dislike her on principle, and there is little she could do to change that. To him, she probably symbolises everything that's going on: being ill, being in the hospital, being told he can't do certain things.
He's never been good at being drunk. Either too self-aware to reach proper inebriation due to limiting his intake — or too soon tipping over the edge to sleepy and uncoordinated, he has never experienced the carefree laissez-faire which had seduced his university classmates to Cambridge's bars evening after evening. He was always the serious one, the viper-tongued one, the one who was always alone.
on one, without him. And I fear there is no solution to this one apart from doing what I am told and letting time pass, both things at which I have always failed.
Mycroft had also promised to keep John up to date on how things were going. John had vowed to wait until the man contacted him, but after a shot of whisky and a shit day at work, his resolve had cracked.
!" John accuses.
"I guess that's a no." John opens the fridge, and Sherlock stops paying attention to him.
"I don't know what I'm doing," you mutter, watching his fingers tap on the blanket as he focuses on the music, eyes closed.
"Can I see him?"
"How much have you done?"
"What would you call it, then, if not an adverse event?"
"And risk them lecturing that same poppycock at me as you just did?"
"Of course, he will. Is he alright, John?"
'. The ruling was based on the GMC's preliminary investigation and, since the physician had accepted the outcome, it marks the end of his dealings with the Council. No conditions imposed, no tribunal, no mandatory follow-up. He and Sherlock had exchanged emails about it, and the radiologist had expressed his hopes that the outcome might be the same or even better for the neurosurgeon who remains in limbo.
[post-S3, family matters]
Once inside 221b Morrell Avenue, Sherlock flits about in the short hallway while John takes off his shoes as instructed.
"Harry — my sister, that is — says that she remembers this one evening when we all still lived here. She says it's the only thing she remembers of Mum and Dad being happy, when they were dancing to this."
execution of those orders. If I am not in the OR and my trained, fully licensed anaesthesia nurse messes up, I can be seen as having neglected my duty to supervise her even if it was an isolated, uncharacteristic error that had nothing to do with anything I said or did.
"There were lessons determinedly and repeatedly forced upon me which I chose to resist. One of them was being told not to pursue medicine, a profession in which my interest began to grow during my late teens. For years, I had been told that there was no cure for what I was, nothing that could be done to change the cards I had been dealt — namely the brain I had been born with. But how much did the scientific community actually know about autism? Understanding the fundamental, physical differences between my grey matter and that of neurotypical individuals was unlikely to offer tangible tools of navigating this world better, but that didn't matter to me. I needed to know. I needed to understand. And that is what led me to explore neuroscience. My fellow surgeons most likely think I chose intracranial surgery because of its reputation as a highly competitive and prestigious surgical field, because of the high stakes involved which may stroke a pathological ego, the manual dexterity required which I happened to possess. They are all wrong. I chose to do what I do because not only did I want to understand myself, I wanted to do for others what I could not do for myself: fix things, fix people. Those who have accused me of being cold, unfeeling and borderline sociopathic, pay attention, now: I
Sherlock swallows hard before turning on the camera on the laptop. He's wearing a dress shirt and pyjama bottoms; this is a Skype session so why bother changing all of his clothes? He must look pale and sweaty; though the bout of nausea had abated with the milk he'd drunk straight from a carton in the bar room fridge, he still feels shaky. He knows he's not eaten much in the past three days that he's been here or the weeks preceding his arrival in Zurich, but it doesn't explain how rotten he's been feeling today. The pain he's been dealing with for days isn't the usual sort of churning hollowness he gets from inadvertent fasting.
"I'd say that's a fair assessment, yes."
"That's what I did, too, tried to hang up a noose for myself because I felt like nobody else gave a damn," Hazeldine explains. "I transformed guilt into shame, and that's what ended my surgical career. Mind you, I did not leave medicine — I am quite content in my current role, but you are a surgeon, are you not?"
"And we both know that a child's ability to recover is at least twice as fast as an adult's. You
"The elephant in the room," John mutters.
There's one more deduction to be made here, one that John doesn't welcome but can't avoid, either.
He has friends but doesn't even realise it. He seems so sceptical that anyone would want to be that for him.
. Always a ton of paperwork, these criminal cases. Might have to testify."
______________
, and at times when A&E queues get longer and prioritising of care becomes an even larger necessity than usual, people will get angry and frustrated. Priorisation has an ominous echo, but it's something we do all the time in terms of evaluating, for instance, whether intensive care would only cause extended suffering without hope of recovery, or if the patient has a chance to recover through receiving it. In countries with solid public healthcare, it's not about money — it's about giving ITU beds to those who will benefit and are likely to survive such risky, invasive treatment and directing those who won't into high-quality palliative care. It doesn't all yet work the way it should, but that's the ideal. Shoving every critically ill or injured patient automatically into intensive care is unethical, since for some it will only cause more suffering.
Had it been just a dream, it would have been alarming. A memory is what it really is — one he'd pushed away, ruled as inconsequential and logical and understandable and unimportant. John hadn't been himself in that hotel room in Islamabad when he'd woken up suddenly without recognising where he was and who Sherlock was, and it had only happened once. Sherlock has never dreamt of this, at least he can't recall such a nightmare.
Rosie totters into the kitchen as I'm having breakfast, immersed in a set of crime scene photographs from the serial arson case that's kept us busy for the past two days with the Met. It's my first time working with just Sally, who's risen in ranks to gain her own team. Lestrade is on holidays.
, Mister Holmes," the judge warns sternly.
"I very much agree that he is not a bad person. In so many ways, he is an ideal partner for you, and he has sought help himself in recovering from the trauma he went through and for resolving certain long-term issues. If I considered him a harmful, abusive partner to you now, I would have raised the subject with you."
he tries, but even unspoken, those words are bitter on his tongue. Protects him from what?
Glancing at Mycroft, it occurs to you — and not for the first time how different your childhood was from the Holmes'. You went to the village school, then the nearest sixth form. You have no idea why someone would live in London and send their kids to a boarding school in the same city. All those ideas of constant peer socialisation and such seem rather elitist and old-fashioned to you, and your parents could never have afforded to pay tens of thousands of pounds for your schooling per year. They struggled to make ends meet. You were a hard-working student, and you knew what you wanted, and that's what got you into a university. Not Oxbridge, not even anywhere in London, but a decent medical programme. You're aware Mycroft is an Oxford graduate, and that Sherlock attended Cambridge for an undergrad degree, then dropped out soon after, though he was admitted to a PhD program. You can't help but wonder if those two geniuses couldn't have got into such institutions even from less prestigious sixth form schools.
"Yes, it really is. Partners, then. Now, the soil samples, if you please." John reminds him. "We've got a killer to catch."
"There weren't any doors, there was just that plastic curtain. It was an open observation area––"
"I think I will need them, yes." John grimaces. "I am so not looking forward to the next few weeks. At the ward they at least had the quick-acting stuff for when it really hurts a lot."
“When? What kind?”
We learned the history of Natch, the Holmes family dog, in “Differential Diagnosis”.
"We've been through extraordinary circumstances and pulled through. I didn't
No, she hadn't called to ask him a favour, but doing so might put him at ease. It would be predictable from his standpoint, give him the chance to bicker a bit in that familiar manner between them. A bit of innocent obfuscation feels like a small price for Violet to pay for the joy of hearing his voice and, perhaps, a bit more obfuscation is needed to keep hearing it in the future. As much as Sherlock values honesty and truthfulness, keeping certain truths to herself is something she
"This one bloke showed up a few days ago," John says. His eyes meeting Sherlock's, whose stomach makes an odd sort of flutter.
“Is it normal, being this fatigued? Granted, this is not an elective tonsillectomy, but still.”
Once the operation is done, Sherlock's restlessness picks up again since he can't banish entirely the fear that someone might come up with a new excuse to keep John imprisoned at Princess Royal for yet another night. Dictating his surgical notes is taking four times longer than usual because his train of thought keeps slipping back to John.
how those things made you feel? That is what I was trying to build, Sherlock, not dismantle your marriage. John's had his turn to face these things with the support of a professional, but you didn't have that. You had to deal with all of it alone."
Sherlock is familiar with the most common Atlantic fishes consumed in Britain, but has never quite appreciated them in their original, non-filleted form. Three rounded dorsal fins, a chin barbel that makes it look rather contemplative. The colour is mottled, darker than he would have assumed. There's dark brown colouration on the back and sides. The fish draws a few convulsive breaths, flops its tail once, then goes slack and silent.
Hazeldine, munching on an egg and cress sandwich, raises his palm to silence Sherlock. "I was not told or advised by anyone to refrain from operating on the patient, did not receive any sort of punishment or warning or even stern words from the head of our clinic. No complaint was made by the patient. There was just me."
It occurs to me that we're idiots. I tell him this, and he agrees, laughter lines crinkling up his features.
"Yep."
"Dizzy?" you ask, already on your feet. "Lie down a bit, we'll get your legs up."
The evening is still young by London standards, so he texts Lestrade to ask if there are any new developments. Having forgot he'd turned it on silent as they were headed to Christian's place, he digs out his phone ten minutes later to check if there's a reply. When he looks up from his phone, the front door to 221B Baker Street is less than forty paces away.
No, of course he’s not alright! How could he be alright when they’re taking away his chance to help John make good decisions, sane decisions, sound clinical decisions! "
What Sherlock is describing is how the body reacts to pressure rising inside the bony skull. Regulatory systems raise the systemic blood pressure so that at least some circulation could squeeze past the intracranial pressure to protect what's still alive in the brain.
"What do you want from me?" Sherlock asks in a defeated tone. "Want a formal apology for not adhering to your or Greg's set schedule of moving on?"
You mean to go home the next evening, you really do, but the oddly luxurious armchair with a reclining back which appears mysteriously in Sherlock's room seduces you to fall asleep after the evening news. Sherlock has been dozing on and off, not complaining much, and has even had a bite of his dinner, which has lulled you into a false sense of security. The arterial line is gone now, but he still needs constant ECG monitoring.
He hums, a noncommittal little sound that could mean anything or nothing.
The day shift nurse is called Andrew. He's a quiet sort, which Sherlock will probably appreciate once he's awake. Andrew attends to his duties with diligent, calm focus, and makes you feel less like an intruder than having Leah around did. Andrew seems to have an infinite amount of patience for your questions, which someone with less professional confidence might take for distrust in their meticulousness.
"Of course. There's stigma associated with being in healthcare and needing healthcare."
The suggestion is well-received by John, who encourages Sherlock to back his father up against Violet's protestations that she can manage.
diuretics = medications which draw fluid out of the patient into the urine and often lower their BP as a result
'. He ignores the immediate call that ensues after he doesn’t answer her last two texts. He wonders if she thinks she's deciphered something in his communique that has alarmed her more than the news of John still being at the ward should have. What Violet Holmes' ‘help’ would translate to is her taking over the kitchen and micromanaging and chiding Sherlock all day long. He can tolerate his mother’s unpleasant habits better now than a few years prior, but only at a distance if he's anxious over other things. The idea of her being in close proximity right now is enough to seal the deal on returning to booze-up.com.
“There’s no we here anymore,” Sherlock complains, and drops down to sit in the chair because he feels a bit light-headed. “I’ve been kicked out,” he complains.
of him as a surgeon. Well, he does what he needs to, but the joy is gone from it, and he's slower and more cautious than he used to. He doesn't just double-check things, he checks them six times and still seems unsure." Going through the checklist for the AVM patient had taken ages because of this; John had seen the other staff members exchanging mildly baffled glances.
"I need to move my morning operation so I can attend." Sherlock sits up, rolls his shoulders. He still needs to dictate his surgical notes, needs to go to the ward to–– to––
"Call me John, please."
Mycroft has been thorough; not that Sherlock wouldn't have expected any less. The man hasn't risen to the top of the intelligence ranks by being shoddy. There is a complete sampling of the investigative paperwork, forensic reports, court documents and some other bits and pieces, one of which catches Sherlock's attention. It's a notice letter of unpaid property taxes on a house in Teddington. It's an unsurprising location for a family home; it’s a safe area bordering the famous Bushy Park and across the river from Richmond Park, full of plenty of green, open spaces.
John bites his lip; he knows Sherlock is gathering his focus, summoning his emotional troops for the upcoming intellectual assault. John had needed to ask that question for the sake of his own peace of mind and doesn't expect an answer; he had just wanted to gauge Sherlock's mood. The man seems a bit more on edge than he usually is but, compared against the baseline of what he was like when John first met him, he seems… himself.
Sherlock's cheeks go a bit warm, though it cannot possibly have anything to do with the sight of John wearing––
On Saturday morning, it takes Sherlock two hours to do what he manages in thirty minutes at home on workdays: brush his teeth, despair over the state of his hair, pick out some clothes that aren't his pyjamas, floss, and shave. He's been doing some of this every day, especially if he is scheduled to talk to Pichler, but he still feels scatter-brained and physically hung over from yesterday's sedation. Mycroft had woken him up just past ten in the evening to inform him that John will be flying in, after all. Bleary-eyed and confused, Sherlock had asked his brother why John would be willing to go to such trouble for just an overnight stay.
There is no
mitral plasty = a general procedure type in which the mitral valve is repaired, not replaced. Flip-over and transposition are subtypes of this.
"I'm not particularly angry."
The neurosurgeon's consultation phone comes to life, too. "It's the A&E triage nurse," Sherlock says tiredly after studying the caller ID on the screen. "Must I?" he whines while collecting himself off the sofa. He drops the grape container on the nearest table and presses the answer call button. "Holmes."
…outdoorsy Johnlock:
John's jaw nearly drops. His husband has come a long way, if he can casually address — in conversation with
Wiggins shrugs. “Newsagent should ‘ave some.”
you scramble to think as though you could telepathically shut him up. You can't because he's Sherlock, so of course he will ask the question you don't want to hear. Stubborn, fiercely independent Sherlock.
"Off," Sherlock mutters and snaps the elastic waistband of John's boxers.
"That's not how Greg described it. He said you were calm, and that he was surprised when he was about to scrub out, but you asked him to stay even though you handled the rest without any problems."
_______________
"I am perfectly capable of steering clear of clergy on my own, Mummy," Sherlock comments drolly as he rises to his feet. "It's not my fault if the average Man of God's confidence in their own faith is so brittle that they cannot even defend their views rationally."
bad breath after anaesthesia: true. Can be hideous. Anaesthesia ventilators don’t provide moisture into the breathing circuit, so the air the patient breathes is dry and affects adversely the patient’s ability to remove debris from their airways through ciliary action (tiny hairs making snot travel around). Plus the patient will spend hours with their mouth open because of the intubation tube. All of this affects bacterial growth in the mouth and salivary production.
, Sherlock noticed.
Sherlock pinches the bridge of his nose before opening his eyes to slivers. "Ass––
He turns to face May Greene, one of the neurosurgical ward nurses. She's rubbing her bare arms vigorously, her short-sleeved, white work dress doing little to protect from the chilly wind.
He's stolen a few glances at Sherlock while they ate. Sherlock doesn't know how to interpret them.
You realise you always expect him to be above it all, just like he seems convinced that no mortal problems should affect him. He's tricked even you in to believing he has superhuman strength and intelligence, which can resolve any problem in a second. Mycroft sees past all that and you should, too. It just disturbs you too much to see someone so full of life first at the brink of death and then in this state. The very thought is alien, because this is not Sherlock. This doesn't happen to Sherlock.
"No, I have not." He doesn't want to specify whether he's answering the question about the existence of such fantasies or saying that he's not told John any such thing. Sex has been discussed many times during these therapy appointments, but delving into the realm of fantasy feels particularly invasive. "He's never worn any of his dress uniforms in my presence; all I've seen are photographs. I may have commented a few times on his appearance in such images, that's all. "
remains," Sherlock counters.
He eats a second biscuit to calm his nerves.
"A&E? Is that the emergency department? Was it a patient?" she interrogates.
You find yourself wishing the nurses would finish their preparations, too, because you want to talk to Sherlock without interference. You're steeling your nerves, preparing for battle because you know he'll try to deflect, will attempt attacking you because he doesn't want to discuss things that bother him. But he's been through so much, and Mycroft is right — the stress and anxiety and shock are bound to come out at some point, and you'd rather cushion the impact than let him freefall.
Holmes' eyes are twinkling with excitement. "Yes!" he exclaims. He runs to the windowsill to grab his phone, typing furiously. Soon, his mobile rings.
"You think I'll have PTSD. I won't."
He presents it to Sherlock with a sombre expression.
But it didn't stop.
Grindr."
One thing John wants to say but won't is that his husband looks sad when he doesn't think John is looking. Sherlock looks like he's given up and is only trying to pretend otherwise to keep up some sort of a front for John.
The bed creaks again.
You swallow, realisation dawning. This must be the reaction you've been expecting, the storm you've smelled in the air, the dark clouds in the horizon finally covering the elusive sun. Mycroft had anticipated as much: two days ago, he'd told you to just wait until it really sunk in with Sherlock what had happened. '
"The radiologist note confirms the wrong side as having the better margin?" Lestrade's brows rise. "This could be a blessing in disguise."
"Yes," John confirms.
"And I'm not proud of them." The higher John has climbed in hospital hierarchy, the less he sometimes cares if a person complains. He won't tolerate threats or insults towards himself or racist remarks or sexual harassments towards other staff members. It's the least that patients and family members can do to help themselves get the best care possible — not antagonise the staff.
, John realises. Stephanie Mayle is one of their most experience neurosurgical OR nurses. "Jesus."
"I'm not trying to dwell on things. I just feel as though a… spell has been broken, and now I see what I do for what it is," Sherlock admits. His fingers have curled into the silky fabric of the dressing down and John is terribly tempted to reach out and pry open his white-knuckled fingers.
"Idiot nurse shot them full of enoxaparin. It's been prescribed once a day because of the surgery and the malignant diagnosis. I've no idea why it wouldn't have occurred to the staff to hold off on it until we had a diagnosis."
He's impossible and John loves him impossibly much.
John appreciates her willingness to not mince her words, to not use the typical roundabout way of expressing stuff he has often associated with psychiatrists. She may seem soft and empathetic, but it's obvious she has a strong professional backbone and a set of sizeable proverbial balls since she can deal with someone as curmudgeonly stubborn as Sherlock.
Half an hour later, they're under the covers with the lights out, listening to the other breathing. John feels suspended in apprehension, completely at a loss how to cross the mere inches of bed separating them.
There's no SH at the end of it. John tries not to worry too much about this fact but fails.
This is the moment he has dreamed of so many times during the years he has been absent, but none of the scenarios he'd had in his head were like this. So devoid of all the important things. So Johnless.
"Thanks again," Sherlock says, and manages not to grit his teeth. "I hope Edward didn't make a mess of your back seat."
That gives you pause. "It's not happened before, has it?"
"Just a bit of tidying up, loose ends, you know how it is," Sherlock explains. He looks a bit flushed.
"You can't breathe down a neck in an OR, John. Surgical masks, remember? I'd think a family member who said that is an idiot because they're not a neurosurgeon while
"It's the future, Sherlock."
happen between them, if Sherlock gets a say. He's had a taste of a different kind of life, now, and that life cannot be recreated without John Watson. It's still such a difficult thought to accept that John would want him, would want him
“Same old, same old. Look, if I keep talkin’ to posh folks like you, punters gonna think you’re a copper and I’m snitching or whateva.”
"That is for him to decide," Joanna says softly. "These things shouldn't be forced, especially not on someone like Sherlock; having a therapist is still something he feels very uneasy about. For a long time, he sought to frame our acquaintance as something else than a therapeutic relationship."
"Threw up, then seized, and now he's like this," John explains.
"Rather than for him or the two of you together, it would be for you. I could give you some names––"
John's hand halts halfway to taking the mug to his lips. "You wouldn't
in there.
"You are a sports surgeon, then?" Sherlock asks, eyes roving the photographs and awards and orthopaedic textbooks on John's shelves.
give you a tenner for one of your smokes," Sherlock suggests.
"The place wasn't to his liking. Downmarket, he would sneer. When we spent time together, it was at his place in London or in a hotel suite."
"I should have liked to have a girl. Two boys in the house…" Violet gives a tight smile. "We spoke of it sometimes when there was just Mycroft, and when Sherlock was still… when we still thought he was normal." She half expects the psychiatrist to correct her, to point out that such words shouldn't be used about autism, but it's just semantics — choosing a different word just sugarcoats things and doesn't change the truth that he was always different and always will be.
He tries to remind himself that the whims of a drunken man shouldn't be taken seriously. Whatever John's problem is, Sherlock is not the cause, and it’s likely John won’t even remember tomorrow that they’d spoken. They don't know each other, not really. Yet all Sherlock knows for certain is that he won't step into a boat that takes him away from here, unless he's made sure that the words that have just been spat at him won't be yet another thing he'll spend the rest of his days trying to analyse because he overthinks everything always and people are the worst kinds of puzzles, the kind he can never solve.
Many serial killers are capable of leading outwardly normal lives hiding in plain sight as husbands, wives, scout leaders, doctors, policemen, soldiers and employers. What if Sherlock is one of them? And what if John discovers his secret?
"How the accident was not caused by you or Mary. How you didn't even stick around for the Coroner's Inquest to hear what happened, even though you must've understood, as a doctor above all, that the shock and the concussion must have distorted your memories."
"Has disciplinary action within the Trust or by the GMC ever been directed at you based on these areas of professional conduct?"
[01.19] Then I am doubly sorry.
"What’s it to you? You got a better pet name, then?"
. Sher––
Cold sweat is gathering at his neck, as he arrives to the part of his speech which he had let no one proofread except for Joanna.
______________
It's an odd song in a 4/4 meter and reminds him of the Turkish folk dance of
"Most people aren't in a position where forgetting things leads to disastrous consequences," Sherlock mutters. The longer John holds him, the harder it is to resist to relax, to lean his weight against his husband and to close his eyes.
"Yeah. I… I think I've picked up on some of that lately. But he's usually bounced back on his own after a while. I never know how long to just let him be and when to nudge him to do something about it. It's often been… I don't know… transitional, like you said? Such as before and after Malawi."
Sherlock snorts. "I assure you I can manage a few potatoes. It's hardly brain surgery."
Lestrade, who's not done spouting inconsequential drivel. "
"That's… I have to admit that's not the worst comparison, but imagine when that perfect sneeze finally comes — doesn't it feel great?"
John, bemused by such fussing, follows him into what turns out to be a small kitchen. He leans on the windowsill to look out into a small back garden completely overgrown with bramble and ivy. The neighbour's back gardens are, in contrast, meticulously looked after with some of the rose trellises and flower baskets still carrying wilted blooms.
Mycroft knows because he's probably still got alarms programmed through some hacked back door into the NHS records system which sends him an encrypted email every time my identification is activated. Old habits are hard to break; though my brother hardly needs to protect my from Eurus, now, he hasn't stopped looking after me in his strange, compulsive, frightened way.
Sherlock manages an eye roll, but his heart isn't in it. The fact that the flat will be empty tomorrow evening does push him towards a decision: he'll go, but only because all the other options are hardly any better. It doesn't matter what he does this weekend, and at least his mother's company will make it feel longer.
"Yesterday. In a text."
"Yeah?"
After graduating from medical school, John Watson followed his heart to the Himalayas. Ten years later, he's a haunted cynic working for his ex-lover's trekking and mountaineering company. Will leading an expedition to Annapurna I — the most lethal of all the world's highest mountains — shake John out of his reverie, and who is the mystery client added to the group at the last minute?
, and he
"Edinburgh."
Emtricitabine-tenofovir.
that arsehole Holmes. Fuck if I know what he sees in him."
"I don't know what that means."
On a Friday three months after John's surgery, Sherlock realises he can't ask John to wait another God-knows-how-many-hours until he gets out of a long-winded posterior fossa operation. Edgar promises to procure transport home when he needs it. Burdening the young man causes little guilt since he gets paid for it. Sherlock's need for his services has diminished somewhat now that the new research unit is running fully, allowing Edgar to take on another client. It's another surgeon from King's, one higher up in administration, who had been looking for help to manage a busy life for some time before he'd heard of Sherlock's solution.
He is startled violently awake just after two in the morning, cold sweat prickling his neck and his chest heaving. He swallows down bile and gathers the covers tighter around himself, feeing chilled to the bone and wanting protection from the empty dark of the bedroom.
"Oi!" John protests.
Sherlock frowns at the horizon, shielding his eyes from the sun with the edge of his hand.
He snaps his back straight and helps John into his long wool peacoat.
Sherlock can almost convince himself that he's still focussed on the case as the man disappears back into the dark. The proximity of his suitor has woken a longing he's tried to push away, to convince himself the price for it is too high to pay.
The nurse comes to turn off the sedative and promises to come back with some more pain meds.
?" Violet snaps. "We had a name for her; she would have been
John looks at him oddly — as if surprised by the question. "Yeah, there is. I need to prepare for that big reunion. Five classes at the same time, with talks and a gala dinner."
John can't tell if he's accepted the explanation or just grown bored of the discussion.
That's what John had done. So many times.
"You wouldn't have gone on a killing spree if I'd died at Bastion." John's lip quirks up. "Though I have to say it's a pretty flattering mental image: you, grabbing an assault rifle and taking down a local Taliban cell to avenge my death like a really posh version of Rambo."
In fact, he becomes a regular visitor to the clinic, and after two months, John has to admit to himself that he looks forward to these visits more than he does his surgeries. He loves medicine, but the excitement and drama he had left behind in Afghanistan — and misses more than he's wanted to confess — are there in Holmes' cases more than they are in the current direction of his surgical career. Though brutal, the details Sherlock consults John about are beautiful mysteries of flesh and bone, of ripped tendons and torn blood vessels. The ones where there is a deadline are the best; they make John feel an inkling of the same pressure that had pushed him to do his best work as an army surgeon.
Whatever he'd expected to emerge out of the bedroom was not a cranky Sherlock sounding the way he does every workday morning before he's had coffee.
John misses his husband. If only he could have that head of curls on his knee right now! Sherlock would complain about rugby, John would tease him gently back while carding idly his fingers through those ringlets. Sherlock hates people messing with his hair — people who are not John. Sometimes Sherlock falls asleep sprawled on the sofa, his head in John's lap, and John sometimes amuses himself by trying to remove his glasses without waking him up. They are both used to sleeping alone when the other is on call, but John always sleeps more fitfully then, is more prone to waking up several times through the night when there is no warm presence next to him lost to the world. Sherlock is as beautiful bleary-eyed and with his hair all a riotous mess in the morning as he is when he emerges from the bathroom just before leaving for work in one of his crisp suits, his curls arranged in a way that would make a salon hairstylist proud.
A week later, Sherlock has decided to reward himself with an extra portion of dessert after speaking with the solicitor his brother and John have found for him. It's a recommendation stated in many sources that doctor should have a legal representative in these proceedings. After all, at least one of the panellists will have a legal qualification, and the BMC will be represented by a lawyer, too.
[00:19] Peer reviewing an article for Int J Neurosurg
They get home after a quiet commute, and John goes to the kitchen to flip through the stack of letters and other mail they've received. Sherlock has gone to the bathroom to wash his hands; the water's running.
(See the end of the chapter for
, she thinks.
"I don't know."
at you, and recognises you. Not until you know he's safe. "I'm fine."
"I felt like something was stuck in my throat, couldn't talk. Then, it was pulled out which felt horrid."
She shrugs. "Sorry, no. Just a man yelling, Joe saying something, then a shot, and then I saw Susan."
"I certainly hope so, yes. That is one of a therapist's tasks — to help clients see things from different, fresh perspectives."
John can't find it in his heart to disagree. Like most doctors, he's been examined by the GMC but only once, thankfully, and the case didn't progress into an MPTS tribunal. There were no consequences to his career since he was found to be not at fault. He knows he got off easy, but even just that preliminary investigation had put a dent in his confidence — made him fear that any patient encounter, any mishap could lead to some random accusation and a punitive process blown out of proportion. It's a scary thought that real mistakes most often don't lead to consequences if a patient doesn't complain, whereas foundationless, harmful accusations can lead to processes where a doctor is ripped apart in the media while being able to do little to defend themselves even if the facts reported to the MPTS service aren't facts at all.
, except when I see no benefit in an invention, and it makes me nauseous to boot."
He'd been on some experimental artificial surfactant combined with a substance promoting bronchial cell regeneration. John's clearance wasn't high enough to be told more. "Should get you back on duty sooner rather than later."
To his surprise, Sherlock doesn't contradict him. Maybe he's realised that an obvious panic attack is enough evidence to support John's claim.
"It was always the same.
"I think you need more meds first. We could do this in the morning?" you suggest warily, aware that when Sherlock gets an idea, he never lets go of it.
The nurse brings something up on the computer she is working at. "It would've been time for paracetamol in half an hour, anyway."
or whatever.
"It wasn't a heart attack, was it?"
, he reminds himself and grits his teeth. "Three Vicryl," he commands, and once he's received the thread and the needle driver, he starts suturing up the dura mater.
"I can't just
. "––it doesn't feel good?"
Sherlock swallows, the fight suddenly draining out of him. His shoulders slump where he's sitting in an old, uncomfortable office chair. He closes the lid of his laptop before making his way to the bed and clicking on a reading light. He sits stiffly at the foot while John is lounging in a sitting position with his back against the wall.
"I have, and none of it would put me off. Very few people would have me as a flatmate. Or a friend."
"Two questions, actually," John adds.
I have a chronic illness. I'm managing it. Not a single day will pass when I won't be reminded of it by the blister packets I punch through. That shouldn't feel as crushing as it still does.
"Penicillin."
He lets go of the microscope and squares his shoulders, fixing his gaze on John. "You don't
," Sherlock admits.
In Pierowall, Sherlock makes a point of greeting people he passes on the narrow streets. In London, withdrawing into himself and ignoring others would be the best way to blend in, to be inconspicuous. Here, he should act as if he knows everyone, as if he's been here before and is comfortable in these surroundings. His messy, greasy hair and fledgeling, uneven beard should add verisimilitude; he's hoping the locals will assume he does manual labour.
"Not many people to talk to out here," John muses as they stand side by side by the garden gate, watching Angus Ardle get smaller and smaller on the horizon.
"I love it," Sherlock finds himself admitting. He wants to grab his mug to give his fingers something to do; he's at risk to start fidgeting because John is standing so close. "Dancing. Always have. We had to learn at school."
"I'm sure there is already an exhausting list of follow-up appointments scheduled," Sherlock dismisses. "Not necessary."
Sherlock is scandalised. "That's…
More laughter from the audience. In a book Sherlock had read from cover to cover about writing good speeches, widely known pop culture references were encouraged. It had actually been enlightening, researching what drivel it actually was that pop culture was telling people about autism.
, Sherlock wonders. His accent is hard to place: there is an undertone of northern Scottish influence there, but clearly he has been schooled elsewhere, most likely somewhere in West Midlands. Sherlock has always had a penchant for the Scottish accent, especially its defiant R's which linger like an unwanted guest in the doorway, insistent they haven't yet finished their story. Clearly not upper class, but well-educated. His posture and the way he'd reacted to the sudden incursion of visitors spells out military. Sherlock is quite certain, in hindsight, that one of the words Angus had used earlier is 'doctor'.
"Is it common when a decision not to operate is made that the surgeon does not speak to the family?"
"Now, tell me what's been going on with your work."
"What?" he asks after turning and noticing John's surprise. "You suggested it earlier and, though disgusting, it works. Faster than the antacids, I might add. I do sometimes listen to you."
"I remember when he found that in a shop in Glasgow. We went there to buy things for uni. He wanted to listen to it the moment we got home," John says, joining Sherlock by the shelf with an RAMC-logo mug cradled in his hands.
"Then may I ask––" the panellist began, but John lifts up a finger.
"That his patient from three days ago wants a word."
Now, he settles into the old armchair by the fireplace, and lifts his arms above his head, feeling his vertebrae pop. It's so odd how solitude feels different here than it did in London. He's more alone than ever, but feels no expectations of others to change it, no pressure to partner himself with someone.
"Is there some Scotland versus England type rivalry between them and Westray? I'm not aware of one."John looks imperious before melting into a grin, elbow on the table and fork waving in the air. "He just wasn't a very nice man."
You wish you could say that Sherlock is back home safely. Objectively, that's true, but he's not acting like it.
can be found
"What is going on with him now needs to be monitored. I would like to see him weekly for a while, perhaps even more frequently if that becomes necessary."
"I have never tried to claim I was perfect or particularly suited to look after someone like William, but I did my homework; I got him all the help I could and now he resents me for it. Those women in the support group, they understand the kinds of decisions you have to make and how you must accept that this is what your life is now like and how alone you are with all of it! They have so much more support now, bless them, but you heard them: it's still so hard. I had
John drops bags into two mugs he finds in the cupboard. There's a third one, containing a foul-smelling blue powder. On second thought, John dumps the bags and the water and rinses the mugs thoroughly before refilling them.
He can't keep still, so he hardly wants to go back to bed after relieving himself. His hands shake, and he wants to hold something because he doesn't know how else to occupy them. When he arrives in the kitchen, Natch's head lifts from on top of his paws. The old dog is sleeping in his sheepskin-covered, raised dog bed by the back door close to a radiator.
"Why do those things need to be in any way connected?"
"Are you actively supportive of colleagues when they make mistakes?"
, they get into all kinds. I've a physician friend who says a frightening percentage of trauma patients are inebriated or the victims of accidents caused by inebriated people." Molly's patients are now always dead, but once, she'd worked in London's emergency rooms like all junior doctors.
"I know what I wrote."
"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I want to congratulate the University of Cambridge Neuroscience Unit on its seventy-fifth anniversary as well as thank them for the invitation to deliver this opening keynote of the thirtieth Cambridge Neuroscience Seminar."
"Assicks."
"Go on, then," Sherlock says with a flick of his wrist. "Convince me why you don’t have the right for anything else than a quick shag in the dark on a rock some ancient sea god spat out."
Angus has been offered a shot of whisky which he'd accepted with enthusiasm and taken to the garden.
As for how sound John's opinions regarding
do?” Sherlock asks, his voice rising in pitch.
Frustration is emanating from him in waves. His hair is a fluffy mess, at which he tugs and then growls in frustration. You remind yourself that these ripples on the surface of his moods are likely not the entire truth. He's not had any time to adjust to what's going on. The big waves rolling underneath might only just be approaching the coast.
"What did he find out, Sherlock?"
"Two years." Sherlock inhales through his nose. "Though…"
The visitor’s centre it is, then. The older lady manning it brings him a cup of tea while he uses the old, creaky PC, the monitor’s resolution a mess. The connection is not fast, but it's enough to scan through eight different major news outlets for anything that might point to power structure shifts in criminal organisations or significant international intelligence-related events. There’s nothing of note going on; whatever sort of gambit Mycroft is trying to execute, the kings and queens are still standing on the board.
"I didn't have many friends because my career didn't give me much of a chance for them. Well, that's not the whole truth, is it," Violet says.
"No matter what the reasons for it are, an abortion is never a simple decision — not even when the pregnancy is not viable," Doctor Pichler offers.
defibrillation = using electricity to revert a heart’s rhythm into normal
It turns out that the AI of the late John Watson has no answer to this.
John is not happy. "Which hospital? Are they injured? There was a
The problem still remains that it's not just him that's affected by his reputation. It's a black soot that sticks on John, too. Just as the group in the break room has just demonstrated, John is universally liked and respected, but nobody understands his taste in partners. They must extrapolate from what they see in John's work persona that he would be a good spouse and, by extension from what they believe about Sherlock, that he'd be a terrible one.
"You know I like cooking."
"Alright, al
"He was the one whose needs were the most important then, as they are now.
. "I'll need to speak to his Registrar, then."
Sherlock rolls his eyes. It appears he has found the only other person not afraid of his big brother.
You think of his brother whose only way of expressing love and concern is to snark, nag, berate and bully. Somehow, you just know there will be no Holmes parents appearing before the operation is over and done with. You're all Sherlock has got right now, and anyone in his situation would be overwhelmed and scared.
"Do you want to continue with the excision?" Jane asks, "or shall we retreat?"
"Doctor Holmes… the MPTS's belief is not that doctor are not allowed to make mistakes," the chairman points out. "To err is human, we all understand that. What we are here to assess is whether a doctor makes habitual, dangerous mistakes, if they have insight into their own decision-making process, and if their conduct in clinical situations is harmful to the profession or a good example of proper conduct. No doctor succeeds in good communication all the time, but a limit to how often failure is acceptable must be set. No one would question your skills as a surgeon. It is your interpersonal skills which have been brought into question."
"No."
Chuckling, John wraps his lips around Sherlock's glans again, sliding down to envelop his cock as deep as he can, applying a bit more suction. With his circled fingers, he pulls the foreskin all the way up, then slips his tongue in so that it barely laps at the sensitive cock tip inside. He knows Sherlock needs variation in the intensity of what he's doing to build a climax — if things stay too intense for too long, he'll be overwhelmed and over-sensitised. John shifts to slow, determined strokes combined with slipping the tip into his mouth and swirling his tongue around it gently.
. What happened?"
Sherlock wonders.
you nervous to go back into the OR after what happened with the Serbian patient?"
His mother-in-law looks quite pale and shaken, and Mycroft keeps glancing at his phone while they sip their Ballantine's.
"No one would begrudge you for thinking that capital punishment is fit for his crime. But surely, yours doesn't quite deserve a whole-life order."
Violet doesn't really think she needs the services of any psychiatrist or therapist; she knows her mental health is much less brittle than her son's, and she has navigated a marriage, a challenging motherhood and an academic career without having to go moan at someone how stressed she was. No, she's here because — for some strange reason — her William has decided to trust this woman and to value her advice over that of his parents. It is a bitter pill to swallow that Joanna Pichler appears able to communicate with her son in ways at which Violet has repeatedly failed. This therapist knows parts of her youngest child which Sherlock actively seems to conceal from her, and Violet actively battles the notion that the doctor and Sherlock have teamed up against her, blaming her for things in Sherlock's life beyond her control or influence.
"Then go do something else?"
John pulls out a chair and sits, his hands folded in his lap, his eyebrows drawn together. Sherlock remains standing, squeezing the edges of the chair back with his knuckles while. He loathes the frustrated concern emanating from John — why is it that the only exception to his blindness to other people's emotions is their disappointment in him?
He can't help but imagine how his mother would react to what he's just said. A few years ago, at the height of their conflict, he would have wanted to hurt her, wanted to fling such words at her as payback for all that she had put him through. But that was before he began to understand her reasons and her perspective. Maybe he will never entirely accept her choices or forgive some of them, but he will accept that she loves him and did what she genuinely believed was the right thing at that time. After all, it was what she was told to do by all the so-called experts of the period, and she was practically alone in making those decisions.
"Neither of us is very nice company when we're sick. Not a good time for the other one to need them. I get cranky and don't feel like being intimate on any level when I'm sick, but it's not your fault."
Yet, I caught it when I cared for nothing more than I did about John's life and happiness. I had to catch it when I did it all for selfless reasons. Obscene.
use, just… exposed myself to the idea." He forces himself to meet John's gaze.
“You said:
Of course, he'd pull through. Of course he would. Some heart valve doesn't get to take down Sherlock Holmes.
The look he gives me is sad. "So, you contracted this through––"
that does
. Sherlock is fine."
It is strange how that admission of their similarity feels like a revelation. Joanna Pichler has commented on certain similarities between Sherlock and his mother, which he has mostly dismissed up until now. But he cannot deny all of it. Their abrasiveness, their social isolation, their intense interests…
John had drank for a week after managing to admit, out loud, that she'd spend more time at Molly’s house than Baker Street after John had sold his and Mary's flat. There were cases, there were… just so many things. There was Sherlock.
“Your funeral, mate. Just don't think 'cos you've done dust you can freewheel with your doses. Start low.”
"At least I've been where you are, now."
"The damage control and mess mop-up squad. I see," Sherlock says venomously.
John had argued about this repeatedly with his husband. He'd begged Sherlock to try to make the matter seem as inconsequential as possible, but the man had adopted such an unwavering policy of honesty that John's pleas of focussing on self-protection had fallen on deaf ears.
"Sherlock," John interrupts him, "I'm not here to judge your stuffed bats or your biscuitlessness. I'm here because I
John laughs. "Don't judge. Who knows, maybe this place is a hothouse of international human trafficking or something."
"If you came here to lecture me, kindly
In this banter, John senses the change that has happened during the past two years between Sherlock and Violet. Instead of anxious, incapable of standing his ground and constantly hounded to behave in a certain way, Sherlock now gives as good as he gets and has constructed a healthy set of boundaries. And Violet's approach has changed, too — instead of a neurotic fear of Sherlock always mucking things up socially, she now beams with pride over his neurosurgeon son, especially after she'd made sure everyone in the village and beyond knew about the documentary in which Sherlock had starred.
"In some ways, a dinner party would be preferable to trying to decipher relationship expectations."
"It's going to rain," John says.
Once parked in front of your home, you climb out of Donovan's car and thank her as joylessly as possible. Sherlock says nothing, but appears relieved at the sight of the front door. He manages to get out of the car and walk slowly the short distance to the entrance without visible difficulty. There, he waits for you to dig out your keys.
John glances at his watch.
"Yes,
. "Has Sherlock been talking to Joanna Pichler?"
"My tailor can make all the necessary alterations."
Nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
, John thinks. He's got the impression that Joanna Pichler even
Sherlock gives him a sardonic glance.
What does it matter? You can't crumble or take a timeout. He needs you. You're alright, because you have to be. "I'm fine. Can you do the Brinavess here?"
You can't lose him. Sherlock bloody Holmes cannot go down like this — not because of a dodgy heart valve. No, it's got to be deep in the Game, in the heat of the chase. Or, perhaps as a ninety-something with a violin in hand, at dusk in a garden somewhere with bees buzzing about. That's what Sherlock had told you once — that he wanted to retire to Sussex with
"I remember things, but I can't be sure where I was still meant to be awake, or what parts of them are real. Even the bits I know can't be accurate… they feel exactly the same, and that's… out of the things I
"You said you needed to check on my sutures," Sherlock challenges.
John goes to the old armchair by the fireplace. Can he tell the one opposite is where Sherlock always sits, and the old, fabric-covered one is always empty?
“You wouldn’t know where to get batteries?” he asks the younger man.
"You're yelling."
, he tells himself.
What that means still mystifies John. "Is there anything I can do? Should I try to talk to him about all that?"
“I’m not eating much.” There are two small juice cartons with straws on the bedside cabinet, their foil seals unbroken.
"Angus told me what you said. You left, and I thought that was that, but then he came by and told me. Sherlock… you can't decide for me. Not like that."
"What are you talking about?"
John takes a deep breath, then continues. "Doctor Holmes may have been accused of lacking
"All the neurological, neuropsychological and cognitive testing that was offered on his last appointment with Doctor Stamford but which he declined upon discharge — performed with some important additions by professionals with particular expertise beyond that found in NHS hospitals."
"Mycroft is flying him here next week, I think."
Running his fingers through the curls his surgical cap had flattened, Sherlock is just about to enter the OR floor break room when he hears voices through the open doorway. He stops to listen, concealed still in the corridor from the conversants. He can recognise the voice of one of the recently minted plastic surgery consultants, a young man by the name of Keynes. Arrogant, cocksure and gossipy, dating his way through the nursing staff, Sherlock does not have a very high opinion of him. Admittedly, Keynes has surgical skills above his career stage, but he's still a walking stereotype with the smarmy social skills needed to climb the proverbial ladder. Judging by the contents of the conversation, Keynes appears to be speaking — monologuing, even — at a group of recently arrived trainees.
“Mm.” Suddenly, Sherlock is keen to leave. Why does interacting with John in this environment feel so awkward? He'd come expecting that the contact would actually calm him down, but it's somehow making things worse.
"Mycroft is right in that you're too high profile, and you wouldn't have the faintest how to act around soldiers.
"All things considered; I do feel better now than I did the day we caught Marston," Sherlock says. "Objectively. Physically."
The patient is alive, but there is no longer any chance of this surgery being a success. He's had to close off permanently the entire right pericallosal artery.
And Sherlock has just caught him looking. "It's a two-patch problem," he explains nonchalantly.
"The reunion is over two months away; wouldn't want it to get dusty. Just needed to check I can still squeeze into it."
"There were other mothers in the village, but they found it awkward, I guess, when I tried to talk about you since they didn't understand what I was going through, what it was like. They were always bragging about the achievements of their children, so there was little space in conversation for your problems. Then, after I went back to work… people's lives move on when you don't keep in touch. They find other friends, and the people we'd socialised with tended to be George's friends and their wives, who were all very different from me. Many of them were housewives — that doesn't correlate with intelligence, of course, but I must say some of them were idiots and I have no patience for that."
“Let’s give that pumper a bit of a rest, eh?” The cardiac anaesthetist says jovially. ”By the time it needs to take over from the bypass system again, there will be a valve that holds,” he promises Sherlock.
He makes his way to the kitchen, feeling steadier on his feet now. The white shirt around his arm hasn't become any bloodier than it had been when he had ended the call; wrapping it tighter must have helped.
"But I can't
. In reality, Sherlock always felt like he was one step behind. Perched on the kitchen table because he'd been too restless to pick a chair, Sherlock had forced himself not to squirm or retreat when Victor shifted to stand between his legs. Damn his body for responding so readily, so greedily. He wanted more of what they'd just done, wanted it
"I was thinking perfectly straight when I said Fairholme was a hopeless case. And look where it landed me."
"That's wonderful! Of course, that suit will do; I'm sure he'll be delighted to see you in it."
. His long, woollen coat is perfect for London winters but will be impractical for a scramble around some Godforsaken excuse of an island.
What his mind keeps returning to is how things were between the two of them after Afghanistan, but why? Why
. He still can't help glancing at the radiological monitor, feeling a flush of adrenaline at the relief that yes, he's precisely where he's supposed to be.
John's face does that thing where he pretends not to be insulted when he really is. "Well, I'm not some professional therapist, am I. Not a specialist in deciphering you. You have some talent in admitting some minor thing about your shortcomings but always making it sound like I'm somehow at fault."
John returns to the anaesthesia call room and in a few minutes, Yosuke comes to knock on the door to apologise that John had had to endure the phone all night.
"I really don’t." The term ‘pet name’ seems to indicate it is created with fondness. None of the things people have called him have been fond or kind. The only exception is when John sometimes calls him ‘love’. That's a standard endearment, though, not a proper specific pet name.
"I did."
He could be pretty self-sufficient by now, with the help of the PT he's chased out three times, now, with his sharp tongue. He could manage most of his clothes, walking around the ward, even going down to the cafeteria with an IV pole, but he won't. He's done a 180 from ignoring his Transport and thinking it's indestructible to acting as though just breathing deeply might break it. You no longer have to fear him overdoing it, but as it happens, there is such a thing as
"The valve."
"He paid with his life," John points out. He's managed to compose himself a little. "Nobody could ask for more."
, but in the light of his protests just now, he doesn't want to contradict himself. "I'm
"Asked by whom? Sherlock?" John is baffled. Sherlock wouldn't have needed his brother to translate for him since he speaks fluent German, Italian and French, but why ask his brother to leave the room?
"There's a lot of media attention," John says, hoping to sound diplomatic and not alarming in any way.
"––Operative Services. Yes. Thought so. I'm afraid I'm not privy to answer that; the nurse I spoke to earlier and who is being interviewed shed some light on this, but the Commanding Officer said to put a lid on that bit for the time being."
"I've not seen anything in the press here; the comings and goings of British doctors don't concern the Swiss. Do you think it might be good to limit his access to the internet? I can do that."
"You always dress with care, do you not? And you have the funds to invest to high-quality, tailored clothing?"
"Not like yours they don't," John says. "I mean, you must get it… I don't know, sorted out regularly."
"Then, pray tell, how should John punish you for these discretions?"
"Doctors, you mean? Staff? What
Just as John had predicted, the cloud cover has thickened, and it has begun to drizzle with rain. It's oddly warm, which explains why a fog has enveloped the horizon.
“I’m not comfortable with any of this!” Sherlock says, spreading his arms in frustration.
He then focuses on what Yosuke's doing and frowns. "Why aren't you using the internal jugular?"
"Can't sleep or concentrate. Much use I'll be for the Met."
on my life I didn't mean it that way!"
"Look who's talking," John scoffs.
At what stage? I cannot parse the meaning of the expression.
"When did he pass away?" Sherlock puts the album back on the shelf.
"You could reverse it with protamine. I researched the pharmacodynamics and with a slow infusion––"
Sherlock leans back on the sofa, sighing as he lets his head loll back. He's certain that John wouldn't stand for this — wouldn't let them kick Sherlock out of a conversation that's his duty to have with the family. He knows his colleagues think that he's too blunt, too honest, that he doesn't know how to deliver hope. But shouldn't a doctor-patient relationship be based on honesty? How would anyone trust him if they assumed he wouldn't tell them the truth?
John had helped him draft this. It was the story of Sherlock's medical life rather than some dry report — it was him describing in his own words to the panel his journey from an eighteen-year-old aimlessly drifting through London to a medical student struggling to communicate with his peers and his patients. It detailed his Foundation years and the challenges he faced at the National culminating after the death of an important mentor. Then, it told the story of his time at King's and how he truly began putting the work in to improve his weakest area of being a clinician — interpersonal communication.
"Not the ones which I can tell must be just dreams. I just can't construct the sequence of events in my head. There's a lot of lost time. That's… disconcerting."
"Haven't you ever felt responsible for how a case turned out even though you didn't make a mistake?"
"Yes."
"You're not getting it. I didn't… I never expected it. Never prepared for anything like this."
[From G. Lestrade at 14:39] YEAH HE WOULD BUT ITS DIFFERENT
Sherlock goes to sit on the sofa and rubs his closed lids with his fingertips. His mind feels sluggish, his nerves now numb rather than raw. The anxiety is gone, and in its place just defeated confusion. The things John says contradict so many things in his head. Why is it so hard to accept them? They're the truth for John — why can't they be that for the both of them?
___________
, John thinks.
Sherlock opens the window and drops one of the apples he'd left on a plate on a side table into the tangled-up grass next to the ram. It spits out the grass it was chewing, cranes down its neck to sniff the offerings, and takes a tentative bite before emitting a loud, snort-like sneeze that catapults minuscule bits of snot and apple into Sherlock's face.
could do to help."
You almost ask what he means, but then it hits you how inappropriate it feels to discuss this in front of Sherlock, regardless of whether he's listening or not. You've known he's not like most people, that he thinks differently in many ways, that he's brilliant and impulsive and so deeply oblivious to some things which surprise you because you're used to people understanding and picking up on those things instinctively. Now, you know why, but hearing the diagnosis had changed very little, if anything. It's just an agreement on what to call a cluster of symptoms, and some of those Sherlock might not even consider as such — as signs of pathological functioning. For you, as well, they're just…
wrong in a way that needs addressing?"
, Sherlock reminds himself.
[01.19] Do you actually need something?
[01.20] What SPECIFICALLY do you require me to bring? Water? Drugs? Food? New tonsils?
"No, it bloody well didn't." Sherlock's face pops into the screen again, peering into the webcam from above and looking as though he is photobombing the call instead of being the intended Canada participant. "We left Frankfurt five hours late, and then got rerouted to Ottawa because of bad weather and some other plane having an emergency because of said bad weather. They transported us here in coaches.
"Abscesses, plural?" John sounds incredulous.
"The fact of the matter is that this erroneous report exists," Dr Spray says apologetically. Regardless of what happened in the OR, it will be investigated, and it explains what happened."
"Did you blame others for your errors? Is that why the gates of admin opened to allow you in — you were skilled at making yourself look good, even when undeserved?" Sherlock asks, glaring daggers at Pounds.
Violet frowns. "What do you mean,
"You weren't promised that, Sherlock. What you were promised is that they'd give you a new valve because the old one was wrecked."
"Yeah, I think so," Bethany says. "I sutured the bleeding scalp and got a glimpse underneath; there's a bit of bone missing entirely. We need that CT and the neurosurg consult to see whether we can do something for her on that brain."
"I was angry at him for that decision. I thought it implicated me, and at the same time I felt it was fair that I should be punished and singled out as the culprit. My feelings were conflicted, and in hindsight, Dr Lestrade made the right decision. He saw that I was very preoccupied with trying to analyse what had happened. My focus was not on the patient's recovery — it was on the events of the surgery."
John's brows have knitted together and he's leaning closer. "Then what's this, right here, then?
Andrew unravels the dressing covering the wad of gauze which has exerted pressure on the arterial puncture site. He cleans the wrist, checks that it doesn't start bleeding again, then covers it with a fresh, thin bandage.
, he thinks sarcastically.
Doctor Pichler looks thoughtful. "There are sacrifices you made so you could do your best to look after Sherlock. Your intentions were good, and you chose to make him your first priority. However, the decision you and George made not to have your daughter is consequently deeply connected to him. Your motives were understandable but, considering the current status of your relationship with Sherlock, would he understand why you would share such a piece of family history now?"
He won't complain, of course. Unlike many countries' healthcare systems, the PPDC is lucky to have sufficient stocks of such gear, even if this current batch seems to be some cheap, dodgy one. Nobody even knows where it was manufactured since there's no text printed on it. Black market sales of counterfeit, even dangerous protective medical gear has now become a reality in Europe, and even the Portuguese government got swindled by some entrepreneur selling non-existent equipment to the country crumbling under the crushing numbers of Covid-50 cases.
John waves him off. "No, no, it's fine. Worth the view. Sorry I made us blow off your reservation at that Michelin star place. It just felt like a waste of money when I can't really enjoy the food to its fullest."
John frowns so hard he is practically squinting. "Sherlock, wh––– Oh God. You really thought I'd go alone, didn't you? Didn't you read the invitation I left on the kitchen table?"
"Affirmative."
, Sherlock reminds himself, because it's still so hard to believe John would want to spend time with him like this. That someone would want him close even after making love. Not that he would have described many of his prior sexual experiences with those words. Before, they'd seemed saccharine, unrealistic, the stuff of deluded literary minds. Now, the word 'sex' seems too clinical, too detached for what he's doing with John.
"Not everyone could have done that; you should be proud of yourself. Can I ask you something?"
Sherlock shrugs. "I don't ask. It's not my fault, who or what he chooses."
, we had Rosie." He makes an odd sound — half a sardonic laugh, half a grunt. "It was over between us. We stuck together, but only on paper. I drank, yeah, but it didn't really affect my job, save for a few… errors. Nothing that would be on my record. I was just tired, pissed off, and distracted. Then came a week when I had some annual leave scheduled, and things… got out of hand. I was supposed to watch Rosie, Mary was headed to see her sister who'd had a stroke because of pre-eclampsia. Mary came home from work, she had a train ticket for late that evening, but I was… she saw the state I was in and told me that we needed to take Rosie to her parents because I wasn't in a fit state to look after her. I gave her hell for it, probably, since I can't remember much. Can't remember much of that Spring, actually. I remember she told me to fix the car seat––" John's voice breaks a bit.
The doorbell rings at eight in the morning, but John doesn't go downstairs to see who is attempting to come in. His ears had picked up on some commotion outside fifteen minutes earlier when he'd got out of bed to make coffee, and a glance through the window had revealed a gaggle of media swarming by the front door. They will not be given the time of day.
Sherlock wonders if this is the right time to make a proposal. Last night, he'd spent hours researching options the internet until he found something that struck him as just right. "Weather won't last long; autumn's coming," he suggests.
"What's the other question?"
________________
"The concept of modern psychological first aid after trauma involves, above all, helping a person regain a sense of emotional and physical safety, making them feel protected from being exposed to that same trauma again. Some people recover best when they're allowed to process what happened through discussing it early and extensively. Other individuals benefit most about being allowed to push it away until they're ready to start introducing those traumatic experiences into their thinking gradually. Judging by what I know about Sherlock, I think we will have the most success with the latter approach."
He lets go of Sherlock's hand, and the younger man hops off the exam table to retrieve his clothing. "Because the scaphoid is poorly vascularised as opposed to its neighbouring bones?" he asks John.
is listed on all those online lists I've perused — or a side effect of a diagnosis that I can't sleep right now.
This morning, however, he's got no time for that. Rather than curious about new cases, he's annoyed, because someone has shoehorned in an appointment on his sacred morning paperwork hour. Instead of a leisurely cup of coffee while reviewing patient files and checking his dictated surgical notes from yesterday, he'll be trying to diagnose and plan treatment for someone without so much as access to their prior medical records. There is nothing on the patient in their system, and he won't have time to provide the calisthenics to get access into their NHS records with mere minutes to spare.
"It's just as hideous as everyone says it is for adults, but I'm managing. Sherlock's been, well, himself. He was great at the beginning, sorted out the acute phase. He just gets so worked up about how he's supposed to help."
find out what people were saying about him, but whenever he read those vile things, he just felt worse. It was a habit he got stuck on, a form of self-flagellation that was dragging his already low mood down. John and Mycroft had been right to suggest that he needed some help in stopping tormenting himself.
, Mum. I do not decide who gets hit by a car and gets their head split open, who develops a tumour, or who is born with a part of their spinal cord outside their vertebral column. If a patient's injury is too devastating or their illness too advanced, I can't save them. I do hate having to decide who should be subjected to risky, complication-prone interventions in the OR and the intensive care after just because there's a marginal chance that they might get out of it alive. Some of them will end up doing nothing but staring at a ceiling in a care home for years."
Before Violet can once again complain about the graphic contents of the things her son says in casual conversation, George Holmes walks in and places a thin pile of correspondence and the parish newsletter on a side table. He gives his wife a peck on the cheek and his son a clap on a bony shoulder. "Forgot to bring in the mail yesterday; your mother kept me so busy all day, preparing."
He's been told that using capslock is one way of showing anger. His hands are shaky as he types up a reply, anger flooding in again. If John didn't do and say things that question his integrity, there would be no
Sherlock skulks back in, too, on the trail of the now funereal procession. "We should at least…" he trails out, biting his lip. He looks distant, attention fixed on the dying young woman on the trolley. "We need to try," he pleads John.
Andrew's eyes fix on the registrar who nods quickly. "Let's pull the tube," the doctor authorises. "I think he's surfaced well enough."
He can hear pots and pans clattering in the kitchen as well as the radio which often serves as the background noise to his mother's cooking. His father is out; Sherlock has a faint recollection that he was supposed to help with the booth construction at Walstead House. Violet probably thinks Sherlock should come downstairs and waste time on small talk, Sherlock doesn't have anything he would want to discuss with her. As a teenager, he often shut her out when she was being irritating.
, but what else? They gave me no guarantees of anything. I should have asked more questions, but most likely I would have still chosen to go through with it."
George has puttered off to the hall, presumably to hang up his wax coat and kick off his wellingtons.
“Where are you?” Harry asks.
"Right." The question lingers on the tip of John's tongue:
"Do you feel empathy towards Mr Fairholme?" asks the chairman.
“An acquaintance.”
_________________
"Have you considered he took them as a way to tell you things?" she asks.
"I'm talking to
"It really bothers you," Sherlock says quietly, rubbing his bare arms with his palms. He won't look at John.
Sherlock is barely inside the door. The backs of his heels are still on the linoleum of the hallway, his toes on the worn carpet of the office. "Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself. I can't adopt some sort of an
She seems to be studying John's expression in reaction to this; her scrutiny is not intrusive, but it does make John slightly uncomfortable. His cheeks warm a bit, and he turns to face the kitchen sink to fill the kettle. "Edgar's just… a lot. But he's very good at what he does, and he's made our home life a lot easier."
________________
bit that gives him pause.
"Most likely the investigation won't have wrapped up by the time those two months end," John points out.
"There are, yes, one of them a drug used to treat nicotine addiction, but I doubt the physicians here would approve of it in his state. Plus, as you are likely aware, it would render the opioids he's on for pain management useless. I've already asked the intensivist to exchange whatever they were using before as an anti-nausea agent for tropisetrone."
analogous to the Work, and having an acceptable reference person and knowledge that a group of above-average minds took
Sherlock has never quite grasped how to tell when symbolic value is enough in a gift, or when favours and services rendered should be met with a more worthy offering.
"The mounds near Tuquoy Bay you told me about."
"I assure you that speaking with you is much better and more rewarding a use of my time than continuing to list my dead godmother's book collection on Ebay," she tells him.
"Has it been worth it so far, this life you've chosen?" Violet asks.
What follows is an interrogation. This John Watson seems to have deduced that Sherlock needs all the help he can get to manage in his new residence and starts going through a list of things he thinks are needed for that. Have you got this, have you got that…
Sherlock notices that John is wearing his old bathrobe. It's snug on John's form but too long.
John jogs downstairs after receiving a message from Joanna that she'll soon be at the front door. He's asked her to text instead of ringing the bell, hoping that Sherlock might sleep a bit longer, allowing John to pick her brain some more. When he opens the door, the psychiatrist slips in amidst the chaos of reporters trying to shove themselves into the building after her.
John shrugs. "I guess I wanted you to see the place. Though I won't get to parade you around as my arm candy––"
"Such as?"
. I tried to call but his number but it keeps going to voicemail. Transfer me."
John raises a brow. Just one. "So this
muscle relaxant = a type of drug used to facilitate intubating patients and to allow surgeons to operate on organs without the patient’s muscle tone making things technically challenging
John isn't smiling. He had protested some of the bits of Sherlock's speech he's seen where he felt that Sherlock was putting himself down.
, but this isn't how he's supposed to look –– not him, not ever. Six bags of fluids and blood products are hanging from a pole, infusing into his pale form. He's covered from the waist down, a long dressing covering his entire sternum with three thick drains snake out from underneath. He's intubated, of course he is, you knew he would be, but it's still jarring because it's the most unmistakable sign that he's very poorly. Or is he? You drink in the number and graphs dancing on the monitor and on the screen of the intensive care respirator, frustrated and desperate to decipher them.
Lestrade purses his lips. "I don't know what you want, exactly. I've made sure Zezelj has received and will receive the best possible care. That's all any surgeon could have done."
, merely keeping an eye on things. I'm still not convinced this is a sensible plan."
"Tedious."
(with Elldotsee) —
," Holmes informs him.
[alternate universe scifi epic based on Pacific Rim but requiring no knowledge of that source material, johnlock]
"Let's take a moment to look a little closer at that statement. You see it as John's fault, as his failing, that he has chosen you as a partner? That things in which your relationship performance is not satisfactory should be seen as his punishment for a poor choice of husband? Does that not absolve you of any responsibility to put in an effort to improve and maintain a good relationship?"
yourself to be looked after? I cannot tell which concept you find more disagreeable."
been through hard patches before, worse than we had lately, right?"
"Yes, vaguely. I was given a tablet of something about half an hour before that. I assume it was a sedative?"
"Tired," he mutters into the duvet he's pulled up to his chin. He turns to face John so that he can slip a hand into John's hair and twiddle strands of it in his fingers. Maybe he's fascinated by the colour and texture because they are so different from his own soft, meticulously coiffed dark ringlets. "You have more grey than last year."
"You had to listen to them for over a week." You notice he's sweaty, though it's quite chilly. "Sherlock? You alright?"
"No, I don't think so."
"There's a computer in the visitor centre you can use for a pound an hour," Emma calls after him.
? John knows about that year when you spent some time at the psychiatric ward."
The patient's brainstem was being crushed by intracranial pressure. If the pressure cannot be lowered, brain matter will eventually begin to squeeze out of the skull's natural holes.
…to be particularly emotionally devastated:
"I received a caution for failing to show up to work at The National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, that is all."
"Probably for the best. It probably spread epidemics." Sherlock is thinking of the Broad Street pump, a medical London landmark commemorating a cholera epidemic and its extinguishing by a clever pioneering epidemiologist by the name of John Snow with his trusty sidekick. "Why are we here? I assume there is a reason we're not in your office."
"In their jacket pocket? While en route to a work assignment? Don't be preposterous, John."
Sherlock uses tiny patches of gauze with long, thin threads to make sure not even a single minuscule vessel in the surrounding structures is trickling blood, and then prepares to retreat. He takes his instruments out of the brain, stretches his neck, requests some juice with a straw. Then, he draws a few slow, deep breaths. To John, he looks a tiny bit incredulous — sceptical, even — that it's nearly over, that all he needs to do is close up.
"They told me at the ward to come up here. They said there was a note in Sherlock's file to allow–– oh, John, how is he? Is there a complication? Is that why they moved him?"
"What does Lestrade think? Does he just want to bury this under the floorboards?"
If the Brinavess won't work, then anaesthesia and an electric cardioversion has to be discussed again.
"Because there's nothing that I wasn't experiencing before that call shift."
"Flight went alright, at least?" He asks just as Sherlock gets off the bed and disappears from view again.
, wouldn't it?
,' John would have said, shook his hand but not let go. '
He wonders if he should give John a roundabout explanation — to mention their relationship problems after Afghanistan and decides against it. John has owned up to and apologised, sincerely, for what happened after Afghanistan. John had gone to therapy to confront his PTSD and his more destructive coping mechanisms. There is no need to drag him through the mud again. He's demonstrated he wants to do right by Sherlock, and Sherlock wants to repay him in kind by not punishing him further. No, what he's processing with Pichler regarding those days is connected to
"During my first year as a neurosurgical SpR – that's
"The longer you say out, the more you lose your grip and your routine."
"I can't, so I won't."
blamed me. Didn't think I could just stick around. Couldn't stick around. Asked a mate to pack my clothes. The house, our house, is still in Hampstead. They've probably cut off electricity by now."
said this out loud, but sometimes I wonder if the price is too high for him to pay for this profession. I've even thought that sometimes when there isn't a crisis on. Maybe he could have had an easier life doing something else."
"Sherlock, he's in
He asks about the scars on my back — I'd forgot about them as he embraced me, the pain they still cause like a thunder in the distance dulled by the shock that he wasn't walking away. He asks to see them and taking my jacket and shirt off turns out to make me feel less naked than uttering those three terrifying letters had been.
There's something about that sigh that seems to betray that patient and therapist both are feeling the impact of whatever they have spent nearly two hours talking about.
— Leonard Cohen
He realises he's still got his coat on. John's brow is raised, and he has a slight smile that's likely caused by amusement over something Sherlock has or hasn't done or said.
He scans the audience before continuing. They have not lost their interest yet. If anything, their curiosity seems to have increased now that the tedium of waiting for him to start is over.
. For the sake of storytelling, the timeline for Sherlock's process will be expedited as opposed to how long these things take in real life. It may well take about a year from an interim order to a Tribunal, during which a doctor cannot work if their interim order forbids it.
Sherlock looks unconvinced.
"It's not him," you say, but you can't answer with more than a shrug to his sceptically inquisitive look regarding the precise identity of the visitor.
You glance at the monitors. Very few extrasystolic beats, systolic blood pressure well above a hundred with a minimal noradrenaline infusion. The levosimendan is still infusing, but the milrinone has been stopped. Sherlock is young and his heart is in good condition. An older, frailer individual would probably not be demanding a cigarette at this stage.
Victor had laughed at him when he'd said that, though. "
[unilock, different first meeting, science]
"You don't get as cross with her as you do with me when I try to get you to talk about stuff. It's obvious you trust her. It's kind of her job to help you work stuff out."
It makes sense, now, why he'd decline even a short GA. Nothing frightens him more than not knowing something, not being able to logic his way out of a messy tangle of emotions. "Why is it so important to know everything that happened? Why do you want to remember?"
"I didn't, no."
"You've been playing since you were a kid?"
"No, it was not considered. The neurologists asked my opinion so that it could be ruled out."
"We got some emails at King's asking is the Trust could sell off some of our stock to some company owned by the state of Missouri. Sounds like they're pretty desperate."
"Very possessive of you."
"I'm just tired."
John shifts the phone to his other ear, alarmed. "Yeah?"
"We hit another car," John says. "All I got was a concussion. Mary and––" he breathes out, "yeah."
? Has he insulted all the parents in the audience with such a clinical manner of speaking?
His eyes are closed. "I can hear yours," he mutters quietly. "And I think you're having some extra beats."
A sickening pity and overwhelming affection making your own heart pound in your ears, you watch as Sherlock rips off the last of the bandage.
"People don't judge us for our medical decisions, they judge us for the things you're always been good at and at which I am a failure."
A loud crash can be heard from upstairs, followed by what sound like bare feet pacing around.
He can see now that there are four people in the RIB — how preposterous to send so many, assuming the danger is over. Mycroft would never assume he'd hesitate to return, so why send a whole platoon of operatives just to make sure he puts on his life vest?
Or are they? There is an odd intimacy in inspecting deceased victims of violent crimes, in interviewing live ones, of sharing the sort of high that John realises he can only achieve on the battlefield of war or the battlefield that London becomes when he walks its streets with Sherlock Holmes.
John is instructed to meet him at the holding unit's information desk. It's only a twenty-minute wait until a rattled-looking Sherlock is escorted there by a female uniformed officer. After he pays the fine and signs some paperwork, his belongings are returned in a sealed plastic bag. He seems to be taking extra care in putting his belt back on and buttoning up his jacket. His face shines with sweat; John wonders if it's from nerves.
"He missed yesterday's M&M and today's consultants' meeting," Lestrade says.
"Is something the matter? I must say you're in a dreadful mood."
"May I ask how John is recovering from his surgery?"
Sherlock'.
," Victor announced, strapping his armpit holster back on.
In the end, Rosie catches something at daycare and is vomiting profusely in the morning. We couldn't bring ourselves to turf looking after her to Mrs Hudson — who knows what gastroenteritis at her age could cause.
The pulmonologist writes me a prescription while I try to swallow around my still lidocaine-numbed throat.
"Yeah, we often had to assist locals and other units in investigating war crimes or deaths in service since there was no real forensic infrastructure in Afghanistan."
John counts seconds while he has to finish chewing. "I don't mean we have to do anything tonight. I was just… thinking of you."
Preparing for last Friday's meningioma removal by reviewing his notes and the MRI had taken two hours instead of twenty minutes, and he'd woken up at four in the morning to do all that. The alarm hadn't gone off — his brain just hadn't even shut off the previous evening, too preoccupied with anticipating difficulties at work. But he won't tell this to Lestrade.
Standing in his home study, visible through the doorway which connects it to the library, Mycroft makes two phone calls.
"Not with her odds, they don't." John opens his arms and to his surprise, instead of rising to his feet starting to pace since his anxiety is visibly rising, Sherlock arranges himself into his arms, cheek on John's shoulder and his arms around John's waist.
The television has not been switched on; no book has been picked up. The two Holmeses and John have held vigil in the sitting room, exchanging occasional stilted comments. After two rounds of whisky Mycroft had replaced the cork on the bottle, muttering something about moderation being important in emotional fortification.
. "I read. Play the violin."
"I think he does know, Sherlock. He might be just as nervous as you are about how you will feel about the trip and how it will go. Your presence could, perhaps, lend him confidence as well to be in that environment as an openly bisexual man."
after he got his heart stopped, for fuck's sake!
He can't tell.
Laura Arthur is one of King’s College’s consultant traumatologists. We got to know her in “Scar Tissue”; she was the one who condemned Sherlock to a halo vest for months to fix a cervical fracture.
"Stop acting like an idiot," he tells John. "You keep lecturing all the surgical and anaesthesia registrars that mismanaged acute pain is a risk factor for chronic pain problems. Walk the walk."
Violet surprises herself with the burning anger that bursts into flame like a match being struck. "I said no, and he had to respect that, because I told him the only way we could have managed was if he had stopped working, too, and pulled his weight. He wouldn't, so that left us with only one option."
Even though there are complications with John's reserved nature, things are still better than they were with Victor. John has a way of banishing that churning resentment, that fruitless frustration Sherlock has carried for Victor who cannot be yelled at or pushed away any longer. Not that Sherlock would have done such a thing. Had Victor crawled out of the grave and rang the doorbell, Sherlock would have welcomed him back — until he set foot on Westray and began to question a great many things.
John feels pathetic: pathetic in his need for comfort, Sherlock is clearly not in the mood for, pathetic for his inability to put some gentle but firm emotional boot down and redirect the derailing train of Sherlock's brain in crisis to the right track. Sherlock is looking at him as though he's speaking a foreign language, and he might as well be.
He knows fish anatomy, of course — he'd studied it as a part of his biology classes at school, and he had revised that knowledge last year to solve a case involving a sapphire ring and a decorative carp. He can tell apart the premaxilla from the maxilla and dentary bones, identify the brachiostegal rays and visualise the opercular, but he doesn't quite know how to–––
Sherlock's hands clamp like a vice to the edges of the bed and with an agonised groan, he turns to his side and then pushes himself to a sitting position. "I'm done here."
our relationship by working with Joanna, I would never judge you for needing her help, or think you weak or defective or anything like that. I needed Molly because I didn't know how to do this, either: I didn't know how to talk to you, how to hammer it into my fucking idiot brain that, unless we learned to talk to each other, we'd never stand a chance of staying together. I said the wrong thing; not even the right thing by phrasing it wrong, but the
"––conscious recollection of events," Sherlock finishes impatiently.
Surgeons don't like losing because it means that their patients lose, too. And even when the whole war is won, losing individual battles can still sting, because the people who choose surgery as a career don't tend to accept
"Have you… waited long?" Sherlock asks.
"We give him time," Mycroft said sternly. "You cannot force these things with him."
"I'm not insisting on anything! I just don't understand why I'm the focus here, not the patient!"
"Sherlock…" John breathes out his name just to have something to say because he finds himself quite speechless.
Victor never judged him for the cocaine. Or the other substances he indulged in. It was because that was one thing they had in common. A shared bad habit Victor was good at concealing from his superiors, Mycroft included. Or perhaps they knew and turned a blind eye since stimulants had been actively doled out by armies in the past to help soldiers function past normal human limits of endurance.
"The media are always about hyperbole. About heroes and villains and making things sound as simple as fairytales so that everyone could understand the stories. It'll all blow over soon."
Violet feels a sudden need to demand the doctor's confidence, to ask for an assurance that her words will stay between them, but refrains because that comes with the territory of Doctor Pichler's profession, does it not? The last thing Violet wants to appear to be is some irrational hysteric.
? Not
"Could you grab a couple of those marker buoys?" John asks. "The small white styrofoam ones?"
"Just dizzy. Stop fussing," he warns you both.
"What do you expect me to do with all this, then? Be angry at him? Accuse him of things? He's not
He does remember one quote from an article. A GP had been interviewed about his experiences as the subject of an investigation.
"Care to explain why, then?"
John had said several times. If only.
____________________
"Some things he said did seem to be an attempt to dispel certain impression he'd created with his behaviour in Bastion, yes."
"Of course."
"Yeah," John says and yawns.
Once in the flat, he skims the note left by John on the fridge door reminding him that there are pasta leftovers in a container and steak salad in another.
are pretty loaded for you after, well, after having all that forced on you when you grew up. But I want to think it's different between us. That you could believe that I'm here because I want to be. That it's good for me, for us, when you don't keep me in the dark. It doesn't mean giving up or being defective if you accept help, but I know how hard it's to accept that."
"Have you done your homework?" Joanna asks him.
Sherlock felt like his biting tone merely nipped at his brother's proverbial heels like a terrier unwilling to accept the size difference of it and its owner, and the frustration made him feel even worse. Trust Mycroft Holmes to shame him for giving a toss if someone lived or died.
John's eyes go wide — he is well and truly baffled. There is no brain left to be saved — some of it has squeezed out of the natural openings in the skull after the pressure inside that bony basket rose too high to sustain life.
"No, we're good for a while," John assures the registrar. "I'm going up to admin. Call me if there's anything," John says. "We'll have a chat later," he adds, realising it would probably do a world of good for them both to vent about what they've just seen.
"Depressing, crisis and anxiety promote self-absorbance, but it's transient. When our emotional and mental reserves run out, we have little concern for the feelings or internal landscapes of others. Sherlock is not saying things that irritate or anger you deliberately — he is signalling his distress. Granted, he has some propensity for drama––" Joanna smiles.
The monitor above him on a shelf begins to emit a warning. Not an emergency one, though — just something to alert that he's approaching tachycardic. Sinus rhythm, though. The BP which has cycled several minutes before shows a perfectly normal reading and you reach up to mute the warnings for two minutes. There is no change in his oxygen saturation which remains normal, yet you can hear his breathing is off. It's shallow, fast, ragged.
"Let them work, Sherlock."
Still, there is cause for celebration. He's not out of the woods yet — complications could still arise, but he's awake, the surgery's done. Suddenly, you're all giddy about that. You have your best friend, your partner, your
destructive coping mechanisms."
"There's no need for an extra ITU yet."
"Are they going in? Did the staff get out? Where is the guy?" John fires off.
"How am I supposed to create one if he won't talk?" John casts a frustrated glance at the bedroom door.
"Yes, thank you," he says.
George clears his throat. "Shall we head off to The Five Bells for lunch tomorrow, spare Vi from cooking all that on the side everything she's doing for the garden party?"
"Yeah, sure," John promises. "
Sherlock has gotten himself injured (again). Will John come to his rescue?
weekend, but never mind that. You didn't bring this on yourself."
"And?"
"When did the nightmares and the anxiety start?"
Sherlock is annoyed with himself, more than he is with John.
"I'm on call tomorrow," Sherlock points out. "Didn't Edgar program that into your calendar?"
"With caffeine or with cocaine?"
There's a snort from a very newly minted female ENT consultant. "I wouldn't kick him out of bed. Shame he's gay."
"I don't need you to keep reminding me of him," Sherlock tells him. He's retreated a bit towards the opposite end of the sofa, picked up a pillow and arranged it on his lap like a shield.
"You're not his surgeon. I am."
Worry pounds the rhythm of John's heartbeat in his ears as he watches the two Holmes brothers walk out onto the tarmac towards the plane waiting there.
John sighs. "I know. And I know you'll do what you can––"
? He's not sure. What even were the possible scenarios that could have ended like this, and how could he have achieved them? Panic and lingering arousal are now inseparable; the tide had taken him and he's swimming for his life trying to work out what to say, what to do. He had braced his forearms against the wall, and he now leans his forehead against it as well.
"That's good and expected. Your blood's not back-washing into your lungs anymore."
When John gets home, carrying a grocery bag, Sherlock is standing by his music stand, scribbling something into the sheet music placed there. This morning, before John could no longer stand being in the flat, he'd been screeching out of his violin something even more hideous than the piece Joanna had recognised.
John swallows the rest of his glass of water. "How was I supposed to know that idiot was the barkeep's brother? If I want to go to a pub now, it'll have to be the one they run a few nights a week for the old folks. It’s not too bad, though, and I'm wicked at bridge."
"I don't understand."
"That doesn't mean what you think it means."
Thank you all who shared this journey with me and our desperate, damaged men. May they find some happiness together. A particular thanks goes out to those who assisted in and supported the creation of this tale.
In court, John had heard what had happened in the operating theatre. He'd seen the surveillance camera tapes and heard the testimonies of other staff members present. Fairholme had been drunk when he walked into King's College Hospital with a gun. No sensible conversation had been possible with him. In the OR, Sherlock had tried to reason with him, tried to explain himself, but it had taken him some time to even remember which patient they were discussing, and that had angered Fairholme even more. Sherlock had refused to stop operating because he was at a stage where he couldn't let the dural sack dry up, and he needed to cauterise small bleeds so that he could see the surgical field. When Fairholme had approached the operating table, it threatened to compromise the sterile field, so Sherlock had grabbed the scalpel he'd used to make the skin incision and stabbed him in the arm; John's heart had swelled with pride when he'd seen that CCTV footage in court. That attempt by Sherlock to protect the patient on the table had made Fairholme fire the weapon again. Fairholme had looked a bit stunned when he'd realised that he'd hit the scrub nurse, and that's when the police had stormed the OR.
Has Ardle had friends, once? A wife? Perhaps that wife could not take the long, cold, dark winters and retreated to mainland. Perhaps those friends are dead. Or perhaps Angus Ardle is married to his work, like Sherlock.
"Do go on, I haven't got all day," Sherlock prompts the supervising nurse who reads out the rest of the timeout list. They establish that the patient's MRI has been brought up on the large screen on the wall, anaesthesia states that everything is stable and there are no special considerations at their end. The patient has hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia, but neither is complicating matters right now. What had complicated matters, however, were the two cerebral aneurysms which needed to be treated by an interventional radiologist before this tumour operation could be attempted. One had been filled with platinum coils and the other fixed with a flow-diverted stent.
"Sherlock," Collings nods, then focuses on John and offers his hand. "And you must be the patient."
“No,” Sherlock had protested. “Don’t worry about that, now. It's not important. I can quit. I don't need the patches.”
There is a bed in the corner of the second room. He doesn't want to even think about how many humans have marinated the old spring mattress with their bodily fluids. Inspecting the state of the sheets left in under the illumination from the flashlight does not entice. He coils himself down onto the bed without even taking off his coat.
"Like all the rest."
"I wasn't saying you have it, just illustrating what a life-altering event this is, and how normal it is to need time to adjust to it," Marsh explains.
John says his name, his false name, and Sherlock is too lost to correct him. His hands, his mouth, it's not enough to touch all of John, yet he must try. He's hard, straining against his trousers and grateful that his cock is not confined by pants as well. Every kiss, every touch, every push, every grind and every press against John's form is like a wave hitting harder and higher and higher.
"We're only human, Mother," Sherlock points out. "If the patient had needed the emergency operation then yes, we would have sighed in frustration and messaged you that we'd be late. However, despite that annoyance, we would have done the operation to the best standards of the NHS."
He should be more alarmed by this mystery, but what most worries him is that he cannot summon the energy to care.
"You need to cut in next to the spine; if you cut open the belly first as usual, you'll ruin cod meat. It's just a muddy mess inside instead of stuff being organised very neatly like in many other species," John rattles off in a tone that signals he truly assumes Sherlock is familiar with all this.
"You went to see her. Without an appointment, I might add. She won't think it polite."
When Sherlock finally stops struggling in his grip, Andrew steps back, lets you take over. "I'll call the respiratory therapist and his ITU doc. I think we can extubate."
to report on the content of the suspect's right-wing nonsense because it would have gained him followers. Here, Fairholme's lawyer can say whatever they want in court and to the press, and they lap it up as gospel," John complains.
"At your house."
"How'd you feel if your patient's husband told you that at the outpatient clinic?" John asks, "that they were going to be breathing down your neck?"
[autism, family secrets, mental health, serious illness, developing johnlock, casefic]
Doctor Pichler's smile widens. "I very much agree. I know it's difficult to just take my word for it, but I believe very strongly that John would feel honoured to be your trusted person for sharing your feelings. I bet he has noticed how difficult it is for you to approach him with such things."
Sherlock doesn't. After some more coaxing, he at least drags himself out of bed, swipes at his eyes and, with movements that look frighteningly automatic, puts on the black suit John had picked. He exists as though his mind has removed himself from the flat completely, left just a shell behind. That black suit has always been form-flattering, but now it's loose. Sherlock, always lithe, never had any extra weight to spare, so even a minor loss shows. John thinks about Mycroft's personal chef who makes everything taste like ambrosia and that fact helps him convince himself momentarily that this is the right thing to do in so many ways.
"I am sorry, brother mine."
"You're also oversocialised."
HIV has been around since the eighties. I could have caught it during any of the time I betrayed my principles of condoms and never sharing needles. I could have caught it at any time when I didn't care whether I lived or died.
You drop the plastic bag of toiletries and clothing you're carrying on the visitor chair and get close to the bed.
Resolute to find solace in Andrew's promises, you manage to nod off as you sink into the old, soft sofa. Your body is so confused by the battering it's taken in the last twenty-four hours that, when you wake up to someone shaking your shoulder, you have no idea whether you have slept for six minutes or six hours. Your limbs are as heavy as your lids, and you're cold, chilled down to the bone. This is how you always felt when jolting awake to the sound of the phone when you were on call as a trainee surgeon. There is a sense of illness and decay that clings to you like cold sweat, and the last thing you want to do is uncoil from your makeshift bed and face whatever is intruding on much-needed rest.
"You're still allowed to worry about the cost and be disappointed that it was harder than you thought."
happened to be on the spectrum as well. After some hemming and hawing, John had answered affirmatively, and confessed later to Sherlock how guilty he felt about agreeing to discuss it with a colleague. Sherlock had surprised both of them by not being all that upset about it. Not at all, in fact. He'd discussed this with Joanna and realised that something had shifted, parted the veil of shame he'd kept draped around himself for decades.
There will be one more part in this series. That final one was drafted years ago, and I have kept postponing its publication since these medical husband idiots kept insisting that they had more adventures to share with you all. What started as a simple one-off AU romp created while I did a Christmas cleaning expanded into truly a universe of its own, with many absolutely vital contributions from 7percentsolution.
"It depends on who that patient at A&E is. If he somehow starts blaming himself again, I'd say it's pretty damned likely he'll push away anything that focuses on him. You know what he's like!"
"You fell off and hit your head," John says, scrambling off the bed. "I'll get some tissues and a plaster and a bit of disinfectant. I don't think you'll need stitches."
"Mister Holmes… You say mistake. Is this why I get letter for patent station?"
Perhaps it's that final word, or your desperately pleading tone, or the fact that you've now wedged yourself between him and the wardrobe that makes him halt. He sways a bit, and you grab hold of his arms.
"Hi," John beams at him now, dropping his bag on the concrete before opening his arms.
"He had excellent taste in music," Sherlock comments, lifting out a Deutsche Grammophon recording from 1975 of Beethoven symphonies conducted by Carlos Kleiber. Kleiber had rarely participated in recording anything, and that particular album is legendary. Mycroft has a copy.
"Thankfully, yes."
Edgar is sitting by the kitchen table, on the phone via large headphones with an inbuilt microphone. John has no idea how he can concentrate while Sherlock is playing, and is surprised to find the PA in the flat.
John settles into his usual armchair, perches the laptop on the armrest and places his whisky tumbler on the side table. Then, he tries to open another FaceTime video call again.
"Besides, I think Violet really wants to spend some time with you. And we wouldn't want to disappoint the village council, would we?" John says with a grin.
John points to his computer. "Can you show me?"
The agent accompanying him was none other than Victor. He was no medic, and his first priority was securing the premises and strapping Sherlock into a lightweight, bulletproof vest. Victor had pulled the straps so tight that Sherlock had yelped from pain. After they received the all-clear six hours later, Victor had helped him out of his vest, out of his shirt, and danced his fingers down Sherlock's ribs. Sherlock has never liked a very gentle touch; it makes his skin crawl, but with Victor it was either that when he assumed Sherlock needed to be treated like a frightened ewe, or too rough when he got carried away. "
"He's always been so resentful. I don't think he's interested in understanding anything about me — just exacting some manner of revenge on what he sees as my foul deeds. As you must have noticed, he can be so very obstinate."
, relaxing? This, I have to see."
Lestrade's brows raise. He looks like his patience is about to drain. After working under the man for years, Sherlock has learned to spot the signs. "You're already good at what you do. Hell, you're great, outstanding even, but if you start treating an honest mistake as both something that shouldn't be possible in your practice and decide it must then be some sort of a supernatural event that could strike at any moment, you're going to become risk-averse. And that's not the Sherlock Holmes I know. I've seen the process many times where a surgeon gets too afraid of mistakes to even operate, and that process may not be reversible."
"I must admit reading your blog, John," Marsh says, "the name Sherlock Holmes is quite unusual, so I couldn't help googling it."
swallowed me whole in terms of enthusiasm, so I hope the end result of that and this latest chapter with soothe the sting of unanswered comments section communique.
She catches him glancing at his watch. "We have as much time as you need. As it happens, you are my last appointment of the day."
"I promise," Andrew replies confidently. "He needs your energy since he won't have any."
"Lawyers repel me," Sherlock scoffs.
Mr Zezelj looks to be thinking hard. "Yes, he say only one bleed from ane--an--"
"Nothing." And that is the gist of the problem. He'd wasted his heart, let it burn to cinders and scatter to the winds, and has nothing to show for what he's gone through.
"I suppose."
"I can do whatever I want, despite what you people think.
Sherlock realises this is going to haunt him the rest of the day. Maybe he really
"What?" he asks after an odd delay, looking completely lost when he looks up to face John's scrutiny. "No," he then dismisses after making some deductions based on what he's read there. "That's not…
It's a good thing you don't give in to that because, after just half a cup of cold water, he throws up which exacerbates the pain. All his reserves are spent on recovering from surgery, so GI tract function is not a priority.
"Does she know that you're… have you spoken with her about all this?"
Grey dots dance, then stop. Dance again, then stop.
"I don't like this," Sherlock says, and surprises himself. "Small talk. Not having an agenda for a phone call. I don't know what you expect of me."
"What do you mean, 'why'? John is there to represent himself, to represent his regiment, to see people he considers important. He'll want to look good, especially after having been invalided out of his last deployment."
"Live and learn. He's not perfect either, is he, but you have never expected him to be," Joanna points out.
Sherlock is already there. "I remember being awake, but I couldn't hear or see or feel anything."
"Thanks, Mycroft."
ill or injured must have been, well, a tribulation nobody deserves to have on their responsibility.
"I like that," he says, "whtrverrr it is."
that night when he threw out the meth and the cocaine that it would never be him again. But, like his autism, the addiction cannot be uprooted. It's always there, mocking him, circulating in his veins, short-circuiting his neurons out of just futile hope that he might indulge, tripping him up even though it's not fair he should always be stumbling through life trying to keep up with others.
"Woke up disoriented, trying to get rid of all the monitoring," Andrew says. "Waiting for the sedative to kick back in."
"He was sitting on the ground," Donovan says disapprovingly. "Didn't look like he was going to make it in time for the arrest." It sounds like she is trying to explain why she'd ever deign to offer Sherlock Holmes a ride.
Sherlock hums affirmatively and takes off his glasses, slips them into the case in his jacket pocket. "She had breast cancer a few years back adding to reasons why she wouldn't have been a donor candidate even without the age and sundry. Judging by the CT, there wasn't much gas-exchanging surface left in her lungs due to emphysema. Even if I had suffered some sort of a stroke myself, causing the sort of acute insanity that would have made me want to take her to theatre, it's likely your lot would have told me she wasn't eligible for GA with those lungs. After I got tired of arguing with the idiot neuro reg I called his consultant who was competent enough to stop faffing about and negotiate her a spot on the neurology ward."
Sherlock is outstanding at hiding his emotions — except when it's John who delivers the devastation.
"Like I said, there was too much old damage. We resected that tissue so that there would be less of a risk for future endocarditis. He's not an active user now, is he?"
He has no idea how to answer that question. He knows those journal articles are describing his situation, that they offer tangible research data on how others faced with a GMC process have felt and what things they have found useful or detrimental in surviving the ordeal. Sherlock just can't connect them to himself. It's always been difficult for him to name his emotions, to mirror them against those of others. Most of the time right now he doesn't think he feels anything at all and giving that void a name feels impossible.
"I don't think you should be getting up. You've only just gone to the hall and back today," you point out, omitting the fact that he went there under supervision of a physical therapist and with the help of the walker that's now parked by the door.
John thanks her profusely.
Violet sighs. "No, I suppose not. He wouldn't treat her as a sibling because she never… She never
"To tell me what?"
Back in the day, they used to stage HIV appointments in back rooms, side buildings with separate, concealed entrances. Now, those patients are treated like anyone else, except that sometimes, they have their own units such as this one. Instead of walking out, I sit in the corridor and watch the people moving past. Which ones of them have it, and which ones are here as family members? Can I deduce it from the hunch of their shoulders, from the way they glance at others, from the way they carefully select a seat far away from the right appointment room door even if it hasn't been marked with any kind of a sign?
Sherlock emerges, carding his fingers through his damp hair with a disgusted grunt. "I need my own products. That shampoo is like spreading napalm on my follicles."
He's breathing a bit heavier than before, clearly winded, and quickly makes his way to the bed, dropping down to sit on the edge. After an apprehensive glance at you, you see him go a bit pale and lean forward as though wanting to put his head between his knees.
"Sherlock, listen. It sounds as though those are times when
"Coming right up, John," a nurse without a tabard informs him, and sidesteps around him to connect an infuser pump into the central line.
"Favouring quick operative fixes is why you're a surgeon and not a specialist in a conservative specialty," Holmes points out.
"Actually, the swelling is severe enough and extends downwards to warrant this being done in the OR, plus a bilateral abscess — especially with a history of frequent tonsillitis episodes within the last year — fulfils easily the criteria for an urgent tonsillectomy."
______________
"No. I don't need an outsider to tell me when and how I need to talk to my husband," John says firmly…
“Ah, the lab results came through. Makes sense, then, to continue inpatient treatment.” Sherlock accepts the reasoning, but he doesn't
, John thinks.
"Did they remove the tube?"
"They couldn't say for sure before getting to the playing field. I think." You can't recall all the details of today's conversations; you'd been too focused on observing Sherlock reacting to them.
, then there is the fear of what this means for his career, worries about possible litigation. He hates sitting in court even as just a witness but in this case, he'd be the accused.
A suit jacket lands on the bed but Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. "Yes, yes, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth, do keep up." He then re-appears and sits down on the bed to unlace his leather oxfords. "The first room they tried to foist on me had this eyesore of an art panel above the bed, dark red and messy and distracting. They changed me to one of the Gold rooms, instead, after I complained, but the second keycard wouldn't work."
, you know?"
"No, no, not at all. In fact, I may have thwarted a problem."
Impatient, Sherlock cuts in. "This is John Watson, age thirty-nine, no allergies and no regular medications; occasional use of one-month courses of pantoprazole for stress reflux. Few prior ENT complains before last year; since an acute tonsillitis in November, he's had at least three other episodes of throat pain necessitating antibiotics and at least one of them has presented with cultures positive for Strep A with the last twelve months. Prior to that, there have been several culture-positive tonsillites. He's experienced intermittent pain when swallowing this week, and there's been generalised malaise for at least four days. Today, he presents with bilateral peritonsillar swelling worse on the right side, severe pain when swallowing, hoarseness, lymphadenopathy and fever. I suspect a peritonsillar abscess based on my examination, which is why we're here."
there even a doctor on this island?" Sherlock asks.
milrinone and levosimendan = medications which are inotropes, meaning that they try to increase the heart’s contractility aka the ability of the heart muscle to pump
He goes to the sofa, pats the spot next to him. Sherlock joins him there, draping the dressing gown artfully over his knees which he tucks underneath him. The floor is draughty and his feet are bare.
"Much of what we have discussed and processed regarding your mother has to do with acknowledgement, for having a safe space to express your feelings and to decide that your pain deserves acknowledgement. Even if you never speak with John about these things, knowing that you have the right to think they are important things to process should help."
"It could have bled even if I had been very careful, yes. But I was not quite as careful as I should have been, and that is why I believe the result could have been better."
He pointedly averts his haze and begins scanning the small park. There are several old headstones, even a couple of old stone graves scattered along the paths shielded by mature weeping willows.
"I thought you'd dozed off. What is illogical, love?" John asks and rearranges the sheet and duvet so that it covers both of them better.
This is the last communication from John; he doesn't respond to the 'sleep well' from Sherlock.
Sherlock loosens his grip just enough to snatch John's entire hand into his own. "You'd better sit back down, then. We should discuss the practicalities over some brandy." He feels achingly giddy and painfully nervous at the same time. In fact, he feels exactly as he'd felt when he'd kissed a boy for the first time. As he'd felt when he'd cracked his first case. As he'd felt when he'd seen John Watson for the first time.
You give his shoulder a squeeze, then slowly retreat your hand. "I don't think so. You might think I should go, but I don't want to. And that's my choice, not yours."
He glares at her. "For your ridiculous soiree tomorrow. Don't tell me
Sherlock slides his warm palm onto John's bare chest under the sheet, splays his fingers. His thumb ghosts over John's nipple in the process. He continues stroking down the plane on John's abdominal muscles, then towards his flank, finally resting on his hipbone. His finger hooks underneath the waist of John's boxers. "Can we…"
Then again, if they’d been dragged here suddenly and without any possessions just like Sherlock, the likelihood of Angus keeping a wardrobe full of MI6 cast-offs is unlikely.
The truth would be:
"Good, that's… yeah, good," John mutters. "Tell Sherlock that, if he doesn't feel like talking tonight, that's fine, too."
There is no reply — further confirmation that the nurse's assessment had been accurate. If John wakes up in the middle of the night because of pain or the alien bed and the foreign surroundings and checks his phone, Sherlock hopes that the message might cheer him up.
He’s been trying to improve the surgical success of removing as much as glioblastoma multiforme -type tumours as possible. Possibly the most malignant type of brain cancer with a dire prognosis, it’s difficult for a surgeon to find their margins since their thin tendrils reach deep into healthy tissue. MRI navigation combined with novel preoperative imaging techniques is showing some promise in the right hands. Sherlock’s hands, to be precise. It's a side project he amuses himself with when not busy with shunt development at GOSH.
With Victor, he was just a shadow. Could there ever be space in John's life here for Sherlock to be an entire person?
The only thing out of the ordinary — not that ordinary ever describes Sherlock's work — is that perhaps he's needed a bit more time than usual to reach the AVM. Not that John can even be certain of this since this is an atypical case. Still, it has taken such a long time that it's unlikely Sherlock can do the second, short procedure before taking over call duties.
Does he not know?
"Mycroft thinks I shouldn't act surprised — that I just got my due."
"Are you two home?" Greg asks.
John appears in the doorway, a dark form back-lit by the warm yellow light from the corridor. He's carrying what he'd promised from the bathroom cabinet.
It's then you notice that there's a temperature reading on the monitor: 38,6. Slight fever. That's why he's lying there without even a blanket properly tucked up to his shoulders. There's paracetamol being infused. You tell yourself to calm down because these people know what they're doing.
"I insist." John goes to fetch the raincoat, knocking his knee on the edge of the sofa since he's a bit uncoordinated, now.
"You mean when
"You walked here from Baker Street," Joanna says matter-of-factly.
'I assumed so. I have a stereotactic biopsy and a meningioma removal tomorrow, anyway. SH'
an entire day, John, regardless of whether you might think it's acceptable."
I swallow the pills, John watching me.
in Montreal. It has rubber tires. Strange." Another yawn on the screen. "I'd better––"
"No, I do believe you made that of me. Almost literally."
Research time at the telescopes of Cambridge's Mullard Radio Astronomy Observatory is a highly sought-after resource for the university's postgraduate students. On a swelteringly hot summer weekend, there is a bit of a cock-up with the bookings…
You turn on the telly and retreat to your chair, pretend to watch some disaster movie full of scientific mistakes; you know Sherlock would delight in pointing out if the two of you were watching this at home.
"What am I going to do, John?" Sherlock asked.
His dismissive statements about medical staff as a collective seem to echo things from his past, perhaps from the days when he frequented A&E departments due to his drug use. Addicts often need such services for fractures, infections from injecting into veins, overdoses, psychotic behaviour. You can't help but send a thought out to Mycroft who'd looked after his little brother in those times, kept him alive. Sherlock, sober but ill, is a handful. Sherlock, off his tits
