He simply smiles and bows. ‘As always you are far too clever for me to fool.’ She scoffs and they begin walking towards the common area. ‘Scott is simply the latest in my list as you referred to. I have also found Groot and Rocket this morning and even Bruce.’
‘Now, now, soldier,’ Hammer says, a self-satisfied smirk on his face, ‘let’s not be rude.’ Then he does something that makes Steve’s blood run cold. He takes out a red book and opens it, leafing through the pages.
we did it? What if someone worse than Thanos comes calling and we’re too busy fighting amongst ourselves that we can’t defeat them? Isn’t that why we nearly lost to him in the first place?’
A/N: Hey everyone. I'm sorry this is so much later than I intended, it's just been super crazy this past week. Thank you so much to everyone for your wonderful comments and for leaving kudos, I love you all so much! Please do let me know what you thought of these last two chapters. I will be responding to all the comments as soon as possible, I'm sorry I've been so rubbish lately!
‘Steve? We got to move, come on,’ Bucky says from the doorway. When Steve only kneels down next to the inventor his friend adds. ‘
I have really felt this loss more from the shock of it than anything else. He was a true fighter: battling such a horrendous disease and yet still taking on these physically challenging roles, visiting children suffering with the same disease he was battling, and speaking up for the Black Lives Matter movement; yet never once did he reveal to the world his struggle and he was always a gentleman in every sense of the world. The tributes from his colleagues and friends speak volumes about his character. An incredible talent, and an incredible human taken far too soon. If I'm ever lucky enough to have a son, I'll be showing him the best role model he could ever need: Chadwick Boseman.
‘Alright kids, I’ve linked us up with the Warden in the control room. You guys head on out and I’ll make sure the jet is all locked up so we don’t have someone running away with our stuff.’
The soldier smiles at him and presses a kiss to his forehead. ‘He did, honey. Now let’s go to sleep.’
‘Before or after they beat up Steve?’ Peter asks with a grin; Bucky just winks and grins in reply which makes the younger man laugh. ‘Hey Bucky?’ he asks as they collect their stuff. ‘You know you said you’d faced people stronger than you? Who were they?’
‘Things have changed, Peter,’ Matt calls from his bedroom. ‘We lost five years. Looking back on what happened during that time…well maybe it wouldn’t be so terrible to help out with the team more often. Your boyfriend seems to be doing rather well with them, and he’s still got the freedom to do his own jobs if he wants. Not to mention he’s still living in New York and it’s not like they’ve forced you to reveal your identity.’
‘I’m surprised he didn’t put you in a bright green one or something,’ Steve laughs. Then groans as he sees the announcer for the evening take to the stage. His friend nudges his shoulder.
‘I can’t believe you talked me into this,’ Peter grumbles as he opens the door to Sister Margaret’s.
‘Because as far as Fury is concerned he’s untested,’ Clint points out, ‘and we’re all busy so can’t interfere as much.’
‘What’s going on?’ Rhodey asks. ‘And why do Steve and Bucky look like someone’s stolen their puppy?’
‘Look we’ve worked out how strong a blast you can contain, now we’re reaching the stage where it’s too strong,’ Tony says, tone close to when he’s facing a problem with one of his inventions. ‘So what we need to do is find a different way of containing it.’
‘The last report from Kamar-Taj says that all of our fighters are now recovered,’ Wong tells them, and Peter notices Strange sag in relief at the news.
‘Peter?’ the teenager screeches to a halt and turns to look back at his mentor. ‘No more of the titles this holiday, alright? We’re all on first name basis.’
‘Yeah well I figured you’d rather me move in here than you move into my room,’ he replies, ‘besides I’ve got less than half the amount of stuff to move than you have Mr Billionaire.’
Late on day three Wade had sat bolt upright in bed, and Peter hadn’t thought before launching himself into his boyfriend’s arms. What made him even happier was the way the team were just as relieved at Wade’s recovery as he was.
Mama Rhodes’ arrival at the compound was met with a lot of noise. Rhodes and Tony are the first ones down to greet the older lady, making a fuss of her and asking how her trip was, Tony making sure he’s the one to grab her suitcases.
A/N: Hey everyone! I hope you enjoyed the Wanda and Wade meet. Do let me know what you think, I'd be interested to know what you feel about her being the first of the team to officially meet him as Peter's partner.
Wade puts a dramatic hand to his heart. ‘I was suggesting we do some sparring, Spidey, you need to get your mind out of the gutter. Honestly! Perhaps
The Asgradians had not been happy to learn of Loki’s new found title, and Bruce had had to take over being their diplomat until Thor’s return. Something the scientist was not particularly comfortable with, but had agreed to after some persuasion from Fury. Bucky feels for Bruce, and he can tell the external strains on each of them is starting to fray at the already tentative relationship he and Natasha had been trying to rekindle. He isn’t sure they’ll last long.
Loki scowls at him. ‘Oh be quiet, I will admit to have becoming fonder of the man the more I have been exposed to him. Similar to the rest of you.’
‘Because Thor wants it to all be done by hand, and Steve said since we wouldn’t let him do his hunt we had to give him this one thing,’ Bucky replies from under the tree.
Scott sighs, downing the scotch in one, which raises an eyebrow from Steve, and sets the glass down. ‘So I was coming back from seeing Hank and these guys jump me and drag me down an alley. Now I’m thinking they just want money or something seeing as I’ve just come from the rich guy’s house, but they start demanding I call you. When I tell them I don’t have a way of getting hold of you they start asking with their fists. This carries on for I’m not sure how long, but I manage to get some of the fire ants involved and get them off me. Eventually this guy in a suit turns up and tells them to stop.’
‘I have no quarrel with you, Man of Iron,’ his half-brother says as he steps into view, ‘but I will not hesitate to kill you to get what I want.’
‘Scared because you’ve already revealed your secret superhero identity to two people already and you’ve got not even got through twenty-four hours of this trip and you think you’re going to end up revealing it to everyone?’
‘You should never underestimate Wakandan technology,’ the king chuckles as he and his guard enter the common area. ‘But what Colonel Fury says is correct. The Accords needed to happen in order for faith to be restored in the Avengers, and all the work that Tony and the rest of you have done in restoring the team has been integral to that as well. Combine this with the evidence we can collect against Ross and his actions, and we should have a good case to present a new suggestion to the world.’
‘He’ll keep coming back until he finally convinces Tony to let him tinker with an old Iron Man suit,’ Rhodes says through a mouthful of spaghetti. ‘Tony you’re never getting out of cooking again.’
Tony really wants to jump out of the suit and make sure the kid’s alright. He’s not sure he’ll ever admit just how scared he was during that whole exchange. Instead he settles for lifting the faceplate and kneeling next to the brown haired boy.
‘Yeah thanks,’ he responds, the bruises are darker than yesterday, but he definitely looks more alert. ‘And thanks for letting me speak with Cassie last night Tony, really set my mind at ease.’ Tony just waves him off as Natasha offers to make the new arrival some breakfast as well.
‘We promised Cap we’d stay at the facility and help with the repairs,’ she replies, ‘we’ll be waiting to throw you a party when you get back.’
Peter scratches the back of his head. ‘I may have picked it up from Mr Stark; he has a habit of throwing off suspicion that he’s not been listening by pretending to have been thinking about something related.’
Loki smiles this time, rather than smirks. ‘Touché. Come sit next to me here,’ he moves to the couch and gestures at the space next to him. Bucky follows, reminding himself that this is a good idea. ‘Now,’ the god continues, ‘I should only have to look through one or two memories in order to check so it should not take long. Try not to think of any of them, I shall see if I can find the ones that are most useful to this experiment. And try not to get distracted, or you’ll bring other memories and thoughts to the front of your mind and make this longer than necessary. Just try to keep your mind blank. It shouldn’t be too difficult.’
‘Well, that all depends,’ he says, and she sees the second he slips into his scientist mode and gets comfortable.
Tony won the first bet: Mantis was the first one to fall to the side asleep. Rhodes simply sighs and goes to pick her up, taking the alien down to her room. Groot  almost passes unnoticed that he’s dropped out, until Rocket falls over and knocks them both over. Bruce offers to take them down to their shared room.
‘Guys? You seeing this?’ Clint asks through the comms. They turn to see Thanos’ army disappearing just as their friends had a few days before.
‘Move!’ Clint’s the first one to action again as he shoves both Rhodes and Bruce to the side and into Tony; all four of them slamming into the side wall as what appears to be some form of armoured truck smashes through the front of the café.
‘I think it’s time we got back to the courtroom,’ Wanda cuts through any responses. ‘Wade get your ass back on your roof.’
, Barnes,’ she snaps, turning to look away from him, ‘we’ve got to find Hulk and then we can get back to celebrating Christmas. And we are
‘I really don’t think he’s going to be considered cool,’ MJ scoffs, ‘this is Peter we’re talking about.’
‘Well I’ll probably still kick up a fuss with the last one and you may have to web me to a couple of buildings before I get the memo.’
‘I’m sorry,’ the merc says, his voice quiet. ‘But I couldn’t let him kill you and I couldn’t let him unmask you, Spidey.’
In answer Loki points upwards then, before the other man has chance to process what he’s looking at, he darts in and places a quick kiss on the mercenary’s lips. ‘I believe that puts me in the lead,’ he smirks before walking off.
‘Hey, uh, do you two mind coming upstairs for a bit? There’s something we, uh I need to fill you in on.’
‘Right shall we get started?’ Tony suggests, grabbing hold of some of the sticks they’re supposed to be weaving together to create something they can then hang other things from. ‘No one is to laugh if anyone gets smacked in the face by a branch.’
He looks behind him to see the finish line isn’t too far away and nods, bringing his other hand up to grab hold of the soldier’s sleeve to give himself a bit of extra grip. Steve swings him back and forth a few times to build up momentum before releasing his hand and he goes sailing through the air to land at the finish line, rolling a couple of times to make it look like he failed the landing. He’s never been happier to be on solid ground.
‘My girlfriend at the time,’ he explains, ‘Vanessa. Anyway someone found out about my military history and the fix I was in and offered me a way out. I was… pretty desperate at the time so I signed up. Let Vanessa think I was going somewhere to die without putting her through it. It was… not entirely legal.’
‘You might not be saying that when we find out there’s a rat infestation and half the roof has collapsed,’ he points out. ‘Come on, lets get in and see the state of the place.’
Across the room four of the black-clad soldiers are hurrying towards the hole in the side of the building with Ross running along between them.
‘You were thinking too loud for me not to,’ she fires back with a smile, then it becomes a little more forced. ‘I know you’re worried about what’s coming next, when we’re not all here with you and you’re not with us…’ she pauses as if trying to work out how to phrase the next part.
‘Any of them?’ Hammer echoes. ‘Or just the intern that’s more a son than an employee? Or the dear Captain who you’ve become more than a little closer to? Or what about the Soldier who so desperately wants your heart?’
‘Yeah I get what you mean, and I’ve got this horrible feeling we’re being watched all the time.’ Bucky closes his eyes and reaches out. –
‘Of course, brother,’ Thor’s eyes are twinkling in humour, ‘and it had absolutely nothing to do with-’
‘Here to give me some great big fucking speech on how I should be nicer to people?’ Bucky snaps as he senses Steve’s presence behind him.
‘So Rocket has traps through the forest right?’ Natasha processes the information. ‘Hope’s in the ventilation system keeping an eye out for Peter or Scott. Think you two would be able to help us through the trees so we can miss the traps on the floor?’
Steve chuckles again and he can’t get enough of that sound, and the way his eyes light up when he does. Though Tony’s favourite thing about Steve, which doesn’t come out very often, is the mischievous grin he gets when someone has convinced him to play a joke on someone. Usually Peter’s convinced him to play one on Bucky.
1991,’ he answers. He’d stayed long enough after the accident to pack what he wanted and then left. Locked the door and hadn’t been back since.
‘Oh and if someone tries to drag you into a house to meet their daughters don’t go,’ Clint continues with his advice as if no one else had spoken.
‘Hey,’ Wade’s voice loses it’s teasing and turns soft as he puts a finger under his chin to make him look up again, ‘the only ones you seem to have encouraged so far are the ones who know who you are: kids whose
There’s barely enough time for his senses to send off a short warning before Wade’s grabbing his arm and dragging him out towards the back room; he doesn’t struggle, reading the anger radiating from the other man, and really hoping Wanda doesn’t choose now to reappear. He’s not entirely sure she’d help the situation. He hears Weasel calling to Wade as they disappear into the corridor and then he’s being shoved through the door to the back room and Wade’s following him through it, slamming the door shut and leaning back against it, arms crossed over his chest and a furious expression on his face.
‘They do say that a problem shared is a problem halved,’ Vision comments, leaning back in his chair.
Peter goes to stand next to Wanda as Mr Harris puts everyone into two groups, and he’s relieved to see Ned, MJ, Betty and Harry heading towards them. ‘Why hasn’t Bucky been assigned somewhere yet?’ he whispers to Wanda.
Loki relays the message to Bucky. ‘Yes they are doing well. They are asking if you’d had any luck with the communications. I have told them no.’
‘I’m more than happy to watch,’ Tony quips with a suggestive eyebrow. Steve just rolls his eyes and gets out of bed, throwing the inventor over his shoulder and marching to the bathroom. Tony laughing the whole way. ‘I take it I’m not allowed to watch then?’
‘It’s our turn to look after him, Pepper,’ Natasha says, handing the woman a tissue which she gratefully accepts.
‘Thank you,’ he croaks, taking deep calming breaths as the soldier continues to rub warm circles on his back. He hates that he’s trembling from sheer tiredness.
‘But Spider-Man has become like a son to me, and I want him to have the best Christmas possible. Honestly? I don’t think that’s going to happen unless you’re there as well.’
Tony gets a gauntlet on, sedative dart ready, but doesn’t raise it yet and just continues with the sequence.
going to want you to see this.’ Grumbling Dopinder does as he’s told and walks off, then Weasel waves Buck away and turns back to Peter. ‘He’s on a job. Last minute thing, but I had a call from him earlier and he should be back tonight. You going to leave if I tell him to call or are you going to insist on waiting? I take it I don’t have to worry about any of the guys bothering you.’
‘I love you too,’ she tells him, grateful for this one constant presence in her life. They stay standing like that for a while before he gets called away by Sam.
Peter seems to consider that good enough, so he sits next to Tony and tells them about what happened over a week ago. How he’d been following a couple of drug dealers wanting to find out where their supplies were coming from and had met Deadpool at the site; since both of them wanted to take out the gang they’d decided to work together, on the condition Deadpool didn’t kill anyone and they left them for the police to take care of. They heard how the two had worked together, Deadpool sticking to his promise until Peter had been caught unawares.
‘Shut it Rhodey,’ he says, walking towards Sharon and taking the box from her, looking down at the lid where Steve recognises Peggy’s elegant handwriting spelling out the name ‘Anthony Edward Stark’.
, he thinks as he speeds back towards the facility, fairly certain he’s breaking every speeding law in the country.
‘If you touch me you will get frostbite, Thor,’ the dark blue skinned man sighs, ‘so whether you wish to help me or not, I will need to stand on my own.’
‘Err… what did I miss?’ Tony asks. Steve briefly explains, still caught somewhere between exasperation and amusement.
‘I’m coming, Pete,’ he mumbles, pushing the suit to full speed and knowing he can get there in time to meet Peter just as his class finishes.
Wong shrugs and looks at Strange before raising his hand, the other sorcerer does the same, albeit a little grudgingly.
‘He says it was the best thing in the galaxy so it’s got a lot to live up or this guy is giving up his flying privileges for a month,’ Rocket jabs a thumb over his shoulder at Quill who is looking increasingly frustrated.
‘Now, now, Barton it’s only in the spirit of the challenge, I swear,’ he cackles, dodging another apple and unfortunately missing catching Scott as he leaves with Cassie.
‘Thank you Colonel, we’re not sure how many have got out, but we know no one’s breached the perimeter,’ comes the harassed voice.
‘Just take the number, Spidey. Even if you never use it, at least you know it’s an option,’ the teasing lilt is still there in the merc’s voice, but Peter can tell he’s nervous.
‘Thank you for your help today, Vision,’ Loki says, returning to his Asgardian form, ‘I do appreciate it.’
She laughs. ‘Clint did, and slept for some of it, but I’m not used to the jets so didn’t get much shut eye.’
‘We have the explosives, we should set them and get out. No one needs to be any the wiser,’ she argues.
‘Me too,’ Sam agrees, ‘I think it’s been made better because we’ve got more people as well. Though if you’d asked me before I’d have said more people would have been too much craziness.’
‘Oh, I didn’t realise you were still up,’ a small voice comes from the doorway. The three turn to see Peter walking in.
‘I’m not a damn messenger pigeon tell him yourself!’ Bucky throws a sponge over the counter and it hits Sam on the back of the head.
‘Ok, drinking contest rules!’ Valkyrie’s shout gets everyone’s attention and they head towards the contest arena. Which has now migrated from the original table and is now their main seating area. ‘Everyone has a chosen drink, we all fill the same sized glasses and drink at the same time. You keep going until either you’re sick or you pass out.’
Zemo’s smile melts from his face to be replaced by something that Steve can only describe as a fanatical hatred. ‘All of you destroyed. Preferably by each other, whilst I have a front row seat. Why don’t we start with the most poetic of all, hmm? The Winter Soldier taking out Captain America. You, the Black Widow, and Hawkeye; three of the original six turning on the other Avengers. Then no one will
‘Because,’ Peter hiccups, ‘because he’s obviously slept with plenty of other people before, so why won’t he sleep with
‘Yeah I had that at first, but I think being part of the Avengers meant that stopped pretty quick. You know Dum Dum took over leading the Commandos after I crashed the plane? I always thought he’d do well leading a group. Had plans after the war to grow the team and split into two with him leading the other one.’
‘Nice of you to return to us, Winter Soldier,’ one of them taunts him as they open the door to his cell, ‘we’ve got someone who very much wants to see you again.’
‘Isn’t he going to get backlash from the media about this?’ Wanda asks. ‘They’ll be tearing him apart.’
‘Thank god, I’m beat,’ Bucky yawns. Then says something suitably threatening to a prisoner that Tony ignores.
Bucky nods. ‘Yeah,’ his voice is hoarse as he replies. ‘Yeah he did. He probably didn’t tell you he still has nightmares of when I nearly shot him after Zemo got to me did he?’
‘Yeah well call me paranoid. I’ll head over to check the blast site and lend a hand to the officers in the cell block. Vis? Join me when you’re finished and let me know if you pick up anything from that weasel.’
The rest of the day passes in a blur. Wakandans come in and out of the suite with updates or messages from T’Challa as the country lends its help to finding the missing team members. The rest of the team analyses footage from the attacks, both in Vienna and in New York, for any clues that might give them a lead. Strange has gone to Kamar-Taj to speak with the sorcerers there on any ways they may be able to track them through magic; Loki and Thor have been locked up most of the day with T’Challa discussing how best to approach this from the diplomatic view point. Loki was not supposed to be bringing Jotunheim into the political game until further down the line, but it seems he was either unable or disinclined to contain his rage at their friends’ disappearance and has brought his involvement forward. For once Thor is the one having to council his brother towards a diplomatic solution.
‘If you two even think about ganging up on me I’m giving Natasha all your secrets,’ he warns the two of them, and has the pleasure of seeing Loki pale. They walk down the street, following Matt until he turns down a side street.
Sam chuckles. ‘Don’t try and pull the wool over my eyes, Quill, I’m a trained councillor and I’m used to dealing with this group of craziness. You telling me you’re not finding it a bit overwhelming when it’s your first Christmas since being taken from Earth and since your mom died? Not to mention the fact that this team excels at being over enthusiastic and loud at the best of times.’
Tony studies Rumlow for a few moments before pressing a button on the desk. ‘Miss Potts can you bring in the paperwork please?’ As he turns back to face Rumlow the door opens and a tall red head walks in, carrying some paperwork. Steve suspects this is the formidable secretary that Tony has had numerous phone conversations with in their hearing. ‘Captain Rumlow, I have had to make some changes to my board and the top structure of my company due to some…differences of opinion in how the company should be run. As part of that I have also had to make some changes to my top security team. My Head of Security is unchanged, but I was hoping that your squad would be willing to help fill some of the gaps.’
He rubs the back of his head awkwardly and looks as though he’s about to say something when an alarm sounds. ‘You’ve got to be kidding me,’ he groans. He looks over at her and motions for her to follow. ‘Briefing room, Wanda. They want to call us in.’
‘You’ll get used to it eventually. If you feel that you’re lost just ask FRIDAY for help. Only do me a favour and don’t talk to the ceiling like Steve always used to, she doesn’t live in the ceiling. I used to walk in and wonder if he was trying to talk to FRIDAY or God.’
‘The first is that if you want this then we do it properly this time and we don’t hide away. I’m not ashamed of us, Steve, I never have been. I don’t care about any bullshit you might try and say about it maybe making dynamics in the team weird, we go public and to hell with-’
‘Well, you’ve got pictures of everyone all over the workshop,’ the teenager shrugs, putting the picture down and reaching for another one. One of Maria at one of her first charity functions.
‘Peter!’ he doesn’t think, he just moves in front of the teenager, the knife piercing through his armour and he feels it sink deep into his stomach.
‘Yes we are,’ she nods so fast that Wanda is worried her head might fall off. ‘You’re my favourite Avenger,’ she grins up at her, ‘I want to be just like you when I grow up!’
Tony isn’t sure whether to laugh or cry at that very accurate summary of the entire team at the moment. ‘Fair enough.’
‘So, kid, how’s the crazy fan been?’ Bucky asks, voice innocent but the grin on his face is anything but.
He smiles. ‘You think to get His plans from me? I barely know anything, same as you. Even if we piece all of our knowledge together we won’t even scrape the surface of His plans. All I know is He is looking at relocating another one of our members in an effort to confirm Spider-Man’s identity and get some leverage on Tony Stark.’
‘Nice of you to join us this side of the Atlantic,’ she teases. ‘Don’t mind Tony, he just likes showing off his toys. He’ll sulk for a few days once you actually get used to them and stop treating it like you’ve walked into a sci-fi film.’
Shuri and Tony exchange a grin and shrug in agreement. ‘Quill’s insisting on a dance off so Rhodey’s gone to sort out the music,’ she explains. ‘Will either of you two take part?’
‘Yeah but I don’t have any cufflinks so I may have to roll the sleeves up,’ he admits, ‘not that I‘m not grateful! It’s great, and it’s really comfy-’
‘Children!’ Loki shouts and they both turn to look at him. ‘Can we save this for another time please? Preferably one I am
He waves her off. ‘Yeah well it hardly ever gets taken out. Plus it’s got the best soundproofing. FRIDAY? Bring up the secure link to the facility and let’s see the two ugly mugs.’
‘Well…I say he’s thinking about, it’s more Carol’s teased him until he’s been backed into a corner. We need to keep her around she makes Fury more human.’
‘Then I will be the first,’ he says, ‘and I should like the three of you to be the first members.’ He turns to Tony. ‘Would you mind if we all returned to the facility and discussed this more?’
‘If anyone suggests going to buy any more decorations I refuse to be the one to get them down next year!’ Peter’s voice calls down from the attic.
Peter thinks, hurriedly pulling the mask down before turning to face Deadpool. ‘What do you want now? I’d quite like to swing around and do a quick sweep before going home.’
They’re both avoiding the question. Peter takes a deep breath and looks up uncertainly at the man, remembering Matt’s words. ‘If this
‘Loki calls you the Winter Warrior,’ she reminds him softly as he grabs hold of her wrist and pulls her up again.
‘We’ll all come back safe and sound, Pete,’ he tells him. ‘Right I’m going to go do final checks in the jet’.
‘I can put in more,’ she tells him, opening the source of her power more. She can feel the power flowing through her, rushing through her veins with her blood and pounding in her head. Why had she never tried this before?
Bucky laughs. ‘That’s true. Is Thor going to look after him if you can’t take him with you when you’re travelling?’
Steve chuckles and nods, brushing back a loose strand of hair from Tony’s eyes. ‘I’ll be fine, Tony, thank you for asking me first.’
A/N: Hi everyone! I hope you enjoyed this week's chapter. My mind is still brain matter on the ceiling after the final Loki episode if I'm honest. Though I'm having a couple of ideas on how I could possibly have a few appearances from some of the characters in this series. If there's any favourites you have do let me know! I've got a basic outline for where the series will go and end, but not too much planned out that I can't make alterations.
‘Nah, Pete did his own fair share of saving me when it came to my dad,’ Harry laughs as the elevator doors open.
to like to him,’ he points out. ‘Plus he’s so eager to help everyone and make them happy I’d find it hard to believe he wouldn’t fit in somewhere.’
T’Challa laughs. ‘It’s good to see the two of them bonding with more people. I’ll admit those were the two I thought would hide away after the fight was over.’
‘Are you getting any sleep?’ the teenager fixes him with a look Tony is pretty sure he stole from Natasha.
‘Well we’ve worked through enough complexes already, I’m sure we’ll work through his,’ Natasha gives a weak smile.
Peter celebrates his birthday with the Avengers, but the time also comes to admit a secret he's kept from May
‘Clint,’ Rhodes’ pained voice comes through the fog of dust and Clint crawls towards it, finding the other man safe with two of the civilians having helped to drag him out. He now realises the hands that were dragging him must have belonged to the third person they’d saved.
‘There’s no use in speculating until we can speak to Strange and get his take on it all,’ Steve cuts off any more discussion. ‘If HYDRA can jump across dimensions and get access to other versions of us, not to mention other technologies…we need to find a way to stop them and fast.’
‘Could have fooled me Mr I’m-making-up-loads-of-rules-even-though-I-usually-ignore-them,’ Peter grumbles.
Peter’s senses ramp the danger level from five to eleven. ‘Mr Stark!’ Just as he tries to warn him soldiers start to storm the school grounds, soldiers dressed all in black with what seems like a familiar sigil on their uniforms.
‘Not you too,’ Bucky groans. ‘Have you two bird brains been gossiping or do I have to take it up with Natasha?’
about what my creations were actually doing to other people. And if I did I justified it to myself by saying I was doing it to keep the people of America safe.
‘Unfortunately Barnes is proving to be an exceptionally gifted pupil when it comes to giving me a headache,’ the trickster grumbles, taking a seat opposite.
‘Keep up!’ Wade shouts as he leaps to his feet and, yelling, runs towards where the spies are hiding. Peter just laughs and hurries after him. He manages to flip over a couple of snowballs and aims one at Natasha’s face, which she manages to dodge. Wade has unleashed both of his at Clint, which have missed, but Peter manages to hit him with his last one.
‘We’re seriously the only ones awake?’ he moves to get his own mug. ‘And why do you assume I’ve done something?’
‘Can I bring you anything? Something to drink perhaps? I shall ask T’Challa if we can postpone our trip to the UN.’
Tony does his best to not fidget as the plane rolls to a standstill on the tarmac. Rhodes and Vision are standing either side of him as they wait for the passengers to disembark.
Bucky growls and grabs Wade’s throat with his metal fist, pulling the mercenary up so he’s face to face with him. ‘I promised Pete I’d get you back in one piece. You are
‘Sounds like a good plan,’ Steve says, standing up and visibly slipping into being Captain America. ‘Nat you know him right?’ she nods in response. ‘Rhodey and Tony need to be there.’
‘Why do you think he’s moving now? He’s known the Mind and Time Stones have been on Earth for years, not to mention that we’ve had the Tesseract on Asgard; he’s obviously known the location of the Reality Stone for a while since it was left with the Collector, and it wasn’t exactly a secret where the Power Stone was after the tale of Ronan’s defeat swept the galaxy. If he wasn’t interested in obtaining all of them he would have been picking them up one by one as he learned of their locations.’
‘Shut up,’ he says, pulling open the top of his shirt and revealing the pattern of scars on his chest from the old reactor. He sees Wade’s eyes go wide. ‘Some of us have scars that other people put there as well. We’re not going to judge you for your scars, when my chest was ripped open, Bucky’s missing an arm, and one of our friends turns into a giant green rage monster.’
‘Hey,’ the shorter man says, closing the door and taking the only seat in the room. ‘You doing alright?’
‘Deadpool,’ he growls, unceremoniously dropping the red suited man the rest of the way. He stays hanging where he is, bringing the phone back to his ear which he’s miraculously kept hold of during the drop. ‘Sorry Happy I’ve just to deal with an idiotic fanboy. I’ll call you when I get home. If you get reports of a masked man being webbed to a wall saying he’ll die of hunger ignore them. He won’t die.’
‘Define trouble? I mean he thinks I went and worked as a sex worker when I disappeared on the Europe trip.’
Steve just groans and tries to ignore his two friends laughing at him. Tony puts an arm around his waist and offers him a freshly brewed mug of coffee. ‘Look on the bright side, babe,’ he says, grinning up at him, ‘at least they know you didn’t disappoint.’
about you, and the things we were worried about we didn’t want to be discussing in front of Steve and Tony. Or any of the others really because they hadn’t worked it out.’
‘Wasn’t your dad supposed to be the god of wisdom or something?’ Lila asks, curiosity apparently outweighing her awkwardness at the turn of the situation.
‘The public tends to refer to that incident as the Avengers ‘Civil War’ in the media,’ Vision supplies.
‘What’s got your panties in a twist? Not enough bad guys to web up?’ When Peter doesn’t respond he can tell the merc gets worried. ‘What’s going on Spider-Man?’
A/N: Hello everyone! Thank you so much to everyone who has read this entire story and come on this journey with me. It has been absolutely incredible and I've really enjoyed reading all your comments along the way. Please do let me know what you think of these last two chapters and where you think the series is going to go. Any predictions from this epilogue?
Wong and Loki ignore the doctor and the trickster holds the other man’s gaze as he studies him. ‘Alright I’ll organise something now. How long can you give me?’
‘Come on, Steve, not like you’ve never taken them off before,’ Tony says, but despite his attempt at humour it falls short as his tone is too flat.
‘The only problem,’ he’d told her as they were leaving, ‘is that I can’t get the signal strong enough for you to upload information
‘It’s them that’s got to worry, Pete,’ he says with a smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. ‘They’ve tried to hurt you. Every single one of the Avengers is out for blood. Wanda took out twenty on her own when we opened the doors.’
‘So this is the kid that tried to kick our asses in Berlin?’ Sam asks. ‘Kind of wondering how he got so close seeing how scrawny he is.’
‘Mr Stark…’ Peter turns an even brighter shade of red and toes the carpet with his shoe. ‘Umm… right let me show you where your room is.’
Peter since yesterday and we have no idea what’s happening after that last Elemental attacked in Prague?’
‘Well it might not be a bad idea,’ Strange muses, ‘for us to be able to practise fighting against other abilities. It would also help us to learn more about each other’s skill sets, and to test our own against strong fighters.’
There is one part of her training that not many of the others know about that has to be her favourite part of her regime. She has weekly ballet lessons with Natasha.
didn’t know about and I realised what had happened. I’d gone back to the right time, but somehow I’d managed to go to a different dimension, and I’ve somehow swapped with my counterpart from this one. So much of what we did was the same all the way up to meeting and dealing with Francis.’
‘At first it was because he reminded me of myself. Well the better parts of myself anyway. He’s smart, he’s resourceful, and he can be stubborn when he wants to do what he thinks is the right thing. Then I realised the reason he didn’t have my bad traits as well is because he also reminds me of
‘Thank you.’ Then he’s called away by Peter and leaves with a smile and fond shake of his head. ‘The Spiderling calls.’
‘Well the stone’s power had always been controlled with Loki’s sceptre before right?’ Peter says, pushing away from where he’s leaning against the table and walking forwards. ‘So what if Ultron thought he had to find a way to control the stone without the stone controlling the new body he was creating and
‘I can’t tell you what to do, Nat, you need to make that decision for yourself. You need to decide if it’s worth risking your heart over again. Do I think he’s going to disappear again? I have no idea. I’d like to think not, but we don’t know what’s coming in the future and what might set him off again; he left to keep everyone safe from himself, we know that even if we don’t agree with it. I wish I could tell you he’s never going to think about upping and leaving us ever again, but I can’t so I won’t-’
Steve pauses halfway down, Natasha is a few steps behind him and Sam is still at the top by the door. As he catches sight of the soldiers Steve frowns at him. ‘What’s going on, Tony?’ his voice is cold and dangerous.
have a tantrum,’ Loki snaps from his spot on one of the sofas, his brother is sitting next to him obviously trying to calm the dark haired man down.
Steve laughs. ‘Yeah he flitted between the Commandos and helping Fury a couple of times before he decided to give up fighting and settled down. According to the file Fury kept going back and asking him to reconsider.’
‘Need a hand, Captain?’ Steve says, sending lightning from Mjolnir to join her power. Tony stands next to him, charging his chest reactor to add to the power. It’s too much for the Titan to fight off, and he goes soaring backwards to land in a crumpled heap at the foot of a wall.
’ Peter groans, walking over to the mercenary and using his strength to pull the man’s hand from his face. ‘Look at me will you! My name is Peter Parker, and I’d love it if you’d spend Christmas with us here, rather than by yourself drinking yourself into a stupor.’
‘In her letter Aunt Peggy said she gave it to me because I’d know who was best to inherit it,’ he explains. ‘When I first gave it to her I apparently told Mom I was giving it to her because, and I quote, “Aunt Peggy knows how to use a weapon properly”. She said she didn’t realise until much later what those words meant, and how it meant she knew I’d be different to Dad. So she said she left it to me to give to someone who knew how to use it.’
They climb the stairs and Peter unlocks the door to the apartment he shares with his aunt, and Tony has to marvel at how the two most talkative people on the team are being silent. ‘Aunt May I’m back,’ he calls, though his voice isn’t as strong as usual.
‘The law firm from the gala,’ he explains, ‘Nelson and Murdock. They might help you out, and no one would expect you to use a small law firm like that; if they had the odd bit of support from the law team at Stark Industries, then it could be a good option.’
Tony throws his hands in the air. ‘Peter do you realise what you got yourself into? Hammer was trying to kidnap you, he brings soldiers to your school, and when we’re trying to come and help you, you take it upon yourself to bring a mercenary with a frankly sketchy history of mental stability into the middle of said firefight.’
‘Mr Barton why have you decided to come back to the team now? Is it just for the duration of the trial or are you intending to rejoin the team permanently?’
‘Unfortunately, yes they are,’ Loki sighs, taking a seat and letting his armour melt away to be replaced by his casual clothes.
A/N: Ok feeling slightly less guilty about missing out on a week's update for the first time ever, but still not fully gone. I am genuinely so sorry for forgetting last week.
‘You were the one who wanted me to be the leader in the field. How can I be expected to lead someone who doesn’t trust me?’
As they start on the second verse, steadily more and more of the team go to join them, picking up discarded carol sheets along the way. When they start the last verse and Natasha starts singing the descant part he can’t help but look at her in surprise.
‘How are you staying on?’ Sam demands, and Bucky sees him fly down near the youngster but can’t get closer because of its thrashing.
‘That obvious huh?’ Steve just raises an eyebrow in answer to the man’s question. Wade sighs. ‘I guess, seeing as this affects the team I thought I’d check with you first. You know the mission I was on before Thanos got here?’ Steve nods. ‘And I was checking out a last location before I had to come off early? I want to go back and check it out, Cap. I’ve left a job unfinished and that doesn’t sit right with me.’
‘Hey is that why I got some weapon holders in my last wing pack?’ Sam asks. ‘Because I ran out of ammo when I was doing that assault course?’
‘We’ve barely been able to get a smile out of you all week, I was scared we’d actually lost you. Hearing you teasing me again,’ Steve laughs and presses his forehead to Tony’s, ‘I can’t tell you how happy I am to hear it.’
‘What the hell were you two playing at?’ Natasha demands when she reaches them, hands on her hips. ‘You were supposed to get out when Bucky got back.’
Thank you so much to everyone for the wonderful response to the first two chapters. I hope you continued to enjoy these two! Loki's ice cream addiction came from a suggestion from a reader so thank you so much for that, it had me giggling that he now uses bowls of ice cream as bargaining chips.
‘Aww, Widow, it’s almost like you care,’ Wade grins, she just rolls her eyes in response and goes to get ready, leaving the two of them to continue their conversation on suit colours.
‘It must be a bit confusing being back here and us being in your face,’ Peter reassures her. ‘It’s understandable a few things might have got a bit jumbled.’
To say Peter is a little excitable during patrol that evening is an understatement. He’s pretty sure he hasn’t stopped chatting away either to criminals he’s webbing up or to Karen as he’s swinging through Queens. He’s also pretty sure Tony didn’t invent her to be used as a notebook for present ideas for the team, but he can’t exactly carry loads of things around in his suit.
A/N: Hi everyone! So the team are finally getting their backsides in gear to rescue Tony. I hope you enjoyed this chapter, do let me know what you think and do let me know if there is anything in particular you'd like me to try and tackle. I've had requests for WinterIron and Stuckony stories that have got my brain going so keep the suggestions coming in.
‘Yes and the staff need to clean up your mess, Tony,’ Pepper rolls her eyes. ‘Besides everyone’s about ready to drop, we can’t all keep up with the party-boy extraordinaire you know.’
‘Uh, shouldn’t we….never mind,’ Peter cuts himself off as the army hits the previously invisible shield. ‘That is SO cool. Can we get one for the facility?’
They finish the day playing as many silly party games as anyone can think up, and most of the adults are pretty far along the way to drunk by the time they start wrapping up.
‘Or did someone forget to tell him?’ he raises a challenging eyebrow. She doesn’t respond, just wears her most innocent expression as footsteps sound at the top of the stairs to the basement.
, where did you hide the champagne for drinking at midnight where you don’t think Clint is able to find?’
‘I was just trying to make her feel better,’ Bucky whines, wincing as she applies antiseptic to his cut.
Strange is quiet, but the look on his face is thoughtful so Tony doesn’t interrupt. ‘Alright Stark I shall do my best. But I make no promises.’
‘Now there was a hell of a lot of shit that we’ll discuss when we’ve got Wanda and Bucky back, but there’s one thing I’m really disappointed in, Peter, and I feel like we need to talk about it right now.’
‘Perhaps we should sit and explain,’ Valkyrie suggests. ‘I am Valkyrie, this is Thor, and we have just come from Earth where there is a team preparing to face Thanos, three of the Stones are already in their possession and they are attempting to discover more about their nature in order to use them to defeat Thanos when he arrives. We know Thanos has already taken the power stone from Nova and laid waste to the planet.’
Anyhoo. So here’s what happened in the first series if you can’t remember or can’t be assed to read it (don’t bother, the only good bits were the Spideypool bits and they weren’t often enough to warrant a read):
‘Good man!’ Rhodes replies amidst fresh protests from the two solders. Sam can’t help but laugh and dig into his dinner, more grateful than he could say that he has a place amongst this crazy group of misfits.
‘Don’t make this any worse for me, Buck,’ he pleads with his friend. Bucky just raises his hands in a placating gesture and grabs a glass from a passing waiter.
‘Though to be fair dude a big organisation like HYRDA isn’t going to be found by a random police search,’ Ned points out as they cross off an old warehouse the police searched for potential drug use.
Against his better judgement Tony has invited Strange and Wong to join them for making the decorations today. He says against his better judgement because after Wade encouraging Thor’s pleas for a hunt yesterday whilst everyone else was busy making food he’s not sure he wants the possibility of any more arguments starting, but Sam had made a good point that if they let the two wizards interact with the team more before the actual celebration there was going to be more time for them all to learn to interact civilly with each other.
‘Yeah, but you still love me,’ Tony mutters back, grinning as Steve laughs and gives him another kiss.
‘It hurt you just as much,’ it wasn’t a question, she’d guessed the scientist’s disappearance had hurt the inventor just as much as it had hurt her. Tony Stark didn’t let many people in and Bruce was one of the few people he’d let get really close.
Everything Steve has planned to say in this moment flies from his mind. All he was going to say about everything that Tony is doing and that he needs to let the team help disappears. ‘Tony I’m so sorry.’
‘What could you possibly want me to talk to you about, Pepper? Hmm?’ he demands, pushing his chair away from the desk and frowning up at her.
she thinks as Peter leaves his friends and comes to join her. There’s a big smile on his face as he pulls her into a tight hug and she feels the tightness in her heart ease a little. Ever since they lost Vision she’s been finding reasons to spend extra time with Peter, his openness and natural enthusiasm and optimism always help to ease her grief for a short time. She’s lucky Wade is so understanding of her stealing his boyfriend so much.
‘You aren’t seriously expecting me to vote? Besides the majority has it,’ Loki raises an eyebrow at him. ‘And my objection comes more from the fact the man put me in a cell.’
‘I believe he also made a comment about the teenager the Avengers have been showing an interest in,’ the first woman adds.
‘Oh good now there’s two of them,’ Okoye mutters, casting a look at her king out of the corner of her eye.
The rest of the team are taking the captives back to the facility on the jet. Agents are debriefing the other hostages and helping police prepare bodies for identification. It seems Ross had neglected to mention the fact there had already been casualties amongst the audience before the majority had got out.
‘Of course, Mr Stark,’ a man responds, from his accent Steve thinks he’s German. ‘We shall be discussing this incident with Secretary Ross ourselves.’
‘I’m going to make it right,’ the man answers, with such sincerity that Steve can’t help but believe it. ‘I’m one of the leads on the project.’
Slowing to a jog as he exits the main school doors, he notices the crowd around the two Avengers has diminished enough to be easily spotted through the bodies. Peter holds up his bag like a trophy, grinning despite himself, and Steve shoots him a smile and two fingered salute before turning and attempting to manhandle the Winter Soldier into the car before he can say anything to the teen.
‘Greetings friends,’ Drax says as the group reaches the ground, ‘Quill has told us about the celebration called Christmas and we would very much like to take part and experience it for ourselves.’
‘I haven’t got long, Stark,’ Fury tells him, ‘we’re dealing with a more volatile situation than I first thought.’
‘Anything you want to share?’ Peter shrugs in answer. ‘Come on kid, it look like it’s eating you whatever it is.’
‘You are the one keeping a firm barrier up, Bucky,’ his voice is quiet. ‘It would be good to know why.’
‘No,’ Peter shakes his head, watching as he walks into the containment chamber with Loki. ‘No, it’s fine. In a way it’ll be good to see this again. Remind myself there’s nothing to be scared of anymore.’ Strange doesn’t reply as they watch the exchange.
One of the men nods, he’s one who has been steadiest on his feet, a new arrival from the sounds of it. ‘I can.’
‘You will not stop me from claiming the prize my master seeks,’ the alien hisses at him. It raises its spear and Tony reaches up to stop it mid-strike, the suit struggling against the alien’s strength.
He stays silent and opens the door, not even attempting to catch her as she falls to her knees in front of him. Reaching down with his vibranium arm he takes hold of her wrist and pulls her to her feet.
Steve grins and captures his lips in a bruising kiss that leaves Tony a little breathless when he pulls away. ‘Deal.’ He gives a small laugh. ‘You know I’ve been wanting to kiss you since the gala.’
Tony tries not to tense up at the thought of the team leaving, and obviously doesn’t do a very good job of it if the tightening of Steve’s arm and Wanda’s reassuring look is anything to go by. ‘Rhodey’s right. FRIDAY?’
‘He’s certainly hanging on your every word,’ Steve comments. ‘What kind of training has he been doing with you?’
‘Ooo kinky,’ he laughs, ‘might I suggest you find some other use for my mouth then, my dear Captain?’ He can’t deny the heat that spreads through his body at Steve’s sharp intake of breath, and before he can register the fact they’re moving he’s on his back on the bed and Steve is leaning over him. ‘Nuh uh,’ he says, flipping Steve onto his back.
The three of them return to the common area to a chorus of shouts. Tony looks at Steve and takes pity on his boyfriend, who looks like he’s caught in the middle of World War Three and isn’t sure which side he should be on. Sam looks like he’s trying to keep the peace with Steve, and the two are stood in the middle of the room; Wanda’s in front of Wade on one side, hands glowing threateningly, with Vision halfway between her and the two soldiers. Opposite them are Bucky and Rhodes, looking like they want to tear someone apart; Loki is still on the sofa where they left him, a faintly amused smile on his face, Thor hovering behind him looking between the two sides and obviously unsure what to do or who to support. Valkyrie is sat at the bar with a bored expression on her face, a half empty bottle of whiskey dangling from her fingers, and a stressed looking Bruce sat next to her.
He shakes his head. ‘Can we do a little more with Venom’s memories first please? I think we’re close to something and I don’t want to get to a point where I can’t face going in.’
‘I…’ Wade shakes his head. ‘Look, thanks Stark but this,’ he sighs, pointing to his head, ‘there’s a whole lot of crazy up here starting with the looks department.’
‘The reports from the infirmary say similarly of ours,’ Okoye says, looking towards her king, ‘though there are many who are still in danger.’
‘You should know that I, of all people, am not going to blame you for being overly cautious,’ Steve points out.
If only he had one of those ropes nearby that the protagonist cuts and goes flying upwards on out of the way of the antagonist.
‘Peggy Carter,’ she finished for him. Steve looks to Tony and sees the inventor’s face has turned white.
'Only one person would be stupid enough to try and speak to me this early in the morning,' Tony grumbles, face covered by one hand. 'Put it through, FRIDAY,' he gives the call enough time to be patched through and then continues. 'Ross what do you want this early? I've not even had my first mug of coffee so it better be life or death.'
‘Yeah, no one wants to look at this over the Christmas table,’ he says as the silence stretches on, turning so his back now faces the other man’s penetrating stare.
The red suited man holds his hands up, eyes of his mask wide. ‘I just wanted to see my favourite superhero. Can I have a picture? You let those tourists have a picture. Bet they’ll be going home and showing all their friends the proof they met the amazing Spiderman. And here’s little ole me with nothing to show for having met New York’s most selfless superhero.’ His tone is light and joking, but Peter can’t stop the guilt welling up.
‘Peter I’m picking up some voices that you’ve met before,’ Karen says and he motions for Deadpool to keep quiet. ‘Sounds like some of the old members of the Vulture’s gang; the lower ranking ones that managed to get away,’ she clarifies. ‘Want me to give you sound?’
Tony laughs. ‘She was looking far too smug for you two to have just gone to watch a film.’ Peter mumbles something he doesn’t quite catch, and Tony leans back in his chair watching the teen carefully. ‘I appreciate you not wanting to scare them off by having the whole team meet them,’ he says, ‘but you know if they make you happy then you shouldn’t have too much to worry about when it comes to everyone approving.’
‘I don’t think we’d have time to get through all of the ideas your genius mind could come up with,’ Steve responds.
Peter spins around. His fears are confirmed when he sees the two bodies on the floor, a hole in the middle of each of their heads. Spinning back around he sees Deadpool holding a gun, there’s still a bit of smoke coming from the end and the acrid smell of gunfire fills the room.
Just then Peter arrives, suit in place and Fury only a few steps behind him. ‘You ready?’ the spy asks them.
There’s a solid hand on his shoulder and Peter’s desperately trying to blink back frustrated tears behind his mask, glad for the material so no one can see them. ‘You alright, kid?’ Steve asks quietly.
‘The same time he found out who I was. I keep his identity, he keeps mine.’ The two have a staring match across the table. ‘If you’re going to try and stare me down at least have the decency to do it without the mask. Otherwise I can’t tell if you’re cheating.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you're all keeping safe during the craziness, and I shall go post the second update for you!
The team sits in stunned silence as they watch the TV screen, Pepper still hovering near the door her expression telling them all she very clearly is not happy with what’s just taken place. Steve isn’t entirely sure he is either.
‘Hey Pete,’ Ned greets him as soon as he enters the school building with their secret handshake, ‘you finally ready to rejoin school like a normal person?’
Steve decides to take pity on the inventor and the teenager and takes a mouthful himself. He can’t help being surprised. ‘Tony did you make this from scratch?’
‘Easy for you to say. You’re not the one with a piece of metallic junk attached to your brain that’s slowly killing you,’ he says, looking up at the ceiling he’s been looking at for the past few months. One of Steve’s paintings in stuck up there, and there’s some more around the room. His friend’s attempt to give him something other than sterile white to look at.
‘And we owe him for helping get you out and stopping Hammer from activating that detonator,’ Natasha continues, and Peter dares to look up at them.
‘I’m here, Tony, I’m here. Just hang on, alright? Strange is going to try and help, and we’re getting a portal ready, T’Challa’s sent for Shuri, she’ll be able to help you. Just hang on a little longer alright?’
The news travels around the table like wildfire and soon it’s the main topic of conversation for the feast.
‘They won’t be close to the flag,’ Steve muses, ‘or else his own team would risk getting caught in them. I bet he’s just done it within the trees.’
them. But…I don’t want that. I’ve never wanted it. So, I don’t know why suddenly it seems like I do and…’ he trails off.
deer I might be able to find something for you,’ Tony sighs, ‘but the majority of the things you want to hunt either don’t exist on this planet or are endangered and you’re not
The Secretary nods. ‘I want a full mission report when you return. And try not to screw this up, Stark.’ With that the link disconnects and the screen goes blank.
The team discuss the Wakandan Accords; there's debate over pizza; and Steve and Tony take another step in their relationship
Peter pulls Ned towards the car with him, trying desperately to ignore all the muttering behind him. Well at least people will believe his Stark Internship story now. ‘Mr Stark, this is Ned Leeds. Ned, Mr Stark.’
‘Deadpool and Spider-Man in the same place? Well isn’t this just my lucky day? I wonder what price you two would fetch?’ the man tosses a knife to the man Peter had webbed to the table. ‘Cut yourself free and get the others cut out.’
Peter’s so distracted laughing at the sight of two super-soldiers rough housing worse than any of the teenagers in the school that he doesn’t notice the other person until they crash into him.
‘Move!’ she shouts, diving into him and sending them both flying as a giant green blur flies over them and heads into the forest.
‘Better hurry,’ MJ nods towards the disappearing group, ‘or you’re going to get left behind and have to sleep in the shed.’
I hope you've enjoyed it and thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos. I will be sitting down and responding to everything in the next few days, I thought it was best to get all the chapters written and up first.
“Well, do you know about his other achievement? Like he revolutionized heart surgery? Or invented a prosthetic arm? Or when he made a contact glass for color blind? Or his innovation to make a clean energy source? Or...”
Jealousy bloomed over him and Tony felt someone almost replaced him for Peter. He needed to talk to Bruce about this. Jarvis who quietly watched Tony chuckled by himself.
Tony who realized that Steve's mind now was trying to hold his blush either, but it didn't work well. As they reached the center of the park, Steve called Peter to buy an ice-cream. An ice-cream seller smiled as Peter ran towards them and told what he wanted. Tony wanted to pay them, but Steve insisted not to and then the four of them sit on the picnic table near them.
He immediately took the shield and hung it on his backpack, then propped the man up. Because he was taller than her, he could only support him and drag him away, hoping they would quickly find shelter. After positioning the man on his back, he immediately took the sword he had placed on the ground before.
“He-.” Tony found hard to answer. There was a lot of the reason why he really fell for his boyfriend. Kind, nice, gentle, care, and other good thing was not the only reason he like him, but there was also something- something different about him that make he like his boyfriend. Why he tried really hard to keep this relationship. Why this relationship lasted a year, this was the longest relationship Tony ever had. There was something his boyfriend had that he really wanted to have. Different from other people he knew. “He is different.” He blurted out without thinking.
Sam was quite grateful that they didn’t know Tony’s main reason about why he was here beside Steve. They were probably gonna concluded that Tony Stark and Steve Rogers is a friend or probably only for a work thing. Tomorrow is gonna be chaos for sure.
Tony turned to gaze at Steve and found that Steve was looking at him. Steve looked so beautiful and the sunset light made it more than before. The blond hair now spread golden bright color, his blue eyes looked brighter like seeing sunset light on the sea. “You are so beautiful.” Steve blurted out, and in the second they felt that only both of them who exist in the universe. Tony or Steve couldn't look away from each other.
Steve was working his report about the latest product that just released on the market. After he had done some research, he tried to search the survey he did for the next upcoming product.
“Steve, come down already, or you’re gonna be late.” The lady with blond shoulder-length hair shouted from the kitchen counter, placed the breakfast and finished the Bacon that she was cooking. She wore a baby blue aprons and a nurse uniform under it, the lady still could hear the music from the stairs.
“For being with me, for being my boyfriend, and for loving me through all this year,” Tony confessed. Before he could continue, Steve interrupted.
After he had done all of his work, his co-worker would deliver his task to his head division. He looked at his watch, it showed 11:10 AM. He knew his friend would ask him to join him for lunch. After he didn't have any work and it was still fifty minutes until the lunch, he took out his notebook from his bag. He did everything in his notebook like to do a simple sketch or write his plan, or probably listing the song he was gonna cover next.
That night, the Rogers and Barnes family did a Dinner together for celebrating their son’s acceptance. He already accepted for being skinny and short and didn’t care what everyone said to him.
“Yeah, I got. It’s already a year now.” He felt his face start overheating.  Admitting something like this to his Mother was something he never had done since his first relationship with someone, he never even told his parents about his first girlfriend.
“And who is the little kid?” his mother showed the photo to him, the Photo of him, Steve, and Peter at Steve's apartment. They were eating ice-cream cake bought by Tony for Peter because of Peter's 2nd place in the science competition for kids. On that photo, they were covered by cream and ice-cream cake. Tony and Peter were starting their food war. Tony smeared an ice-cream on Peter's cheek and Peter did the same to Tony's chin, and that how their food war began. Steve had tried to stop them, but both of them had teamed up against him and attacked Steve on his forehead and his cheek. Steve, of course, joined them and had his revenge. In the end, Steve ordered them to clean their mess. Before they did it, Tony told them to take a photo for that day. That day was the happiest day Tony ever had.
They reached the bus stop sign, but the words from Peter echoed in his mind, again and again. Steve moved closer to Peter, knelt in front of him and opened his hand to bear hug him. Peter jumped first and hugged him, and squealed joyfully. Steve caught Peter, laughed by his son’s act. Steve kissed his hair and whispered to his son.
“Are you sure? You probably wanna see his leaked sex tape on the internet that already a dozen of it” Bucky interjected.
He was surprised knowing that Tony Stark is as the same age as him. Not only because of that, Tony Stark even graduated from MIT on 17th with colorful grade and already invented things. Wondered what would be like talking to him. Knew their age was same, probably Tony would talk about intelligent things like tech or engineering, or maybe some song and single he will make. The blond was not very good at tech but didn't hate it, in fact sometimes absolutely adoring.
Thought the man. Whatever it was, he could be certain the person was a runaway slave. He saw many slaves who ran away from their masters because of improper treatment. Most of them ran into the forest to hide from their hunters.
“Wow Steve, does your head hit something?” Clint smiled as he teased Steve and being hit at the back of his head by Natasha. “Ouch!” Clint gave a dirty expression to Natasha, but she looked at him with the LOOK ‘if you said another word, I’m confident...’
Tony took his phone instantly from his mother’s hand and saw the message. He sighed in relief knowing that his boyfriend was on his way to work. He typed the reply and looked back to his mother who was grinning, at him.
“Yeah, me too Steve. I never know that you took this bus stop here to go to work. I know you have a car, but you are always using the bus every time you go to work” Sam greeted back as he started the conversation with Steve.
“Oh yeah!! I can see you enjoying this Jarvis!” Anthony started playing with his phone, uncovering his upset face.
He ran back to the other soldiers as he raised his wings, preparing himself in an attacking position to retrieve a shield while running. When he took a deep breath, a magic circle appeared right in front of his mouth, he felt the heat rising from his throat spread to his mouth cavity. So hot that faint steam and light were coming out of his mouth.
“I actually approved your relationship with her,” Josh said as he started playing with his phone. “You two really make a good couple.”
“Whatever, Rogers,” she said as rolled her eyes, gave a knowing look to Steve. Bucky, who kept silent, cleared his throat to gain their attention.
“Ah god ok, Buck. I like Tony Stark. I’m collecting his songs and albums, and sometimes following an article about him.” Steve groaned with his own confession. Why he didn’t drop it just like that?
‘I will, so what place is he gonna visit then?’ Before Steve could reply, he realized that Peter was looking at him with a knowing smirk.
Tony started to blush, he really didn’t know how to handle his mother. He knew his mother was supportive of him, but he had never thought about this. He tried to collect his mind, all about what was his activity on the recording studio and Stark industry. He was upset knowing his last activity most was in SI, but for now, he let it aside.
“I love you too, Peter. And I will always protect you. You are my treasure, my precious one.” Steve murmured to his son’s ear. After a moment, Steve released Peter from his embraced, Peter smile brightly and Steve returned to smile happily at him too.
