Popping up the collar of his jacket in an attempt further shield his face from view he ducked his head, attempting to hide in plain sight. It seemed to work, to an extent. John’s short stature made it easy to slip further into the masses unnoticed, and though he could hear shouting in the distance, nobody seemed to directly be seeking him out.
“Ah…” The sound slipped out past John’s soft lips, a deep hum of understanding.“I forget how you alpha’s are sometimes.” John admitted, dropping the cloth to the table. Sherlock felt the bed dip and sighed as John kneeled beside him, wrapping strong arms around his shoulders and dragging Sherlock in for a tight embrace against his bare chest. Sherlock felt and heard the gently smack of lips as they pressed to the top of his curls. He smiled against the swell of Johns bicep, “You like that you’ve thoroughly debauched me, don’t you?” John purred, his voice turning dark and sultry. “Smelling of nothing but sex and you.”
Next chapter we are finally going to hit those sexy times hinted at in the tags. It won’t have any significant plot points in it, other than them getting together, so you’ll be able to skip if this is something you don’t appreciate!
"Oh, I'm sorry, darling. I didn't mean to." John rolled his eyes, waving his hands about to disperse the scent in the air. "Omega instincts. Can't help it." He admitted, looking very chagrined.
On the other hand, if they were looking to capture John alive, then the guns were for nothing but show and damage, which gave him a distinct advantage in a fight. All that left was defending himself. He was pretty damn sure he could take on two goons on his own, as long as the conditions were right. His SIG-Sauer was in Sherlock’s room, tucked securely into the nightstand. No time to get to it. That narrowed things down, the only tactical weapon he had left on hand was the act of surprise and whatever he could find in the flat.
This chapter represents the beginning of something more between Mycroft and John. Yes, we have a few plot moving twists, we finally find some of the locations Sherlock had been investigating previously. Also, we find out were our dear alpha was taken down. But the main thing is that Mycroft seems to be stepping in as a Beta should, trying to comfort John. We're beginning to Mycroft open up alittle!
“Turn on your torch.” John commended. He didn’t want to put down his gun, not when he couldn’t be sure what lay waiting in the darkness. He waited impatiently, rocking on his heels, as the older man swapped his umbrella for his phone and flipped through to turn on the app. The glaring LED light flared brightly for a moment, making John hiss and cringe away. Once his eyes were adjusted, he caught sight of a closed door. Heart leaping, he reached out, twisting the handle using the sleeve of his jumper until the door creaked open on old hinges.
Above him, Sherlock let out a deep rumble of a chuckle, obviously not feeling the same way. “Come now, John,” He purred, and John sighed as he felt lips descend onto the pale expanse of his neck, soft, warm breath brushing against his skin as the other man scented him lightly. Sherlock seemed pleased with what he smelled, given the sweet rumbling sound of approval that vibrated against John’s neck. John hummed back, still too drowsy to open his eyes, but more than happy to arch his neck and offer more of it for the other man to examine. Sherlock seemed to appreciate the display of submission, the alpha in him no doubt pleased by it. Plump lips trailed up John’s throat, warm and damp, then he pressed a kiss to John’s mouth. He smelled slightly of last night's brandy and morning breath.
John gave him a looked, "You decided to- doing all this- because someone who looks like me shot you?"
They already had trouble enough on their hands, an unregistered gun shouldn’t add to the problem. Shuffling the contents of the drawer around to fill in the vacant space he closed the drawer and stepped out of the room, heading down the hall with one last glance around the house.
Blue like the desperate light in the eyes of a young omega broken and abandoned in a derelict building. Blue like the stark, bright veins that had stood out against the boy's neck in unnatural lines. Wrapping his Belstaff in tight around his thin frame he scowled, attempting to banish the painful visual through his mind.
He shivered as his bare skin exposed to the predawn light.  John was at home in his body, comfortable and self-assured. Sure he’d seen himself in the mirror often enough to know he was not the most magnificent sight to behold. Even for an omega, he was short.  While he exercised consistently, his muscles had started to soften slightly with age. He had more scars than most omega’s should, but he’d earned those, so he could hardly complain about that.
“I was just thinking about the scientific data on male omega reproductive systems,” Sherlock admitted against the shell of John’s ear. John groaned, one hand slapping against the top of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock flinched, even though the touch was light enough, and scowled, he ducked his face into the scoop of John’s neck to get away from John’s teasing.
It was a phrase ridiculously sentimental to the core. He was certain Mycroft would have a conniption at the very thought of him saying it aloud.
Oh, hell...that was so much worse. Sweet sapphire, twinkling with delight at the sight of Sherlock, the skin at the corners of his eyes crinkled with what Sherlock could only define as affection. Sherlock wanted to fall into their depths. To drown in them if needs be, so he could end the daily torture that was being John Watson's friend.
Poor Sherlock isn't feeling very well right about now. I've also introduced a few new characters. I really like Colt! He's fun to write, straight to the point, and kinda awesome. I got some strong COVID vibes while writing this. Colt's reaction to finding out Sherlock might be infected is the same as mine every time someone comes near me in the store.
"So, how'd it go, any breaks in the case?" He questioned, popping a small morsel of something in his mouth as he spoke. His tongue darted out to lap at his thumb. Sherlock watched the little peek of pink flesh dip out of John's lips before slipping back inside the hollow of his mouth.
The ringing in his ears died down enough for him to finally catch the sound of Mrs. Hudson screaming, her shrieks growing when she stumbled upon Jermaine’s bloody corpse.
"Lestrade?" Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief when the other end of the line picked up, Lestrade's gruff voice offering him a greeting.
It takes another little bit for his knot to come down enough to disengage. Dragging a hand down the to press on the warm muscles of John's belly, he gently released them from each other. Both of them are oversensitive and hiss in at the aching pleasure of disconnection.
“Nnnn…” John seemed to be beyond words, his mouth a red slash of panting, hot breaths, chest heaving and eyes closed as he relished the moment. A blush of pink pooled on the tan expanse of his chest, tinging it a lovely shade. Sherlock chuckled the sound dark and warm as John’s finger set to tugging him upwards, pulling at his hair, and then his ears and neck until he was level with John’s head again. He went willingly, pale eyes glinting brightly. “If you don’t get inside of me right now, I swear, I will strangle you.” John managed to vocalize after a moment of catching his breath, his throat no doubt dry from crying out. Sherlock reached for the bottle of brandy on the nightstand on offered it to John, humming his approval as the omega took a moment to swallow down a gulp, lips pursing against the burn. His eyes were sex drunk without the additional alcohol and hazy with need.
John cringed as he felt his leg twist uncomfortably, the knee giving off a jolt of pain he hadn’t even been aware of until that moment. Sucking in a calming breath, he tried to reign in his temper. If he was honest with himself, he had been painfully on edge recently, especially without Sherlock anchoring him down. Everything bothered him, from sounds to smells. He felt like an oversensitive bottle of nerves, jarring at every tap of a finger on his metaphorical glass. He had every right to be that way though, the man he had only just started dating, after years of unrequited desire, had been kidnapped! Of course, he would panic.
John nodded his agreement, he had seen worse, so much worse, in the battlefield on the front lines. But this was home, this was in his city, in his own country. He had come home from war and hoped never to have to experience anything like it ever again. It pissed him off to no end that someone out there was capturing helpless women, children, and men and selling them. For what purpose, he could not be certain, Mycroft said he did not know either, and John was inclined to believe him.
"Aren't you going to complain about me being more careful?" Sherlock called after John's retreating back."
Sherlock thought pale eyes flashed over the trash-strewn floor. Despite his feelings he felt something draw him deep into the building. A sound, or maybe a scuttle of movement deep in its recesses caught his attention. Torch light at his side he peered from room to room, searching for something, anything.
“You’re the one who’s been taking my people off the streets. The one supplying Eddington with his fodder for experiments.” Sherlock stated, not bothering to question, the pieces fit in too well together. “Ah,” Sherlock looked around over the derelict landscape, an even larger epiphany hitting home, “That would make all of this a setup than.”
On the floor were multiple metal fixtures drilled into the concrete, corner braces that possibly once held up walls, or some type of dividers. They lined the floor in large squares, one after another, so that if John tilted his head just right, he could visualize the walls they once created.
He could not bring himself to cast them out though, they lingered in his mind like seeping poison, making his heart pulse high and hot in his throat, and his tongue dry out in his mouth. Closing his eyes to the night sky he tried to breathe past that unfamiliar feeling.
“I should get that.” He mumbled against John’s lips, reaching for his phone with one hand, the other holding himself above John’s body with surprising ease.
John chuckled, his elbows slipped out from underneath him as he slumped bonelessly on the table. His chest rose and fell in rapid gasps. Taking in a calming breath, he seemed to consider the ceiling for a moment, "Not before you buy a lad a drink, right?" He lifted his head from the table and gave Sherlock a mischievous raise of his eyebrow. The pale length of his foot lifted up and shoved at Sherlock playfully, taking away any sting the words might have had.
Sherlock felt the giggles coming on again, his voice rising into a manic laugh. "Found your boy August." He admitted, scrubbing his aching hand down his aching face. Ugh, he was a mess.
John dragged in a harsh breath, and Sherlock felt the omega's lungs tense up with suppressed emotions. Was he thinking the same thing?
John recoiled, his head jerking back on his neck, stunned. “Triggers? Shove off, you wanker! I don’t have PTSD anymore!” John spat, turning from Mycroft and stalking away, his heels clipping on the dank concrete flooring and sending echoes up into the overhead rafters. John was flabbergasted at the very idea, he had not been triggered in years and was happy to consider himself cured of that particular ailment. It stunned him that Sherlock would think so low of him as to believe him incapable of doing a case. He wasn't some helpless omega who needed to be coddled.
“Right, that I did.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out ten pounds, handing it over without a fuss. He wouldn’t deny the kid the money, even if she had no information to give him. The fact that all of Sherlock’s homeless network had been mysteriously absent every time Mycroft’s posh crew had gone looking wasn’t lost on him. He was rather pleased one of them had finally chosen to show themselves, to him no less. He also wasn’t looking to burn the only bridge he’d found before he crossed it.
“Yes, well we’ve already established I am, in fact, human. Why don’t you focus on getting that taxi.” Mycroft urged.
"Told you to drop the gun, you dunce." Colt almost sounded regretful as he yanked the cushion off the couch and used it to elevate Sherlock's injured leg. This close the scent of almond bitters was heady and strong in the air. Sherlock couldn't tell if it was his typical smell, or if it was stronger thanks to the stress of the moment.
"Had a spot of trouble, boss," Colt admitted from his position by Sherlock. There was another flash, and then the older man was turning his phone screen for Eddington to examine.
"Holy-christ…how is this even happening." John groaned against the swell of Sherlock's collarbone. Sherlock just chuckled, equally as confused as John, his lips flashing into a smile that John could probably feel against his skin. He wouldn't question it, though. Nothing ever made sense with John Watson. That was what made him so damn brilliant. Shrugging his shoulders, Sherlock slid his fingers up under the hem of John's shirt, forcing it higher until he caught sight of the tan expanse of John's belly.
"Yes, darling, I think so." Pressing a kiss to John's lips, he shifted up to his elbows, disconnecting from the other man enough to put some space between them. Stroking the soft skin of John's belly, he could feel the slowly deflating swell of his knot. "Are you uncomfortable?"
Above John’s head, Sherlock’s phone began to chime in earnest, and Sherlock groaned, breaking the kiss with a sigh of regret.
“It is not his blood. Scent, can you smell it?” Mycroft commanded, his voice just above a whisper, even as he bent to speak into John’s ear, forcing his body in closer to John’s then they’d ever been before. John gasped in a couple sobbing breaths, dragging in the scent of…beta. First was the low-level scent of chai tea and bound books, Mycroft’s light fragrance tickling the edge of his nose as the older man pressed John’s head against the crook of his neck. And underneath that, almost blocked by Mycroft’s proximity, was the dulling scents of lavender, shea butter, dust and almond bitters, another beta, maybe two.
The sounds of Sherlock getting ready lulled him into a drowsy half-sleep. He listened to the scuffle of the other man moving through his closet and putting on his clothes. The splash of water on the bathroom sink and the sound of shoes being kicked into place were familiar enough that he barely noticed them, despite the fact he wasn’t in his bed.
His chances alone were closer to 50/50 at the moment, though if either one of them had a gun, he'd say it was much lower. With that in mind, there was nothing to do but wait and hope for a moment of action.
Despite his misgivings, the operations went off with only minor issues. Gunfire taking one casualty on the side of the perpetrator's. Though Sherlock doubted anyone would mourn the man's death. The end result was that they now had over a dozen wanted men in custody and just north of twenty-five captured omegas now in safe hands. Or as safe as they could be, considering the horrible things they'd been through. The trafficking ring had been larger than Sherlock had predicted, and there were signs that it extended far beyond this small building. The case wasn't over yet, but this was a good enough victory for everyone for now.
John crumbled to the sheets, his eyes closed, chest heaving. Sherlock couldn’t help but look down at the other man, watching the way he wound down from climax with drowsy shifts of his muscles and a slow arch of his back that tugged at where they were connected.
The thought rolls around and around in his head, a hot marble of molten metal that sears everything it touches. If John had been the one strapped down onto a gurney, keening that horrible omega cry, begging for help that could not be provided. What would he have done than? He supposed this might be what John talked about when he asked Sherlock to, “Show a bit of empathy.”
His eyes flickered over the tossed books on the floor and the open window. He closed it before he made his way over to the side-table drawer and slid it open. As he had expected, John’s gun sat in the drawer, tucked in among old pill bottles and of all things, a fox skull. Taking the gun he checked the safety before sliding it into the back of his trousers, the back of his suit-jacket hiding the bulge from sight.
Sherlock cursed under his breath. A feeling of disappointment growing in his gut, yet something still pushed him onward, a whisper of sound, a shuffle so far off and distant that it could have been a mouse. At the end of the long hall were more stairs, these he took too, lowering himself into the darkened depths of the sublevel floor of the building. Here, where there was little airflow, the smell of terror was strongest, soaking into his sinuses and making his instincts flare. His hand clenched tight around the barrel of his torch, knuckles white as he forced himself under control.
"Can't blame a man for trying." Sherlock choked through clenched teeth, the tendons of his neck distended from the pain as he struggled not to scream. His leg was on fire, two matching points of pain that radiated through bone and muscle tissue.
Reaching into the pocket of his coat he pulled out his slightly damp phone. The bandage on his hand impeded the move only slightly, and he lifted it up to eye it in the light with the vague sort of annoyance of a man who was used to dealing with injures. He'd need to remember to stop by Bart's later, John had been rather adamant about that much. Turning back to his phone it was instinct to flip through the various screens, finally reaching Mycroft’s number.
The very first omega to go missing had been a young man named Sebastian. Middle-class, with a family and a betrothed who loved him dearly. His kidnapping had been chalked up to a case of cold feet. According to his parents, he'd run away before and had an affection for drugs. Neither of which justified the end result. Running away was not permission to be kidnapped.
The driver stepped out of the car a moment later, he was tall enough to be an alpha, his bearing indicated a sense of entitlement that some alphas carried with their designation. Shutting the door the man paused and the blur of his face stared up into the camera for a moment before he gave a very deliberate nod in the direction of the camera lens, as if to say mission accomplished.
He was greeted with the smell of Chinese takeout and the sight of John’s back as he faced the microwave, no doubt reheating the food. The sight of him had Sherlock’s heart in his throat. He looked homey and comfortable in a set of worn jeans and a black tee that was rucked up one hip in a way that said he’d been sitting on the couch only moments before. His hair was still damp from a shower, left to dry without a fuss.
“Fucking finally!” John groaned against his lips, latching onto his mouth with an eager moan that went right down to Sherlock’s groin. Every cell in Sherlock’s brain sang out with pure joy. The scent of John warm honey, mixed with hints of ash and sun-soaked-wheat enveloped his senses, hot and warm, and so John that it took him higher than any drug ever had. He inhaled a desperate, gasp of air against John’s cheek, needing that scent deep in his sinuses. It felt so damn right, deep down into his core.
Sherlock falls to his knees, the drop to the ground sufficiently dramatic, in his own opinion. The drugs add a bit of realism, making his limbs uncoordinated and floppy. He falls forward onto his front, rainwater eagerly meeting his face as it greets the mud. It’s a move made more out of necessity than anything since he cannot be certain if the cabby will attempt to continue the beating, and would like to protect his face and internal organs from further damage. The cold feels good on the quickly inflaming skin of his chin and even better on his fevered brow.
August rubbed a shaking hand over his face, moaning. “They…they left-I hid.” He explained, to distress to get much out through his terrified chattering teeth. His eyes flickered over to a doorway on Sherlock's left, another closet, the open door streaked with messy handprints. “Please help, please, I need a doctor.” He croaked, voice cracking as he reached for Sherlock, fingers twisting in the lapels of the alpha’s jacket. His grip was shockingly strong, yanking Sherlock down to his level with ease.
Making a leap of logic Mycroft pulled up a visual of Texaco petrol stations in the area, and narrow his search down to those next to a CCTV camera. Accounting for the potential distance John had traveled on foot he narrowed down his parameters further. Clicking rapidly through his program, he pulled up the footage of each camera that met the criteria he had set. Flashing from one visual to the next, until he caught sight of what he was looking for. He wasn’t surprised to find the lens already pointed in John's direction. His unknown hacker was no doubt manipulating the camera from another location.
Recognizing one's mortality was always a bit of a downer. However, recognizing the mortality of the man he had been harboring feelings for the last couple of years was quite possibly worse.
"We heard gunfire." He admitted, coming up to Sherlock's side and peering into the room. "Jesus...you found another one?"
"Sebastian Fletcher?" Sherlock blinked, shocked at his luck. Sebastian was one of the first omegas the police had evidence of being taken. That had been five years ago. He'd assumed the boy would have been sold off by now. Moving further into the room, he came up close enough to make out the finer details of the person before him. It was the hair that caught his attention first.
Colt was all business, kicking the gun from Sherlock's hand before taking hold of his hair and yanking him backward and away from the desk by the strands. His head hit the concrete with a resounding thump, and he groaned as the movement dragged his injured leg out from under him. He groaned as the world spun for a moment, vertigo.
Sherlock scowled, eyes turning to Colt's gun, same make, some look. From this angle, he could see the safety, simple enough. His finger moving for the button was punctuated by Colt's soft put upon sigh.
Mycroft’s voice was a distant hum compared to the keening sound of his own blood in his ears. John shook his head, attempting to clear it and remember exactly where he was, “Some alley… Texaco maybe…” He knew what he was saying didn’t make sense, but his brain and his mouth were having difficulty lining up. “I’m fine, ‘m fine. I’s not a heavy dose yet.” If John’s voice slurred he hardly noticed. Molasses slow he managed to get back to his feet. Using the wall for balance he struggled to get one foot in front of the other and made it to the end of the alley.
"Oh, he's practical enough. An eye for an eye and such." Colt snorted, pausing to examine the prone body of his ex-partner. No love lost then, the only regrets he had seemed to be over the fact that he'd accidentally shot him.
“Stop here,” Sherlock commanded, watching as the van pulled onto the road ahead and turned to the left, disappearing around the corner. The brakes on the cab squeaked and Sherlock glowered at the necessity of having to pay the man himself, instead of just jumping out. John usually did the paying. Without saying anything further he tossed a couple of notes at the man over the partition and stepped out into the rain dashed road.
Sherlock didn't mind, though, not now and most certainly not last night. Instead, he eyed John like he was one of his cases, something worthy of capturing all of his attention, a puzzle to be appreciated and examined. The heady scent of arousal tinged the air with the smell of thunder and cut grass, that, combined with Sherlock’s natural petrichor scent, made John feel as though he was in the middle of a storm.
"The fuck? When did August go missing?" Eddington questioned, his ugly scent turning even more rancid with his anger. "Tabitha, look at his damn eyes, is he showing any symptoms?"
Mycroft thought about hitting the grey-haired dolt over the head but instead opted for taking the high road and turned away, telling himself it was not a retreat, even as his steps took him back to his vehicle. Anthea stood next to the door, and she opened it for him as he came close. He knew her well enough to see the tension in the shoulders, the anger in the set of her chin.
Colt grunted, a man of many words. Sherlock didn't have the energy to think about these new developments, on being a guinea pig, or a lab result, or the fact that he was currently a hostage. Instead, he was fading rapidly into the shock Tabitha had been speaking of.
Sherlock bit back his disappointment at that time was limited, and he didn't want to waste it, dragging himself back up through the shroud of another drug-induced haze. The roots of his hair throbbed as a ham-hard fist twisted into them so he could jerk his head to the side, exposing the long column of his neck for the needle. He felt it prick the skin, and it was through sheer force of will that he didn't yank the thing free and stab it into dear Jason's eyeball.
He kept those words in tight to his chest though, there was plenty of time for them to explore this thing they had just started.
So overwhelming that for a moment, he couldn't think. This was John, John crying in need. It did not help that he had never actually heard John make such a sound before. That John was resilient and self-reliant and would more than likely call him a twit for even thinking he'd ever make that horrid noise in the first place. His damned mind was playing tricks on him, replacing the young man with someone much old and far more dear to him.
“Come on then.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John slipped past him and made a detour to the liquor cabinet to bring down a bottle of brandy, waving for Sherlock to follow with the three fingers that weren’t gripping the bottle by the neck. Sherlock shook his head, laughing under his breath, but followed behind John anyway. “I’m not gonna have our first shag be on the kitchen table with Mrs. Hudson getting an earful downstairs.”
At his front door, he heard the rap of Mycroft’s umbrella, sharp and jarring in the otherwise silent flat. “Coming.” He shouted, kicking on his shoes and cursing his luck once more at being stuck with two Holmes brothers. One was just as impatient as the other. Reaching out, he popped the deadbolt and opened the door, focused more on the zipper of his jacket than anything.
Never before had he felt so discomfited sitting in a premium leather seat, in an air-conditioned vehicle. The fact that he couldn’t actually see the other man was the greatest cause of his discomfort, more so than he’d like to admit. He was always the man who
“I’m a Beta darling. This is basically in the job description. I might be asexual, but instincts are instincts” Mycroft raised an eyebrow, his thumb leaving a lingering trail of comfort up the column of John’s throat. Mycroft's pompous voice was oddly soothing as it rumbled against his chest, where their two bodies leaned against each other.
Taking a moment for himself, he paused on the street edge, looking out over the River Thames. His eyes lingered over the dark blue water, lapping at the edge of the Westminster Pier. The lights from the Ferris-wheel across the way reflected bright azure across the surface of the river.
His head is starting to ache, a slow-building feverish pain that makes him wish for a cup of tea and a nice warm fire. He pushed aside the discomfort in favor of the case. There would time later to deal with an encroaching cold when people weren’t being taken off the street and used for medical experimentation.
Gun still trained on his prone figure Colt walked to the door and opened it. "Need a medic. Get Eddington in here!" He yelled with sharp clarity down the hall, projecting his voice with impeccable strength. Sherlock laughed, because he'd finally get to see Eddington's face, and for all purposes had no way of getting the information back to Mycroft.
Mycroft Holmes sat in the back seat of his town car, eyes trained on the laptop in front of him. Inside he was surrounded by the buffered silence of the vehicle’s noise-canceling equipment. Outside he barely caught sight of his men on the ground, baton’s flailing, tasers out and at the ready as they took down the men that had seen fit to attack 221B. He trusted them to do their jobs, and every one of them was handpicked by him or Anthea. They had their part, he had his. Being inside the vehicle, he could not hear the yells or orders of his peons, instead, he was trapped in the prevailing sounds of John’s gasping exhales, broken by curses and choked shouts.
Sherlock hummed under his breath, calmed just by John's response. Tucking his phone away in his pocket, he took the steps down to the Underground, shoulder's bowed in thought. Pulling his travelcard from his wallet, he scanned it at the check station and stepped onto the Jubilee Line, letting the subway blitz him home.
His senses were on such high alert that he could hear the sound of the gun cocking on the other side of the door. John hardly reacted when the bullet exploded through the lock of the wooden door frame, sending shards of wood and metal flying outwards. He watched with sharp attention as the door slammed inward, coming inches away from his face before stopping against the firm press of the sole of his shoe. He could feel the tension of someone else holding it open from the other side, a beta, by the smell of him wafting from around the door.
“Not this time,” Mycroft admitted, voice solemn and filled with sadness, the way his fist clenched speaking volumes for how saying those words affected him. John felt another tear spill down his cheek and caught it with his hand before it had the chance to fall.
“Hello, Emergency Service operator. Which service do you require?” The phone picked up, a generic women’s voice answering on the other side of the line.
As it was, he could hear the heavy tromp of Mycroft’s oxfords on the steps outside the flat. He scowled in annoyance, not sure what wayward brain cell had decided to ask the all-mighty Mycroft for help was a good idea.
Rocking his hips John was the first to start them in that age-old rhythm, using Sherlock’s arms as leverage, until Sherlock joined in, meeting him thrust for thrust. He slid out to the tip, then pistoned his hips forward, deep into John with a sharp thrust. The new position had John welcoming him more eagerly. Sherlock dragged fingers down warm skin, biting them against John’s hips and gripping tight as he picked up the pace, thrusting into John with slow deep drives of his cock. Slick spilled from within the omega, staining the sheets and filling the air with the heady scent of John.
Maeve, a member of his team, stood outside, crouched down to peer into the window. Slowly Mycroft rolled down the glass, turning his head to give her his full attention. She nodded in greeting, her nose wrinkled at the scent of strong emotions hanging heavy in the air
“Yes, darling, I think so.” Pressing a kiss to John’s lips he shifted up to his elbows disconnecting from the other man enough to put some space between them. Stroking the soft skin of John’s belly he could feel the slowly deflating swell of his knot. “Are you uncomfortable?”
"Oh yeah? Should I remind you I only have a sister?" John raised his eyebrow incredulously, his voice warm and playful. He was so different from Sebastian. Features open and pain-free. The smile on the edges of his lips faded at the sad look in Sherlock's eyes. "Bad than?" The omega questioned, reaching out and taking Sherlock's hand in his own, squeezing Sherlock's fingers in a show of concern. Sherlock winced as John's fingers brushed over the jagged bullet wound on his hand. He looked down just as John caught sight of the injury.
John’s eyes widened and the crook of his arm squeezed tight around Sherlock’s forearm as he shifted back and away from the sudden swelling. “Shhh love, easy.” Sherlock gasped out, pressing kisses over John’s love bitten thigh. Watching as John's features twisted with discomfort for a moment before going lax with ecstasy as the second wave of his orgasm hit, easing the way for Sherlock’s knot. Sherlock panted through that aching spasm of muscles, moaning along with John as they road through the pleasured spasms of John’s channel. It was gentler this time, no seed spilling from the omega, just biology attempting to insure procreation as omega muscles clamped down around alpha knot.
Putting his concerns behind a door in his Mind Palace, he set to getting his drug-addled body back into working order. Slow, careful movement were essential. He started with isometric clenching and relaxing of muscles until the fibrous tissue worked free the drug, and his muscles began to feel fully functional. His arms and legs awoke from their forced stasis, coming alive with pinpricks and the feeling of ants crawling on skin. A quick assessment had him feeling a limited amount of confidence. The blow to the face had rattled his jaw, and his right hand would be almost useless in its current condition, the ligaments to swollen with infection. He could work with that.
Sherlock blinked, turning away from the mirror and heading back to the room with feet that slapped lightly against the wood floor. "I met your twin today." He admitted as he stepped back into the room and handed the square of cloth over to John.
"As Anthea told you, there isn't much you can do," Mycroft explained. How could he not understand? It didn't matter of John sat on his arse all day while they figured out where Sherlock was. It didn't matter, because John just needed to know
"Is now really the time?" Sherlock groaned, turning to give the detective a look, one brow raising high on his pale forehead as he glared. Betas, the world would fall apart if they couldn't dig their little talons into an alpha or omega's business.
They moved and touched and explored each other with eager touches and skilled hand until both of them were panting and gasping for more. Until the former army captain was left an unthinking mess under his hands, moaning and keening for more, exactly how Sherlock wanted him.
Colt grunted a sound of disgust; the feeling seemed to encompass most of his coworkers. "Come off it, have a little bit of class." Came the response. "'Sides, he's not supposed to be tough, he's supposed to be smart." There came the sound of leather creaking followed by the drop of an arse onto a soft cushion. That seemed to grab Bordy's attention letting off of his shoe.
"Fucking finally!" John groaned against his lips, latching onto his mouth with an eager moan that went right down to Sherlock's groin. Every cell in Sherlock's brain sang out with pure elation. The scent of John, warm honey mixed with hints of ash and sun-soaked-wheat, enveloped his senses, hot and sweet, and so John that it took him higher than any drug ever had. He inhaled a desperate gasp of air against John's cheek, needing that scent deep in his lungs. It felt so damn right, deep down into his core.
a cure-all for medical ailments. His coming into your life may have helped ease the symptoms, but they will not just disappear. And while a certain amount of adrenaline helps you along. We are not living in a fairy tale.” Mycroft spoke his words emphasized by the sharp click of his umbrella as he fell in stride beside John on his right side. “We all have weaknesses that must be accounted for.”
On his longer legs, Sherlock quickly caught up, reaching out with his good hand. He wrapped it around John's neck and yanked the other man against the wall. John laughed loud and clear as he followed Sherlock's demands, dropping back to throw one leg over Sherlock's hips, bracing himself against the wall and Sherlock.
“I’m not eating until you tell me what happened,” John ordered, scowling at the lovely set of china Mycroft settled down on the table in front of him, complete with saucer and matching teacup. It was a step up from John’s mismatched mugs and the kitchen countertop he usually ate at when he was in a hurry.
"We're not mated, Lestrade." Did he sound disappointed at that? He supposed he must. John Watson was the bane of his very existence...in the best way possible. "He can do what he pleases. Which, according to him, is night shifts at the A&E...so..." It was hard to hide his frustration. He knew John had a life and sometimes maybe needed some space, but damn it if he felt just a little bit empty whenever the omega was gone.
Sherlock thought as he deposited the bottle of brandy on the nightstand. A deep alpha growl of approval rumbled in his chest as John worked himself up to a full erection with a couple swipes of his palm, not even remotely self-conscious. All the while thinking it was was worth observing that it wasn’t the physical that made John blush.
Here the true depths of their operation could be seen. IV bags and soiled, filthy mattresses, the smell of rot and urine, and sometimes death. Though there were never bodies found that he knew of. Molly would have to assist him in analyzing the fluids inside of the IV bags, but he had a feeling they'd be a cocktail of downers and suppressants. Drugs to keep omegas calm. Docile even. Which, Sherlock knew, was difficult enough, much less holding back a dozen or more from subdropping from stress or, even worse, advancing into heat at the wrong moment.
“Obviously, that’s not enough, has there been a ransom, a body, anything? You haven’t picked up your fucking phone or texted." Three month's of almost no contact, with Mycroft on radio silence. If John didn't know better he would have thought he'd just up and imagined the Holmes brothers. It was driving him mad, off the walls bonkers. "Then you send Anthea to do your dirty work." Anthea, he'd practically tried to rip her throat out when the Alpha woman tried to step into his home, into Sherlock's territory. Oh, she'd been lucky to come out with her carotid intact. "How am I supposed to take you at your word?”
“Don’t be absurd,” Mycroft scowled, his lips pursing into a thin line, aghast at the very notion. “I can hardly understand what my brother sees in you!”
Mycroft leaned back against the settee with a sigh, staring at John with quiet, assessing eyes. The doctor was reminded that Mycroft was a Holmes through and through, and therefore saw more than most people. John straightened his spine, trying to look stronger than he felt under the man’s evaluating gaze. He was not confident in what the other man was looking for, but more than willing to prove himself. They both lingered in their respective areas of the parlor, neither one moving, as they considered the problem at hand. When the older Holmes finally spoke up, it was not at all what John was expecting.
He watched as John fell back on his elbows, leaning heavily on the wood of the table. “Bloody hell, that’s more than okay.” He gasped, the scent of his arousal growing, a bouquet of burnt sugar with undertones of almond. Sherlock sucked on one exposed hip bone, his fingers working at the button to John’s trouser’s, sliding the zip down with a hiss of sound.
"How long have you been here?" Sherlock asked, pressing his fingers to Sebastian's pulse. He seemed close to passing out from fear.
She crouched against the mossy brick of a local market, delving into a bag of crisps John had purchased with visible gusto.
At the same time, he used his momentum, digging his trainer into the green wooden door and using the force of it to propel himself forward before the omega had a chance to react. The dark-haired omega was still holding up his gun like a damn rookie, and John was fast enough that the other man did not have a chance of reacting before John was on him. The rubber of his shoes squeaked when he brought his shoulder up under the man’s armpit. Using the idiot's out-held arm as leverage, John wrapped the would-be attacker's forearm in both his hands. All he needed was a rocking jerk of his hips and, using his shorter height to his advantage, he flipped the omega’s larger body over his shoulder with a sharp motion. He ignored the other man's cry of surprise, painfully aware of the gun held at the other end of those hands.
"What? You two haven't left each other's side in years, and I haven't seen him going on a month. What am I supposed to think?" Lestrade protested, shifting on his ankles to peer up and over the edge of the car, his eyes flashing with the reflection of the lightning above. "So...did you have a falling out?"
All John knew was that he most certainly could see evidence of previous habitation. One room held a child’s toy. Another had half a dozen mismatched shoes on the floor. In a separate apartment, the smell of death was still strong, despite the length of time it’d been since someone had occupied it.
Sherlock closed his eyes, relishing the moment. A moment he honestly had never thought he would get to have. “To be honest, I am surprised we just did that,” Sherlock admitted, running his hand through John’s sweat-dampened locks in return. His fingers shook in the aftermath of their coming together, uncertainty coming back now that the heat of the moment had passed. What had they just done? Would it last, could they make this new thing work? Change was terrifying, what's more, neither of them was very good at it. He couldn’t recall the last time he’d seen John buy something new at the grocery, it was always the same staples, picked with exacting precision. He himself struggled even to go into a new restaurant, and they had the same five takeout menu’s for the last four years. Unchanging. Maybe unchangeable?
It didn't last long. The scent of pleased, comfortable omega lingered in Sherlock's nose, urging him forward. Sherlock crawled onto the bed, spreading John's legs and blanketing himself on top of the omega until they lined up hip to hip. They both gasped, eyes locking, as cock brushed against achingly hard cock. He dropped immediately to John's lips. Using his teeth to nibble along John's lower lip with aching slowness until the omega opened his mouth with a throaty groan and let Sherlock in.
“Oh.” A final thought occurred to him and he bent his tall form to peer into the cab as he thought of something else. “Anthea, if you would be so good as to look into whoever took over my cameras it would be much appreciated. Why don’t you take care of that personally.” She looked up from her notes, an expression of indecent delight overtaking her features. She did so love when her assignments were up close and personal. He had no doubt she would take care of the problem and bring it to a neat and tidy end. Anthea, despite what her appearance and her current job description said, was a highly-skilled bodyguard and assassin. She might appear unassuming and disinterested, but behind that vague exterior was a sharp mind, and an even sharper blade.
There was a scuffle of movement in the dark, a whimper that would have sent those with a lesser spirit running. Heart jolting in his chest, Sherlock turned the beam toward the movement, twisting his wrist until the torchlight landed on a small figure crumbled in the corner of the room.
“They’ve been operating for quite some time,” Mycroft added, his voice a sharp with anger. “Right under our noses, might I add.”
"I trust you. Doesn't make this any easier, though." Lestrade admitted, scratching at his chin, where a five-o'clock shadow was eeking its way towards a beard. Neither one of them looked at their best. It'd been a long day. A long month!
John choked, unable to get in any oxygen through the tight band of pressure around his neck. Blinking through watering eyes, he stopped his mad grappling, forcing his panic down. Rocking against the weight of his assailant, he managed to get his legs under him, his heels scrambling against the throw rug underneath them. It took everything in him to gather his strength to buck his body backward, slamming his head back against the man holding him. Stars sparked in his vision when his head collided with something hard, bone hopefully, a nose or cheekbone. It wasn’t enough, the other man just cursing and squeezing his grip tighter until John’s eyes started to darken on the edges from lack of oxygen. Not ready to give in, John switched strategies. Instead of trying to yank the man’s arm off his throat, he twisted in the man’s grasp, slamming his elbow into the soft flesh of the other man’s solar plexus. Once…twice…three times, before the omega, gave in with muffled cry and released him. Gasping for breath, John contorted away from his attacker, rolling off him and onto his belly.
“No,” he replied, “you won't. I'm sorry, I cannot help you. It is not my place to stop her death.” And that was that. He left- well, he vanished in a puff of black smoke. John could only watch as his father began weeping on the floor, devastated. He helplessly tried to comfort his father without knowing how to even begin. His father pushed him away, snapping at him with a sneer on his face, and John, weak and young, remained silent as they began the long journey home.
Greg huffed a laugh, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, well, take care. I guess I'll go visit Mrs Hudson and have a chat with her instead then. I have some cases for you as well, if you'd take them.”
Sherlock's heart sped up at the idea, something akin to fear and resignation rising in his chest. This felt too much like a goodbye. Sherlock had thought that he had finished saying goodbyes since he jumped from the roof. It wasn't fair for the universe to force him to say goodbye over and over again. Over and over again to John. Whom he loved. “I don't want you to go.”
“Your sister is healed, but she is not the worst of your problems.” John stared at him, knowing he should be joyful, but he knew there was something about to happen. Something ominous was lurking, ready to creep up on him and drag him downward into the bottom of the ocean. “It's time to choose a side, Doctor Watson. Something is coming, and you've been chosen to play a hand in it.”
responsive and had drunk more than was responsible, slurring his words and leaning forward a bit too close.
John laughed, shaking his head. “I'll go to the temple when morning comes. You should rest. I'll be in the guest room.” Harry simple hummed, nodding and staring at the far wall in front of her. John didn't move for the rest of the night, holding her close and trying to ignore the unimaginable looming over the both of them.
Somehow, his feet found the NSY, and hesitantly, he entered and found his way to Greg's office. It took a while for Greg to register his presence- he startled, nearly spilled his coffee, and let out a long stream of inventive curses as he clutched his chest- but when he did, it only took a few seconds for Greg's eyes to soften once he'd recognized Sherlock and had gotten over the little fright he'd gotten. “Sherlock,” he said, voice rumbling and soft, like the thunder that always soothed Sherlock's worries during childhood. It frightened Mummy, but to Sherlock, the thunder was good; thunder meant he could stay at home, where it was safe and the kids at school couldn't get him. It meant that the sky crackled and snapped sometimes too, that the skies sometimes couldn't handle the pressure and broke under it.
Mycroft stepped forward, outstretching his hand. Hesitantly, John gave his left one as well, and Mycroft looked at it closely. “Remarkable. We've not had one in years. Sherlock has certainly never had one in his short existence yet. You must go to him, as soon as you can.”
And that was the end of the conversation, and Sherlock breathed a little better just knowing that Greg was there, just a bit out of reach, ready to help him and hold him if he needed it. For the moment he settled for climbing into the shower and trying to scrub the dirt out of his skin, rubbing until he was red and raw and until he was sure that none of the dirt was still on his skin. When he laid down to sleep though, he could still feel it, the dirtiness, wriggling underneath his skin. He closed his eyes until he managed to fall asleep, waking in the morning with a weariness in his bones and eyes.
Sherlock wanted to scream, to get into John's face and shout, but he just blinked at the cup of tea being placed into his hands for a few seconds before he shrugged. It was easier to avoid unwanted conversations by telling a different truth. A modified truth. “Nothing of import happened. A case, a few too many bottles of beer and then we headed home. Dull. I wish I could forget it at well to clear up some space for new information and not have it clogging up my hard drive.”
Sherlock stood his ground, tilting his chin up and forcing himself to breathe, telling himself that the ache in his chest will fade away in time list it always did.
When Greg suddenly showed up at his flat and wrapped him in his arms, Sherlock couldn't help but find it unsurprising. With teary eyes, Greg embraced him as if he was trying to pull the broken pieces of him back together with his grip alone. Sherlock couldn't help but shut his eyes and breathed in the comfort, allowing himself to indulge in it for once. “Oh, Sherlock.”
The door slammed open, and one of the younger officers began talking to Greg in rapid-fire fashion, giving all the necessary details he needed for some new case. Sherlock didn't bother to listen for details. He left as soon as he could excuse himself without drawing suspicion, covered in cold sweat as he all but ran out of Greg's office when nobody looked. He couldn't drop his cover. Couldn't be found out. It was like being a fugitive all over again, except this time it was worse.
John met his eyes then, once Sherlock was disheveled from his hands, shirt undone and open, revealing pasty white skin underneath. “Is this- do you want this?” he asked, and Sherlock wasn't sure how to answer. Was this what he wanted?
The gods were tired. John didn't know gods could ever grow tired. Thought there were meant to be hardy and brilliant and dazzling, but the man in front of him looked like a businessman who'd spent the day bargaining for a deal he got the short end of the stick on.
Sherlock scowled at him, his fingers clenching into fists. “I knew what I was doing, John. I was trying to make him trust me enough to say something that could give me a clue – just a small clue- that could help me figure out his motives.” He crossed his arms over his chest, glaring back at John who seethed in front of him. “And if I did decide to snog him, I don't see why it's any of your business. If you have something against my homosexual leanings, then you're perfectly free to leave the moment it makes you uncomfortable.”
John slowly nodded. He'd heard of him before, spoken about in whispers during lunch or in the library as they read over texts. Nobody really mentioned him that often, because he was a young and restless god and he mostly kept to himself, neither helping nor hurting people he came across unless provoked. “Yes, sir.”
. He was usually against helping people and more interested in causing trouble for everyone, even at the ire of his brothers and sisters.
[I'm listening.] was the message that Sherlock received and he couldn't bite back the smile on his face.
John remained silent until they got off the cab and then rounded on him, slamming the door. “How fucking
John was already up when Sherlock entered the kitchen, fixing himself some tea and looking up at Sherlock with his guileless baby blue's. “Mornin' sunshine. What happened last night?”
The sob that left his throat burned and it felt like there wasn't enough oxygen on Earth to support him and his shattering soul. It felt like something was ripping inside of him, breaking and fraying and burning. He didn't know why he was crying, it was a stupid emotional response, but he knew that it all just hurt
Harry smiled weakly, taking his hand into hers, just as she used to when they were children and they still slept in the same room. “By the gods, you really are back,” she breathed, her eyes sparkling in the light of the fire. “I thought I wouldn't live to see your face again. I've missed you.”
John hesitantly nodded. Sherlock knew it wasn't the entire truth, but he couldn't bring himself to say that out loud. After a few seconds of staring at one another John gave him a brief nod to say goodbye and walked out the door. Sherlock watched him, listened to his limping steps, and closed his eyes at the sound of the door slamming downstairs.
And John's father, teary-eyed as he knelt on the tiles, looked up at him. “Because I love her. I would do anything for her!”
“What?” Mike asked, trying to seem innocent but not quite managing to fool the likes of John Watson.
John thought on it for a few seconds before coming onto a conclusion. “Then I'll leave for a bit and you can decide at the end of it how you want to do things. Say, 6 months? And I'll call or we can meet up, and then... decide from there what to do. What do you say?”
“Going out and snogging a hacker- are you that lonely? Is that how far gone you've gotten, you're willing to fuck a fucking criminal?”
Sherlock didn't really know anymore, and frankly he was glad for it. Ignorance was bliss, as the common people said. He never agreed with it before, but now...
This story will not be finished and truly, I do not think it deserves to be finished. This is a story I began when I was struggling through some emotions and now, after much thinking, recovery, and a clearer sense of self, this story fills me with a sense of dread and reminds me of a time in my life that I don't wish to return to. It's been a long time and we're entering a new year, let alone a new decade, so I hope that the people who waited for a part 4 and a resolution will understand if I decide to leave this story behind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I'm afraid to say I haven't had much luck in the romance department. Do you still try to seduce people with your go-to piece, Debussey's Clair de Lune?” Sherlock smiled, his eyes sparkling with the light of a hundred stars.
After a few seconds, Mike sighed deeply, deflating. His smile fell off of his face and John knew it was something serious. “I heard something recently- and I'm not sure how accurate this is, mind- but I heard someone saying that Harry's sick and it's bad too. They said something about her looking like she was dying and someone might have caused it- a curse or poison maybe, nobody's figured it out yet.”
John could only stare at him for a few seconds in incredulity and shock, his heart aching in his chest. He'd been planning to go visit her today, but he hadn't been able to get a chance. He'd put off visiting her because it was raining.
I'm sorry for not finishing this story. Imagine the ending to be what you need it to be at the point you are at right now. Imagine it to be them recovering and relearning love with one another if that is what you need right now. Imagine them fighting, yelling so loudly that the gods themselves tremble, imagine Sherlock standing up for himself if you need that. Imagine Mycroft and Greg stepping in, imagine a rescue, imagine whatever it is you wish.
Sherlock nodded, placing his head in his hands. He could hear the rain beating a violent pattern on the window like pellets crashing against the glass. John was silent, picking up the chair and sinking into it. For a few minutes nobody said anything, but John was the one to break it. “How can I fix what I've done? This is not something that I can even ask forgiveness for. If you decide to press charges, I won't stand in your way. I'll plead guilty. Just... tell me how to make it up to you.”
John moved in small circles over Sherlock's crotch, his teeth grit tight and his eyes filled with desire and heat. A broken whimper left Sherlock before he bit down on his lip and threw an arm over his face, trying to hide the heat in his cheeks. John moved clumsily, ripping off his jeans and pants, tossing them onto the floor before he yanked off Sherlock's boxers as well, leaving them skin-to-skin. “God,” John whispered, leaning down and pressing his lips against Sherlock's collarbone, slowly inching his way downwards the porcelain body beneath him, trying to ignore every scar he came across. Trying to ignore
“What's going to happen?” John asked, feeling fear creeping into him- something heavy and dark as oil injected into his veins, spreading through him like cancer.
of pretending not to feel, for he felt so much that he drowned in it when he couldn't control the waves that washed over him. “Will you help me? I don't think- I can't imagine trying to do this alone.”
These were all the things John Watson had learned about Mycroft during his childhood, things taught at school and told to him by his parents. John had only been to Mycroft's temple once when he was a child, when his father was trying to bargain for his mother's life, but the god- who came to them in his human form, as he usually did with mortals- merely cocked his head and said what he said to the unfortunate ones.
It all started out with a man flirting with Sherlock during a case. They had to go to a club to try and find the perpetrator who was targeting homosexual men who fit Sherlock's description: tall, lanky, dark curly hair, and intelligent or somehow powerful. So naturally Sherlock went, left a note on the fridge, and tried to find whoever was conning and pulling giant scams on men like him. Hacking, identity theft, stealing of things not really important for money but for power. Not to mention the fact that there seemed to be something bigger behind the scenes, as if these scams and thefts were part of something else. It was interesting, and as he sat in the club with skintight jeans and his violet dress shirt on, his hair styled fashionably with copious amounts of gel, he knew he was eye-candy for someone who would be drawn to him like a bee was drawn to honey.
Emptiness. Numbness. Hollowness. He felt nothing at all, his eyes tired and his limbs heavy. It felt like he'd had something important carved out of his chest and there was nothing left but a gaping hole that dripped blood at his feet. By the end of the night he'd have filled the room with enough blood to drown him if he didn't do anything about it. With trembling fingers he pulled out his phone and set a single text.
, for the warning signs that Sherlock was off, and usually Sherlock had no problem with it. It was routine, ordinary,
Rape, sexual assault, and such things are difficult to depict. They are messy, painful subjects. This isn't a romance. This is a tragedy.
The flames dancing in John's eyes, the trembling in John's hands, the coldness that filled 221B Baker Street now that its two tenants had fallen from grace. The loyal soldier who lost all faith and the unfeeling machine who broke his own heart loving a human who didn't believe him capable of such things. John tightened his grip on Sherlock's shirt, his blue eyes a fire that Sherlock didn't know how to put out.
When John crashed their lips together, Sherlock couldn't help but think that it's too soon. It was too soon after all that had happened, and John's fingers burned through Sherlock's paper skin without any thought for the ashes he'd be leaving behind. It felt
So Harry did. She told him about how she'd gotten married to Clara against the wishes of Clara's father early on in the year, and how they spent weeks in the Gardens, where they celebrated their marriage. She gave Clara a spot in her shop, and Clara used most of her inheritance to build themselves a house of their own. Things went well- Harry managed to graduate as a level 5 and Clara was a level 4. That was, until later on in the fall, when they came upon an unsavory character by the name of Jefferson, who came to the shop to try and find books on black magic and necromancy. When Harry said they didn't have one and what he sought was illegal, he grew angered and left.
“Please, heal the afflicted, and help them to recover through and through. I ask for you to give your blessing to my loved ones and-”
I hope my message finds you in good health. You've made quite a name for yourself. The doctor's writings are interesting, and I do not doubt the authenticity of them for a second. I know you, after all, I've always known that between the two of us you were capable of achieving greatness. It's been a long time- far too long than is excusable really- since we last spoke. I'm sure that you know why I had to leave, after all that brilliant and wonderful mind of yours seems to always know things it shouldn't ;) but I'll admit it here, behind the safety of a screen. During our association I was happier than I could remember ever being in the company of anyone else' at the time, and I truly regret leaving so abruptly and without warning. I was a coward. My father had found out about the extent of our closeness and threatened that I be removed from his will if I continued on with my “sinful and immoral sexual conduct”, and you know that I couldn't bear to not be able to finish uni. It's been our dream for so long that to not be able to finish would have brought me great shame and sadness. When Eliza died, I
There's nothing poetic about rape. Nothing but raw suffering that leaves you hollow in the cold of the night and steals away your smiles.
Sherlock scowled, his brows knitting together as something crackled inside of his chest. He was so tired of playing this game, of pretending, of suffering alone. “Because sentiment is nothing more than a weakness, and I have been made aware of how devastating it truly can be. It's stupid to try and love when all you do won't be enough for the other person.” He stared directly into John's eyes, challenging him, trying to get a reaction from him for once. “Human beings are fickle when it comes to love and romance, I've learned. It's painfully easy for them to change their minds- the heart is an untamable creature, after all- and for some, it's even easy to forget they ever felt that way at all.”
“I am willing to listen,” Victor responded, his face understanding and sober. And he did, as Sherlock laid out the story of how things had gone in front of him; sometimes they laughed, sometimes they both sat there with their throats tight. “I'm so sorry for what you went through. It's a heartbreaking story indeed,” Victor finally said, his hand moving to rest on top of Sherlock's. “I can tell that you love him, even after what had happened. Though I came here with a hope that you and I could rekindle what was there between us, I cannot help but think... that your heart now belongs to someone else entirely. The Doctor is a lucky man for you to love him so deeply.”
. It sounded like something one might read from a police report. Sherlock was too tired for this conversation, he wanted nothing more than to sleep and wake up only when spring comes.
, alright then” John responded, nodding his head. His eyes darted to his watch, and he looked back up at Sherlock, whose eyes had remained fixed on him. “Well, I've got to work at the surgery today. I'll be home late, so don't wait up for me. Meeting,” John told him quickly, finished his tea, then set off to get ready for work. Sherlock stared after him, feeling a stinging in his eyes that stayed long after John had left the kitchen.
“Sherlock,” Greg said, his tone chiding and a small frown on his face before his brows unfurrowed and he grinned proudly, his eyes twinkling. “I'll have you know it's a fully rounded relationship with all the perks and benefits and annoyances. I mean, he's not using me for sex or anything, and I'm very sure he cares for me as much as I do him but you know how your brother can be so bloody cryptic sometimes. It's serious though, and we've even been talking about moving into one house, so there's that.”
John scoffed, turning his head away for a second. “You make me sick, Sherlock, do you bloody know that, you prick? You make me
Victor could only give him a sad smile in return. “Your heart belongs to John Watson,” he corrected softly, and the air surrounding them was tender. There was a tangible fragility in Sherlock's eyes, an air of brokenness and raw humanity enveloping him.
Sherlock vaguely felt himself nodding. Within minutes John had stood and begun packing, grim determination in his eyes. The resigned and weary soldier being deployed back into the front lines of battle, ready for anything. Sherlock stood when he had all his bags in his hands, and didn't know how to go from there.
Sherlock longed to ask, yet wisely kept his mouth shut, afraid that if he were to open his traitorous mouth, something he didn't mean to say would stumble out instead. Something sentimental and absolutely ridiculous like
Sherlock thought but didn't have the nerve to say out loud as John opened up a pack of rubbers and worked on spreading him with thick, broad fingers that burned on their way inside of him.
Sherlock didn't want Greg to come over and find out. Greg, who could take one look at him and know when he was using or when he was about to start using. Greg, who was the only person aside for Mycroft who seemed to be able to understand him without him needing to say a single word. Greg, who would probably start asking questions that Sherlock wouldn't know how to answer when he saw the state of Sherlock. Yet, a small part of him wanted Greg to come over, not to speak to but to hold onto, because when he was in Greg's arms, Sherlock could always feel Greg's feet holding the both of them up.
He didn't know which temple he should go to so he could beg for mercy. Mycroft was indeed the god of the sky and London, one of the strongest of all the gods, but he was elusive and not exactly prone to mercy if it went against his own set of rules. There were others, none quite as powerful, but they were often more merciful. He tried to run through the list in his head of all the gods he'd learned about, names carved into his school since primary.
So please, forgive me for not being a man enough to be able to stand up against my fathers wishes. I hope you view this with a mercy. I would love to be able to see you once again, William. I have missed you these years. It's been many years, far too many for me to assume anything would come of this, but I do still consider us friends and I hope you would take some time to meet up with an old friend now that I'm back in London. 07700 900248 is my number if you want to drop me a line.
Mycroft's expression was unreadable, but there was something in his eyes that John couldn't quite decipher. A deep sadness, coming from someone who had lived for many years and had seen everything there was to see- murder, war, genocide, rape, the rise and fall of his brothers, empires being turned into dust- and John suddenly understood. He didn't enjoy it, but as the king of the gods now that his father had been locked away, he had a duty and couldn't interfere. He was the watcher, the observer, to make sure that humans would not tear themselves to shreds behind his back. He knew everyone's destiny and could not lift his hand to stop it.
Sigerson, god of war and justice. He has been locked away in the pit for millenia, so unless if John wanted to unleash a bloodthirsty and vengeful beast upon the earth, it was probably a bad idea to try to summon him. It was likely he'd get turned into fried human on the spot anyway. He was the father of some of the gods, one which was Mycroft.
Mycroft gave him a small smile, but there was still sadness lingering in the corner of his eyes. The air surrounding them seemed to sing laments in John's ears. “You've been chosen as his prophet and scribe. It's been many years, quite possible at least 4 centuries, though it may be more than that since any of us had last had one. It never ends well, you see. My last one... well, he... It was quite tragic.” He trailed off as he turned away, his back to John, whose mind was still reeling from their meeting.
He still didn't understand exactly what was wrong, but that night cold sweat enveloped his entire body and his heart tried to fly free from his chest. A piece of him wished that it managed to, so perhaps the pain would go away just for a little while and he could stop staring at the locked door and staring at the light that streamed in from underneath it to track for movement.
to have sex! I- I-I raped you.” The tears filled his eyes as he whispered sharply, incapable of raising his voice any louder, but he blinked them away.
What an odd little universe. A merciless, capricious universe where everything happened without rhyme or reason and there was no meaning to anything. What was the point of life? They were all just blips of light in an ever-expanding darkness; small flashes of life in an infinite timeline. Nothing had meaning, not really; soon, the east wind would come along and swallow all of them up. Sherlock couldn't
“You told me that I was yours,” Sherlock breathed, swallowing thickly. Tremulously, he forced himself to to continue through the tears blurring his vision. “That night- that night that you
It was sentimental and purely the type of romanticizing poetic rubbish he often mocked in John's writing; he ignored the thought of John and walked into the coffee shop, looking around the crowd for the familiar face he once knew very well.
One moment they're in each others faces, hands clenched at their sides as they spat out insults and curses, and the next, the space between them had been closed. Sherlock's skin tingled where the tips of John's fingers touched, feeling as if he was laid bare before the other man all of a sudden, nothing but a few layers of flimsy clothing between John's calloused hands and his bare flesh. John's thumb grazed over the skin of Sherlock's neck, an almost tickling sensation if it weren't so intimate and almost frightening in the context of the situation.
Yet there were no scars, and of all the people who populated the Earth, Sherlock was the only one who truly knew what happened that night. John was not an unkind lover. Sherlock did not bleed nor was he sore the day after, the only marks left were those he left with his teeth and the faint ones on Sherlock's hips and biceps where he'd unintentionally dug his fingers in too deep. Perhaps it would have been easier if John were a cruel man, but he wasn't; Sherlock was left physically satisfied yet hollow in his chest.
he wanted to say, but this is what John wanted, and Sherlock owed him no less. After a few seconds of deliberation, he kept his silence, and remained pliant and giving under the rough and unforgiving hands that laid claim to him and his body.
It'd been one of the nicest compliments Sherlock had ever received. He kept the memory of it in his Mind Palace, safe and treasured. Which was neither here nor there really, other than the fact that his mind kept trying to impose John's beloved features over this strangers face.
Sherlock chuckled in relief as he realized that John had the same fears of inadequacy and rejection he had.
Mycroft noted the missing gun, John had dropped it somewhere between when he had last seen him and now. It would have been recently, there was no way that John in his right mind would have left behind his weapon, he was far to well trained for that. It pained him to see the normally resilient man so disoriented. Though outwardly Mycroft appeared as calm and collected, as usual, unruffled by the situation.
"So what brought all this on Mister Holmes?" John called from the other room, voice drowsy and thoughtful.
With slow, careful movements, he inched his hand outward. He needn't have worried, Colt couldn't see him, and Brody was already absorbed in his phone once more. The cool metal touched his skin, and he used is middle and forefinger to grasp the hard contours of it, dragging it back until he could palm the metal. Real gold, to heavy for aluminum, the weight of it significant despite its size.
“Good-oh, this would be John’s handiwork, I see.” Mycroft murmured, coming into the hallway and upon the first body. He raised an eyebrow at the dead beta sprawled down the front staircase. The bullet went through and through, a center shot to his forehead, quick, brutal, to the point. Mycroft had to admire John’s aim. His eyes skimmed over the already garish wallpaper, which had been made more so by the spray of blood and body matter across its tacky exterior.
"Donovan?" Lestrade requested over the line. Sherlock listened, though he was more interested in what was going on in his headpiece."I want you to stay with Sherlock. Keep him out of the building until it's clear."
For a moment, he didn’t think he could move, his lungs dragging in greedy mouthfuls of air, but if he gave in now, he was as good as dead. He needed something, some way of protecting himself. A weapon. Scrambling to his knees, body shaking with residual tension, his eyes traveled the confines of his small little sitting room.
John stared at the other man, his brow furrowing in shock. “You don’t just “dabble” in human trafficking.” He whispered, his eyes flickering from the older Holmes to the bowl of fruit as he tried to get his head around the idea.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear out the sound. In front of him August, not John, was growing more distressed. When his cries brought no relief he resorted to words, his hands dug like claws at the wool of Sherlock’s coat. “Help me-help-help!” August broke down into gibbering snarls and sobs. He rocked in Sherlock’s arms, his movements becoming more and more violent the longer Sherlock went without understanding his scent cues. Before Sherlock realized what was happening the young man was lunging forward, using his grip on Sherlock’s coat for leverage as his teeth snapped only millimeter’s from Sherlock’s throat.
“You’re a damn hog, by the way.” He grumbled, tossing the covers to the side so he can get an eyeful of John unhindered by something so meaningless as a duvet.
Mud squelched under his boots as he paused to eye the monolithic brick building in front of him. He faced the back end, so there was no knowing, as of yet, what the front looked like. From the location he could see it was wrapped by a corroded chain-link fence, which seemed to be in place to stop the general public from getting to close. The buildings on either side were also vacant, looming in a protective square around the lot. He’d give it a five-star rating as far as villainous headquarters went, even the light seemed dimmer here, the clouds rolling to cover the sky in zealous swaths.
"Bloody hell…." John groaned in a rush as Sherlock filled him, his fingers spasmed where they clutched around the swell of Sherlock's biceps, his voice breaking. Sherlock smiled, a lopsided sloppy thing, and just focused on giving John a moment to adjust, forcing back the need to pull out and thrust in harder. Opening his eyes, he examined the lines and planes of John's face. The blond didn't seem to be in pain since Sherlock had taken care to properly prepare him. "You are
John dragged in a harsh breath, and Sherlock felt the omega’s lungs tense up with suppressed emotions, was he thinking the same thing?
"I'm old. Everyone's a boy to me." Tabitha snapped, slapping her gloved hand against Sherlock's injured leg. Sherlock shouted at the searing nerve pain.
A sound to their left had both men jerking their heads up, and Mycroft pulling away. Stepping forward, John peered into their dim surroundings. Through the low light filtering through broken windows of the warehouse, John caught sight of a stocky silhouette running away from them.
It took two strides to make it across the room and bring himself up into John's space, taking the omega's outstretched palm and tugging him close. His other hand slipped upward, sliding over the swell of John's jaw to yank the blond's head up so he could see John's warm features, bright and stunning. He caught a glimpse of John's eyes widening in shocked surprise before he was bending his taller form down and pressing their lips together in a desperate clash of teeth and soft, warm lips.
Cursing under his breath he tucked the phone in tight against his ear and shoulder and wiggled out onto the balcony, his wide-set shoulders only just making it past the window frame. His hand grasped onto the rusty metal of the fire escape with care. It creaked precariously under his weight but held. Compact as he was he didn’t need to crouch to make his way down the steps, instead taking them two at a time in a mad dash. His borrowed gun was clutched in one hand, cocked and at the ready. He glanced out, at the head of the alley, but could not see any signs of his new attackers. The metal steps rocked and swayed under his feet, far too precarious for his comfort. He thought it would be a ridiculously ironic end of he was killed by a poorly maintained fire-escape and not the armed men that were after him.
With a sharp nod, he took a step back, tucking himself into the space just to the right of the door. Pressing his body up against the bookcase, he took a couple of breaths. With his mindset, a sense of familiar calm settled over him aided by the adrenaline that pumped through his veins.
Sherlock thought, pale eyes flashing over the trash-strewn floor. Old trays of food, with flies and spiders making their home among them. Needles, countless needles tossed about with no care where they landed. It told a story, a sad, ugly story, but one which held no clues as to the whereabouts of the Keeper.
"Probably right. This is a clusterfuck, isn't it? Wouldn't want him to hear it, though. He isn't one to be coddled." Lestrade chuckled under his breath. Though Sherlock couldn't be certain what was warranted laughter. It was indeed a fact that John absolutely despised being coddled.
Sherlock jerked back out of reach on instinct and training alone. He hadn’t thought August capable of such speed. He came up short when the omega’s hands stayed tight in his coat. The torch in his hands made a quick work of breaking the connection, slapping aside the man’s keen grip until August let go of his coat with a snarl. Sherlock felt his hand scrap against sharp teeth, felt sharp teeth bite quick and hard, but the move managed to get the ill man off of him. August’s broken body fell back against the dusty drywall, manic, snarling crazed nonsense under his breath. Stumbling to his feet Sherlock watched with fascination as August’s eyes rolled to the back of his head. The seizure hit only moment’s later, sending limbs flying and spittle foaming out of his pus stained mouth.
Rocking his hips, John was the first to start them in that age-old rhythm, using Sherlock's arms as leverage, until Sherlock joined in, meeting him thrust for thrust. Sherlock slid out to the tip, then pistoned his hips forward, deep into John with a sharp thrust. The new position had John welcoming him easily. Sherlock dragged fingers down warm skin, biting them against John's hips and gripping tight as he picked up the pace, thrusting into John with slow deep drives of his cock. Slick spilled from within the omega, staining the sheets and filling the air with the heady scent of John.
“So what brought all this on Mister Holmes?” John called from the other room, voice drowsy and thoughtful.
working with civilian authorities since a neighbor called before we could block transmissions coming out of the area.”
Mycroft’s kitchen was a lovely affair, comfortable and cozy, and containing far more personality than the stale looking parlor room. The pots were well used and loved, a singular one sitting in the dish rack, no doubt leftover from the morning’s breakfast. John settled into a high-backed chair at a rather small dining room table and transferred his clenched fists, so they gripped the arms of the chair, the wood creaking in protest. A basket of fruit sat in the center of the table, a couple of pears and tangerines lining the bottom of it. He eyed the fruit, not daring to look up as the elder Holmes puttered about the kitchen.
"Again?! You're going to run me to the ground, you beast." He mocked, his body saying something different, where the thick jut of his cock stood out between the folds of the sheets.
to think clearly before those chasing him found John in such a weakened state. The primary goal was to locate his brother’s omega and bring him to safety. Which meant he needed to gain back access to the cameras.
“Good, good.” If his voice breaks Mycroft has the grace not to mention. He couldn’t admit aloud how hearing Mycroft soothed him, smoothing the edges of his anxiety down to manageable levels.
Open up he did, Sherlock groaned, watching his fingers dip into the pink, tender opening of John's sex. He growled his approval as those muscles spasmed before giving in to his demands, urging the omega open until he took the width of Sherlock's fingers with ease. Sherlock shifted up, pressing kisses along the warm skin of John's belly, working his way upward, to dusky nipples so he could suck them into his mouth and lap at the taught little buds.
“Being John’s friend is better than not having John at all.” Sherlock spoke to the night, to the ornate old-style lamps that lined the peer, to the inky blue river that taunted him. Dragging in a slow, deep breath, he filled his lungs with the chilled night air and slowly exhaled, pushing down the panic and fear seeing August had brought to the surface. “Being John’s friend is better than not having John at all,” The words repeated again, painful but true.
Then he remembered the taste of Sherlock on his lips, the feel of their bodies intertwined together. Remembered the words they’d said to each other weeks ago.
the Keeper!" Sherlock snapped, the pieces of the puzzle falling into place. Sebastian Fletcher. The omega was notable because he'd been the very first omega to be abducted. The very first. Sebastian wasn't a victim, or at least, he wasn't now. Somehow or another, the young omega had become the leader. That the only way any of this made sense!
Colt watched him with smart brown eyes, "Do you even know where the safety is on that thing?" He questioned, the smirk on his face knowing, as he repeated Sherlock's thoughts aloud. "Put it down before you get yourself shot."
Inside his mind Sherlock is pleased, puzzle pieces were slipping into place one after another, showing pieces of the whole. Mycroft and he had been struggling to find out what exactly Eddington’s long term goals were. Why was he taking people? What experiments could possibly warrant this level of secrecy and why would he not be using all the legal channels that his money and power offered him? This was a treasure trove compared to what they'd known yesterday. He needed to get out of here soon and let Mycroft now everything he had just discovered. Until then the best he could do is listen.
The scent of cinnamon grew tenfold, causing the men that were tending to the injured omega to jerk their heads up in unison. Mycroft breathed through his nose, pushing down those wretchedly human feelings to deal with later. Stepping forward he lets his umbrella click sharply against the wooden floor and stopped in front of the downed omega. Clinically he eyed the pool of blood gathered around the man’s prone form, emanating from two very obvious gunshot wounds, one to each knee. It was only thanks to two makeshift tourniquets that the man had not bleed out and died yet.
His gun was trained on John, wavering only slightly. Blood spewed freely from his nose, leaking onto the doormat in bright vermilion drips. Even from this distance, John could see that the man’s pupils were blown out and mismatched, indicative of a head injury. He’d probably fallen down the stairs and knocked himself out. If John were in doctor mode, he would have recommended the man get a CT scan. John wasn’t, though, instead he felt a grim amount of pride at that and chuckled, low under his breath.
Slipping it up his sleeve, he was satisfied with the acquisition. It was an unusual weapon, but a weapon none the less. If John were there, he would volunteer a high statistical probability that both betas would end up dead in less than five minutes with said weapon. John was like that, ruthless and aggressive. Sherlock found it strikingly sexy. The fact that John could choose to put together or take apart a man in minutes was just…perfection.
Strong fingers latched onto his ankle, jerking his knees out from under him. John grunted, kicking back at his attacker in an attempt to dislodge him, his foot meeting nothing but air. His hands madly scrambled for purchase until they grasped the edge of his favorite sitting chair. Clutching the leg, he tried to use it as leverage to get himself out of the omega’s grasp, but only managed to send the chair tumbling onto its side. There was a familiar musical clang as the piece of furniture collapsed sideways, and John gasped, his fingers grasping around thin wood. Hardly a weapon, but it would have to do.
"Sherlock, I hope you're right about this." Lestrade expressed, his voice betraying his frustration.
As the ambulance's peeled out, Sherlock was free to roam. To look for the next clues that would finally finish all this horrible business. The soles of Sherlock's oxfords scrapped across dark, oil-stained cement, his long legs deftly avoiding the worst of it as he came to a stop outside the old and ugly brick building. His eyes scanned the boarded-up windows, examined with a critical eye the seams of mortar, the mildewed siding, and rotting shutters. The warehouse was decrepit and one step away from being considered a hazard to society. Why it hadn't been red-tagged and closed up was beyond him.
John's eyes widened, and the crook of his arm squeezed tight around Sherlock's forearm as he shifted back and away from the sudden swelling. "Shhh...easy." Sherlock gasped out, pressing kisses over John's love-bitten thighs. John's features twisted with discomfort for a moment before going lax with ecstasy as the second wave of his orgasm hit, easing the way for Sherlock's knot.
This time when Lestrade's hand landed on his shoulder, he allowed it. The comforting scent of beta hormone calming him. Not that he needed it, but the scent made things easier. He'd learned long ago how to control his scent so that his emotions weren't given away at a whim from his olfactory glands. Unlike some alphas, the man before him included. It made secret ops like this easier.
"I was just thinking about the scientific data on male omega reproductive systems," Sherlock admitted against the shell of John's ear. John groaned, one hand slapping against the top of Sherlock's head. Sherlock flinched, even though the touch was light enough, and scowled, he ducked his face into the scoop of John's neck to get away from John's teasing.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear out the sound. In front of him, Sebastian, not John, was growing more distressed.
Flushing the loo one more time for safety’s sake, he sloshed some mouthwash into his mouth and headed out to the kitchen, spitting the minty stuff down the drain before snatching his grey jacket from the rack and heading to the door, thinking of their last run in the day before. It still rankled that neither of them had noticed the man snooping that close to them. His instincts had been so shell shocked at the scent of Sherlock’s blood that he had hardly been aware of his surroundings. Mycroft had been a little busy trying to bring him down off the edge of a full-blown omega drop to notice the other man sneaking up. That had been just yesterday, and John would be a liar if he said that the incident didn't shake him. The soldier in him seethed internally at the threat.
“Hmm, do I want to know how you know what different tranquilizers smell like?” Mycroft questioned, his stupid, quick wit making John laugh despite the situation. “Where were you hit?” John had to hand it to the man, he didn’t sound half as worried as John felt.
“Cells…” He whispered, sickened by the revelation. Taking a step forward he dug the toe of his shoe into the metal fixture; it was solidly set in the ground, immovable. Mycroft followed his gaze, and John watched as he came to the same conclusion, eyes narrowing “These once were the bases to prison cells. To keep them captive." Looking out across the vast expanse of the building, he noted the braces lined most of the floor. "Hundreds of them, ” He could only imagine the workforce it would take to run an operation so large. Even more so, to than breakdown the makeshift prison without a single person sounding the alarm about it. "This isn't some small-time smugglers. This is a legitimate operation with money backing it."
“While we wait for a ransom call I want you to put a trace on John’s phone, we find where that taxi is going and we find John. This is not going to go the same way it did with Sherlock.” Mycroft ordered. Anthea nodded her head in understanding, already tapping away on her phone.
"I have no doubt," Sherlock crowed with delight. Spinning around to catch sight of John standing in the hallway, one shoulder leaning against the wall, a sheet draped across his hips as he listened with avid interest. Sherlock stared back at him, his inner alpha purring at the sight. And suddenly, the desire to finish off the case didn't seem that important, after all.
"How could that be possible? He was a captive." Well, at least Lestrade didn't shut down the idea immediately.
“What do you mean by dark business?” John questioned, sitting up straighter and drinking in every word Mycroft said. His heart hammered with the realization that he was finally getting answers. His voice was sharp and demanding, the military surgeon in him taking over.
-We've seen, possibly for the second time, I can't recall, the emergence of secondary scent undertones. These overlay existing scents, and exist depending on how much our characters are feeling, or what they surround themselves with.  Also, they vary depending on the person, it's instinct for A/B/O genders to understand what those scents mean, probably through chemical traces or some BS science that I'll make up later. (EA: Sherlock's fear smells like lemons, but that same emotion on another person might smell like cut grass. Also, lemon's might just be someone's primary scent, it all just depends!)
For his part, Eddington was starring at Sherlock with all of the consideration a butcher gave a cow. "Interesting that…changes our plans." Crouching down beside Tabitha, he seemed to consider his options. Close as he was, he had pruny black eyes the same color as his hair. "Right, take him to the lab, Tabitha, I want him examined, I want to know him down to his very DNA."
Nini's Rambles: Here we have another Sherlock chapter. This one's a bit of a filler, but it does need to be here, I need to clarify some of the background plot that he's been dealing with. We learn some important things during this chapter. I'm thinking there is going to be at least one more Sherlock chapter, than we get back to dear old John and how he's doing.  For now we get to see how Sherlock hands this sort of situation.
His briefs underneath were black and clung to his thighs like a second skin, leaving very little to the imagination. Sherlock settled back on his heels, drinking in the sight of him. "Take off that top of yours." He purred, his voice deep with need.
“Jesus, thanks for reminding a man about his dry ovaries, and right after mind-blowing, life-altering sex too. That brain of yours never rests,” John chuckled, he didn’t seem to be upset, more just playful, and maybe a little bit amazed. Turning his head the omega pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, the gesture letting Sherlock know that John wasn’t offended. It felt butterfly light against Sherlock’s skin. His finger’s carded through Sherlock’s hair, dragging through tangled black locks.
"Oh," John accepted the kiss with a gobsmacked look of surprise. Parting ways to give Sherlock's lips a considering look. "Is that what I've been missing out on?" John watched him withdraw, a bemused expression twisting his lips into a lopsided grin. Bloody hell, he looked edible. Sherlock resisted the urge to dive back in and show him that yes. They'd been missing out on a whole hell of a lot. Thank you very much.
"How did we miss him?" Sherlock mused, dragging long fingers against his aching head. Pausing at the base of the stairwell, a sound, or maybe a scuttle of movement caught his attention. Turning to his right, Sherlock spotted it, a doorway hidden in the darkness, hidden just behind the stairwell, and almost unrecognizable in the dim lighting.
The omega was ghostly pale and glared at Mycroft with suspicious eyes. The white of his left eye was blood red from a subconjunctival hemorrhage. The most likely cause was the orbital bone fracture to his left cheekbone. Mycroft could see the slight depression and the blossoming bruise under it.
The strands were a blond so close to the color of John's that it made Sherlock flinch. He forced himself forward to bring the young man closer into the ray of the torchlight. This close, the smell of fear had descended in a cloud around him; the scent growing stronger as Sherlock sank onto his haunches beside him and reached out to gently tug down the arm that Sebastian hid behind.
"Christ woman, take care. What happened to that damn oath you lot follow, do no harm!?" Sherlock squawked. Colt snickered from his place somewhere to the left of Tabitha's bag.
“Taken care of it? John. What do you mean? Why is there screaming?” Mycroft’s voice grew sharp with alarm.
“Mycroft Holmes!” The voice was immediately recognizable, and Mycroft scowled, turning to face Detective Inspector Lestrade with a deep scowl that had the man pausing in his steps.
"Hey, I can't take all the credit. You assisted." Such a modest fellow, this Colt, he had to hold back a laugh or risk appearing even madder.
The thought rolled around and around in his head, a hot marble of molten metal that seared everything it touched. If John had been the one strapped down onto a gurney, keening that horrible omega cry, begging to be let go. What would he have done then? He supposed this might be what John talked about when he asked Sherlock to, '
“I’m an army man darling. But of course, you’re a romantic, shall I call it ‘making love’?” John questioned from Sherlock's room, his voice dropping down an octave as Sherlock stepped into the room. Sherlock stopped at the doorway, hip cocking against the wood frame, as he sucked in a breath of appreciation at the sight that waited for him. The shirt in his hand dropped to the floor in a spill of expensive silk.
"I'm an army man, dear. But of course, you're a romantic, shall I call it 'making love'?" John questioned from Sherlock's room, his voice dropping down an octave as Sherlock stepped inside. Sherlock stopped at the doorway, hip cocking against the wood frame, as he sucked in a breath of appreciation at the sight that waited for him. The shirt in his hand dropped to the floor in a spill of expensive silk.
The next two doors held another couple of bedrooms. These were better kept. They were decorated and fully furnished, with a look closer to something you would find at an inn rather than the filthy animal pens Sherlock had seen upstairs. The sweet scent of omega lingered here, strong closest to the bed. As did the richer smell of alpha, which wasn't unexpected. Someone had been sampling the goods, it would seem.
“Holy-christ…how is this even happening.” John groaned against the swell of Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock just chuckled, equally as confused as John, his lips flashing into a smile that John could probably feel against his skin. Shrugging his shoulders Sherlock slid his fingers up under the hem of John’s shirt, forcing it higher until he caught sight of the tan expanse of John’s belly.
Mycroft caught up easily, barely extending his legs to keep up with John’s faster pace. “While that is a nice concept Doctor, you should know better than anyone that my dear brother is
John grunted his agreement, already dashing down the hallway without the urging from the elder Holmes. With little options left his shoes beat a rapid retreat down the hallway to Sherlock’s room. Being on the first floor, it was the closest escape route he could think of. He slowed down long enough to ease the bedroom door closed and click the lock into place, not wanting to draw too much attention to himself with loud sounds. He doubted anyone was in the house yet, but it was always best to approach these sorts of things with caution, he wanted them to think he’d hidden somewhere in the flat, after all.
"Indeed," Sherlock admitted, considering his options. The gun was a sweaty, unfamiliar weight in his palm. He wasn't like John. He didn't even know how to turn off the safety, his finger seeking and not finding the familiar button where it would be if it had been John's gun.
-Beta's scents tend to be light, on the softer side of things, they're neutral. Whereas omega's you'll find, are made up of brighter scents, more defined, and if we are talking about alphas, they tend to be raw, powerful, in your face.
Jermaine went silent as the sharp echo of a gunshot rang through the flat. John watched as dark red viscera sprayed outward from the beta’s skull and exploded across the entryway stairs, blood and brains, and bone matter splashing the wallpaper with garish gusto.
“There you go, how about you tell me when you last saw Sherlock,” John asked, dragging in a shallow breath through his nose as he waited for her to speak. The whole area was bustling, large crowds drawn out thanks to the sunny day. He was familiar with this area the crowds were nothing new. There was a nice little cafe across the way, and several different shops, all open and displaying their wares in the windows. He stared out across the street towards the lit entrance of the cafe. He and Sherlock had shared lunch there many times over the last few years, but it’d been months since either of them had frequented the little place, and any scents of his missing lover were long gone.
He watched as John fell back on his elbows, leaning heavily on the wood of the table. "Bloody hell, that's more than okay." He gasped, the scent of his arousal growing, a bouquet of burnt sugar with undertones of almond. Sherlock sucked on one exposed hip bone, his fingers working at the button to John's trousers, sliding the zip down with a hiss of sound.
Yes, tanks. Rows and rows of cubicles like glass tanks. Each one held a plethora of medical equipment, sensors, and monitors, IV stands, and white sheets. White sheets stained with viscous blood and putrid yellow. From his angle he could barely see the draped shapes of people underneath the fabric, strapped down and immobile. In one particular cubicle a young woman sat, curled up face-first into the corner of her tank, her arms and hands immobilized in the twisted confines of a straight jacket. She moaned into the crook of it, pressing her blister pinched face into the glass. Sherlock stared in fascinated horror as her cheeks split, revealing everything from omega fangs to gleaming white molars in a macabre smile. Blood pooled from the now open wound, dark and thick like a two-day-old cadaver's.
He did not give the man a chance to answer, launching himself forward and snagging the taller man by his throat, it was the work of a moment to step into the man’s space and swing his own leg behind the brown-haired man's knees, kicking his legs out from under him. Sending the fool to the ground with a snarl of pent up fury. He was sure to maintain his hand on the man’s sweaty neck using his considerable strength to slam his balding head into the concrete. Kneeling down one foot came down hard on the other man’s wrist, his weight pressing the tendons as he crouched. The open sides of his coat hid the press of his gun against the prone man’s heart, obscuring the weapon from sight as the rest of London avoided their scuffle with the jaded indifference of people who couldn’t really give a shit. Transferring his phone to his other ear he ground on the man’s arm until his wrist twitched open. John barely heard the man’s shout of protest before he was snatching whatever it was in his hand and darting away, leaving him groaning on the ground.
I have an adorable little one shot for Good Omen's that I put up a few days ago, check it out (no zombies, yes mpreg, and childbirth)
I don't know what to say, I've been wanting to write a badass John fic for so long, and now that I am finally doing it I'm so damn excited. This is our very first glimpse into what exactly John can do, which is a heck of a lot. The goal was to have our man kick some major ass, but also get his butt kicked in the process. The entry of our two assailants was quite the surprise, and I think that for everyone that would make it a bit difficult to come out ahead of the game.
"Come 'ere." The bottle barely made it back onto the nightstand before John was pulling him close again, wrapping his legs around Sherlock's thin waist and using his significant muscles to yank Sherlock close. Sherlock dropped to his knees, hands bracketed on either side of John's neck, and pressed his forehead to John's, looking into endless blue eyes. John blinked, pale lashes touching his cheeks before his eyes opened, starring back up into Sherlock's eyes, searching for something. "Fuck, you are so damn gorgeous," John whispered, tucking stray curls of hair behind Sherlock's ears.
“I am sure I have a jar of caviar in the fridge I can bring out. You can put it on your biscuit.” The older Holmes snapped, thrusting the cut-up orange towards John.
He’d been thinking at the time how horrible it would be to watch John being taken away on a gurney without ever telling the man his feelings. Without ever saying the words that hung on his tongue at the end of every one of their interactions.
John hissed out a sound of enraptured fascination, palming the stiff swell of his sex and dropping back against the pillows with a needy sigh.
The night was damp and cold, as it tended to be this time of year. His breath fogged from his lips in a billowing gust, disappearing in the humidity of the air in seconds. For once, his mind wasn't on The Work. Even with the leader of the trafficking ring still free, Sherlock had other matters on his mind.
Sherlock let those words reiterate as a mantra in the forefront of his mind as he took his feet towards the Underground subway. It helped. It reminded him exactly why he hadn't confessed up to this moment, reminded him that only an imbecile would throw away years of a solid platonic relationship for a twenty-three percent chance of something more.
His own line of thought was much the same. He had, in the past, attempted to tell John his feelings, three times now, to be exact. Three times he had worked up the courage to tell John exactly what his heart said, and three times he'd shoved those damned emotions down deep, like the ridiculous drivel that they were. Useless emotions that muddle up The Work.
All three of them stood still like deers caught in the headlights. John, because he had no clue who they were, and the other two were probably just as surprised, considering they hadn’t expected their prey to just sit himself out like a partridge on a platter.
John finally made it into the vehicle. There was a clanging sound followed by the scuffling of a microphone on fabric and Mycroft scowled as he watched John fumble and drop his phone, or what he had to assume was his phone, the footage was grainy at best. Mycroft cursed under his breath at the loss.
,” John snarled, fixing the older man with a challenging glare. The fact that he was an omega in another man’s territory hardly mattered, he’d come for answers, and he would get them this time. He’d tried to call and speak with Mycroft so many times he’d lost count. The elder Holmes had ignored or disregarded his questions every time. Anthea had been the last straw. She’d appeared on his doorstep a week ago, informed him to stop looking for Sherlock, and assured him they had everything under control.
“Some alley… Texaco maybe…I’m fine, ‘m fine. I’s not a heavy dose yet.” John’s voice was barely coherent, a distant slur of a heavy tongue on lips, barely there as if he could not keep the phone close to his mouth any longer.
John scowled, deep ocean blue eyes barely skimming the notification before he hit the call button on Mycroft’s phone number.
John watched with rapt fascination, palming the stiff swell of his sex and dropping back against the pillows with a needy sigh.
an alpha." John panted, biting his lower lip, the muscles of his neck distended as he dug his head back into the pillow. Sherlock snorted. He was well aware of his secondary gender.
“Is there anyone at the head of the alley?” John questioned, his voice a gravelly whisper. Bringing himself to a stop beside a trash bin he waited, watching the camera pan across the street, the movement painfully slow. Idly he pushed a hand up under his jacket, hissing through his teeth as he tugged a piece of glass from his back. It was stained with his blood and clinked softly as he dropped it to the ground. There was more where it came from, he could feel the various splinters and shards piercing his skin and aggravating every movement. John had been through worse though, he’d survived a gunshot, and Afghanistan, this was nothing compared to that.
This was something he could get used to. Sherlock grinned, wide and carefree, his heart pounded with aching love for the man before him.
Less than fifteen minutes later Sherlock trudged his way up the lit stairwell to their flat, his shoes gathered in one hand, his greatcoat folded over the crook of his other arm. Stockinged feet picked their way silently up the stairs. The knob to their door was cool to the touch and opened with a drowsy creak.
"Like I'm one of your experiments or something. What part of my anatomy are you thinking about right now?" John mumbled drowsily, humming happily and nuzzling into Sherlock's neck, his legs and arms doing a good job of helping Sherlock tangle them together.
There was a growing list of at least 100 missing men and woman that had been abducted, taken off the street or from their homes, never to be seen again. Not one mistake, not one escapee, out of more than one-hundred people. That success rate was remarkable in Sherlock’s eyes.
“B-but-you’re you, how- you know everything!” John stared, voice incredulous and breaking at the end. He hated it, hated that sound of weakness in his voice. He needed to stay strong, for Sherlock. He felt something splash against the back of his hand and stared at the glistening tear as it trailed down his skin.
"John?!" He moaned the omega's name, the one word evoking all the aching need and watery emotions that he'd been feeling all night. Desperate for more, Sherlock slid his palm along John's jaw and back to cup the swell of John's neck. The hairs at the back of John's neck were damp from his shower, soft to the touch. Sherlock growled his approval as the older man stumbled backward until he leaned against the table again. John tilted his head, and their tongues met with an eager curl of muscle on muscle, pressing and tangling together in gasping hot breaths. John tasted of garlic and peppers, the heat of whatever he'd eaten transferring to Sherlock's lips in tantalizing sparks. His lips were warm and enthusiastic. Like nothing Sherlock could have ever imagined.
Yay for Sherlock finally getting up the nerve to make John his! Omg for the sex scene. I think that, for as confident as he seems, John is probably shrieking giddy girl screams in his head when Sherlock mauls him. Thus the bit of alcoholic fortification. He needs it to calm those nerves.
“No,” John could hear shouting on the other side of the phone, Mycroft’s voice taking on a tone of alarm. “Get out of there Jo,hn! Now!”
Other than a fever and general aches, he was symptom-free up to this moment. Without the knowledge he'd just gained, he might have just chalked it up to a cold. Perhaps John had cleared out the wound enough to prevent further infection? That would depend on the virus's strength, which brought him to his next concern.
John had never believed in the kind, gentle, and refined omega’s described in romance novels and movies. He
Sherlock has a bit of a flare for the dramatic, so his chapters are heavy on introspection. I imagine him just thinking these deep, complex thoughts, feeling these emotions that maybe he’s never felt before. He’s a bit melodramatic, but it’s exactly what should be expected out of a man who mopes around and fuss so much.
The warehouse image used in this chapter is from my hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico. So you will not find that in good old London, but it just visually represented what I was envisioning, so tough!
Which worked very well in Sherlock's favor. He would like to see this case through to the end, rather than handing it over to CPS now that all the tough work was done. Lestrade he could control. CPS, and their toads? Not so much.
"No, we're here on a rescue mission. Let me help you." Sherlock ordered, snatching the gun from the floor before entering the room again. He caught sight of him, curled up in the corner of the room. Sherlock was not in close enough proximity to see full details, but even from this distance, he could see that the other man's short stature and small hands were indicative of an omega. Furthermore, his dirty exposed skin was wrinkle-free and unthinned by age, speaking of a younger individual.
His thoughts lose their sharpness, but he’s aware enough to know there is no further information he can glean from this man. He’s just the delivery driver.
Rain poured from the sky in a great deluge that obscured the city traffic, blending the sky and the asphalt into one hazy blur of grey. The air was winter cold, the skin on Sherlock Holmes' arms tense with goosebumps from it. He was soaked to the skin, and growing more so by the minute. Combined together, it was all rather hideously dreadful, leaving Sherlock feeling like a bedraggled alley cat, rather than a skilled detective.
Sherlock sighed, he really did not want to explain to John about his day. He did not think he could handle reopening such fresh memories. Looking away he shook his head. “No, not that specifically, I don’t particularly want to talk about it.” He admitted, choosing instead to drop down on the bed and attempt to cozy up to John’s side. “It would dampen the mood considerably.”
If Sherlock, or even Mycroft, had been there, they would have been able to suss out which way the culprit’s had gone based only on some wayward piece of hair that landed on the floor. John had no such luck and was left hunting for clues that were obvious enough for him to understand. Of that, there were few, even with the knowledge that Sherlock had imparted on him over the years. When he finally left the apartment building, it was with a growing sense of frustration and dread. Sherlock was in the hands of madmen. Whoever they were, they had no qualms or issues with hurting and killing fellow human beings. He dared not wrap his mind around the fact that the alpha could very well be dead by now.
"Lovely." The words spill from Sherlock's lips before he even thoughts it through. John blinked, and a bright flush stained across his cheeks, a shy smile tugging the edge of his lips even as his deep blue eyes flashed away.
Nini's Rambles: It's up! I took a bit to do some work on other stories, so apologies for the delays!
Mycroft sighed, his brow furrowing tight with regret. “I apologize, I should not have said that.” He admitted, his tea forgotten in front of him.
It had taken that long for authorities to notice a pattern from the uptick in the number of cases. Even then, it only came to Mycroft's notice when some well-off couple, with high-up connections, had their daughter taken. The trafficker's had become brazen with time.
If you get a chance check out my other fic, chapter two is up. It's a Deadpool/Peter Parker zombie fic!
John choked at the word mate, hands falling to his side, his fingers clenching into tight fists. For a moment, he eyed the plaster bust of Queen Elizabeth on the mantel and considered chucking it at the smug man's head. It took a monumental effort to push down that desire, but he managed. It seemed Mycroft was destined to bring out the worst in him. “It’s not like that. We were never... never that. Never mates.” John tried to explain, looking away from Mycroft's stormy eyes, so he did not have to see the look of disbelief that overcame the other man’s features.
He'd probably snap. Even so, Sherlock did have to admit that these people, whoever they were, knew what they were doing.
“Very well, let us continue.” Mycroft nodded, he recalled John stating that he’d left behind two men. He took care to step over splayed limbs and away from bloody matter on his way up the steep staircase.
Warning! Sexually Explicit scenes below. If you aren't interested in reading then pop back in for the next chapter.
“Fascinating, isn’t she?” Dark pressed trousers stepped into Sherlock’s line of sight, blocking his view of the women. For a moment Sherlock is certain he has been caught,  “What do you think of our progress so far Jacob?”  But no, the man was speaking to Sherlock’s captor. Jacob, a name to put to the face of the treacherous cabby.
This was a turn of events he had never anticipated. In the beginning, he had decided that Sherlock was more than likely gone undercover. The presumption made everything neat and tidy. All he had to do was wait for the case to be over, and Sherlock would be back. No matter what, he had always hoped that Mycroft not only knew what was happening, bit also had his puppet strings attached to all the players.
"See, you are a romantic." John pointed out, lifting the bottle for another swig, hiding again. Sherlock rolled his eyes. He'd never heard anyone complain about a bit of romance before. "And from my angle, also far too dressed." The blond added with a wink, his bicep flexing as he held out the brandy for Sherlock to take.
Entering the building was like willingly stepping into some horrible hellscape. The building was one large room, with ceilings that ended twenty, possibly thirty-feet up. Littered across the floor were old pieces of paper, the ink faded where sunlight pierced through shattered windows. The sheer mass of window panes rather brilliantly lit every detail of it. Blood speckled the walls, stained the floors, and feces was visible in varying states of decay. A lone blanket hung from a high beam, flapping in the breeze coming from the broken windows.
Undoing his own trousers he let them fall to the ground near John’s briefs, his own undergarments, and socks following suit moments later. John purred his own approval, the scent of arousal biting sharp and warm in the air, his eyes lingering over Sherlock’s exposed body. The scent of pleased, comfortable omega lingered in Sherlock’s nose, urging him forward.
Wrapping his Belstaff in tight around his slender frame, Sherlock scowled, attempting to banish the painful visual from his mind. He could not bring himself to cast them out though, they lingered in his subconscious like poison, making his pulse thump hot in his throat, and his tongue dry out in his mouth. Closing his eyes to the night sky, he tried to breathe past that unfamiliar feeling.
“Fuck. Yeah, that hit an artery.” John admitted, feeling remarkably detached from the situation. His head swirled, the vertigo making his stomach cringe. Turning to the side he dry heaved, though there was nothing in his stomach to actually vomit.
“Hello?” Sherlock’s baritone reverberated against the empty walls as he stepped inside the cramped room. Goosebumps rose on the skin of his forearms as a light breeze dusted his skin. A glance upwards showed damaged and cracked ceiling tiles, which created the shivering draft. From the small man’s form came the keening sound of an omega in fear.  The sound tugged at his alpha instincts it was only past experience that stopped him from rushing to the unknown omega's side. Instead he took a calm step forward. “I won’t hurt you, can you tell me your name?” Slowly he walked towards the lone figure, hands up in an attempt to show he was no threat. The omega shifted and twisted at the sound of his voice, squeezing himself tighter into the corner of the wall he hid against.
John retched into the hollow well of his toilet bowl, that morning’s cup of tea spilling from his innards with a little too much eagerness given the time of day.
The bullet hit true, taking his attacker down with a hit at the shoulder. Shaking his head free from painful memories, John didn’t bother to stop and see if it incapacitate the man, using the limited headstart it gave him to his advantage. Adjusting his phone against his ear he ran, his ragged breaths echoed through the microphone of the speaker. Taking a side street as shouting picked up in the distance.
Mycroft was against the whole situation. The exact words he said were, “There is a reason I did not bring you in on this in the first place. These people have captured far smarter men than you, John Watson. I would highly discourage chasing your tail in front of them.”
"Very well, do what you must. Colt, gather the men, we're closing up shop here. Time to move to our permanent location."
His breath came out in a rush as he stepped into the downed remains of 221B. Ignoring the second man, who was currently being catered to, he stopped to look at the rest of Sherlock and John’s modest belongings. Much of it was tossed and overturned from whatever struggle John had put up. Blood decorated the floor and wall, spelling out the fight in gruesome lines and splatters.
