They work together easily to pick the TV up and carry it the block and a half to the closes bus stop. It's heavy and bulky, but Cas seems to have no trouble at all, muscles straining against his shirt as he lifts it. It's a great sight, but Dean has to pull his eyes away to concentrate on where he's walking.
Courtney tilted her head to the side, reminding him of Cas' confused head tilt. "Come on Dean, you're not fooling me. We were kissing, pretty well I might add, and some guy shows up and you take off after him? I wasnt born yesterday." She said, finishing the liquor in her glass.
Dean closed his eyes, holding the soapy sponge in one hand and a dirty plate in the other. They stood like that for a few moments before Dean went back to washing the dishes.
"Youre... glad?" Sam asked, confused.
"How do you even-" Cas shakes his head. "Never mind."
Cas is definitely blushing now, but he doesn't protest at all, so Dean counts that a win.
Dean stops. "Hang on a sec." He says, and they lower the tv to the ground. Dean shrugs off his jacket, lays it over the top of the tv, then looks at Cas to pick it back up again. Cas is looking at him with an indescribable shimmer in his eyes, but he bends down and they lift it and continue on their way, rain beating down on them.
"Cas... if you dont... stop im... going to... come..." Dean got out between breaths.
"I'm sorry daddy, I promise I won't do it again."
Everything feels so good, his skin burns where Dean's lips touch it, he's being lit up from the inside out, and he loves every minute of it. Dean's fingers speed up, thrusting in and out, stretching him, crooking to pass over his prostate sending increasingly pleasurable zings through him each time. Dean mouths over his cock, and Cas' hips thrust up unintentionally, searching for the heat.
Cas nodded, and followed Dean to his room.
Dean wakes up tangled in Cas, and it's probably the most amazing feeling in the world, after being a father. He lays there for a while just soaking it up, reveling in it. He's wanted Cas for as long as he can remember, and here he is, so gorgeous and sleep rumpled and perfect.
This made Cas laugh. "Okay, Sam I offer my help. But I cant speak for Dean."
"I dont care" Dean said, and kissed Cas again.
"Okay. That would be nice." Cas replied.
Dean pulls back a little to breathe, and Cas latches on to his neck, licking and sucking every available inch of skin, finally tasting Dean. He's wanted this for so long, wondered how Dean's skin would taste, and the real thing is nothing compared to his imagination.
Dean gripped onto Cas' back, clinging to him, trying to control his breathing. Cas paused, but Dean shook his head and whispered "dont stop."
Without thinking, Cas lunged forward, smashing his lips to Dean's. Dean dropped Cas' hands, and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him into his lap, Cas' legs on either side of him.
Cas looks up at Dean with a look of awe, and yeah, Dean feels that too. He doesn't know where she got it, but his kid is fucking amazing and he couldn't be prouder.
A moment later, Sam's reply came in, causing a laugh to bubble out of Cas' chest.
God Dean was beautiful, all long and lean muscles. His cock was hard and leaking, and Cas wanted so badly to take him in his mouth. But he knew what Dean wanted, and he knew if he started that it would be almost impossible to make himself stop before Dean came down his throat. Instead, he leaned over and pulled out a bottle of lube and a condom from his nightstand, setting them on the bed before returning to Dean's mouth.
Cas finally loosens his grip for Dean to pull back, and Dean is sliding the ring onto his finger. Dean is grinning at him, and Cas can feel a huge smile on his own face as he leans forward and kisses Dean.
"Thanks Garth." He says, stepping out of the way so Cas can approach the counter.
Cas plunged his mouth down a few more times, grabbing the base of Dean's cock with his hand and squeezing.
"Kiss me" Dean begged.
"So, you want breakfast?" Dean asks, turning away from the counter where he'd been gathering stuff to make coffee.
Cas had shoved his hands underneath himself in an attempt to stop the shaking.
"What?" He hears shouted from inside.
Dean's laughter died down, and he shook his head. "I may have asked for help too. This" Dean waved his hand at his clothes. "She picked them out. I was... a little nervous about this, and didnt know what to wear."
"You shouldn't." Dean says, and Cas can tell he honestly believes that. Believes that he deserves to feel like shit about this forever, and Cas cannot let that happen. Seventeen years is long enough.
Cas continued to stand there, staring at him, not moving.
"Yeah? We'll see." Dean smirked. They both raised their glasses and drank.
"You called to me." Cas said.
Just then, they heard the bunker door open. They all shifted, staring at the doorway silently.
Cas knows he's getting close, can feel the pull in his groin. "Dean" he moans in warning. "Touch yourself." Because he can't focus enough to pull his hands off of Dean's hips.
"Theres really no need. I'm cool. We're cool." Dean said, setting the rag down.
Suddenly they heard a voice. Sam's voice. "Hey Dean?"
Claire shows up last, with Cas, and it's refreshing to see him even though they just saw each other the day before. Claire goes running up the stairs with a glare at her dad when she's told all the other girls are there already.
"Emma-" Cas tries, but is cut off again.
"Obviously, I wasn't. Now, if you'll excuse me." Cas turns back around and leaves, but not before Dean sees the tear sliding down his cheek.
"I didnt actually eat it. Supposedly it looks strange if we go out to eat and I dont order anything." Cas said, shrugging.
"I left right after you did. She was understanding. Told me to go explain myself to you." Dean laughed. "She thought you were my boyfriend, when I chased after you."
Dean glanced over at Jack, who just looked confused. "You okay kid?" He asked.
As he entered the kitchen and walked towards the coffee maker, he saw a movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned towards the table, noticing Dean sitting there with his head lowered.
"For believing me. For giving me a chance to earn your trust back. For..." Dean pauses, snuggles closer. "For accepting me the way I am."
"Uh, Sam, Charlie, a few other teachers from school. Come on, man. It's gonna be a good time. I'll even buy the first round." Dean said.
Dean reached into his pocket to pull out his wallet, but Courtney stopped him with a raised hand. "No no. I've got this. It's the least I can do." She said. She waved the waitress over for the check, and paid.
"How about just nothing under the pants. Just for now. I'm not sure I'm ready for that just yet" Dean said, hoping Cas was okay with that.
"Damnit, I don't get a free pass because my dad was an asshole. I should've done
Cas gave a humorless laugh. "You think I do? You've had a lot more experience with this sort of thing than I have. I just know what feels right. And this" he motioned between them. "This feels right. But if you're not up for it, just tell me now. Please."
"Hey, Benny, can you hang on one second?" Dean calls as he sees him reaching to close the door. When Benny nods, they pull the tv the rest of the way down the aisle and he turns to Cas. "So, I'll see you in about twenty minutes or so?"
Cas is miserable.
He makes it all of ten steps before Cas calls after him and he stops, pressing the heel of his hands into his eyes. He's just ready to go home.
Sam shook his head, looking somewhere between pissed off and amused.
Dean dug into his food, scarfing it down pretty quickly.
Dean could see that Cas was trying to act unattached, but he could see the hurt below the surface of his face. "I made a mistake Cas." He shook his head. "A huge mistake. I shouldn't hav-".
Dean paces around his apartment for a while, knowing he should put the clothes away or he'll regret it tomorrow, but he's too worked up and it's almost time to leave anyway.
"I'm gonna pick you up and bring you to the car. It's gonna hurt but I need you to just hold onto me, okay?"
"Everything okay?" Cas asks, and fuck his voice is even deeper in the morning.
Before he knew what was happening, Cas had grabbed ahold of him and rolled them over, so now Cas was the one on top with his leg in between Dean's. Dean could feel himself get even harder, straining against his pants.
Dean laughed again. "I look forward to it."
Cas smiles again, beautiful and shining. "I'd like that too." He opens the door, steps out, and collects his chickens from the back seat. "I'll talk to you soon. Goodbye, Dean." He says, closing the door and walking up the path to the house.
Dean smiled "maybe I should almost die more often, if this is the result." He let out a small chuckle.
"You're, uh- you're home early," Cas says breathlessly.
Cas set them down on the end of Dean's bed, and started to take off his shirt. As he pulled it off, he looked over at Dean and saw him staring.
"You wanna hang out? I've still gotta make dinner, but I'm gonna be here surrounded by a bunch of teenage girls, and I could use some backup. Though, Em's got a new tv in her room so I'm not sure I'll even see them again after they eat, especially with Charlie up there." Dean says, hopeful. Hanging out, or even just texting with Cas has become something he looks forward to.
"Nuh uh. If I'm helping, then I'm actually helping. Show me what you have." She said, turning toward the door.
Dean doesn't even know what to say at this point, watching as Gordon digs into his food. He should just leave, before things get worse, but he really is hungry, not having eaten since breakfast, and how much worse could it really get? He's already resigned to never speaking to this man again after tonight.
"He can if he let's me know where he is. I thought another demon might've shown up." Sam said.
He felt, more than heard, Cas moan at that movement. Dean pulled his hand out from under Cas' shirt, and gripped the bottom of it, quickly pulling it up and over Cas' head.
As the kiss deepened, Dean attempted to pull back to get a breath, but Cas wasnt relenting. He put his hand in Dean's hair, and pulled his face back in. As Dean let off a small noise, Cas took the opportunity to slide his tongue along Dean's bottom lip. In turn, Dead pushed his tongue past Cas' lips, attempting to taste every part of his mouth.
"You're not taking him away from me" Dean yelled. "If you're taking him, you're taking me too!"
Dean sighs, not really wanting to get into this right now, but knowing she won't give up easily. She's as stubborn as he is. "It was."
God, if Dean really does love him, after what Cas did last night, he'll probably never have the chance to even tell Dean how he feels. That thought sends a sharp jolt of panic through Cas' chest, and he picks up the phone again, even knowing it'll go straight to voicemail.
Shaking his head at the strange situation, Dean pulls the bus out and continues with the rest of his boring Wednesday.
"Care to share with the class?" Dean asked, smiling.
--'what happened with Cas?'
The day after that, Dean works the afternoon shift, so he has a nice morning at home with Cas, makes them breakfast, and heads out to Cas' workshop with him. He misses him when he's working so much, but he has to keep up with these hours for now. Cas has told him he doesn't need to work so much, that he makes more than enough to pay the bills and has been doing it by himself for many years, but Dean just can't do that. He's never one to shirk responsibilities, or live off someone else.
"I understand, Dean. You need other friends. Though I dont like that you kissed her. It makes me feel this... bubbling inside. I cant explain it." Cas said, furrowing his brow.
"What the hell Dean?!" They heard a shout from down the hall.
"Hey, you dont-" Dean starts, but Cas cuts him off.
Dean drew in a sharp breath as the cool air hit his hard member, immediately warmed by Cas pressing his own clothed hardness against him.
"Can you go somewhere else for a while?" Michael says, sneering Dean's way.
Naomi looks down at some papers on her desk, shuffles them around, and looks back at him. "It seems as if you went off your route today" she says. It's not a question, but Dean answers anyway.
"Oh" Cas is struck speechless. Dean wants him, he wants to be with him, and he's so kind and considerate and Cas doesn't know what to do with that.
After Dean was thoroughly washed, Cas took the washcloth to his own shaft, and washed it. When he was done, he passed the washcloth back to Dean who did the same.
It hurts. It really fucking hurts. One goddamn sentence, something that didn't even
"Yes."
Cas grunted, and continued walking. As he entered the hallway, he decided he wasnt quite ready to face Dean, so he turned into the kitchen, deciding to make some coffee or something. Anything to procrastinate the inevitable.
Jack nodded "yes, I am fine. I actually think I might go to my room. I'm a bit tired from today." He said, standing up.
He turns back to Cas to say something, but forgets as soon as he takes him in. Cas is soaked through, they both are, and his blue shirt is clinging to his skin, water dripping from his hair down his face, and he's watching Dean with an amazed longing in his eyes. He's fucking beautiful.
When that was finished, he went over to the clothes hed brought in and tossed a set to Cas, who started to put them on.
Dean sighed. He needed to not keep things from Cas if this was ever going to work.
The smoke paused its approached for a moment.
"Hmm?" Dean grumbles, trying to smash his face into the back of the couch.
"Cream and sugar if you have it. If not, black is fine." She said, staring at the table.
They're both breathing hard, clinging to each other. Shivers are going through Cas' body, and he can feel Dean trembling above him. Cas pulls him down, slides him to the side until he has Dean in his arms, pressed against his chest, nose and lips buried in Dean's hair.
It starts slow, soft, Cas' lips are warm and wet from the rain, and Cas let's out a pleased noise. Dean wants more, and he gets it pretty quickly. Cas deepens the kiss, pressing harder against Dean, bringing their bodies together until Dean is pressed up against the wall, Cas against him. He runs his hands up Cas' arms and neck, tangling one in his hair, and parts his lips a little. Cas' tongue swipes out against his, and he moans low in his throat, arousal curling in his stomach as Cas grips at his hips.
Cas got up and followed Dean into the kitchen. Dean could still feel his heart beating fast, but tried his best to hide his nervousness.
Dean rolled his hips as much as he was able to, with the small amount of space Cas was allowing him to move.
It takes a moment for his brain to even register what's happening. Fern Guy is on his stomach on the floor now, wedged half under a seat reaching for something. There are several chickens, fucking
It's a Wednesday when it first happens. A regular old boring ordinary Wednesday. Dean maneuvers the bus down his usual route, picking up regulars and new faces alike.
The banging continues as he pulls himself up off the floor and looks around. It's barely light outside, the sun just coming up. Making his way over to slider, he opens it slowly and quietly, peaking out.
"Go find him. Talk to him and explain what happened. If you're as close as you say, then he'll understand." She said, touching his arm again, but this time it was purely for comfort.
Courtney smiled, picking another fry up. "I really like you" she pointed to Cas with the fry.
"Mmm yeah, just about." Cas replies, feeling his heart rate increase.
Cas felt Deans hand on him, and his heartbeat suddenly quickened. This was unusual, having no control over his bodily functions. He chanced a quick glance at the side of Deans face, but Dean just looked like he was really into the movie. Then Cas felt Dean's thumb move, slowly caressing his leg, though Dean still didnt look away from the TV.
"Okay. I'm sure it's not that bad. You want me to come over?"
Cas placed the drinks on the table, and sat down. Dean grabbed his shot, holding it up. "To... love" he said, staring at Cas.
His bus is empty as he makes his way down the main strip downtown. There's someone sitting on the bus bunch, so Dean pulls up and opens the door. Its Fern Guy (as Dean's been silently calling him for months now, though he's never had another potted plant after that first time).
"Its really fine, Dean. I kind of like her" he replied, cutting Dean off.
"I have to run home, I forgot my nail gun. I'll be back." He closes the door without waiting for a response, and Cas still just sits there staring.
"You don't have to, Cas. But if you did, I'd pay you. At this point, I'd pay almost anything not to look at this report again." Dean says.
"Okay."
Dean wakes up late morning with Cas pressing kisses to the back of his neck, his body a solid weight against Dean's back.
Dean looks up at him, and he looks angry. "What the hell is that?" Dean asks, pointing at the new chicken enclosure with the mallet in his hand.
There's a knock on the door before the ink can flow.
Cas shrugged. "I dont know. It just seems so... What's the phrase you always use? Chicken flick? And you dont like that."
Thanks for reading!
So, he just nods. "Thank you for being honest with me" he says.
"I don't say things I dont mean." Cas says, and then finally looks at Dean. "I'm glad you were with her when I couldn't be."
It seemed that everytime they got close, Dean started regressing back into his head.
"What? What happened? What is it?" He's looking at her, and she looks panicked.
Dean looks startled for a second, eyes wide, searching Cas' face. After a moment, he smiles his beautiful breathtaking smile. "Yes."
Not saying a word, he reached his hands out and grasped the hem of Cas' shirt, still covered in his blood, and slowly pulled it over his head. Then he grabbed ahold of his own ruined shirt and discarded it as well.
"No, thank you. I'm fine." Cas replies, looking around the kitchen, out the window, anywhere that isn't Dean.
"Anything," Cas promises, and means it. Whatever Dean wants, he can have. Cas will give him everything.
They finally pulled into the lot of a large white building, and Dean looked at the sign as he parked. "The museum?" He asked, turning the car off and looking around. He wasnt into the whole art thing, but Cas had planned this so he would at least pretend to enjoy it.
Fern Guy looks ashamed when he answers. "I did, I'm sorry. It was not my intention, but I had no choice." And fuck, that voice is nice.
"What? No, Cas, I don't want to forget it" Dean started getting a little flustered.
He leans over and kisses Dean. "I'll be right back, my love." He says quietly, before heading into the bathroom to clean himself up, grab a washcloth and head back to the bed. Cas gently removes the ruined panties, his dick twitching a little at the mess of come in them, so damn hot, before cleaning his husband up and tossing the rag to the floor. He pulls the blankets up around them, then guides Dean into his arms pressing a kiss to his forehead.
Cas made him lunch, and it was the same as breakfast, sitting silently across from each other until he was done, then back to work.
He took his time in the shower, making sure he got all the dirt and grease off his body. He got out, dryed off, and fixed his hair.
It was definitely more intense than that. Cas can remember it clearly, even now, even through his coked out haze of that night. He'd used his memories of Dean to get up, and stay up. Kept his eyes closed the whole time, imagining. And when he came, he'd shouted Dean's name, muffled into her soft skin. She'd stormed out after that, and he passed out not even feeling guilty about it.
"Damn, Cas. I'm sorry." There's so much anguish in Dean's voice that it actually hurts. Dean knows this was all because he left, and Cas can't find it in himself to reassure him, because it's true, though it's really his own fault for letting it get that bad and not just moving on like every other person after a breakup.
When Cas' phone pings with a message, he pulls back and looks at it. "The car is here." He says, then types something out. "Let me have your number" Cas presses his phone into Dean's hands, and mindlessly Dean enters his number and hands it back. "I'll text you about tonight. That is, if you still want to go?" Cas sounds hesitant again, almost nervous.
"You're everything to me, Dean. Before you, I was nothing but a shell, going through the motions every day but not really living. You taught me how to live, how to love, how to be myself, and I can't imagine spending a moment of my life without you. I love you." Cas takes in a shaky breath and opens the box. "Will you marry me?"
"Cancelling? Yeah, you should've just texted. Not like I don't get it, just wish I would've known before I drove here." He feels embarrassed and ridiculously sad over something that just wasn't meant to happen.
: It is far too much and I can't take it.
Dean shrugged, chewing. He hated when people asked what he did, he could never come up with a good enough answer, without outright lying. He moved around uncomfortably in his seat, trying to avoid her piercing gaze.
Dean pulled his face back, as far as he could. "Cas" he panted out. Cas attacked his mouth once again, shoving his tongue inside.
"I dont know what happened. He caught me off guard, my mind was somewhere else. I should have been paying more attention" Dean stumbled over his words.
They met at the restaurant because Cas felt weird having someone he doesn't really know knowing where he lives, and he didn't really want to be without his car anyway in case things did not go well.
Dean wakes to his brother standing over him. "You've gotta get up, you're going to be late for work."
"Dean?" Cas asked again.
Looking at the time, Dean heads into the restaurant. It's a nice place, not extremely fancy, but nice enough that the waitstaff is wearing slacks and a maroon buttondown covered by a black waistcoat and maroon tie. The aesthetic is nice, and Dean's already impressed that Gordon picked this place.
Dean dives in and quickly scoops up the closest chicken, who's apparently caught off guard. He puts his hands around it to settle the wings, then takes it straight to the cage, closing the door behind it.
At the same time, Claire says "I'm glad someone did, could starve to death around here."
Cas just sat there for a few more minutes in silence, staring once again at the open book. Sam opened his book back up, resolving to let Cas take it from here.
Wiping off his hands on his jeans, he makes his way to the foyer and opens the door.
Smiling, Dean pulls on Cas' hand, leading him to the couch until they're sitting next to each other, facing each other "Well, kissing is nice." Dean says, a small smirk on his face.
"Daddy!" Her voice is shrill, and Dean jumps off the couch and is running up the stairs before he even realizes he's moving.
Their voices overlapped again, twisting together in harmony like they were made for this.
Cas flinches at the harsh tone of Dean's voice, but he deserves it. He deserves that and so much worse. Dean looks heartbroken, hurt, betrayed, and it's so painful it takes Cas' breath away.
As they descended the stairs into the war room, Sam came running up. "What the hell happened? I would've called you but you dropped your phone. Here" Sam tossed Dean's phone to him.
"Sure sweetheart, what do you need done." Dean says, walking over and taking the tool from Cas' hands. Cas shows him what he needs sanded down, and after a short kiss Dean gets to work.
Cas slid into the seat across from hers, and Dean sat down to his left..
Cas finishes his sandwich, drinks some of the coffee which is made exactly how he likes it, and feels more awake now.
"So, we had Emma, and I couldn't have been happier with her, but Lydia wasn't meant for motherhood. She was always gone, and even when she was home it was like Emma didn't exist to her. I hated going to work, worried about what would happen while I was out."
"Oh, beloved, it's okay. Everything's going to be fine." Cas' hands are rubbing soothing circles along his back, through his hair, as he continues his litany of comforting words.
Once he gets her home, he settles her into her new pen area off to the side of the livingroom. She seems content, nestled down into the blankets, so he finally allows himself to sit down on the couch and rest.
Dean leaned up and kissed Cas gently. "You took care of me, now I take care of you." Dean said. Once he was done, he tossed the washcloth onto the floor and laid down next to Cas.
damnit!
Dean slid is hands down to rest on Cas' waist, gripping there lightly, as Cas gently pushed his tongue into Dean's mouth.
"Cas, that's enough." Dean said, turning towards him. Dean was pretty sure he was trying to scare her off. Or, at the very least, make her think he was crazy.
That makes Cas extremely nervous. He doesn't even want to see Dean again, as much as he actually does want to. No, he'll drive it over, make Claire take it to the door, and never even look.
"What are you talking about, Cas?" Dean was worried. The room shook again, and Dean braced himself with the table.
He just ruined everything. He had to get out of there. Cas pushed himself off the wall, and got two steps away when he heard "Cas, wait."
"Can we go sit with her? Please?" Emma asks, and why the hell not? Just leave him here alone with the awkwardness that is his and Cas' current relationship.
Emma stares at him, studying him, and he stares back, not backing down. Her face changes into one of discovery. "You loved him." She says quietly.
After several minutes, Cas pulled back slightly, and laid his face into the crook of Dean's neck, his lips pressed against him.
"Bye Cas."
Dean turns to face him, looking right in his eyes. "Did you not get the part I said earlier about someone who doesn't understand your passion not being worth your time? You should've said something. If I hadn't understood, then there'd be no point in continuing this." He points between the two of them. "This is who you are, and I think who you are is pretty damn great."
Cas heard him approaching, and started to wash the dish.
Sometimes, every once in a while, there's just a flicker in Cas' eyes, or a look on his face, or a lingering touch that lasts just a little too long, and Dean's almost sure Cas has feelings for him. But then it passes, and Cas never says anything, never makes any other indication he wants something more than what they already have.
the complaint. "Someone on the bus at that time said you were rude to him."
"Don't hide things from me again." Cas says, still hurt that Dean felt he had to hide such a big part of himself all this time.
Dean laughed. "What are you doing that has you so entranced by that screen that you dont want me to see?"
Cas could hear the pleading in Dean's voice, and knew he wasn't being fair. He was being selfish, and a terrible friend.
"You had good reason to be, and though I can't say I'm glad you didn't do those things, I understand it now at least." Cas steps to the side a little, wanting so bad to make his way around this barrier.
It's a long while later, when Cas' shirt is soaked through, and they've both cried out everything they had, when Dean climbs off of him mumbling something about water and disappearing into the kitchen.
"Do you know why" Cas coughs to clear his throat, shifts around, he can feel his finger twitch against his thigh. "Why he left? Why he didn't say anything?"
Cas contemplated that question for a minute. He took a deep breath and said "I didnt want to make it happen sooner than it would naturally. If I brought it up, it might send you down that road, and I just wasnt ready for that yet."
"Dean-"
"Mornin' Cas." Dean says, then turns the stove off and pours another cup of coffee and adds cream and sugar. He puts it into Cas' hands, and steers him to the table.
"As much as my parents disapproved of having a child out of wedlock, their help is the only reason we made it. I think, because Amelia had passed, they were more accepting. I was able to finish school, and give Claire the best life I could. Unfortunately, once it came out that I'm gay, and that had to happen eventually, they cut off all contact and we haven't spoken since."
"Coffee" he said, before digging in his drawers and pulling out a couple pairs of sweat pants. He tossed one on the bed for Cas, and pulled the other pair over his boxers.
"Overexcited is an understatement" Cas laughed. "So, you want to take this slow? I'm not sure exactly what that entales. I'm new to this whole thing."
Dean typed up another message.
Until "The Incident".
Pulling his head back, Cas looks into Dean's eyes as he lines himself up and pushes inside slowly, both of them groaning with pleasure. Dean's hot wet heat surrounds him, feels so fucking good he wants to start thrusting, but he holds himself still, giving Dean time to adjust. Dean's clutching at him, fingers digging into his back, and Cas loves it. He wants more.
: Sounds perfect
Dean reaches up and wipes away an escaped tear. He looks away for a minute, and when his eyes find Cas' again he can see determination in them.
When they come into the kitchen, Charlie tells them she has a surprise planned and to get dressed, and within 10 minutes they're all gone and Dean is left alone with Cas standing in the foyer.
"What do you mean?" Dean asks.
Dean is just sliding the last pancake onto a plate when the girls suddenly grow quiet. He turns around, and Cas is standing in the kitchen doorway, half asleep still, and looking amazing in Dean's sweatpants.
"Okay, hey Cas, it's alright, calm down. Shit." He can hear Dean talking but his vision is blurry and he's just standing there freaking out. "Hey, Em, can you hold onto her for me?" Dean says, and a minute later he's being pulled into Dean's arms.
He gingerly picks up the laptop and sets it on his lap, clicking through the open tabs. They're all apartment listings. Dread fills Cas as he realizes that Dean's planning on moving out, and probably soon if he's searching this thoroughly.
He could feel Cas continue to take off his pants. Once they were off, Cas leaned above him and began to slide the flannel off his shoulders, leaving him in a tshirt and boxers. When he finished with that, he laid back beside Dean and pulled him against himself.
Cas holds the bowl out. "Try it."
"Of course, Dean." There's no question about that. His place will always be by Dean's side. "Tomorrow. Sleep now."
Claire holds up her hands in surrender. "Okay, I'm sorry for lying, but come on, it all worked out."
He's got it cornered in the stairs against the door, and laughs victoriously as his hands close around it. "Gotcha you little fucker." He scrambles onto his feet, and turns to see Fern Guy watching him, the other chicken safely in the cage.
" spilling from his lips as he pushes back, begging for more.
Cas shifts around, wanting to ask so bad what happened. He's sure it wasn't the same as his situation, from the comment Dean had made the day before.
Cas' eyes flew open, and he jumped up off the couch. Something was wrong. Cas came tearing out of the room and down the hall to the library.
Cas takes the last few steps around the island and crowds into Dean's space, turning him until they're face to face. He reaches up and places a hand on either side of Dean's face, and Dean closes his eyes.
They both stepped out of the shower, and Dean grabbed a towel off the hook next to them. He ran it slowly over Cas' body, removing all the water before dropping it to the floor.
"Same here!" Courtney said enthusiastically.
Dean threw his head back into the pillows again, this time in pleasure. Searching for anything to hold onto, he grabbed the sheets in his hands.
There in the doorway stood Courtney, which, of course, wasnt weird. What was weird was that she was wearing nothing but one of Sam's large flannels, buttoned up the front. Dean hoped she at least had underwear on, then wondered to himself when he'd changed so much to wish a girl was wearing more clothes, not less.
"Never got around to it, when Michael came out of his room half dressed and all over him." A fresh wave of pain stabs into Dean's chest, and he has to take a steadying breath. "He asked me to leave, so I left."
"Yeah, Sammy. Dont ignore our guest" Dean said, kicking Sam under the table.
"Hello Dean, Emma." Cas says, looking all gorgeous and staring down at his own daughter with suspicion.
"Alright, if that's what you want." Dean said. Cas smiled, and went to pull away again. "Just one thing before you go." Dean held onto Cas' arm.
It wasn't like they had any idea that Cas' entire world had crumbled around him. They didn't know about Dean, and they sure as hell didn't know he liked men.
He was watching Dean as he sang, but tore his eyes away to look anywhere else. He found a spot on the wall, and focused on that.
Cas approaches, the island the only thing separating them. "I've spent so long mad at you, blaming you, trying to make myself hate you, and none of it was your fault." Cas knows his voice sounds awed, because he is. He's amazed that Dean never wanted to leave him, and ashamed that he ever believed Dean would, and guilty and sad and happy and every other emotion all crammed into one. It's overwhelming.
Cas looks smug when he says "it's black tea flavored."
Fern Guy nods, gathers his chicken cage, and deboards the bus without saying a word.
Dean set his phone down on his nightstand, and after a couple of minutes, he made his way back to the livingroom, but Cas wasnt there. Dean's heart dropped. 'He left again. He wont come back this time. God damnit why do I fuck everything up' he thought, as he walked back down the hall toward the kitchen, hoping Cas hadnt really left, but steeling himself to the possibilty that he had.
Dean starts to turn toward his car when Cas' voice stops him again. "But I don't want to reschedule." And wow, okay, that feels even worse.
Once the drinks were poured, Dean paid and headed back to the table, hands full. Cas' laughter had died down, but Dean could see the glint of happiness in his eyes. "What's so funny guys?" He asked, setting the drinks down.
"Emma, you have guests." He says.
"Cas" Dean whispered.
Cas figited. This talk was heading into dangerous territory. "I see you at work every day." He replied cooly, taking a longer drink.
-'great, bad, then great again. I'll tell you later. Gotta wash my sheets.' And hit send.
Shit. Shit shit shit. Of all the friends Claire could've made, it had to be Dean Winchester's daughter.
Dean sighs and feels the tension leak out of his shoulders and back a bit. "I still want to." He says, and Cas looks up at him with a shining smile. Dean can feel his lips turn up on their own accord, and the chicken at his feet clucks happily.
"Ahh, makes sense." Dean said.
Suddenly Dean turned around. "Going to my room" he mumbled, then walked out of the kitchen.
Cas thrust even harder into him, making Dean wimper.
Courtney tilted her head to the side, almost the way Cas did, but not nearly as cute. "So you're telling me" she leaned forward again. "That you really are an angel. And your father is God. And you're hunting him?"
"You're coming?!" Dean asked, the happiness in his voice causing Cas' stomach to turn over.
Cas pulls his fingers out and quickly coats himself with the lube, the first time his cock has been touched tonight and the relief is immense. He lines himself up with Dean's hole, and slowly pushes in until hes fully seated as they both moan their pleasure. Cas' fingers are digging into Dean's hips, and he has to still a moment before continuing, overwhelmed by the satisfaction of finally,
"Okay, good. Then I'll see you at 7, if that time works for you." Cas said, starting to pull away.
so bad it hurts.
Dean began to get cold, and when Cas felt him shiver a bit, he pulled him tighter against himself. "We should probably get dressed." He whispered.
"You, Cas. I want" Dean's breath hitches as Cas starts work on the other one. "Want you inside me."
"I'd like to kiss you." Cas says, inching closer. "Is that okay?"
Dean walked past Cas, over to his desk, where he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and a glass. Holding the glass up to Cas with a questioning head tilt.
Dean is kissing him, and Cas wants to cry and shout in happiness and never let go. Kissing him back with everything he has, Cas presses Dean into the wall and plasters his body against his, unable to get close enough, wanting, needing more.
Dean wrapped his arm tighter around Cas, and buried his face as deep as he could. Cas laughed again causing his chest to rise and fall, then leaned his face down and pressed a kiss to Dean's head.
Dean took a deep breath and nodded.
Dean's anger is boiling over, and he can't hold back anymore. "Get the fuck off my bus before I call the cops!" He says, taking a hesitant step forward. He really doesn't want to have to physically make this guy leave, even the thought of it sending an unpleasant chill through him.
"Jeez Cas, you had me worried... Sure, I'll go on a date with you." Dean said.
Courtney took a deep breath. "Look, I didn't plan this. I mean, obviously, I didnt even know you had a brother. But, things happened. We're all adults. So... It happened." She shrugged, and took a drink.
Dean woke up early again, which was becoming an annoying habit now. He felt Cas against him, and snuggled his head deeper into his chest.
Cas sets his phone down and flops backward onto the bed, letting out a breath. This is a nightmare. Just drop it off and leave, that's it. No more.
"Y'all can go watch something, if you want. This'll take about a half hour." Dean says to the three of them. As much as he wants Cas right in front of him, he needs five seconds without his intense stare, because he can't think clearly with it. "You're welcome to stay here, but it's gonna be pretty boring." Dean's says to Cas.
Courtney nodded. "Okay. I just... " She nervously chuckled. "I don't want you to think I'm a slut. Or easy. Or whatever they call it these days. First, trying to pick you up. Then your brother. That's not me. At least, not usually."
"I'm sorry" Cas whispered. Dean could barely hear the words. Louder, Cas said "Dean. I love you. I love you so much." Then he kissed him.
Cas worked his finger around, loosening Dean up, all the while kissing Dean, trying to take his mind off the new intrusion.
Dean shakes his head. "You haven't. It's been no trouble, at least not until today." He says with a laugh.
Cas nods. "Kind of hard not to." He says, gesturing at the table. "I don't know why you'd keep this from me though. I would never judge you for something you enjoy. I love you."
Dean nodded. "Okay. Well if you need anything, just shout." Jack gave one head nod, and walked out of the room.
A whimper escaped Dean's throat as Cas removed his fingers, but Cas quickly settled himself back between Dean's legs, and opened the lube again. Pouring some more into his hand, he stroked his hard cock with it.
Getting lost in his work is nothing new, and he's elbows deep in it when he hears a loud screeching coming from the yard. He jumps up and runs outside, taking in a scene that makes his heart pound and his stomach drop.
Giddy excitement, appreciation, and more love come pouring out of Dean's chest. "God, you're amazing." He says, pulling Cas to him. "If I didn't already love you more than anything, this would do it."
Dean leaned his head down and placed a kiss on the top of Cas' head. "Thank you."
"Fuck, Cas I'm sorry. I was out of control, I'm so sorry." Dean says running a hand down his face. "Shit, I'm an asshole."
Dean settles at the table with his own breakfast, and they talk about the plans for the day.
"Me too." Dean replies, and that's good enough for him, so he kisses back down to Dean's cock, and licks his tongue against the head, the flavor of Dean bursting on his tongue.
"I really don't mind, as long as you're comfortable with it." Dean says, pulling his car out onto the street toward Cas'.
"I wasn't sure what you normally got paid, so I kind of googled it and made an estimate. If it's not enough, just let me know."
Cas still doesn't say a word, but Dean can see a small smile on his face as he starts eating.
"I thought you would like it. It looks just like your car." Cas replied.
Dean smiled, and looked up into Cas' face. He stared for a moment before noticing the stoic look, a glint of anger in Cas' eyes.
Cas stared up into Dean's eyes, and Dean could see a small tear forming in Cas' eye. He leaned down and kissed it away as it began to roll down his face.
Sam stood up. "I'll work on it. Just... Stop drinking so much." He walked to the door. "And take a damn shower, it reeks in here." With that he left the room and closed the door.
Emma comes into his room, and that automatically wakes him up because he's a single dad and has always had to be on edge ready for anything to happen. He keeps his eyes closed though and listens as she heads further into the room, around the bed, until he feels bed dip on the other side and Emma is curled up next to him. He peeks his eyes open and she's staring at him expectantly.
"Cas lives here now." After Sam's expected exclamation of "what?!" Dean explains about Cas moving back, and about their daughters, how they've talked a little, and how he ran into him at the coffee shop.
"No choice? What the hell?" Dean says, on the irritated side. He's embarrassed and feels gross thanks to his faceplant, and that tends to come out as angry in him.
Cas breaks down the last empty box, looking around their new house. It had been a struggle, convincing Dean to let Cas buy this for them, but he eventually caved and Cas couldn't be happier with it.
Cas settled into a conversation with Sam, turning his body enough so he didn't have to directly watch what was going on next to him, and letting a pleasant buzz from the beer begin to wash through him.
As these thoughts float through his head, he's reminded again, by the sadness that washes through him, of what had happened all those years ago.
"Wha... Oh sure thanks" Dean said. He slowly got up from the table, watching Cas meticulously fill each part of the coffee maker, before pushing the start button.
"Something happened there in your head, I could see it on your face." Dean says, eyes boring into Cas'.
By that afternoon, they have a date set for the next weekend, and Cas feels... Well, he feels
"Cas, what-" Dean starts, but doesn't even get a chance to ask.
Dean turned his head and placed a kiss on Cas' temple. When Dean pulled his head back, Cas had the sweetest smile on his face.
? Dean was standing there, staring at him, and he could've asked him to stay. Asked him to talk, tried to explain what happened.
about it. He's not extremely excited, or even nervous really like he has been in the past before first dates, but he is looking forward to it, which is a start.
The door opened and Dean stood on the other side. Dean looked out at Cas for a moment before he backed up, letting him into the room. Cas stepped in, and Dean closed the door behind him.
"Cas, please!"
Dean didnt move. His mind went completely blank as he felt Cas' warm chapped lips against his own. Very slowly, Dean slid his hand up and around the back of Cas' neck, pulling him in further.
"I'm fine Dean" he replied.
The look of anguish on Dean's face hurts him so much, he just wants to make it go away. "I didn't even ask," Dean says quietly, letting Cas move him closer. "I'm sorry" he says again.
"Hello Dean" Cas replied.
When Dean pulls up at Cas' apartment building, he doesn't linger and hurries up the stairs to the apartment. He just needs to get in, grab his shit, and get out. There are too many memories here, and it already hurts. Maybe this was a bad idea, but he's here now and he needs to just do it.
Dean leaned down and pressed another kiss to Cas' lips before kissing his way down Cas' abdomen once again.
Sometime in the afternoon, Cas' phone rings. He sets his book down, grabs it off the couch next to him and answers it without even looking.
Dean stood there, adjusting his clothes for a few more minutes, before he picked up his phone and looked at the time. It was a minute till 7, 'better get moving' he thought. He shoved his phone and wallet in his pocket, and took one last look in the mirror.
Cas listened. The song seemed familiar, but he didn't actually know the words. He was watching Dean, and Dean was looking at their table.
He can feel Dean getting close, blunt nails digging into his back, breathing faster. Dean throws his head back in pleasure as he spills over Cas' fist, calling his name, and Cas follows right behind, cock pulsing inside Dean as he fills the condom, muffled cries into Dean's shoulder.
He was even more surprised when the guy slipped him his number while he was paying. When he'd turned around, Claire looked angry, which was strange because she's never seemed to have a problem when he's dated. Though, Cas supposes, he really doesn't do it often so it's very hard to judge what Claire thinks about it in general.
"Because..." Dean didnt know what to say. Why had he done it? Had he been looking for an out? 'No. I want Cas. Tell him!' He yelled at himself.
Grabbing his keys, wallet and phone already in pocket, Dean heads out the door, settling in Baby and letting her low deep rumble soothe him.
"Listen to me, because you need to hear this and you need to believe it, because like I told you, I don't say things I don't mean. Are you listening?" When Dean nods, Cas says what's he needs to say.
Once done, he threw his robe on and went back to his room, locking the door behind him.
Cas slides both his hands down, down to Dean's thighs, then grasps them, pulling up until Dean's legs wrap around his waist. Dean moans again, and Cas can feel his fingernails digging into his shoulders. He holds Dean tighter, and walks them out of the kitchen, through the livingroom and into his bedroom.
"You never have to let me go again." Cas says, then he's backing up and taking Dean's hand to lead him upstairs.
Reluctantly, Dean drags himself out of bed. If he could just stay there all day, until he has to get ready, he would. But alas, he is an adult and has to do adulty things: chores, laundry, and grocery shopping, which takes the whole morning and part of the afternoon.
For the second time that day, Dean thought his heart might stop. As he kissed Cas back, he felt Cas move closer and press his body against Dean's. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him flush against his body.
"This has to do with Ca-"
Cas is even more confused now. He's looking from Dean to the tarp and back again, head tilted in question.
Cas kissed Dean with desperation, a desperation hed never felt before, pushing himself against him to get as close as possible. He felt Dean's hands on him, all over his body, kissing him back just as hard.
They stepped out, drying themselves, and began to get dressed in the clothes Dean had brought in. A pair of jeans and tshirts for both, and a flannel to throw over top for Dean.
Benny's watching them as Dean pulls it further on, making room for Cas at the top of the stairs. Dean watches as Cas pulls out his wallet and flashes his bus pass, and Dean's grinning to himself because it's so fucking cute. Cas, the perfect little rule abiding citizen, even while he's bringing a giant old tv onto the bus.
Dean laughed and went back to his food, inhaling the rest of it.
As Dean stood there, his body just barely touching Cas', he felt that pull in his chest again. It caused his heartrate to speed up, his breath increasing in pace and intensity.
Dean looked at Cas, who nodded. "Thats fine." He said.
Cas sets his phone down and flops onto the couch, his worries from last night coming back again, plaguing him with thoughts of Dean out with someone else.
"He loves you just as much, you know. You're so lucky." She said, staring off wistfully.
Naomi looks down at her desk, picks up a piece if paper and slides it across to him. Dean looks down, and sees it's a warning slip. A fucking warning slip for unprofessionalism.
"That's really great honey... Wait, where was she telling someone to put what exactly?"
Dean numbly makes his way over to Baby, climbs inside, and drives home.
"I'm a teenager, I know things. So?" She says.
-'I dunno. Probably left. I dont want to go see.'
As Cas pushes into him again, he wraps his arms around Dean's middle and pulls him up until Dean's in his lap, bouncing on his cock. "Yes. Yes baby, please." Dean moans, grinding his ass down. Dean's hands shoot out to grasp the headboard for leverage, then hes pounding down onto Cas' cock with abandon.
"Ask me, Cas." Dean says into his hair.
"Theyll fit. Stop being a baby." She said, setting them down on his bed. She pulled her phone out of her pocket, and looked at it. "Its already 6. You need to get showered and dressed."
"Cas" Dean moaned, pulling up to kiss him again. Suddenly Dean pulled Cas flush with himself and rolled them over so he was now on top of Cas.
Not too long after that, the bus pulls up. Dean grabs one end, Cas the other, and they start loading it on. Once it's up the stairs, Dean turns to look at the driver and sees his friend.
"Uh, I just... it's been a long time, since I've done this." Dean says, and Cas realizes he means sex with a man.
"Yes, the other night was... something" Cas basically growled.
As soon as the bus pulls up, Dean is bounding up the steps and down the aisle to Cas. They easily get the tv picked up and maneuver it down the steps, all while Benny's watching them with a curious eye. He's sure he'll get a text later asking what the hell he was doing, but he can't be bothered to care because Cas looks so happy that he actually followed through with what he said.
Dean is only slightly surprised that this is Emma's new friend. She's always been a very inclusive person, and though they seem like opposites, he knows that would never matter to her.
Once the girls are gone, Dean looks over at Cas and watches as his serious face fades away into a heart melting grin.
Shaking his head, he gets out of the car. It's getting hotter, and it's fairly safe out there at Cas', so he leaves the windows down so Baby isn't a sauna when he gets back in later, and walks around the side of the house to get back to work.
Cas grabs ahold of Dean's hips and presses him against the counter, deepening the kiss until Dean is breathless and his head is a fog of desire.
"Cas?" Dean calls out, closing the door behind him and dropping his keys on the little table by the door. It's Cas' day off and his car's outside, so he should be home.
Every single time, people stare at him, and every damn time the man ignores the looks, glances at Dean in the mirror, half smiles, and that's it.
Cas is now even more glad that he made a date for next weekend.
Cas could feel his heart beating hard in his chest.
He forced his feet to keep moving. Dean hadn't seen him yet, so Cas peeled his eyes off of him and looked around. Charlie, the computer teacher, and resident hacker extraordinaire, was sitting next to Dean's brother Sam. There was Benny, the home ec teacher, Garth the guidance counselor, and Kevin from the math department.
"Its fine Dean. We should get you home." Cas said.
"Me too! You made it sound so good." Claire says, and Dean's own suspicion kicks up a notch.
"Oh, yes. We could... do that some more. If you'd like" Cas responded, his face falling almost inconceivably.
"Hes an idiot. Get used to it" Sam laughed.
The vet smiles lightly at him. "Don't worry, I believe she's going to be fine. You can pick her up tomorrow morning, but we'll call you if anything happens."
"Dean, wait," Cas says quickly, jumping off the couch and reaching out to grasp Dean's arm.
Dean just gripped tighter to his hand. "Take me too! Do you hear me, god damnit?!" The smoked inched closer. "Take me too, because I'm not letting him go!"
Dean stared at Billie for a few moments. She didnt say another word, turned, and walked out.
." Dean's voice is strained, and Cas feels deep satisfaction at tearing his husband apart so thoroughly.
"Okay, okay. I understand. Just, think about it, alright? You never thought you'd see him again, and here he is. Come on, Dean. You've never cared about anybody the way you cared about him."
"I've done some research" Cas responded.
Sam, who was in the middle of taking his own drink, spit the liquid out all over the table. "What?!"
"So" Courtney said, and Dean almost jumped, it had been so long since anyone had spoken. "What kind of monsters do you hunt?"
Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath, steadying himself. Mentally shaking away the image of Dean lying unconcious on the floor covered in blood.
Feeling a press and a peck against the back of his leg, Cas looks down to see Heather pushing against him and he laughs. "I think she wants me to kiss you." He says, biting his lip and looking back at Dean.
-'you free tonight? He wants to meet you too.'
There's a pause for a minute, then Cas' voice again.
Dean could see a spark of anger in Cas' eyes.
Cas approached the DJ with purpose, knowing what he was about to do was a very very bad idea. He told the man his song, then took the stage.
Dead closed his eyes, resting his head back on Cas' chest. He felt Cas' hand move up into his hair again, softly running his fingers through.
Dean couldn't keep his eyes open. He didnt think he was tired, but being this comfortable made him sink into sleep.
Cas looked back to his book, unable to concentrate at all. He felt Dean's hand, putting more pressure against his hardness, rubbing up and down slowly now, at a regular pace.
"You guys are adorable" Courtney said, a big smile on her face.
"Please don't leave me" Cas says, almost too quietly, but Dean stops and turns back around, and he repeats himself a little louder.
"Okay. Then, you need to fix this." Sam said.
In an attempt to avoid more unwanted panic, Dean quickly but quietly took the clothes into Cas' room and set them on his bed, returning to his room just as quickly. He then turned the lights out and crawled into his bed under the covers. Laying there, he replayed everything that just happened in his head, until he finally drifted off into a fitful sleep.
"I didn't know how he felt," Cas whispers.
Dean glanced at Sam to see his reaction, but he didnt seem to care. What the hell. Whenever he ate grease, Sam was always on his ass about it. Of course, he did get something from her last night.
It swirled, inching closer to them. "You cannot stop me." The words rang in Dean's ears.
"It was, but not everybody does the right thing." Cas is studying him again, his stare almost piercing through to Dean's soul, and Dean thinks again how gorgeous this man is, his eyes intense in their scrutiny. "Dean?"
"Yeah, I got that much. But how? And how bad?"
Cas invaded Dean's mouth, tongue plunging in and twirling around Dean's. Finally, fucking finally, Dean gripped his hips and pushed, indicating he was ready. Cas slid himself almost all the way out, then back in slowly. After a few gentle thrusts, he began to move harder, faster, drawing long moans of pleasure from both men, Dean pushing his hips down to meet each of his thrusts.
He dares to look at her after it's been silent a moment, and she looks so sad, he doesn't know what to make of it.
"Let me" Cas whispered, and Dean could feel Cas' hands on the button.
"Alright, I'll be ready." Claire replies through the still closed door.
Packing up his tools, he looks around. The work should only take a few more days. He can get a lot done tomorrow, but will have to wait until next weekend to finish. One more week, and he probably won't ever see Cas again, and that thought almost brings him to tears.
Dean shivers in pleasure, pushing back against Cas more until his hard cock slips between Dean's thighs. Cas begins thrusting his hips in time with his hand, precum smoothing the way, and Dean groans, hand sliding back to tangle in Cas' hair.
By the time they go to bed, Dean is feeling much better. He snuggles up into Cas, and they fall asleep together, Dean pushing his hopelessness about work down deep.
They break apart, both breathing heavily, lips still brushing against each other as they catch their breaths, sucking in the other's air.
: Anytime
With that, Dean leaned even closer. So close Cas could feel his breath on his face. "So, what do you say we continue what we were doing?"
Dean let off a nervous laugh, and shifted again. He didnt want to lie, it would be calling Cas out. But he also didnt want to tell the truth. 'Damnit Cas, why do you do this shit' he thought.
Cas feels an overwhelming amount of gratitude for Dean, and he wants to cry again at how grateful he is that Dean was there. "That's fine, sweetie." He says, because he understands, and actually wishes it were true, though he really really shouldn't.
"No." Cas responded. "You dont get paid. I told a random woman what you do for no money." Dean started laughing again. Oh god Cas was so damn adorable, and he didnt even realize it.
"We made you guys dinner." Emma says, matter of factly.
Dean tipped the glass back, downing the whole thing in one swallow "I want you, you idiot!" He all but shouted, slamming the glass onto the desk. "I want you. I have for a long time. I cant stop it and I cant suppress it anymore. I dont want to suppress it anymore!" And with that, Dean strode over to Cas and backed him into the door.
Dean hit play on the remote, and the intro music started playing. Dean cast a sideways glance at Cas, sitting straight on the couch, legs down to the floor, looking so not relaxed.
Once done, they turned to enter the main part of the building. "This way" Cas said, motioning Dean to follow him.
When the hostess greets him with a wary eye, he gives her a small smile. "I'm really sorry about all that, and I was wondering if I could talk to the waiter, Cas? Just for a minute."
Cas nodded, and Dean pressed their lips back together, sliding Cas' shirt off his shoulders.
else, but this is the worst.
Sadness and guilt war inside him. He knows he's not the most attentive... person to date? Partner? Boyfriend? Whatever the hell they are at this point. But Dean had said he'd understood, that he was okay with it and not to change. Maybe he should've tried harder.
"Mhmm, I see that." Dean replied. He couldnt stop smiling. Sam being embarrassed about a girl was one of his great joys in life.
Dean looked at Cas for another minute, before turning and heading for the stairs to the door. "I'll be back soon" he shouted over his shoulder.
It's silent for several long beats before Claire cracks. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry! I didn't think you'd let me since we're spending tomorrow together." Claire says, then shoves a bite of ice cream in her mouth. "Oh my god Em, you were right!" She says in delight, mouth still full.
They ate in relative silence, just enjoying the morning meal. Dean looked at Sam, and watched him eat a piece of bacon. An actual piece of pork bacon, not some fake turkey crap, fried in it's own fat and dripping with grease. Hmm maybe this was turning out to be a good pairing afterall, if she could get him to lay off so much healthy shit.
After another minute, Dean pulled away. "I better get this popcorn going" he said, as he turned towards the counter.
Cas moved his right arm so it was resting on Dean's shoulder.
"Okay." Dean says, then waits for her to elaborate.
As Dean stared at Cas, soaking up his smile, he felt the room start to shake, followed by an earth shattering rumble. He looked around, trying to figure out where it came from. He looked at Sam, who was already on his feet searching, gun ready.
Dean's legs came up, wrapping around Cas' waist, and Cas shifted his angle, pounding into Dean searching for his prostate. He knew he hit it when Dean threw his head back against the pillow, slamming his eyes closed as a choked groan escaped his throat. He angled himself to rub it on every pass.
"What?" He looks at her, and she's standing there by the bed looking determined.
As Cas pulled out, Courtney leaned forward, resting her chin on the seat between them. "So you guys live in a big house, or something?" She asked.
"Yeah, you too. Thanks for having me over." Claire replies.
When he was finished, he sat back, content. He felt happy. Satisfied. He stared at Cas who was playing with the mug of coffee in front of him.
"You are amazing" Dean whispered.
Several minutes and another knock later, there's been no answer and the chicken is sitting on his foot. Dean double checks the their texts, then the clock. He's now officially late, but he was there at the right time. He shoots a text to Cas, in case maybe he just didnt hear the door, but still no answer.
"What?" Cas asks, confused. A good idea? Emma was essentially telling them to move in!
"Please Cas" he panted, not knowing exactly what he wanted, just knowing he wanted to be closer.
Once they're in, and have it settled against the wall, Dean looks around. It's Cas' workshop. A large open building with tools hanging on one wall, paint and supplies against another, and what seems like random things everywhere. It smells like oil, and acetone, and
Jumping apart, Dean swore under his breath. "Shit, forgot about the damn popcorn." Dean shook his head, pulling himself out of the almost trance-like state he had been in.
Cas pulls back and looks at him. "What?"
Dean grinned. "Definitely." He said, before digging in and taking a huge bite. He let out a happy noise, which made Cas smile again.
Cas leaned his head down and kissed Dean again. This kiss wasnt a desperate attempt to feel him alive, no this kiss was tender, sweet, soft. Cas slid his hand behind Dean's head, running his fingers through the hair there softly.
Courtney sopped the remaining syrup off her plate with her last piece of pancake, and popped it into her mouth. Swallowing, she said "damn that was good. Thanks, I needed it."
'Wow he really prepared for this' Dean though to himself, watching Cas.
The smile he receives for that could outshine the sun.
Cas doesn't try to close the door again, but he doesn't step back to let Dean in either. He takes a calming breath before trying to say anything. "How did you find me?" His voice is flat, not letting his emotions into them.
Cas gestures for him to follow, and they head back toward the porch. "Uh, you know this chicken keeps following me" Dean says, glaring down at her where she walks next to him.
Cas suppresses a smile, and asks if they want to stay. Dean says they already ate and that he and Claire both need rest, but to call them if they need anything, then he's ushering Emma out the door.
"Cas, I-" Dean started, taking a step toward him.
Dean peeled himself off of Cas, backing up just a step or two, allowing Cas to move away from the door.
Sam nodded, and turned back to his pizza.
Realizing, if he didnt come out soon, that Cas would come looking for him and find him eavesdropping, Dean took one last calming breath and walked around the corner into the war room.
As Deen suckled on Cas' neck, he moved his right hand to the bottom of Cas' shirt.
Cas wants to ask why he married her if he didnt love her, but he's already crossed so many lines in this one conversation. "She's really lucky to have you."
"Yeah" Dean replied.
Dean woke up with a start, out of an awful dream. He didn't remember much, just Cas walking away and the feeling of complete dispair that came with it.
Charlie pulls back and looks up at him. "Cas, right? I've heard so much about you." He sees Dean throw her a look that he can't decipher, but she just barrels on. "I'm Charlie, and I'm so happy to meet you. Sorry if I embarrassed you, I tend to do that, but I just thought you should know you're hot."
"A deal was made" the voice said. "There is no stopping it. He is mine."
"I may have asked him for advice. I'm sorry. I didnt know what to do when you'd kissed me."
Cas stifled a noise, and gripped Dean's shoulders. "Yes, I see that. But it's a problem for your mind.
Cas moved back up Dean's body, pressing their lips back together as he unbuttoned Dean's pants. He felt Dean's hands on his own, and felt the release of pressure as his zipper slid down.
It's hard to not reach over and touch him, run a hand down his arm or lay it on his leg, especially after having him in his arms all night, but he doesn't. He's not really sure what they are, or what they're actually going to tell the girls, so he just eats his breakfast and keeps his hands to himself, figuring they'll talk about it later.
Dean's back is pressed to the door, Cas is pulling at his clothes, and Dean is totally on board. Arms full of six foot of sexy man, Dean pulls him closer, slipping his hands underneath Cas' shirt to feel his warm skin, running his fingers along the tight muscles of his stomach and sides.
The feeling of their skin together felt amazing. Cas couldn't get enough. He slid his hands up and down Dean's back, while Dean pressed their mouths back together.
It must be because Sam isnt in here anymore, he thought to himself.
"I've got it!" Emma shouts, and he hears her footsteps running down the stairs.
"I will never regret this." Dean stated, leaning in and pressing a light kiss to Cas' lips. "But we probably should slow down. I dont want to take this too fast."
"What is it?" Dean asks, Cas just gives him a look so he takes some on his spoon and pops it into his mouth, and it's... really good. Like, really really good. Once he swallows, he says "what the hell is that? And how did I not know they had that here?"
They sit down to eat, and Claire gives him a look but promptly knocks it off as soon as she shovels a bite into her mouth. The soup is smooth and rich and warm, and there's what looks like homemade bread with it, and it's all so amazing and heartwarming.
In the afternoon of the third day, Dean was once again in his bed, a mostly empty bottle of liquor next to him.
Dean moaned as he felt Cas' hard bare cock rub against his own. "Fuck, yes."
Dean is staring with his mouth open. This is ridiculous, everything has been just fine aside from Gordon's attitude. He opens his mouth to say something, finally, but Benny starts talking.
"Okay," Sam nods. "You can stay as long as you need. But maybe you should talk to-"
"Maybe I will someday" she responded, digging in. She looked over at Cas, who didnt have a plate in front of him. "You not hungry?"
"Its only just now noon Dean" he responded.
The back of Dean's legs hit the table and Cas picked him up and set him on top of it. Pulling back a little to look at Dean, Cas slid himself between his legs, until he was right up against him.
Cas panted "if you dont stop, I'm going to come in your mouth."
They entered the building and approached the ticket window. When the woman motioned for them to approach, Cas took out his phone. "I already got tickets" he told Dean, as she scanned the picture hed pulled up.
, Cas is sadly already on the way there and he needs it to stop. Now.
Dean spent yet another day cleaning the bunker, he had nothing else do to. Once the kitchen, livingroom, his room, and the bathroom were spotless, again, he grabbed a sandwich and went out to the garage, figuring he'd work on Baby for a while to pass the time.
Dean knows why, as the smell of nail polish wafts down the stairs. "School work. Huh?" He asks, smirking at her. She has the smarts to look a little guilty at least. "You'll have to ask Claire's dad, he's the one who's waiting on her."
"Eh hem" Courtney made a fake coughing noise. "As cute as you guys are, I'm being ignored over here." She said, smirking.
Dean's had a decent day at work. Not good, not bad, just normal. He's on his way to his car from the bus terminal when his phone rings.
Cas rings the doorbell, and as soon as it's opened his entire plan goes to hell. Dean is standing there, and Claire barely says hi before she's pushing past him and up the stairs.
Cas could see the honesty in Dean's face. The pure, unfiltered truth.
"Next up, we have Cas." The man said.
"We've been married five years, Dean! Together seven. How can I believe that you've been able to hide this that long and you're not just making it up as a cover for what you did?" Cas says, letting his anger take over again.
Cas rolls his hips against Dean, and he can feel how much Cas wants this too. Feels his hard length pressing against his own, and he wants to touch, to feel, to see every inch. He grips Cas sides, pushing him back a little, and Cas whimpers. Dean presses another kiss to Cas' lips, then takes him by the hand and pulls him up the stairs and into his room.
There was something about Cas wearing his clothes that stopped his breath in his throat.
Once Sam hangs the phone up, Dean knows what's coming. Sam has on his 'I'm done' face as he sits down beside Dean on the bed, and Dean knows he's gonna have to tell him.
"Alright, if you need anything call me." He says to Charlie, as he makes his way across the room. Emma's by his side, and he looks down at her. "I'm sorry, sweetie. I'll be back as soon as I can."
Cas looked down at the table. "Did he tell you this?"
"I'm sorry " Dean said.
Dean deepened the kiss, opening his mouth a little and pressing his tongue against Cas', asking for permission to enter. Cas opened his mouth and accepted Dean's tongue. After a moment, Cas let out a small moaning noise, which caused Dean to pull back, dropping his hands.
Dean sits down at the table across from him, after Cas points to the plate, silently digging into the food. Cas wants to say something so badly, but the words are stuck inside him. He doesn't know if he can fix it, but he wants to. Dean is
Dean wanted to do this, and he wanted to do it before he got scared, or lost his nerve.
He can still feel Dean's kiss on his lips, the ghost of his hands on his hips, the feeling of Dean's body under his, and it sends a jolt down his spine. He wants more. He wants to feel as wanted as he did last night.
He picked the mugs up, and brought them to the table, setting them down. He took the seat next to Cas, and sipped from his mug of black coffee.
"What happened Charlie?" Dean asks as he climbs over blankets and pillows and games and everything else imaginable. It's like a damn booby trap room. He finally makes it over, and Charlie moves for him to take her place.
Dean nods to him, just once, like he used to do back when Cas had first started bringing his found objects onto the bus, and Cas turns and pushes the clock down the aisle to the center facing seats.
Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm sorry about everything. I don't care about any of that, I can live without it. I can't live without you." Because he can't. He tried, and it was miserable and lonely and he hated every minute of it. Cas buries his face into Dean's chest, and Dean holds him close, tight against him.
Dean let's out the breath he didn't realize he was holding, and smiles. Cas is beautiful and passionate and smart and Dean can't wait to see where this goes.
Cas slid his hands up under Dean's shirt, searching for the wound that he knew was no longer there.
Everything in Cas' head was jumbled. He told himself this was part of their job, this was the risk they took every time they left the bunker, and that he couldnt freak out like this everytime Dean got hurt.
Dean took more of Cas into his mouth, until he was completely engulfed, from tip to base. Cas felt his head hit the back of Dean's throat, and forgot how to breathe.
"Hello" Jack smiled, holding his hand up in a sort of wave.
"I don't need the details, Dean. I saw it." Cas said, trying to sound unattached, but Dean could hear the hurt crack through, just a little.
"So much for one minute" he mumbles. "I'm sorry, I was just going to drop Emma off and leave, but she insisted we meet you Charlie. I didn't mean for us to intrude."
They stayed like that for a while, exploring each other's mouths, and rutting against each other.
"What about your dad?" He's hesitant to ask, with how shitty a father he had been, but he's curious.
is on, then figures it's probably late enough to shower and get ready, even though he still has an hour and a half until he needs to leave.
Dean let go, but before Cas could walk away, he grabbed ahold of both of Cas' upper arms and pulled him to himself. "I don't want you to go. I dont know what this is, or what I'm doing, or how to say the right things. But I know that I dont want you to go." Then he shoved his mouth against Cas'.
"Dean, seriously," Sam says, and Dean just can't deal with this right now.
"What're you doing to me, Cas?" He laughed, turning towards the door. "Get dressed and I'll meet you in the TV room." Then he was gone, closing the door behind him.
"Dean," Sam says, following him into the room.
"I got them from my freezer. I made them, actually. I do that, then freeze them for a quick breakfast when we're running late, which happens, you know, often, with a teenager and a business, and... yeah." Dean seems flustered.
"Cas, please. I need you." Dean breathed out.
He can feel Cas hard behind him, rutting against his ass, and he wants him so badly, wants Cas to know how much he wants him. Dean rolls over and pulls Cas on top of him, kissing him deeply, running his hands all over Cas.
Cas spends the whole drive back from the diner not, for once, thinking about Dean. His mind is on the waiter, Asa. He hasn't been that blatantly hit on in a very long time, especially with his daughter there.
"Manners, Claire. Seriously, did I teach you nothing?" Cas says. It's embarrassing, is what it is. She acts like she's never been to someone else's house before. He supposes it has been a while. For either of them.
This will be different, this
This is leading to sex. Dean wants sex, and god Cas does too, but he's never done that before. He's never even come close until now, and he doesn't know what to do, or how to do it. He's going to be terrible and Dean's going to regret all of this.
"I havent... you know... in my pants since I was a teenager... I think I need a shower" Dean said, looking at Cas' face and laughing.
"I really am sorry. If I'd have known, I would've taken my car today instead of the bus. But it was last minute, and I thought they'd be fine. I honestly don't know how the cage got open."
Css leaned his head back, resting it on Dean's shoulder.
He felt Cas move above him and Dean opened his eyes to Cas smiling down at him. "That was okay?" Cas asked.
Sighing again, Cas slowly stood up from the table. Not looking at Sam, he walked around the table towards the hall.
"Sure Dean, that sounds fine" Cas said, closing the book on the table.
: You didn't have to do that, but I really appreciate it. I will stop by there tomorrow.
Dean was pretty sure he'd never worn these clothes. In fact, he didnt remember even buying them.
"Really?" Dean was surprised.
Cas pulled into the tunnel to the garage, and once they emerged he eased Baby into her spot.
Dean nods. "I did. She started on that whole mister Winchester shi- stuff, and I hate that."
The whole time, Cas was making the most satisfying noises Dean had ever heard. They werent desperate noises, they were happy, content, beautiful.
"So, that's an angel thing?" She asked. He nodded. "Interesting" she said, turning back to her plate.
"Because I fucking love you, god damnit!" Dean yelled.
Dean watches in his mirror as the guy gets it down to one of the benches that face sideways. He sits down, pulls the plant against him, tucking it between his thighs, and then just sits there.
Warning: talk of past drug use and death
Cas shook his head slightly and sat up, looking away, anywhere but at Dean.
"Dean, are you sure?" Cas asked, staring into his eyes. Dean nodded, and Cas took the bottle from him.
"Cas, please" Dean's voice is barely a whisper.
"I can see why. Good choice." Dean replies, taking another drink. "How'd you know I'd like this."
"Why would he tell you?" Cas asks. He really does want to know. Though Gabriel has been butting into this, he's been on Cas' side, respecting his choices even while trying to discuss what's happened.
: TALK?! You? This must be serious. Not busy, want me to come over?
"Are we still going out tonight?" Cas asks, hesitancy in his voice.
With those words, Cas grabbed Dean's ass, hoisted him up, and carried him to the bed. He laid him down on the pillows, climbing between Dean's legs.
"No, Jack, it's okay. We were just... talking." Cas said walking toward him.
Dean's head whipped up. "Cas" he breathlessly whispered.
Dean didnt hesitate, attacking Cas' chest with his mouth.
"Nah, you can come back with us." Dean said. When she just looked at him, he broke out laughing. "Not like that! I wouldn't... I meant. I mean... We have extra rooms." He finished in a huff, blushing.
The radio at the front of the bus crackles to life. "413 what's your location?"
Dean is freaking out. He'd said the words "their kid" and Cas hasn't spoken a word since. He'd gone almost stiff against Dean, and is now sitting straight up staring at the waiting room wall.
"That was... Perfect." Dean responded, leaning up to kiss Cas lightly.
"Oh. Well, either way, I'm serious." Cas said.
Cas nodded. "I know you dont really care about art" Cas said, as if he was reading Dean's mind. "But I think there is something here you will enjoy."
Proof? What kind of proof could he possibly have that would make this story legitimate?
"Why?" Cas spit out.
Dean has spent his entire shift thinking about telling Cas. Halfway through the day, he decides he's going to do it tonight, before he loses his nerve. It needs to be done, because he can't just move out without saying anything and a small part of him really believes Cas feels the same.
"Sure!" She said, standing up. She made to grab her plate, but Sam stopped her. "I'll get it" he said.
Cas shook his head, and looked down at his completely forgotten book. Dean was so damn attractive, even with his mouth stuffed as full as it could get.
Dean smiled, and glanced at Cas. He could see a hint of jealousy in his face, but he was trying to contain it.
Dean caught her eyes, and leaned in. She leaned back towards him, and their lips met. Dean reached his hand up into her hair, squashing down the memories of his hand on Cas' neck.
"Its Cas. Sam ran out to get food, said he'd bring back pie. Can I come in?" Cas said through the door.
Gordon looks up from his menu and smiles at Dean. "It's a very good wine, I think you'll like it." Dean just nods, and looks back at his menu, noting the exorbitant amount that each glass costs. He's not usually one to keep his mouth shut when he doesn't like something, but this is a first date so he figures he can suffer through one glass of wine.
He opens the door, and Cas is standing there in a disheveled tshirt and jeans, and he looks sad and upset and like he hasn't slept in days, which makes no sense because Dean just saw him that afternoon and he did not look like that.
Cas grinned then. "It looks really good on you."
What just happened? Everything was great, so why am I freaking out? Dean asked himself.
Dean let out an involuntary moan, before he gripped Cas' hips again, holding him in place.
"Cas" Dean said.
He knows he should feel uncomfortable, sitting here with someone he doesn't really know and had never met before five minutes ago, but Charlie has the kind of personality that just puts people at ease, and Cas relishes in it.
"Aww, don't be like that Cassie." Gabriel says, at the same time Dean says "Gabe's pretty harmless, once you get to know him."
"Alright, that's settled. Let's go." Dean said, standing up, grabbing his jacket off the back of the chair, and struggling to put it on.
It's a long time before Dean grasps ahold of himself and pulls back, wiping his face with his hands, pushing his palms into his eyes. He mutters out one last I'm sorry, and turns away, embarrassed and ashamed.
--'oooh washing sheets, that good huh? Tell me what happened as soon as you can. He must be a great guy. Maybe I can meet him sometime.'
"Well, she somehow keeps getting into my workshop, and managed to get red paint on her head, so I thought the name was fitting."
"Yeah, that definitely won't fit in Baby. Bus it is." Dean says as Cas stops next to him. Dean runs his hand over the top of the tv. It really is pretty, old and large, and though he hasn't actually seen Cas' work, it seems like just the kid of thing he'd want to work on based on the things he brought onto the bus.
"Hah, yeah no. It was the worst date I've ever been on. The guy was an asshole, and I ended up yelling at him and storming out." Dean replies, dropping his head back to the pillow and laying back into Cas' heat.
Dean knew, though. Sam didnt sleep with someone for a one night stand. He wouldnt take that step unless he actually had some sort of feelings.
Sam nodded this time. "Okay. So, what, did you push him off and hurt his feelings?"
"I do. Just figured it would give you something to do, other than watch me sleep." Dean chuckled a little, the thought of Cas just sitting there watching him sleep was making him both nervous and a little excited down below.
"They were harassing her!" Dean says. This is just unbelievable.
And that's another whole topic right there. What happened to Emma's mother? Dean said they'd been alone since she was a baby. The man is single, as far as Cas can tell. He sighs to himself. Don't even go there. Not now, not ever again.
The Demon flashed and hit the floor, and Dean looked down. Sticking out of his abdomen was the hilt of a knife.
Cas' eyes started to glow with a bright white-blue light.
"Hmm?" He responded sleepily.
"Yeah, okay." Dean says, because what else is he supposed to say. Unsure of how he'd read the situation so wrong, he starts to ask. "Can I-" he closes his eyes and sighs, then opens them again and looks away shaking his head.
He wants Dean. He wants him now and he doesn't want to wait anymore.
"I dont know what's gotten into you tonight, Dean." Cas said, watching him.
"So, you made an egg white and turkey bacon breakfast sandwich?" Cas asks, because that doesn't seem like Dean either.
"She probably didn't recognize the sound of the truck. It's not like the Impala's." Cas replies, watching Dean watch the chicken check out her new home.
"Hey what's going on? You guys gossiping?" Dean said, with a halfhearted laugh, his eyes landing on Cas' face.
"No, Dean. Look at me!" Cas all but shouted. Dean stopped and looked at him. "I need to tell you something now... I'm sorry."
Once Cas is gone, Dean looks around again. The house is cozy, soft lighting, the sun flowing in through the floor to ceiling windows all along the back of the house. There's a fireplace set into the wall in the livingroom, bookshelves surrounding it.
Cas pulled his head back, and looked at him. "Dean... I love you." He said.
"You're a sick fuck" Dean says, slamming the doors shut and dropping down into his seat. He's shaking he's so mad, adrenaline coursing through him. Dean apologizes to the other passengers, slips his seatbelt on, and pulls the bus back out into traffic. Nobody says anything, but he can see the disgust on some of their faces in the mirror, confusion on others, and grateful glances to Dean in the rest.
"Dean" Cas said. Dean jumped up, scanning the room for the threat.
As Cas continued to rub Dean's shaft through his pants, he moved his mouth down, finding there wasnt nearly enough skin for his mouth to explore. He then grabbed Dean's tshirt with his teeth, and pulled until it ripped all the way down, exposing every inch of Dean's torso.
Dean moved his hands down to Cas' waist, pressing him harder into the door, as he moved his mouth down Cas' jawline to his neck. Cas' hands went up, running through Dean's hair. As Dean sucked on Cas' neck, Cas let off a moan he couldn't hold in anymore. He could feel Dean growing hard against him, his own need pulsing downwards.
As his hand inched up to Cas' chest, he felt Cas move beneath him, trying to gain some sort of friction. Dean adjusted himself so his right thigh was pressed directly between Cas' legs.
Dean nodded, and Sam looked up. "What are you doing?" He asked.
"I fucked up," Cas gets out.
Cas takes a moment, then nods. "I suppose so. I don't want any complaints when we get home though."
"Shit" Dean mumbles to himself, thinking quickly. He could pull over and call an ambulance, but they sometimes take forever, and he can get there much faster.
Cas looked down at himself, covered in Dean's blood. Dean could've died. He could be gone, if Cas had been a moment too late. He held his hands out in front of him, looking at the blood all over them, and he started to shake.
Dean gets a heartfelt thank you from the woman, more thank yous from the other passengers as they load up onto the new bus that's arrived to take them, and a thank you from the police for not just sitting idly by while someone was harassed. Dean knows he just did the right thing, but he appreciates that they appreciate him.
"Fine, then neither am I" she says, with all the stubbornness she can muster.
He watches for a minute, but when Dean doesn't offer any other explanation, Cas turns and goes back inside, straight to the coffee pot.
Dean sat up. "Nah, if hes going out there to kill, I'm going with."
"Dean" Cas begs, pressing his face to Dean's shoulder. "Please. Please. Yes. Yes.
can make it better. But I'd rather embarrass myself in front of the best date I've had in years, hell maybe ever, than have you walk away thinking I didn't like you." He says it all very quickly, and it takes Dean a moment to process everything.
Cas shakes his head but smiles. "I'm not. I told you, they weren't planned." He sighs. "I went there to buy something else from the guy that he'd posted on Craigslist, and he had the chickens. Said he couldn't take care of them, something about them being his wife's and she left, I don't really know. Anyway, he said he was just going to dump them off somewhere, or turn them into dinner, and I couldn't just leave them."
Dean stood up. "Well, grab a seat man" Dean motioned to the empty chair next to him. "I'll grab you a drink. What do you want?"
Cas' head whips up and looks at them. His eyes are red, his cheeks flushed, and it looks like he's been running his hands through his hair nonstop since he came up here.
Dean closes his eyes and nods, soaking up the love from Cas' touch.
Dean cast his eyes down then back up, giving a slight head nod.
Unable to hold back anymore, Cas let go. He felt his sweet release travel through his entire body, as his cum shot down Dean's throat.
Smiling at Cas' name, he answers. "Hey sweetheart, I'm just about to head home and shower before I come over."
"Who's Emma again?" He asks, sitting on the edge of the bed next to her.
By the time Dean pulls up outside Cas' house, he mostly has himself calmed down. Mostly. There's still a nervous buzz thrumming beneath his skin, but he pushes it down and gets himself out of the car and up the steps to the door before he can lose the nerve and just drive away.
Cas' hands cover them protectively. He looks away and nods. When he looks back, Dean's face is heartbroken, tears welling in his eyes.
When Sam answers, Dean gets right to the point. "Did you know that Gabriel at The Bean is Cas' brother?"
"What's wrong?" Charlie's normally perky voice is laced with concern now.
Cas comes down slowly, collapsing onto Dean then rolling to the side next to him, pulling him against his chest. He presses kisses into Dean's sweaty hair, and can feel himself shaking with aftershocks, Dean clinging to him.
"You need to lay down" Cas said. "After everything you've been through, you're exhausted."
"You said you needed to rest" Cas replied.
"Sam we need to go. Now. Dean's in trouble." He said.
Cas was just staring at Dean, his heart hammering away in his chest. What the hell was happening. It must be the liquor. He probably passed out and in a minute he'll wake up embarrassed. But Dean's voice continued.
"You don't have to if you don't want to" Cas says, stepping closer to Dean. "But you love it, and you are so good at it, and I know it would make you happy."
"Oh sweetheart" Dean says, and there's such kindness in his voice that Cas almost looks up. Dean's hand slides down his cheek until his knuckle is under Cas' chin, and lifts his head until Cas is looking at him. The softness in Dean's eyes makes him melt, makes the fear, the tension in him ebb a little. "It's okay. There's nothing to be ashamed of."
The drive was nice. Dean's head was fuzzy, but pleasantly so. He had Cas with him, and it was taking everything he had not to reach over and grab at him.
Dean looked back at Sam, who seemed to have calmed down a bit.
"We can start slow, work our way up to it if you want." Dean says.
"Fuck me," Dean gasps, head dropping back against the wall. "Please."
Sam pulled the truck into the mini mart's parking lot, and Cas was out of the cab before Sam even stopped. He ran inside, desperately looking around.
Dean shook his head and laughed a little. "Nah, this one was for you. You're exhausted. We can continue this another time."
Fern Guy has the sheet off what Dean can now see is a cage, he's standing up trying to keep his balance while attempting to collect things that are scurrying around the bus, things that are making a shit ton of noise.
With those words, Cas let it all go. Every inhibition he had. Everything hed been holding back. He felt a pull low in his stomach, and then the most amazing thing hed ever felt was coursing through his entire body. Waves of pleasure washed over him. He let off the most intense moan Dean had ever heard, into Dean mouth, as Dean continued to kiss him and stroke him until Cas' entire body was spent.
The afternoon and evening go well. They order chinese food for dinner because Claire says that's all she's been dreaming about since her surgery, and Emma agrees that it sounds good. Afterward, the three of them hang out in the livingroom watching movies together until the girls are yawning and barely hanging on, so Dean sends them upstairs to bed.
"Come home with me" Dean says, before he can even think about it. Cas pulls his head back a little and stares at him wide eyed. "Or not, that's okay too. I just- You're gorgeous and sweet and perfect and I just... I really want you. But we can take it slow." Dean runs his thumb along Cas' jaw, and Cas leans into the touch. "We can go out tomorrow, and next week, whenever you want. See where this goes, and I'll be here whenever you're ready."
Cas' heart is pounding so hard he's shaking. "Dean?"
That's all it takes, Cas thrusts up two more times and feels his orgasm curl in his stomach, then explode through his entire body as he comes into his husbands tight channel.
"I'm very sorry sir. I'll discount your meals, and I'll speak to Cas about his attitude. Your wine is on me tonight as well. Would that be satisfactory?"
want him, I was just upset and that's no excuse but it's what happened and I'm sorry. But we didn't have sex, I swear. I mean, I was going to, but then you came home and I couldn't and I'm so sorry." Cas is rambling and Dean's trying to process everything he's saying, but he just continues.
"I did. I can't wait to get started on it." Cas says, pulling his bus card out and flashing it to Dean. Obviously Dean knows he has one, but every time he does it Dean gets a fond smile on his face, and that smile always brightens his day, so he always does it.
Dean smiles and says "definitely" before closing the doors.
Emma bites her lip nervously, and shifts in her seat. "Some jerk kids were talking about her dad, some crap about him being gay, and she tore into them. It was awesome, dad. They had it coming."
Dean looked over at him and, realizing he was eating a vegetarian pie, said "ugh Sam really? Rabbit food on a pizza? Ridiculous."
Cas looked at him. "Yes Dean, I'm fine. Really."
Summer break is upon them, and Dean wants to have a barbecue with just the four of them to celebrate, so Cas and Claire head over to their house in the late afternoon.
"Come on, Cas. Come out with us."
Courtney smiled "no, not like family. You actually care about him. And you're scared of it."
Relief washes over him, followed closely by the longing for Dean that is always present these days. "Okay. Thank you."
"Go ahead and ask." Dean says. When Cas looks up at him, he chuckles. "I can tell when you want to ask me something, so go ahead and ask."
Cas poured Sam a cup of coffee and handed it to him.
"I'm so sorry, I just need to check this message." He says. Asa replies that it's no problem, and Cas clicks the message and puts the phone to his ear.
Later in the evening, after purposely and blatantly ignoring the laptop bag he'd set by the front door on their way in earlier, Cas grabs it.
"Mister Novak?" When Cas nods she continues. "Im Doctor Mills. Lunch is doing okay. We've cleaned her up and given her antibiotics. She was in shock, so we also gave her pain medicine to help with that. She's resting now, but I'd like to keep her overnight just to make sure she doesn't have a reaction to anything."
Cas feels hurt, and a little bit angry at Dean, but mostly angry at himself. He swipes away unwanted tears and goes to the fridge, pulling things out. Eggs from the chickens, bacon that he's pretty sure Dean bought a while ago but hasn't gone bad yet, and bread which has a few days left until it spoils.
"They did an ultrasound and confirmed its appendicitis. They've given her antibiotics along with the pain meds, and they want to do surgery as soon as they can. I guess it's pretty bad, and they wanna get it out before it ruptures."
Once they're on the porch, Dean turns to Cas. "Uh, thanks. For doing this." He says, gesturing to the bag slung over Cas' shoulder.
"I'd say trust me, but I know I fucked that up." Dean says with a self deprecating laugh. He shakes his head and huffs, pulling his bag onto the table. "I can prove it."
"No-" Cas says, but a voice coming from behind him says "yes" and suddenly the smirk is gone from Dean's face and he feels like there's ice in his veins as he watches a shirtless man come up to Cas and wrap his arms around him.
Cas reached down and pulled Dean's boxers back over his softened length, rolling off him. Cas reached over, and pulled Dean against him. "Time for you to sleep" he said.
He slowly walked into the bunker, making his way into the war room. No Cas. He walked up the steps to the library and saw Sam sitting at a table with his face in a book.
"Ugh fine. Here! But I swear, if you hurt her-" Dean handed over the keys.
"I need you. Please, Cas.
Dean moved his hand slowly, caressing Cas' chest. Cas closes his eyes, his breath quickening with every second. With his eyes still closed, he could feel Dean inching closer, until he felt his breath tickling his face. When he opened his eyes, his entire vision was filled with Dean's face. A face full of complete admiration and desire.
Dean laughed. "Yeah, can't argue with that." He waved to the bartender to bring him another beer.
"Hmm?" Dean asked.
Dean all but growled in response, jumping out of his chair. He bent over Cas, grabbed the back of his neck, and smashed his lips onto on his. Forcing his tongue into Cas' mouth, he moaned as Cas wrapped his arms around him.
The slow, sensual kiss didnt last long, but it was one if the most intense things Dean had ever felt. He felt, deep in his gut, the words Cas had said. It was him telling Dean he loved him, without actually saying the words. This caused Dean's heartrate to increase, and a slight panic began to creep into his chest.
That's how Cas finds himself back at Dean's house in the early afternoon on Saturday.
Dean pulled back, putting on a smile for Cas. "I should try to get a little more sleep."
"Okay. Well I'm busy right now." Cas says, reaching for the door again. He's curious, but the pain is still too real. It hurts, the hole in his chest still aches, and seeing Dean is making it so much worse. He just wants to curl up in a ball and cry again.
Sam shrugged "sure, what the hell. My heads starting to hurt from all this research anyway."
Dean's appetite is gone, he's getting a headache, and he just wants to go home. This is one of the worst dates he's ever been on, and he had such high hopes for it going in that he's extremely disappointed.
After taking a bite of the food, Dean swallows and shrugs. "I've gotta get the rest of my stuff. I forgot my laptop, so I'll have to grab that so I can apply at some of the places I've been looking at. Cas-" he has to swallow hard around that word. "He should be at work, so I'll just swing by, get my shit, and leave his key. Hopefully I'll only be here another week or two, if I can get one of those apartments."
Dean shook his head. "No. I mean, it was. I thought it was at least. I dont know Cas. Clearly, it's not a problem for my body." Dean thust his hips up slightly, pushing his hardness against Cas.
He finally drags himself back out of bed and grudgingly pulls on a pair of jeans and a tshirt. No reason to dress nice, he's not even going to see the man. Even if he was, he'd still have no reason to dress nice, at least that's what he tells himself.
She nodded. "Okay. I'm down."
He's shaking, his heart is pounding, and he's never been so relieved and crushed and furious all at the same time.
"Son of a bitch" Dean said, walking over to the liquor cart and pouring himself a large glass of whiskey.
Cas closed his eyes, letting his mind wander over the events of the last 24 hours.
Dean reached behind him, grabbing a washcloth and his shower gel, and squeezed a good bit onto the washcloth. Setting the bottle down, he stepped closer to Cas and ran the washcloth down one of his arms, then the other. Taking each of Cas' hands, in turn, and washing the blood off of them.
"You know? You know. Okay so that makes it all better." Cas said, voice still filled with anger, though Dean could hear it faltering just a bit.
Dean leaned over and lightly pressed his lips to Cas', for just a moment, before pulling back and smiling at him.
"Cas, man, whatever it is can just be between us if you want. I wont say a word to him. Just tell me, because I'm starting to get worried." Sam folded his hands on the table, showing Cas he wasnt going to drop this.
"He said I needed to come right away." Cas finished. "I came to make sure you were okay."
"Too many clothes" Dean gasped out, gripping Cas' head, that was still attacking his chest, with one hand.
-----
He tells her. He tells her that Cas has a date and he'd really thought they'd be able to just start over but that was never even a thought in Cas' head. He let's only two tears slip out, and then he pulls his shit together and heads to the kitchen, because this is Emma's day and he's gonna make it as damn near perfect as he can no matter how he's feeling.
Once they're on the road, Dean digs out his phone and tells Emma to try calling Cas again. They don't live far from the hospital, so she's tried him twice more by the time they get there and park, to no avail. Dean climbs out and gets Claire out of the car gently, then carries her into the emergency room.
It's too late to fix it. He knows it's too late, and he feels empty, like there's been a hole punched through him. Why couldn't he have just handled it that first day? Why did he wait, and keep waiting? He loves Dean so damn much, and he fucked everything up.
Once inside his house, Dean takes a quick shower, because gross bus floor, and changes into sweats then collapses onto the couch. He turns the TV on, and a minute later his phone beeps with a message from an unknown number.
"Its okay Dean, we can stay a while longer" Cas said, taking a small drink from his own glass.
With a sigh, Sam gets up from the bed and leaves without another word, and Dean's left again with his own painful thoughts.
"It's definitely not." Dean says, smiling.
"Oh its something" Dean said, laughing.
"Oooh me!" Courtney said, finally peeling her eyes away from Sam.
"Dean" Cas gasps out, rolling his hips in time with their hands. "Yes."
Or, he could use them to his advantage. If Dean wanted to tease, maybe Cas could do something back to him.
This went on for several minutes, Dean's hand adding more pressure as time went on, until Cas was sure he couldnt get any more turned on. Above the table, Dean continued to flip through the book as if nothing was happening, while Cas was pretty sure he was going to come undone any second.
Dean pulled his head back an inch. "If you keep doing that, I'm not sure I can stop where this is going. And this is a public place."
"Because I didn't think it mattered. How did you even find out?" Sam asks, and he can hear the kids in the background and Sam moving into another room for quiet.
Cas nods, bites his lips, feeling how stupid it is after what they just shared, but Dean is so sweet, so understanding, and Cas kisses him once more, just a gentle press of their lips. He forces himself up, out of Dean's lap, and can feel the sticky cooling mess in his underwear. He must pull a face, because Dean laughs, beautiful and lighthearted as he stands too.
"I promise, I dont want him in that way. I'd had a rough day, and just needed a distraction. I would never come between two people that clearly love each other. That's why I wanted to meet you, to explain. I hope you understand." Courtney stopped talking, and just watched Cas.
Dean pushes all his insecurities aside and presses his mouth against Cas', savoring the feel of his soft lips, the taste of his tongue as Cas swipes into his mouth.
Dean sighed, taking a drink of his beer. He shook his head "its complicated."
Cas continued his slow pace, it taking everything he had not to just thrust into Dean. The feeling of Dean surrounding him, buried deep within him, was almost too much. If he didnt take it slow, it might be over far before he was ready.
Cas can feel some sort of lie in there, but he doesn't push it. He just doesn't have the energy right now.
: I hate doing the books, and if Claire was serious when she said you were looking to go into independent consulting, then I'd like to hire you to do them from now on.
"Cas please.
Dean pulled back the blanket on the bed and climbed in, motioning for Cas to follow. His heart pounded as he watched Cas slide in next to him. 'Cas is in my bed' just kept repeating in his head.
His pleasure is building, and he can't hold back. He's never been a sexual person, rarely even masturbating, as it never really brings him the kind of satisfaction it seems to bring other people. This is nothing like that. This feeling, overwhelming all consuming lust coursing through him, he wants it. He wants to feel what it would be like to orgasm with someone else, with Dean. All his trepidation pushed aside, he wants this.
It's a good thing he does, because he has no idea what to wear. It's been so long since he's been on a date, he almost doesn't remember what it's like. After his shower, he has basically his entire wardrobe dumped onto his bed and is sorting through it trying to figure out what the fuck one wears on a first date with the hot blue eyed chicken savior.
As these thoughts all swirled through his head, Sam came into the war room.
"Uh" Dean looks to Cas, who's staring at him with a furrowed brow. "Actually, I'll have your kobe beef burger with gouda please." He says.
Dean hopped down off the table, and brushed past Cas as he headed toward the hall. Dean stopped, and turned around looking at Cas. "You coming?" He asked.
Cas flicked his eyes toward the hallway, watching Dean as he emerged wearing a pair of blue and white plaid pajama pants, a tight grey t-shirt, and a pair of socks. He felt his cheeks get warm, and a small smile creep onto his face.
"Not exactly. Its not important." Dean said turning towards her. "What is important, is that someone's actually playing good music in here." He broke out into a grin, attempting to push the thoughts back down again.
Once the coffee is finished, Cas fills 2 mugs, fixing one with cream and sugar, and heads back to the deck. He sets the plain one on the railing near where Dean is working and stares at him.
Dean looked at Cas, pressing a soft kiss to his lips, before Cas climbed off of Dean, sitting back on the couch.
"Of course."
Dean's hand were clutching his back as he bottomed out, blunt nails digging into his skin, and Cas fucking liked it. The sting, mixed with the pleasure of finally feeling Dean surrounding him. He had to stop, giving Dean time to adjust, afraid that if he moved too soon he'd finish right then.
There are exclamations from Emma and Claire, but Cas is looking at Dean like he knows something, and he probably does because, hello, Cas has always been fucking smart.
"It's no problem. I'm Dean, by the way. Winchester." He says, holding out his hand.
"I didn't mean to," Cas tries, but Charlie holds up her hand.
Dean looked him up and down again, appreciating the effort Cas had put into this. "Yeah Cas. Thats... More than okay." Dean stepped toward him, placing his hand on Cas' waist, and leaned his head down slightly. He could feel himself growing a little hard. He wanted to say fuck their plans and throw Cas down on his bed.
What the actual fuck? This cannot seriously be happening. When he doesn't move to take the paper, Naomi sighs. "Mister Winchester, you are wasting my time. Sign the slip and be on your way." The irritation in her voice is grating.
Dean noticed it had gotten very quiet in the room. He turned his head toward Sam and Courtney. They were both staring at him.
"It's more than alright. It's the best thing I've put in my mouth in a long time." Cas says, taking another bite.
Dean pulled his mouth off, and grabbed the base of Cas' cock with his hand, pumping softly up and down a couple of times, while he kissed his thighs and his hips again.
"You made coffee." He stated.
"You wanna come in your panties?" Cas rumbles into Dean's ear. Dean whimpers in response, and Cas slides his hand around until his fingers skim along Dean's cock through the fabric.
"Uh, so, you've heard things." Cas says. He wonders what she knows. If she just knows about what's happened the last couple days, or if she knows all of it, from so long ago. So, he asks, because she seems like the kind of person to just be straightforward with. "What do you know about me?"
"Hello, my name is Cas and I'll be your waiter this evening. Can I start you gentlemen off with something to drink?" He asks. Dean looks up into bright blue eyes and a gorgeous face, and is struck silent for a moment. Cas is smiling down at him expectantly, and Dean is tongue tied.
"Whatever Dean. The point is, something happened between the two of you. Now tell me. I'm not leaving here until you do." Sam said, crossing his arms and sitting back further on the bed.
After dinner, Dean follows Cas out to his workshop, and it looks different. The entire back area has been mostly cleared, and now houses huge slabs of wood and related tools.
Cas stood up "Okay, but I'll get it."
Cas writes the order down, and turns to Dean. "And for-" but Gordon cuts him off
Assaulting Dean's prostate over and over again, Cas pulled his hand out of Dean's, and slipped it between them, fisting it around Dean's throbbing cock, rubbing it up and down.
"Her dad's gonna drop her off around nine, if that's okay. I guess he has some errands to run in the morning."
Dean laughed. "Yeah, it is. Alright, should we get this over with?"
Cas shifts uncomfortably where he stands. "I do. Have a date, that is."
Instead, hes on a trip to the store, that they really didnt even need. Dean just wanted them to have some alone time, away from Sam's interruptions.
Dean sighs, reaches up and pulls the tarp off. "I made you this I hope you like it." He says quickly, almost too fast for Cas to catch what he'd said.
He's back up on the deck, looking out at his yard when Dean comes out, wrapping his arms around Cas' middle. Cas leans back against him and closes his eyes, enjoying the solid warmth against his back.
"Its really fine Cas. Here" Dean said, as he handed him one of his tshirts. "Put this on and let's grab something to eat. Dont worry about Sammy."
That is why, after Claire's off to school and he's sufficiently caffeinated, he grabs the number that's been sitting on his dresser for five days now and texts Asa from the diner.
Claire unbuckles her seatbelt, then turns to look at him when he doesn't turn the truck off. "What're you doing?"
"Seriously? What the hell?" Dean says, because he knew they had that flavor and always scoffed at it because tea and ice cream? Gross.
"I'm really good" he says, taking the glass from Dean's hand and setting it on the counter behind him. He pulls Dean to him, feeling more confident. "I feel really good."
Dean smiled. "Thanks Cas. Okay, let's get this show on the road I guess. Unless you changed your mind?"
Life isn't perfect. Cas still has setbacks, days where it's a struggle to use a healthier coping mechanism, days where he needs extra encouragement and reminders of how far he's come, and how much better his life is.
She takes the couple of steps toward him, and pulls him into a hug that feels like she's trying to squeeze his breakfast out of him. It's awkward and he's uncomfortable, but he put his arms loosely around her anyway and pats her back. "Hello." He says, and it even sounds awkward. How can one word sound awkward? Cas sure as hell knows how to do that without even trying.
"Uh, I was thinking, maybe you might want to sleep in my bed tonight? I mean, just to sleep." Dean says, holding tighter. "I just really like being close to you."
Cas nodded "yes."
"Is it because my vessel is male?" Cas asked, finally getting to the root of his worry.
He pulled Cas' head back to his, pouring all the words he couldnt say into that kiss.
This is everything Cas has always wanted, and never knew he could have. He will do everything he can to never fuck this up again, because now that he's had it, he doesn't think he can live without it.
Emma hurries to Claire's side and hugs her gently, and they talk for a few minutes before Claire is calling Dean over to her. She reaches up and pulls him into a hug, telling him thank you for taking care of her, and when Dean hugs her back and tells her of course, any time she needs him he'll be there, Cas feels his chest fill and ache and he can't push it down this time, there's too much.
Cas rolls his eyes right back and huffs out a sigh. "One of your boxes was in my room." He says, hefting the box in front of him.
"Sure, sounds like fun." Cas replies. As he walks to the stairs, he says "goodbye Dean" and is already halfway to the truck when Dean responds with his own goodbye, and he hears Charlie says "and there's the Chris Evan's reference."
"Oh, you got a hot date?" Dean teases with a grin. He wishes he hadn't.
Dean pulls up outside the restaurant and parks, taking a deep breath. It's been too long since he's been on a date, and when Charlie suggested he try the online thing he was really dubious.
"That's the idea" Cas said, chuckling.
Dean can't get any words out, so he makes an agreeable noise, urging their hands to move faster. "So close, don't stop." He finally gets out, the flutter of his orgasm already so close he can taste it.
"Ma'am, you okay?" He asks, eyes flicking between the road and the mirror.
After devouring all of the burger, and half the fries, Dean set the box down next to him. "Howd you do all this?" He asked, looking at Cas.
This goes on for months.
Alright, well that was the most drawn out rejection he's ever had, Dean thinks as he backs away from the door, the chicken easily sliding off his foot as he goes.
He and Cas made their way down the hall silently. Once in the war room, Dean grabbed his keys off the table.
"Whatever you're having is fine." Cas replied.
A bang comes from down the hall, some rustling, then a minute later Cas appears, hair a mess, shirt on backwards and inside out, and face flushed.
Cas backs him up until he's pressed against the fridge, and Cas is pushed up against his front and Dean can feel every goddamn inch of him and he wants him so fucking bad. Cas wedges his leg between Dean's thighs and rolls his hips and Dean drops his head back on a moan, while Cas kisses down his neck.
Sam turned around in his chair and looked at his brother "oh yeah, you know us, a couple of chicks" he said.
They sat in silence for a while, eating their food. Dean didnt know what to say. She probably thought they were crazy, but apparently it was a loveable crazy. Dean had no idea how he was gonna get them out of this, but part of him didnt want to. It would be almost nice to have someone who knew.
"Understand what? You've gotta help me out here, cuz I have no idea what you're saying." Dean says.
"Goodnight sweetheart" Dean says, kissing the top of his head.
Might as well watch something, he thought to himself. He sat down on the couch. Flipping through movies until he saw one one that looked mildly interesting, he adjusted himself into a more comfortable position, settling in for a long night of worry.
"I'm not sure Dean would want me talking about this" Cas said.
And then they're really kissing, and it's wonderful and beautiful and so perfect. Dean's lips are soft and warm against his, and when Dean dips is tongue into Cas' mouth and grips his hips to pull them tighter together, Cas moans his assent.
It's a while later that Cas' tears finally dry up, and he sits there slumped against Dean, worn out, exhausted. He notices Dean filling out some forms on a clipboard, and vaguely wonders when he'd gotten them, but feels very grateful that Dean is taking care of it.
"You're perfect" Cas whispered, taking one more long look at Dean's nakedness beneath him.
Claire is in a private room, and Cas waits until the doctor leaves before he lets his tears fall again. Seeing her in the hospital bed, so small and frail looking with wires and an IV attached, it breaks something in him, and before long he's collapsed in the chair by her side and sobbing.
"Shut up, Cas." With that, Dean took the base of Cas' member into his hand. He slowly stroked, from base to tip once. He looked up at Cas, and, staring into his eyes, he stuck his tongue out and licked the precum from his head. Then he opened his mouth, and slowly slid it over the end of Cas' cock.
"Its okay. Look, I'm fine. You made it in time, and that's what matters" Dean said.
Dean pulled back a little and looked into Cas' eyes. "I, uh... I'm clean. I haven't been with anybody since I got tested last." Dean said quietly, blushing again. "If you, you know, didn't want to use this." He held up the condom.
"I swear, I taught her manners. I don't know what happened." Cas says, looking at Dean. That's his next mistake. In jeans, a tshirt and a flannel, he has no right to look as good as he does right now, and he can't help but stare. God, Cas has missed him.
Courtney seemed pretty sloshed too, and she couldn't stop laughing at anything Cas said.
Cas took a second, then slowly turned around, taking his foot off the stairs. He looked into Dean's face. "Why? What else is there to say?" Cas was both angry and hurt. He couldn't take anymore verbal assaults, especially from Dean.
He sees Claire perk up, but Cas cuts her off before any words even leave her mouth. "Thank you for the offer, Dean, but I believe Claire has some boxes to unpack." When he gives her a look, she deflates but nods. "Thank you for lunch, but we should get going now."
"Thank you." Dean says quietly.
Once Dean inhaled all of his food, he stood up. Cas looked up at him. "I need to stretch my legs. I think I'm gonna make a store run, get something to make for dinner." Dean said.
"Yes, probably. Shes been texting me all night." Cas replied.
"Because" he starts, as he gathers his thoughts. "Because, sometimes things happen that are really hard to move on from."
"What?" Dean asks, bewildered. "I texted you back, I was just busy and didn't get your message right away. And I'm not seeing anybody else Cas, what the hell?"
"Can't you just call it what it is?" Claire says, with an eye roll.
"Take your time." Dean says, because now that he knows he wasn't being blown off, he feels way better and is in no hurry.
Not long later, Cas comes back, joining him on the deck. Dean turns to him and, wow he looks good. Nice tight jeans and light blue button up that fits him just right, hair still damp from his shower.
"Help me, please," Cas finishes, slumping back into the couch, exhausted from the tears and emotions and not sleeping for days.
"Oh yeah, it's the best kind." Dean replies, licking his spoon. "Bourban chocolate praline."
"Hah, yeah, right. You should see the way he looks at me. It's a mix of hurt and anger and something else, like panic, like he wants to be as far away from me as possible."
"Shh" was Dean's response. He then leaned his head down until his lips were against Cas' neck. He felt him shiver again as he pressed a light kiss there.
Cas smirked, angled himself, and shoved in harder. Another shock coursed through Dean, who threw his head back moaning. Over and over again Cas hit that spot, causing Dean to writhe below him on the bed, as he let out moan after moan of pure ecstasy.
Dean's working him open slowly and gently, running his lips all along Cas' skin, tracing the line of his groin with his tongue, nosing at his hard cock. Cas wants more, needs more. He makes a whining noise and pushes down against Dean's fingers. "Please." He begs.
"What?" Cas asks, and Dean can hear him coming up closer behind him.
"I'm making burgers, if you guys want to stay for lunch." He can't take the quiet anymore, and it would be weird to not invite them to stay since he was planning on making enough for Claire anyway. Who's he kidding, he always makes enough to feed at least six people. It has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that he doesn't want Cas to go yet. The fact that he hasn't been in his presence in so damn long and he missed him, even though this is awkward and uncomfortable and about a thousand other things he can't name right now.
"After that, I knew there was no changing anything. I'm gay, and that's just how it is." Cas shakes his head, and looks down again. "The next time I really saw her, she was pounding my door down and telling me she's pregnant. I had been so high that night, I didn't even think about protection. The only person I'd ever been with was you, and so it didn't even cross my mind."
He can see a smirk forming on Dean's face, a twinkle in his eye. Dean leans forward until his lips are at Cas' ear, then whispers. "I have a pair on, in case you wanted to confirm that I do, in fact, wear them."
"But you didnt. You were there for me, like you've always been" Dean said, moving his hands up and down Cas' arms.
Noticing Dean watching Cas, Courtney said "Man, you've got it bad."
-'Mhmm'
Flopping back in his chair in front of the laptop, Dean pulls up the program he uses and the current reports. Cas is standing behind him and to the side a bit, watching over his shoulder. He's actually really fucking close, so close Dean can feel the heat coming off of him along his back, and it's making him twitchy.
The offices are in a building behind the bus terminal, so Dean walks outside and heads to it, wondering what his boss could want him for. Sure, he'd gotten off schedule a little, but it was an emergency and he caught up quickly.
"That's better, isnt it?" Dean asked.
They head out to a little Italian place downtown that Cas knows, taking Baby. Cas makes appreciative noises as he slides into her leather interior, and it makes Dean feel pleased that Cas likes his car.
"Seriously, Dean. It was a long time ago." Cas is emotionally drained, and doesn't think he can take any more of this today. "It's over and done."
"Okay. Bye then." Dean says quickly, and turns away before he starts tearing up, which is absolutely ridiculous because this was a first date, nothing more. He just read it all so wrong, and it's embarrassing and disheartening and it really kind of hurts.
"Mhmm, so we kiss, and go from there. If you don't like something or it's moving too fast for you, you tell me and we stop. Okay?"
Cas just shook his head.
He continued his path downwards, until he hit the top of Dean's pants. He looked up at Dean, who was looking back at him with such desire in his eyes.
Not even caring that yet another shirt was ruined in the same day, Dean quickly discarded the pieces to the floor, and pressed his chest against Cas', returning their lips together.
Dean moved his hand into Cas' hair, gripping tightly. "Dont stop" he breathed.
"You didn't attack me" Cas replies. He manages to turn his head away as he mumbles "and I wasn't saving myself."
"Dean" Cas gasped again, more urgently. Dean just hummed "mhmm". He knew Cas was about to come, he could feel his thighs tightening, both hands gripping the sheets, knuckles white.
"You brought live chickens onto my bus." He says, obviously.
As they neared town, Dean started to get a little nervous. Was Cas just doing this to go off on her? Nah, he wouldnt do that. So why was he? And why did she want to meet him? I mean, Dean hardly knew her. But if this is what it took to make Cas more comfortable, he would do it.
He'd loved Cas, and he was sure Cas had loved him back, but he figured after enough time had passed Cas would've moved on. He was brilliant, beautiful, and so determined, anybody would've been lucky to have him.
Dean stopped for just a moment before he placed a kiss on the tip of Cas' hard penis. He opened his mouth and gently sucked the tip in, swirling his tongue around lightly. He felt Cas tense up, and looked up to see his head thrown back and his hands tangled in the sheets. 'Damn, that's all it took?' Dean thought.
Dean gave Cas a look, then rolled his eyes again, shaking his head. "I guess I have to help, if Cas is. But be warned, I do this under protest."
When he looks up, Cas is still smiling a little but his face has a hint of shadow on it. "Hey, the whole 'in the zone thing', it's okay you know?" Cas tilts his head quizzically, so Dean shrugs and continues. "I didn't know, but I know now. It's what you do, it's part of who you are, and whoever you're with should accept that. If they can't, well" Dean shrugs again. "It's their loss."
"Yep. Oh, hey. Dad and I are going to breakfast. You guys wanna come?" Claire asks, and Cas panics. He doesn't think he can deal with any more Dean today.
Flavor explodes on Dean's tongue. It's a strong ale, slightly sweet but barely so, with a hint of something that screams of fall and pie, and Dean is in heaven.
By the time Charlie gets there, Dean's worried he's about to be in full blown panic attack mode he's worked himself up so much. She ushers him outside without a word, parks him on the swing, then disappears back into the house reappearing a few minutes later with some tea. He hates tea, but it's usually effective so he drinks it.
"More" Dean begged into Cas' mouth.
Dean pushes past them in the hall and into his room, grabbing his duffle bag from the top of the closet and shoving clothes into it. He's not even thinking, just knows he can't stay here anymore, especially if those two are back together. He doesn't want to see Cas with
What feels like hours later, Dean is climbing back onto his bus and heading back to the station. He's ready to go home, ice his face, and hug his boyfriend, not necessarily in that order.
"Why what?"
Cas asks if they need anything else, and Gordon waves his hand in dismissal while picking up his fork and knife. Dean looks to Cas and says "we're good, thank you." And Cas turns to walk away.
"So, let me get this straight" Sam said, picking up his glass and downing the whole thing. "You made out with a woman, almost lost Cas over it, then decided it would be a good idea to get drunk, bring her back here, and tell her about our lives?"
"Look, I'll tell you this" she says quietly, and Cas holds his breath. "I think you'd understand why he did it. You've just gotta give him time. And push him, but not too hard. I love him, I do, but he's a stubborn ass at times."
It's a message from Gordon that says
She has to have surgery. His little not so little girl is going to have surgery and she was in pain and he wasn't here for her because he's selfish and a bad father, and... fuck.
Cas wound his right hand up into Dean's hair, and used his left to pull Dean's body even closer to his own.
." His orgasm crashes through him and he throws his head back into the pillow. It's all consuming, sending flames throughout his entire body, pulses of pleasure like electrical shocks as he spills over their stomachs untouched. Dean is still thrusting into him, and he feels so full clenching around him, and then Dean stiffens, buries his face against Cas' neck and Cas can feel Dean filling him, his hot come covering his insides, marking him, as Dean moans into his skin.
Dean fried up some bacon, then cracked a couple of eggs into the grease, popping bread down in the toaster while they fried. Once it was all done, he put them on a plate, and sat down at the table across from Cas.
Dean shook his head. "No, its not. Honestly, I'm surprised at how much that's not been a problem. I find you extremely sexy, and it's hard for me to keep my hands off of you. It's just, when it comes to feelings. Man, I suck at them."
"Seriously, try it." Dean says, holding his bowl out. "You won't be disappointed."
"Thanks!" Courtney said, sliding a shot in front of herself.
Cas doesn't say anything else about it, but seriously thinks about what she said. It really
Dean glanced over at Cas, who'd been quiet pretty much the whole time. He didnt look upset though. He actually looked... pleased. That was strange.
"No, that's okay. I don't want you to get in trouble because of me." He says, looking even more ashamed.
When Gordon gets his meal set in front of him again, he cuts into it. Once again, Dean can see it's perfectly cooked, but Gordon sighs. "It's overcooked again, but I'll eat it. I don't want to make my date wait any longer, his food is probably cold by now."
"You like this place?" Dean asks, like he didn't just render Cas completely speechless by his mere presence.
Swiping his tears away, Cas heads down the hall and pulls the door open. "Dean?" The word leaves his mouth, surprise evident. What's he doing back? Does he want to talk? Hope fills him, maybe this is his chance.
Dean leans in and presses another soft kiss against Cas' lips. "I love you, too. God, I've never stopped loving you." He says.
Dean shook his head. "You have it all wrong." He then placed his right hand on Cas' upper arm. "I didnt do it just to get you to stay. I wanted to. I've wanted to for a while."
Dean's heart started to beat harder, faster. In his head, he was yelling at himself. 'Just say it. Say you want him. That you dont want anybody else, you want to be with him. Say it. Say it, you fucking idiot!' "The kissing thing" is what actually came out of Dean's mouth. He mentally kicked himself. 'Coward'.
"Fu- Cas, yes. Please." Dean begs, as one of Cas' hands slide into his hair, fingers tightening, pulling Dean's head to the side to get a better angle on his neck. The other hand moves down Dean's body, stopping at the hem of his shirt, fingers grazing warm skin.
Cas knows what's coming next, because it would only be fair for him to share his story as well. That doesn't make him any less nervous when Dean asks.
Dean looked into Cas' eyes and saw a glint there. Cas crashed his mouth back to Dean's, not letting up on his rubbing.
Cas removed his fingers, and positioned himself above Dean, lining up his hard cock with Dean's hole.
"Sammy?" Dean looked at Sam.
Cas adjusted himself until he was, in Dean's opinion, in a more comfortable position. Feet tucked under him, and leaning against the arm of the couch.
Cas nods, and when Gordon waves his dismissive hand again, Cas rolls his eyes and turns away. Dean's pretty sure that Gordon doesn't see it, as he's not looked at their waiter one time since they sat down, but he calls Cas back to the table once again, and now Dean's getting really annoyed.
. This touch is not like that. It almost feels like he's holding hands with his brother, and okay, that's a weird thought.
"Mhmm" Dean responds, finishing what's in his mouth. "This month's books for my shop. The damn numbers aren't adding up and I've been over it five hundred times."
At this point, Dean had finished his shower and was about to walk into the war room when he overheard them talking. He stopped, just out of eyeshot, when he heard Cas say the word 'worried'.
Throughout the movie, Dean found himself adjusting his position slowly, until he was sitting right next to Cas, almost sitting on his feet. Everytime he snuck a look at him, Cas was so engrossed in the movie Dean didnt think he even noticed.
"Come on, I'm not blind or stupid. Emma could feel it, too. What happened?"
"Yeah, thats... that's fine" Dean said.
Once again Cas looked down and flipped a few more pages. "But it doesnt matter. I will be here until he tells me to leave." Cas closed his eyes for a moment, before looking up. "I wont give this up, if I have any say in it."
"Yeah, yeah that's him. Well, he's back. Here in Lawrence. He moved back last week." He watches as Charlie's eyes get bigger the more he goes on. "Not just that, but his daughter, he has a daughter, is Emma's new best friend. So, yeah, I've seen him a couple times."
Cas continued to look down at his book. "You started it."
Dean opened his eyes, searching Cas' face, only inches from his own.
"I replaced her with you. I thought maybe you'd understand. And then you got up there, and started singing. And that song..." Dean stepped even closer, until there was almost no space between them. Cas' hands were still hanging limply by his sides. "I thought... please don't tell me I'm wrong about this."
"Damnit. Dean, please just wait a second." Cas says, and Dean pauses putting the key in the door. He rubs his hand over his face then turns back around to see Cas halfway down the path, barefoot and all. "That's not... I didn't mean... Damnit, I'm sorry, I'm really bad at this."
Dean's staring at him, mouth slightly open in shock. Cas drops his hand back to his side, at a loss of what to do now.
"It's no problem. It is my job."
Dean smiled up at Cas, leaned his head up, and captured his mouth in a slow, sensual kiss.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas. "I'm sorry."
Every few days to weeks, the guy gets on the bus, sometimes empty handed, but usually with another large item: a cello, a rocking chair, a deconstructed antique couch frame, an awful clown painting, a huge velvet Elvis (
"What is it, Cas?" Dean asked, resting his hand on Cas' shoulder.
When Cas registers what he's looking at, his eyes go wide and his heart starts to pound even harder. It's smashed, but still very clearly a red tulip, and Cas knows that Dean knows what this flower means.
"So so bad. And I can't fix it. I thought I could but he won't talk to me and I went there but Sam wouldn't let me in to see him and now I just don't know what to do and it hurts so much." He's rambling and he's sure he's not making any sense, but he can't help it.
"Pretty sure that was all you, sweetheart." Dean replied with a smirk.
Okay, who's he kidding. He checks the guy out whenever he gets the opportunity. Dude is hot, and he can't help himself. He's a professional though, so all he ever does is give the guy a polite nod to acknowledge his pass, and the guy takes a seat.
"Though, what?" Dean snaps.
"That sounds good Dean. Maybe for tonight? We could all have dinner."
"Language." Cas says, giving her a stern look and receiving another eye roll in return.
Cas puts the truck in park, and Emma squeals. "Oh my god, Charlie's here!" She says, and Cas' head whips over to look at the porch, where Dean is sitting on the swing with a petite redheaded woman. "You have to meet her!"
Dean laughed. "Yeah, I know. That doesn't mean you cant join me until I fall asleep, does it?"
"It was, though. I could've denied it. Or figured out some way to get you a message. Sent you a letter. Anything. Anything would've been better than the nothing I left you with. I could've tried, I was just too scared to risk it." Dean says, and he still won't look at Cas.
Dean sighs contentedly.Waking up wrapped in someone like this is a joy, and he will not let that jerk ruin it. He's just dozing off again when Cas' hand starts rubbing lightly along his stomach, inching downward. Becoming aware of Cas' hard length pressed against his ass, Dean's dick starts to perk up, twitching when Cas' fingers lightly graze the base.
, letting out a low groan. He wants it, wants Cas, but this is their first date and he doesn't want to fuck it up. He doesn't want this to start like every other time, quickly jumping into bed, hot and heavy only to fizzle out just as fast as it started. He wants this to last, he knows, because Cas is something special, he can feel it. So he keeps his hands in Cas' hair, fingers carding through the thick strands.
"This. Tonight. It was a good idea." Cas replied.
"Thank you for waiting. I'm sorry again." Cas says, sounding almost sad.
Dean crawled across the bed and stood up next to Cas. "I wasnt texting her because I want her."
"Nope, not gonna happen." Sam said.
There's a plate set in front of each of them with a burger and what looks like homemade fries that smell like garlic and parmesan, and a platter in the center of the table with burger toppings on it. Cas watches as Dean loads his up with ketchup, onions, and pickles, exactly the same way he ate them in highschool.
Dean laid his hand on Cas' thigh, running his hand along the outside, up to his hip, then along his side until it reached his bare chest. Dean skimmed his hand along the hard lines of Cas. This was different than being with a woman. Not soft and supple, but hard and firm. And the stubble rubbing his chin and cheeks raw. But damn he really liked it. Not because it was a guy, but because it was Cas.
Dean shook his head now. "There's nothing you can do to help, Cas. Its something I'm just gonna have to work through."
"Yes" Gordon says, looking at the menu. "I'll have the ribeye, rare. Instead of the garlic mashed potatoes, I'll have a baked potato, and instead of the asparagus I'll take a house salad, Italian dressing on the side."
It was obvious Dean like teasing, whether it was giving or receiving it, it didn't seem to matter.
Even avoiding looking at him, he can still see Sam's eyes go wide. "Seriously?"
By the time he's climbing the stairs, Dean and Charlie are on their feet, Charlie has already hugged Emma and is pulling Claire into a hug of her own.
Dean's staring at him, and he's staring back. Now's his chance. Just say something. Ask him to come in, ask him to talk. Tell him you're sorry.
"Alright" is Dean's only reply, because what the fuck else is he supposed to say?
"Oh, and I'm sure daddy can get an extra desk in his office so you can just work from here." Emma says to Cas, and Cas looks to Dean again. He can feel his eyes widen, gaze flicking back and forth between the three other people at the table, but Dean still isn't saying anything, still doesn't look up from his food.
"Cas" Dean breathes out, voice shakey, and finally, finally opens his eyes and Cas can see the beautiful brilliant green shining. "Hey" he says quietly.
"I'm not joking." Cas said staring at Courtney now with unblinking calm.
"Yes, well, I date on occasion. I should probably go." Cas says, actually turning to the door now.
It feels amazing, Cas' fingers digging into his back, and Dean sets to work tasting every part of Cas his lips can reach, down his chest, over his nipples, and down to his navel, sucking a mark into his prominent hipbone. When Dean reaches his groin, he licks into the crease, and Cas bucks up beneath him, body trembling as Dean's hands slide down his thighs and back up, barely skimming along his cock.
-'Yeah well... Kind of. I tried to leave. Run an... errand... We'd been in the middle of kissing.'
Sitting up and rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, Dean looked at the clock. It had only been about 2 hours since he fell asleep, but after that dream he didnt think he could sleep anymore.
Curiosity killing him, Dean continues on with his day.
Down the driveway, Cas tells him to take it around the side of the house, then leads them to the large building in the back. They set it down outside so Cas can spin the numbers on the lock, then get it back up and inside.
"You should sleep." Cas says. Dean makes an agreeable noise, and Cas can feel him waning in his arms.
Dean stared into Cas' bright blue eyes. The eyes he'd had many dreams about. The eyes that now looked at him with concern.
"I'll have this back to you tomorrow. Goodbye, Dean." Cas says, and then he's walking down the steps.
"So, I was still under pressure from my parents, and just hanging on through school. Honestly, I was a mess." This is the awkward part. Hell, the whole rest of the story is the awkward part really. "So I thought, fuck it, maybe it is just a phase and I can make myself like women. I didn't want anybody after you, so why not try?" He sees a flash of guilt pass through Dean's face, and looks away from it.
Dean was already almost to his room when he heard Sam running up behind him. "Dean, wait!"
"Definitely" Cas replies, kissing him back before they both climb out of bed.
Dean grabs ahold of him and pulls him up stairs, down the hall into his room, and Cas goes more than willingly. Dean wastes no time, once inside. He pulls Cas' shirt off, then his own, and pushes Cas back on the bed, following him, pressing their mouths, their bodies, together.
His entire life was intertwined with Dean's, and always had been, which, in its itself was great. Spending time with his best friend was always the highlight of his days. But, lately, he couldn't bring himself to do it anymore. They saw each other at school, ate lunch together, talked during free period, but anything outside of that Cas had basically stopped doing. He knew he was being a shitty friend, and that he was probably hurting Dean by doing it, but he just couldn't.
"Oh" Cas didnt know what to say to that, so he wound his fingers around Dean's hand and gently pulled until Dean was once again laying on top of him.
"I fucked up so bad, Cas. I know that. But I-" Dean stopped, and took a breath, feeling the butterflies start up again. "I dont want someone else. I shouldn't have needed to kiss someone else to realize that. I'm so sorry."
"Come on man, tell me what's up. Please?" Dean asked again.
"Yes, work. I'm in the middle of that myself." Dean says, gesturing down himself, which gives Cas the perfect excuse to let his eyes scan Dean's body again.
Dean is staring at him, still blushing, and god does he look so fucking adorable when he's embarrassed.
"I love you" Cas whispered, as he pushed the rest of the way in.
Dean pulled Cas closer, and Cas snuggled his head against Dean's chest. "I love you, you know. For as long as I can remember." Dean whispered.
"There are things more important than a party." Emma says, and Dean is so damn proud of her he wants to cry.
It feels like the breath has been punched out of him, and he's lightheaded as he stares out at the man standing on his front porch.
"What was that?" She asks. He can see her watching him from the corner of his eye.
Cas stopped beside the car, and looked at Dean. "I dont think you should drive" Cas said, watching Dean struggle with unlocking the door.
When they'd conversed about it, Cas had said wistfully that he hopes one day someone will give him one. And Dean had brought this home.
"That was..." Dean started.
After a while, Cas hears his chicken clucking at him, and he looks up at her. She's settled in her blankets again, and is staring at him like she's waiting for a response. He checks the clock on the wall, seeing several hours have passed, and nods. "You're right, better stop now." Cas says, setting the tools aside.
Slumping against the closed door, Cas closes his eyes and let's his head fall back as tears start to sting in them. What has he done? He's such an asshole. He knows how Dean feels about Michael, he knows what Michael put him through, and yet he brought him back here anyway. He could've possibly just ruined their friendship, over what? Something that meant nothing.
"Cas" he whispered.
On the morning of the fourth day, Dean woke up with a start, shooting straight up in bed, his heart hammering. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and looked around.
Surprised, but pleasantly so, Cas kissed Dean back, wrapping his arms around him.
He could feel Cas' hands slide around him as he kissed him back. Dean felt Cas press against him, turn them around, and start moving him backwards, backing him into the table.
He slides back up Dean's body, tasting Dean's skin again as he goes. Grabbing a pillow, he props Dean's hips up, and Dean slips his hand behind Cas' neck, pulling him into a heated kiss.
As they wandered the room, Dean could feel Cas' eyes on him. He was watching him, making sure he was enjoying himself.
Sinking down, Dean takes Cas all the way into his mouth, before pulling back and doing it again, flicking his tongue along the underside and taking more in each time. Cas is falling apart beneath him, Dean can tell he's struggling to keep his hips in place and not thrust up into Dean's mouth, so Dean wraps his hands around Cas' hips, encouraging him.
Dean took a deep breath, then continued. "While I was... Kissing her... I couldnt stop thinking about you. Your lips on mine. Your hands on me." Dean reached out and touched the top of Cas' hand. "I realized I didnt want her. When I stopped it, I was gonna tell her I couldnt do it. Then I saw you. The look on your face, Cas. It killed me inside. Then you were gone. I came right back here to talk to you, but... you were gone." Dean's voice broke a little at the end.
' sound.
Courtney nodded, and basically skipped to the door.
It's a nice day full of doing nothing. Normally, sitting around and trying to relax unnerves Cas. He can never quite unwind, always waiting for something to happen, but today he's not. He grabs a book and curls up on the couch to pass the day.
"No," Cas says, trying to get his mind back online. "No, you didn't do anything wrong." He reaches out and grabs Dean's arm, pulling him closer.
: Yeah, just gotta take care of some stuff. Is late afternoon tomorrow alright?
A smile pulls at Cas' lips, and he kisses Dean softly. When he pulls back he looks right in Dean's eyes.
"Why?" Cas says, staring in at him with pain in his eyes.
Once in his room, Dean went to his dresser and, rifling through, pulled out a couple pairs of pajama pants, and a tshirt. He tossed one pair and the tshirt to Cas, who caught them and looked at them questioningly.
