said it – if Steve said –
Tony's answering smile was so brilliant that it felt like staring into the sun.
“Are you okay?”
Someone grabbed Tony's arm, and he snarled, suddenly seeing red because Steve was
Steve grabbed the pole next to him on reflex, his fingers clenching when Tony pressed down on his cock, moving his hand in tiny increments that felt a lot better than they had any right to. He glanced up at the guy opposite him, but the man didn't seem to have noticed, his eyes averted as he nodded along to whatever music was blasting through his earphones.
“We'll figure it out. How to make it good for you.”
, come on, Steve, hurry up –“
He probably could have. Fuck, Tony should have visited more often.
“Yes, yes. Well, it seems clear to me what the problem is, Mr. Stark.” Dr. Yinsen crossed his t's with a flick of his wrist, ripping the page out of his notebook and folding it in half with a smile at Tony. “Would you like me to give you the diagnosis first or would you prefer to have your guardian alpha in the room with you?”
It took him two tries to properly close his hand around Tony's cock, but Tony didn't waste any time riding his fist, his hands clinging to Steve's shoulders as Steve jerked him off as hard as he dared.
How so?
“Maybe you can show me?” Tony asked gently and Steve let out a heavy breath when Tony let go of his hands and sat back on his heels. “Just – you know. So I have a ballpark of what kind of pressure you need.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for.” Steve's hands wandered down to Tony's hips before he promptly stood up, ignoring Tony's startled yelp as he carried him over to the bathroom. Tony flicked him in the shoulder.
“That's been established, yes,” Tony said with no small amount of amusement. “Steve, what's this about?”
“As long as it’s not a whole dog floor,” Steve said teasingly and Tony averted his eyes. “Oh, Tony. You didn’t.”
It wasn't Steve's best work, far from it, but that wasn't the point. He'd spent hours trying to emulate the exact shade of Tony's eyes, crafting every speck of gold and ocher that mixed in with the brown when the light hit them just right. Tony's lips were twisted into a wry smirk, the kind he gave Steve whenever he caught him doing something stupid but was nice enough not to point it out. Steve hadn't liked that look directed at him most of the time, but when he'd been sitting in a tiny room in Wakanda with only his sketchbook for company... he'd found himself missing it with a vengeance.
“Fuck,” Steve gasped and Tony hummed in agreement, still too fucked out to even move. “I didn't know you liked that.”
“Tony, what –“ He broke off when Tony held up a hand as he stood up, taking a breath so deep it seemed like he was about to dive underwater –
“And no matter what happens with the... with everything.” Tony felt the pit that had made its home at the bottom of his stomach start to gape open, his heart picking up speed. “That won't change. I love you no matter what. Okay?”
Tony hummed, pressing a kiss to Steve's shoulder. “Have I told you lately that you're the best?”
I'm sure we've all missed this guy ;) Thanks for reading!
Which only made it more embarrassing that he had to give an interview here.
Toni pulled away after a moment, trying to gauge Steve's reaction, but Steve didn't let her get too far before he chased her mouth with his, his hand coming up to brace himself on the window behind her as he pressed her back into her seat. Toni let him keep that illusion of control as she took over the kiss, leading by example to show Steve where to put his tongue, how to move his lips to send shivers down her spine. To his credit, Steve was a very quick learner, and soon enough they pulled apart, panting lightly as they shared the same air.
Tony looked over at Steve, raising an eyebrow. “You'll need to be a little more specific, honey.”
Tony's smile faltered a little at the fake name although he didn't know why it felt so jarring at that moment.
Secretary of State
“Would it kill you to swallow before you talk?” Pepper asked, then sighed. “I heard it after I said it. Please don't make the joke.”
–“ Tony blinked. Then blinked again, looking down at himself before he stared at Clint, his eyes wide. “Huh.”
“That's gross,” Steve said, wrinkling his nose as he pulled the fabric away from his skin. “You're such a dick.”
“I love you, you know that?”
Tony almost swallowed his tongue when Steve put a hand to his cheek, his thumb stroking just under his eye.
Still, his friends had paid good money for the doll and Steve wasn’t enough of an asshole to not appreciate the gesture, as misguided as it was. The least he could do was give it a shot.
"You're gonna have to -
He looked down at his cock as his hand slid over it, his fingers overlapping at the tip, and – and –
Tony looked up at Steve as he went back down, sucking on his cock in a pulsing rhythm, and Steve cursed, fumbling for the shutter before there was a flash and Tony closed his eyes so he could concentrate on taking Steve even deeper. It took him a few more tries to find the right angle, but on the next one he let Steve's cock slide all the way down his throat, shuffling his legs to accommodate the new position.
“I hate surprises.”
Contrary to popular belief, Tony didn’t hate the arc reactor.
Copy Furnished.
“That's a given, I think,” he said, already a little breathless. “You want me like this? On my knees? Or maybe –“
He'd never thought of how limiting it had been to try and fuck someone without making any noise, but now that he was free to let his thighs slap against Tony's ass as loudly as he wanted he started to realize that he'd always held back before. And oh shit, this was so much better.
“I think our defense did an excellent job,” he said, tipping his head at Bucky. “And Mr Barnes got to say his piece. We'll just have to see how things develop from here.”
“Later then.” Tony snuggled closer, feeling something deep in his gut settle as he breathed in Steve's familiar smell. “No sleeping yet. We should make the most of this.”
“That's me,” Tony heard himself say, and his heart stuttered when the alpha smiled at him. Good god, he was gorgeous. Dr. Yinsen hadn't mentioned that.
Steve spent the entire day watching Netflix.
“There you go, sweetheart,” Tony whispered soothingly, and Steve sagged in his arms, his eyes falling shut as Tony petted him, stroking his hair so gently that it made Steve's skin prickle with goosebumps. “You were amazing. So brave. Took it all for me, hm? Shh.”
Wow, straight to the point, huh? “More like his landlord currently. But yes, I've been overseeing his recovery process.”
“I'm so full,” he mumbled against Tony's lips, gritting his teeth when Tony twisted his hand, his fingertips just barely grazing that spot deep inside him that made his toes curl with pleasure. Then he stroked it full-on, and Steve couldn't hold back the loud moan that tore from his throat as he squirmed on Tony's fingers, trying to get them even deeper. He could feel Tony's grin against his neck.
Steve swallowed hard. “Not when we're –“
Tony jerked so hard he almost upset his bowl of worse-than-junk-food as he frantically sat up and hit the first number on his speed dial.
“Can we get a move on, please?” Steve asked long-sufferingly and Tony punched Bucky in the shoulder before he went inside the jet.
"Yes! Oh, fucking hell, Nat, you little, devilish genius, you –"
Steve snorted, unable to hide the fondness in the exasperated look he gave Tony. “I love you.”
In lieu of an answer Steve leaned over Tony to catch his lips in a fierce kiss, his shoulder moving against Tony's in a way that told him that Steve had taken matters into his own hands. It only took a minute or two before Steve came between them, leaving a mess on Tony's stomach.
, they did
you!”
Steve pulled down his shirt to hopefully hide the bulge as he hurried from the car, just slowly enough that Tony could keep pace without pulling his shirt tight. He made a beeline for the closest restroom, which was blessedly empty, and grabbed Tony around the waist to pull him into the last stall and lock the door with a decisive click.
The chat blew up with comments voting for either side when AssMaster69 suddenly dropped another hundred with a message saying,
They talked well into the night, and by the time Steve hung up Tony had almost forgotten about what Steve had said earlier. It only came back to him as he was rifling through the fridge and saw a piece of half-eaten pastry that he'd left there after lunch. There was no way that it was big enough for him use in any way, but after a moment's hesitation Tony shrugged and grabbed it anyway, placing it on the counter so it could warm up to room temperature.
"What if they come here again? They know where I'm hiding."
Tony snorted. “I bet he did.”
"So -" Steve made a muffled noise as Tony mushed their lips together, his skin prickling when he felt the scratch of Steve's beard against his chin, overlapping with his own beard in places and Jesus fuck, that shouldn't be as hot as it was.
“Perfect. Toni's on my team.”
Tony sighed. “I can leave, if you want. I never meant to make you uncomfortable.”
for sure, but –
“You know, you're not what I expected a satyr to be like,” he heard himself say as he turned back around to face Tony, who tilted his head but otherwise didn't move.
“I haven't even offered yet.”
Steve sat down heavily, finally letting the exhaustion of the fight catch up to him as he sorted through everyone's reports, trying to get them into some semblance of order. He was stalling and he knew it, his heart pounding at just the thought of Tony confronting him. Tony hadn't been at the debrief, instead helping SHIELD with clean up, and Steve hated taking the coward's way out, but if he was luckily he could probably get back to his room before Tony –
“They did it again,” she lamented, tossing her phone at Pepper who was tapping away at her laptop next to her. “Read that shit!”
Clint chuckled, and Steve took that as answer enough, settling in to watch the movie. He was glad that Bucky didn’t dig further because Steve wasn’t sure he could explain it, even to himself.
“So you want to – what. Take a ride on the Stark train? Get the VIP experience?” She didn't know where the sudden anger came from, but it hurt unexpectedly to have Steve proposition her for sex like this when – when – fuck, she didn't even know. “Well guess what, dickwad, I'm not –“
“Tony.” He glanced up at her, grimacing at the concerned look in her eyes. “What's wrong? Seriously?”
Steve swallowed hard. "Yeah, I know."
“I hurt you,” Steve said, so pitifully that Tony had to just hug him tight for a second, rocking them together.
and Tony gladly let it pull him in. He never felt more at home than he did here.
Steve pressed his lips together for a second before he spoke. “But that's exactly my point. You were used by an organization that decided what your next mission was going to be. How is that any different than the –”
T. Ross
“Hello? Is someone there?”
Steve's throat went dry. “You've... jerked off in the armor?”
Steve paused for a second, his heart beating double time, before he smiled brightly. “Yeah, I'd like that.”
Toni stared at her for a long moment before she swooned, clutching her chest with both hands. “Ms. Potts, you are too good to me.”
Steve rolled his eyes, lifting the grocery bag in his hands as Clint let him into his apartment. “I didn’t forget, don’t worry.”
“Tony, what the hell are you doing?“
. “We have mountains of evidence –“
Then he got together with Steve.
her to do that,” Tony said quickly, wrinkling his nose. “No. She's just there for the legal stuff. You know, NDA on locations and names, 'anything you say can and will be used against you', blah blah blah.”
“No! Nothing's settled!” Steve shouted as his hands curled into fists even though his feet stayed rooted to the floor. He had no idea what the plant would do if it felt threatened by him again. “You don't have to do this! We'll find another way –”
Steve swallowed. “Thanks, Buck. But I’m fine.”
“Yes. All of – yes.”
Fairport, NY 14450
“You were in full rut, practically foaming at the mouth, and the first thing you did when you saw me was hand me your jacket because you thought I was cold.” Tony smiled. “You won’t hurt me, Steve.”
“You need preggo juice.”
“I'd like to take you out.”
“Please. Call me Tony.”
Tony smirked. “The color scheme didn’t tip you off?”
“I'm aware that you're a vampire,” Steve said a little testily. “I'm asking what they want with
“Be gentle,” she warned him, and he nodded, his lower lip caught between his teeth as he touched her again, trailing the tips of his fingers over her pussy. Toni spread her legs wider, touching the back of his hand to guide it a little further down. “Feel that? You can push right in there if you want. One finger.”
“Getting there,” Steve said breathlessly, looking at Tony with something like awe and a lot more like adoration. “Tony –“
kiss it, he suddenly thought, twitching when his cock jerked in his hand. And nobody would know.
“Oh my god,” he gasped, and Steve made a punched out noise as he let go of Tony's nipple to swipe a finger through the thin line of liquid that kept trickling down Tony's chest, pooling on his stomach.
So Tony pulled a Spiderman Homecoming and remote controlled the suit. I hope you guys aren't too disappointed that they didn't meet yet, I promise I'll make up for it when they DO meet in the end.
“Damn it,” Steve sighed, leaning back on his stool when Sam shoved a plate of eggs at him – and subsequently at Bucky.
Steve Rogers was off limits. And no amount of sexual tension was going to change that.
. He wanted everything.
He wasn't surprised when he was pulled aside by security who did a preliminary check for weapons before they waved him through to the front desk where Steve tried to force a smile at the pretty, blonde secretary looking at him with expectant eyes.
“So. Did you come here all the way from New York?”
“And that's okay. If you're not ready yet –“
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Don't sound too excited about it,” Tony quipped before he shivered as some of the leaves drew patterns across his lower back. “Oh fuck...”
Tony threw his head back with a keen, thrusting up into that feeling without conscious thought, and Steve just
“Just a little longer,” Tony rasped, and Steve shook his head frantically, his chest hitching as tears ran down his face.
Toni sighed, pointing at him with her glass. “You're lucky you're cute or I'd put you over my knee for that.”
U.S. Department of State
He'd been between girlfriends when he first watched that movie, bored out of his mind on one of his rare days off. And it just so happened that JARVIS had restocked his fridge with some comfort food that morning, including a frozen apple pie that Tony had planned on eating later.
“Good boy.” Toni stroked her hands through his hair before she grabbed hold and pulled him forward, getting his mouth back on her pussy. “You won't come before I come, got it?”
Tony flinched. “I – what, now?” Obie not-so-subtly pinched him in the side, and Tony realized that they must've discussed this while he was zoning out thinking about all the ways he was doomed. Now even more so since apparently his treatment was starting today. “I mean, yes, of course,” he said dully, and Dr. Yinsen handed Obie a document – probably the bill – before he waved Tony along.
“Fuck,” he ground out as he came in messy stripes all over Steve's stomach, and Steve made a gut-punched sound, wiping a hand through the mess before bringing it up to his face.
So instead he turned to the table, studying it with a critical eye. There was a hole cut out in the middle, leaving space for an attachment that Tony didn't recognize, shaped like a large sphere with cables running along the inside of it. But other than that the apparatus it stood on looked just like a regular power source, nothing out of the ordinary. Or at least nothing that suggested electro shock therapy to the brain or anything of the sort. Which was a relief. A small one, but still.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, I can tell.”
Tony felt weirdly betrayed as Obie negotiated the payment details of Tony's 'disease'. For a moment he'd thought that – well, it didn't matter. Apparently Dr. Yinsen was just another one of those people who would never understand Tony.
“I know.” Tony kept tracing Steve's cheekbone with his thumb until Steve looked up at him. “I'm so sorry, Steve.”
Steve felt very exposed all of a sudden, and Tony laughed, turning back to whatever he was doing.
“Proved you wrong, didn't we?”
Bucky hummed. “And how would you help exactly?”
Steve was so overwhelmed with relief and joy and
“Oh fuck,” Tony gasped, and Steve recognized the rough undertone for what it was, watching Tony's thighs start to shake as he tried to thrust up into the plant's grip and failed. “Oh my
Tony shoved the nachos in his mouth. “I'll find someone else. Hell, I'll pull up grindr right now –“
Steve frowned. “What are you talking about?”
Tony’s thighs flexed as he shuffled down the bed until he was lying flat on his back. “Don’t feel it that much. It’s really bendy.”
“What do you mean?”
Steve kissed the top of his head. “Yeah. I can do that.” They caught their breath in silence for a moment. “You realize that your dick isn't small, right?”
He was distantly aware that he should stop, and so he did, pulling his teeth out of Steve with a groan, instinctively licking the wound to seal it shut. Steve's taste lingered on his tongue, making his skin buzz with a restless energy that prompted him to bite him again, on the other side of his neck this time. The sound Steve made at that was like music in his ears, and as he drank Tony suddenly noticed that he was hard, almost unbearably so, his arms clenching tight around Steve's shivering body.
“Wherever you want me, shnookums,” Tony said with an obnoxious wink, the moment of tension already forgotten, and Steve grabbed the cups he'd prepared on autopilot and followed him to the couch. JARVIS put on some music in the background as they drank their coffee, talking about this and that. Steve really tried to play it cool, hide the nervous energy that he could feel tingling just under his skin, but eventually Tony put down his cup with a sigh.
“Must've.” Tony looked him up and down before he nodded decisively, swinging his legs out of bed. “JARVIS, can you give me the audio feed from the hallway, please? Crank it up to max.”
Steve grabbed his hand without hesitation. “Of course I do.”
"Who do you think I am?" Tony asked haughtily, reaching inside his bag and brandishing the hair cutting scissors and electric razor he'd brought. "I always come prepared."
Best regards,
“Serghh,” Tony garbled around the vine in his mouth, spit dripping down his chin, and Steve watched as Tony's back arched, his hips twisting desperately in the vines' hold, like he didn't know whether to get away or get closer –
“Oh, you know,” Steve said evasively, his bouncing leg giving away his nervous energy. Tony could guess why that was. “Same old, same old. Signed some forms, did some paperwork...”
“Tell me if I’m crushing you.”
“My ass hurts,” he grumbled, and Steve laughed softly, pulling back to kiss him square on the mouth.
“Go home, Steve. Before it gets dark.”
Steve barked a laugh, feeling his shoulders lose some of their tension as Tony stroked his hands, his thumbs digging in much harder than they usually did. Steve appreciated the gesture more than he could say.
He looked up at Steve who was staring at him with wide eyes, his hand still wrapped around Tony's cock. Tony flushed.
Washington, DC 20500
“Huh.” Steve dropped down next to Tony, wrapping an arm around his shoulders to pull him close. “Okay then.”
“This whole thing is such a mess.” Tony sighed, rubbing at his eyes. “I don't even know where to start.”
Take that, Thanos ;)
Steve came with a shout, his hips stuttering as his body tried to fuck into the tube and push back on Tony's thrusts all at once, his cock throbbing so hard he could feel it in his ears, filling the clear tube with murky white liquid. Tony fucked him through it, and Steve had barely made it through the tail end of his orgasm when he felt sensation hit him like a punch in the gut as his oversensitive cock twitched within the tube –
“You bought me a
His first thought was that it was hot, Steve's blood almost scorching his tongue, warm and heady and
It was a little dry, but the cream filling felt amazing on his cock, and Tony had no trouble getting himself off humping the thing. As Tony was throwing the ruined cake away he had a moment of clarity where he wondered what in the fuck he was doing, but in the end it didn't faze him all that much. After all, what was one more reason to feel like a perverted piece of shit in light of all of the other things he'd done.
“I love you too,” he said, smiling when Steve pressed a kiss to his temples.
"Okay." Tony took a step further into the room, keeping himself between Bucky and the door. The gesture didn't go unnoticed if the narrowing of Bucky's eyes was anything to go by. "I know this seems bad. But if you leave now it won't make anything better."
Steve's cock was fantastic. It was big but not too big. Long but not too long. Thick but not too thick. The goldilocks dreamboat of dicks, and Tony had to swallow down a hysterical laugh because that would be really inappropriate.
Steve took a deep breath before he seemed to steel himself and looked up at Tony. “I want to try it. With you.”
Tony couldn't help but laugh. “Wow. Didn't expect you to say that.”
“That should work. Come on.”
Should evidence of fraud be uncovered we
Tony snorted. “And that’s a bad thing?”
“I got you,” Steve said and Tony couldn't have held out if he tried.
If the plant understood him it didn't listen as it slid several vines up to the straps of Tony's shirt, pushing them off his shoulders while another two traveled down his stomach. Once the buckle on his belt was unclasped, Tony's pants slid down easily, bunching up around his ankles and leaving him in only his boxers which – judging by the rustling of leaves – seemed to excite the plant. Its intentions became crystal clear when it began exploring Tony's bare chest eagerly, much to his apparent dismay and Steve's... well.
Which was how Tony learned all about the misadventures of Bucky and his friends. There was a woman called Natasha who sounded, quite frankly, terrifying, a guy with some sort of Robin Hood shtick named Clint, a guy who was actually called Thor for some reason –
“Okay?”
Tony could only watch as Steve smelled his release, his muscles pulling tight as his knot swelled and Steve roared out his orgasm, one hand holding Tony steady even as he kept the other pressed against his face, huffing desperate breaths.
“No, Tony! For the last time, I'm not coming down to the workshop with you!”
Wow, can you believe this fic's not dead? Me neither xD Sorry for disappearing for so long, I got sick and then work kept me very busy these past few weeks, but I'm back now! Thanks for your patience and I hope you enjoy this chapter <3
Thank you for your continued cooperation. I look forward to working with you.
Hey guys! Sorry this chapter took so long, I haven't had as much time to write as I would've liked these past few days. But if all goes well I'll post tomorrow as well as the day after that :) Thanks so much for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
“Tony, what –“
“Tony,” Steve gasped, his hands trembling with the strain of keeping himself upright, and Tony's eyes flashed as a smirk tugged at his lips.
“I can't –“ Steve howled when Tony squeezed his cock, his head thrashing side to side as he pulled at his bonds so hard that the bed frame creaked. “I'm – Tony,
“You built me a
“My ass on your cock?”
"And ruin the surprise? I don't think so."
“I could,” Steve mumbled, blinking his eyes open to look at Tony. They had a hazy sheen to them, something soft and relaxed that brought a smile to Tony’s lips. “Don’ wanna.”
fine. Can I have my drink now?”
“Here.”
“Well, I've been working on a tranquilizer that – what, not a fan of drugs? That's cool. We could have a monitoring system, y'know, JARVIS and medical on standby.” Tony shrugged. “Or I could just tie you down and have my way with you. Take it out of your hands.”
Steve took a shuddering breath, his hand clenching around the fleshlight as he slowly pulled out. His cock was so hard it almost hurt, the head almost absurdly red against the pale flesh color of the toy. “I don’t think I’ll last long.”
Tony bit his lip, fingers clenching around his bowl of nachos. “I'll give you something. I promise.”
Orgasm hit him like a cresting wave, surging through him with enough force to leave him trembling in its wake, his abs twitching with the aftershocks. Steve came only a couple thrusts later, muffling a groan in Tony's neck as he squeezed his cock, making Tony grunt with oversensitivity at the sudden pressure.
"What?" Bucky cut in. "How does that help with –" He broke off, his eyes widening with realization. "You want me to stand trial."
“Why not? I made it for –“
“So we just stick this inside you? Or do we have to set it up?“
"Come on, get your ass out of bed."
“Yeah.” Tony gasped for air as he grabbed his sore neck, trying to catch his breath. “Holy shit, that scared me.”
Steve blinked, obviously startled. “How did you –“
“Oh, wow.”
Steve shrugged, his blush getting even darker. “Wouldn't you be? If I told you I liked something?”
Still, the first step of getting over something was accepting it. And Tony couldn't deny that he felt... an attraction. Towards Steve. Maybe a little more than that.
“So. What's the verdict?”
“What if it's me?” he asked when they were lying together on the bed after another round of – in his humble opinion – spectacular sex. “Maybe your body knows I can't go into heat, so it's just –
“Dilation is good,” Steve mumbled to himself before he straightened his back and gave Tony a grin. “That means we're done! Great job, Tony. Take a couple of minutes to catch your breath, then you can get off the table.”
“Fuck breakfast,” Steve said immediately, grabbing Tony by the hand to lead him into the bedroom. “When you bring me a magic fleshlight food can wait.”
Tony had no doubt about it.
"Are you fucking
“Wait, what – what was that?” Tony gasped, and Steve tilted his head with a small smile.
"Stay here and let me do this my way." Bucky opened his mouth but Tony shushed him with a raised hand. "Not yours, not Steve's, not Fury's. Mine. All I'm asking is that you trust me to handle this. Do you trust me?"
“I've heard stories. But don't worry, I'm Tony Stark and an Avenger to boot, they can't spirit me away in a dark alley without raising hell. It's fine.”
Fifteen!”
Steve looked down at his plate before he raised an eyebrow at Tony. “We're done? Already?”
“So. I got your message.”
“Oh,” she said again before she cleared her throat and smiled. “Congratulations are in order then? When did you come home?”
Steve's throat felt very dry. “I, uh –“
“Okay.” Steve grabbed the tray in both hands, leaning a little closer until he and Tony were almost breathing the same air as they looked down at the already messed-up looking pie. “So do we just...”
“Right.” Fucking vamp priorities, seriously. He pulled Steve's arm hard enough to dislodge the other vampire's grip, not so subtly stepping in front of him. “I can't allow that. Sorry. Maybe some other time.”
“We can’t use it long-distance,” Steve panted and Tony laughed breathlessly.
“Steve?” He made a punched out noise at the sound of his name, looking up to see Tony eying him with concern. “You alright?”
to move, made his cheeks flush with the same heat that was churning deep in his stomach, coalescing at the tip of his cock which felt almost raw with how hard he was.
Bucky's lips twisted into a frown for a split second before his face smoothed out again. “I know what I have done. And I wouldn't be sitting here if there was even the slightest chance of me going down that path again. You have my word on that.”
Yes, he still had the doll. And not for the reason Bucky and Clint were thinking.
“No, it’s okay.” Steve really hoped it was. “Just promise me you’ll read the fine print before you sign up for anything next time?”
Subject: RE: RE: RE: Sokovia Accords
The general laughed. “Indeed we did. Though I have to say, you made much more of an impressive exit. I saw the footage. You really built that thing in a cave?”
“I'm sorry,” Steve said, unable to keep the devastation out of his voice, and Tony's mouth twisted into an unhappy line.
“This is so dumb,” he breathed, and Steve barked a laugh, his head thumping down on Tony's shoulder.
Yes, it went through last Tuesday. We plan on forwarding it to the UN council for review as soon as it has finished making its rounds through legal channels.
But then Steve hit his prostate, his lips twisting into a satisfied smile at the noise Tony made, and Tony couldn’t think of anything past
Steve could barely breathe as he watched the tube – as he watched Tony’s
Tony was quietly grateful that he wasn't required to sit up on the sphere. He wasn't one of those omegas who were incredibly receptive to sexual stimulus – much to his disappointment – but the right kind of pressure on his prostate
Too bad they weren't going to get to try it.
I can't wait to be home.
Steve's stomach swooped. “Can it do that?”
“I'm aging in dignity, unlike someone I could mention.”
“I'm just saying. Keep it out of the common rooms, and everyone can –“
, hot flashes running up and down his spine as he trembled on the table, trying to keep a grip on reality.
“No, shut up. I don't care.” Tony's gleeful tone didn't match what he was saying at all, and Steve stepped forward, reaching out in concern.
Tears prickled at his eyes on the last stretch, and when he was finally seated on Tony's thighs they were both panting heavily, clutching at each other as Tony's forehead pressed against Steve's shoulder.
Endorsement:
“I know. SHIELD fucked all of us over.” Tony grabbed his fork, twirling it in his hand. “And I know it's hard to trust an organization when you don't know the people behind it, but I've done my research. I approve of eighty-three percent of the current UN board members.”
“Nice fella,” Obie said blandly, and Tony hummed, focussed on setting one foot in front of the other. “You do seem more relaxed. It's a nice look on you.”
Tony had nothing to say to that.
“Suit yourself.” The vampire cast one more look at Steve before he turned and left them to it. Tony grabbed Steve's arm – as a warning or just to keep him close, he didn't know – and led them up to the desk. As they walked over Tony could hear hushed whispers all around the room, and he swore that they weren't directed at him. In fact it seemed like most vampires were staring and some outright pointing at Steve. Which was weird. Especially since bringing a human was a requirement for him to be here in the first place.
“Well, I think I'll still be Steve. If that's okay.”
Steve slapped his ass. "Try it, I dare y-"
Steve grabbed the large, square couch pillow and held it out to Tony who pushed it underneath the pie tray, getting it level with his cock. He heard Steve suck in a breath as Tony grabbed his dick and stroked it to full hardness, anticipation getting him there faster than usual.
“Come here.”
Tony nodded, but Steve could see the surprise there before his jaw clenched and he squeezed harder, so hard his hand was shaking. He brought his other hand up to help along, and even though that was better, it still –
“What the –“ Tony's eyes widened as he saw the familiar placement of the wet spots, dragging his shirt up until he could see his nipples which were – “Holy shit!”
Steve let out a heavy breath, his face twisting before he shook his head and gave Tony a small smile. “Alright. But you’ll take the armor along. And I want JARVIS there to monitor everything.”
“No. This is perfect.”
Thank you all so much for reading and I hope you enjoy this chapter!
“Tony –“
to be uncomfortable –
Steve screamed, his legs jerking on either side of Tony's head before they started shaking uncontrollably as his back arched and his head snapped back –
“Well, hello there. I've been waiting for you,” he said with just a hint of a teasing undertone, leaning against the doorframe with one arm – and found himself staring at the small blond man who was looking up at him with an expression caught somewhere between surprise and a stoic frown.
Leaked pictures of the facility show cells the size of broom closets without any natural light source, shock collars and glass containment rooms that don't offer any sort of privacy. Plans for “interrogation rooms” have surfaced, including massive speakers we can only assume are intended for nefarious purposes, along with several instruments of a much more sinister kind.
Tony wasn't sure if that made him feel better. “So how do we avoid it? Just not stay the night?”
It did have the positive side effect of finally allowing Tony to have a decent conversation with the guy, unburdened by the blatant compatibility between them. He was honestly surprised by how well they got along when they weren't shouting at each other, and soon enough he was willingly spending time with Steve, taking him to all of his favorite places around the city. Steve went along with it, and while Tony didn’t know why he would, he could tell that Steve was honestly having a good time with him. That Steve might even possibly like him.
Steve sighed. “Alright. Has Thor checked in yet?”
Steve's hands clenched where they were folded in his lap. “It's kind of you to offer, but –“
He choked on his protest when Steve fucked into the pie hard enough to move it along Tony's cock, shoving it even deeper inside. The top layer was already a crumbly mess, but the slick glide of his cock head along the bottom crust still felt amazing, and Tony couldn't help the way his hips kicked forward, meeting Steve's thrust with his own.
“But why not?” Tony asked desperately, grabbing Clint's arm with both hands. “Come on, I built you a brand new shooting rage, you're gonna love it!”
“Tony, I thought we weren't going to announce the Avengers invol–“
When the shrapnel hit, her breasts had taken the worst of the damage, especially the right one where her nipple had been almost completely blown off. The doctors had reconstructed them the best they could, but Toni still bore the scars of captivity, and not all of them were as pretty as the arc reactor.
. He didn't know how he could possibly stop, god, how would he ever stop wanting to feel like this? And how would he stand it if it
He kissed Tony silent before he could say anything, trailing his hands back down to Tony's hips and over his ass –
Steve's brow furrowed. “What's that?”
It was almost overwhelming how good it was.
it work.”
He didn't know how to explain it properly, but Mr. Stark nodded again, a weirdly knowing look in his eyes. Steve had expected pity, the thing he usually got, but instead there was... sympathy. Maybe a little bit of intrigue.
“Mmh, I like the sound of that,” Tony said, his words vibrating against Steve's lips. “Gotta say, I like boyfriends even more though. How about you?”
“Yes, mother,” Tony grumbled, but didn't protest when Steve pulled him down into his arms to snuggle him to sleep.
are –“
“No, no, I like it.” Tony was a little surprised by how much he actually meant that. “There's a stigma against nice guys. But you seem like one of the good ones.”
Tony's chest was cold.
a little sore. Oh well. “I should, uh –“
Steve felt hot all over, his face probably bright red because – shit, Tony couldn't just
Steve shrugged, giving him a wry smile. “There are worse things in the world.”
If only she'd met Steve ten years ago. Hell, five years would've been acceptable too, then she could've fucked him and moved on with her life without feeling like she was betraying her own moral code. It still would've been terrible press, but... fuck, she didn't even know why the number fifty was such a huge barrier in her mind.
Tony swallowed. It felt like a lot of pressure all of a sudden.
Charles frowned for a moment before he smiled and patted Tony on the shoulder. “Business calls, huh? Well, we won't keep you long, Mr. Stark.” The man next to Charles slid a paper across the table, and Tony looked down at it, quirking an eyebrow because it was... surprisingly short? “Just sign your name here and register your status as a Council member. Ignacio will handle the rest.”
“Alright. So, first of I'd like to ask you if –“
Tony hummed, turning onto his side so he could pillow his head on Steve’s chest. Steve wrapped an arm around him. “Maybe I’ll take the fleshlight then. You can have the tube.” Steve’s breathing hitched, and Tony chuckled, pressing a kiss to his collarbone. “We’ll try that out next time.”
“But you're feeling optimistic?”
Steve didn't mess around. He took Tony all the way down from the get go, his beard just barely brushing the root of Tony's balls. Every now and then he would pull off, run his mouth down the side of Tony's cock so Tony could feel his beard leave a burning trail of friction down his sensitive flesh and make his whole body prickle with goosebumps. It was overwhelmingly good, and the sight of Steve's face like that, surrounding Tony's cock with that wash of blond hair, was like a gut-punch every time Steve sucked him down.
He flinched when the doorbell rang, a full ten minutes before his client was supposed to show. Tony frowned, but then cleared his throat and straightened out his jacket, putting on his best welcoming smile as he opened the door.
that –“
A meeting with Mr. Stark as the Avengers' representative will be arranged shortly. In the meantime please update us on any and all findings.
Steve froze when he heard the distant screeching of an oncoming car, long before the announcer's voice rang out. His heart was pounding hard enough that he could feel it pulsing in his wrists.
it, and suddenly Steve understood what Tony meant by ruining him for other men. He'd never felt this
“Are you sure, Tony?” Steve asked quietly. “We won't make it to Siberia and back in eighteen hours. Ross will think you're throwing your lot in with criminals.”
“Any news?”
“Nat said she'd kill us if we do it here,” Tony mumbled, and Steve bit at his lower lip.
, coating his tongue in thick ribbons.
“Keep talking like that and I might actually put you in your place.”
Steve dropped the letter on his desk, hurrying to his closet to pull out the giant carton that he hadn’t found the motivation to get rid of yet, turning it this way and that until he found the address –
He could smell how turned on Steve was, feel the tremors that shot through his entire body and ended in a stuttering motion that pushed his cock up against Tony's, rubbing them together. Tony could barely think past the need to make him feel good, make him
Well. Tony wouldn't mind coming down with hysteria more often.
“You want to see if the real deal measures up?” Mr. Stark asked with a raised eyebrow, and Steve felt his cheeks heat furiously.
Steve went into the adjacent bathroom to grab a towel and put it down on the bed before he lifted the doll out of its box and carried it over. It was surprisingly heavy, almost like a real person, and something about that was so creepy that Steve shook out his hands as soon as he put the doll down, trying to get rid of the sensation. The doll was wearing clothes, a pin-striped suit that made Steve once again wonder just how much this thing cost, and it took him at least a minute of internal debate before he found the courage to try and open the button of its pants.
Bucky's jaw clenched before he nodded. “I want to.”
“You didn't bring it with you, did you?” Bucky asked and Tony glared at him. “Just asking! There's always room for human error, no offense.”
Tony asked and Steve could see the effort it took him to process that. “Wait. Fuck, so that therapist – the HYDRA killings –“
“You still love me, right? Even though I'm a weirdo?” Tony asked, and Steve gave him the most beautiful smile, cupping Tony's cheek in his hand.
So the solution was simple. Stop sleeping with alphas and don’t dwell on what he was missing. It was a perfectly logical plan.
Secretary Ross stated that he and his staff are “working day and night on the verification of Mr. Stark's testimony and evidence.” So far they seem to have remained unsuccessful.
Steve's erection had waned a little on their way down here, but that thought brought it back with a vengeance, making him ache in the best kind of way. “Oh fuck. Please.”
“I don't care about that.”
He laid his clothes down on a big tree stump in direct sunlight so they would be warm when he got out before he waded into the water, feeling shivers run up and down his spine at the cold. With what little meat he had on his bones he knew he'd have to hurry not to get chilled, so he quickly stepped under the waterfall to get soaked before he moved to the alcove where he could sit comfortably in the water and soap up his body and hair.
away? You'll poke someone's eye out.”
“I don't know what you mean,” he said primly, and Steve laughed, bringing a hand up to probably cover his smile as Tony rolled onto his back, testing the way he'd stacked everything. When he found the perfect spot he pushed himself back into the mass of soft fabrics, creating the divot that he and Steve would be sleeping in later.
To: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
A sudden rush of fear made Steve jump out of his seat, adrenaline chasing away the afterglow as he dropped to his knees at Tony's side, wiping the drool off his slack face. “Sweetheart? Hey, Tony, can you hear me?”
“I know, right?” Tony nuzzled Steve's cheek, grinning when he felt Steve's shoulders shake with laughter. “Hey, this is serious business. You're indulging my kinks.”
“So good,” Tony agreed, throwing his head back when Steve suddenly twisted his hand, jerking his cock with deliberate strokes. “
Steve sucked in a breath, and when Tony looked down at him he was trembling like a leaf in the wind, looking almost a little afraid.
“I don't know, Tony, the pictures came out pretty well, all things considered.” He could hear her rustling over the line, probably sorting through important manager business. “You haven't posted a blowjob in over a week. They're not going to care what the dick looks like as long as it's in your mouth.”
“No,” Steve said simply, lining himself up and pushing in with one smooth slide. “Is – god, Tony, please say this is okay, please –“
Steve tilted his head as if he was weighing his words. “I don't think I ever told you that I love you.”
Tony grinned. “Mark my calendar, J. We've got some planning to do.”
me you - fuck, okay. Okay."
“I thought you'd never ask.”
"Don't shave." Tony ran his thumb over Steve's bottom lip, feeling his heart beat in his chest when his thumb brushed the bristles on Steve's chin. "Holy shit."
“Tada! What do you think?”
“Is he?” T'Challa raised an eyebrow. “Even if he was framed in Vienna, like you insinuated, Mr Barnes is far from an innocent man. Tell me, how many people has he killed?”
Dear Mr Stark,
Steve shook his head, the ghost of a laugh trapped in his throat. “You know, I miss the days when I could actually lie to you.”
.” He trailed off into a strangled moan when Steve rubbed a circle into his sore ass, a stinging pain that made his skin prickle with oversensitivity.
Mr. President, the last time Tony Stark felt guilty for something he built a flying metal suit. I believe he will dedicate himself fully to our cause.
“Is it?” Steve asked with a snort even as he obligingly sat on the bed, swinging his legs up until he sat cross-legged on one of the pillows. “I think you've conquered it fair and square. All you need is a flag.”
“Okay. You're the boss.”
, and nobody would know –
Tony led the way to the elevator, pushing the button and leaning against the wall next to Steve as JARVIS took them up. For a long moment neither of them said anything.
But judging by Tony's reaction, well. He'd just have to hope it would be a good thing.
"I want to hug Dodger."
“It's a fine asset though,” Tony said, grinning when Steve slapped his hip lightly. “I definitely couldn't stop thinking about
“Yeah,” Tony said, trying to hide the way his heart lurched when Steve said his name. He must not have managed it very well because Steve's eyes twinkled with mirth as he grinned.
“I'll say. We make a good team, huh?”
They caught their breaths for a few moments of comfortable silence. Tony's eyes slipped closed when Steve started stroking the back of his neck, digging his fingers into all the right spots. It felt so good that he was almost afraid he'd drop off to sleep immediately.
“Toni,” he said, like a prayer, and she bent down to kiss him, pulling back when he jolted in her arms, his breath catching on a moan. “
The signatures of yourself, Ms Romanoff, Colonel Rhodes and the Vision have been passed on to the UN. Given that other signatures are still pending the UN has unanimously agreed to extend the deadline at which a final answer from the rest of the Avengers will be required. Please forward the missing signatures to me or my staff within the next seven days; otherwise the UN will be forced to exercise their right to suspend those who choose not to sign from active duty.
“So the reason you haven't been to one of those meetings is because no human ever wanted to go with you?”
There was no way Steve could know that for sure, but before Tony could voice his objections Steve started down the stairs, and Tony had to hurry to catch up to him. The staircase opened up into a big, open space that was already crawling with people. There had to be more than a hundred, and Tony was honestly a bit stumped by the number of vampires he counted. He didn't expect there to be so many.
It’s been over two weeks since the mission, and every single day, without fail, he has had multiple panic attacks a day. Some were connected to when he did something he knew wouldn’t be a good idea, like have a cup of coffee, but many seemed to be completely random. One morning while Tony was making breakfast for himself, Steve watched as he went from seemingly content, to the hyperventilating out of nowhere.
“Do you like it, love?” Tony asked, cuddling his husband a bit from behind.
“Is there anything you need me to do?” Tony shook his head, though he was starting to visibly shake. Steve reached for the blanket that he had been using and wrapped it around Tony, before he grabbed each of Tony’s hands, and was happy when Tony didn’t fight it. Steve racked his brain, trying to remember what Nat had done the few other times he had seen Tony have a panic attack.
“My family,” Steve said, arm still wrapped around Tony’s waist. “Mine.”
“That’s fine, we can just pick some up either today or tomorrow.”
When Steve finally pulled the reactor out, Tony let out a blood-curdling scream that caused Steve to flinch, putting the arc reactor on the coffee table in front of the couch.
“It was good,” Tony responded, instantly suspicious of his oldest. “Where are the other two?”
It’s not like Steve was jealous or anything, that Nat was spending so much time with Tony. Steve had originally tried to be that person for Tony at the beginning of the week, but Tony seemed to not want to spend extended periods of time around him anymore. It didn’t break his heart a little bit every time Tony left the room as a way to seemingly avoid Steve. It didn’t, he swears. Steve wasn’t even sure if he could handle Tony having a panic attack if it were just the two of them.
“That’s good thinking buddy, I’m proud of you.” Steve said, “Now why don’t you go lay down on the couch. We’ll go get Peter and Isabel and everyone can have a break while we watch a movie together and eat a late lunch.”
And that was the nail in the coffin of Steve’s heart.
“That’s still maybe, 10 people, for easily 500 cookies. Maybe more.”
"Do you have a specific workout you want to do? "Tony asked, "We could spar? That's always good practice for the field, and we could invite anyone else who's around."
“That makes sense. Christmas might be a nice distraction from everything else this year. Focus on us this holiday season.”
Steve sighed, unsure of the answer, but before he had the chance to speak, both saw Peter enter the kitchen, looking like he just rolled out of bed.
“If you think it’s supposed to be Thor’s hammer then yes. The cookies are an assortment of holiday themes and Avengers symbols.”
“I’m sure taking a few hours break won’t stop you from doing that later.”
"Yeah, that sounds good. Just give me a few minutes to go get my jacket." Tony walked out of the lab, and Steve had to control himself in not shouting with excitement at the win.
“It has been months Tony,” Pepper reminded him, “It’s obviously something and we just want to know the person.”
is a perfect movie. Everyone grab some food, and Friday, start the movie and dim the lights.” Everyone quickly grabbed some food to keep them full, just as the movie started. The kids all settled in quietly, Matt watching intently from his spot on the chair, Peter happily eating as Tony brushed his hand through his hair, and Isabel already starting to look like she was dozing off as she snuggled closer into Steve.
“Took you guys long enough,” Matt said from his spot in one of the large recliner chairs. Isabel just rolled her eyes at him and moved to cuddle up against Steve on the couch.
That is, except when he scares Steve.
“It’s just that everyone seems to want a piece of my family all the time,” Steve confessed. “The media wants pictures of Peter or friends want to play with him; People want interviews with you and forget that you’re married and think it’s okay to flirt with you like you’re not. You guys are my family, not there’s. I don’t like feeling like I always have to share you guys.”
And that stopped Steve. Tony, loved him? What? Since when? Steve quickly snapped back to reality, going back to trying to get Tony calmed down.
“Well, why not?” Steve said, getting a little defensive. “He knows we’re married, but that never seems to stop him from hitting on you at every opportunity. Maybe having me around will actually make him think twice about it.”
“You don’t have to do that yet,” Bruce said, “but you have to actually do stuff with Tony that doesn’t include things only teammates do.”
“Sir, it is okay for you to now put the arc reactor back in place.”
“Not really though. Both are super dangerous and could kill him. I’m not saying the Spiderman stuff is negating what happened last night; it actually makes me more worried,” Steve mumbled into his coffee, causing Tony to sit up a bit straighter, eyes widening.
“First a more important question. Are we more, or are you still done with me?” Steve asked. “I think I know the answer, but not asking explicitly already bit me in the butt once today. I don’t really want it to happen again.”
“Bucky and I like the ballet.”
It was one of the only ones that Steve had actually seen, as it was one of the only ones Tony had in front of the entire team. He wasn’t sure if he was glad that he didn’t see the majority of them, or if he was hurt by it. It’s not that he wanted to see Tony in pain, but it was starting to feel like he was avoiding Steve. They were on good terms before the incident and were close. Steve was even starting to develop feelings for the genius, not that he would ever admit it.
"A break?" Steve had been hoping to try and convince Tony to watch a movie tonight as well, though that might have included the rest of the team once they got back.
Tony shrugged, still looking at all the wrapping materials.
"Helping you?"
"That was nearly a month ago, though. Why didn't you mention anything sooner?"
“I guess I’ll just take a break,” She said, though she still seemed reluctant to the idea. Tony smile though, and pulled her into a hug, kissing her on top of her head.
"Will you go on a date with me?"
“Please, let me go. Please please pleasepleaseplease,” Tony whimpered, still trying to tug away.
“Really? I couldn’t tell by how willing you’ve been to let Peter and I be with other people,” Tony said, more with concern than actual bite. Steve sagged a bit at what Tony was saying, knowing he was right.
“Fuck off Rogers,” he said, leaving Steve looking dumbfound and completely confused in the living room.
"I was wondering when you were finally going to ask me out."
There was a pause between them. Steve didn’t let go of Tony’s hand, but Tony also made no move to try and pull away.
“Fine. But can we at least put some clothes on first. I don’t really want to have this conversation when we’re only in our boxers.”
"You didn't think to check with people first?" Tony chuckled. "You're usually quite the planner." Steve blushed. Could Tony tell something was up?
“Yeah, I don’t think there is anything more I could have asked for.” Steve responded, turning to look at his grinning husband. He bent down a bit to give him a kiss, not being able to hold back as he was so overwhelmed with how happy he felt about tonight. When he pulled back, he smiled as well.
“Then you better just come with me now, and then I won’t know how little sleep you got and make you start catching up right away.” Isabel sighed, knowing he wasn’t going to budge on this. He watched as she thought for a minute, before finally speaking up.
As Tony’s breathing started to turn normal, and he wasn’t shaking anymore, Steve slowly let go of him, giving Tony the freedom to sit up and look at Steve face to face as equals, instead of underneath him.
“Is this supposed to be what I think it is?”
"You know Tony left five minutes ago, right?" Steve was taken from his thoughts by Natasha's voice.
, so we went with another Robin Williams classic,” Matt explained.
“Oh, of course. But why are there six different sets of them?”
“Then why not do something about it?”
Steve, on the other hand, was not doing as well as his husband. Everyone always seemed to want a piece of his husband and his child, and he was not happy about it. Whether it was everyone wanting to meet and play with the new baby, or someone needing Tony for SI stuff or whatever, it seemed like he could never spend time with just his husband and their son, and it was wearing on him. Steve was snippier with people and did whatever he could to make sure Tony and Peter were either in the Tower or with him, though he preferred for both to be true.
“Can yo-“
Steve whipped around, seeing Tony looking over his shoulder from behind the chair he was sitting in.
Both stared at each other in silence, Tony trying to deep breathe to calm himself. He didn’t want to push Steve away. He wanted to be with Steve, but so much information was being thrown at Tony, it was taking him a little while to process. Steve eventually got up from the couch and walked closer to wear Tony was, and grabbed both of his hands.
Tony's eyes snapped open on a gasp, his entire body trembling when Steve kept talking in that low, soothing voice.
They both knew that neither of them was going to last long during the initial round, so Tony didn't hold back at all when he felt that familiar tension building in his gut, ratcheting up into a pressure that pulled his balls tightly against his body, made his skin tingle and his cock burn until –
Tony yelped, whipping around with his blowtorch raised – only to find Steve sitting on the workshop couch, not even looking at him. “Fucking hell! When the fuck did you get here?”
“Good.” Tony shivered when a single finger slid along his jawline, tracing his beard until it reached the hollow of Tony's throat. “Strip.”
“And you call
Steve felt Tony's hands feather-light against his neck and opened his eyes to Tony's gentle smile before Tony leaned down and pressed their mouths together.
“You want to know what I thought about doing every time you gave me that look?”
They sat like that for so long that Tony's feet went numb, but he wouldn't have moved for the world, leaning on Steve's shoulder with his eyes closed as a bone-deep calm washed over him, finally slowing his racing heartbeat.
Steve jerked, eyes snapping open when he realized where exactly that had come from, glancing over at the doll. It was still lying next to him, exactly where he'd left it the night before, its eyes staring unseeingly up at the ceiling.
“It's that awful b.o,” Sam stage-whispered to Natasha, and Clint flipped him the bird as they started to file out of the room. Bruce caught Steve's eye on the way out, giving him a grateful smile that Steve returned. The Hulk had really saved Steve's ass out there, and Steve had returned the favor by insulting Bruce as soon as he'd turned back. Luckily he'd only needed the one to break Bruce's spell, much to both of their relief.
Steve didn't know how to pretend that he didn't love him.
“I can see that you’re not fucking me.” Steve looked up to meet Tony’s eyes, swallowing at the lazy smirk on his lips. “Come on. Give it to me.”
“You're lucky I love you.”
Clint laughed. “Oooh, I'm getting lucky tonight, boys.”
Bucky's mouth snapped shut, twisting into a confused frown. Tony smiled wryly.
“Wait, Clint, we don't know if the –“ Steve sighed. “And he's gone. Great.”
“You'll probably get your turn at some point. We rotate piloting duty as we see fit.”
“Wait, really?” Finally, there was the concern Tony was looking for. “That’s awful, Tones, I’m sorry.”
“I think she'd prefer my liver with a nice chianti,” Steve said drily, and Tony snorted. “No, she's fine. We brought Clint along on that last stretch, so she's been a lot happier. I think we both needed a break from sitting on top of each other all day.”
Goodbye. And thank you.
“And I'm in love with Tony. Good thing we cleared that up.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “People jump out of cakes and boxes all the time.”
Everything was going to be fine.
Deep down he knew that he was wasting both of their time by not being honest, by letting Tony think that his hesitation was temporary and that they would have sex eventually. He knew he should just come clean.
“Does it matter?”
He didn't bother knocking, knowing full well that Steve always kept his door unlocked. Lo and behold Steve was sitting on the couch reading a book, looking up at him with a smile and doing a double-take when Tony marched straight past him to the bedroom.
, so comforting… It was probably ridiculous, but even though Steve had been the one away Tony felt like he was finally coming home.
“I think he's going to be happy with
“Yes.” The sound had barely left his lips before Tony was covering them with his own, pulling him closer as he all but bent Steve backwards over his arm with a hunger that took Steve's breath away. He'd never been kissed like this, like there was a drought and his lips bore the taste of fresh water in a desert. Tony's tongue was hot, claiming Steve's mouth like it belonged there, and Steve let himself get swept away in the moment, relaxing into Tony's hold as he gave back as good as he got.
He tossed his phone to the side after she hung up, sinking down into the couch as he pulled up Netflix for a nice, relaxing evening, his fingers trailing down to scratch his balls.
“How do you usually do it?”
“Because you know me.” Tony smiled when Steve pulled him in for a kiss that went from chaste to filthy very fast. They could’ve probably taken it further, but Tony was content to let Steve keep the pace slow until they were just breathing the same air, his head pillowed on Steve’s shoulder.
He arched his back, trying to push down on Steve's cock, but the motion just made his chest rub against Steve's, sending a stinging rush of pleasure through his raw nipples –
Tony walked over without thinking, dropping to his knees right between Steve’s legs, and the feeling of Steve’s hands on his shoulders made the dam spill over, pulling a whimper from his throat when Steve wrapped him up in his arms.
“I'm always prepared to get down and dirty, Steve. Thought you knew that by now.”
to,” he said quietly, averting his eyes. “I
The_Captain was online, but it still took over a minute for him to reply,
“Hey, guys!” They looked up to see Rhodey pulling Sam to his feet, Clint already bouncing on his toes behind them. “We're going to shoot some pool. Anyone wanna come?”
Toni shook her head. “Yeah, no. No quick fuck is worth the tabloid headlines. Not even when I can bounce quarters off that ass.”
“Sorry,” Steve stammered as he tried to push himself back up, but Tony wrapped his arms around his neck, hanging on like a limpet until Steve lowered himself back down, much more cautiously this time. “Tony?”
“I, uh. I think I...”
Fairport, NY 14450
“Sorry, sorry,” he said when Steve's face very subtly fell. “Just – that's the most cliché pick-up line I've heard in a while.”
“Alright. Get ready for the ride of your life, big guy.”
through him, zinging through his body and gathering low in his gut. He was quickly getting wet, his cock a firm line against his thigh, and Steve could probably smell it by now, his eyes dark when he looked up at Tony, still licking at his leaking nipple.
Afterwards Steve walked him all the way to his doorstep and kissed him on the cheek before he wished him good night. Tony lay awake for a long time, trying to deal with the lingering feeling of Steve’s lips pressed against his skin.
Steve hadn't moved at all for the past few minutes, and Tony slowly blinked his eyes open to check on him, his heart clenching when he saw the serene smile on Steve's face. God, he looked so
“Shh,” Steve said, and Tony felt his chest hitch in response, wetting the corners of his eyes. “It’s okay. I’m here.”
Steve bent down, ducking his head in the water to quickly rinse out his hair before he climbed out of the pond and reached for his –
“Yes. Exactly.”
Tony was close already, his cock raw and throbbing where he was pumping it through Steve's fist, still woefully short of where he wanted to reach. He could do it, he knew he could. He'd done it before, fucked his cock all the way up the length of Steve's, made him feel it.
“Shut up.” Steve finished his porridge in a few more bites, putting a couple of bills down on the table as he stood up. “Feel like going for a walk?”
“I can take care of it,” Tony ground out, but Steve tilted his head up with a firm grip on his neck as he slid off the bed and onto his knees in front of Tony.
Thaddeus E. Ross
“Huh?” Tony could barely pull his focus away from Steve to acknowledge the rest of the room, his thoughts moving slow like he was treading through molasses. Steve made a soft noise, and Tony honed in on it like a beacon, desperate to do
Steve opened one eye to look at him, a cheeky smirk on his lips. "What?"
It is doooone! I'm so happy, but a little sad at the same time. Despite the hiccup near the end there I had an absolute blast writing this fic and I'm so glad to see that a lot of you are still here. Thank you so so so much for all of the comments and kudos, they're what motivated me to keep writing.
“What do we say?”
"Harsh." Tony nodded at the bed. "Sit down. I don't have all day."
Showtime.
, what the hell? “How can you say that? I
“Did Dr. Yinsen not tell you?” Tony shook his head, and Steve sighed, giving him a rueful smile. “I'm sorry, I assumed that he would have told you about the procedure. Allow me to explain.”
“Ah, you're all set, wonderful,” Steve said cheerfully, and Tony tried not to stare as Steve rolled up his sleeves, revealing attractively tan forearms. Jesus Christ, he needed to get a grip. “Let's get you in position, then I can start the machine.”
“I'm sorry,” Steve whimpered like he hadn't even heard him, his face twisting into a pained grimace as tears ran down his cheeks. “Oh god –“
Tony looked up when the door opened – and fought not to allow his body to tense up at the sight of the alpha that stepped into the room, a clipboard under his arm and a white coat draped over his distractingly broad shoulders.
years under SHIELD.
Branch Clerk of Court
“How so?”
Jesus Christ. Who knew that this kind of earnest joy would end up being her Achille's heel?
“I'm twenty-four years older than you,” she finally said, and Steve's eyes flashed, his grip tightening.
A phone rang. Ms. Potts discretely checked her phone under the table, grimacing for a split second before she gave Steve an apologetic smile. “I'm so sorry, I have to take this. Do you mind...?”
If he was lucky he'd have the rest of a lifetime to do it.
He felt around for a bit, trying out different angles as she directed him, but eventually his movements got smoother as he got used to the motion, keeping up the angle that made her squirm on his hand. Toni couldn't hold in a moan at a particularly good stroke, and saw Steve's face light up with a proud grin.
“I’m sorry,” he choked out, and Steve hummed, pressing a kiss to his temple before he pulled Tony further into his arms, almost lifting him up off the floor.
“Hey.”
“Not one for sweeping gestures? That's alright, not everyone's into chivalry,” Tony said, trying to lighten the mood, and luckily Steve took a deep breath and gave him a smile that looked a little less tense this time.
“Well.” Steve glanced back inside the stall, nodding at the clean floor. “Good thing your come's invisible t– hey!”
Tony was silent for a moment before he spoke, his voice a little shaky. "Wow. If I didn't know any better I'd say that's a nice proposal speech, Cap."
He was aware of the hush that had fallen over the room as Charles gestured at the two empty chairs on his right. Tony sat down, purposely relaxing into the chair as to not let on how nervous he was. Luckily he didn't have a heartbeat to give him away anymore. “Nice place you got here.”
need backup. And if they could save the others from being thrown into prison like this – “Fine. If everyone agrees to your terms I won't stand in the way of things.”
- The Avengers know about their relationship and support them. All of them live together in the tower.
“Ah, fuck it, I said active duty. Where else was he gonna go?” He handed her his notes and she glanced at them for a second before she sighed, shaking her head.
Tony took a deep breath, laying his hands flat on his thighs. “For your information, no, I do not enjoy those outings, yes, I will continue to go to them for Obie's sake, and no, I don't plan on bonding with any of the alphas there. Does that answer your questions?”
SHIELD contracts were messy. Tony would know, he'd signed a tangential one himself and therefore made JARVIS scrounge up all the dirty details he could find on multiple of their more disagreeable clauses. Which there were a lot of, no surprises there. But one of them had especially stood out to him as he was skimming the results.
So, I know a lot of you guys are... let's say displeased with Steve's actions in the last chapter. I promise he has a reason for not contacting Tony, just hold on a little longer. The next few chapters will explain things a little more. Thank you so much for reading and I hope you enjoy this one!
It took him a couple of seconds to get his body to move after that, but when he finally managed to turn his head Steve was standing right next to him, bent down to check his eyes.
, his fingers sliding up Tony's spine, fluttering down his sides, squeezing his thighs. It seemed like he couldn't stop touching Tony, couldn't get enough of Tony's skin under his hands, and Tony would be lying if he said it wasn't a huge ego boost.
He almost didn't notice when Steve pulled his fingers out, but the blunt pressure of Steve's cock brought him back to awareness just enough to spread his legs wider, his stomach curling with the anticipation of something finally filling that hollow void inside him –
The sound went straight to Steve's cock, which was – well. Steve probably wouldn't be able to hide how much he
Tony bit his lip, his throat suddenly dry. “I –“ He hesitated, and after a long moment Steve's palm cracked across his ass, drawing a pained yelp from him. “Oh,
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if he touched himself to this.
"I served three tours in Afghanistan," Steve blurted out, wanting to slap himself in the mouth a second later, but Mr. Stark only paused for a moment before he nodded, his eyes shining with genuine interest. Perhaps that was what gave Steve the strength to keep going. "I have trouble... I mean it's just – people are – a lot, sometimes." He took a deep breath, folding his hands in his lap. "I'm getting better, but. I have bad days. And, well –"
expand, stretching around nothing, and when he lowered his head he could see his walls clenching down on the clear silicone –
“Oh shit!”
you there, Tony. But if you end up hurt because of me –”
Dear Mr Secretary,
But, fuck, if Steve's hands already felt this good just touching his
“Oh. You
that flopped all over his hands as he waved it at Steve. “I knew this would come in handy!”
“Stop that,” Sam snapped at Bucky, pointedly stepping back up into his space. “Alright, what do you got, Barnes? Let's go right now.”
“Well, then you better figure it out soon. Because if you lead that poor guy on for too long it's going to be really awkward working with him in the future.”
“Hey, I won't judge you. Even if you – you know, if you like it
“But!” Tony's eyes looked stoic, but Steve could still see a sliver of fear underneath. “After that you let me go. Deal?”
Wait.
“Holy shit.”
“Tech. I'm a bit of a nerd. Don't tell anyone,” Tony said, not quite sure why he wasn't giving him a more impersonal answer, but Steve's eyes lit up as he smiled at Tony.
Tony could feel an amused smile stealing its way onto his face. “Are you
, right here in the flesh – “First of, thank you so much for participating in our beta testing phase and taking the time to give us this interview. We're very happy to have you.”
back hurt. “When you're not on the internet, that is?”
Tony gave him a grateful nod, turning back to the proceedings where the judge was just shuffling up onto the stand, about to start the trial.
“I can prove it!” Steve cut in, leaning down to rummage through his bag. He held up a hand when Tony started backing away, ignoring the frisson of hurt in his chest at the thought that Tony was afraid of him. “I'm just getting my sketchbook.”
The vibration stopped, and Tony huffed a sigh of relief as he let himself melt into the table, losing all strength in his limbs. Holy shit.
“Mhm,” Tony hummed, his cheek rubbing against Steve's as he leaned into a proper kiss. With his eyes closed it felt exactly the same as normal. What wasn't normal was the hand he could feel slipping down the back of his pants to grab his ass.
“That’s alright.” Steve could already hear the slick sounds of Tony stroking himself, but when he glanced up the sight still made his stomach twist with arousal. “I'll be right there with you. Just fuck me.”
"Alright," Steve said a little dazedly, letting Mr. Stark lead him out of the room. It still felt surreal to see him, so familiar and yet a total stranger. Steve didn't really know how to feel as he watched Mr. Stark from the corner of his eye, nodding along to whatever he was saying because he couldn't hear him over the ringing in his ears. One thing was crystal clear to him though.
“You –“ Tony's voice was small, and Steve's stomach lurched when Tony's eyes actually filled with
Clint made a mock gagging noise as he turned and walked towards the door. “Alright, that's my cue. Have fun with your circle jerk, losers!”
New format, yay! I'm always really self-conscious when I write this kind of official government-y language so I hope I did okay here xD If you spot any mistakes in phrasing or something, don't hesitate to tell me, I'd love some feedback. Thank you so much for reading!
“It's alright, seriously. I've done one-on-ones before, remember?”
When he got to the common rooms Steve was already there, his back turned to the door as he put down his travel bag, and when Tony walked in Steve looked up to give him a smile -
Steve sucked in a breath through his nose as he swallowed Tony deeper, probably to get him to shut up. Tony smirked.
Steve almost swallowed his tongue when Tony did it again, rubbing him furiously for a couple of seconds before stopping abruptly. The rattling of the car around them completely covered the noise that Tony's hand made on the fabric, but if he kept this up Steve sure as hell wasn't going to be able to keep quiet.
x-----------------------------------------x
“I'm counting on it, big guy.”
“And what exactly am I evading, Mr. Higgins?”
I missed Bucky. And the cats. So here you go, I hope you enjoy it!
“Tony.”
“He's the temperamental sort, isn't he?” Dr. Yinsen asked, and Tony snorted before he could keep himself in check. Luckily the doctor didn't comment on his outburst beyond a polite smile as he sat down in the chair opposite Tony's, picking up a small notebook and a pen. “So, Tony. Why don't you tell me about your day?”
Steve's breathing caught, and Tony realized with a start that he could feel Steve's chest hitching against his back, almost as if – oh fuck.
“Oh! Oh no, don't worry, I couldn't
the doll.”
Tony smiled, his limbs still pleasantly sore in the afterglow as he reached up to put his hands on Steve's chest. “Just that? Nothing dirty?”
And Tony moaned again, loud and unashamed in a way that made Steve's skin prickle with heat at the same time as it made icy tendrils of fear swirl in his stomach.
“Steve?” He looked up, his heart dropping when he saw the unhappy frown marring Tony's brow. “You're not into this at all, are you?”
Steve nodded quickly, feeling around for the lube with one hand as he leaned up to kiss Tony again, his whole body trembling when Tony raked his nails down his back.
"I must say, you clean up very nicely, Mr Barnes."
Please proceed with caution and follow the response protocol detailed in the Sokovia Accords, section 4, article 14, §1-6. Regular updates on the progress of this mission must be forwarded to both me and the UN General Assembly.
“I want to see you too,” she said quietly, and he immediately reached for his undershirt, pulling it carelessly over his head. Toni had seen him naked before, during an unfortunate biohazard incident, but nothing could've prepared her for how it would feel to be this close to him, having him bare himself to her solely for the sake of pleasure.
Tony thought about it for a second before he shrugged. “I like a lot of filling, I guess. That's always the best part to fuck into.”
Holy shit.
, Steve! Who the fuck else are you going to ask for help?”
– fuck, Tony was still not over that.
“Well, my first thought was the armor, but the ridges don't feel all that good. Trust me, I've tried.”
“Obviously.” Pepper's lips curled up in a smile as she stood, straightening her blouse. “Come on, we have a board meeting in half an hour.”
Steve
make him moan and lower his head, watching through the gap between Steve's legs as a line of pre-come dripped from his cock onto the floor. God, he wanted to touch himself so badly. Better yet, have
“And thank fuck for that.” He grinned when Steve's hand twitched, trying to reach for him, but couldn't even jostle the chains of his shackles. Apparently Steve's limbs were still closer to limp noodles than actually functional.
“You think that'll work?” Steve asked a little dubiously and Tony smirked.
“You ruined my orgasm, you fucking prick.”
“Prince T'Challa. It's an honor.”
Steve nodded as he followed Tony's example, tugging his pants down his thighs before he stepped out of them. Tony was pleased to note that he was already hard, his cock thick and flushed. Then again, with the serum it didn't take much to get Steve going. “Do you straddle it? Or –“
Now the second version of the ending of this fic is finally here and holy fucking shit do I just want to get it over and done with. I never imagined how draining it would be to write something that you’ve already written before but I don’t wish it on anyone because boy fucking howdy I wanted to rip all of my hair out. I keep thinking that the old version was so much better even though I can't remember why that is, so if by some miracle I ever recover that one, this and the last chapter may be under construction in the future.
He unconsciously counted five heart beats before Steve took a deep breath and started walking away. “Alright. I'll pick you up at eight next Tuesday.”
“Aw, poor baby,” she cooed, reaching up to pet his cheek. “You want to come, huh?”
“I guess so,” Tony said and Steve squeezed his hands before he let go to sit up a little straighter.
The look Steve gave him turned contemplating for a split second before he seemed to shake it off, turning until he was seated sideways on the couch, mirroring Tony's position. “What about you? What do you do? I mean.” Steve waved a hand at their surroundings. “When you're not doing this.”
Steve woke up before his morning alarm, his body still soft and lax with sleep. He grumbled under his breath as he pushed his head back into the cushions, rubbing his forehead against – wait a second.
“You never even tried it?” Bucky asked dubiously. “Really?”
“Right.” Pepper eyed him for a moment longer before she leaned into his side and rested her head on his shoulder. Tony wrapped an arm around her and tried to ignore the lump in his throat as it suddenly started to sink in that he was going to meet this guy – and probably suck him off – in two weeks time.
“Never,” Steve said, voice hitching on a gasp when Tony got a hand around his cock. It twitched in his grip and Tony hid a smile in Steve’s shoulder at the way Steve immediately started thrusting into his fist.
Steve's hand came down on his ass like the crack of a whip, and all of a sudden the knot in Tony's chest loosened, because if
“I never asked. And it's not like –“ Tony heard the implications a second later, whipping around to glare right at Steve's innocent face. “No.”
Tony's shirt was
“Just be glad that you don't have to deal with that asshole,” Tony sighed as he walked into the kitchen to pour himself a glass of milk. He needed something to calm him down after that ordeal. “Anyway, how's DC? Did Nat eat your heart yet?”
“Whatever you say,” Steve said nonchalantly, and Tony couldn't resist whirling around and dragging Steve close with both arms around his neck to lay one on him, quick and dirty. By the time he pulled back Steve looked more than a little dazed, and Tony grinned smugly as he pulled out of his arms, twinkling his fingers over his shoulders as he walked off.
Steve didn't rut during the two weeks they spent in the cabin. It wasn't a slight against Tony's ego exactly, but in some ways it confirmed the underlying fear that he'd harbored since the moment he decided to screw common sense and give Steve and him a chance.
Tony grunted, then tilted his hips until he could press his balls to the metal along with his cock, whimpering under his breath at the sensation. It was as if his blood was churning, gathering in a pit right below his stomach to form a massive knot of heat that pulsed and pumped pleasure all the way to the tips of his toes. It felt almost the same way as a cock hitting his prostate did, but like this Tony felt so much
Clint whistled. “Oh yeah, I heard. The Iron Cougar, was it? Gonna pull out the old whip?”
Tony made a non-committal noise as he stared out the window, his thoughts unwittingly drifting back to the doctor. Steveprobably
“Then you can have that, sweet thing. Whatever you want.”
Jesus Christ. Where the hell did Sam find this guy?
“You don't need to hold back. Not with me. I promise.”
“Oh no, we’re watching the Hobbit. Scoot over, fatass.”
Tony snorted, punching Steve in the shoulder. “I
“No, this –“ Steve grunted on the next thrust, reaching down to grab Tony’s fist and make it tighter. “That’s perfect.”
You think Captain Rogers will require persuasion?
Tony pulled away just enough to look at Steve, their arms still loosely wrapped around each others' waists. “She was –“ He averted his eyes, smiling as memories came flooding in. “So stubborn. She didn't give an inch, not on anything. I always thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world.”
“Oh, he is.” Was Steve seriously going to – “So how's the weather in New York?”
The woman looked over at the man in the corner, then back at Steve before she gave him a weary smile. “Of course. You're the participant who received the TON-E, aren't you?”
“Okay.” Steve cleared his throat. “Okay.”
“I do.” Tony blinked in surprise, looking up at Steve who was steadfastly staring at the wall. “I feel... I don't know. Restless. Like something's simmering inside me.” He let out a shaky breath. “It's not anywhere close to actually – you know, yet, but – it's there.”
Tony could feel the presence of other vampires at their backs, and he didn't need to feel the sudden tension in Steve's muscles to know that they were in danger. They had to get out of here before –
. Tony groaned when Steve leaned down and licked the nipple he wasn't rolling between his fingers, fitting his mouth around it and
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yes, mother.” He grinned when Steve leaned down to nuzzle his bonding gland, kissing the mark he’d left there on their one-year anniversary. “This is going to be amazing. You’ll see.”
If Stark succeeds we won't have to.
“Okay.” He sounded almost breathless with want, and Toni smiled when she felt him prod around for the opening before he tentatively pushed his finger inside. His breathing hitched. “Shit. You're really warm.”
He choked, his entire body jostling when Tony suddenly sped up, ramming into him so hard that Steve thought he would pass out for a second –
Might require an ultimatum.
“Whoa wait, slow down,” Bucky cut him off. “What's happening?”
“Tony, I don't think –“
“Wher'y goin'?” Steve mumbled, and Tony shushed him with a gentle kiss across Steve's brow that made the tiny lines there smooth out.
Steve stepped over to the table behind Tony, putting his hand on the flat, wooden surface. “You'll be lying down right here, face-down on the table. I have pillows to make it more comfortable if you need them.” He tapped the sphere sticking out through the wood – some kind of metal, judging by the sound it made. “This is the massager. With the way you'll be positioned, your pelvis will rest right on top of it to get the maximum effect of the massage.”
Tony froze for a second as he seemed to process that before he nodded. “Okay. Can you tell me... What do you mean, it doesn't feel right?”
“Isabel, please.” Finally, she turned to look at him again. He smiled at her, a warm one, trying to convey that he wasn’t the enemy here, and he wasn’t trying to just be mean.
“Where’s Bruce?” Tony asked, noticing the other scientist missing.
At that, Steve knew Tony had won. As much as he didn’t want to let Tony go to the meeting without him, he definitely wasn’t ready to leave Peter with anyone else. Tony sighed, standing up with Peter, and walking to his husband. He gave Steve a quick peck on the cheek before cupping his face and connecting their gaze.
“That’s… actually not a bad idea.”
“That’s why we rented the place out. No one else will see us, and I already know you’re an idiot so it’s fine.”
Tony rolled his eyes, before cooing to Peter, “Daddy’s getting a little possessive now, isn’t he? Isn’t he?” Peter giggled and squirmed little happy baby squirms, happily agreeing to whatever had dad was saying.
Tony noticed, but he let it slide for the most part. Coughed it up to getting used to the major life change that having a child brought. Tony let Steve do what he needed to do and didn’t say much of it. Sometimes he would tease him a little, make fun of him for getting so protective, but he would always try to indulge his husband. He kept letting it slide, until one day, he couldn’t.
“Well,” Steve said, “now that we’re back we think it’s time for a break. Eat some lunch and watch a movie and nap, and then you guys can get back to studying.”
Steve chuckled. “Of course. I can put some coffee on as well if you’d like.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “I didn’t forget, and I
“Whatever you need. I’m gonna go wrap gifts in my studio, so I’ll be home. Let FRIDAY know if you need me, or anything else. Okay?” Tony nodded, meaning it was Steve’s cue to leave.
Natasha picked up one of the cookies and looked at it intently.
“Not great, but I didn’t want to lie in bed anymore.”
Maybe some of Steve’s holiday ideas weren’t as planned out as he thought they had been.
“I can’t Tony, I’m so sorry. You need to breathe though. It’ll be over soon and I can put the arc reactor back in once you are breathing normally again. Can you breathe with me Tony? Please?”
Tony was screaming at this point, begging him not to touch the arc reactor.
It took a minute for Peter to connect everything that his father had said, but once he saw the deep worry from Steve and Tony being close to tears, it hit him.
“Yeah, okay, you’re right. I’ll go get lunch started.”
4 years. It’ll be 4 years in February. And the first one we were called on to Avengers stuff, so that doesn’t really count, the second one you were in the hospital, and last year-” Steve hesitated at that one. They were together in New York during last Christmas, but the holidays were a mere afterthought as they were still working on repairing their relationship after The Accords. “I just want to go all out this year. It’ll be nice to be able to focus on the fun of the holidays for once.”
“What?”
“It’s not like we were exclus-“
“FRIDAY, can you tell everyone who’s in the tower to come to the kitchen, please? They need to help us decorate cookies.” Steve asked as he pulled out multiple bowls to put different colored icings in.
"Well I appreciate it. This will be a perfect break to a lousy day. Now hand me a piece of seaweed."
“At the table. Pick at least 20 cookies to decorate and I’ll bring over the decorating stuff.”
“What? Is there something else?” Peter wondered. Steve and Tony looked at each other as if having their own silent conversation before Steve spoke up again.
“It just seems like it’s been less rebellion and more dangerous recklessness,” Steve spoke, “A lot of unnecessary risks that could have caused some serious harm to yourself. We’re just worried that there’s more to this than just being curious and rebellious, especially because of the stress you’ve been under lately.”
“I think this joke is gonna be our number one rule,” Steve explained, “but I think Elvis was wrong. We need a little more conversation and a little less action to make this work.”
Had Steve made the right choice?
“Please! Leave it alone, IT’S NOT YOURS!”
But Tony seemed to be getting better. He was tired a lot, sure, but he wasn’t holing up in the lab or his room with Bruce and Nat anymore. He didn’t seem as jumpy in general and was able to feel a panic attack coming, and would leave and do his breathing exercises to get him through them, and then come back and join the group as best he could. He was even starting to go back to some of his bad habits again, even though everyone always tried to stop him. And he was starting to talk to Steve again, which was what made Steve the happiest. Tony just made Steve happy.
Tony sighed but walked over to the tree to see the tiny wrapped square under the tree. Grabbing it, he looked at the name on the paper.
It started with paparazzi following them everywhere. No one could leave Avengers tower without being mobbed by cameras, all of them hoping to get a shot of Steve or Tony with the baby. Even when they did manage to leave the tower with Peter, the peace didn’t usually last more than 15 minutes before someone had spotted them and started hounding them. It led to Steve and Tony having to schedule all outings with Peter very carefully, and often at odd times of the day.
“Did I do something? To make you not want to do this anymore? Or make you think I didn’t want it anymore?”
“Please look at me, Isabel.”
“I’m not trying to I swear, I j-“
“Well, that part of the surprise sho-“
Tony grinned, but a little differently than his usual smile. "On one condition."
“Wasn’t a question kiddo. Matt said you two weren’t taking any breaks, so now we’re making you take one. Besides, it’s not healthy or useful to study without any breaks.”
“We’ll deal with them, you just go relax. I love you,” Tony said, hearing an, ‘I love you too’ as his son walk to the living room. Tony sighed once he was out of sight, turning back to Steve.
Tony could tell Steve was trying to catch his eyes, but he was feeling petulant and refused to look at them.
"Good. Now where do you want to go? If you're not too tired, now might be a good time to go, so we can keep it a secret from the rest of the team."
“It’s okay, I don’t need it.” Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s response, before just wrapping Tony up in the scarf himself.
“And how many cups of coffee have you had since then?”
“It’s nothing,” he insisted. “It’s probably not going to last much longer anyway.”
“I love you,” Steve said, before getting up and heading out of the room, heading to his art studio so that he could start wrapping gifts.
Now, hours later, Tony was lying in Steve’s bed, thinking about his dilemma. Thinking about the easiest way to break things off.
“That’s right kiddo,” Tony spoke up. “Now come over here so we can get you guys some skates.”
“Of course I was. When am I ever not?”
“We know you tried your best, but you also have to take care of yourself. Have you at least been taking care of yourself?”
“No, don’t do that,” Steve said, trying to keep Tony focused. Steve tried to keep their hands together, but Tony was actively pulling them away now. He wasn’t sure, but this one was definitely starting to seem a lot more severe than the other panic attacks he had seen, with Tony starting to beg Steve.
Valentines Day wasn’t a day that Steve and Tony usually put a lot into. They made sure to spend it together if they could, but sometimes Steve had to be on a mission, or Tony had to be somewhere else for Stark Industry stuff, and usually it was more about having fun with it for the kids, so neither of them put a ton of weight on it in their relationship.
“Knowing Friday as well as I do, considering I created her and everything, I’m betting she kept track of exactly how much coffee you drank and how much sleep you got. So, you can either come with me to take a break from studying now, and you can eat and watch a movie and take a nap, and then go back to studying after; I’ll even help you study and do a practice exam with you if you’d like. Or, I can ask Friday exactly how much coffee and sleep you’ve had the past few days, and if you’ve had more cups of coffee than you have hours of sleep, then you’ll be taking a break until after school tomorrow so you can catch up on sleep and get some of the caffeine out of your system.” Isabel looked at him wide-eyed as he finished speaking.
It’s not that Tony didn’t like spending time with the Avengers, it’s just that they thought he was so dang vulnerable (and yeah, maybe he is, but he didn’t like being treated like a child).
since he was four. Tony preferred creating
“We just got called in for some routine mission. No big deal.” Nat sighed and tilted her head. “Sleep more, please, cica?”
“It’s Tony!” He says, having to veer away from the hands that tried to snatch it out of his hand. “I’ve got it! Calm down!” He slid across the screen and hesitantly answered, “Tony?”
He punched Clint in the face.
“I- I thought that the Hulk would be out of commission. But he just- h-he just…”
Tony whimpers at the name, but uncovers his face. His eyes are red and his face is damp. The sight makes Steve’s heart surge, wanting nothing more than to just drop the conversation and somehow make everything all better. Steve moves from his place on the coffee table to sit next to Tony on the huge couch, placing a comforting hang on the omega’s lower back as he continues.
The men around the room gape at him in disbelief, as though it is news to them that their CEO discontinued their weapons production months ago.
Amy, a beautiful middle-aged brunette who is definitely not paid enough to deal with Tony’s BS, rolls her eyes. “You’re having a meeting with HammerTech about a partnership offer. And you’re late.”
instead. i warned you.
Tony didn’t end up taking a nap. He actually ended up locking himself in his workshop and continued building something that he didn’t understand. He closed the new curtains he bought from IKEA around the glass doors and windows on the wall of his workshop. After all, every teenager needed his privacy.
Steve’s arm wraps around Tony’s back and tugs him into a hug. “I don’t want to take any of it back.” Steve admits lowly and the omega relaxes into the hug. They stay there for a moment. Comfortable, happy, and content.
The boy scoffs. “I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“Frankly, I think I should be the one saying that to you. Y’all are the reason he ran off, right? Y’all betrayed him or went into his business or some shit like that, huh?” Peter stated, eyes narrowed and voice gravely. The entire room was silent, the air filling with an obnoxious sense of guilt. Steve knows that the man’s right, that he and the others pushed Tony to do this but god damn it- Steve just didn’t think cute, adorable, innocent little Tony Stark would ever do something like this. “That’s what I thought.” Peter said finally.
“We have an insider over at STANE industries. She has some interesting things to say about Mr. Stane and his relationship with Mr. Hammer. Nothing worth getting into right now, but she has information and we need it.” Phil gave Tony an expecting look, “That’s where you come in.”
“Of course I will Tony. Nothing bad is going to happen to you, okay? We’re going to find out what happened, okay? I will
Tony doesn’t know if he likes the idea of fighting anymore.
to see Natasha, crouched low, and eyes narrowed.
“Whoa there, little tike.” Clint says, catching him and straightening him up.
He had wanted to believe Steve’s words. For once in his life, Tony wishes that he was wrong.
He didn’t even think the party he would have to attend for Justin Hammer or the sudden appearance of his father’s old friend.
Justin laughs obnoxiously, “Right, cause’ friends drag you home from the bar and scold you for having house parties.” He snorts, “I guess they also put you in dire danger with that villain. Loki, was it?”
Well, if it was, then getting high is definitely not what it was cracked up to be.
The dispute had been just that, Tony guesses. Basically, Justin questioned his ability to uphold his father’s company and Tony punched him in the face in front of about 50 people.
The entire room quieted, and Hulk backed away from him skeptically. “Brother.” Loki scoffed. “If you truly believe that, then would you be threatening my life?”
Tony lets out a breath, glancing up at the room full of avengers around him. “So does anyone want to tell me what’s going on or do I have to guess?”
Hello to everyone reading this story!
He smiled alluringly at her when she finally caught his eye, and she smiled flirtatiously back. He took that as his cue, nudging the man next to him ands smirking, “Duty calls, gentlemen.” The men hooted and gave him pats on the back, again, as if they were all friends.
ANYWAYS. please excuse any errors because i don't do the whole beta thing and it's too late for me to be writing :P
“I’ll take him to his personal doctor.” Coulson nods and thus leads Tony and Pepper, along with four other burly S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, to the SUV parked next to the tape. The policemen try to stop him, claiming that the two need to answer some questions, like what in the hell happened here, but Coulson shows him his badge again and raises his eyebrows. They back off and the small S.H.I.E.L.D. team moved on. The agents cover Tony and Pepper from the civilians and potential paparazzi now taking pictures for the Internet.
“Oh wow.” Tony said, not realizing that he had interrupted the doctor’s analysis. “I guess that guy grabbed me harder than I thought.” He shrugged.
Tony made some sort of growling puppy noise that made Peter want to laugh. “I just- UGH!” He yells, pacing across the floor, exasperated.
“God I can’t believe you guys are snuggling right now.” Clint snorts, breaking the tense silence in the room, only wincing when Nat and Steve’s sharp gazes focus on him. “Sorry, sorry.” He rectifies quickly, hands up defensively. “It’s just 16 year old Tony would have
Steve woke up to a scream.
Tony is silent for a minute and Steve realizes he probably just divulged a little too much information—got a little too emotional. He’s about to open his mouth to apologize, but Tony’s head drops to rest gently on Steve’s shoulder. Instantaneously, Steve relaxes, trying to make himself a more comfortable pillow, allowing one of his arms to tuck around Tony’s waist, holding him in so he doesn’t feel so strained. “Do you think—” Tony cuts himself off like he’s unsure about his next words. “Even if you still went into the ice and he… he lived and grew old without you, would you still want him to? Live and be happy?”
“Pe-Please, Peter!” Tony gasps.
“Idiotic.”
“What the fuck did you do to him?” Steve heard Logan yell. Steve looked up to see Hulk bringing Loki up and Logan elongating his claws.
, not Tony Stark. Tony isn’t even sure how a look can convey that and there’s a very good chance he’s just projecting his own feelings onto Steve.
like kiss him.
“Not the point, Captain.”
“No, it was definitely Tony.”
Hours later, Tony was back in his workshop.
Peter flushes bright red and Tony cackles as he evades a light swat. “Shut up, dork. I’m still planning on getting MJ back.”
“Um, yeah, okay.” Tony sputtered, uncomfortable with the way Loki said his name.
The two spies made quick work of closing off the already known and obsolete data (Awards, baby records, business plans, etc). Soon the only things they had left were 3 videos, 2 news articles and tons and tons of doctors’ assessment.
Tony winces sympathetically, placing a comforting hand on the other’s shoulder. “Well, if you’re really passionate about your job, then you probably made the right choice.”
“Hey, you okay?” Clint asks as he catches up with him easily, dropping an arm around Tony’s shoulders. The words are so familiar. Tony can still hear them like the first day they met, when Tony was just fifteen with bruises coloring his jaw and neck. That was the day their tiny pack of two had began—the day Clint had become the first and only person to know about Tony’s
Still no answer. Steve was about to shake the kid when he heard the soft snore. Steve laughed quietly and slowly and gracefully picked Tony up, and laid him on the couch. Steve tried to stand back up, but Tony wouldn’t let him go. Steve was in the middle of prying them off when Tony whimpered.
“No, no, don’t apologize! I was just.. making sure you’re alright.” The alpha says and geez, for a guy who looks the way he does, he’s pretty awkward. It strikes Tony as odd because the alpha clearly has a lot of confidence. Even in the way that he holds himself, legs in a wide stance as if ready for someone to come tackle him at any moment, and huge arms crossed over an equally huge chest,
“It s’ok.” Tony slurred, putting his cold nose into Steve’s neck.
Clint had tried to be in the room with Tony during on of his few lucid moments, but ended up backing out of the room the moment Tony said his name.
Steve’s concerned.
Disclaimer: I offered to sell my soul to the devil for the Avengers but he won’t give them up so… yeah, I don’t own them (yet.)
So it
Лжец - Liar
While the rest of the Avengers and all of S.H.I.E.L.D. were still asking him question after question about what and who happened, Tony just wanted them to understand that he had no clue whatsoever. He remembers pieces, like the voice, the nickname, and certain ominous words that left him obviously freaked out, but not much other than that. Don’t they believe that if he knew anything, that he’d tell them? Does Tony look like the kind of guy that wants a potential psycho killer after him?
He activated his own communicator, “Tony, respond now.” There was no response save for the soft ringing that had been going through his head ever since Natasha shot her gun too close to his ear. “Tony, that’s an order.” He said violently, his growl rivaling Logan’s.
“Sir’s longest amount of time spent consecutively in the lab was 4 weeks ago. He was in the workshop for 58 hours.” Somehow the AI manages to sound disappointed.
“And Tony?” Bruce interjected before he could hang up.
“Fundamental supervisor, and our own personal genius, I’ve heard.” Bruce gave the blushing kid a smile.
Steve lets out a breath. Of course he knows what day it is. Howard and Maria Stark were killed three years ago today. It never ceases to amaze Steve, the way he woke up just mere months after the Starks were killed and just a few weeks before Peggy’s Alzheimer’s would turn her into someone near unrecognizable. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“With all due respect, this is hardly cuddling, Agent.”
“Not a problem at all.” He said in a deep voice, and grabbed Tony’s arm lightly before hee could scamper off. “Sorry, it’s just- is that you, Tony?”
“They called me many things.” She says, her voice soft and almost dream-like, “prizrak,” sometimes “ved’ma.” She’s quiet for another moment. “I think I like to be called Wanda.”
*****
Twink- a young boy (teen-early twenties) who’s skinny with a little bit of muscle and is basically hairless ((Porn definition basically :3))
Bruce then stands from where he was quietly taking in the brewing fight, “Fury says the situation at the tower is under control. What if whoever they caught is the attacker? Maybe they got to them before they could get to Tony. We’re listening to Fury and that’s final.” Bruce states, leaving the two alphas with a serious look before returning to his book in front of him.
As for all of the supporters and fans of this thank you, let’s all get married.
okay SORRY for the cliffhanger but i'm on fall break right now so the chances of me uploading again soon are vvvv likely so i felt okay leaving you guys hanging a lil bit >:)
Justin stares at Tony for a moment before slowly standing. “Well then, I guess I’ll be going.” Hammer turned slowly and walked to the door. Just as he was opening the door he turned back with an “Oh!” he waltzed right back to Tony’s desk and put down a card. It was an invitation. “I’ve already told the press and RSVP that you’ll be there. You’re welcome.” Justin says snidely, knowing full well that now Tony would basically have to show up now. Justin gives Tony one last look, but Tony’s already searching the card intently.
Steve isn't doubting Tony's abilities, he looks genuinely worried in the same way Clint did. Not only is avengers business dangerous stuff, but it would be time consumed and
Fury, who looks like he’s trying his absolute hardest not to outright grin like a normal human being, nods, waving them all away. “All of your things will be transported to Stark tower within the next few hours. You’re all dismissed.”
“We have some suspicions when it comes to HammerTech.” Coulson says simply and Tony’s eyes widen considerably. “There is a Shield agent that has been infiltrating their ranks for several years now and finally has gotten some information that we need to see. It’s come to our attention that you were invited to a HammerTech gala. It isn’t hard for us to get agents into these types of events but our mole has been under suspicion for a long time. This agent won’t be able to talk to random people without drawing more attention to themselves so we needed someone important, someone with a real reason to be there and someone who is inconspicuous.”
Steve looked confused for a second before looking down.
Not quite as long of a chapter but luckily I already have a lot of the next written :) I promise not to leave y'all hanging like I did last time again I was kind of going through it with college and quarantine BUT I'm finding my drive again so yay!
Tony stepped back from his menacing stance, looking nervous, “I-I mean, it sort of comes with the territory… y-you know…”
“Peter stop.” Tony mumbled. “Can you just-“ Tony stopped his question. He then demanded, “Let him go.” He said, still not meeting anyone’s eyes.
“Nice work, small stuff, let’s see it.” Clint says, jumping from his seat and following Tony to the couch.
The chaos in the room dies down a little at his words. “
“He’s eighteen, shouldn’t he have dealt with peer pressure before?” Clint asked, confused.
Logically, Tony thinks to himself, all of the avengers should be crossed off the list of ‘potential HYDRA agents.’
There were resounding grunts of greetings. Natasha stared at the big blonde as he practically pranced about the kitchen, not missing how his hand skimmed across the sliver of bare skin between the bottom of Tony’s shirt and his jeans, nor the younger man’s shiver from the contact.
*****
Steve steps forward, “Mutant. As in, magic powers that could mess with someone’s brain?”
“Yes, Clint. And Welcome.” Bruce said, also amused at Clint’s antics.
Natasha returned the nod and clicked the button underneath the file that said, “OPEN”.
The next time Steve sees Tony, it’s a little after midnight and they’re in the kitchen. “We’re going to talk, Tony.” Steve says, pouncing on Tony, trapping him against the counter with his two hands on wither side of Tony.
the hulk.
Clint raised an eyebrow, “Were you really trying to hide it?”
“Tony?” He asked softly.
Sitting in a stuffy room surrounded by 15 alphas who all think he’s an idiot isn’t exactly Tony’s idea of a great afternoon. At least this time it isn’t about product designs or deadlines. Tony’s required to be there for each meeting since he owns everything, but he doesn’t have to speak much this time. It’s probably everyone’s preference. These older alpha’s tend to get so offended at his presence; when he speaks it’s ten times worse. He can barely go two sentences without getting cut off by one of their “much better” ideas.
“Physically, yes, I think you’re okay, but I still want someone to check up on you. Didn’t JARVIS say there’s a medical bay in the tower somewhere?”
He blinks furiously, swiping a long sleeved arm over his face to brush off the frustrated tears. Damn hormones. He can’t show emotion like this in front of Steve. He has to be calm and collected, or Steve will go full protective alpha mode.
******
Waking up to the Avengers surrounding him on the couch (which he wasn’t even quite sure how he got there) gave him a strange sense of dejavu, and also a not of strange sense of dread.
Maybe that’s why Howard didn’t like Tony.
Tony gave Peter a small smile, “Whatever.” He said lightly. “Wanna play Xbox?”
Steve grins at the slightly defined upper body of the eighteen year old while biting his lip, “Thank God for that.” He says slyly. He walks over and grabs Tony’s neck, pulling him into a short, but heated kiss. “Otherwise I couldn’t do that.”
Yet, she still smiled as she left the room… Bruce, huh?
It’s funny, Tony thinks, that Steve expects Tony to trust him when the alpha is so blatantly
The growling man had stopped, also diverting his attention to Tony. “Let him go, Katniss, he’s only gun’ hurt his fucking self.”
On the floor.
“Watch out, grandpa, your age is starting to show.” Tony counters, laughing loudly and picking up speed as he sees Clint start to give chase.
Tony bites his lip for a second before asking shakily, “Do you not want to be friends anymore?”
“As it happens, sir, Captain Rogers asked me to alert him to your location as soon as you made your way home. You two seem very attuned to one another.”
It’s pretty hard to explain the anger that coursed through them at the sight of Tony knocked out on top of another boy in nothing but his boxer briefs.
Phil smiled sadly at the group, “He’s been through a lot, and he’s changed a lot. For the better.” He adds. “But Tony can be pretty nasty when he wants to be.” Phil says quickly, “Just keep in mind that he basically worships the ground you guys walk on. You don’t want to ruin his view of you, though it may not matter much. Tony has a way of finding good things in bad people.”
The encrypted message comes out soon enough.
“They’re exactly where you left them, Captain.” Loki smiled.
ALLLLSOO if you have any suggestions/ideas/comments on what YOU would like to see happen in this story don’t be afraid to tell mama maryclaire!
Damn.
“No… no….
Steve turns back, making sure to make eye contact with Tony, “But you better be damn sure that I
. Tony can’t do much. Clint and Nat have taught him how to defend himself but he's still
Ten minutes later, of Tony just laying in the bed alone, he realized that yeah, He technically should’ve kept in mind the fact that they were at S.H.I.E.L.D. and that’s fifteen minutes away in a car. Plus, they might not even be done murdering Phil yet, who knows?
call me that.
Peter grinned sarcastically, “Sure, buddy.”
“Bu-“ The woman interjects but Clint gives her a dirty look.
Steve lets go, chuckling weakly as he scratches the back of his neck. “Sorry, I don’t know why I’m acting so—you just smell really anxious.” Steve says, looking embarrassed as he says so.
“As for why I’m nervous let’s just say I’m meeting someone I’ve looked up to for a while.” Tony says, sighing as he realizes just how close he is to being in the same room as Captain America. “As in, my whole entire life. I’m pretty much meeting my childhood crush in a few minutes.” Tony says, leaning against the elevator wall in an attempt to ground himself.
Tony lets out a hollow laugh at his foul words.
“Please, Cal, just cause he was kind to you once- right after you finished doing him under the tab-“
“You really don’t believe me?” He asks, voice incredulous but softer than he wanted.
. If his overpowering scent didn’t give it away, his physique would have. He’s much broader than Rumlow or any other alpha Tony’s ever seen. His biceps are
Tony was long gone before Steve could even think about taking another step.
“Um, Fury called me in.” He says politely, not daring to turn his back to the alpha, but dismissing him as best he can with his words, he still doesn’t look up at Rumlow. He doesn’t
So I spent about 30 minutes trying to figure out if it was correct to say “quicker” or “more quickly”.
He didn’t feel awful or elated, or anything in between. He simply felt like he was just there. He mentally shrugged. This was probably just the drug affecting him. Is this what getting high felt like?
It’s also
The board members nervously exchange glances. “Mr. Stark, with your expertise in the engineering field and with Mr. Stane’s experience in the weapons market, we believe-"
“I was going to say motivation. Inspiration, if you will.” Logan corrected.
A small voice that sounds a lot like Maria Stark whispers in the back of his mind,
He narrowed his eyes at the Captains worried face. “Tony, can you hear me?” Cap asked, the stifled noises coming back into Tony’s brain.
Steve sighs lightly, already thinking of ways he should apologize and  begins moving towards the couch so he can lay Tony down.
********
Steve dropped peter. His eyes were on Tony, as always. Just this time they were… roaming.
Arriving at the tower, Tony sighed. No, he didn’t exactly want to lie to Nick, Phil, and the Avengers, but he didn’t want to sit around and listen to them talk about his sob story. He was fine. It got better. Tony wished that everyone who knew would just forget about it.
Tony returns the smile, leaning back against the couch but not moving out of Steve’s reach. Although they’re no longer wrapped around each other, their thighs are still touching and Tony is tracing a scar that runs down Steve’s right hand which is resting over the couch’s edge.
Steve gently stopped him. “Tony-“ he started “You’re right.”
“Why didn’t I see this coming?” Peter asked himself sarcastically.
He’s hated Howard for
“But-“ Tony stuttered, “You- you’re-“ His face heated even more, “Steve!” He groaned, trying to get away from Steve once again.
He wants to be Steve and only Steve when it comes to Tony.
“Hey, hey, no, it’s okay, it’s fine.” Steve grabs Tony’s hands and pulls him from his face, taking another step closer so Tony’s nose just about bumps into his chest. “I’m just teasing, don’t worry, I already forgot everything you said anyway.” Steve soothes as he attempts to lie unconvincingly.
“Did.”
“Tony,” Steve starts, but Tony cuts him off, brushing Steve’s chest lightly as he passes by.
If there was one thing Howard Stark could never completely achieve it was arc reactor technology. Tony remembers the days when Howard would come home after a long day at failing to successfully understand the theories surrounding it. He remembers the broken cheekbone his sass had earned him after he teased his dad for not being able to figure it out. Things like that weren’t easily forgotten.
“Was really appreciated.
Phil gave him a look that made Tony think he was about to interject, so Tony reminded him, “A splint will look a lot worse to the Avengers. If not to save your own life, at least do this for me. Maybe if it looks okay, they’ll let me leave the tower every once and a while. Maybe.” Tony grumbled the last part.
An overwhelming sense of terrifying déjà vu overcomes Tony and he spins around quickly with his fist raised.
But would Howard have stooped
“Tony. You have to understand that this is a dangerous situation full of dangerous people. Believe me Tony, I would send in Barton if I could, but you’re the only one who’s here and more importantly, the only one who’s been invited.”
. He’s hated the feeling of class rings splitting his cheek open, the dull ache he would feel along his jaw after Howard had spent half the day drinking, the
Once again, Clint isn’t expecting it, so after he groans from the impact, he gapes at Tony. “What the hell wa-“
Bruce’s eyes flashed green for a moment before Steve sees him lock his jaw and clench his hands. Clint’s eyes were trained on the ground, grinding his teeth together, guilt eating him from the inside. Natasha’s eyes were trained on Tony’s back, her gaze motherly, but angrier than Steve had ever seen.
He sighed tearfully, banging his head against his door. Finally it seemed his tiredness, fear, and the past betrayal was getting to him.
Tony’s nails dig into his thigh under the table. “How do I know who the agent is?”
Steve’s shaking breath comes through the line and Tony tries not to whimper out loud. The pure terror he’s feeling right now is downright embarrassing but this isn't just some random bad guy. It’s
Steve sent the southern man a dark look before walking out the door briskly, the others following in suit.
Peter was one of the only people who would deal with all of Tony's shit just because they wanted to. Even the Avengers had to deal with him, he was funding them, after all.
Steve’s hands drop his, but the grin on his face turns mischievous. Tony sees it coming a mile away. “Was it really nine times though?” Steve asks, unable to keep himself from laughing as Tony shoves him half-heartedly.
A long sigh emanated from the phone, “Peter the bartender and our best buddy Jack Daniels!”
“Fury, glad to see you’re as bright and bubbly as always. Nat, hello.” He says cheekily, dropping down into a chair next to Nat, who graces him with a gorgeous smile and brushes a curly hair out of his face.
(Steve thinks the team might’ve let him.)
“He needs to eat. And go to sleep. What the hell is he thinking?” Steve is standing at once, ready to bust open the workshop doors just as he had the day before.
Tony’s eyes scan the room, suddenly feeling extremely unsafe. “What do I do?” He asks, hoping he kept the tremor out of his voice.
The laughter immediately stopped when a new voice rang out from the elevator. “Anthony Edward Stark your scrawny ass better not be injured or so help me god-“
Tony raises his eyebrows, “You know, Phil, I’m flattered, but you’re not really my type.”
Tony scowls. “Maybe I was just really excited to come visit this particular lab.”
Justin Hammer was sort of Tony’s arch nemesis. At least, before Loki he was. He was a rude and annoying man in his late thirties, who hated Tony ever since he grabbed control of his father’s company.
Steve chuckles, wrapping an arm around Tony and hugging him close, Tony presses his face into Steve's shoulder, inhaling the familiar safe scent there.
Tony nods, still looking confused.
Tony can’t find it in himself to care about that yet.
And then suddenly, Tony was back in his body. He noted the warmness of whatever was around him and snuggled closer to it. “Unfh. Goodness gracious that freaking hurts.” Tony complains groggily, his head starting to pound at all of the noise and lights.
The omega in Steve’s arms snorts lightly, “Shut up, Clint. I’m not cuddling with anyone.” His voice is muddled, sounding completely sleep deprived and all kinds of adorable. “Definitely not Cap, I would remember that.” He says, despite the fact he’s currently digging himself deeper into Steve’s hold.
Tony steps closer and allows Steve to lead him into the room. It’s spacious, like all of the rooms in the tower, but somehow it seems cozier than Tony’s room.
Tony huffs and looks at Rhodey’s amused face. “I blame you completely for this.”
“So you’re the one they call merchant of death, hm?” A heavily accented, feminine voice calls from behind him.
Howard was Hydra. Tony’s father provided weapons to one of the most notorious terrorist groups in the world’s history. Captain America’s arch nemesis. And now they want Tony to do the same.
that he gets to watch Steve’s face as he takes in all of the amazing tech he has laying about his home. In particular, the way Steve’s eyes light up and grins as Jarvis sasses at Tony about not having eaten in a few hours makes the whole day worth it.
Steve looks up at Clint, looking for some kind of direction or maybe even permission, but the other alpha just looks concerned, eyes locked on Tony. "If you holding him comforts him, you need to hold him." He says, voice teetering on the side of threatening, his words a clear demand. Steve doesn't hesitate, grabbing the hand locked in his t-shirt and maneuvering himself so he’s back to holding the omega in his lap. He tries not to focus on how much more relaxed he feels like his, nose pressed lightly into Tony’s hair as the younger’s face nuzzles into the juncture between Steve’s shoulder and neck.
“We need to get to the tower.
Tony doesn’t understand why he feels like he’s being undermined. “They aren’t my body guards. They’re my friends… I think.” He mutters lowly.
Clint sighed, “He’s going to hate that.”
The omega lets out a sigh, allowing himself to lean into Steve’s warmth. “I’m not, it’s just- you guys were friends, so I know you must be disappointed.”
Steve was the one who fought against them. He was literally created to eliminate the threats HYDRA posed. And after last night, Tony could see how fresh all of his emotions were from back in the war. His best friend died fighting against HYDRA. There’s no way Steve would’ve ever been able to forgive that.
The lead doesn’t look like much. In fact, he looks to be Tony’s age, maybe even younger. He’s got bright, white hair and an off-put, almost childish expression on his face. Not even looking scared to be in a high security government building.
Steve sits back against the couch as Tony jumps up to follow Clint into the kitchen.
, the more Tony gets to stare right back.
“Well- yeah, I guess it is?” Tony said skeptically, looking at the two eyeholes he had subconsciously created. “Huh, cool.”
“Jarvis.” Tony whispers almost to himself, grabbing Peter’s hand and bolting to the panel on the side of a near wall. He rapidly pushed a few buttons and the entire building went dark, save for a pathway of warning lights. When the shouts of complaints and panic started up a few seconds after, Tony nudged Peter expectantly.
“Truth or dare?” Peter grinned as Tony tapped his chin thoughtfully.
He gets to work on the rough design, taking measurements of his arm and creating pieces that fit around his joints. His brain is working a million miles a minute, wondering if there’s a way to put the gauntlet on quickly or if it will always be a grueling task. If he should make two gauntlets? But then he needs to protect his front, his back, his… entire body really. And of course he’ll need an indestructible mask because no one—
He hopes Coulson can’t tell how scared his is.
Tony shuddered and blocked that away. No Howard. No more.
“it’s floor 25. You’re meeting with Fury, right? He’s on this floor.” Steve says.
молодой - young one
“No, Tony, that’s not at all why I’m doing what I’m doing.” Steve said, trying to close the distance between Tony and himself once more.
She shakes her head and takes a deep breath. “They were sent to the red room for training. He was powerful but the things his sister could go… She could drive people insane with her powers. She... she manipulated minds."
“This is wrong. If Tony wanted us to know he would tell us.” Steve said, shaking his head and reaching to close the computer.
Behind him was Tony Stark, who was writhing and whimpering while clutching at his own shirt and the ground while seemingly unconscious.
By the time Steve got into bed, Tony was desperately trying to keep awake. His head felt foggy, but he clearly felt Steve’s nose nuzzle the back of his neck. He breathed in Tony’s scent and exhaled slowly, reaching around to cuddle Tony to his chest. “You’re going to be in so much trouble when you wake up, love.” Steve whispered.
The bartender is probably giving him a weird look when he sighs. “Kid, you do realize that I have no clue as to what in the hell you’re going on about, right?” The older man says in this southern drawl and somewhere in the back of Tony’s mind, he wonders why the man came from the peaceful south to the vengeful and unforgiving city of New York.
“Sure you are,” Bucky sighed, leaning back against the couch as he took a sip from his beer. “Aren’t we all?”
“Hey, stranger.”
NEW FORMAT!! I'm so excited to share this one with you guys! This is the first formatting that I programmed completely from scratch and I love how it turned out. I hope you enjoy it too! Anyway, on to the fic!
Tony nodded, watching the doctor as he walked out of the room, his eyes lingering on the dip in his spine. He shook his head, pulling the gown up over his head and grimacing at the sticky wetness he still felt around his cock. He wiped himself down as best he could before pulling on his own clothes and sitting back on the table to wait for Steve.
He heard Natasha mumble something like
me?" Tony stomped over to put both of his hands on Steve's chin, rubbing his fingers through - through - "Since when do you grow a
Which was probably why life decided to throw a wrench in it.
He was breathing heavily, and somewhere deep down he knew he was being ridiculous, but he was so fucking
“I should hope so.” Tony shifted on the couch. “So. Meet-and-greet. We've done the greeting and meeting, so I guess you could... I don't know. Tell me about yourself? Or something?”
And then he screamed.
“I think that's enough,” he declared after a few moments, hitting the button again to make it stop as he sauntered back over to the other side, swinging his hips as he went. “Let's see who the lucky winner is.”
Tony never said anything, and luckily the team followed his example. He’d hate to make Steve self-conscious about this when he knew that Steve always tried so hard to uphold his strong alpha male image, despite knowing that Tony didn’t give a shit about that.
“Five of them. In Siberia.”
“You'd love that, wouldn't you?” he panted, and Tony turned his head just enough to give him a sweaty grin.
. Steve bit his lip when he felt blood rush to his cock in response to those words. It was a pavlovian thing at this point, knowing that whenever Tony said those exact words he was about to indulge Steve in something he craved but knew he shouldn't.
He had to take a moment to just stare at it because – well. Aesthetically it was beautiful. The proportions looked almost eerily realistic. Its brown hair was matched by an equally dark goatee that made Steve wonder just how much Clint and Bucky had paid extra for it. The doll’s eyes were open, chocolate brown, and Steve hated them simply for the fact that he knew Bucky had chosen that hair and eye color combination because he knew Steve had a type. He didn’t want it to work on him.
“Tony, we literally just –“
Tony blamed it all on American Pie.
Steve smiled. “I think so too.”
“You're beautiful.”
Steve was on his feet in an instant, grabbing his shield from where it was propped up against his chair. “Where? What's going on?”
Tony could feel Bucky freeze next to him as he fought down a grimace. “Sergeant Barnes has been in psychiatric treatment for well over a year now. All of our recent evaluations have been overwhelmingly positive, so there's no reason to –“
Steve shook his head. “Of course not. That's what I'm afraid of.” Bucky gave him a questioning look and Steve sighed. “Tony wouldn't let Ross get away with anything that hurts his family. Ross knows that. And if Ross ever gave Tony an ultimatum that involved making me dance to his tune, what do you think Tony would sacrifice to keep it from happening?”
“I love you.” Tony’s heart did a little flip at the kiss Steve pressed to his nape. “Alright. Who else did you build a suit for?”
Then he got up, threw away the used tissues and stepped into the shower to wash off the dirty feeling that lingered under his skin. The afterglow had long since faded, and Steve resigned himself to the feeling of dismay that kept building in his chest and would probably follow him to sleep.
“That was amazing,” Steve breathed and Tony snorted.
His own cock was on
The leaves swayed for a moment as though considering his offer before one of the vines lowered to just barely ghost over Tony's fingers. Tony grinned.
“Look, just –“ Tony jerked, trailing off into a grunt when the plant tugged at his boxers, sliding them down his legs. “Oh wow. Okay, here we go...”
Steve alternated between both cheeks, leaving enough of a pause for Tony to recover from each hit before he struck again. He wasn't putting in a lot of force – they both knew what that could look like – but just enough that after the tenth strike Tony's ass already felt pleasantly sore, his cock fully hard now and throbbing with each hit.
“Hey there. How was the –“
“Do I
And almost buckled because
There was a flurry of donations, and Tony sat down in front of his screen for a minute to read some of the messages. Most of it was pure filth, but some of them stood out for the sole reason that they didn't have a thousand eggplant and sweat emojis in them.
“Suit yourself.” Steve opened the door without hesitation, stepping aside to hold it open for him. “Shall we?”
That caught Tony off guard, turning to look at his boyfriend like he was nuts.
“Tony I promise, I was not flirting with Sam. And whatever I did to make you think I was, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it.”
“That sounds really nice.”
“So…. this is where it ends, huh?”
Tony finally parked the car at the restaurant. Steve looked in and saw that it was extremely crowded. While he understood that it was Valentines Day, and this was absolutely a very nice restaurant on the outskirts of the city, Steve had hoped Tony would find something a bit more private for the night. When Tony looked at him though, glowing with happiness, Steve couldn’t help but just be happy to be spending time with his husband.
“Yes to both?” He answered, before rushing the rest of his response, “It’s just that my powers changed everything and I wanted to see how I would react to both of them. Not that I ever did it before I got my powers! And Ned was curious too, so we’d do it together. He just wasn’t interested in mixing the two last night. You know, just normal teenage rebellion?”
Steve smiled. "Deal?”
He had originally blocked out a few hours of the day for he and Tony to do gift wrapping, but he quickly realized that without Tony, both as an extra set of hands and to keep Steve’s perfectionism in check, it was more like a full day activity.
"I mean, just to make sure everything is working okay." Steve wasn't sure if what he said was making any sense, but he saw Tony give him that heart-melting smile, and Steve suddenly didn't care what the answer was.
“Okay! Can we go skating now?” Steve nodded, helping his son up, and getting them to the edge of the ice with the rest of the family
Tony has said he loved Steve.
“Hey, dad. Pops. How was the trip?” Matt asked, leaning against the wall, arms crossed and a tight smile.
Tony skated closer to Steve again, offering out his hand for Steve. With a small hesitation, Steve finally grabbed Tony’s hand and stepped on to the ice. Tony pulled him out a bit, and Steve started to skate right away.
“Is it something I did?”
"Well the board is wrong, the stock is not going to go up if w- yes, I kno- but I'm te-  FINE! I'll look at their stupid idea again and see if I can figure out a compromise. I'll talk to you tomorrow. JARVIS, end call."
“Hey!” Tony scolded playfully, “Watch the language in front of the baby. I’m pretty sure we don’t want his first word being a special four letter one.”
Loved, as in past tense.
“Okay,” Steve said, as he moved toward Tony who was now on the other end of the couch.
“Daddy,” Isabel started, “Ms. May said we were going to get to go ice skating tonight. Are we really?”
Before Steve had a chance to respond, Thor, Bucky, Sam, and Natasha entered the kitchen.
“You know,” Tony started, reaching for a coffee cup, “We should really consider leaking some pictures of Peter to the press. It would get them off our backs a bit. Maybe do a professional photo shoot or just ones that we took on our phones. We could be in them even, holding him or playing with him.”
“Operation Get Tony to Notice Me?”
“I think the media should learn to mind their own fucking business,” Steve said harshly, though making silly faces at the giggly Peter.
Peter responded with babbling, as though to prove a point. What point, neither of his parents could tell. Steve sighed as he started to clean Peter up, as he was done with breakfast.
“We literally just said we needed to be better about communication and you aren’t gonna share?”
Tony looked shocked, not saying anything the entire speech, and just staring at Steve. Without saying anything, Tony nodded his head, tears starting to fall a bit.
"Good. Thanks Sam, I appreciate it. Now please leave." Sam laughed, but still left, nonetheless.
“Yeah,” Steve added, “And if you are ever feeling like that, please come talk to us. We just want you happy and healthy.” Peter smiled at that.
“I’m not ready to ask him out,” Steve said quickly.
“But the Nutcracker is a classic.”
“Hmmmmm…..” Tony thought as Steve tried not to seem nervous waiting for his answer. “Okay. To be honest, I was already sold when you said ice cream, but also five miles is manageable. You’re paying, though. I’ll meet you in the lobby in fifteen.”
“That was weird,” Tony commented, bringing two large trash bags out to start putting the paper into.
“I’m afraid that Sir is in danger of severely damaging his arc reactor.” Steve shot a look at Tony, sighing in relief when he didn’t seem to have heard what the AI said.
“Well,” Tony spoke up after some time had passed, “we still need to answer my original question. What are we going to do about it?”
Steve had done some research to figure out a "problem" with his bike, and asked Tony to give it a look.
“Well, I would say tonight has been a successful date night if I do say so myself,” Tony stated.
“I guess we’ll just have to make a bigger mess tonight.”
"I'm pretty sure you and I have different ideas of what a short run is.” Tony said with a grimace.
“You didn’t do anything wrong Tony, please. You don’t need to apologize-“
Tony smiled, “Yeah I think we’re more. I wanna be more than just a booty call. I wanna be yours.”
“How are we going to decorate all of these cookies?” Tony said, looking around the kitchen. He and Steve had been working over the past two days to make a ton of cookies and had easily made several hundred cookies.
“So,” Tony said as he pulled away, “What was the joke?”
"Nothing’s really wrong, but I did make stuff for a make-your-own-sushi dinner, and thought you would want to join me.”
“What?” She asked, still looking at the book.
“So it didn’t take you two hours to wrap no presents, it took you two hours to wrap 6. Still not a great ratio.”
When the team arrived at the bar, the bar was completely empty save for Tony and Peter. Steve was the first to walk through the door, scouring the room for Tony. When his eyes landed on the small teen, sleeping almost completely on top the man Steve guessed was Peter. Peter looked like he was in the same state of tiredness, leaning against Tony. Steve reigned in his jealousy as he walked in front of the two.
Steve rolls his eyes once more, but the smile stays on his face.
“Um-“ Tony said as they all made no move to go their separate ways. “oh- kay?” He said, mostly to himself. “Good fight, guys. I’m glad you guys aren’t dead.” Tony said, smiling crookedly. He spun on his heel and rolled his eyes at the awkwardness of the group. He walked towards the main room, trying to ignore the footsteps of the people trailing behind him.
“And where is Tony, Peter?” Logan asked, loosing his temper.
Tony rolled his eyes and groaned. “Fine. Five minutes.”
The billionaire just shakes his head softly, “I’m just sort of broken, Peter. Something in my wiring just didn’t come out right.”
“Which means we need to go.” Logan said, rolling his eyes.
“Agent! To what do I owe the pleasure?” He asks dramatically. Coulson rolls his eyes, moving past Tony and into the workshop quickly. Tony blinks and shuts the door.
The second that Steve gets off the phone with Tony, Natasha receives a call from Shield demanding their immediate presence back at Shield’s headquarters. Apparently a group of agents caught someone connected to Tony’s attacker earlier this morning.
Tony blushed and shook his head, “No, Steve, Logan’s my friend.”
Disclaimer: I don’t own Tony Stark or Steve Rogers or any of the Avengers characters, but I’m saving up my allowance!
Peter looked up at his friend’s watery eyes. “Um, I mean, it’s all okay. It’s not like he hurt me or anything…”
very scary,
Steve nods, voice steady and calm, “Of course you can trust me, Tony.”
“There weren’t this many last time.” Clint said, bouncing on his toes, acting fidgety. Of course, Tony knew that Clint should be out there, helping. But the team had other plans and they agreed that Tony needed a protector. (“They” meaning everyone but Tony.)
“-And not only that. Tony, you’re also charming and kind and lets not forget that you’re also a complete super genius.” Steve continued, still forcing the uncomfortable eighteen year-old to meet his eyes. “And those are only a few of the things that I really-“ Steve kissed his forehead. “really-“ Steve kissed his nose. “-like about you.” Steve’s lips hovered over Tony’s for a moment while Steve gauged his reaction.
The contracts are short, criminally vague. Nothing in the text suggests that there was even a transaction for the weapons. As if they were a
Tony sat on the large couch, Steve sitting next to him, and Tony really just wanted to touch him.
Tony tells some secrets & decides to keep others. He also makes a friend or two.
Steve swung around to Rhodey, “Does he have one of those? Would he really go into a bar? Where people could see him? He’s not that stupid is he?”
“Ok then...” Tony said, heaving yet another sigh.
“Yeah, Tony. See you soon, édesem.” Natasha kissed his forehead, almost automatically, surprising herself.
died. It only made him more angry—only fueled his pain that much more. Steve cracks an uneasy smile in the silence. “I know it's hard to believe people when they say 'I know how you feel,' but I do. I know how you feel.” He says, honestly, trying to ignore the way Tony's head snaps up in his direction. “When Bucky died,” He begins carefully, not wanting Tony to hear the tremor in his voice, “Everyone around me felt bad, of course they did. They knew we were best friends and
“Tony. Tony, listen to me. I was just kidding, yeah? It was a joke, I’m not mad or hurt or anything.” Peter soothed quickly, recognizing Tony’s panic. “Actually, the only thing I am right now is coming over.”
“Jarvis, it’s okay, he’s just angry. I understand Jarvis, I understand.” Tony says, backing away and sliding down the wall. “I get it, okay?” Tony’s tiny voice said, barely audible in the microphone. “It’s my fault.”
always looking for people to talk to about how much we stan tony stark
Tony opened his mouth ready to fight back, but he quickly closed it. “Wait, what- uh… I mean, yeah! Of course I am!” Tony said, confused.
“We’re 40 minutes out.” Steve grits. “Probably sooner. Shield is on their way, Tony. It’s going to be okay.”
‘Why?’ Tony asks himself, “Because suddenly I’m not listening to you? This isn’t an “ownership”, Steve’ He snarls in his own mind. Tony promptly decides to not respond. He faintly can hear Steve yelling and knocking on the glass, but ignores him.
After allowing Steve to calm down from laughing at
“The boy genius must pay. Three days. Three days. Three-“
Hulk narrowed his eyes at Clint and sat down. “No.”
Tony didn’t move.
Steve rolls his eyes, nudging Clint good-naturedly. “Something tells me you and Nat definitely wouldn’t need my help to do that.”
impersonating his father steps forward, grinning cruelly like Tony’s the most hilarious thing he’s seen in years.
- he’s cute. “I just… we never got to talk, after today. I’m sorry that I didn’t believe you. You came to me because you said you trusted me and I completely shut you down. I’m so sorry, I just-”
When Steve asks again the next morning, JARVIS’ answer is the same. Steve blinks. “Has he been doing that all night?”
Yes, Steve. Kid. Good thing you see him like a little brother, right?
And then suddenly there’s pieces of metal flying through the air and actually connecting around Tony’s hand and Tony raises it, eyes wide and honest to god surprised. The men are thrown off, even more confused than Tony, and he uses it to his advantage, pointing his palm towards one of the big oafs and sending up another prayer that the beaming device works-
The camera was obviously being held secretively, judging by the awkward angle and bad quality. There were voices drifted on and off the camera, as it showed feet walking by. There was crying off in the distance, as well as some screams. But the most prominent words were the ones being spoken to the camera holder.
IF you want to be awesome than you could comment to make my birthday super duper awesome!!
Tony punches the alpha on the shoulder, groaning, "If only I had known then what a little punk Captain America really is."
“Tony?”
Steve let Logan go after contemplating Clint’s words. Steve narrowed his eyes and leaned towards Logan. “You hurt him-“ Steve said quietly, jerking his head towards Tony, “and I end you.” Logan smiled, amused.
Tony huffs as the elevator stops and he drags himself into the open area of his floor. “From now until I tell you, J-man, I need you to let me know where Cap is at all times. Operation ‘Avoid Steve at All Costs’ is ago.”
“Can I sleep here?” Tony blurts. Completely inappropriate. Not at all what he meant to say, either. He had just come here to talk. Steve had been so good at talking the other night and Tony had just wanted to clear the air.
“I swiped it when I was hugging him. I’m not exactly a touchy-feely guy, cap.” Clint said with a “duh” look.
Or maybe Howard was right all along and Cap will take one look at Tony before scoffing and writing him off for what he is; a worthless omega.
Just as Steve's about to have a full blown melt down and storm the workshop himself, Tony bursts into the room.
And then nearly face planted.
Clint grins back, before moving to leave the room. “I don’t know, Steve, there’s just something really satisfying about watching Captain America kick ass in all his righteous glory.”
Clint smiled back, “Damn right you will.”
“Nat, no one gives a sh-“
Tony huffs out a small laugh. “I’m just a little nervous for my meeting.” He admits, “Really, nothing to worry about. Sorry if it’s putting you on edge, though.” Sometimes smelling an omega in distress really freaks alphas out, although that usually doesn’t happen unless it’s an omega that the alpha has a familial relationship with.
“Rhodey!” Tony yelled. “He’s lying.” Tony muttered, glaring darkly at the Cadet. “Why don’t you make yourself useful for once and help me up?”
“I’m fine. I’m okay.” Tony repeats, eyes wavering to move towards Wanda. “She- she said she’s here to help.”
He’s a beta, Tony notices subconsciously, a fact that instantly makes Tony relax. It’s not a fair assessment at all, of course. Not all alphas are disrespectful knotheads and not all omegas are innocent victims the same way that not all betas are neutral and mild-mannered. However, for the most part, betas are kind and respectful to Tony. It’s easier for them, apparently, because betas don’t have the same sense of smell that alphas and omegas do. Tony remembers the days of his childhood where he would
Maybe he is just delirious. One second the air in the hallway feels tense, the quiet isn’t so much awkward as it is
1… the gun being clicked off safety…
“Yeah?”
Tony nods. The ex, who finally has a name now, is apparently not talking to Peter right now, but the beta already has a master plan in place. “Good luck with that one, Pete.” He says teasingly before leaving the lab, checking out the hallway systematically before all but running to an elevator.
—can know about this.
“I’m coming over.” Peter said, then hung up.
Tony laughed again, not having any real reason to. “That’s what everyone says- the cute thing.” He sighs.
He pads down from the roof, shivering from the violent cold of New York’s winter. The tower is so incredibly quiet without anyone in it, he had almost forgotten. Even though Bruce and Nat were almost always radio silent, the absence of Clint’s hysterical laughter at dumb TV shows and Steve’s soft hums while he draws are damning evidence that Tony misses them.
Next chapter: Meet some new characters, build some armor, go on missions.
.” The alpha actually looks disappointed as he stares at Tony. “You’re young and you never experienced HYDRA firsthand. You don’t understand what you’re saying about your own father. HYDRA agents were the single most evil people I’ve ever encountered.”
“He is not my brother. He never will be my brother again. I am a frost-giant, a monster, to his people.” Loki said bitterly. Tony backs up further and finally finds the button, pressing it discreetly.
“I just couldn’t sleep, you know? Happens every once in a while.” Tony said, sounding amused. “I’ll probably just do some work until I get tired.”
Tony stands, anger suddenly coursing through his entire body. Steve has
Tony’s jaw dropped, “Wh- me? But- I, what? No, no. You’re the genius, I mean, dude, your work on gamma radiation?! And- not to mention the whole green rage monster thing, which is totally aweso-“
“We were about the same size-“
“Wanda.” Tony intones softly, and her eyes shoot back to his.
Tony opens his mouth and closes it once more. He
Tony: oh no he’s hot
“Tony, we have
“I need to talk to you.” Tony says lowly to Steve later that night. He’s standing awkwardly in the doorframe of the kitchen. Steve’s hunched over the island, looking all kinds of miserable.
There was a slight pause. “Well, that’s dumb. I don’t want to be found. I have new best friends! Petey and Jack! Tony likes Petey and Jack!” Tony exclaimed happily.
Tony doesn’t like having a babysitter.
bad. Like it was about to explode. I think there was a woman? She… she brought Howard. He was
The helmet was, of course, just the start. Given Tony’s tiny frame and not so impressive fighting skills, he would need something powerful and smart; something that accented his abilities. Tony was quick on his feet and thought even more quickly. If this suit was going to attune to Tony, it would need to boost his strength considerably and it would need to be fast. Tony’s mind was already reeling with possibilities.
“Cap, stand down. Nat just wants to check Tony’s vitals, that’s all.” Clint says calmly, stepping forward with his hands raised.
“Who the he-“
Steve said lowly, “I know that as long as I’m around, no one’s ever going to hurt you again.”
“Will you three stop wasting our time and get your asses in here?” Fury’s delightful voice yells from inside the office. Tony all but bolts in, nodding politely to Coulson and sending a salute Fury’s way.
It’s not until he feels a tap on his shoulder that he does anything at all.
After reminding Peter of the mysterious helmet and gloves he had seen being created, Peter’s eyes began to light up with understanding. As Tony continued on into his story, where his mission from Phil began and then ultimately ended in the way it did, Peter’s jaw was on the ground. “You.. YOU of all people… killed someone? Two someones?? Holy shit, Ant.”
Steve barked out a laugh, “Hardly. I could’ve beat you without the serum anyway.”
“Tony. Calm.” Phil chastised.
, pounding at the window and begging – something in a different language. It’s one Natasha must understand because she’s flinching at every word, looking more emotional than Steve had ever seen her.
“No.” Tony said quietly, standing shakily to his feet, “I can’t- I just can’t be near you right now.”
“I should probably apologize.” Tony says and JARVIS’ silence speaks volumes. “Sleep first. Let him cool off, then tonight, Steve and I have a lot to talk about.”
The videos were another story.
Steve nods his acceptance. “I’m sorry, too, Tony. Everything I said—”
*****
“What?”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Steve asks, voice deep and angry as he shifts closer to Tony. “How are we supposed to believe any of this?”
“Just like that.” Coulson agrees. “I feel the need to remind you that under
Story title inspired by Murder Song (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)-- Acoustic by AURORA. great song that heavily inspired this song u should listen (:
Disclaimer: Stan-Lee is one beautiful possessive motherfucker so the Avengers will never belong to one Mary Claire Warren
Phil gives Pepper a look which Tony could only describe as disappointment. “Ms. Potts, you and I will be having a talk about the consequences of your decisions momentarily. Without Mr. Stark.” Phil clarified, looking at Tony while the doctor finished up.
The tiny face on the screen was unnaturally bruised and bloodied. The camera only caught it for a second, but it was enough for the Avengers to see.
“Rhodey and I definitely have a bond, but he’s gone a lot because he’s in the air force.”
********
Tony just didn’t feel.
*****
Peter was silent for a moment. “Are you meaning to tell me that you’ve never been to a party?”
Steve ran a hand down his face. “I don’t like this.”
Steve bit Tony’s neck, experimenting with his new position, happy with the small gasp from Tony. Steve pulled back then, smirking down at Tony before getting up and offering Tony a hand, ignoring the sliver of skin showing where Tony’s shirt rode up. Tony sighed and took Steve’s hand, not letting go when he said, “I think I’m going to bed.”
“You’re wrong, Tony.” Peter scoffed. When Tony tried to intervene Peter shot him a dirty look. “I haven’t heard one person talk about you badly. Even these strangers! I mean, yeah, pretty much every single one wanted to get in your pants or your bank account, but still.”
“Just once” The boy responds, not elaborating.
“Please don’t tell.” Tony whispered to Pepper, as voices and sirens started sounding around them. At the end of the alley, people, policemen, ambulances and firetrucks alike rushing towards them. “Please.” He whispers again, making eye contact with her one more time before they’re completely surrounded by a medical team.
“As I already told you all, Stark is doing just fine, probably only mildly upset at having Coulson as a babysitter. We need your attention on the situation at hand.” Fury motions the team forward, and they enter a much smaller room with a one-sided window. “This is the lead we found in relation to Tony’s attacker.”
Tony doesn’t know why he’s surprised when he sees Pepper lying on the concrete of the alleyway, three large men in all black, including their masks, standing over her. Tony bursts through the door, completely ruining his chance of having the element of surprise. Luckily enough, his loud distraction gives Pepper enough time to sweep the legs out from under one of the guards and attempt to take another. The third one comes barreling at Tony, and Tony, being the manly man he is- squeaked and ducked for cover.
Tony fights a blush as he sends a glare Agent's way. Okay, he deserved that.
“Yeah well, I wish I hadn’t said it.”
The man growled.
“What the hell are you thinking, Cica?”
He stumbles across a section of data from the early 2000s that’s stamped as in need of further review. Obviously, the checkup would have gone through back when this was filed but Tony can’t find any confirmation that the contracts enclosed were ever reviewed. The contracts don’t seem to be connected, the only signifying factors being that they are all printed in both English and Russian. Stark Industries hasn’t always been a US only company. There were times were SI was dealing to countries all throughout the world. It strikes Tony as odd because while they had definitely sold to Russia in the
“That’s a kid, Nick.” Natasha observes helpfully.
The small, instinct-driven part of his mind reminds him.
Tony lets out a relieved sigh as the doors to his workshop slide closed.
“Here you are.” Tony agrees. “Listen, thanks. For helping me calm down.” He clarifies as the guy gives him a confused look. “I was kind of hiding from someone.”
“No.” The agent cuts him off. “I told you all not to go snooping in his past and what do you do? You do exactly what I told you not to!” Coulson says, his voice louder than anyone had heard before.
isotopes would be enough to create a circuit of electricity that could potentially power it.
. Probably smaller than Steve was before the serum. And his smile, well.  It’s not like Steve’s never had an omega smile at him before. Hell, just about every omega he’s met since the serum has sent him their best and brightest. Not a single one compares to the smile this omega gives him.
“Idiotic.”
Natasha stops moving forward, taking the boys features in slowly this time. “You’re from Eastern Europe, probably Ukraine or Romania. I haven’t been there in many years.”
He doesn’t wait for the smoke to fade to wait to shoot at the other man. He can’t see, so it takes a couple tries, but as the smoke (mostly emanating from his own hand) clears, he sees that there are indeed two men lying on the ground.
“Then why- ugh whatever- um… hello?” A gruff voice said into the phone.
doesn’t want to talk about it.
“You didn’t.”
Tony nods anyway, relaxing into the hug and pressing his face into Steve’s chest.
that is all.
, a paranoid voice in his head reminds—will tell Shield. They’ve always put too much trust into the organization. Yes, Tony trusts Coulson and—to a degree—Fury. But if Howard Stark, one of the key founders of Shield was HYDRA, then who’s to say the entire organization isn’t following in his footsteps?
“Bruce, what’s going on? Can you tell?”
Do the board members at SI have any idea? Does Shield know? Does
covering his face as he glares at Clint. “Screw you, birdbrain, why are you up anyway? Drinking coffee at 2am is my thing, not yours.” He complains, throwing a pillow at an unsuspecting Clint’s face.
Nobody had questioned the sudden change in Steve and Tony’s new tactile relationship. To the two, it had come as naturally as breathing. Thor had entered the Avengers family in a similar fashion. His calm and collected demeanor in battle and during serious situations disappeared the second he returned from Asgard. Suddenly, the Avengers met the loud, pop-tart loving demigod, afterhours.
