In a second, all of Sam’s patience evaporated from his expression. He pursed his lips and flared his nostrils.
Cas being a dude isn’t the problem. It’s the want, and the worship, and the fascination, all so huge and crushing, that have Dean’s skin crawling. It should feel like a betrayal. Dean
Cas turns his attention to Sam and Eileen. They’re both staring at the scene in the kitchen, but while Sam’s peaked brows are wrinkling his forehead and his jaw is hanging open, Eileen's eyes are glittering with mirth, and she’s working very hard to bite-back a smile.
A swell of shouts rises from the field. The ball has gone flying again, and landed in front of the crying child. He has a clear shot at the goal, which is just a stretch of lawn marked by piles of toys. He looks down at his feet, then up at the crowd of kids running towards him. He takes off running, kicking the ball ahead.
Through the thin material of Dean’s pyjama pants, Cas feels Dean’s cock give a weak twitch, but otherwise remain aloof to the proceedings. It doesn’t concern Cas; after all, the first thing he and Dean did that morning was have sex, and Dean is over forty.
Dean beckons Jack towards the kitchen. He extends his arm as Jack draws close; it hovers for a moment before settling on Jack’s shoulder.
Dean leans his forehead into Cas’. He closes his eyes, not sure that he has the confidence to say the next part while looking at him. Even then, he can only speak in a whisper when he says, “I’ll let you treat me all soft and special-like. You want that, right?”
This time, Cas is more singular in his focus. He kisses Dean deeply, caressing the roof of his mouth with his tongue, trails his lips along Dean’s jaw and neck, and then moves back to his mouth again. He idly grinds his cock against the crease of Dean’s hip, groaning as he does so, but seems otherwise entirely content to limit himself to kissing Dean, and feeling him close.
Eventually, Dean took him down to the firing range to get some of that aggression out. Cas didn’t do too badly—a couple of shots were wildly off-target, but most were grouped nicely, if a bit off-centre. Inspecting the target, Dean started to give Cas some pointers; but Cas just put his gun down, flung his earmuffs aside, and stormed off as Dean was talking.
He directs his eyeline towards Balthazar; Anael follows it and nods. “Sure, whenever you’re free.” She turns back to Cas, and leans towards him. “But a word of advice, Castiel…”
“Pssh,” Gabriel waves a hand dismissively. “Why would I do that? Jack’s a great kid. Wish him all the best.”
Dean feels like going out at night and just finding something to kill, has to keep reminding himself that he can’t, because monsters don’t roam around at will on earth.
"Really? That's what you're going with?" Dean throws his arms up. “You can vote me out if you want, but you’re just gonna end up with another dead villager."
There was a witch in Atlanta, because of course there was. Just when Dean was feeling shitty, the universe went and threw
But Maureen sighed happily and started to fuck herself properly, her eyes fixed on Dean. Watching her, Dean moaned again. A smile spread across Maureen’s face, and she canted her hips to meet the thrusts of her own hand. He watched her react to his reactions, and gradually gave himself over to the sensation of being filled, letting himself feel the pleasure, not holding back. Cas added a second finger, and then a third, pressing against Dean’s prostate now and then, dotting kisses over Dean’s skin. Dean reveled in the attention. When he enjoyed it, she enjoyed it, and that made it okay.
"When I was alive," Richard continues with an ironic laugh, "parishioners would ask me what happens after you die, what it means to be in Heaven. I told them that to be in Heaven meant being reunited with God, to bask in His glory. I told them that it was to enter a new state of being, a higher state, a sense of one-ness with the universe. Of course, I don’t mind being wrong. But out of professional curiosity…"
Cas thinks Inias is being a bit hard on himself. Around the lawn, children jump rope, toss rubber balls, and run around with action figures, making them fly through the air. Some of the kids are arguing over toys, or what game to play, or how to properly play it, or who they want to play with. A few of them are crying, overwhelmed by the amount of activity around them and the sheer choice of toys. But many of the kids are perfectly content.
Castiel finds Gabriel in a smokey room, dimly lit by a single lamp that hangs over a card table. Gathered around the table are several men in expensive suits and slicked-back hair, smoking cigars. A woman enters carrying a tray of martinis, and through the door Castiel catches a glimpse of trumpets and trombones, and a crowd of people dancing.
“I have no secrets,” she continues. “Rachel and Hester came to me because they feel lost. I mean, look at it from their perspective. They were model soldiers, devoted to god. But you won their loyalty, Castiel. And then they were devoted to you. And you let them down.”
A cool breeze blows, lifting Cas’ tie and pushing his trenchcoat around his legs. It sweeps through the willow branches, making them sway across Castiel’s view of the reuniting souls.
Cas crawls up the bed and lets Dean shift him around until he’s lying on his back with his head resting on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s arm wrapped around him. Dean presses a kiss into Cas’ hair and traces patterns on his chest, while Cas caresses Dean’s fingers in ways that would be suggestive if Dean wasn’t entirely spent.
Dean stepped out of the shower to find Cas, already washed up and fully dressed, sitting on the edge of the bed kissing Beverly, who was wearing nothing but an over-sized t-shirt. Not kissing like they were gearing up for round two, but just soft pecks and trading breath.
The firelight plays across her pale skin, makes her dark eyes glow like coals. “I am a Mother of creation. Did you think that I could truly be killed?"
“Well, yeah,” Dean answered casually, turning around to face him. “Last hunt, you said that next time you wanted to be ‘a more active participant’, right?”
“Okay, losers," Claire says as she steps into the library carrying a tray piled high with Rice Krispie squares. "Come get your suburban dessert.”
One hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other on his hip, Cas shifts Dean up the bed, drawing a yelp of surprise from Dean. But the next moment Dean’s head is cradled on the pillows, and Cas is working his way down Dean’s body, licking and biting, needing to taste every part of him, to see the imprints of his teeth on his skin, savoring the the sound of every gasp and sigh from Dean’s lips.
Cas spends some time staring at the contents of Dean’s closet. There are a number of suit jackets that Dean has accumulated over the years, but those are apparently too formal to wear. There’s a veritable rainbow of plaid button-downs, but Cas doesn’t think those are any nicer than his t-shirt. Finally, he finds a cream-coloured cable-knit sweater tucked away at the back of the closet. It’s soft and heavy. Cas puts it on.
Cas would feel frustrated if he thought he had any right to be. But he can’t help insisting, “And it
Dean could feel Cas inside of her as they moved in tandem. They both had a hand on Wendy’s hip, their fingers interlocked. Dean rested his head against Wendy’s shoulder, overcome by the heat and the pressure, and sensation. He was determined to not be the first to tap out, but then Wendy clenched around him. Dean’s eyes flew open, and his gaze met Cas’, blue and steady, and he came.
“I want you I want you I want you…” Dean mumbled deliriously, quaking with overstimulation. His cock was achingly hard; he ground against the pillow, trying to get some friction, shoving back against Cas in the process. Cas moaned, doubled over Dean’s back, and picked up his pace. WIth every thrust, Dean heard a small, high-pitched noise; he realized that the noise was coming from his own mouth, and bit his tongue.
“I can’t believe you convinced me to vote against my own girlfriend,” Claire groans, sinking into her chair.
“Oh.” Cas smiles ruefully, and explains, “I’ve been in love with your brother for a long time, Sam. And I was sure that he could never return my feelings.”
Cas unbuttons his cuffs and rolls up his sleeves in short, sharp movements. Even from a few feet away, he notices the way Dean’s pupils dilate, and he can’t help the smile that plays at the corners of his mouth.
They were sisters in life. Then one got turned, and she turned the other. They were sisters in their second life as monsters as well.
There’s a proud tilt to her chin when she answers. “Yes, and he will come to me in person when he does. Not through a mere human.”
As the discussion slides into neutral territory, Cas notices the expression of increasingly grim concentration on Jack's face.
Dean stares at his brother, dead-eyed and unreadable. “Gee, thanks. Glad you think so.”  He turns, and says tightly, “Cas, can you give us a minute?”
And well, Dean couldn’t help but agree with that. He ground up against Cas a few times, relaxing into the feeling. His hand dropped down Cas’ chest to find his cock just as hard and ready, and wrapped around it, giving it a firm tug.
Castiel’s mouth hangs slightly open in surprise, and his gaze is heavy with regret before his eyes flit away from Dean’s face towards the ground. Dean wishes he wasn’t so familiar with that look on Cas’ face.
, Dean thought. He loved it when women took control, when they let him forget his strength. From the way Cas’ eyes widened, it seemed like he enjoyed it too. Besides, it was only gentlemanly to take direction from your partner in bed. Dean was proud of him.
“Well, it’s not made of gingerbread,” Dean says when they’re standing by the front door again. “Wha’d'ya say?” He turns to Cas.
"Of course not." Cas lets his gaze drift over Dean’s face, every precious slope and angle. "I did something wrong, and I didn’t know how to fix it."
Cas knew he wouldn’t be able to argue from the moment Anael raised free will. But he couldn’t help the way that being in the new angels’ heavens made something itch under his skin. “Still…” he pauses, reaching for an explanation. “It’s a very narrow sandbox.”
“What, are you guys fighting again? Dean, he just got back,” Cas can hear Claire say, voice fuzzed-up by the phone reception.
Strangely, the thought made Dean’s stomach churn. Like seeing Pinocchio turn into a real boy, but it's just human skin pulled over a wooden frame.
Dean curled up on the ground and closed his eyes. It was a long time before he fell asleep, unsettled by memories of Hell, and the knowledge that Castiel was in love with him.
Castiel ends each day a little more tired than the day before. Then Dean kisses him, and the touch of Dean’s lips does something to him, makes him feel things he didn’t know he could, and he doesn’t know what it means, but it must mean something. The touch of Dean’s lips breaks him apart, but he doesn’t care. Purgatory is slowly killing Castiel, but he doesn’t care.
Dean woke up on the floor of the barn. His head throbbed where it had apparently hit the ground, and there was a dull, quickly fading pain in his back, but besides that, he was… fine.
A rush of displaced air hits the back of Dean’s neck, and there’s a sound of rustling wings that he hasn’t heard in years. The knife slips across Dean’s knuckle, drawing blood. The pain doesn’t even register as he spins around.
Whatever it is, Dean can’t match it, and he looks away. He doesn’t know what to do with that “Yes”. Doesn’t know what he would have done with a “No” either. He thinks he’s an idiot for asking.
There’s a glassy look in Cas’ eye as he stares past a spot on the wall, and his voice dips quiet. “What
"Was starting to think you weren't coming back," Dean says, laughter in his voice as he approaches Cas.
He pulled back from Beverly, looked her in the eye, then directed his gaze over her shoulder to Cas. She got the picture.
Eileen cocks her head and gives Cas a long, searching look. There’s something of confusion in her expression as well. Cas decides that she must be mistaken.
“I think I can find a way to appreciate the taste,” is what Cas is planning to say, but the next thing he knows, Dean is sliding his hand into Cas' hair, crowding up against him and crushing their lips together, rough and messy.
He’s interrupted when Dean swings his feet off the table, grabs the front of Cas’ shirt, and crushes their lips together.
“Werewolves, open your eyes,” Eileen says as she circles the table. After a second, she continues, “In this round, the werewolves have the option to turn, instead of kill, a villager. If that’s what you want to do, indicate that person now. I’ll tap them, and then they’ll open their eyes and join the werewolves.”
Before they stepped out the door, Dean tugged on Cas’ sleeve and pulled him close. He pecked him on the lips, and Cas’ frown faded somewhat.
Cas’ gaze drops to Dean’s hand, and his eyebrows draw together. “You’re bleeding,” he says, and strides over. A soft touch, and a jolt of sensation, somehow both electric and soothing, briefly floods Dean’s body. It shakes him from his shocked state.
Anna turns to look at him, a melancholy smile on her face. “Did you come here to argue with me, Cas?”
With a grumble, Cas forces himself to focus on the bunker’s generator, its breakers, its wiring. It takes just under a minute, but Cas does manage to bring the power back up.
On rare occasions the two of them are somewhere safe and sheltered, and there is a fire to keep the ever-present chill of Purgatory at bay. Castiel is exhausted from fighting and flying and bleeding for protection wards, and the place itself draining him of power. But Dean is exhausted as well, dead on his feet, so Castiel says he’ll take first watch. And when Dean wakes up, on those rare occasions, he tells Cas to get some rest, and
Dean kept his eyes on his razor in the mirror as Cas changed. His attention was only pulled away when Cas asked, “Are you sure? It’s a little tight.”
“I’m sorry,” says Cas, and Dean turns to find him slumped against the cave wall, blood trickling out of his nose and mouth.
Cas shifts closer to Dean, caresses the hair at the nape of his neck. “We could go somewhere else for a while. Somewhere secluded, quiet. We could go right now.”
Eve turns from him, and walks away. Castiel keeps his eyes fixed on her as she goes, and doesn’t start trembling until she’s out of sight.
“That’s the problem with this group,” Inias sighs. “Their parents are still alive. I could make them fake parents, but… I think that could get awkward later.”
“I…” Dean paused as he looked at Sam. His brother was so happy, and so tired. Dean didn’t have the heart to lay all his worries on Sam’s shoulders. The suspicion that just when Dean thought he was free, something had decided to start messing with them again.
The girl’s laughter reaches across the parking lot, where Amy stops in the middle of a conversation about preschool options to watch her husband play with their daughter, the smile on her face brighter than the first warm spring day.
Dean’s stomach flipped at the memory. He grabbed the front of Cas’ shirt, and kissed him hard as Robert Plant sang,
Claire often reminds Castiel of Dean. At moments like this, when Claire is very clearly radiating emotions, but they’re too many and too complicated for Cas to unwind, he wishes that the two didn’t share so much in common.
Dean wakes up the next morning with a headache and a crick in his neck from sleeping on the floor. He remembers what happened the night before, but there’s too much fog in his brain to think about it very closely. Instead, he clambers to his feet, brushes his teeth, and stumbles towards the kitchen.
,” Dean said. Then he caught sight of the spare sawed-off at the back of the trunk, and remembered that he hadn’t cleaned it yet. He grabbed the gun and chucked it on the table. “Second, that’s not what this is about. Cas needs to know how to get by in the world. He needs someone to teach him how to just be a
Cas cringes. He remembers the confusion and shame he felt at seeing the tenderness between Anna and Dean all those years ago. It was not his finest moment.
Sam picks a table by a window that offers a view of the post office. When Eileen takes her seat, he shuffles his chair closer to hers and settles his arm around her shoulders.
“How fucked up Dean was after. Like, not that he ever takes you dying easy, and that’s an insane sentence to say, but…
She looked over her shoulder for Dean’s reaction. When she saw his flirtatious smirk still in place, she asked, “So you guys are a package deal?”
Beverly turned towards Cas, and wound her arms around his neck. Before she could drag him into a kiss herself, he was holding her face between his palms and pressing his lips to hers. From the way that Beverly sighed, Dean assumed that Cas was doing a good job.
Wendy craned her neck over her shoulder to kiss Dean as he slipped out of her. But then Dean drew back, and Wendy focused all of her attention on Cas. She ground against him, breathing heavily with fire in her eyes. But as soon as Dean had moved across the bed, Cas reared up. He held Wendy tight against him, and tipped her onto her back. She moaned long and loud as Cas threw her legs over his shoulders, and fucked her deep, his muscles taut and straining. Her mouth fell open in a perfect
“Hey,” Dean prompts, nudging Cas to look at him. He looks up, face flushed and eyes glassy, both innocent and debauched. Dean thinks he could get used to Cas looking that way.
As Dean opened his mouth to speak, he turned to look at Cas. The guy was innocently bobbing his head to the music, a gentle smile on his face. Like he didn’t have a voice in his head judging him in that moment, like he was free to just enjoy things. Dean knew that if Cas didn't have that voice telling him what was okay and what wasn’t, then Dean would have to provide it for him. That was part of the job that Dean had taken on for himself when he promised Cas that he would teach him how to be human. How to be
Cas’ eyes go wide and he makes a choked sound at the back of his throat. Anna rolls her eyes and throws her hands up. Jack raises his eyebrows and turns to Cas and Anna, looking more entertained than shocked.
Sam won, but not by much, and that was enough for Dean to clap Cas on the shoulder and tell him, “That was a real good game, man.”
Dean and Cas sit at one of the long tables. Dean browses through recipes on his own computer, occasionally sliding it over to Cas to ask his opinion on a casserole or a novel way to batter chicken. Cas reminds Dean that he can only answer abstractly, based on his knowledge of chemistry. Dean keeps asking anyways.
However, the traffic on the way into the city had been a nightmare, and Dean was eager to get some rest.
Uriel shrugs, abashed. “You were my brother. And I did want you to join us. I was angry that your faith in God was so strong after it was so clear that he had abandoned us.” He purses his mouth, and adds, “You chose him over me.”
Cas kept talking, his voice light and babbling. “… I was just thinking that I ought to have known then that you would not be what I expected. … and I think the fires of Hell must have touched me as well, because something was… lit within me.”
Cas frowns. Sam has taken Jeshua ben Josef’s name in vain three times now, and while Cas does not care about the blasphemy, he does think it’s an over-reaction. “I know loss hits Dean hard, but he does
Cas knocks on Dean’s door as a courtesy. He doesn’t wait for an answer before entering, and closing the door behind him. He already knows that Dean wants him there.
In fact, Dean was a little offended on his friend’s behalf that Beverly was eyeing Dean so eagerly, when Cas was
Dean does flinch away at that, his jaw tightening and his mouth forming a thin line. He shakes his head, and plasters a smile across his face that doesn’t reach his eyes. “Come on, sweetheart, I saw what you wanted, remember?”
Even as Dean says it, he knows that he’s lying about not understanding. He knows how the ache of longing eats at Cas; he felt it for himself last night. He knows that it’s easier for Cas to fly away than to be confronted with the mess of living with human emotions. Dean knows that he’s also doing what comes easiest to him: falling back on anger.
“Oh, uh…” Cas thinks about the discussion he had with Sam last night; that was not anything close to “fun”. “Billie -- Death -- had Dean and I cornered. I told Dean how I felt about him. Then I died,” Cas self-edits to dull the sharpest edges of the story. “Then Jack brought me back, and…” He shrugs. “Here we are.”
Maureen drifted out of her dressing room, wrapped in a red silk robe, her hair spilling over her shoulders.
Dean tried to school his expression into something more serious, and turned to his brother. “Yeah, we’re, uh, we’re actually gonna head out.”
"You’re not being dumb," Cas says, all the more serious for Dean’s self-derision. "I’m aware that the way humans relate to gender and sexuality is complex and socially conditioned--"
The sound of the child’s sobs fades into sniffles as he gets to his feet and continues to watch the game morosely.
“Hello? … Yes, this is assistant director Cash, who’s speaking?” He shot Dean a significant look and stood up, peppering in “Mm hm”s and “I see”s as he made his way out to the parking lot.
"Too bad you can’t taste these," Dean teases. He takes a bite of another berry, his lips pursing around the fruit. "They’re really good."
Dean plunks down in a chair next to Cas, kicks his feet up on the table, and gives Claire the finger.
The next moment, Cas wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist and Dean felt himself being hauled up, so his back was flush with Cas’ chest. Cas finally took Dean’s cock in hand and started jacking him off. Dean jerked into his grip, fucking himself on Cas’ cock still inside him.
Dean considers telling Cas that his distracted rambling makes him worry, but decides against it. Instead he says, “We’re stuck in Purgatory. 'Worried’ is pretty much my default setting.”
Cas moves to pull Dean’s hand off of his tie, but then Dean just locks his ankles around the back of Cas’ legs.
Cas bites his tongue to silence his immediate response. After a moment, he says in a measured voice, "I’m not sure that’s a good idea. Uriel wasn’t on very good terms with the Winchesters."
He leaned forward with his elbows on his knees. “Look, Cas,” he said, catching his friend’s gaze with his own, “One thing about being human is that we gotta
“I thought you were going to say something about Bill Murray being pervy,” Kevin commented over his shoulder.
With a touch, Cas could send a pulse of light through Dean’s body, heal every sore muscle and stiff joint. But he suspects that’s not what Dean needs; and healing alone is not what Cas wants to give him.
Dean led Cas to his own bedroom across the hall, and pointed him to the small couch that stood against the wall. Once Cas was seated, Dean held up
The angel just regards him seriously, and silently. Dean is reminded of how Castiel was when they first met, and he lets himself be grateful that landing in Purgatory has helped to bring that old Cas back to the surface.
But he also remembers that Other world, where humans lived on a dying planet, huddled together and hiding in forests, hunted by angels.
Cas continues, “But then when Billie had us cornered and there was no way out, I realized that I didn’t need him to. I just needed to let myself love him.” Castiel’s smile widens to a genuine one, as he remembers what he felt in that moment. “So I did. I told him how good he is, at his core, how he changed my life, changed who I am, and that I love him. And that was enough. The Empty took me, and Billie, and it was done.”
Cas thinks about all the words of anger and grief that he has saved on his phone. There was so much that he can’t imagine what else there is to say.
They say their goodbyes outside on the service road. The moon is full, and the air is warm and full of the sound of crickets.
Cas would very much prefer to only bring Dean the best of anything. But Sam has more experience with food, and with Dean, than Cas does, so he tosses a few potatoes in a bag and heads towards the check-out.
After the tail lights of Jody and Claire’s cars disappear around the bend to the highway, Sam and Eileen decide to go for a walk to enjoy the night.
One of them reaches out her hand, and Dean thinks that he would like to take her hand and join the dance, to dance through the trees and let the woman's strange music flow through his veins and never stop. Castiel is tugging at his arm, but Dean reaches for the woman anyways.
“Oh.” Sam stares, mouth still hanging open. “Oh my god. I see it now.” He drags a palm over his face, and shakes his head. “Huh. I don’t know how I missed it before.”
The front room of the cottage is bare, with a stone hearth against one wall, and a door to the back. The half-light that comes through the windows is further dimmed by a thick layer of dust, but it’s enough for Dean to see that whoever was there last left a pile of kindling by the fireplace.
“You can keep tearing through the souls of my children,” she says, and there’s something angry and vindictive under her calm exterior. “But after what you did to us, we will never let you go. You can battle through this realm for a hundred years, a thousand years, and we will
Cas’ legs were wrapped firmly around Dean’s hips, heels digging into his thighs. He pushed himself off the seat to meet Dean’s thrusts, encouraging Dean to go harder. Dean wasn’t able to deny him any longer, didn’t think he’d be able to deny Cas anything ever again. He picked up his pace, drawing a low groan out of Cas, contrasting with the wailing guitar. He watched Cas’ eyes squeeze shut, his jaw tighten, and knew he was getting close.
"G'night, Dean," Sam says, looking up from his laptop. Eileen’s gaze follows his and she smiles goodnight.
A single wilting carnation stands in a small, malproportioned vase in the centre of the table. Cas revives it with a thought. He wishes he could deal with whatever's bothering Dean as easily.
Dean felt a warmth building inside of him at her approval. He stopped biting his tongue, and groaned loudly at Cas’ next thrust.
Jack flattens his lips. “It’s just…” He tilts his head; his expression clears. “Oh, nevermind. It’s a joke. They’re laughing now. All clear," he announces.
Cas leans forward to kiss Dean, unable to stand the tension between them. Dean holds him back with a hand on his chest.
Castiel is a body that’s not really his, and a grace that’s steadily evaporating like sweat off his skin. He supposes an angel must be other things too (what was Anna when she fell? But Castiel’s fall was not like) Anna’s and he never did mourn her did he?
“Yeah, but I thought you didn’t pay attention to the details?” Dean challenged. “I didn’t know dirty little humans getting our freak on topped the list of heavenly priorities.”
Cas remembers the idea he had earlier, of getting something for Dean to cheer him up. He heads to a rack full of leather jackets, and starts browsing through them. He finds a motorcycle jacket with a snap collar, ribbed padding along the elbows and shoulders that would protect Dean during hunts, in a deep brown that would harmonize well with his eyes. Cas pulls it off the hanger and goes to the back of the store.
Cas, who has been watching the argument with head-tilting befuddlement, opens his mouth to say, “I don’t understand what’s going--”
Maureen rose off the bed. She went to the night stand, pulled out a bottle of lube out of the drawer, and set it on top. Then she arranged herself on her chaise again.
When they fight side-by-side, Dean tends to get too close to Sam, as if his brother has the reach of someone several inches shorter. One time, Sam clips Dean’s shoulder with a knife, and Dean doesn’t tell him how guilty he feels about it.
“Oh, I do,” Maureen said, her voice as silky as the bedsheets. “See, I’m going to use them on myself, while I watch the two of you together.”
That was how Dean, Sam, Cas and Kevin ended up gathered around the TV in the bunker’s makeshift den, with Dean’s laptop plugged into the HDMI. Sam had claimed one of the recliners, while Dean had offered the other to Cas, and dragged in a wooden chair from the library for himself. He probably would have been more comfortable sprawled out on the floor with Kevin, but then he would’ve missed Cas’ reactions.
Dean cries out and jerks his hips into Cas’ mouth; Cas wraps his fingers around Dean’s thigh and presses it back, angling his hips up. With his other hand, now slick with lube, he circles a finger around Dean’s opening and presses in.
This is something different. Dean has taken Cas in his mouth before, when they were lying in bed together, but never… never on his knees.
Anna gives him a tight smile, turns on her heel and heads towards Kelly’s house. Cas walks besides her.
. Or not weird. After all, what does it matter that your best friend is in love with you, when that best friend is back from the dead?
Dean’s about to ask how far it is to the next rest stop that Cas scouted out, when the angel throws an arm out in front of him.
He drew Beverly close, so that Cas could see both of them in profile. He brushed her hair back, tangling his fingers in the glossy strands, and let his eyes dance over her face, holding her gaze for a moment before drifting down to her lips. He licked his own lips, and leaned in, brushing them gently against hers. His kisses were soft, short, teasing. Dean pulled back just enough to look Beverly in the eye again, to make sure she was hungry for him. And then he pulled her into a crushing kiss, one arm tight around her waist, the other angling her head so he could deepen the kiss.
Cas has fixed him with a determined stare, though there’s a quaver in his voice when he speaks. “I don’t want to lose your friendship.”
Main Street, Smith Center, Kansas is all sun-baked brick storefronts, housing businesses that somehow feel like they’ve been there forever, and at the same time are superimposed on the town like double-exposed film. There’s something about the too-small store signs and haphazard window displays, that gives the impression of being both comfortable and temporary. Cas thinks he can relate to its dual nature.
She bent over Cas again, paying attention to his ear, his jaw, his neck. Dean caught a glimpse of Cas’ face over Savannah’s shoulder. His eyes fluttered open, and he met Dean’s gaze in the rear-view.
Dean’s gaze slides towards Claire. Without breaking eye contact, she takes a long slug of beer, wipes her mouth with the back of her hand, and thumps the bottle back down on the table.
Jalil toddles over to his sister, and drops the hula-hoop on top of her, so that the arc of it falls across her lap. She scrunches up her eyes and frowns harder.
Cas thinks it feels surprisingly firm between his fingers, not the loose roll of paper and tobacco leaves that he was expecting. He brings it between his lips, and draws a breath. Smoke fills his mouth, and then his lungs, and there is something pleasant about the burn. It reminds him of the first cup of hot coffee he had as a human, the way the warmth of it flooded his body when he was cold and alone.
there is a love that angels are supposed to have for creation for each other for their Father and Castiel had that love and a piece was broken off and put back wrong with edges and corners out of place stabbing and tearing at him but it’s precious it’s (more than the dead more than) the world to him and it’s
“It’s been years since I could fly.” Cas says carefully. “I was thinking I’d take some time for myself, get used to it again.”
Uriel smirks, which is the only warning he gives before saying, “Is that what you call screwing Dean Winchester?”
Dinner continues. Claire, Jody, and Eileen trade hunting stories back and forth, with Kaia shyly interjecting every now and then. Jack hangs off of Claire’s every word; as the meal goes on, he slowly starts slouching and turning sideways in his chair, mimicking her posture.
Dean tried to shut out the angel’s voice, tried to focus on figuring out whether a hulking shape in the distance was a rock or a creature. Tried not to think about Hester,
Wendy had fairy lights strung around her bedroom, and a king-sized mattress on the floor, piled high with multi-coloured pillows. Cas lay on his back among the pillows, as Wendy rode his cock, and Dean fucked her ass.
“You mind driving today?” Dean asked casually. “Me and Cas really tired ourselves out last night. If you know what I mean,” he added with a wink.
But there’s an unmistakable note of regret in Dean’s voice when he says, "I always wanted you with me. You didn't know?"
A few days after the firing range incident, Dean had introduced Cas to the magic of Putlocker. They sat next to each other on Dean’s bed, the heat from the laptop battery mixing with the heat from Cas’ thigh pressed against Dean’s. Dean angled the laptop screen towards Cas, letting him scroll though the titles. Problem was, Cas seemed to pick movies based entirely on how pretty he thought the posters were. After Dean gently steered him away from a number of films that prominently featured sunsets and women in old fashioned dresses, Dean decided to lay down the law.
On the way out of Massachusetts, they passed a surprising number of Southern-style diners for New England. Dean could only take so much before he gave into temptation and pulled into one for an early lunch.
Cas is finished with the wards and leans, weary, against the wall. Dean smiles at him, because that’s the other thing he enjoys about fighting: that after six months of fighting side-by-side every day, he and Cas fit. They can sense each other’s movements, predict what the other is going to do, and what they’re going to need. It’s that sense of connection that keeps Dean going, that makes each battle feel like an awesome feat, instead of a grim bid for survival.
She turns to look at him, and though her eyes are glassy, her face is studiously blank, unflinching and insistent.
Dean takes a breath, clenches a fist against Cas’ back. He feels like he’s gotten away with making a crossroads deal without paying any price.
“Oh yeah, babe,” he moaned, and kissed her one more time before she turned her attention back to Cas.
Whatever that meant, it seemed to disturb Cas. He frowned at the table top with a distant look, and didn’t notice Dean’s approach.
The translation is an easy matter, which is lucky for Cas. After the past couple of days, it’s strange to be in the bunker and not feel Dean close by, and Cas finds himself distracted by his absence.
“Thank you,” Cas says with a weak smile. He doesn’t admit that a part of him thinks that Eileen must be wrong. There must be something he can do that will make Dean plainly and simply happy again.
Suddenly, supporting the weight of his vessel feels like far too much effort. Castiel collapses on the ground. He feels blood collecting in his throat.
“You got it,” Sam said from the front seat, as if the request was being made under perfectly normal circumstances.
Sam has already dashed around the store, picking up the extra ingredients that Dean insisted were necessary, even after his shopping trip yesterday, and is leaning against the grocery cart, staring at his phone as he waits for Cas to select produce.
“Of course, if your daughter is looking for volunteer hours, she’s welcome to help with Sunday School classes,” Richard is telling a balding man in a sweater vest, when he feels a tug at the hem of his jacket.
“Look, I know I ain’t good at…” Dean laughs, a short, sharp sound. “God, at being ‘out’, ‘cause that’s what I am now, I guess.” He swallows uneasily. “But… I can work on it.”
“Oh! And there she is!” Jody declares as Claire returns to the map room. She’s on her own, so Cas assumes that Dean went back to the kitchen.
“Thank you for trying to help me, Dean,” Cas said after a while. His hand had fallen away from his face, and his breathing had evened out, but he was still just staring blankly at the ceiling. “But I think I’m a hopeless case, as a human.”
He doesn’t take his eyes off of Dean’s face, watching for any reaction, good or bad. But all Dean can do is stare, eyes wide and lips parted, as Cas takes hold of his cock. Castiel’s eyes flick downward, looking at Dean's erection almost contemplatively. Then they slide back up to Dean’s face, unblinking, as he takes Dean deep in his mouth.
“I thought the point of your new Heaven was free will, not enlightenment,” Anael says, cocked head and folded arms. “Free will includes the ability to choose hedonism.”
Dean was a lot more direct in his approach. “Okay, Cas, listen here,” he said firmly. He knew that Cas had gotten a lot better about being bad at stuff after the firing range, but this was too important to give Cas the chance to get frustrated and give up.
“We were talking about what a terrible father Lucifer was,” Jack answers, with a blitheness that says he’s been matching his mother drink-for-drink. His gaze flits towards Uriel, and then slides towards Cas with a knowing gleam. “But I think we’ve exhausted that topic.”
He shoves Cas away; Cas lets him. Of course, out of everything that Dean feels, anger is what comes to the fore, running tense through his body as he stands.
Dean laughed. It occurred to him that he could teach Cas to be more subtle. But then he wouldn't be Cas anymore, and Dean loved him the way that he was.
Castiel’s gaze drifts back up to Dean’s face, sparking with incredulity. “You think you told me something I didn’t already know was true?"
“Cas. Think about what we could have,” Dean says softly, almost cooing. Sliding a hand up Cas’ face to tangle his fingers in his hair, hearing Cas sigh at the touch. “Everything you want. I saw it, and I’m telling you it’s yours.”
He watches Kaia tear the corners off of her napkin. He catches her eye, and smiles kindly. Kaia smiles back.
And as he sat in the car, he felt exhausted at the prospect of having to keep grasping for another day.
Dean leans over Cas, one knee on the bed. He holds Cas by the jaw, tips his face up, and kisses him, deep.
He opened his eyes and let his gaze move across Cas’ face. Cas, clueless and stubborn and loyal and good, who could be terrifying, who could be blunt and abrupt, but who in that moment, when Dean needed him to be soft, was looking at Dean with so much care and so little judgement.
It’s a couple of weeks After Chuck, and Dean feels like he doesn’t know a lot of things. At this particular moment, he doesn’t know what he was planning to make for dinner. He stares at the vegetables arrayed on the cutting board, and can’t remember. His eyes follow the curve of the knife, and he hears the words,
right. Having Cas ride shotgun made it much easier for Dean to catch the way Cas’ face lit up every time Springsteen belted the chorus, to share a smile over the sax solo, to countdown “One, two, three, four” after the bridge.
When they kiss, the mess of emotions that Cas picks up from Dean narrows down, becomes simple. But not for very long.
The pizzeria has the awkwardly open floor plan of a space that was built for another purpose and remodeled without expertise. Wood laminate panels the walls, and the light from cheaply-shaded fixtures is a bit too harsh for the mood the restaurant owners seem to be going for. Shakey tables are scattered around, draped in red-and-white checked tablecloths.
Every weapon Dean wields feels wrong in his hands. The only things that could hurt the souls of purgatory were Castiel and the angel blade. Even though Dean doesn’t use the blade anymore, he hasn’t given it back to Cas.
He shifted on his feet, and said casually, “Cas, I noticed, you never try to pick up girls when we’re out.”
replay in his head. He closes his eyes and curses under his breath. Blood pounding in his skull, Dean decides for the fifth time so far that day to try to be the man Cas thought he was. To just keep going.
"So, how’s this going to work?" she asks, arms crossed. "Me teaching angels how to think like humans?"
“I don’t know,” Cas says waspishly. “But Uriel hates humanity and has a fixation with Lucifer. Jack is half-human and wants nothing to do with Lucifer.” He dodges around a tombstone, glaring at it for daring to exist in his path. “We at least need to save Jack from an extremely unpleasant social situation.”
Dean sidles through the door, all sly smile and bedroom eyes. “What, I can’t drop in on my best friend?”
They find Jack and Uriel in the middle of a vast, gray, muddy expanse. It’s pockmarked with craters, and littered with exploded shells and bullet casings. The stench of death hangs in the air, even though there aren’t any corpses that Cas can see. He suspects that might soon change, as two masses of soldiers, men in sweat and mud-soaked uniforms, move towards each other. They walk slowly, as if through water, their experience of the moment drawn out over time.
There’s a hug from Sam, and a story from Jack, told around the kitchen table. As far as Dean is concerned, these are distractions.
The way he looked at Dean in that moment, warm and calm and confident, made Dean feel sure as well. The way Cas looked at him made Dean feel like he could fall into his eyes.
Finally, he couldn’t take it any more. Trying to keep it casual, Dean picked up a box of ammunition, flipping the lid and shaking it around to determine if they needed more silver bullets, and asked, “Hey Sam, what did Kevin mean when he said I've been ‘obnoxious’? What's that all about?”
Jody, Sam and Eileen have already exhausted the topic of tofu preparation and Eileen’s complaints about Sam’s eating habits by the time an awkward silence settles over the table.
"You said he-- you’d be young forever. But you don’t look like him anymore. You look old." She tells the sky, "But I guess you do still look like him, ‘cause he would've looked like this, right? If he got to get old?"
He immediately spots Claire a few yards away, leaning against an erosion wall and exhaling fumes into the fading light. As he approaches, he feels as if Claire is made of barbed wire, coiled tight and razor-sharp.
A swell of shouts and laughter rises from the small crowd that’s gathering around the Miltons, as more friends and family join in.
Dean holds Cas’ face between his palms, and demands, “You know you can’t love me like that and take it away again.”
At the bottom of the stairs, she throws her arms around Sam and then Dean in greeting, while Kaia gives Jack a tentative hug.
Dean grins wolfishly and leans in for another kiss. But Cas doesn’t need to be able to feel Dean’s emotions to tell that they’re getting messy and jumbled.
“Dean, you’re beautiful,” Cas said, voice breaking from deep gravel to a breathy whisper. Dean shuddered at how wrecked he sounded. “You’re perfect. You’re everything,
been helping,” Anna shrugs mildly. “We made the rounds, I introduced him to everyone. Then Uriel asked if Jack could join him in the heaven he’s working on, and Jack went.”
“You’re not leaving, are you?” Dean says, hearing the anxiety in his voice and not caring. “You just got here.”
Beverly cupped Cas’ face in her hand and tilted his chin up to look at her. “Come on, baby,” she cooed. He got to his feet, and she stepped out of her jeans. Now naked, she took Cas by the hand and led him to her bed. Dean watched as Beverly removed Cas’ belt, and pushed his jeans and underwear over his hips.
Claire stares at Jack for a long moment. Then she starts gathering the playing cards and mixing them up.
been in love before, hasn’t he? That’s how he knows what to call his relationship with Cas (family, brothers)? But when Dean thinks of
Dean held out his hand towards Kevin. The young prophet stared at him incredulously, before rolling his eyes, picking up the quarter from where it had landed on the floor, and tossing it back to Dean.
“It seems that he shares your opinion on the futility of a free Heaven,” Cas says grimly. “He thinks we might as well give up now, enjoy ourselves before Naomi takes over again.”
“You’re supposed to be saving your mojo for important stuff,” Dean snaps, annoyed, because Purgatory wears Cas out, and he doesn’t like to think about how long they’d survive without the angel’s powers. Bleeding for the sigils drains him enough.
There’s a knot of something else, something deeper, that’s being worked out too. The murkiness of Dean’s emotions washing clear, as resentment and fear and… and obligation fall away. Dean lets himself be taken care of, lets
“Maybe it’s better between me and Dean because we’re in love and you weren’t,” Cas says, with a proud tilt to his chin.
Everyone in the room turns to stare at him, with expressions ranging from shock to venomous irritation.
They pass another cottage at one point, but this time Dean gives it only a passing glance before striding on, muttering under his breath about creepy-ass taxidermists.
"No worries. We were talking about you, so." Dean gives Cas an uneasy smile and a shrug. "She seemed to take it okay, right?"
"Anna told me that you’re building a new Heaven. And I support that. I’d just like to understand it better."
Claire apparently doesn’t hear Dean’s question, since the next sound Cas hears is the bunker door slamming shut.
He sighs, and grits out, “I’m sorry for denigrating your decision to join humanity. I see now that there may,
A spike of worry rockets through Cas. It’s not a conscious prayer, but the feeling forms words, almost of its own volition.
One night, they were camped out in a crevice in a rock face, no more than six feet across. They built a fire at the entrance, and they each leaned against opposite walls. Cas started telling Dean about how he was raised from Perdition.
Cas moaned loudly, and Dean quickly brought the hand that was extended under Cas’ neck up to cover his mouth, while making shushing noises in his ear. If Sam heard Cas’ sex moans, Dean would never hear the end of it. The next thing Dean knew, Cas had gotten two of Dean’s fingers in his mouth, and was sucking on them.
Cas tries for a smile, gentle and understanding. Claire doesn't smile back, but he can see some of the tension ease off of her.
Dean knows he’s said the right thing when Cas’ body turns more fully towards his, a look of wonder on his face, breathing out his name, “Dean…”
While Cas is painting the crumbling walls with wards, Dean paces the room. There’s a narrow, dusty palate for sleeping, a rickety table, and a single chair with a broken leg, but otherwise the room is bare. He looks out the window at the decaying settlement, buildings packed close together, vaguely humanoid creatures staring out of the shadows with glowing eyes, and finds that he’s looking forward to tomorrow.
“Oh! Uh, thanks,” Dean stammers. He jerks awkwardly, like he was going to walk towards Jack but then thought better of it. Instead, he just says, “Hey Jack. Good to see you. You’re early.”
“Yes,” he said confidently. He said, knowing that one of the things that she wanted was for him to be honest.
Dean shut his eyes, and let the words hit him. Like the answer to a question he hadn’t known he’d been asking. He swallowed and took a shaky breath. “And before that?”
Cas sips his tea. The tannin, lemon and sugar come together in a cohesive whole on his tongue, and he nods, pleased.
Finally, cautiously, Cas looked Dean in the eye. “It’s embarrassing.” Cas explained awkwardly. “To not know anything. About... sports.”
Dean is self-aware enough to realize that he doesn’t like the sound of Cas questioning his feelings. But he stops short of considering why.
Castiel doesn’t turn to face him when he answers. "I’ll draw them off. You head towards the settlements."
"But I'm here now," Cas says quickly. He moves back towards Dean, trails his fingers up his bare forearm, the soothing ghost of a touch. “And I'm not going anywhere,” he adds, knowing that whenever he’s said that over the past couple of days, Dean has let go of his tension. It works this time, too.
“Nah,” Dean answered. He ticked his head towards the back seat, where Cas sat slouched over and lightly snoring. “Let the guy sleep, he’s earned it.”
Cas sits next to Dean in the front, and for the first time that day feels grateful that Sam is back, and knows about him and Dean, because it means that Cas gets to experience being Dean’s in this way -- openly and casually.
He moved to Cas’ left side, sliding his hand off his shoulder, and reaching in front of him for the cue.
Cas turns his attention to Claire, though under the table he trails his fingers across Dean’s knee, in what he hopes is a soothing gesture. And sure enough, as Claire tells her story, he feels Dean begin to relax.
Jack takes a step towards Balthazar, and the air starts to physically vibrate with tension. Balthazar’s eyes widen as he realizes just what kind of bear he’s been poking.
Dean’s face is flat and blank as he stands and pulls his t-shirt over his head. “Don’t think about it too hard. You’re back now.”
Cas stands by Dean’s bedroom door, waiting for him to get dressed. He glances down at his own body, at the suit and coat that he put on with a wave of his hand a few seconds ago.
As soon as Sam was out of earshot, Dean leaned across the table and asked in a hushed voice, “So last night? How’d it rate?”
He turns to look at Anna. Her hair gleams in the willow-dappled light, still the colour of the box dye she used as a human, rather than the lighter shade of red she inherited from her mother. Her arms are crossed, her expression sombre.
He drags his breadstick through the sugar on his plate, and the sugar adheres to the oil. He takes a bite. It's tolerable.
“My first impulse is to lie and say, ‘yes,’” Castiel answers. “But in the interest of honesty and communication: no.” He sways and blinks. “Just give me a minute."
His gaze drifts from Cas’ face, talking about angels that Dean would probably recognize the names of if he was paying attention, to Cas’ hands, still loosely wrapped around a beer. Hands that shoved him away the last time they met. Hands that could do other things to Dean, if he asked.
“But I want to watch!” she complains, and Cas isn’t sure how much she’s teasing, and how much she’s serious.
“Mom, dad,” Anna says, looking to them each in turn. “This is my… this is Castiel.” Before Cas can nod in greeting, she adds quickly, “He’s my brother.”
Cas raises a hand to Dean’s face, tilts his chin up. Cas looks into his eyes, that familiar green, and can see Dean’s soul, swaying openly towards Cas, and curling defensively in on itself. He can see Dean’s soul, and it’s still a mystery to him.
They find Sam in the Curiosity Shop, which is less dusty but just as cluttered as the second-hand store, crammed with knickknacks and the work of some local aspiring artists. Sam's inspecting what looks like a deeply cursed collection of corn husk dolls, when Dean claps a hand on his shoulder, making him jump.
"Yeah?" Dean says, his smile not reaching his eyes. "So if a triceratops fought a stegosaurus, who would win?"
“Thank you,” Kelly gushes, and reaches out with her other hand to clasp Uriel’s. He flinches, instinctively, and then softens.
Dean opens his eyes, and yelps in surprise. He’s half-hanging off the branch, and his brain is telling him that he should be hurtling to the ground, but he’s not. He scrambles into a more secure position, and sees Cas, leaning against a neighbouring branch, staring at him, heavy-lidded and unfocused.
The tape had stopped a while ago. Dean leaned over the front seat, awkwardly, but he managed to flip it over and get the music going again. The opening riff to “Heartbreaker” filled the car, steadily rising notes that fell hurriedly back down, setting a rocking kind of rhythm. Dean rolled on a condom, slicked himself up. He looked at Cas, laid out on the back seat, flushed and panting and needy. He knew he wanted to see his face, to watch him react every step of the way, from the first press in, to the climax. Dean positioned himself between his legs, licking his lips in anticipation. Cas eagerly wrapped his calves around Dean’s hips, pulling him close.
Anna and Cas turn to each other, and lock eyes. A nod is all it takes to tell Cas that Anna has decided on the same tactic as him. Cas nods back. And they move.
After two and a half days in Purgatory, Dean and Castiel find a copse of trees growing close together, forming a protective circle around a few square feet of forest floor. Castiel says that once he paints wards on the trees it should provide sufficient shelter for them to rest a while. Dean doesn’t question him; he needs to sleep and this is the first chance he’s gotten. He lies down, balls up his coat under his head, and is asleep before Castiel can tell Dean that he’ll keep watch.
Dean Winchester’s face swims into focus. He’s scratched up, but in one piece. Castiel attempts to smile, but doesn’t think he’s very successful.
“Look, I should’ve told you earlier, but I’m sorry about what I said before. About all this being your fault. I didn’t mean it,” Dean says firmly, like once he gets the words out, everything will be back to normal.
Like a breaking storm, Jody bursts through the bunker door, all smiles and joyous energy. Claire and Kaia trail in behind her.
When they rolled into town, Dean got one room for Sam, and one room for him and Cas to share. Back when he’d started with the separate rooms, he’d said that they all needed the space, and that was still true. It would be weird to change up the pattern now.
For a while, Dean trusted that Beverly was taking care of Cas. Her mouth travelled slowly from his neck to his chest to his stomach, and her shoulder flexed as she worked his cock with her hand, drawing moans and sighs from his lips. So Dean focused on her. He trailed kisses down her spine, making her shiver. The hand on her breasts alternated between squeezing, pinching her nipples just hard enough, and soothing caresses. With his other hand he found her clit, and rubbed at a pace that made her unconsciously roll her hips, occasionally dipping his fingers between the folds of her cunt. His mouth moved lower down her back. Hit bit the soft flesh of her ass, and then dragged his tongue over her rim.
“Oh, I was talking about Beverly,” Dean corrected, with a grin that said he knew exactly what kind of reaction he was about to get from his brother. “She really tuckered him out.”
“Dean?” Cas asked after a couple of minutes. There was a note of caution in his voice that unsettled Dean. “When we get back to the hotel… we’re sleeping in the same bed, right?”
Dean’s eyebrows flew up to his hairline and he bit back a grin. “That’s my boy! Knew I taught you to use the internet for a reason. So: spill. Find some good instructional videos?” He chuckled.
Dean bit his lip to keep himself from doing or saying anything. To keep from acting on the voice that sounded like John, screaming,
Left unchecked, the soccer game could continue for years, the newly dead entering as other souls bow out, all taking their turn at chasing the same thing. Something that shimmers, even on a perpetually overcast day.
Cas leaned in to kiss him, but before he could, Dean ducked his head to plant his lips on Cas’ neck, to bite at his shoulders, to suck marks into his chest, drawing gasps and sighs out of Cas’ mouth. He hummed against Cas’ skin, tilting his head in an exaggerated fashion, putting on a show for Maureen. Showing her how Cas ought to be appreciated.
The frown slipped off of Cas’ face, and for a long moment his expression was blank and unreadable. Then he blinked rapidly, nodded, and turned towards the door. “Right. Okay, then.”
“Oh, hey! I know!” Dean snaps his fingers, and starts scrolling through movie titles. “I can never watch this one with Sam anymore.”
Cas’ eyebrows popped up. He glanced at Beverly, who had reconvened with her friends and was giggling with them, while still keeping her eyes fixed on Dean and Cas. With a sharp intake of breath his eyes widened, pushing his brows up higher. He looked back at Dean, who was biting his tongue between his teeth in a poor attempt to suppress his giddiness. Cas' mouth fell open and he goldfished mutely for several seconds before saying,
. Dean shrugged. With another look at the ammo he decided they were good for one more hunt and put the bullets back. He picked up a bronze dagger that was just sitting on top of a pile of charms, unsheathed.
Maureen grazed the shell of Dean’s ear with her teeth as her voice dipped lower. “Have you ever seen a more delicious cock in your life? And those hands, so wide and strong.”
Cas knows that he would spend every day worshipping Dean if he could. Those lips that slide down his shaft again, plush and wet; those hands that grip his hips for support; those eyes that glint up at him in the dim, warm light. Cas would build temples to him, would sing devotional hymns, would erect statues to bow before.
“You’re not just some grifter,” he says firmly. “You’re better than that. Now’s your chance to show everyone what you can do.”
He’s rewarded when Dean lets the robe drop to the floor. The angles of his body are softened by the warm light of the desk lamp, and Cas’ eyes rake over his skin, every inch that he’s touched, that he’s marked.
Beverly’s apartment was a one-room studio, with a couch and TV taking up the centre of the space, a kitchen counter off to the side of the door. A wide bed was set against the far wall; and though it was partially hidden by a screen, it was unmissable from the entranceway.
"Especially if I spend some time talking to them," Jack continues. "I asked Indra why he wasn’t building heavens, and he said he didn’t see the point, so I took him to the kindergarten, and showed him how much happier the kids were than even in their best memories. And I think it worked!"
Dean hailed a waitress to order a pitcher of beer, rather than going to the bar and running the risk of interrupting Cas.
"Not really," Dean continues. "You’re something…" he shakes his head. "Something that gives me headaches if I think about it too long."
"Doesn't go with the slacks, though," Dean mentions casually. He goes back to his search, keeping his hands busy with flipping over cassette tapes. "Why don't you pick out some new duds while we're here?"
Cas fixes his eyes on Dean, and he’s either struggling to focus, or struggling to keep from focusing. It’s so different from what Dean’s used to. He doesn’t have the vocabulary to deal with Cas like this.
Just as Dean feels he’s about to be overwhelmed, something else cuts through. Something cold and sharp. A clinical, scientific fascination, that wraps itself around his brain and won’t let go, digging in its claws and compelling his attention. It’s followed by a sense of aesthetic appreciation that’s so aloof and objective that Dean wonders how it can coexist alongside emotions at all. But it’s soon overcome by loyalty, all-encompassing but soothing in its familiarity. Then the loyalty grows into devotion, and the devotion into worship--the kind that demands sacrifice. It keeps growing, terrifying in its weight until it’s shattered. By frustration, jealousy, betrayal, resentment, that all flash briefly together and then disappear.
As always, Cas is struck by Dean’s form. Muscular, but soft around the middle, freckles scattered across his shoulders. By human standards he’d be considered strong, but Cas can only see how delicate and breakable he is, and how much in need of comfort.
He hears a giggle from Anna. She looks from Uriel, to Cas, to Jack, suppressed amusement making her mouth twitch, until she bursts out laughing. Uriel snickers along. Cas and Jack share a look, both confused.
Inias nods. Then he says, “Kirsten had some other suggestions too. I could take them to a zoo. Or a science museum. Or --”
as Dean gradually eases Cas’ cock into his mouth, tongue still flicking across the head; as Dean relaxes his throat, and takes Cas in fully.
There’s no fire to keep Dean warm, no sheltering cave walls, just the boughs of a freakishly hand-like tree, covered in dripping wards painted in Castiel’s blood. Dean is half-afraid that the branches are going to clamp shut at any moment and squeeze the life out of him. He thinks that there’s no way he’ll be able to sleep like this, but he’s so exhausted that he passes out as soon as he closes his eyes.
Dean’s pleas transform into a long moan as Cas pushes into him. It takes all of Cas’ self-control to not bury himself in Dean with one hard thrust, but instead ease his way in gradually. When he’s finally fully seated, Cas takes a long, shuddering breath.
“Look, Cas…” he started, but then came up short. There either weren’t words for what Dean wanted to say, or when he came close to finding them, they sounded kinda stupid.
As she said that, Dean felt something that he couldn’t name. It felt like fire under his skin. Like a fishhook in his gut.
“Cas, buddy, you know you can ask me anything, right?” Dean asked, dispensing with the pretext that he wasn’t worried. The fact that Cas had decided to confide in
He slides into bed with Dean, and it’s as if nothing else exists outside of the four walls of the bedroom. He curls against Dean’s back, wrapping one arm around his waist and pressing his palm to Dean’s heart, tucks his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. He gets lost in the rhythm of Dean’s heartbeat, of his breaths, slow and meditative, and it’s a relief to let his concerns about Heaven melt away, until all that’s left is the warmth of Dean’s skin, and the softness of the bed that they share.
“Forever,” Cas repeats without hesitation. In a mirror of how Dean is holding his face, he brushes a thumb across Dean’s cheekbone and curls his fingers in his hair. “I’ll be at your side forever.”
Sam narrows his eyes, gaze darting between Dean and Cas. He raps sharply on the table. They both jump.
Dean kissed Castiel for the first time that wasn’t a performance for someone else. Pulled him close and wrapped his arms around him tight, crushed their lips together bruisingly hard, drank him in. It was a kiss that couldn’t be walked back or brushed aside, a kiss that made its intentions clear. And Cas opened to it, clinging to Dean just as tightly, giving as good as he got, eager and shameless. It was everything that Dean had been aching for without even realizing it.
“Is that better?” he asks, and turns to see Dean watching him with a soft look and the ghost of a smile.
“Can’t help bad taste either; you should hear the trash the wife listens to.” Jeb barks out a laugh as if he made a joke, and announces Dean’s total.
Dean met Cas’ eyes on the elevator ride down, and he couldn’t help the goofy grin that spread across his face. Cas smiled back so wide his nose crinkled. It was good to see that smile.
Cas thinks, the wonder of it still as huge as when Dean first told him. Cas rests his chin in his hand, and feels a smile spread across his face, involuntary but not unwelcome.
“Most of us had only heard tales of Hell and the horrors that transpired there, including me. But we were righteous in purpose and confident that the power and glory of Heaven would prevail, and we blazed through.”
Dean glances up from the bin of cassette tapes he’s rifling through and shrugs. “Dunno, why don’t you try it on?”
“Yeah. See, mine’s too light, it fuzzes up my jawline.” Dean shrugged on his shirt, and started patting down his pockets, doing the phone-keys-wallet check. “Yours adds definition. The ladies like that.”
taste.” Dean stomped back to the kitchen table and began gathering up the dishes, clattering them a bit more than necessary.
Anna looks at Cas as if she heard him anyways. There's a soft glow of something in her eyes. Then the corners of her mouth turn up weakly.
He looks back at Cas, and finds his blue eyes staring back, a question in the line between his brows. Dean realizes how much could be read into what he said, into
Cas shrugs, more bothered by the two angels’ coldness towards him than anything else. “I did kill Rachel. And a friend of mine killed Hester. I can understand the awkwardness.”
And Cas… he doesn’t know what to do. Dean is carrying tension in his jaw, his shoulders, his fists; and things are uneasy between him and Sam, and Cas doesn’t fully understand why. He knows it has something to do with him, but he doesn’t think he’s done anything wrong. He briefly considers going away, giving the brothers space to sort themselves out, and maybe coming back with something nice for Dean, maybe a new jacket to replace the one he stained with blood. But, Dean wants Cas to stay. He’s said so, so many times in the past days that Cas can’t do anything but believe him. He asked Cas to promise to say, and Cas did. Cas can feel the want emanating from Dean, and understands now that it’s directed at him. So he doesn’t think leaving will fix anything.
Cas smiles at him and watches him disappear back into the mouth of the bunker, with one more backwards glance at Cas.
Cas gently rests a hand on Dean’s head, and Dean hums, sending reverberations shivering through Cas’ body. And Dean is beautiful like this.
“Really?” he says somberly. “Now why do you think I can help with -- oop!” The serious act falls away as Richard grasps his daughter by the ankles, and starts swinging her in a wide arc through the air.
Dean turns around, embarrassment giving way to irritation. “Of course we are, what kind of question is that?”
“Leave the stubble,” Dean said as he left the bathroom, and pulled his dark red button-down out of his duffle bag. Red was a sexy colour, always a hit with the ladies.
Dean collapses into Cas, his arms gripping him tight enough to bruise. Cas hugs him back just as fiercely, one-armed, as the other holds fast to the sickle.
“You wanted to resurrect them and go back to human life. You’ve spent hours each day in their heaven. Aren’t you going to join them?”
“Alright buddy, alright,” Dean murmured and pushed the dog off his bed. Pain split through his head and he winced as he sat up. But Miracle was there, panting and wagging his tail. Dean took a deep breath, got out of bed, and got ready to take him for a walk.
Cas doesn’t miss the way Jeb’s smile slips for a fraction of a second, or the way his eyes dart between Dean and Cas. From the frozen expression on Dean’s face, it seems like he didn’t miss it either.
As soon as they hit the bar, Dean’s heart rate jacked up. Before anything else could happen they had to meet a woman, but Dean’s thoughts kept skipping ahead to the end of the night. To Cas being “a more active participant.”
Reasoning that eavesdropping is the better option than interrupting Claire and Dean and embarrassing them both, Cas listens again.
Castiel doesn’t answer, just tilts his head and narrows his eyes at the doorway. Dean jogs over to him.
Dean lifted his head and looked at Cas. Cas met his eyes, bright and intently focused on Dean. His lips were all pink and spit-slick. He was a sight, and any thoughts that Dean had about not wanting exactly
“Your friend has really strong arms,” she said, pulling Dean’s hand off of her hip to curl around her waist.
Dean sees Castiel standing in the firelight, knows that the angel loves him, and feels tired. He doesn’t think, just goes to him, puts one hand on the back of his neck and the other on his waist, and yes, the touch is a comfort.
Jack narrows his eyes as he studies Balthazar’s face, evaluating his honesty. Inias furrows his brow in simple confusion.
“Good.” Maureen arranged herself on the chaise, teasing open her robe to reveal a bare breast. “You boys can kiss now.”
“That does remind me. Can I come over for dinner or do you and Dean still need ‘alone time’?” Jack says, curling his fingers next to his ears.
“Feels good,” Dean answered, because he knew that’s what she’d want to hear. And because it was true.
Slowly, Dean undoes Cas’ tie, unbuttons his shirt, unfastens his pants. He lets each item of clothing fall to the floor in turn, holding Cas’ gaze the entire time. When Cas is naked, Dean pushes on his shoulders until he sits on the edge of the bed, and Dean sinks to his knees. He takes off Cas’ shoes, and slides his pants off his feet.
Dean tries not to think that the same is true of him, that every time he was resurrected he’s been less human, more of a simple killer. He tries not to think of it, because he believes that it’s true.
When Maureen got the call that the taxi she’d ordered for them had arrived, she walked Dean and Cas to her door. She told them each “Good night, thank you,” and gave them both a goodbye kiss.
When Dean is naked, he stands in front of Cas, twirls his tie around his fingers, and pulls him to his feet. Cas reaches out to touch him, but Dean stops him with half a step backwards and a shake of his head. He moves back in when Cas’ hands hang still at his sides.
He turned to look at her. She was sprawled out across the chaise, her legs hanging over the end, hips angled high. He could see the vibrator pressing against her clit, sliding between the lips of her pussy, and then dipping in. He stared, mesmerized, as she stroked once, twice, and then pulled out to tease her clit again.
Cas lands on a sidewalk across the street from the Milton house. Anna is standing there, staring at the door as if in a trance.
Castiel knows this place, and it knows him. Which means that Purgatory targets his weaknesses, drains him and wears him down. But it also means that Castiel can see past the physical landscape. He can see the paths radiating from the centre of Purgatory, the path to the gate that will take him and Dean home.
music. It was telling him that if he didn’t set down firm lines, here and now, about what was acceptable and what wasn’t, then… well, then… he didn’t
And by the end of the song, it was the easiest thing in the world for Dean to sing along, “Oh honey, tramps like us, baby we were born to run.” To turn to Cas with a smirk and a wink and a, “Come on Wendy,” and sing, as Cas ducked his head in laughter, “Tramps like us, baby we were born to run.”
“Don’t get too crazy now,” Dean teases with a smirk at Sam and Eileen. He ignores the half-hearted glare that Sam aims at him, and heads towards the second-hand store.
, to hunger in a human way, to ache for food. That’s in the past now; now Cas not only doesn’t need food, but it’s an effort to find pleasure in eating at all. But he
Past the buzzing in his head, past the winding anxiety in his chest, Dean felt a warmth pool at his core, spreading out and flooding everything else. He felt like maybe all his sharp edges didn’t exist to cause pain, maybe they just needed the right place to fit, and he had just found it.
It made Dean want to share more things with Cas. Which, Dean reminded himself, he ought to be doing anyways. It was, after all, part of his job as Castiel’s friend, as his family—to teach him how to be human.
“I never knew my father,” Uriel interjects, his voice soft and deep, and mildly slurred. “But I can tell you that your son has already surpassed him in every way.”
Dean’s pronouncement only registers dully with Cas, as the discussion he’s having with Eileen takes higher priority than whatever issue Dean is having with his sexuality.
“Dude. Listen to yourself,” Sam says, eyebrows peaked in some combination of incredulity and sympathy. “You love Dean, right? Wouldn’t it screw you up if you thought you lost him forever?”
With a rustle of feathers, Naomi is gone, leaving Castiel and Anna alone in the room where she broke both of them apart.
When they’re done, they rest in an orchard in the south of France. The sun is warm and the air is sweet with ripening apricots. Jack sits in long grass that’s as gold as the sun, and leans back on his elbows, a pleased curve to his mouth. “I think we did good work today!”
“Yes.” Cas smiles. “But that doesn’t mean I’m not telling the truth. You can make your mark on Heaven, Anael.”
As the first bars of “Whole Lotta Love” played, Cas’ face remained blank and sullen. Then the bass came in. He sat up straighter and his eyes widened fractionally. When the drums kicked in during the chorus, Cas started nodding along with the beat, and a slow smile spread across his face.
“Cas…” Dean moves towards him, trance-like, taking in the angel’s new look. “How'd all this happen?”
After six months, Dean is used to fighting. It lets him escape, to not think about his situation, just act. And there’s a satisfaction that comes with slashing through the hoards of creatures, with knowing that Cas has his back, and working seamlessly as a team. These days, Dean finishes a fight with a smile on his face.
to Cas. Can see the reflection of his grace, dancing next to Dean’s soul. Cas glows, and his glow extends out of his body, brushes Dean’s skin.
Dean took a breath and tried to muster as much dignity as possible. “Look, if it’s good enough for Clarence Clemons, it's good enough for me.”
Cas surged over Dean, kissing him hungrily, like he’d been in the desert for forty days and Dean was a cold beer and a cheeseburger. His tongue down Dean’s throat, his fingers in Dean’s hair, grazing down his ribs, his cock hard against Dean’s stomach. His kiss was overwhelming, and it maybe didn’t make things
“Maybe... maybe this is the best that you can do for them,” Cas says, aware of the displeased look that Jack sends his way. “But maybe it’s already more than… than stasis.”
Cas follows her gaze, to see a group of angels approaching, determination in their stride. Benjamin, Anael, and Balthazar.
When he thought about it, Dean wasn’t surprised. The thing with Cas was that the only thing that ever seemed to embarrass him was his own powerlessness. But when it came to experiences, likes and dislikes, the guy knew no shame. Which could be awkward sometimes—Charlie had suggested some cartoon show to Cas, and Dean didn’t care how good it was, no grown man should go around in public talking about “Jake the Dog” and “Princess Bubblegum”—so Dean was trying to teach him
Still with gel on his fingers, Dean raised his hands to his friend’s hair. Cas’ eyes tracked the movement with a skeptical look, but he stood patiently until Dean was satisfied.
As convincing as Naomi’s manner is, Cas reminds himself that she can’t be trusted. He can feel Anna fuming at his side, and is glad of her presence.
Dean moves around the kitchen with a confident grace, and Cas sits and watches the arc of his arms, the skip in his step. Dean whistles to himself as he opens the fridge and bends to reach for the eggs, a bright and lilting sound. He pivots to close the fridge door with his foot, slides over to the mixing bowl, and cracks the eggs with an easy snap of his wrist. There’s a poetry to all of it.
Claire sends a tight smile in the vague direction of Castiel, before hunkering down next to Kaia. She coils an arm around Kaia’s waist and pulls her tight to her side. Kaia’s hand finds Claire’s, and she gives her a fond look.
Cas slid his hands up Dean’s chest, until they caressed his neck and shoulders. Dean sighed at the feeling. He leaned in, bringing his lips close to Cas’ mouth, nearly close enough to kiss. But he couldn’t close the distance. A strangled whine escaped his throat.
Cas makes his way to join her, scooting past souls who seem oblivious to the angel in their midst, despite his suit and tie being notably out-of-place among the polo shirts and summer gingham.
Dean was soon placated by Maureen coming to sit next to him. She took him in her arms, and kissed him, easy and soothing. Touching her, soft and curvy, was like coming back to home turf. She whispered to him, “You’re doing so well, Dean. You look amazing, and watching you makes me feel so good.”
As they talk, Dean thinks about Cas’ smile, and how good it is to see it again. He thinks about the last time he saw Cas smile. He remembers that Cas is in love with him.
Dean doesn’t want to let go. He knows what comes next. But he asks anyways, “Will I remember this? After I've moved on?”
Kevin had already scooted over to Dean’s laptop, and was typing into the search bar. “If we’re on a Bill Murray kick, can we watch something by Wes Anderson?”
“I don’t enjoy chaos, Castiel. Believe it or not, I don’t want you to fail,” she says, and there’s something chilling about her kindness. “But that doesn’t mean I won’t be ready when you do. And you will.”
“This is still a memory,” Castiel remarks as he joins Anna next to a table full of brownies and Rice Krispy squares. “You haven’t rebuilt it yet?”
Dean watched as Cas' eyes squeezed shut, his mouth fell open, his head arched back revealing the long line of his neck. Cas made a strangled, breathy sound at the back of his throat, and then his eyes opened again, pupils blown wide and shining.
“There. Much better,” Dean said. Cas’ hair was ruffled enough to look like he knew how to have fun, but not as much of a disaster as it used to be when Cas was flying in and out of the atmosphere all the time. Kind of like how it looked after Beverly got through with him.
Dean rounds on Cas, eyes bright and furious. “You want to move on from me?” He scoffs. “It figures, that you put me in your head, and I
Dean feels split open in every way. He doesn’t know how, but he’s sure that every emotion he’s ever had must be on display for Cas, the same way Castiel opened himself to Dean the previous night. And yet somehow, Cas doesn’t recoil. Instead, he murmurs about how Dean is
Dean can’t help but smile at that. Typical Cas. “I'm guessing you woulda come to see me sooner but…”
A part of Dean rebels at the fact that Castiel is, to all appearances, a man. Dean has gotten dudes off in truck stop bathrooms for money, and has treated himself to the occasional fantasy featuring Dr. Sexy, his own hand, and a bottle of lube. But none of that intruded on Dean’s carefully cultivated sense of being the man that life as a hunter demanded he be. So yeah, there’s a voice, that sounds an awful lot like John Winchester, insisting that Dean isn’t even into dudes. But in light of his glimpse at the eldritch, non-euclidian
"This is what it is to feel," he says, and there’s conviction in his voice. "It breaks you. It hurts. This is what it is to live."
The guitar and bass dropped away, leaving only the faint patter of John Bonham’s drums, and the percussion of Dean and Cas’ bodies. Skin against skin, rhythmic gasps and moans sounding with every thrust. The drums built in volume and speed, turning frantic, relentless. Cas sighed out Dean’s name in one long syllable, lifting his hips, urging him deeper. The openness with which he wanted Dean, his shamelessness, was stunning, and it lit a fire in Dean’s core. He braced himself against the roof of the car, and gave Cas what he wanted, pounding into him. Cas’ deep moans turned into cries, and the frenzied beat of the drums turned steady, rocking. Dean could feel tension building at the base of his spine, and bit his lip, hard enough to taste blood. He wrapped a hand around Cas’ cock, gave him a few good strokes, as the drums rolled, building to the climax of the song. Cas jerked erratically in Dean’s fist, arched his back, and came with a shout, spilling over his chest, as the sound of guitar burst back over the speakers. A few more sharp thrusts, and Dean was coming too, fucking Cas through his orgasm, stopping only when his vision turned gray at the edges.
Cathy’s ecstatic moan was enough of an explanation for Dean. As was the way that she pounded her fist against the mattress as Cas thrust into her, and the way she grit and bared her teeth. Yeah, Dean was glad he got his dick out of her mouth when he did.
“Yeah, of course.” Dean thinks back to the bedroom, with it’s huge glass display case, filled with wings. He shudders, and sits down next to the angel.
Balthazar folds his arms, a cynical arch to his eyebrow. “You can’t be trying that hard if you split your time between Heaven and your little bride back on Earth.”
They eat in comfortable silence. While the taste of the pancakes is still a bit too much for Cas to parse, he does appreciate the texture, light and soft enough to fall apart on his tongue. He tells Dean as much, and Dean seems pleased with the verdict.
starts to feel less intimidating. Cas laughs at all the wrong moments, and Dean lets himself enjoy the sound. He basks in the warm rumble that he thought he’d never hear again, eyes frequently sliding over to where Cas sits in one of the two matching arm chairs. He takes in the sight of his best friend next to him, the crows’ feet around his eyes and the way his nose crinkles when he smiles, and thinks,
The chorus of groans from the scored-on team is drowned out by the cheers of the victors. The moment doesn’t last long, however, as the ball re-enters play, and the children converge on it again. The crying boy is no longer crying. He rejoins the game, seamlessly becoming one with the running, laughing mob of children.
Cas was looking around the room with narrowed eyes, head still cocked. “Just to be absolutely clear on what’s happening here…”
When he was satisfied with the position of his arm, Dean stood as close to Cas as possible without actually getting cheek-to-cheek with the guy, doing his best to share his eye-line. "Now look," he said, gesturing between the cue ball and where the other balls stood lined up. Their bodies were pressed together along their sides, except for where the hard line of the pool cue came between them at Cas' hip. "See the line from the centre of the cue ball to where you want it to go. We're not gonna worry about spin just yet. For now, just follow that line with your cue."
Dean nodded. He and Cas were in love. Good. He’d make it good. And fuck anyone who got in their way.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean figures that probably means that Cas wants him to get a bit rougher. He clenches his hands tighter in Cas’ hair, and thrusts into his mouth. He feels Cas swallow around him.
Dean is barely thinking about what he’s doing, but knows whatever it is, he’s not giving up. He softens his voice, and lets it lilt up in question. “But you
“- but I knew that though you had been touched by corruption, it didn’t change who you were. You were there for righteous reasons, and it was the nature of Hell to corrupt,” Cas said, reassuring. He fixed Dean with a steady gaze, and Dean felt his breathing slow, his heart rate calm.
Dean doesn't push toppings on Cas, but Cas does ask to try some of the strawberries. He doesn’t enjoy them, but he does appreciate the way Dean’s eyes slide to him to catch his reaction.
The corners of Dean’s lips twitch, as if someone’s telling a joke that Cas is unaware of. “Yeah, in real life. This is a movie. The curse is just an excuse to tell the story.”
“The-the last time, he was taking dumbass risks on cases, like he didn’t care about his life anymore,” Sam says, speaking progressively faster. “He literally fucking killed himself, just so he could talk to some ghosts.”
He opened his eyes. Cas was standing tall in the neon light, a streak of blue running across his jaw, red framing his shoulders, open and unashamed.
“Yeah,” he says gruffly, and lets out a slightly hysterical laugh. He turns around and leans against the counter, his eyes darting up to make contact with Cas’ before flitting away again. “Yeah, I uh… yeah.”
Sam and Dean had dug up the nun’s grave, salted and burned her bones, then had gone back into the convent to check for anything else that the ghost might be attached to. They were in a second-floor bedroom in a rotting wing of the building when Sam picked up a rosary, and the ghost appeared, wailing in heartbreak and flying at Sam.
Dean looked at Cas. His eyes were wide, his brow furrowed, his mouth downturned. He looked so sad, but so open, wanting to understand.
a werewolf. He was a serial killer freak who embraced his monthly murder sprees and kept souvenirs from his victims.
Meanwhile, Cas sits next to Eileen at the map table as Sam fills Jody in on the details of defeating Chuck. Jody listens with eyebrows halfway up her forehead and mouth hanging open.
The two of them are stars in the night sky, and Heaven is spread out below them, a patchwork of small worlds and paradises.
"Ha!” Dean exclaims, equal parts triumph and relief, and is about to follow it up with an “I told you so,” but then he realizes that he’d be talking to himself again, and that’s a little weird. Instead he exhales something between a chuckle and a sigh, and beams at his friend.
Cas took a steadying breath, and calmed himself; as Dean felt his heart thunder in his chest and blood pound in his skull.
He took her hand, at which point Beverly seemed to register that she was trying to pick up a guy at a bar by shaking his hand. She blushed lightly, but committed to her decision, and shook back firmly.
"Careful," Sam says. "He already barely lets anyone else use the kitchen. I don’t wanna see what happens when he’s encouraged."
Cas takes an experimental bite out of his cheesy breadstick. He's immediately overwhelmed by the taste of oils and fermentation. Sadly, he sets it down.
Dean cards his fingers through Cas’ hair as Cas continues to idly dot Dean’s body with kisses, with no real intent or plan.
“Can you guys deal with this?” he asked Sam and Cas. He gestured to the husband, who stood frozen, staring bug-eyed at the scene around him. “I need to go find a hose.”
On his knees, Dean can’t help but stare at Cas’ cock. Long, and flushed and hard, beading precome at the tip.
Dean swiveled around. “What’s that s’posed to mean?” he demanded, as Cas objected, “Dean’s not obnoxious.”
Two weeks later, Dean held a blonde named Paula in his lap, as Cas knelt with her legs over his shoulders, and his mouth on her cunt. Cas hummed sensually against her clit, and Paula arched her back, grinding her ass against Dean’s cock.
The chasm opens up out of the fog as if from nowhere. Dean can’t make out an end to it in either direction, or a way across. He turns to Cas.
Dean built up a steady rhythm, one hand on Beverly’s hip, the other intermittently pressing, stroking and rubbing her clit.
“I’m glad tonight happened,” he said. He hesitated for a breath, and smiled shyly. But his eyes were gleaming and direct when he said, “It was an honour to bring you pleasure.”
Cas looks over his shoulder to make sure that Sam is safely out of the room as Dean reels him in. Satisfied that they’re alone, Cas relaxes into Dean’s pull.
Anna looks away, and Cas follows her gaze. Together they look down on the heavens. There’s a small speck of green where Richard and Amy wait for their daughter to come home.
about his reaction, about his happiness. Cas likes that it's directed towards him. He thinks he could get addicted to seeing it.
They hear Sam before they see him. His footsteps clomp down the hall, and he calls out, "Hey guys! I want to ask you something."
Cas wants to take Dean’s hand in his own, to hold it gently and still its fidgeting. But he can’t tell right now if Dean would find that comforting or confining.
"I’m sorry--" Cas says, because it seems like a better response than asking what specific lie Claire’s referring to.
Dean glanced over Cas’ shoulder, seeing Maureen leaning against the bar. She raised a manicured hand and waved at him.
Dean hears the rustle of wings, and is on his feet and turning towards the sound even before it’s followed by a familiar, “Hello Dean."
Cas nodded, a subtle dip of his chin. For a moment Dean forgot why he was standing so close, and continued to stare into Cas' eyes. Then he blinked.
Cas thinks, after that day, he isn’t sure that’s true. There are parts of Dean that he still keeps shut away. Cas immediately hates himself for the thought.
Beverly bit her lip and raised an eyebrow questioningly, twirling a strand of hair between her fingers.
“Everyone here might see you as the head honcho,” she says, and Cas frowns at the implication that he holds more authority than Jack, “but the archangels still hold a lot of sway. And Gabriel’s not too happy with the isolationist policy either.”
Anna stares off in the direction that Hester and Rachel left in, then turns towards where they came from.
Dean knew he had a responsibility towards Cas. To teach him to be a guy, do guy things with him. But he didn’t think he would be abandoning the responsibility if he just… bookmarked football and came back to it later.
Anna points towards the hedge at the edge of the small cemetery next to the church, and they start walking towards it together. “Come on,” she chides. “How bad can it be?”
From above, Heaven casts a gentle glow. Most of the rebuilt heavens shine with summer sun or autumn bonfires. The first generation angels gravitate towards them, the ones that are easy to design. To be fair, they make up the vast majority of the angels' work, as they hold the vast majority of humanity -- the first two hundred thousand years of tribal people, nomads, early farmers. In their heavens the harvests are good, the hunting is plentiful, the earth full of bounty  and it’s a time of feasting and festivals. There is food, and music, and games, and people gathered. Not only from neighbouring villages or sister tribes, but from across generations. Souls sit, as youths, at the feet of their ancestors, and listen to their stories; and then they turn, as elders, to look on the faces of their children’s children’s children with joy and pride. There’s a sense of community, of family in these heavens that has nothing to do with the angels’ constructions.
The server is a bustling older woman, with upswept hair and bejeweled glasses. The nametag on her black blouse identifies her as “Marie”, and she greets the Winchesters with the impersonal familiarity of a service worker.
Dean blinks and coughs. “That-that’s great, buddy,” he stammers, and begins gathering up the dishes as his face turns red.
Dean felt like he could melt into the tiles, as he was engulfed in steam and heat and water. He felt slick skin sliding his own, and Maureen’s kiss.
"Uh huh?--" Jody begins to prompt, at the same time as Dean says in a rush, "Me and Cas, we’re uh, we’re dating."
She turned to Cas and kissed him deep. With both hands on his shoulders, she encouraged him to move up the bed until his head hit the pillows. She straddled his hips, and slid her wet pussy against his cock. Cas groaned. He pushed himself up on his elbows, but Beverly met him with a hand on his chest, and pinned him back down again.
He’s getting used to Purgatory. If he wasn’t, if his actions meant the same thing here as they did in that other life, then, well then there would be a whole lot of different meanings to consider. But Dean’s getting used to Purgatory, so it’s easy to go from fighting for his life alongside an angel, to pulling that angel up against his body and pressing his lips to Castiel’s. Cas is easy, with his hands and his mouth and his body, eager, with those eyes that radiate something that washes over Dean. Here, tearing through a horde of corrupted beasts, and getting off with Cas in whatever moments are free from danger and exhaustion, mean the same thing to Dean. It means being alive and being connected and living in that exact moment when everything is easy.
Dean is pulsing blood and bared skin, sweat and spit, blown pupils and laboured breathing. He is the buzzing heat that rises off his body. And Cas is there besides him, and they move like they’re extensions of each other. Cas is there besides him, radiating power, radiating something that washes over Dean that makes his skin tingle and doesn’t let his heart rate slow down. It would scare him if it wasn’t so familiar.
Cas’ brow was furrowed and his head was cocked as he glanced between Dean and Maureen. As confused as he looked, he still answered, “Yes…”
So instead, Dean researched. With angels ordered off the playing field by Jack, Hell under the benevolent dictatorship of Rowena, and Billie dead, there wasn’t much else that could have pulled Dean back from the brink like that.
Softly, Cas said, “I've been happier with you than I think I ever have been, and I don't want that to stop. But I understand if you don’t feel the same way.” His eyes dropped to the floor again, and he shrugged. “I just thought you should know.”
And Dean couldn’t do it. He never wanted to hurt Cas at all. He wanted to indulge Cas, in this, and in everything else, for the rest of their lives. Maybe the world would be cruel to him -- hell, it already had been -- but selfishly, Dean didn’t want to add to that cruelty.
As he was waiting for Cas and Sam to join him in the garage, Dean sorted through his cassette tapes. He wanted to save his all-time favourites for the record player in his room. But there was still plenty of great music that Cas hadn’t heard yet.
“That’s wonderful! Congratulations! I’ll see what I can do about getting you a dessert on the house.” Marie winks.
Cas sighs, resigned to the mystery of Dean’s moods. “Let’s not keep them waiting,” Cas says, and walks past Dean towards the hallway.
Before Cas could reply, Sam interjected, “But not good enough to get you out of buying our next round.”
Over his shoulder, Cas can see Anna, Amy and Charlotte laughing together, idly throwing handfuls of grass at each other.
Dean stood behind Cas with a hand on his shoulder. “You need a wider stance,” he said, and kicked the insides of Cas’ shoes until he shuffled them apart. “Weight on your back foot.”
“What?” he snaps, and he can’t even look at her. “What are you going to say, Anna? That you agree with her, but I should keep trying anyway?”
Balthazar raises a sardonic brow and says, deadpan, “You see, there’s a ballerina that I was boinking before I was murdered, and word’s gotten round that a human paramore is all you need to get a hall pass to earth.”
It also makes sense that Dean would want Cas’ undivided attention while they’re together. And Cas is more than willing to give it to him.
As Cas settled on the bed next to him, Dean shifted awkwardly. Had they always sat so close together? They must have. Whenever Dean tried to leave a breath of space between their thighs, the laptop shifted awkwardly.
Claire, on the other hand, is not keeping her voice down at all when she shouts, “I’m not your therapist, Dean!”
The first week in the bunker had been rough on Cas. After his initial relief at finally being safe and back amongst friends wore off, Dean noticed him getting snippy and bad tempered over the smallest things. Cursing under his breath at Kevin when all the kid had done was pass Cas a book that happened to give him a paper cut. Glaring at Sam when Sam suggested that the constant headaches he was experiencing were probably because he was forgetting to drink water.
Dean raises his other hand to caress Cas’ neck and jaw, thumb brushing against a fluttering pulse point. Cas swallows a whine.
Keeping his eyes on the road, Cas pulled a cassette out of his jacket pocket, and fed it into the tape deck.
Dean shifted so that he was kneeling behind Beverly, and slid his fingers between her legs so that she would know what a good job she was doing.
It was surprisingly easy to get used to living in Cas’ space over the next couple of days as they worked the case. At first Dean and Cas kept walking into each other on the way to the bathroom or the kitchenette, or misplacing each others’ things as they searched for a lost razor or comb. But by the time the case was solved (A tourist had accidentally dropped an old locket in the penguin enclosure. And as upsetting as it was to see the little guys possessed by a ghost, it wasn’t terribly life-threatening.) they’d fallen into a rhythm.
Dean leans into Cas harder, tongue thrusting into his mouth, teeth scraping his lips, until Cas has to brace himself on the table to keep from falling out of his chair.
Cas remembers that night. The confusion at Alastair’s escape, the sense of betrayal when he discovered Uriel’s plot, the certainty he felt when facing his own death. “We were all soldiers. We were all doing what we thought was right, in our way.” He can hear emotion rising in his throat when he says, “Thank you.”
By the time that they were about to leave on the werewolf hunt a few weeks later, Dean and Cas had worked their way through Led Zeppelin’s discography, and were starting on Pink Floyd. Sometimes they didn’t listen to music, but watched movies instead, Dean’s eyes bouncing between the laptop screen and Cas' face every time there was a great line of dialogue or a cool looking shot or a plot twist.
Dean threw Sam a concerned look before he knew what he was doing. He caught himself, and tried to settle his expression into something more casual. “What’s he got to be sad about?”
Dean grins when he sees Cas and Claire returning to the library, incisors-wide, anxiety and relief rolling off of him in equal measure.
“You killed me,” Balthazar says sharply, and Cas does his best not to flinch. “And now I'm just supposed to accept your rules?”
During his game with Sam, Dean very studiously did not look towards the bar once. He was walking around the table, assessing his next shot, when a familiar tune came over the bar’s speakers.
bedroom -- and Dean shuts the door. He saunters towards Cas, casually, like he has all the time in the world. Cas suppresses his own impatience -- he looks at Dean and
He could practically hear Sam shrug. “I was just gonna say Gaga’s a great singer. And, well, driver picks the music…” he teased, in a tone that clearly said he was expecting Dean to object.
Cas shoves Dean’s t-shirt up to his armpits and slides down to kiss and nip at his stomach. Dean chuckles at the sensation, and relaxes into it with a sigh. When he cards a hand through Cas’ hair, Cas captures it in his fingers. He turns his face to kiss Dean’s palm, his fingertips. He trails his mouth up Dean’s arm until he’s back at his neck again, making little needy sounds between every kiss. One hand slides up Dean’s thigh, and lightly traces the line of his hardening cock. Dean lifts his hips to press into the touch.
“Kind of,” Dean answered, which earned him a confused look from Cas. Dean licked his lips and plowed ahead. “Actually, buddy, um, Beverly’s got a place nearby—”
Cas’ voice was rough and flat when he said it, so serious that it couldn’t be mistaken for anything but the truth.
). Which is helpful. It helps him focus. Fending off creatures with his hands. Burning them away with holy wrath. Keeping track of how many are left. What their positions are. How they attack. Dean is at his back, in the corner of his eye. And Castiel knows, and feels, the life and death of every soul that he once made a part of himself. He forces himself not to think of that. He’s mostly successful.
She’s not rude, but there’s enough stand-offishness in her manner to make Cas’ brow furrow with worry.
Castiel can see the hot, tight sensation coiling at Dean’s core, condensing with every thrust, until it bursts, and Dean comes, shouting Cas’ name.
Dean stays up all night. By the time what passes for a sun rises, blood red in the sky, Dean isn’t trying to fool himself anymore.
"Come on pal, let's go bring home some bacon." Dean ticks his head vaguely in the direction of the garage.
Dean hunkers down in front of his plate and digs in. As he takes a gulp of coffee, Dean watches Cas raise his fork to his mouth and take a delicate bite of the eggs. Cas nods minutely, and Dean allows himself a smile.
Dean rewards him with a kiss, a rough press of lips. He takes Cas’ cock in his hand, and strokes it slow and lazy. Cas whimpers at the touch.
That rhythm was in full swing as Dean and Cas got ready to go out. Cas was getting dressed in the bedroom while Dean shaved in front of the bathroom mirror.
Sam stood silhouetted in the light of the bonfire. It’s heat didn’t reach Dean. When the fire finally burned out, and Sam walked back to the car, Dean pretended to be asleep.
“You know what I’d like to see, Dean? I’d like to see Cas hold you down with those hands and fuck you with that cock. What do you think of that?”
Cas can feel a churning murkiness within Dean, like waters after a storm. And Cas wishes he could heal souls as easily as he can a broken limb. He runs his hand through Dean’s hair, and watches the strands catch the light gold as his fingers move across them.
Cas remembers Balthazar asking, and feels a chill run through him. His love has been destructive so often.
Cas opens his mouth to speak, and for a moment Dean thinks he’s going to say it. Instead, Cas hesitates, meeting Dean’s demanding gaze with a searching one.
Dean was combing just enough gel through his hair so that he looked like he took care of himself, but not enough to look like a douche, when Cas came to lean against the bathroom door.
John strides through the door, and Mary looks up bright-eyed to greet him. Dean hops down from his chair and runs to wrap his paint-covered arms around his father’s legs.
Cas works around Dean’s neck, his shoulders, the wings of his shoulder blades. He gets lost in the process of human muscles being molded by human hands, of Dean softening under his touch. He’s shaping Dean's body again, rebuilding him again. Dean moans and sighs, whimpers and keens. Cas rolls his thumbs down the chords of muscle along Dean’s spine, feels the stiffness melt away, moves down to the slope of his lower back.
It’s so easy, to look over in a break between episodes, and say casually, as if asking for an opinion on a new haircut, “You really are in love with me?”
“I understand if you don’t want to tell me,” Sam continues. “It’s just… Dean didn’t say much. And it can be hard to know what’s going on with him sometimes.”
“Damn,” he said, as if he hadn’t noticed who Cas had been talking to before that moment. He nodded back at Maureen, with his lopsided smile and a wink, and turned back to Cas. “Well, one more time can’t hurt. You good to take care of Baby, Sam?”
It’s another few seconds before Cas can feel Dean start to relax. He feels Dean’s jaw work where it’s pressed against the side of his head, feels Dean’s fingers dig into his back, hard enough to bruise.
Dean grabbed a revolver and popped open the chamber, checking the rounds inside. “Look, being human isn’t just about basic survival. It’s about attitude, priorities. What to enjoy and how to enjoy it.” He flicked the chamber closed again with a
Dean wakes to the sound of snarling and yapping. He springs to his feet. Peering between the tree trunks Dean sees a mass of shadowy creatures prowling around the copse, waiting.
"I missed you," Claire says. She turns to him, suddenly and briefly open, like a shooting star. Her eyes glitter with tears.
Cas thinks about the Faerie realms; where if you consume their food then you belong to them, forever. In a way, you are consumed in turn.
Cas hitches Dean’s knees over his shoulders and lifts his hips in the air. His tongue joins his finger, plunging into Dean, opening him up, starving to be inside. Dean arches off the bed and howls Cas’ name; then the long sound fades into hoarse repetitions,
“It’s alright, I’ll get it,” Cas said, giving Dean an inscrutable look, and heading towards the bar.
The next time they stop to rest is in the ruins of a massive stone structure, against the one corner that’s still standing. Dean builds a fire while Cas paints wards with his blood on the grey stone. Dean insists he take first watch, and Cas doesn’t argue much.
Beverly and Cas were both chatty drunks. On the way back to her apartment they kept up a lively back-and-forth, during which Beverly would ask Cas a question about himself, he would answer vaguely, and ask her a question in turn, she would answer, and then Cas would use that to go off on a tangent about jewel beetles, or the invention of the lyre, or the Chicago Port explosion of 1944, which led to more questions from Beverly, and the cycle repeating itself.
Dean brings his lips close to Cas', the ends of their noses brushing against each other. "Everything you thought it’d be?"
And so, Dean was driving back to the motel, while Cas and Savannah made good use of the backseat in the meantime.
When Cas returns to the Milton backyard, he finds it teeming with people. The picnic tables are full, and souls dash around the yard, flinging frisbees and footballs, playing as adolescents with their friends, and as adults with their children. The air is thick with chattering voices, laughter, and the smell of charred meat on the barbeque.
Dean sighs. “I know.” He starts ambling towards Castiel at a leisurely pace. He yawns. “It’s just, I’m tired man. Can’t we rest here? Just for a little while?”
“Here…” Dean shoves Cas softly, and climbs off the bed. “Nuh uh, stay there,” he says when Cas moves to follow him.
Castiel is purpose. But Dean is blood and skin and sweat and breath and he makes Castiel live and feel in the body that’s not really his as he never has before. He makes Castiel focus. On sensation. On skin. The softness of Dean’s lips and the callouses on his fingers. Soothing caresses and sharp bites. How to make Dean sigh and how to make him moan and how to make him gasp out Castiel’s name in one wrecked syllable.
“I’m not getting out of here without you,” Dean says, and he’s not sure whether it’s a threat or a promise, but it’s the truth. His voice is shaking, but he doesn’t care.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, because Cas has got a point, but Dean thinks his annoyance is well-justified. He settles on rolling his eyes. “Just… get some rest yourself, okay? I’ll keep watch.”
Dean built his pace gradually, drinking in every one of Cas’ gasps and moans, every shudder and twitch, savouring the feel of him. The “I love you”s started spilling from Cas’ lips again, flooding Dean, filling him up. He thought he’d never get enough of the sound. He found he was breathless when he tried to say it back, so he told Cas with his body instead. He thought Cas would understand.
When he pulls back, Cas thinks he can see Dean’s soul behind his eyes, reaching for him. Castiel swells with emotion, with things he's not built to contain or feel, so full he's spilling over, past the edges of his body, bleeding out of his skin, aching to bleed into Dean, to reach into him. His wings flare, his moans can barely mask the hum of his true voice as his hand flies over his cock, he looks on Dean with eyes he shouldn't be able to manifest on earth.
Cas replays those words to himself as he picks through Yukon Golds at the grocery store. Dean was right, he thinks. Cas’ time on earth is time for himself and his family, and he’s not going to let worries about Heaven distract him; not when he has much more immediate concerns.
Cas folds himself over Dean, so he can feel Dean’s heaving breaths against his own chest, vital and needy.
Dean felt one of Cas’ hands grip his hip, the other span between his shoulder blades. He bit his lip as he felt the head of Cas’ cock press against him, and then into him.
Castiel’s eyes flicked back to the fire, and he continued, "I thought you would cower before the light of the host, but you didn’t. You stood defiant in the gore and flames, and that horrified the other angels as well. I think you were waiting for me to destroy you.“
The corner of Sam’s mouth ticked up, in that smug I-know-you-better-than-you-know-yourself half-smile that Sam sometimes got. It bugged the hell out of Dean.
“Great!” Sam says, grinning. There’s a split-second hesitation before he adds, “It'll be like a double-date.”
. No point to thinking about that last one, to torturing himself by figuring out how he feels about it. Not now. Not with Cas gone. How he feels about Cas being in love with him is just something else on the list of things that Dean doesn’t know.
“Actually, I’m curious now,” Kevin said, with an earnestness that made Dean think that the kid might not be too mad at him after all. “What’s next on the list?”
Dean looks up from where he's cubing potatoes. His eyes flit up and down Cas' body, his lips curving softly. "Yeah. Yeah that's good."
Cas narrows his eyes. Dean is coiled with tension, a deep line between his brows and a grim frown on his lips. There’s too many emotions coming off of him to make sense of -- resentment and anger, longing and envy, shame accompanied by a fine thread of destructive cruelty, the fear of a child mixed with existential dread, all of it aimed without direction, as likely to hit Dean himself as anyone else.
Cas comes inside of Dean, tense with restrained power, light leaking out of his eyes. Then he relaxes, collapsing on top of Dean, mindless of the mess on Dean’s chest and stomach. He peppers kisses across Dean’s face, and Dean can feel wetness on his cheeks under the press of Cas’ lips.
Content, Cas nuzzles into Dean’s neck. The glow of Cas’ grace slowly fades, until they’re lying together in the dark, catching their breath.
When Cas comes downstairs he finds Dean buzzing around the library, straightening chairs and collecting playing cards. Dean has apparently already changed into his nightclothes, and has his robe wrapped tight around himself.
Cas begins to draw back, trailing kisses along Dean’s hairline. Dean takes Cas’ hand in his and brings it between his legs, rubbing the heel of Cas’ palm against his dick, to little effect.
“How ‘bout I teach you?” Dean asked, preparing to insist if Cas said no. Pool was a key component of hunter life: A way to relax after a hard day, to make some quick cash, to size-up other hunters, to show off for the ladies. Dean would be derelict in his duty to Cas if he let him go through the rest of his life not knowing how to play pool.
Cas decides that he likes Rice Krispie squares. The crunch is texturally pleasing, and the predominant taste is sugar.
There's a brief argument about where to eat. Sam wants to go to the Mexican restaurant, but Dean shuts him down quickly, threatening to make him find his own ride home. Dean suggests the local bar, but Sam protests that he doesn’t want to spend dinner with the smell of stale beer and the sound of Cliff sleeping it off in a corner. So, pizza it is.
Dean keeps up a running commentary throughout the film, pointing out all the instances when Bill Murray is particularly cool, or Andie MacDowell is particularly hot; he tells Cas to pay attention when the funniest jokes are coming up, and then recites them along with the characters. All of this is an expected part of the Dean Winchester viewing experience. What’s unexpected is that, while Dean’s fingers keep a restless rhythm, tapping on the arm rest, they never stretch the few inches to touch Castiel’s hand, not even to brush it accidentally, as they often would over the years.
Dean was glad to have this version of Castiel as well, felt that they were friends in a way that they hadn’t been before.
With Jack gone, Balthazar has recovered his confidence, though with less bravado. He glares at Cas flatly, and doesn’t say anything.
Next to Cas and Eileen, Dean and Sam are bickering. Cas stopped paying attention to them a while ago, and is only dimly aware of the way the topic of the argument has shifted from being about Dean eating Sam’s food (“Thought you wanted me to eat more fruit and shit?” “Not when it’s
Once he was undressed, Dean climbed onto the bed. Beverly clutched at his hair as he kissed her, trailed her fingers down his chest, his stomach, and closed a hand around his cock. Dean gasped at the contact. But he broke off the kiss, caught Beverly’s eye, and nodded over her shoulder to remind her of their agreement.
Dean’s gaze slides over to meet his, and holds it, the bashfulness falling away. There’s a spark of desire laced through with possessiveness in that look, the feeling striking Cas clearly. Castiel’s heart might not need to beat, but it beats faster now.  Dean pulls his lower lip between his teeth and lets it go, pink and shining.
Dean fumbles with the angel blade with one hand, while bracing his other arm against the thing’s throat. He clumsily drives the blade through the thing’s chest, and it dissolves.
Cas’ head snaps up, his eyes wide as they meet Dean’s. He sounds like the air has been knocked out of him when he says, “What?”
Dean nods. That would make this one of those important occasions that Cas has been saving his waning powers for. "Okay, then.”
Dean just knows that there are things that come out of hiding when he’s not looking. He gets this tingle down his spine, like that rock is looking at him funny, or that tree is laughing at him behind his back.
With a growl deep in his throat, Cas swings Dean over onto his back. He covers Dean’s body with his own so they’re touching thigh to chest; laces his fingers with Dean’s and presses his hands next to his head.
When Dean glances up, he notices Cas watching him. Dean’s lips quirk shyly, and colour rises in his cheeks, but Cas doesn’t stop looking. He’s allowed to look now, Dean told him as much himself.
They stop in front of the hedge, and Cas turns to Anna. “Jack may have all the powers of God, but he’s still a boy. And he’s my son.”
When the game had started, Dean had had to actively hold himself back from giving Cas pointers. But as it turned out, Cas was a quick study, and already didn’t need the help. Which was a good thing for Dean’s competitive streak.
“She had some very helpful suggestions,” Inias elaborates. “But even so… shouldn’t Heaven be more than just… play time?”
Dean leans over and his arms shoot out to grab Cas by the lapels of his coat, almost falling out of the tree himself as he catches Cas just in time. Cas jerks awake, and his expression registers momentary shock before settling into tired resignation, as if thinking,
Before he and Dean can leave the kitchen, Sam says, "Actually, Cas, if you’re not busy, I was hoping you could help out with a translation.”
And Cas knows that it doesn’t mean what it would (at home) on earth. He knows that when he goes down on Dean in an improbably located cabin in a forest with plenty of trees but no insects, that it’s due to adrenaline and camaraderie and isolation from human society doing away with Dean’s inhibitions. And he expects nothing else.
"I don't know about that,” Cas says. He thinks that if the Empty had known how happy he’d be in this moment, it never would have taken him when it did. “Mine is a pretty strong contender."
Cas broke the kiss and reached blindly for the bottle on the nightstand, not taking his eyes off of Dean for a second. He hung over Dean, watching his face, sharing his breath, as he squeezed lube over his fingers, then as his first finger slid between Dean’s cheeks, and circled the ring of muscle there.
Anna keels over in breathless giddiness, and Uriel’s snicker grows into a genuine laugh, relaxed and deep. A breeze floats through the apricot trees like a warm sigh. Castiel and Jack both smile.
"Yeah, it does," Cas says, suddenly buoyed by Dean’s change in mood, by the fact that he’s thinking about what Jack would like.
Taken aback, Cas narrows his eyes and studies her. Naomi’s hair is more disheveled than the last time he saw her; her suit is slightly more wrinkled. Her posture is too straight to come across as truly confident. But he doesn’t think she’s lying.
"Man, I can't remember the last time I slept six hours, forget eight. Feels good," Dean says with a lop-sided grin. "Must be something helping me sleep so well."
Dean makes a choked-off sound of surprise. Cas tastes sugar, acid, ethylene; and the salt of Dean's skin. He moves from finger to finger, sucking them clean; Dean watches with wide eyes and parted lips.
. The song was inescapable a few years back. And as much as Dean avoided knowledge of pop stars in general, he knew one thing for certain: this song was
had resulted in a two-hour debate with Cas about the morality of revenge, Dean figured it was okay to jump ahead to comedies. And when he found out that Kevin had never seen
He takes Dean’s hands and places them on his head, and goes back to work. Dean’s fingers curl gently in Cas’ hair, and he lets out a stream of nonsense endearments and encouragements,
The first time Dean makes Sam laugh after he gets back, he basks in the sound. He smiles just knowing his brother is riding shotgun. They fall back into a rhythm that feels like home.
“And now all of a sudden they’re alive in a massively depopulated heaven, restructured to fit the whims of humans,” she continues. “You must admit, it’s a big change. So we commiserated.”
It was after lunch, and Sam and Dean were doing a pre-hunt weapons check in the garage. It was a bit more thorough than their regular routine, but this was going to be Cas’ first hunt as a human after getting back to the bunker about a month ago, and Dean wanted to be sure that everything went as smoothly as possible.
Schooling his voice into a gentle tone he continues, “Look, I know I freaked out. Not gonna lie, there was stuff in your head that I’m pretty sure no human has ever felt. Or should feel.”
The rest of the evening passes quietly in the library. In one corner, Sam and Eileen sit next to each other, heads tilted together to watch videos on Sam's laptop. Every so often, a burst of laughter bubbles up between them.
Castiel looks at Dean, and thinks that lying down next to him and never moving again wouldn’t be a bad thing.
Dean scrambles back reflexively. “Don’t touch me!” he hisses, the painful, overwhelming mass of emotion still too fresh and terrifying.
Dean let out a low moan that harmonized with Cas’ blissful sigh. The sensation of Cas inside him was so much more than what Dean had been prepared for. All that existed was the feeling of being filled, filled beyond what he was capable of, and then beyond that. A fever flooded his body, sweat prickling as it beaded on his skin. He felt like he was dying. He felt impossible.
In the past six thousand years, however, humanity has gotten more complicated, as has the task of constructing their afterlives, and as yet, few angels have risen to the challenge. There’s the swathe of heavens that Uriel has built, aglow with trauma that decomposes like radioactive elements. There’s a smattering of heavens for the orphaned, abandoned, or newly deceased children -- the kindergartens, as Inias and Samandriel have started to call them -- teeming with activity, dotting the landscape like confetti, and just as colourful. And then there are the heavens of the new generation of angels, constructed for humans very much like what they once were: an alleyway of fun parks, resort spas and upscale restaurants, shining like the Las Vegas strip.
Just as Dean was starting to develop a grudging respect for Lady Gaga, the next song started. It was a bit dancier, and the lyrics struck Dean as trite, some bullshit about self-esteem; but it wasn’t terrible. Then the chorus kicked in. And the thing was, Dean
After that, Dean would invite Cas to his room every few days, and they’d listen to music together. Watching as Cas unconsciously started bobbing along to the driving riff of “Ramble On”; seeing his brow furrow and his head tilt at the wail of “Immigrant Song”; catching the moment that Cas’ eyes went wide at the opening vocals of “Black Dog”—it was like hearing the music for the first time all over again. Better, even. Coming to think of it, Dean couldn’t remember the first time he’d heard a Zeppelin song, it was just always part of the landscape of his life. His Dad loved it, so Dean did too. But Cas came into it fresh, without the baggage of fatherly expectations. He reacted to everything openly. Honestly. Uninhibited.
Dean sits next to Cas and watches him: the way his fingers rest lightly on the beer bottle that Sam handed him, the way he leans into the table, the way his eyes flit towards Dean, and then away again. Every gesture speaks to Cas’
Cas squeezes Dean’s shoulders gently, finds the knots of tension, and presses in with his fingers, with the heel of his palm. Dean groans softly and begins to relax.
And beyond them, row after row after row after row of plain white boxes, each containing a soul, each waiting to be remade.
Anna says. Her true voice is swallowed by the infinite black, but Cas can still hear it, resonating within him.
Cas flipped the quarter. It sailed over Dean, glinting in the lamplight, arcing towards where Kevin was reading in an armchair. It hit Kevin squarely on the head.
Cas nods thoughtfully and rounds the counter to take Dean’s strawberry-stained hand in his. He allows Dean only a moment of confusion as he contemplates his reddened fingertips. Then Cas raises Dean’s hand and takes his finger in his mouth.
The lightbulbs buzz and flicker before Cas manages to get himself under control. Then Dean is tugging at Cas’ hair, angling his head, to turn the kiss into something more deliberate, something deeper. He holds Cas’ head in place and Cas feels Dean’s tongue slide against his. Cas drinks in his kiss like it’s the blood of the covenant, drinks in the feeling of Dean’s
“Thanks Jody.” He shuts his eyes and huffs something resembling a laugh. “I, uh, I gotta check on the potatoes. See you when you get here.”
flows from Dean’s lips, high-pitched panting, broken up by long guttural cries. Cas curls over his back, straining to get deeper, closer, knowing that he can’t but trying anyway.
Meanwhile, Dean was strategizing. He had one best-friend with limited know-how but a thirst to learn, and one woman who was enthusiastic but probably needed to have her expectations managed; and he wanted everyone to be happy and satisfied by the end of the night.
Cas looks down at him, wide-eyed. Dean holds the base of Cas’ cock, licks a stripe up the length, circles the head with his tongue, and gently closes his lips around it. Cas whimpers, and his lips fall open in an
The bell over the shop door rings as Cas enters, but it’s a muted sound, as if the thin layer of dust that covers the merchandise weighs down sound waves as well. Most of the floor space is taken up by circular racks of clothes, crammed so full of hangers that the jackets, t-shirts and dresses push each other outwards like blossoming petals. The air smells like old cotton and faintly of sweat. The walls are lined with shelves of mismatched housewares. At the back there are milk crates full of old cassette tapes and vinyl, and that’s where Dean is, engrossed in flipping through records. Off to the side, behind a glass counter displaying knives, lighters and jewellery, a balding man flips though an army surplus mail-order magazine.
Cas thinks about soldiers stuck in battle long after the war has ended; about seeing every problem as a nail; about how when he and Dean have had sex, Dean’s body has felt like an anchor. And Cas liked that, the way Dean grounds him, always pulls him home. He thinks about how Dean shows his love through actions; how Dean sees himself as a weapon.
He watched Cas’ face—the crease of his brow, the flutter and snap of his eyelids, the way he would catch his lower lip between his teeth before letting his mouth fall open again—and imagined what Beverly must be doing to him to get those reactions. Licking up his shaft, sucking at his head, taking him deep in her throat and swallowing around him. The thought sent a tingling sensation to the base of his spine.
Dean latches his legs around Cas’ hips, unthinking and eager. Cas stares at him, unblinking, as he presses in. Dean closes his eyes, and lets himself feel.
to Eileen, who nods and goes back to whatever’s on the laptop screen. He walks over to Cas, swinging his arms awkwardly.
He remembers how precious sleep was when he never had enough of it,  remembers the twangy irritation that comes with hunger, and tells himself that there’s no way he could miss those things.
Dean drags Cas into a rough kiss. Then he levers himself on his elbows so that he’s sitting up, with Cas straddling his hips.
Cas shifts until he’s sitting in the crook of the tree, facing Dean. “Turn around,” Dean instructs him. Cas does as he’s told. “Lean on me."
Sam shrugs and shakes his head. “Just that you’d made some kind of deal with the Empty, called it in, and then it took you and Billie both.”
Dean wields a knife skillfully, cutting the berries into thin slices. They’re ripe, staining his fingers red. He pops a whole one in his mouth, raising his eyebrows and humming as he chews.
“Yes,” Cas says softly. He hesitates, then meets Dean’s gaze. Dean isn’t sure if it’s defiance or apology that he sees there.
“Pfft, no!” Sam shrugs in a poor attempt at acting casual. “This isn’t weird at all. Why would it be weird? It’s perfectly normal to be gay.”
Dean hums to himself as he pushes eggs around the pan. He’d added dill and some of Sam’s goat cheese, and it’s smelling good enough to override the nausea of his hangover.
A set of Playmobil figures lies discarded on the lawn, along with a robot dog, and a light-up scooter. All Aaila is interested in is a lime-green hula-hoop. She swings it around her hips, attempting to get some momentum going. But she’s interrupted by her younger brother grabbing onto the hoop.
Dean stared at Cas as if seeing him for the first time. In a way, he was -- for the first time, Cas was laid bare for Dean’s eyes only. Slowly, Dean slid his hands up Cas’ toned thighs, his flat stomach, his heaving chest. He leaned over him to cup his face and kiss him firmly. Cas arched his body into Dean’s eagerly, bit hungrily at his lips. But with one hand pressing on Cas’ shoulder, and the other cradling his jaw, Dean slowed their pace, until they were gasping and pressing in time to the song.
Dean gave him his tried-and-true lopsided smile, and heaved out a heavy sigh. “Wow. Some night, huh?” Dean shook his head and whistled low. “That’s one for the history books, huh, buddy?” He reached across the seat to punch Cas in the shoulder.
“I know. It’s just a lot to process. You hopping on my dead father’s dick.” There’s a tremor of something in Claire’s voice.
He turns to ask the angel just that, and finds his answer. Cas is sitting on the ground, propped against a tree, fast asleep.
“Oh!” Sam exclaims, eyebrows shooting towards his hairline. “Heh, sorry. Force of habit.” He shuffles over to the back door, and sits next to Eileen.
Cas pulled back just enough to look Dean in the eye again, and Dean wondered if Cas could tell how much he wanted this. And then Cas surged forward, pulling Dean into a crushing kiss, one arm around his back, the other hand curled in his hair, tilting his head for a better angle.
“Though I can’t say I was surprised,” Uriel shrugs. He turns to address himself to Jack. “Those two were always closer.”
Cas rises to his feet, and Dean’s arm shoots out before he can think about it, grabbing Cas’ sleeve. Cas looks directly at him for the first time since they sat down, and Dean decides he isn’t letting go.
“No, thanks for letting me know. That you’re screwing the monster possessing my dead father’s corpse.”
It occurs to Dean in a flash that it’s not just Cas promising to stay forever, but he himself promising to give himself to Cas, like this, forever. And that it’s not a deal, it’s not a bargain, it’s everything he’s ever wanted. Dean gets to feel this much love, forever.
There's a sugar caddy and bowl of creamers next to the carnation. Cas pours a small pool of sugar onto his bread plate, and dips his finger in it. He licks the sugar off to mask the taste of cheese. He means to do it subtly, not to provoke a reaction from Dean; but he still feels Dean tense up next to him.
“Yeah, and you’re gonna want to ask Ray about how he bagged that jackalope he’s got on the wall,” Dean says as he approaches.
Eventually, Anna rejoins Castiel, looking exhausted and overwhelmed, but happy. The two of them make their farewells for the day, but Jack insists that the discussion he’s having with Richard is too important to cut short, and says he'll stay a while longer.
Dean had said, insistently, with finality. And it makes sense. Heaven isn’t a home to Dean, it’s just the source of so many problems and bad memories. As much as Cas wants to share stories about his nights with Dean, report on the progress that he and Jack are making, and commiserate about the problems they face, he decides to not talk about it unless Dean asks.
Dean follows behind her; a glossy brightness in his eyes, but a smile on his face and a determined set to his shoulders.
Cas’ hands run up and down Dean’s back, lightly scratching between his shoulder blades, caressing his sides. “I just want you, all of you.”
Before Dean can say, “Cas, wait,” he spreads his wings, and lands on the service road outside the bunker.
He wraps his arms around Cas to hold him in place, and the angel nods off again almost immediately. His hair is soft against Dean’s cheek, but Dean doesn’t think about that. He doesn’t miss having a fire anymore, because Cas is warm and heavy.
“When a bee uses it’s stinger, it’s entire abdomen is ripped from it’s body,” Cas interrupts, in that light, distracted tone of his, and for once Dean can’t blame the guy for wanting to change the subject. “And it falls to the earth and dies. But it would be dead before it hit the ground, so it wouldn’t remember that part."
girl, Claire?” Dean responds, brow furrowed but grinning, without an ounce of true defensiveness in his voice. If anything, he speaks with a glow of pride.
“Good.” Maureen positioned the pink cone under her ass, and pressed a button on its side. It did, in fact, vibrate. She settled on top of it with a sigh.
When Dean speaks he’s breathless, like the wind’s been knocked out of him. “You’re kidding me.” The corner of his mouth twitches up, some defensive reflex telling him to smile, like it’s all a joke to him anyways.
The energy around Dean is vibrating with… something convoluted. Less than fear but deeper than anxiety. But Dean’s stance is open and his eyes are crinkled with his smile, so Cas shrugs it off.
Anna folds her wings, covering her eyes. She hesitates as if taking a breath she neither needs or is capable of taking. And then with a shudder, she drops. Anna sinks through the sky, back to the ground, back to the heaven she made, collapsing into her human form on the way.
They turn to see Naomi perched on an armchair, a couple of office chairs at its side. She looks from Cas to Anna with that direct gaze of hers that seems like it sees too much.
Dean knows what makes Cas tick, probably for the first time ever. As crap as he feels about not understanding Cas before, Dean thinks that this can be a good thing. He can be a better friend; and if Dean is a better friend, then he can keep Cas with him.
Jalil does nothing of the sort. He keeps hold of the hoop, jumping up and down with excitement and laughing.
Dean gets in his car and burns rubber, trying not to examine how he feels like he’s found something he’d lost, trying to just enjoy the satisfaction.
“I got another chance. Why can’t she?” Cas hears Benjamin ask as he approaches. He feels a painfully sharp pang of sympathy, followed by guilt. If he were in Benjamin's position, he knows that he wouldn't let any law of Heaven hold him back.
Castiel turns to look, and Dean sees his shoulders sag defeatedly. A few seconds later, though, the angel draws himself to attention, posture ramrod-straight and soldier-like. Dean allows himself to feel a bit of relief. Seeing his friend’s old behaviours and mannerisms resurface has been Dean’s one source of comfort since they found themselves in Purgatory.
One man collapses to his knees. A machine gunner. Castiel looks at him and knows that he killed hundreds. He bows his head and holds out his empty arms. His shoulders heave, and tears fall from his face to become part of the mud beneath him. A man from the other side kneels before him, and takes him in an embrace. A few paces away, the man who killed the machine gunner with a grenade stands with his arms around his comrade of three years, who died of flu after the ceasefire. Together, they meet the sixteen year-old who ran the grenadier through with a bayonet, welcoming him as a brother. Next to them, an infantryman who lost both of his legs and half of his right hand meets a soldier who wore a tin jaw to hide his shattered face until the day that he took his own life. They clasp each other’s hands, both of them whole, and smile as broadly as if greeting an old friend.
“Hey! Bill Murray is awesome!” Dean countered. “Cas enjoyed it, right?” Dean said this confidently. He had seen Cas’ mouth quirk up, and his eyes glittering with mirth in the TV-light, so he knew he was right.
Cas shrugged and looked abashed. "I think I would have liked to have been a more active participant.”
“No. Not entirely, anyways.” Castiel lifts his face to meet Dean’s gaze. “It must be Purgatory itself. It effects my powers.”
There’s a repolarization of electrons in the air that portends Jack’s arrival. So Cas isn’t surprised when he appears in the library. Dean, however, fumbles the cutlery he’s carrying. Forks and knives clatter around his feet.
He caresses Cas’ face soothingly. “Hey buddy, it’s okay. We can slow down. We have all the time we need.”
He crossed paths with Cas on his way into the store to pay for gas, and snagged his sleeve. “By the way, Sam switched seats. You’re up front with me.”
Sam leans forwards with his elbows on his knees, and hesitates. Then he says, in a soft voice, “What happened when you died?”
He’s looking forward to the next fight, the next burst of adrenaline coursing through his body. There’s a simplicity to life here - the goal is survival and that’s it - that Dean doesn’t hate. And with each passing month, Dean has had to admit to a greater possibility that they’ll never make it out. And the thought bothers Dean, it does - because Sammy’s waiting for him, he has to get back to his brother - but it also kind of doesn’t.
Death was the only thing that separated them. They searched for each other in Purgatory until they were reunited. They are sisters in death, in eternity.
Cas jerks his head, gesturing towards a shape on the ground ahead of them. As Dean’s trying to make out what it is, Cas leans towards him, until his lips brush against Dean’s ear.
“No,” Anna answers immediately. “I remade my parents’ Heaven because if there was a chance for them to be genuinely happy, I wanted them to have it. But they aren’t free. They’re just prisoners of my will.”
“I want you to look into each others’ eyes as I count down from ten,” she said, and Dean nearly laughed again. He and Cas had staring matches longer than that all the time.
Whatever Dean says in response, he’s deliberately keeping his voice down, and Cas isn’t pushing hard enough to hear him.
Dean looks towards Cas and opens his mouth to speak. But as Dean looks at him, Cas sees his eyes soften, his shoulders droop. And he feels Dean closing himself off, again.
Cas leans against the counter, talked down to just his shirtsleeves, tie and slacks. He watches Dean stir pancake batter. The strange, desperate edge from the other day in the map room has faded away, and Dean is relaxed, a gentle hum of happiness vibrating off of him.
Cas watches Anna go to the front door, raise her hand, and knock. He sees Amy come to the door. Her eyes go wide and she calls for her husband. He runs to join her.
As rumpled and serious as any given Thursday, Cas stands there. Tie askew, mussed hair, tired blue eyes; all as if he’d never confessed his love for Dean with tears streaming down his face and been dragged into the afterlife as a result, leaving Dean a shaking, weeping mess on the floor.
He saw Cas lying near him, just out of reach. Something dark began to buzz in his head, something that sounded like
One hand slides up Dean’s back to press into his shoulder, the other closes tight around his hip. Cas pulls out slowly. Then snaps his hips forward, shoving Dean up the mattress with a grunt.
Claire sneers at her cigarette and takes a puff. “You mean you don’t want me to stop being a weirdo so you can have a nice dinner for once?”
Cas offers him a smile and a chuckle. However, Cas is far more concerned about the way Claire has been sullenly picking at her food.
Cas stood in the middle of the floor, in the dark, back straight, expression grim, eyes downcast. The glow of red and blue neon filtered through the widow, picking up the edges of his silhouette, the angles of his face.
Sam shrugged. “Making the EPA the villain of the story? Especially when there’s legitimate environmental concerns about guys running around with nuclear reactors on their backs?”
“I’m not sure. He’s busy showing Indra and Ofaniel the kindergarten.” Cas doesn’t say why: that Jack had found the two of them complaining about having to remake Heaven, and was hoping to inspire them with happy children. It made Castiel wonder what other angels were saying where they wouldn’t be overheard.
Cas breathes hotly on Dean’s cock. “You don’t have to worry about hurting me,” he says with a note of impatience.
Dean couldn’t think about what he wanted. The things he wanted were too big, too abstract, too unattainable. So tonight, he’d settle for pleasing his best friend, and this woman they met at a bar. For tonight, he wanted what she wanted.
Beverly and Cas sat on the edge of her bed. She leaned with her back to his chest, as he dragged his teeth along her neck and sucked marks into her skin, one of his hands caressing her breasts, the other trailing his fingers up her inner thigh, along the lips of her cunt, and then back down to her knee again. She sighed in pleasure, and Dean smiled, pleased. Then he realized he was the only one who was still dressed.
Gabriel leans back in his chair and crosses his arms, still chewing on his toothpick. He looks Cas up and down, sizing him up.
“Maybe I’m having trouble because I’m not used to freedom.” Inias frowns. “The way I understand it, freedom means getting to decide what to do with one’s life. But then… what does freedom mean for children who will never grow up?”
As the woman delivers the drinks, Gabriel deals out cards, surveying his opponents through the green plastic visor that he’s wearing.
But there had also been so much love. So much bright, honest love that Dean could get lost in it. He wanted to get lost in it, to sink into the feeling and hold onto it forever. That love was just as painful to discover, because Dean had gone for so long without realizing it was there. Or he
“Comedy, my ass,” Dean grumbled when the movie ended. If he wanted a story about messed-up father-son relationships, he’d just read the
Anna builds a backyard. It stretches on for acres, with bright sunlit patches of thick grass, and cool spots of shade under swaying willows. There’s a barbeque for grilling, and coolers for beer and salads in plastic-wrapped bowls. Lawn chairs dot the edges of the yard, set up in intimate circles, and there’s a sprinkler for kids to run through, as well as soccer balls and frisbees. In the centre of it all is a picnic table, sturdy and long, with space enough for an entire neighbourhood to sit.
"Well, I’m glad you are," Richard says, like he’s glad that it's Castiel, specifically, who's rebuilding Heaven.
“You look gorgeous, Dean,” Maureen said, and Dean let her voice wash over him, drowning out everything else. She sounded warm and velvety, her tone rising with a note of urgency as she approached climax. “You look so good. I’m so close,
“Great.” Dean smiles and steps away. “I’m just gonna call Claire, make sure her and Kaia are on their way.”
He hears Cas get up and follow him. Dean closes his eyes, and silently counts to five as he inhales.
Before Cas can say anything else, Rachel and Hester round the corner, heads tilted together and whispering.
Dean considered Beverly and Cas, sitting next to each other, both looking lazy and satisfied. It would be a nice sight to wake up to. Dean sighed.
“We could watch something else,” Cas suggested hopefully. “Kevin has been suggesting that we all watch
“When you think about it, what’s the difference between an endless day of playing with toys, and just reliving their happiest memories?” Anna asks. “Either way, they’re in a state of stasis.”
Cas nuzzles into Dean’s neck and holds him tighter. Dean looked like he needed a hug, and Cas doesn’t intend to let him off easy.
Dean noticed Cas shift his weight from foot to foot, his gaze sliding from the bed, to Dean, to Beverly, and back to Dean again.
Sure enough, as soon as Dean sees Cas, he yanks off his headphones, springs off the bed, and goes to him.
“I’m not asking, Dean,” Cas says, frustration rising through his voice. He takes a breath and continues in a measured tone, “I know it was a mistake to make you feel… all of that. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Cas passes Dean a grocery bag, and Dean shoots him a "Thanks babe," and a wink. Cas feels his skin heating up; that wink is enough to make him want to pull Dean close and kiss the smirk off his face. But Cas is very aware that Sam is still in the room, and it was clear yesterday that Dean prefers to keep his displays of affection private.
As they made their way through Purgatory, Castiel was keen and alert, ever much the soldier of God as he was when he strolled into that barn years ago, and Dean was glad. It felt good having his old friend at his side again.
Cas was caught off-guard by Dean’s sudden impatience, and blinked in confusion. “I’m sorry,” he said sincerely.
“You’re not sick, are you?” Cas asked, and there was such genuine concern in his voice that it made Dean pause, shoulders slumped.
Going with a bigger bed was definitely the right decision, Dean thought to himself later that night. The thought didn’t stay with him for long. He was distracted by the fact that he was straddling Cathy’s shoulders as she lay on her back, with his cock down her throat.
Dean draws the angel blade across his palm, drips some symbols onto the ground around him. He doesn’t know if the wards will work as well with human blood as with angel blood. But this is as good a time as any to find out.
The walls of the bunker are thick, but not thick enough to block sound from travelling to an angel down the hall. Cas tries to respect the Winchesters’ privacy, but sometimes they’re just loud. Like they are now.
there are trees in Purgatory but no insects to pollinate them which means that they live without creating life which means they must be held in stasis in an environment without an ecosystem which is an impossible way of living like an insect without it’s colony and even Michael and Lucifer have each other in Hell but he shouldn’t be mourning because at least he has
Cas would really prefer to go to Dean. But Sam is looking at him with that serious, sincere, open expression of his.
Richard looks on, dazed but happy, until his jaw drops open and he starts walking forward as if in a trance. He stops in front of a young man who he hasn’t seen in decades, a childhood friend who died in a car crash after their freshman year in college. Richard claps a hand on his shoulder, and stares, tears spilling from his eyes, before pulling him close.
At first Castiel thought that being in Purgatory might be a kind of penance, but it hasn’t felt that ways so far.
The whole barn is frozen. Sam has stopped crying, the weeds around the foundation have stopped growing, the slats in the roof have stopped decaying. The air hangs in place, waiting.
Note: I do believe that spn is heavily influenced by the Jewish understanding of faith. And this fic is titled after a Leonard Cohen lyric. But I’m familiar with Catholicism, so this is what happens. In my defence, the use of Catholic stuff is for entirely horny, and not theological, purposes.
She wobbles her head as if she’s thinking it over, though the gleam in her eye says she’s already decided. “I’ll see what I can do.”
brought him up short, and the words stuck in his throat. Dean Winchester, begging for cock from his best friend. He felt vulnerable, weak. More than that, he felt
Dean whistles low. "Morning's half-gone," he says, already more alert than he was a second ago. He turns in Cas' arms so that he's sitting up in bed.
Cas held up a hand. The song slowed, and then burst with electronic noises as the beat dropped on the chorus. Cas struck the air like he was hitting a cymbal, a gesture that Dean recognized as one of his own. Cas looked over at Dean, grinning. Seeing him smile, Dean didn’t have it in him to do anything but smile back.
But there are things that Castiel can’t watch out for. Like the fact that as time goes on, the less Dean talks about getting out. The more he seems at peace in Purgatory. And Dean’s peace unsettles Castiel.
Back before the show confirmed that Chuck brought Cas back all those times, my favourite fanon was that Cas left a bit of his grace in Dean when he raised him and brought him back to life, and it acted as a tether every time Cas died.
Dean’s hands pull Cas closer still, so that they’re pressed chest-to-chest, hip-to-hip. Cas feels Dean's cock stiffening against his thigh, and sighs into his mouth. He quickly realizes that the robe is the only thing that Dean’s wearing, and slides his hands over his chest to push under the fabric. But before he can, Dean steps back.
“Nice to see you Eileen,” Dean says as Cas moves past her through the door. When Eileen doesn’t follow, Cas goes back and guides her away from the kitchen with a hand on her elbow.
Dean kept waiting for the moment when the football game was supposed to get exciting. It seemed like the entire sport was built around stopping the play as soon as things got interesting.
Kaia’s eyes go wide; Jack exclaims, “Oh no!”; Sam cringes in sympathy; Eileen gasps and covers her mouth as she giggles. Dean nearly tips back in his chair as he guffaws at the story.
It takes every ounce of power that Castiel has, but he lights up the forest, burns away the monsters, and burns away the fog.
“She is,” Jack acknowledges. “But then, so are Jody and Kaia. So are Alex and Patience. What if something happens to one of them? Or to someone else that they consider family? Where does it end?”
It’s a nice sentiment. And Cas appreciates it, in a way. But it expresses something less than trust. And it’s spoken after it would have really mattered.
Dean shrugs, and it’s a good-natured and easy gesture. “We’ll work our way up to toppings, huh?” he says, and douses his own plate in what Cas is certain is an abnormal amount of syrup.
Jack weaves between them, studying their faces, knowing their stories. “Uriel, you should come and look.”
"Yeah, you and Eileen can neaten up a bit," Dean says as he unpacks spices and packages of bacon. "There's dust bunnies in the library big enough for their own journal entry." He barks out a laugh at his own joke, and there’s a brittleness to the sound, a brittleness to the bursts of happiness that Cas picks up from him.
"Yeah, I'll do that," Cas says, already considering how best to earn more looks like that from Dean.
Dealing with it would have to wait until Cas wakes up, though. So Dean tries to distract himself from the twist of regret in his stomach with thoughts of more pleasant things.
take care of him. Cas feels like he could break apart from the joy, from the relief of it. He can see warmth pooling at Dean’s core and spreading out, see the peace he feels at being touched like this. And Cas is proud, and grateful.
Dean mirrored his smile right back. “Yeah, Cathy seemed real happy too. Not bad for, what, your third time?”
He takes Cas by the shoulders and pins him against the wall. The angel’s eyes go wide, and Dean knows full well that this was a part of Purgatory they’d agreed to leave behind (or was it just him?). Dean leans in close until his breath is ghosting over Cas’ lips, and he hears Cas inhale sharply in anticipation.
And then Dean is back, and his emotions are still unreadable, partially buzzing, partially whirlpooling, but it’s a familiar mess, because it’s Dean, and the bunker feels like home again.
Dean has gone back to the menu, though he reads it with an unfocused gaze. “It’s just me and Cas, Sam, you don’t gotta roll out a friggin’ rainbow parade.”
“Oh,” Cas says, and what he means is, “I understand.” He walks across the room to Dean’s closet, shrugs off his trench coat, and hangs it up.
When they get to the war room, Dean turns on his heel, grabs Cas’ tie, and drags him into a hungry kiss. He parts his lips, and Cas chases the taste of syrup in his mouth.
Cas shuffles down the bed to rest between Dean’s legs. Before he so much as touches Dean’s hole, he trails a line of kisses up Dean’s cock, swipes his tongue across the head, and takes him entirely down his throat. He watches attentively as Dean arches off the bed, cataloguing every twitch and moan that he draws out of Dean. Cas brings Dean to the edge of orgasm with his mouth, while slowly and carefully opening him with his fingers. He looks at Dean like it’s a gift to be allowed to do so. Dean loves those eyes and the way they look at him; he loves Cas’ fingers, and the way they touch him like he’s something precious; he loves Cas’ voice when it promises him,
, her back arched off the bed. Cas’ jaw clenched tight and sweat beaded on his forehead as his rhythm finally broke and he came with a choked groan.
Wendy reached for Cas and pulled him down to kiss her ferociously. Dean watched, their lips crushed together, their heads turning, kissing deeper. Wendy’s other hand was still curling reflexively in the sheets, and Dean reached out and held it. Her fingers tightened around his. When Cas eventually shifted off of her to remove his condom, Dean slid closer, and kissed her too. As though he could kiss Cas off of her lips.
She turns to him appraisingly, arms still crossed. “Okay. Let’s talk it over. What my new role will look like.”
“Hearing my moans echo around the room?” Dean’s voice drops to a deep whisper, and Cas can’t help watching how Dean’s lips form around the words, “Oh, Cas… Cas-ti-el…” his tongue lingering against his teeth on the last syllable. “And every time you see that map, knowing that you had me here?”
Cas took him in hand, and licked experimentally up the length of his shaft. Dean shivered. His tongue circled the head, pressing against the slit. Then he closed his lips around the tip, and sank down a fraction, before pulling back up, then taking Dean further in his mouth, back and forth, testing his own limits. It was torturously slow, until Dean felt his cock bump up against the back of Cas’ throat, felt Cas’ muscles spasm. Dean groaned, but Cas pulled off quickly, taking a deep breath. Then he was on Dean again, taking him in as much as he could, cheeks hollowed out and sucking.
Dean did his best not to laugh as Sam’s mouth tightened into a thin line, and he glared disapprovingly.
Castiel can’t leave Dean because he doesn’t want to, couldn’t make himself want to if he tried. Not now that he appreciates how precious and fragile this friendship is. And Castiel knows that he doesn’t deserve it, but he is
Dean told Cas once. So Cas takes a moment to devour Dean. The planes of his chest and the jut of his hips cast into sharp relief by the emergency light, throbbing and red as blood. His cock hard and beading pre-come, having barely been touched. His pupils dark and wide, his lips open and wet. Dean props himself up on his elbows, his chest heaving, his legs hanging open off the edge of the bed, waiting for Cas to fill the space between them. Dean, open, and trembling, and
Sam wanted to wait before going on another hunt. Dean insisted that he was fine, that it was as if he had never been impaled at all. Sam insisted back that Dean seemed distracted, “off his game”.
“It seems a lifetime ago,” Cas interrupts quickly, before he's even certain what she's going to ask, just knowing that it's something about before, something he can't think about. Something about the question, the context of it, scratches at his brain the wrong way.
The emergency lights go dark. But in the glow of his grace Cas can see the long spurts of come that hit Dean’s chest.
Dean takes one step towards Cas, and then another. It takes all of Cas’ resolve not to grab him and pull him close. When he’s close enough that Cas is sure that Dean’s instructions no longer apply, he leans forward to kiss him.
Castiel is purpose and purpose requires focus. Even when he’s not fighting Castiel has things to focus on if he and Dean are going to escape. Keeping to the path. Finding shelter. Watching out for Dean.
“Yeah, I noticed,” Dean says, quirking a smile to mask his tension. He tries to keep himself from mentally cursing Jack for returning Cas’ ability to fly off, in case the kid can hear.
Dean balks. “Oh. Uh, sure…” He hovers indecisively for a moment, then ducks to kiss Cas on the cheek. “See you inside,” he murmurs.
"So you’re saying…" Richard stares into the middle-distance for a long moment before his eyes slide back to Castiel. "Heaven was a prison."
They were passing through Nebraska—one-street towns with peeling paint on the storefronts and churches with prim white steeples, wide open farmland turning from green to gold in the early autumn air—when Dean switched out
“You’ve been watching humans for thousands of years, right?” Kevin asked, gesturing with his fork at Cas.
