“Don’t even think about it, Sherlock,” John said. “Put on some dry clothes.”
John settled on the sofa where Sherlock had moved from, and was surprised when he wound up with a lapful of consulting detective when the man flopped back down.
One of the funny things about Sherlock is, despite his past with drugs, painkillers hit him hard. He gets giddy. He gets sentimental. He confesses things to no one and anyone. This is why Sherlock never used painkillers to get high. Because they leave him as high as a kite blowing in the wind, with no way to get down.
Sherlock hissed, “My hair is fine. It looks like my hair.”
“He never said,” Hamish said, smiling.
Hamish didn’t think to look at the inscription on the ring until he got home.
A little after four, Sherlock came home, soaked to the skin, half frozen, and pale as a sheet. He was about to flop down on the sofa.
Sherlock patted his son’s hand. “Not long now.” He twisted his wedding ring again. “Do you think there’s something on the other side? I never did. Yet… All I do now is hope. That there’s something beyond. Where he is. That he’s waiting for me. That he’ll ask me one more time.”
“What’s wrong, Sherlock?”
Neither spoke another word to the other. The door didn’t open once.
“And what’s that?” John asked.
“Course I am. You’re my dad,” Hamish said. “And I’m far too young for you to die. But it’s quite all right. I’ve got Greg and Mycroft. I’ve got my cousins. Wonderful friends and family. I’ll be all right.”
“I should go see him,” he said. He headed toward the room where his father lay.
“Is he…”
There was silence behind him for a long while.
“What do you mean?” John asked.
The old man appeared to be sleeping when he entered, and he settled on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock had since invented a number of ‘experiments’ designed around destroying as many offensive articles of clothing as possible.
The sleeping detective rubbed his face against John’s chest.
Before there was John, Sherlock refused painkillers no matter how bad the injury, in case his kite got caught in a storm and blew away.
John sat on the sofa, at the very end, leaving plenty of room for his grumpy consulting boyfriend to lay down and pretend to be thinking.
John kissed Sherlock’s hair. “Go to sleep, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nodded emphatically. “Yes. Best thing. Better than cases. Kiss John forever.” He yawned. “No more cases. Kiss John forever.”
Sherlock was coming out of his mind palace as John came back with the warm broth. “John!” he croaked. “Oh, what is wrong with my voice?”
“For what?” John asked.
Oh, jumpers and jeans and his cheap jacket are fine when he has work at the surgery. Or when they’re on cases, and his clothes are likely to be destroyed. Sherlock has on more than one occasion set up a scenario where John would have to crawl through something disgusting in the hopes he’d just throw out the garments in question.
Sherlock pouted, but obeyed.
John went up to bed. He had no trouble falling asleep. But he woke around two when he heard Sherlock yelling.
“Yes, well I was informed it was a ridiculous thing to call one’s father past the age of four,” Hamish said. “Though I’m inclined to disagree.”
John subsided, stunned into silence, and followed as Sherlock marched on.
“John, I can’t drink any more,” he protested.
“This is ridiculous John, why can’t I just go as I am?” Sherlock asked. “You said yourself, other people are going dressed like me. And what is with that ridiculous costume. Are you supposed to be that short man from that film?”
Sherlock grabbed John’s arm and tugged him partway up the sofa, before flopping face down across his lap.
“What is your problem with my clothes?” John demanded.
Sherlock turned his eyes on John, who looked ridiculous. His burgundy coat was absurd in color and fit, and his trousers, well, they were an abomination. He didn’t even want to consider the feet. The size, fine, but they were hairy. And the toes appeared to have several knuckles. Molly had brought them by for John, the feet molded and constructed around a pair of canvas shoes. They were quite convincing. “You look mad,” Sherlock said.
He took his father’s hands. “Sherlock Holmes, that is why I’m here,” he said.
“Yeah, you will,” John said, relaxing into Sherlock’s octopus hold.
And the number of people around pretending to be him was frankly alarming. There was one that was incredibly convincing. He’d even heard a half decent deduction from him. Interesting.
Sherlock grumbled and shifted again. “Fix it, John,” he said, pouting.
Sherlock’s face split in a sappy grin. “Love kissing John. Favorite thing. Best thing.” He opened his eyes and looked at John. “Like shagging. John has a nice penis. I like it.” John smiled. Sherlock was sentimental when he was on painkillers.
Sherlock stumbled back slightly, holding his face. John had frozen exactly where his hand had made contact with Sherlock's cheek. He was panting for breath, anger pouring out of every part of him. But the slap had been held back. Sherlock had felt the moment when John tried to stop himself. There was still hope. He'd slapped him, not punched him. There was ringing silence for two minutes before Sherlock picked up the tea and offered it to him.
"There was nothing you could have done John. She would be proud of you now, knowing you put this all to right. She was proud to be your sister, and I think at the end she might have even been proud to be my daughter. But I doubt it."
"So was your evening pleasant?" Mycroft teased, a darkness in his voice. He was drinking blood from a wine glass - one of his favorite actions.
bored.
"What did it say?" John picked up his tea a bit shakily with his left hand, pleased to note he caught Sherlock off guard. If Sherlock wasn't going to stop 'working' then John would keep pace with him. After all for three days Sherlock had been pleasantly quiet about the whole 'case' in hospital.
“Are the Holmes still here?” He demanded quickly.
" John's voice echoed as he appeared next to Sherlock in a long hallway in his mind. Sherlock smiled and looked at John standing beside him, the only other person to ever have access to this portion of him was his brother.
By the time John returned with his tea Sherlock was already making the minute movements he made when he sorted through the information he stored in his mind palace. He wanted to watch him, to observe every move he made but he knew better. If he did that Sherlock wouldn't be able to think properly and would likely tell him off when he was done. So John focused instead back on the case file, trying to see if he could squeeze any information out that might help. After while he realized he was feeling rather hungry so he got up and quietly went into the kitchen. He rummaged in the fridge for a few minutes before jolting as he realized Sherlock had been at this for almost three hours. He made both of them a sandwich and brought them out to the living room, setting them down on the table. He then got them both some water before returning and moving so he was standing directly in front of Sherlock's view, not close enough to touch him but much closer than he had been.
Mycroft slicked two fingers and pressed them inside John, enjoying how his shout was muffled into Sherlock's mouth. He watched as the lovers moaned and built each others' arousal to the point both of them were shaking with need. When Mycroft felt John was sufficiently stretched he pushed Sherlock forward, nudging him into position. Sherlock pressed into John moaning as he did, but it was nothing like the moan that ripped free of him as Mycroft pressed those two slicked fingers inside of
"My mate... Well..." Sherlock looked away, pain flooding his features. "I suppose I shall not have the privilege of calling him that any longer." He sighed and below them John's heart began to ache. "My John has refused every word, every kindness, every gesture I have made towards him since Lady Elizabeth struck James' dagger into his heart. He seeks only the solace of the library and Anthea, refusing my heart at every turn and I simply cannot stand the torment for another moment." His voice betrayed how distraught he was and he pressed his forehead to the cool stone of the railing, using the moment to try to bolster himself. John's eyes slowly rose to stare at the concrete above him, the pain crossing his face plainly as he listened to the secret darkness of his mates heart.
"And God help me, I love it." John smirked, snuggling in closer to Sherlock before drifting to sleep.
"Our son is in the living room," He teased.
5 - Mind Linking - this is both a Solvanar and a Vampire trait. The Solvanar can link with other Solvanar. Vampires with mortals, Solvanar, and Vampires.
"Come on now my little one," Mycroft said tenderly, pulling John into his arms and offering him the blood in a glass.
John moaned softly, a low needy thing, as Sherlock kissed him. Nothing he knew about this man made sense again, something so subtle having shifted inside that delicate make up that now he was left wondering and reeling in new territory again. It made a desperate ache claw at his chest as their mouths continued to move almost violently against the others. John found his arms being pushed above his head and pinned as Sherlock claimed his lips, pulling back only to nibble on them before sinking back in again. Over and over he did it until John was whimpering and pleading for more. Desperate to feel more of what this change was bringing to them. Sherlock pulled back slightly, placing a few gentle nuzzling sort of movements against John's cheek but not letting his arms go.
"Yes, how indeed, Johnny." James' aura expanded and John felt his mind giving up easily to the control that James' more adeptly trained magic desired. He was powerless to struggle. The wine had been poisoned, his necklace was missing, and he was weakened by the fight with the herb the night before. He'd walked right into James' trap. "Do you want to know?" He giggled, his tongue trailing a hot path up the side of John's neck to his ear. He tried again to ignore the breathless moans as his body ceded the battle.
"Alright, let's see," John settled back and he felt Sherlock settle in, watching as he slowly closed his eyes. He could almost see Sherlock's mind palace, picture him walking through the door they had unlocked just a few hours ago and start at a blank slate so the memory could play out as it came back. He knew he wanted to see the memories as John spoke to literally feel the pieces slip back into place. He smiled and let his fingers slowly glide through Hamish's hair. "There once was a lonely little boy named John," He began and Hamish's eyes went wide. "He wasn't like other boys so he didn't have many friends, but he was still happy most of the time because he believed that one day he would meet someone that would see him for who he really was. Lonely John was different than other boys his age, most of them were beginning to think that girls were nice, wanting to play sports, and do all the 'normal' things that boys do. But not John, you see he thought that boys were much nicer than girls and he didn't really like girls that much. Honestly he didn't really like them at all. But John's father was an angry man named General Now and he hated how lonely John behaved. He would always yell at him and tell him that he needed to act like a boy. He was especially mean to John's sister because she was a girl who loved girls. So he had no nice things to say to lonely John so long as John continued to think boys were better. The only respite lonely John got from his father was during the summer. Each summer John was lucky enough to go stay at his favorite uncle's house. His uncle the kindly King James would let him spend the whole summer there and would never once tell John he was bad or wrong for how he felt. In fact King James was very happy to let John be himself and that's why John spent every summer he could with his uncle. Lonely John spent ten summers at Pendergrass Estate, but that last summer was the most important one . It was the most important because that's when lonely John met the boy he would grow up and marry." John blushed a bit, as did Sherlock. He slowly opened his eyes to look at his husband and his look was clear -
" His eyes flashed but his body language remained relaxed.
John was sitting in one of the wide window seats, staring out and watching the snow fall over the grounds. He was thinking over his and Sherlock’s plan to move in the Spring and wondering if the string of vampire killings was enough to sway his mate into choosing to remain. His thoughts were obliterated however when he suddenly was pushed down into the cushion of the seat and Mycroft’s lips were on his. His muffled noises of surprise were drowned out by Mycroft’s insistent actions and before long John’s mind was awash with the heady desire that his sire/fledgling bond with the other was built on. Mycroft pinned the menders arms above his head, running his mouth all over the other as he began to peel away the shirt and trousers the other was wearing. He lost himself in the sensation and growled when John tried to speak.
"Sherlock," He whimpered softly.
“So you say.” The retort was short and clipped.
“Sher?” He asked shaking.
"I'll protect you two." He promised.
Donovan was surprised when someone from dispatch called her saying that there had been a report of a man attacked and that the caller had specifically requested someone from Lestrade's division. She knew Lestrade had left with the freak, so she begrudgingly took the assignment. All anger subsided however when she found John Watson laying in a large pool of blood and in a bad way. She radioed for the ambulance and focused her entire attention on ensuring John was safe and settled in the ambulance. Once inside she called Lestrade.
"Yes…You do." John's grin was lopsided but he sighed as he lay back, utterly wrecked.
"It is too late, John. I know not how he managed this evil. Though I do know his hand was behind it. The child is lost and I fear the damage of losing her cost me too much.” She lay back, gripping John’s hand as he wiped her forehead again and tried to warm her up.
**THIS IS NOT AN EASY CHAPTER! TRIGGER WARNINGS APPLY**
"I can tell you that all I want but I don't know what John packed for me." Sherlock smirked as he looked up. "Speaking of," He moved over to John but John brushed him away. He sat down at the table and didn't complain as Sherlock fussed over making him a cup of tea and checking he was warm enough.
"You're so...
"Where is my husband?!" He demanded, not sure if Sherlock had been harmed.
"You are my mate, I should be the one to hold you now and I shall continue to do so." He countered.
"When I'm done being punched, I'll explain." He promised as John raised his fist again, but his anger bled away. He crumbled until he was laying over Sherlock, his face against Sherlock's chest and his arms shaking.
"Sherlock, that's not..."
"You are nothing, John Watson. You will never be anything. Sherlock will be mine and you will pay for what you have done to me. I think we shall begin now."
"It's from Georgina… Er Lady Pendergrass, she..." He corrected himself quickly as he shook his head. "She wants to hire us to solve the murders of her family. We've been summoned to her estate. Us and bloody hell, Mycroft too. Here," John unfolded the letter. "My dearest John, I hope this letter finds you well, at least better than I am found while writing it. I have been informed that you and your husband were called to the scene of my latest tragedy, the death of my youngest son. I know you understand what this means and it seems that I am in need of the two brightest detective minds that I have ever known. There is a modern history of bad blood between the Pendergrass and Holmes families that I rather desire to fix, so if you would be so kind I would request that you, your husband, your son, and your brother-in-law and his husband come to Pendergrass Estate. You have not seen a winter at the estate and I assure you it is quite beautiful, a fitting backdrop for fixing wounds of the past. I have had our guest estate prepared and it is awaiting your swift arrival. I beg you to come, John, you my dearest who has been on my side since the beginning of this ordeal so long ago. You are now one of the only ones I can trust to see this through. I know you have been afraid of reuniting with your family but I assure you that I do not hold any of the same views as your father and welcome you to be yourself, just as my beloved James and I always have. It is fitting to know you and Sherlock have wed, though I doubt you know why I feel that way. It has been a long time since your light has graced our estate and I truly hope you will bring it back. I have been deeply troubled that Harry may have been drawn into this web and I truly hope this will bring peace to all of the parties involved. Let us set the wounds of the past to right and solve this mystery. Please come at once, ever yours... Georgina," John folded the letter and looked back at Sherlock. Sherlock was torn between several emotions as he looked at his husband, the chief of which was a sort of anger. It wasn’t directed at John, but it seemed to be about him.
“We shall be right down.” Sherlock replied, smiling as he kissed John over and over. “Come now, Mycroft will be eagerly waiting for us. Likely wringing his hands like a woman if we do not hurry.”
"Sherlock's mood is darkening quickly, if we do not act soon we shall lose them both to this darkness. Sherlock has never been one for tenderness and yet here he endeavors to bestow it on our mender and the mender continues to allow the darkness inside his mind to betray his heart. We must find a way to ensure John hears Sherlock's own words spoken in confidence to someone else." He paced a bit as he thought, his eyes falling on his balcony. "Ah, you shall bring John out of the library tomorrow afternoon around dusk. Tell him what you must to gain his acceptance however ensure you and he are on the terrace below my balcony before the sunsets. Sherlock has some things to discuss with me and I shall inform him he may approach me about them at that time."
John shuffled out of the room and for all Mycroft knew he returned to Sherlock. Mycroft certainly did not see him for the next several days. However Mycroft did not know that neither did Sherlock. Sherlock believed that John was somewhere with his brother and his anger did not subside the entire time. When John returned to their room he met with Sherlock's anger and Sherlock barely registered that John looked upset. Their argument shook the entire wing of the house until Sherlock finally relented. John could spend one full day and night cycle with Mycroft every fortnight. In return John would not make any attempt to spend time with Mycroft alone otherwise, with exception of when Sherlock sank into one of his dark moods. And so things went, every fortnight John would go to Mycroft, seeking to spend time with him only to be rejected. After which he would remain at large for the full day and return to Sherlock and his anger. About four months following the beginning of the arrangement, Sherlock was sprawled on the couch in his room - in the same position he took every fortnight while John was away - when Mycroft burst into the room with a letter in his hand and a look of confusion on his face. Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he turned to look at his brother, his anger clear on his face.
John entered the kitchen and finished preparing tea, sighing as he did. They were already almost out of milk, again. What did Sherlock do with it? He mused for a moment and then decided that might not actually want to know the answer to that. Sherlock and Mycroft didn't speak as John finished up in the kitchen. Something that both John and Sherlock caught onto rather quickly. He returned to the living room setting down a cup of black tea for Sherlock and sitting down on the couch with his own. The movement was clear. John was trying to show Mycroft a different side of things. Mycroft was surprised to see John offer up his chair so easily but took the seat less out of desiring it and more out of attempting to continue this new path John was trying to cut.
"You continue to be the most beautiful and difficult puzzle I have ever had to solve!" John's eyes flew open and met Sherlock's. The desire burning in the depths of his gaze as he almost pleaded with John made John tense to the point that he didn't just want release, he needed it.
“My John…” Sherlock muttered softly, sweeping over and sinking to his knees before John in his chair. “Do not do this, do not grant me grace when I deserve scolding.” He admonished the Mender as he slowly took the others’ hands in his own. John tried to use the motion to force the Detective to stand, however, he refused to budge. “You give me far more grace than I should be allowed. I turned away from you when you proclaimed one of our greatest enemies had returned. I left you alone with the darkness inside your mind.” He took the Mender’s hands in his own, rubbing his thumb over the scar on the back of John’s right hand. A cut from one of the silver daggers Moran had used on him.
No real dangers in this chapter, but it does include the beginning of a long back story for the boys that I created. This chapter and the next will be a bit lighter before sinking into the actual case solving here soon!
"I'm the Pi..Pirate..." Hamish blushed, not used to the intent stare his father was giving him, but he took a deep breath and puffed his chest out just as John had done. "I'm the Pirate Prince Hamish!" He exclaimed broadly, looking rather proud of himself. Sherlock broke into half a smirk.
him that he was going to go. Ordering him about as if he was incapable of making decisions. A distraction. "Sherlock," He didn't turn but his back straightened, setting Sherlock on the defensive. "You're still hiding something."
“Mögen sie es, wenn ich so reden?” John purred in his ear, simply doing it to torment Sherlock. He was answered with a hard slam into the wall. Sherlock was all over him his hot mouth desperately attacking every inch of skin that was slowly being exposed by Sherlock's long cool fingers.
"Sod off. You're winding me up for no reason." John looked down at the table.
"You torment me." John growled softly and Sherlock was surprised. John pushed up and flipped them so Sherlock was underneath of him. "You tormented me for weeks, going so still and silent. I could not reach you and I feared you had died..." His tone was rough as he clawed away the dress robe Sherlock was wearing. "Then for three days after you wake you do not allow me rest, working in me over and over again..." His breath was hot against Sherlock's ear as he nipped it, forcing a whimpering moan out of Sherlock's mouth. "Now it is my turn." He promised, his hands swiftly coursing over Sherlock's body to find his waking erection and stroking him hard.
“No, he needs your help.” She argued softly, their voices barely a whispered.
“I sent him with Greg to get some breakfast. He’s been in a terrible state as you might expect. He woke shortly after Greg got him to the car and he fought Greg hard. In fact he accidentally gave Greg a black eye trying to get back inside to you two. There will never been any doubt in my mind that the world will know who his parents are.”
“John!” Mycroft gasped, dashing over and slowly surveying the mender. “What happened?” He demanded as he tried to lift John.
"But this can't just be normal. Things aren't like they used to be, Sherlock. You can't just act like we've been paused for a year." He dug his nails into Sherlock's chest before he stepped back and looked around the room, surveying it. The bed was neat and orderly, then he noticed that there was an imprint next to where he slept. The exact size and shape of Sherlock without his shoes on. A stack of files sat next to the bed, the top one open and pages clearly out of order. "What is that?" He asked softly, rubbing his neck. Sherlock actually looked worried for a moment before resuming his normal demeanor, including his impatience at explaining something that to him should have been obvious.
"It was simple really. Don't concern yourself with the how. Concern yourself with the capture." Mycroft's tone was angrier and more forceful than usual. "Sherlock," He waited until John had the tap running. He stood and moved close to Sherlock speaking in a dark whisper. "Do you really wish to test him like this, so soon? Are you that much of a fool?"
“As I have always known.” Sherlock gasped, struggling against John’s hold on his waist.
"It narrows your focus. Your body is overwhelmed with sensation right now much of it pain as the vampire blood converts your body into one of us. Sherlock was not wrong in wanting to love you in order to help you." He gently ran his hands over John's arms and chest, eliciting a soft sigh of pleasure from him. He closed his eyes and groaned.
At nightfall the following night, Meaghan arrived to tend to John. She was surprised when she found him sitting up in the bed, his back to the wall, and his hands tightly gripped in his hair. She tilted her head slightly moving closer to him and helping him drink a small amount of blood wine. She waited for a time, until she realized he wasn’t going to speak without prompting, sighing as she watched how he held himself.
"Er ist okay, Jacob. Warum bist du hier?" John knelt down, examining cuts on the man's hands.
"Look how hard you are already." Sherlock whispered, his soft baritone washing over John and making him whine. "You like this,
"There's my boy." John smiled as Hamish came over and crawled in his lap, snuggling into his chest.
you are doing." Sherlock went to reply but John cut him off. "You're following me around like I need a nanny! It makes me feel helpless. I've done things on my own for a year! A YEAR! I am capable of moving about the flat and looking at case files on my own!" Sherlock snorted slightly, clearly not agreeing with him.
"J-John..." Sherlock panted, his chest heaving.
"Yes." He conceded, looking away as he growled again. John motioned again for him to come closer but he decided to pace again.
The doctor demanded that John remain in the hospital for two more days for observation because every time he tried to get close enough to observe John, Sherlock would get in the way. Sherlock hadn't realized he was doing it but was secretly relieved that the doctor wished John to remain longer. He pressed John to accept it and remain where he was, but John was itching to get home. He'd had a steady stream of visitors, Molly, Sally, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and Mycroft had all come to see him several times. Mycroft had just been in this morning while Lestrade was briefing Sherlock on what tiny bits of information they had collected. He again pushed John to accept his offer and come to stay at his estate, promising that the guest house had only 'minimal necessary' surveillance. That short visit with Mycroft was the only time during those three days Sherlock had left his side. John had taken a lot of the time which had been full of silence while Sherlock scanned what he knew for clues; to think over the various things that had happened. He couldn't begin to fathom what Mycroft's angle was, being so damn nice. It was very unsettling but he'd heard something when the brothers fought that seemed to give John at least, the confidence that Mycroft was for once really trying to look out for them. He also knew there was more he and Sherlock needed to talk about, least of all about
"Before this day ends you and I will play a duet." Sherlock said darkly in John's ear before sweeping off into the kitchen.
"John! Stop! I cannot hold back!" Sherlock demanded, trying to get free so he could pound into his husband.
"Oh come on." She grinned. "We all know you did it so you two could play together one day."
"Lestrade went to find out Kitty's status and is on his way up here. I want to know what happened Sherlock; I want you to tell me all of it." Mycroft was not asking.
- John was lying on the couch, exactly where Sherlock lay when he was bored or thinking on a case. He wanted to be where Sherlock had been. To maintain some sort of connection to him.
"That's what I thought before." John tried to fight the sob that was threatening to break free but he couldn't. Sherlock held him as tightly as he could, feeling his body shake with the emotion and tears that threatened to pull him back into darkness. He had an odd look on his face as he had to admit that he didn't know what to do for John in this moment. He didn't know the right words to say, the perfect touch to give, or the motion to make. He felt his own face tighten as he tried not to give in to the full sway of his own emotions but tried to give himself the space to feel and not think. He held John a bit tighter, trying to convey his support to him through silent touches but felt the moment John tried to bottle his feelings back up. A maneuver he'd seen John use time and time again.
It all felt so surreal. Sherlock being kind, showing emotion to him. Sherlock being in the house. He was there, making noise, yelling at the teapot, cursing Lestrade. He licked his lips and almost moaned when he caught the taste of
"I made oaths to you... I've broken them." His voice hummed against John's chest and John whimpered again. "Look at you..." He purred, releasing John's arms because he knew John would hold them in place on his own. His nails flicking across the other nipple. "I've made you feel like I don't want you every moment, which isn't true. It's woefully distracting and utterly debilitating." He hummed again, kissing lower - down over his abdomen.
“Anna, it is good to see you are well.” He said as firmly as he could. She could see the shadow in his eyes.
"Doing
"Master!" John grunted, his back arching off the bed.
. "Not something you will find out on the first date." John said it as firmly as possible but he was very red and almost panting. They both laughed quietly, John's full of nerves and desire. Sherlock's was a low, possessive sort of primal thing that should have instilled fear in John's heart but instead shot straight through his body and set his desire alight.
"Still out but will be fine. We almost lost both of you because of your foolish sentiment." Mycroft said it tersely but it was far softer than usual.
Mycroft pushed John down on the bed, their mouths working furiously together. The blood lust came roaring into John's awareness as Mycroft's eager hands found their way over his naked form. Soft whimpers and moans broke free of John's control as Mycroft easily took dominance over him. He let his hands roam over John's body as he claimed his mouth in heated kisses, repaying every moment of distance he'd been made to suffer during his bonding period with Sherlock. John moaned and arched into his touch, desperate for more. Desperate to feel how their bond hummed in his body so very differently than his bond with Sherlock. He push his mouth back against his sire's, moaning his name as he worked. He needed this, he needed touch.
“Alright… I’ll call and see what I can do John.” Greg stepped off and flipped open his mobile, pacing away from the two of them and sighing.
John's orgasm rocked through his body and made all his muscles tense and then release almost simultaneously. It was like he had no bones left as he just completely dissolved under Sherlock's hands. Sherlock kept kissing him until John almost passed out from lack of oxygen. He panted, falling back against the pillows watching Sherlock's every move. Sherlock smirked before getting up and returning with a wet towel and a dry one. He helped John clean up his chest and stomach before throwing the towels down with John's clothes. John was wrecked, he had nothing left. Sherlock's smug grin giving away that he felt rather victorious at the moment.
"Elizabeth I did not seduce your husband. He poisoned me and attempted to extract his revenge from my body for faults of his own." He kept his voice firm, using the feel of Mycroft's hand on his shoulder and Sherlock's on his back as reassurance.
"No, I didn't." Sherlock's voice was soft and full of emotion. "There was a specific event that Moriarty prepared for that didn't happen." John ran his hand over his face.
He was finally out of his hospital gown and in a button down shirt that made him feel itchy. His mind was full of so many things, so many memories and thoughts that had raced through him over the last few days, that he still didn't quite trust himself to speak. He was also cold and thoroughly annoyed that he was not going to be able to fully take care of himself for quite some time. All he wanted was to be strong for Sherlock, but it seemed now at every turn he was failing. He looked down at his hands as aware that Sherlock was analyzing him again, trying to be completely sure he wasn't faking his health to get out of the hospital.
"Please Master, that hurts..." John whimpered and Sherlock chuckled lowly.
"Sherlock this is me we're talking about." Mycroft growled. "This is the life of my brother, my brother-in-law, and my nephew. Do not be an idiot; this isn’t some typical childish thing. Think Sherlock!"
"This is a rather nice isolation chamber, isn't it?" John asked quietly as he walked through the living room.
“John!” He gasped his emotion clear in his voice. “Our John!” He exclaimed, fighting the emotion that was threatening to drown him.
"Good holiday then?" Greg asked, chuckling as John blushed.
"The beginning?" John asked softly, looking confused.
"He is my husband, I will do as I please!" Sherlock snapped at him, trying to shove Mycroft out of the way. Mycroft remained firmly in his path.
your blood. I am merely suggesting it may hasten the descent. Your Grandmother was quite worried about Moran having access to your blood for that reason. Since your bloodline is that of the first vampires it can deepen the descent into the primal nature we all struggle against. That said, all of us know that Moran is a horrid creature and has been for longer than you even know.” He frowned again, leaning back in the chair and watching the other vampire.
"We dispatched a letter to your Uncle for approval, if he concedes you will be dismissed from us at once." There in that tone were the words John had expected. The disappointment finally replaced with pride. Tentative pride that was aimed more at the potential fortune and connection the name Holmes would provide John's adoptive family and none saved for the man himself. His father had never before been proud to call him his son. He was far too ordinary.
“I know.” John finished his wine, setting the glass on the sideboard emptied. “And I shall do all I can do stay.” As he whispered he turned and watched Mycroft’s head drop to the desk.
"I knew that this incident caused your nightmares to become more frequent. So after you went to bed last night I came in to stay near you. It seemed to help you stay calmer when I was near you before, so I thought perhaps it would help again." Sherlock looked slightly guilty and if John looked very closely he could just see a bit of color on his cheeks. "Lestrade and I have been working on finding the remaining pieces of the puzzle Moriarty so carefully constructed, so I brought..." John stopped him, grabbing his hand.
"At work, which is where I'm headed now that you two are here. I might have a case for you Sherlock, let me see what they have in forensics. If I can manage I'll give you a few days to settle in before I bother you."
"But I don't want to... I can't afford to make another mistake." His eyes were glassed over, so much pain.
"Your Excellence, I believe that Lord Moriarty was the cause of this..." Sherlock began, but was cut off as John spoke up.
"What difference does it make that you are born of two lines instead of one?" Sherlock asked quietly.
"I am sorry," John said earnestly. "My Uncle did task me to show you around when you arrived, though he seemed to be of the suspicion you would not arrive in time for the party. Come, I believe you are to meet him and my cousin whom is your intended?" John shuffled back inside and Sherlock found himself pulling in air in a new and different way with the falling silence. It was like part of him was missing. His anger rose sharply, along with some possessive instinct and he had to struggle against the urge to show his true self and steal John away. He growled softly.
"That's odd, I knew he did that at the manor, but I hadn't actually seen him do that at the Yard."
"You enjoyed watching me drink of him, did you not?" John demanded, groaning Sherlock's name. Sherlock moved slowly, painfully slowly - drawing out John's torment. "Sherlock!"
"I've brought dinner. Mrs. Hudson has informed me you haven't eaten in three days." Mycroft continued on trying to maintain normalcy. He could feel Sherlock fighting his mind, trying to find a way to comfort the broken man before them. He sighed, tightening his mouth into a frown.
"Yes, John. Don't nag. It's unbecoming of you." He snapped, running his long fingers through Hamish’s hair.
"It didn't seem right to bring that up when it was clear that neither you nor John remembered that summer. You suffered so much because of father's actions at the time that I felt inclined to keep the grief away from your thinking. It wasn't difficult, though John did go to great lengths to try to cover up his family history - no doubt owing to the fact his father was outspoken again the gay community, to find out who John actually was. He was legally divorced from his parents at the age of seventeen with Harry's help. He then joined the military and immediately set about creating his own livelihood without help from his father or the trust fund setup for him by his uncle James Pendergrass. I had to know more about the man you were going to be sharing confidential information and a flat with." He sighed as the two of them tensed. "I learned it after your first case, the amount of loyalty John had for you so quickly was quite alarming to me and as your older brother it is my job to look out for you. So I did find the links and I came to understand that he was the little boy who was at Pendergrass Estate the summer James was killed." Mycroft tensed, crossing his arms.
"Greg!" Mycroft demanded, following in behind his brother. He moved over and started to check over Greg's wounds.
The fight that ensued was loud enough every member of the coven heard it. Things were thrown and broken, glass shattering loudly as the two raged at each other. Sebastian laughed when John began to whimper as the sound of the fighting turned to sounds of passion. He forced John to crawl up the stairs and sit outside the door until he began to almost sob. He then, laughingly, took him to his shabby room and proceeded to break him down until almost nothing was left. John considered letting himself go over the edge into death, just letting go into the blissful darkness where the pain he was suffering would end. As he lay there, bleeding and broken for what had to be the millionth time, it seemed like such a wonderful thought. As he lay there, his will faltering, his mind took over and a memory began to play out. He felt both as if he was watching the scene and living it, as he lay there trembling. Sherlock standing before him and announcing to all of his family, their coven, and a mass of other attendees that he would always, for all eternity and beyond, love John. John tried to raise his arm to bat the memory away however his body was too heavy.
, I don't care if it's takeaway, call me." He sighed as Sherlock moved to say something. "Don't you dare click your tongue at me Sherlock. I've had enough of that to be going on with. Now, we've doubled patrols on this area but you had better stay wherever John is. I've got my best eyes on you two, but they've been known to fail." Lestrade raised his eyebrow as Sherlock went to make another angry remark. "You know, Mycroft's..." John shook his head just once and Lestrade sighed. "I'll check in with you both in a few days.
“Brother! You came!” Sherlock exclaimed happily, moving a bit closer to his brother, though his eyes were on the exit.
“John, you are not being sensible, I most certainly am able to…” Gregory began but at John’s look he just shook his head, smiled and obliged. “Very well, I shall remain here.”
“I’m not going to hurt you two. I don’t want to do that. I want to save you John. I want to protect you from yourself. You don’t know what you’re doing. You don’t understand what you’re doing to yourself and now to that boy.” Marcus was trying to reason with him but anger was apparent in every line of both of their bodies.
"Listen to you," He purred, his fingers tracing lines over John's pack. "Listen to how you're begging with every breath..." His eyes flashed darkly. "Is there something you want, my pet?"
"Fledglings, ON. YOUR. KNEES!" Sebastian bellowed and both of them immediately sank to the ground, blank as dolls, as the power of their Sire compelled them to listen. With the culprits in hand Mycroft and Sherlock took a moment to survey the scene before them.
Sherlock stalked after Gregory, with John just barely keeping up with his longer stride. He sighed softly as he began to see the signs that Sherlock was descending into his mind and covering up his heart to do so. He was beginning to become accustomed to this mindset as Sherlock had been employing it more as he poured over teachings and the history contained in the volumes of their library. Sherlock was able to quickly provide information on two of the three cases that had been perplexing the Yard, much to the annoyance of those who had spent the last several weeks combing through the evidence for answers. The third however seemed to warrant some sort of experiment and study, so Sherlock, against Gregory’s wishes, removed the case file and the information from the Yard and started back towards their manor.
He didn't answer but instead he swept up his violin in one fluid motion. He began to play a slow, haunting melody that John had never heard before. The focus on Sherlock's face was what truly pulled John out of his sleepy state and into rapt attention. He sat up slowly, his attention fully focused on Sherlock as he continued to play. The song varied in some places but was even more passionate a piece that the one he'd composed for
“I did figure something out, no I can’t tell you yet, and yes I will tell you when I can.” They both began to laugh, drawing everyone's attention. Sherlock flushed just slightly, but stood and moved about grandly to draw attention away from the sudden bout of affection he and John had just publicly shared. “Presents are in order I think.”
“N-nothing.” John lied, looking away from Mycroft. He didn’t look at the other man either, he’d felt the emotion his Sire had been feeling before John’s pain had interrupted.
are safe. If you are well cared for than I shall offer my assistance in any situation he requires and guarantee I shall not myself nor allow any of my kin to harm a member of your family without retribution." His face darkened just a bit but softened as John reached out and timidly took the envelope, still blushing.
" Sherlock sat down on a stone bench and John followed.
"I have been waiting to show you this." John whispered, his eyes dark. "To show you that I have been studying and training my powers on my own. I was not idle while I was distant." Sherlock felt the spike of lust that shot through him as the sensations shifted and changed. John's aura swirling around and in him as the sensation of hands trembled over his body. All he could do was moan John's name in surprise. "I found the journal you keep hidden away within the library. The one you wrote while you were being trained by your mother. I also found the books you gathered during that time, those old dusty tomes that you had forgotten. I wanted to show you I could be strong for you. That I would one day be able to save you as you have me." His voice was soft but filled with lust as he shifted and pressed himself against Sherlock.
"Seems like it was so long ago." Mrs. Hudson added softly.
“Make the blood pact or I shall give you nothing but death,” John growled in return. Moriarty clenched his jaw, clearly debating his options. He shook his head slightly, his thirst growing and an overwhelming pace.
"He wishes you to be his and has for some time now." Mycroft said softly, leaning back and sighing.  "I could not allow that to pass, knowing as I did that my brother believed you to be his mate." Mycroft tilted his head.
"I do not feel worthy of all these attentions." John confessed.
"You awen't lonely anymore, wight?" He asked softly, his eyes wide.
“Oh yes.” He replied setting the case down in front of John and staring him directly in the eyes. “Come on now, our friends want to hear us play.”
“Prove it to me.” He growled, nearly throwing caution to the wind when John lowered his head and bore his neck. It was irresistible and he could not ignore the way his mind fixated on tasting more of the Mender. He lunged forward and sank his teeth into his neck, growling as John’s blood filled his senses. Moments after he should have stopped he felt a wave of weakness roll through his body and found he could not force himself to stop drinking. John chuckled darkly as he pried the weakened man off of himself, though he should from the lost blood.
"There's a lot on my mind." Sherlock retorted and stood. John let himself come all the way awake.
“You’re in quite a mood this morning.” Lestrade said softly as he padded back into the room. Sherlock pulled away from John and seemed to float about the room as he moved, tidying up case files and straightening everything up.
“If I must, though John comes with me.”
"I know, go home and rest now. Do not let this trouble your mind further. My heart suffered, however those wrongs are righted now." He kissed her cheek again and helped her into the carriage.
"Please he did not deserve any evil. Please find him." Elizabeth beseeched the men.
"I'm not just a doctor; I'm a consulting medical detective." John smirked as he leaned in to kiss Sherlock again. "Only one in the world."
Sherlock. "You then preceded to the gazebo to show Hamish where we met and the 'Grave of the Lost Soldier' which is now under about two feet of extra hedge according to the dust on your shoes. It was still dark and you realized Hamish would enjoy watching the sunrise over the 'Lake of Air' so you took him around passing through the kitchen gardens on the way there. You gave him a piece of Georgie's lemon mint to try and he disliked it - but he didn't want you to know that so he waited until you weren't looking and spit it out but he got a bit of it is on his face. You couldn't resist going to see if she was still growing that blue rose you used to love so you nipped into the other greenhouses where you got caught up talking to Henry the gardener and Hamish dunked his head in Georgina's little fountain that she adds rose water to. His hair is still wet and I can smell the roses." He smirked as Hamish giggled, Sherlock's face however was pure heat as he met John's eyes. John almost grunted but he broke their locked gazes and focused. Sherlock had arranged this whole charade anyway - why not torture him with it? "You finally made it to the Lake but Hamish charged straight into the water and you only just caught him at the edge. You put your right foot into the lake and came away with a wet leg and a disgruntled son knowing that it was about time that I would wake you opted to start heading back towards the guest house - but you took the same wrong turn you made every day during our summer here and ended up near the hedge maze, which you absolutely abhor. So once you managed to realize you were inside you pushed your way through the wall, just like you used to - and ended up in the bamboo garden where Hamish scraped his elbow. Then Sherlock Holmes, you took our soon to the scene of the crime and did investigations without me." He narrowed his eyes and Sherlock hummed with approval.
"Oh lovely." She exclaimed moving towards him with a smile.
"It must be so charmingly simple in your mind." He snapped but it was much gentler than before.
"Yes, thought." He whispered. His mouth right next to John's ear, pressing John tightly into his body. "He is gone, John. But the danger isn't. His work, isn't. I
"Shall we unpack?" Sherlock made two trips into the bedroom with their clothing bags and actually let John direct him on where to put everything. He then returned to the main room to unpack his other items.
“Oh, don’t be so sensitive, John.” Sherlock huffed. “Lestat told me that you were his gift to me, and I would be his gift to you. The exchange began when he took you and infected you with his blood.” The genius ran a slow hand from John’s collarbone to his hip before speaking again. “Transforming you in ways that I cannot explain and in ways that cannot be undone.” Sherlock’s tone was even as he lifted his fingers away from John’s beautiful skin and up to the top buttons of his powder blue dress shirt. His focus was on the complex storm of emotions behind John’s eyes.
Sherlock absorbed this freely given information, assessing its validity from the way her large eyes refused to look up at him.  Again he could see this pull within her. Something pulling one way and some else pulling another—an internal struggle that suggested she was here because she was forced to be here. She stared at the cooling tea in the cup and he could see that she was nervously biting the inside of her lip, calculating what to say, how to say it, and yet still how to protect herself.  This certainly was a strange meeting.  Who was she really working for?  Surely, it could no longer be Lestat.
“You’re more used to giving them than receiving them.” He finally said, hoping to spur her into more conversation, which could lead to more answers or at the very least a little entertainment.
Sherlock could contain himself no more.  It was now evident who had the doctor, who the fourth arbitrary party during the altercation at Mary Morstan’s had been, and he lunged at the man, hands groping to grasp onto the imp that had stolen John.  His hands met with thin air and then concrete, as his body crashed to the ground with the gnashing of flesh on cement.  When he looked up the man was gone, nowhere to be seen, the echo of his haunting laughter fading in his ear drum.
here?" Despite having an idea, the elder vampire was genuinely curious what had brought his fledgling to London. He could see the consideration behind the dark brown eyes as David weighed his answer before replying.
He trailed a finger along the pale thigh and to the dip of the others belly button, looking up to see the dark eyes watching him with a wicked smile. “Is it my turn then, Louis?”
John saw this transformation, saw his decent into the vast expanses of hallways in what he pictured was a library within the man’s self-labeled mind-palace. Full of information that he only needed to locate the index card for to further recall whatever he had deemed important about the subject. Even should the information be missing, the next course of action would be to obtain it through any variety of means at his disposal. The dull thud of his heart was suddenly resonating louder in his head as blue and green speckled eyes, dark with the shadow from the lamp overhead, met and locked on his own. There was the roar of silence in the room for a second, followed by the hot rush of ache—an ache for how good this all felt—flooded over him.
John was invited through the expansive home to a large study boasting a wide wooden desk, crimson curtains, and a large portrait of the queen.  John recognized the painting, the one of her majesty in the golden tulle dress with the wattle blossoms.  It claimed the wall, as large as the reproduction was, especially seeing it was the only adornment to the room, besides the standard bookshelves and chairs that one might expect.
Sherlock smoothly stepped back, letting the handle loose. It bobbed slowly in a comical fashion from its impaled position in the vampire. John’s mouth was open, eyes wide in shock as he stared in disbelief at the 10 inches of cold steel that protruded from between his third and fourth true ribs, a clean bulls-eye through his heart. Sherlock had stabbed him. In the heart. Without hesitation and without warning, though he supposed if there had been a warning, he never would have allowed it.
His remark was purposely hurtful but Molly had earned the biting remark with her pitiful attempt to elicit some sort of emotional response from him. That the woman should even consider he was not attempting to find John in spite of his displeasure with the man’s new romance was beyond ignorance. Her general stupidity he was usually able to overlook as she did often play a beneficial role in his ability to access hospital resources, but he had learnt all he was going to from this evenings interaction.
"You're dreaming." Sherlock stated, as though this were an answer of some kind that would enlighten him in some manner.
The whites of John’s eyes showed brightly as the front legs of his chair snapped back to the hardwood floor. The idea was unfathomable. The doctor’s mind was cluttered with the medical data that flooded in, as he failed to calculate how the madman managed it. Still boggled by the prospect, all John could manage to caution his friend was a lame, “You should sleep more.”
“Sherlock.” As John whispered the name he watched those magnificent eyes blaze. Drawing the captured hand slowly up above those dark curly locks he leaned in close until their lips were a breath apart. “I know exactly who I am in bed with.”
“A trick.” She said, with a wink. “Nothing more.”
Distantly he noted something wet hitting his stomach, but he was too lost in these sensations to care. John felt himself being pulled down. Long arms encircled him as he continued to float, slowly drifting down from the high. Reality eventually sifted back and he found himself collapsed across Sherlock, face tucked under his chin. Cradled by the man’s arms and legs he lay there a moment longer listening to the strong beating of the detective’s heart.
"Molly did in actuality and then she contacted me." Sherlock very selflessly admitted.  He propelled forward, commandingly going into great length as to what the first body had displayed.  Drained just the same as the man they had examined prior the middle-aged woman's corpse showed even less explanation for it.  John could agree that it was indeed unusual.  In the man's case he could have been hung to drain, given the extensive trauma to the neck, but still it would have taken a modest amount of time and the body should have displayed signs of post or pre-mortem binding.  How else would you relieve one of their blood?  He knew that embalmer's removed the blood to prepare a body after death by suctioning, but as Sherlock reiterated to him, they replaced it with a disinfecting fluid.  No one wants to see their loved one as a shriveled body in a casket.
John, still restrained by his maker, seemed to be regaining his faculties slowly. Lestat’s eyes were downcast, lost yet not vacant. The utter stillness was unsettlingly, statuesque, and still Sherlock was reminded of how wild and without precedent the current circumstances were to him.
It was Sherlock’s turn to roll his eyes.  Normal people were so simple.  “I got all that from the wallet in the man’s pocket.  Don’t be surprised if you are contacted soon by the British Secret Service, I am sure that they will be interested in the remains.”
Slowly she drew the cup away, her eyes distant and forlorn, and he felt that even though she was convicted to release this information to him that she was still somewhat apprehensive about it.  In a soft tone, she mumbled, "His name is Ludvik.  He's one of the group's cofounders, one of three.  He gave the order and the others supported it because they dare not stand against him."
The smirk on his mouth grew, as he shook the man from his somnolence, explaining with a gentle directness that he was to move to his bed. The detective reached out a groping hand, which John took, helping the man to his feet. Together they made it to the bedroom, where Sherlock was unceremoniously deposited onto the mattress. His body curled protectively into the fetal position, as John reefed back the covers from underneath the fully clothed man. Protectively, the doctor covered his patient, leaving him to catch up on his lost sleep while his brain remained shut off.
Sherlock cried out an unintelligible word and attempted o grind down on his hand. Shifting, John tightened his grip on the detective’s cock and began a faster rhythm. All the while his eyes stayed locked on his friend’s face, making sure there was no pain. There were none, even as his index and middle finger slid fully in. John found himself groaning as he thought of Sherlock clinching around his cock instead of his fingers and his hand continued thrusting. Hooking his fingers slightly, he angled up, searching.
“No, no, no…” He had forgotten again. What was he talking about? Leaning against the car, John folded his arms. His attention focused on the silky material against his ribs, and he looked down. He was wearing a dress. John felt like he should know why he was wearing a dress, it wasn’t like he usually went around in them.
With his knew enlightenment to the supernatural aspects deeply hidden within the constructs of the world he had known, he would no longer be surprised to ascertain that she was gifted somehow as well.  It would certainly explain what modern scientific data and logic could not.
"Earth to--LE-EAHhhg..gg.g" The girls voice was straggled suddenly as Lestat's hand closed as fast and proficient as a cobra strike, around the tanned expanse of slender throat. Her fingers were clawing desperately as she kicked and splashed wildly. A sickly gurgling sound squeaked past puffing lips still slick with gloss, it was oddly beautiful in its tragic appearance.
It was just before dawn and so the vampire left the detective at the flat with the instruction to sleep, so he would be ready the next evening to start their investigation together.  Sherlock hated to do as he was told but he had not the strength to do otherwise at that point.  The bed was littered still with bits and pieces of debris from their previous encounter in the room.  The detective grabbed the top cover and gave it a shake before falling in.  As soon as his head hit the pillow sleep took him
Returning inside the long fingers took care to unfold the delicate square of paper. It had been folded in the style of public school love notes, little hearts penned on its edges here and there as a new tab was unhooked. Once the sheet was spread out it revealed a hastily sketched image of what he could only guess was some sort of oval carved stone. There were various characters around the outside boarder that had hints of various origins that made no sense. Babylonian, Sanskrit, Roman, Futhark and even what appeared to be a few hieroglyphs. It looked like a terrible attempt to sketch a prop for some outrageous fantasy movie script.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Lestrade,” the detective huffed irritably, as he childishly folded his arms over his chest like a petulant child rebuking a parental command, “there was no reason why I should have informed anyone of my departure.  I am a grown man.  I can come and go from the flat I pay rent for as I so please.”
John wondered, where the man was. He wondered if Ludvik had gotten to him, if he was under attack and whether that attack was mental or physical. He damned his own inability to navigate this telepathic battlefield, for having failed so miserably in his attempt to over power this man, and for leaving Sherlock unprotected.
The detective watched his flat mate close the distance between them and allowed the other man to take his other forearm in hand.  The remaining patches were ripped free and tossed in the garbage.  There was a wince but no yelp.  There was little space between them and it was closed as the detective dipped his head, their foreheads pressing together.  The flat mates eyes locked, their noses brushing, Sherlock admitted, “Y-you’re absolutely right.  I apologize, John.  That was callous of me.”
Shocked out of the semi-meditative sleep-state the consulting detective lay on the floor a few minutes and rubbed his jaw.  He had tumbled off of the divan and despite the very real knowledge that what took place in his mind had not physically happened, his muscles had reacted in a very real way. Thus the pain, though obviously not as intense as if it had happened, was present and would be well into the evening.
Louis gave a polite knock at the bathroom door, rousing John from his own staring assessment of himself, and then the two of them left the house together.
“If she happened to end his life, by biting clean through his fleshy neck in her amorous need to satiate some carnal sexual desire, then, yes.” The detective jested, fantastically, before grinding back to the truth.  “Perhaps that’s why I referred to the murder as a ‘he’ earlier.  Biting for sexual arousal is somewhat out of my league of experience but I do rather think that a woman would have had a hard time leaving that deep of an impression—most men too I suspect—?”  Sherlock’s last comment was stifled by John’s sudden movement towards him.
Consumed by the heat of his anger, his fear of losing this man to eternity, and his own frail mortality, Sherlock shoved John back down to the bed. He grappled John, pinning the man’s wrists above his head once more. John had always been surprised by the man’s unassuming strength, more so now that the balance of physical power had shifted between them so drastically. But, the doctor forgot that his vampirical gifts meant little within the confines of the mad genius’ mind palace.
Sherlock’s hand went to the throat of the animal, his thin fingers digging deep into the mangled hide, skin, and muscle below, making a sickening squish, as he took hold of it and reefed back.  Nothing much happened.  “The man’s neck,” he began to explain, “was torn open.  There were clear marks where, what I suspect must have been fingers, had torn into the flesh.  The way the skin and muscle was ripped away from the neck was most certainly from a tearing motion.”
"So how exactly do you intend this to work?" came the smooth and somewhat patronizing question. It had not been intended to come across so pissy, but once out he could not retract it.
"B-list?" Lestat scowled, looking offended. "So harsh Mr. Holmes but I know you well enough to guess that my music is not within your realm of taste, so I shall let that one slide.”  He smiled with the right side of his mouth, the long dangerous tooth peeking through the pink cover of his full lips, as he raised his eyebrows at the stone cold detective riding out his storm with an impressing air of disinterest.  It was a challenge, an unequivocal invitation, as he added, slyly, “Now, what if I was to tell you that immortality is real?" His tone becoming inquisitive and playfully he drew a finger to tap his chin, his entire naked stance changing from challenging to act like a studious professor testing a haughty student. "What would you find the most unrealistic part of that?"
As he read people moved around him, never suspecting a damned creature sat in their midst, hidden like a wolf in sheep’s wool. He ignored the spinning heads of females that passed him by, as well as that of the odd man. Though the diversity of their thoughts at the sight of a creature as himself was rather difficult to filter and dismiss. To them he was more, though they would not be able to place quite how. Unexplainably beguiling, entrancing, eyes lingered longer then intended when they looked in his direction.
“Sure…” slurred the quiet voice, now impatient and slicked with a thin annoyance, as his eyes closed, and his massaging fingertips moved to his right temple, “Yes. Your blog. That will do.”
“We should arrive in another two nights, at the latest.” His response was curt. He did not feel the need to remind the woman that they could not travel during the day. She already knew.
Under the flat screen he spotted a divan that sported what looked like a change of clothes.  He investigated the bundle of folded garments, finding name brand jeans, a half sleeve button down shirt, and black pants, all in his size.  As he pulled the clothes on he wondered what had happened to his own clothes.  He certainly didn’t wear expensive jeans like these.  It alarmed him just a little that they all fit perfectly.  Below the divan he found a pair of black socks and loafers.
“As you wish,” the other spoke aloud, the corner of his mouth turning up ever so slightly. John could feel the pride and the satisfaction his comment had made the other vampire feel. “You are always so determined, so strong. This is a good step. Shall we go then?”
“No.” Sherlock disagreed. “I believe that his interest was genuine. I think Lestat’s was, as well, to start out with. Lestat had been the one to lay out the baffling murders for us to follow. A means of getting us to perform for Louis and himself when they had first arrived in London. I think Moriarty seen the vampires as an opportunity to up the ante.”
John shushed him. “Quiet, if he hears, he might rethink his position on the subject. He’s not a huge fan of needles, but if it’s more convenient, he’s bound to change his mind.”
The doctor in John took over, pushing the slender man toward the bedroom. “You’re going to dry off if I have to do it myself,” he said, grabbing towels on their way.
Sherlock turned over. “What else?” he asked.
She nodded. “They seem very happy.”
“Mmm.” Sherlock nuzzled against his neck, already off in his mind palace. John closed his eyes, ready to take a quick kip. “Is this why you presented me with your posterior last night?”
“I forgot it at Barts,” Sherlock said, “and I had to go follow a lead.”
“I have Papa’s,” Hamish said, pulling a chain out from under his collar. The band sat at the lowest point on the chain. “Though I’ve never understood the inscription.”
“And here I thought you weren’t a cuddler.”
“John! Jooooohhhnn! John!”
What one doesn’t know, and likely would never guess, is that one of the few things Sherlock hates more than shopping is how John dresses.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I can—”
They had been to two shops, and John had learned not to listen when Sherlock paid.
Sherlock huffed and flopped across the sofa. “This is tedious.”
Time passed. And at some point, Sherlock stopped.
Grey eyes lit with interest.
John stroked his hair tenderly. “What doesn’t he know?” he asked. “Hmm?”
Hamish shook his head. “My parents were married for thirty years,” he said. “And he never expected to outlive Papa. Ever. And I expect if it weren’t for me… he wouldn’t have outlived him by much.”
Hamish sighed. “I don’t know, Father,” he said. “With all the times you’ve died, wouldn’t you know?”
Hamish smiled. “I love you too, Daddy.”
Sherlock didn’t answer.
John smiled. “All right, love. Anything you want.”
The important thing was, John’s clothes were horrible, and should never ever be worn when they were out on a date. Or on a higher end case. Or ever. They were truly offensive.
Sherlock glared at the sofa. “There is something wrong with the sofa, John. It will not allow for a position that will provide adequate contact and comfort,” he grumbled.
He got up, knowing that he’d get no more sleep until Sherlock had what he wanted.
Hamish closed his eyes for a moment. “Then it’s time, I think,” he said. “Don’t you?”
“Sherlock?” he said.
“Case,” Sherlock said. “Cold case for Lestrade. I figured it out.”
When he was through, John asked, “What was it you were thinking so hard about?”
“I always thought I was more like you,” Hamish said.
“Tonight I’ll have to help you wash the product out of your hair,” John said, and watched as Sherlock stilled, intrigued. “We’ll have to take quite a long shower.”
She smiled sadly. “Conditions like his are usually highly treatable. Could nothing have been done?”
“Want me to scratch your back, love?” John asked, sliding a hand under the loose side of the dressing gown. Sherlock grunted.
Sherlock pressed the ring into his son’s hand. “These words, Hamish. They are to be on my gravestone. It’s in the files as well, but I needed to tell you. I asked him this very question before our first case together. He asked me this when he proposed… they are the words that began it all. And they must be the end as well.”
John prodded him. “Make room, you git,” he said. He settled into the curve of Sherlock’s body, and pulled one long arm around himself.
“You’ll have to put up with a touch of makeup too,” John said.
“That’s a terrible thing to say.”
“What is it?” he growled, hoping to make his displeasure known.
His captor snored softly into his chest, and he carefully pieced together the evidence at hand.
John picked up on Sherlock-speak for ‘I’m upset’.
“Mmm.”
Sherlock slunk into the room, wearing only a dressing gown and pants, and flopped onto the sofa face first, tucking his frigid toes between John’s thighs. John jerked at the sudden contact, then sighed and laid a hand on the back of his calf.
“Dull,” Sherlock replied.
“They are hideous and unflattering, and do not deserve the honor of adorning your body,” Sherlock said. “We have more shops to visit.”
“Hamish, I’m dying.”
Sherlock hummed softly. “John doesn’t know,” he said. “Might be a bit not good.”
John took that as a yes, and scratched up along Sherlock’s spine, then tracing along his ribs, which were slightly less apparent than the first time he’d done this for Sherlock.
John studied the sofa for a moment. “Have you considered spooning?” he asked.
John realized that while Sherlock had been doing more to care for himself, he wasn’t entirely reformed, when he found Sherlock settling in for a jaunt about his mind palace just as John was getting ready to get some sleep.
Sherlock protested the whole way, but never stopped moving. And they both knew from experience that if Sherlock didn’t want to go, he had a number of ways to keep it from happening.
It was late when he came home, only to find Sherlock in exactly the same position. He looked around the flat to find nothing had changed since that morning. The same teacup, now stale, on the table, no sign of any experiments or food all day.
Hamish nodded, deciding not to argue. “All right. You’ve signed all the papers you needed to?” he asked. “To make sure that when it happens, that’s it?” His father nodded tiredly. “Good. Then we’ve got nothing to worry about.”
John was sitting on the sofa when Sherlock came out. “Is that my jumper? Where did that come from? I thought I’d lost it.”
“Sherlock,” he said again. “Sherlock, wake up.”
Sherlock sighed happily. “It’s my favorite thing. It’s the best thing. Better than drugs. Better than cases.” He relaxed and closed his eyes. “Favorite thing.”
Sherlock woke slowly, stretching languidly across the bed before returning to his previous position, against John. “Go to sleep, Sherlock. Wake up, Sherlock. Do you think you could decide what you want?” he griped.
Sherlock wriggled free of the covers and walked out to the kitchen. John gave him a glass of water and a couple of tablets. “Take those, and we’ll take a quick shower, and then we can spend the morning kissing on the sofa.”
A knight approached. “Oi, John, great costume. Sherlock… you came as yourself.” The knight pulled off his helmet. “Any luck so far?” Lestrade asked, now that he was free.
The next incident was a cold day when it was raining. For once it was a real downpour, and John had a nice day, relaxing, reading, and having a bit of time to himself. Sherlock was off at Barts or somewhere else, and that meant John had the flat to himself.
John shook his head. “You’re mad,” he said. “Absolutely mad. Are you feeling any warmer?”
“Sherlock, don’t argue with me,” John said, wrapping a towel around Sherlock’s waist before pulling off his trousers and pants. “You need to dry off and warm up.”
Hamish wrapped his hands around his father’s. “I understand,” he said.
John woke to a face full of hair, his body effectively pinned by the one wrapped around him. An arm beneath his back, the other along his side and behind his head, a slight, but surprisingly heavy body on his chest, and a leg thrown over his held him well.
“You deserve it. My stomach aches now.”
“You’re going to,” John said.
“Sherlock?” he said.
Hamish Watson hurried along the hall of the home hoping that he wasn’t too late. He’d gotten a sinking feeling in his gut, and he feared that his father had finally gone.
Sherlock shook his head. “Of course not. I hadn’t thought that far ahead. I only realized today that I should replace your hideous jumpers with more appropriate clothes.”
“I had not come up with a plausible conclusion,” Sherlock said. “You had expressly said you were not prepared to engage in sexual acts concerning that anatomy. So I did not act.”
Sherlock smiled. “That was his answer.” He took a slow breath. “You’d think I’d be used to it by now,” he said. “How much this part hurts. Dying. I’ve only done it a couple times, but I still wasn’t expecting it to hurt so much.”
John waved a hand over his shoulder as he followed the consulting detective away.
“I know. It won’t be long,” Hamish said, sighing. “I’m not surprised in the least. Just that he’s made it this long.”
As Sherlock dragged him toward a third shop, John halted in his tracks. “Sherlock, what is going on?”
“I don’t see why we couldn’t have gone with that other suggestion,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t. Not yet. But you will,” he said. “And that’s enough.”
Sherlock shook his head sadly. “There was nothing for me there before now. Nothing that mattered so much. No one who would be waiting for me.” He worked his ring off his finger, past knuckles grown large from age and arthritis and the damage of a lifetime as adventure-filled as his had been. He smiled as he read the inscription, his once sharp eyes now dulled with time. “The words that started it all,” he said quietly. He looked at his son. “I’ve been… a terrible father."
"Having fun?" he asked, shifting his weight onto the other leg.
The genius gave him a surprised look and straightened up, closing the ever-broken wardrobe, which irritated him from the beginning. He grimaced at the creak and propped the door with his suitcase.
The question that formed in his mind did not have time to leave his mouth because they stopped in front of the same door. He watched as Holmes pulled the handle and entered the office first. The breath of air carried the suffocating scent of dust and old wood with it. The sour, metallic flavour dominated the taste buds in the next few seconds. At first, he only saw Holmes' smile, who motioned him inside. Then he noticed rows of glazed showcases and piles of old books lying on tables. The displays were piled up against every wall, in every corner, and at every height, presenting a sizable collection of blades.
He put a hand on Sherlock's neck. He met his eyes and pulled slowly downward, bringing his lips together in a gentle kiss. They rubbed their lips, pecking lightly and sucking the skin unobtrusively. John was patient, slow. He allowed Sherlock to enjoy their kiss for the first time and learn what he desired. He allowed him to deepen and control the kiss. He had to admit that his friend was a quick learner.
"Then where are we going?" he asked.
"Yes. Because it's my fault. I should be more careful."
"Due bicchieri di acqua, per favore," Aaron said, not waiting for John's reaction. The woman did not even save the order. She bowed slightly and walked away. John didn't realize he was watching her. His attention was caught by Aaron's amused voice.
"I know where this is going, but I'll let you finish. I bet it's your favorite part." This time he smiled seriously, although that smile had nothing to do with courtesy.
"Isn't that you marito?" Francesca asked. John walked toward Mycroft without a word, but he still held the woman by his side. Mycroft's eyes grew big when he saw John. He blinked nervously and the doctor could swear he saw Mycroft swallowed hard. The other man's gaze also fell on John. He fell silent and watched him closely.
"From the day you went with Mycroft to Italy," Sherlock said casually while shrugging his shoulders.
"And where are you?"
He knew that somewhere in Mind Palace he had that name hidden. He must have had some connections with John and his past. Judging by the behavior of his friend, their relationship ended in an unpleasant way. Painful for John. At one point Sherlock entered the right room. He remembered. He came across this name when he was checking Major Sholto's past. So Sebastian Moran was a soldier. A professional sniper. Group leader and John's friend in the army. They served in one camp and often went on missions together. Yes, everything made sense now as he looked at Moran. He saw old scars on his face. His body was still in excellent condition, although he sat in the secret service cell, for a long time. His behavior and movement remained the same as he had acquired during military training. Patience characterized snipers, and Moran was the perfect example. He was not discouraged and he pursued his goal despite unfavorable circumstances. He tirelessly watched John, his eyes never leaving him. He focused on completing the task. His task at the moment was to get his attention. Or maybe he was looking at John because at last, he had the opportunity to do it? Who knows why he came under the surveillance of the secret services and what they wanted to get out of him? What made John never mention him? But the most important question was - what did they have in common? Why was his friend so shocked to see Moran?
So that was the problem. John started to understand Mycroft's bad mood and his bitter comments. He knew what irritated the older man so much and why he couldn't talk to him calmly for the last hours. It turned out that everything was about Sherlock. He was the reason for their quarrels. John wasn't going to talk anymore because talking about Sherlock was not a good idea at the moment. He was angry when he thought that he was under Mycroft's observation and his people were following him step by step even in the middle of the night. He felt robbed of privacy. He didn't even want to think about what his spies had told him, what information he had and what he deduced except for that kiss, or rather just a kiss attempt. He didn't feel like getting nervous and starting another quarrel. He loosed his crossed arms with resignation and shaking his head, he walked toward the front door.
Finally, the strange silence must have reached the consciousness of the genius. He shook himself from some trance, because the fingers with which he wanted to touch him, he brushed his hair. He cleared his throat, straightened up, and looked away.
He was too involved in all of this to back out now. The Ripper case left its mark on him. He couldn't just go back to his old life. He didn't want to do this. He was aware of how much he could lose. But there were also some good sides. A close relationship with a detective, the prospect of catching a ruthless murderer and changing his boring life. How could he abandon it all and return to a grey existence, filled with monotony and fear for his mental health? However, his main goal was to save women from a cruel death. He couldn't live with the knowledge that he had given up punishing the monster who had murdered innocent women. His training and character had allowed him to put an end to the Ripper's activities and to avert the atmosphere of horror in the city.
"A few more steps, Myc," he said cheerfully and was surprised to see Holmes's face.
After a soft sigh, Mycroft hesitated for a moment, then replied to John in a calm tone.
The last suggestion made the youngest of the policemen rush to the detective with something heavy in his hands. "We found it near the outhouse, Mr Holmes. It's a leather apron. It's the kind of thing the butchers at the local butcher's shop use."
John never took his eyes from him. Even when Mycroft took two steps back and joined Franco. They go deeper into the hall when the older man turned his head. Their eyes met again before Mycroft disappeared behind the marble wall.
"I don't forbid you to be yourself, I just want you to stick to the plan and listen to what I say to you ..."
"You didn't expect that, did you?" Sebastian walked behind him. He sat next to him with a wry face. He grabbed the stick and began to peel it off with a sharp knife, which he pulled from the shoe.
John felt a large drop of sweat on his back. The drop started to flow from the back of the neck, passed through the middle of the back and was absorbed in the place where his shirt merged with trousers. His whole body was unpleasantly wet, but it was this drop that completed his frustration. He felt hot, his legs slowly ached from new and not very comfortable shoes. He would give anything to sit somewhere in a cool place or take another bath. However, he was at the mercy of Aaron at the moment who was dragging him through the streets of Venice.
"These gentlemen are apparently not too willing to accept your ideas. Since they do not want to listen to your advice, that's means, they do not need it and they can deal with this problem alone. Come on ..." John gave his hand to Mycroft and waited for him.
"You feel satisfaction when you torment Mycroft, right?" John asked as he drank half a glass of wine. Sherlock gave him a satisfied smile.
John nodded. "Then, when he rests, please tell him to come for me. Then we will go to the city." He had to end the conversation because he saw Mycroft didn't look very good. At first glance, nothing seemed to be happening, but John could see the effort on his face as he tried to keep his position straight. Otherwise, he would sway. "Let's say in an hour or two." He pushed Mycroft's back lightly, directing him to the apartment. When they entered, the couch in the center of the living room buckled under the weight of a genius. "Don't move. I'll give you water." John passed him.
The hotel looked like something was going to happen there. Guests of the hotel were politely forced to leave the building. They were replaced by dozens of men in black, expensive suits and with bluetooth earphones. Some of them stayed outside, while the others were hanging around the lobby and looked into the abandoned rooms to lead out stubborn and non-cooperating hotel guests. Important delegates and heads of some countries were sitting in the big hall, waiting for others. They discussed this sudden problem. Mycroft felt confident but didn't let go of John's hand.
John has lost all self-control. Instead of pulling him for another kiss, he pushed Sherlock onto the bed, crushing him with his body and showering him with the touch of wet lips.
"And by the way," the landlady said, "you could offer him a trip to a similar place from time to time. You should take care of him, not expose him to danger. Running on dark streets doesn't seem like a good idea to spend time together, not to mention the dangers on every corner, "she said, tilting her head slightly. "In my opinion, you should sometimes take an example from your brother and provide John and yourself ..."
He widened his eyes and let out a sigh. This caused an immediate reaction from Sherlock, who started sucking his lips, and after a while, he pushed his tongue in without resistance. John tugged the lapels of his jacket and lost himself in a passionate kiss. At that moment he felt the movement of Mycroft who was standing now behind him, pressing his hard penis against his buttocks while rubbing the front of his trousers with his strong hand.
"It doesn't bother you with other friends. You even tolerate Mycroft" his tone was filled with sadness and accusations, but John knew it was more acting than real grudges. He decided not to explain himself and see the results.
"You noticed that the victim had a swollen tongue so she was strangled. However, you can see blood on the fence that spurted after the neck was cut. The murderer must have had stains on his clothes, but no one in the area noticed anyone suspicious. No one here can afford a coachman, not to mention the horses and the carriage. The woman was killed in the early morning. She could have slept those few hours in some corner, but she found the man trustworthy. She accepted his offer, even though she didn't have to.
John kissed Francesca on the temple and bowed to Molly. Both women did not blame him for leaving, although their reasons were completely different. John was silent, completely ignoring the man. He was about to say goodbye, but Stoner walked quickly around Francesca's chair and approached him, grasping his arm tightly and leaning into his ear.
John recognized Molly's voice. She was sitting behind him. He shivered slightly, but immediately controlled his body and started browsing the menu.
Mycroft leaned back in his chair. He crossed his legs, sighed deeply and his face calmed down. "Why all these excuses," he said calmly, "We both know that you only care about John. You want to sleep with him, so not beat around the bush."
After taking a shower and having breakfast in the living room, John wondered what to do that day. Visiting the city was not an option, because the morning was unbelievably hot, so he did not even want to imagine how it would be in the afternoon. He hoped Francesca would have time for him. Only she made his stay in Venice pleasant and he felt very comfortable with her. He loved Francesca's company and almost regretted not knowing her a dozen years earlier.
John frowned.
"Thank you, John. This is really important to me. You will learn everything you will need next week. But now it will probably be better if I leave you two alone ..." with these words he reached out his hand to John. The doctor stood up and returned the handshake. This time Mycroft had a real smile on his face. Second later elder Holmes disappeared on the stairs.
"Yes ... But you don't have to come with me. You can stay in our apartment or go to the city. You can decide. It's our penultimate day, so you don't have to worry about anything anymore."
"Hmm. You mean, she-minister," Holmes sighed when everything became clear.
He heard no more. Some words reached his ears, but he focused on the woman whose life ended in such tragic circumstances. She was lying between a high wooden fence and concrete steps. As he went down, he had to be careful not to step on her. He knelt beside the body. Poor woman. What she had to go through, he thought. He knew that her mutilated body and pale face would remain in his memory for a long time. He took off the glove and put the back of his hand against the woman's skin. She was cold.
It was quite late. The full moon shone outside the window and reflected on still water. The streets were abandoned, only lonely couples were passing quietly somewhere. Before John went to the bedroom, he looked at the small pile of bedclothes on the couch. The small pillow and thin blanket did not match this room and looked very depressing on the decorated sofa.
"Good morning, Miss Hooper. I hope you have a great day."
He wasn't surprised by their reaction. He would have liked to do the same. But he had to follow Holmes, who entered through the heavy door of the morgue. The very first step echoed in the empty corridor. The sounds grew louder as they made their way down the stairs to the bottom of the building. Gas lamps lightened their path. He was silent as if he were afraid to disturb the peace of the dead, whose bodies he could sense even from behind closed doors. They passed countless rooms. Some were closed, and some were open. He didn't want to look, but out of the corner of his eye, he could see people washing dead bodies. He could see reddish water dripping from the tables and white piles of irregularly shaped materials. He didn't have to wonder what was underneath them. They were approaching halfway down the corridor when he noticed Holmes slow down. The detective took each step slowly and watched him for a long moment. They had to stop after some time.
"Sherlock ... I don't know ... he's acting weird today. And I don't mean 'weird' like in the last days. Now his 'weird' is that he changed his attitude completely. Yesterday everything was fine and today he behaves as if I were his colleague. Ha! Even better. As if he barely knew me. He ignores me and treats me as if I did not exist. He has behaved weird recently, but today he outdid himself".
John pressed his arm against the door even more, blocking the genius from leaving. He couldn't accept that Mycroft was just going to leave like this, although on the other hand John understood him, and knew that this kind of behavior perfectly suited him.
Something he had been waiting for had happened. Finally, the man moved. He watched the stranger shift his position. The man took his leg off his knee and reached for something in the bag lying on the seat. All this was happening in the dark part of the carriage, but he could hear the soft click and then the noise of glass objects.
"This is my lifestyle. My loneliness should not interest anyone. It was my choice."
"I hoped you also be together as a couple for the next congress."
Mycroft cleared his throat softly. He blinked. He looked away and looked at John again. "Nothing connects people more than love and caring for the same person," he said, straightening his back.
Mycroft turned his head slightly towards him, but John could not see his face or his emotions. The silence continued until the older man sighed with irritation.
Thanks, guys!
"Who? Sherlock?"
"What do you remember, Watson?"
"The carriage is waiting".
"By the way, Sherlock ..." he said with audible tiredness. He could barely keep up with his friend's long legs. "What kind of videos have you watched so passionately on your old phone? Molly mentioned she couldn't sleep because of that. These noises woke me up once too."
"I think you can't handle the feeling of losing and you can't sleep at night, looking for some solution."
"The decisions you make will be fully respected by us. No matter what, you'll have our support."
(See the end of the chapter for
he thought with amusement, tangling his fingers in his friend's black hair. He heard Mycroft's soft chuckle beside him. He looked at him as the genius removed his used condom.
He felt John freeze in place with his nose stuck in the bend of his neck. A moment later, however, he heard a soft giggle, and he started chuckling too. "It looks like we'll have to prepare today's dinner," he said as John raised his head and looked at him with hazy eyes, also filled with amusement.
"Good morning" Sherlock's tone surprised John. He thought, or rather hoped his presence would make Sherlock smile at least. He did not expect he would jump with joy, clap his hands or wrap his arms around him, but the quiet and almost ignoring tone and the lack of eye contact completely surprised him. And it wasn't over. Sherlock simply passed him without a word. He just cut him dead. He stood next to a small table with a laptop, checking the city map.
"Don't worry, I don't have that specific information about you. About your..." he stopped, nodding his head and looking at his brother's penis meaningfully, "I was improvising."
The mask was beautiful and thin, but its cool appearance caused mixed feelings for John. He ran his fingers over it, examined every fold and rough fragment. He became sad when he remembered something that hurt him with double strength now. He was silent, but he could feel Sherlock's eyes staring at him and his warm body next to him.
Francesca shook her head but didn't stop smiling.
"Mycroft, I'm fed up with indecision for today. Tell me what you want because I'm tired of waiting".
"My brother has nothing to do with it," he snarled warningly, but John knew his words were not true. Everything made sense now. This strange rebellion, avoiding uncomfortable situations and conversations, pretending that nothing has happened in the last two weeks. Mycroft was jealous of his brother. Who knows, maybe even ashamed of what he did to him? Suddenly a question appeared in John's head and he had to know the answer.
"Yes. That's the right word. When I got up, I immediately knew I had to get rid of Sherlock as soon as possible because I felt your sperm running down my thigh."
"No, Sherlock. Slowly and gently ..." Mycroft focused on what his brother was doing to John.
Aaron bent in half, opened his eyes in shock and pain, but didn't make the slightest sound.
"Do you think he has an owner?"
Crumpled bedding, pillows lying on the ground, and a bed that was shifted - not much, but still. What's more, his friend, dearest friend ... had dried sweat on his skin, matted hair and was naked from the waist up. He couldn't look at the other man. He felt disgusted and knew that if he cast one glance at him, he could not bear the tension that made his whole body freeze.
"And you know what I think?" John said, but Mycroft interrupted him almost immediately with a stiff and contemptuous tone.
In the meantime, Sherlock began to talk about one of the two serial killers that he murdered in this area. John listened intently and imagined seventeenth-century Venice and its realities. He was looking at the high walls of buildings soaked with moisture. Protruding bricks emerging from under the cracks. Uneven pavements and solid walls separating the city's districts. According to Sherlock, it was in these areas in the seventeenth century that the bodies of boys under the age of fifteen began to be found. All of them were dressed in sailor uniforms popular at the time, but there were no signs of violence on their bodies. The series of killings lasted several months and despite the efforts during this time no suspect was found.
John smiled slightly. So what if the bullet penetrated the very corner of the target, passing absolutely every line of the drawn man? The most important thing was Josh's joy and the fact that after so many days he finally managed to aim and hit the target. That target was a large cardboard shield hanging several dozen feet away. Of course, it was pure luck, but John was not going to take his moment of happiness away. He lowered his hands and turned his head towards him.
Mycroft's face said a lot. He looked at his brother with pursed lips, dilated nostrils and furious gaze. He leaned over John, grabbed Sherlock's phone and began to wrestle with him. John had to lean back so as not to get hit by the fighting brothers. He rolled his eyes and sighed loudly. Yes. It was perfect proof of gentlemen's behavior. The day before, he was made informed that elegant men in a serious position do not use force to get or receive anything. Now he had perfect proof in front of him.
"Sherlock, what are you doing here?" John asked. He was completely awake.
"Is this your first time?" Mycroft asked in a slightly surprised tone. He was sitting in a typical position. With crossed legs and comfortably spread out on the seat. He watched John with sharp eyes. "I thought Francesca showed you all the charms of Venice ..."
Before Sherlock realized that something was wrong, test tubes, glass pipes, and other tools began to shake. The glass vessel looked like it was about to burst under the pressure of boiling liquid. Purple smoke began to come out of the tubes and quickly spread through the kitchen. Sherlock didn't wait. He quickly got up from the chair, left the pipette and everything he had in his hands, and quickly closed the kitchen door. He knew he didn't have much time before everything around him was going to be absorbed by the effect of his failed experiment. He ran to the living room window, but he could already see the purple smoke coming out of the doors and crevices. He started coughing. He narrowed his eyes as he wrestled with the window. The only consolation was that the smoke wasn't poisonous. After a few hard jerks, he managed to open the window. He tilted his head out and tried to catch as much fresh air as possible. Purple smoke poured out into the street, drawing the attention of people who were passing under the flat.
"Watson. Look at this", the detective was leaning over the table.
"Of course".
Loud steps caught his attention. He looked where the noise was coming from. Three pairs of heavy shoes climbed the glass stairs. He saw the three men only when they entered the corridor. One of them, the one in the front, caught his eye at once. He was muscular and tall. His stomach muscles were visible from under his black shirt. He walked with a serious face, looking under his feet. This was not due to shyness or uncertainty. The man had no pleasure looking around the corridor. He had to be here often. Sherlock immediately realized that he was looking at one of those people that Mycroft and his friends interrogated in the underground rooms under the building. His appearance was screaming - danger - but Sherlock had no idea what could be the reason for his detention and for how long he had been interrogated by people like Mycroft. Only one thing was clear. The man was not here of his own free will and would gladly return to his small cell, to which he probably already got used to. He deduced it from his face. Pretty handsome face, though marked with scars and a short red beard. The other two men were his bodyguards, or rather agents who were supposed to keep him in control, guide him, and eventually immobilize him if they had to. However, this did not seem to be the case. The man looked like he was about to return to his cell at any moment, which confirmed Sherlock's belief that he had to spend several years in a secret prison.
He followed in his footsteps.
John sensed Stoner's intentions, but he wasn't quick enough to take his hand off the table. Aaron quickly grabbed his fingers, nudging the glass John was playing with. He pulled his hand closer and gripped it firmly. With his free hand, he started to slowly slide the ring off John's finger.
Mrs. Holmes smiled under her breath. "Ever since I saw this boy, I knew he would be someone special in our family. He was already Sherlock's best friend, but I saw in Mycroft's eyes that he either envied his brother's brother or wanted to be in his place. Sherly could never decide. He never was too effusive with feelings, and I won't even mention my older son. Anyway, thank you for mixing up a little between them. "
He reluctantly directed his steps up the slope. He was having a hard time. It is different to briskly go down the hill and sluggish climbing on it. A strange feeling that didn't leave him for a long time didn't help either. He felt watched and followed. He looked around but saw nothing. No hidden eyes, no paw prints. He walked a few more yards, but the feeling did not disappear. It has even increased. He began to worry seriously. He felt that he was in danger. Were there really panthers or tigers? He began to walk faster, but a moment later he stopped and listened to the sounds coming from the depths of the forest. Nothing. Only the singing of birds and the usual sounds of nature. He shook his head. He thought he was crazy. Lucy talked about wild animals, and now he began to think about it, and those thoughts prevailed in his head, creating absurd images of predators hiding and hunting him. He gripped the branches he had tied before with a rope. He convinced himself that it was his imagination and if he stopped thinking about danger, he would feel better. He turned his steps up the slope again. He walked more carefully and slower. He kept his hand on a knife attached to his belt and stared straight ahead, though he penetrated the area with his eyes and searched for what would not leave him alone. In less than five minutes he stopped again. This time to catch some breath. Slow climbing turned into a quick walk, which did not work well for him.
The delicate material slid down Mycroft's neck. He stood upright, composed, cool. A shiver pierced his body at the sight of John's face so close to his own. The moment he felt the touch of silk on his neck and saw John's blue eyes, his body reacted. Their eyes met. John froze and Mycroft's lips moved forward. He leaned quickly, but not fast enough to catch John's lips between his. The doctor who had stood on his toes, now unexpectedly sank to his feet, moving away from Mycroft's face. Genius, however, did not let him do more. He quickly bowed his head and finally kissed him. Deep, with no rush. He enjoyed the gentle touch of his lips. He knew they had longed for it for a long time, though their pride and stubbornness prevented them from admitting it. The kiss deepened with every move. Mycroft sucked John's lower lip. For stability and to show that he would not let him pull away, he held his wrist in his hand, and pressed him firmly against his body with his free arm.
It was disturbing. Strange and disturbing. However, everything suddenly went together. He remembered that he had once seen similar envelopes in Mycroft's room when he broke into MI6's headquarters to take something he needed then. Even stranger thing was that the letter was addressed to both of them. The man who delivered it certainly acted on behalf of his brother. It must have been something important and secret. But why? Why now? What was so important that he interrupted his life with John? What made him have to intervene between them right now? But what if it wasn't Mycroft's initiative? What if he was just someone's pawn and had to comply with orders from his superiors? Whatever it was, Sherlock didn't want to open the envelope. He would like to tear it apart or hide it somewhere between newspapers. He wanted to spend the next few days showing John how much he meant to him and how he felt about him. A letter from Mycroft would probably mix up his plans and life. He was going to throw the letter away, but John couldn't wait to read what it was all about, so he took it from his hand and opened the envelope. When Sherlock saw his frown and then his widened eyes, he knew that it was not good and that he would have to delay his plans. At least for a while.
"John, listen ..." Sherlock couldn't finish because his friend managed to free himself away from his hand. He was about to move on when he suddenly saw a stir among the guests and heard a distorted male voice. Someone stood in the middle of the dance floor and surrounded Mycroft with his arm. Mycroft pretended everything was fine and that forced touch didn't bother him. John could not understand the man's words, but when everyone looked in his direction, he understood he should join his husband in the middle of the room. He ignored Sherlock, pushed through the crowd, and finally stood next to Mycroft. Suddenly people started to encourage them to do something that John did not understand yet. He was a bit confused, so he looked at Mycroft and the other man who leaned toward him.
John ignored them and focused on looking through the envelopes. "I wonder how many of them are threats," his quiet grunt didn't catch their attention.
"I mean, last night he stood on the balcony for a long time and listened to the sounds coming from your bedroom. I thought he would be more sleepy today."
"Beautiful ... right?" Sherlock's voice caught John's attention.
"I didn't come here today because of him, John."
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson? I'm still in the store. Is there anything else you forgot?"
"Brother, mine. I didn't expect you to give up John's company so soon and walk him to me," he said with undisguised surprise. He watched his brother sit down opposite him.
Souvenir sellers were on fire. Even Francesca could not resist looking at handmade jewelry. Despite the crowd, John still felt Sherlock on his back. At one point Francesca gently released her companion's arm and approached surprised Molly with a smile. She winked at John. She wanted to let him know he would have time for his friend now. She murmured something in Molly's ear and they disappeared into the crowd. John looked at his friend. He stood still and smirked at him. His nice face and natural attitude made John sigh with relief. Yes, it was the Sherlock he knew.
"Where are you going?" she asked and walked over to the railing.
"Mr. Holmes, welcome to our hotel. We have already prepared an apartment for you," said the man behind the counter cheerfully and almost excitedly. He took one of the hanging keys and personally led the men to the first floor. When he opened the door with an aristocratic movement, John felt a strong and refreshing wind on his face.
He cleared his throat softly, drawing her attention. "Thank you for your help ... and sorry for Holmes's behaviour."
Holmes remained silent as he waited for more explanation.
John finally understood his strange behavior. He almost breathed a sigh of relief, but he suddenly realized a kiss in the hand would not be the last thing that would happen between them in that evening.
John's figure, his silver hair, and smile. All these advantages attracted Sherlock's eye. It has always been this way, although John did not realize it and did not see how much he was attracting his attention. Sherlock watched his friend's movements with real pleasure. How he swayed and led Molly in the dance. His appearance was much more than pleasing to the eye, which is why the younger brother Holmes did not take his eyes off him. He smiled at the steps he had personally taught John. He knew when he would turn when he would let Molly slip between his arms. He had seen it all before through the eyes of his imagination, and yet the sight of dancing John gave him so much pleasure that he couldn't look away. He did this only after the start of the second song. He turned his head and saw that Mycroft was silent drinking wine and watching John with a similar passion in his eyes.
"You don't have to say anything. That was the deal. You helped me, so I want to repay you. I don't like being in debt, especially personal ones."
Aaron's gaze passed over the sitting men and he stopped at John. "I'm glad we're all here, although I came here only for one particular person," he said without embarrassment. He was too focused on John to notice Sherlock, who was starting to eat his own teeth, or the sharp eyes of Mycroft, who was staring at him from his seat. He realized that nobody would offer him to sit in a chair. He didn't blame them, because he knew the feelings his presence caused. Without embarrassment, he pulled one of the chairs up and put it right next to the couch. He sat up and brushed his knee against John's leg. A hard leg that he felt like ripping off the pant leg and caressing John's skin with his fingers. He didn't even have to say his desires out loud. His eyes betrayed his lust and motives. His black pupils made John shiver.
"You're wrong. I can get rid of the glue using salt or soap. Acetone eventually. But you clung to me so hard, I have no ideas how to get rid of you."
"If that satisfies you and makes you stay with me, I don't mind either." Red cheeks adorned Sherlock's porcelain face as he gave him a reassuring smile. "But give up the hope that I will be will be affectionate towards him," he added, looking at Mycroft with a little disgust. "This is a line that I will not cross."
"Of course, John. He probably mentioned that half of this city is on his service as long as the congress is on. Don't worry and order what you like," he said, without taking his eyes off the menu. John decided not to argue. He wanted to say goodbye to Anthea, but he only saw her disappear somewhere in a small crowd. After a moment, the waiter appeared next to their table. He took the order only after the third time. When he disappeared, John leaned over to his pleased friend.
"Maybe this". He leaned forward. A hot breath surrounded the doctor's face. Their eyes met for a few seconds. Something sparkled in the air, it got stuffy. Sherlock's delicate lips brushed John's hot skin, leaving a kiss on his right cheek.
"To Venice. We'll have almost half the city to ourselves, although ordinary tourists will not suspect anything."
"So beautiful" he heard a female voice next to him, but he completely ignored it. He wasn't going to admire the views. Maybe for ordinary people, it was one of those moments that gave them shivers ... but in his case, it didn't matter. Why would he admire something that had no value or was it just a short moment? Ordinary brief moments that ordinary people enjoyed.
"My proposition concerns only two weeks. After these days, everything will return to normal."
"This is a very important meeting because it is one of the last at this convention. We should have this meeting somewhere else. But for some reason, they decided to change the place. I was reckless and I promised if any meeting would take place in this hotel, I would take you with you. Don't worry. You won't be bored. Everyone will come with their spouse. "
Holmes was silent as if he were considering his answer. His black figure manoeuvred silently between the exhibitions. "With each murder, he becomes more confident. Artistry joined his cruelty. He began to treat killing as an art. He mutilates each successive victim more cruelly than the previous one. As if he was competing with someone, or as if he was showing off. He eventually got his actions caught the attention of the police and other important people in the city".
To John's strange relief, his husband made a slow and gentle move forward. He bowed his head and brought his face closer, but he still had a pleading look and looked like he was waiting for a miracle. Maybe someone will interrupt us - as it happens in some cheap movies - John thought. Mycroft's lips were getting closer, both of them slowly closed their eyes when a strong wind knocked an unstable glass off the balustrade. A crystal glass shattered on the ground, making John and Mycroft jumped in shock.
"Exactly, John. I'm glad we agreed," with these words, Mycroft returned to tapping his fingers on the laptop keyboard. He didn't care about John's words and didn't pay attention to him. At least he tried.
"What are you doing?" he asked, turning his head, not quite knowing what his friend was looking for.
John frowned. He wasn't angry, but Mycroft's words sounded as if he had kept him at bay and controlled his every move so far. Well ... John should have expected that. He saw Mycroft take the last great sip of alcohol, turned to the table, poured some more whiskey and returned to him. They drank a little more than usual that evening and John was slowly starting to feel the effects of it. He set down his glass and looked at the other man. He was surprised when it turned out that Mycroft had been watching him for a long time now.
Aaron forced himself to look away from John. "You haven't talked to him yet?" he turned to Mycroft.
"These vices aren't always... bad. It depends on how you look at them.," he said in surprise, staring at the detective's profile, whose head swayed with every movement of the cab. "But why are you telling me this all?"
"The hell..." The whole group looked at Arian standing on the chipped rock. He stood with his arms outstretched. "You fucked me up, Josh ... Any idea how to get me down now?" he asked, looking at the distance between him and the others. As if he were assessing whether the jump from the current place would end with a broken leg for him.
"Look at this...".
"And I would answer," John said with a smile. He showed that, as promised in the morning, he had the phone with him all the time. He entered the living room and put the bouquet on the table. "I bought it for Francesca as a thank you gift".
“Little bit.” Lestrade agreed, before hitching his thumb back over his shoulder.  “Know a quiet place block ova’.”
Sherlock produced a cigarette, like a magician pulling a scarf from some unknown hiding place.  He lit it quickly and took a quick drag.  "Let's grab a cab.” He reaffirmed, after a long puff, “I could stand to speak with Angelo and a few others from my homeless network—," Sherlock was suggesting when he was abruptly cut off.
He cleared his throat and began to read what he had finished of ‘The Geek Interpreter.’
The car flew down the road, heading back to the E40, sleek as a bullet through the night. John was surprised by how late it was already. Google Maps told him that it could take another nine hours from their current location to reach Prague. This meant another day in a hotel room, which the vampire did not look forward to. Not only would it drive Sherlock nuts to be delayed, but John would have to give in to the immortal slumber while the detective was crawling up the walls.
"Fine, fine." John groused, with a shake of his head.  He pointed a warning finger at the detective, adding succinctly, "But we take a cab."
"Ha! Are you kidding?
John tossed the small silver key down to the man at his feet and turned away, his own frustration causing him to ball up his fists. Nails dug into his palms, as the immortal reminded himself that although he could easily kill the insolent man, he was trying to prevent that.  He tried to remember that Sherlock was still his friend, despite being a royal arse.
The detectives sleep was fitful, wrought with the feverish sweats and nausea of the withdrawal.  He had vomited at some point and finally he had slept what he felt must have been soundly for a few hours when he awoke the next day, late in the morning.  Despite everything he did feel better.  He was almost through the worst of it.  He was drenched in a slick sweat, his hair was a tangled mess that clung to his wet neck and forehead, and his muscles still ached.  Yet the goose bumps were gone, as were the chills and the nausea.  When he sat up in the bed he soon realized that Marisa had been tending to him.
Sherlock knew that he was staring, knew that John knew it too, and gave the man a reprieve from his intense scrutiny.  He crossed the room and shed his coat, throwing it over the low back of his chair, as he flopped into the seat.  John responded in kind, coming away from the window, and as if on cue, he took his seat in his familiar spot, his eyes not wanting to make contact.  It was plain now, the way the doctor was coping with whatever it was that ailed him.  He could see the tight line of his mouth, the clenched jaw, and the slight fidget to his fingertips.
Everything was made of blue veined marble, accented by silver fixtures, and rich hard woods.  There was a large triple headed shower encased in glass in one corner, flanked by a jacuzzi large enough for a pool party, and a toilet with what he thought must be a bidet.  John swallowed his awe and moved past a double sink vanity to the toilet.
“Stop. Just—just give me a minute.”  John stood, not making eye contact and walked out of the room.
“Simon says… come forward, my child.” The mirth in his tone was weakly suppressed as he gesticulated his fingers, like a mime pulling on an invisible rope. He was beaconing, as Sherlock’s body lurched forward despite the man’s utter intent to do otherwise.
Sherlock took found the IV in his arm with his clumsy fingers.  He took a moment to feel it, make sure that he pinched the head of it firmly, before he ripped it from his arm, tossing it aside.  It burned as the needle left his skin and he applied pressure for a few minutes to the puncture, laying his head back on the pillow.  His head was swimming, even with that little bit of effort.  There was certainly something else in there along side the morphine.
“Perhaps my elder in mortal years, my sweet David, but please do not parent me.” The blond vampire reminded his companion, as he brought a hand up to clap the sleek dark skinned cheek of the other.  “Many more feel it is their privilege.  I will not accept it from you.”
There he found what would have to make do for the time being. A grey cheeky donkey and three cows with little calves. John used his mind gift to sooth the animals, so they didn’t brae or low. He encircled one of the cows by the neck with his arms, and sank his teeth into the animals thick hide. He gorged on the warm blood that filled his mouth and regretfully was unable to stop himself. He let go at the last minute, as the heart beat fluttered, and finally pulled back. The animal died moments later, its body stuttering reflexively before the heart gave out entirely. It took John a moment to shake the daze that overcame him as the blood settled in his system. He had drunk ravenously, and it had left him dizzy and light headed. The cows blood had a sour taste in comparison to the rich flavors of human blood and he was already disgusted by the way it sat.  At any rate, it had taken the edge off the hunger he now felt.
“I thought so myself.” Lestrade added, feeling fairly proud to have the detective agree with his assessment.
The flowers were made up of a sloppy arrangement of daisies, babies breath, and red carnations.  Mary preferred tulips—
The detective whirled around, eyes wild and face stern.  “I haven’t taken anything, Lestrade.  You know I’m on a break.” He snapped, stalking back towards the front towards his friend and colleague.
That was why when the detective had called on him, John had not wanted to go.  You'd think that with the nose bleed John had given the damned consulting detective upon his less than courteous return to London that the man would have gotten that much through his thick walled cranium.  The doctor was not about to put himself in the same position as before, where he had been drawn in, wounded, and abandoned.  John had refused to even reply to the short text message, which simply demanded his assistance that evening.  Mary had not agreed.  So here he was, in a damp and treacherous alleyway, in the middle of a perfectly good evening, sorting through trash from a crime scene that did not seem to exist, with a man that he would have rather brushed off—would serve the arse right to be treated in kind for the way he had departed and returned from the dead.
There were only a few scattered greetings that preceded the message, exchanges of address and times, but it was more than enough to know that his newest fledgling was back in London. That meant that Louis was possibly in London as well or that the good doctor had been cut loose. Louis was not the type to play nursemaid for long. John, for his interactions and observations of the man, did not cast well to being the victim, at least, not for any great length of time. Given what he did know of the man, it was a rather resilient rebound. The sneer had faded to a somewhat impressed quirk as he thought on his latest fledgling.
John huffed a chuckle and pointed out, “That’s a double-double cross. Moriarty crossing the demon and the demon crossing Moriarty.”
“Ah, London,” the vampire finally said.  There was a longing in his tone, as his fingers slowed the globe to a stop, right over the country in question.  “I’ve always loved the history of this place, the smell of the Thames, the bustle of the city, the taste of its people.  Things had been modernized, that much goes without saying, but things haven’t really ever changed.  Same people, same agendas, same boring distractions.”  There was a hesitation in the sultry voice and Mycroft was pinned by that same intense luminescent blue gaze.  A soft smile formed on the lips, wide enough to allow a glimpse of the dangers fangs within.  “Your brother is different though.”
Sherlock watched the vampire close the door behind him.  It was but a dark blob of movement, across a distance that he could not judge through his bleary eyed focus.  With the creature gone his system seemed to flood with relief, allowing his mind to shift to more important tasks.  The vampire always kept him on edge, especially now, and with him gone he could focus his dulled intellect of trying to escape.
But admitting it to himself was not really the same as admitting it to his friend, now was it?
Louis met those roiling eyes, which spoke so much more than his impenetrable mind, and in a calm, pleasant tone, the vampire gave the detective a brief neighborly salutation.  "Good eve, Mr. Holmes.
"I don't have time for parlor tricks." Sherlock knew he wasn't going to lose this man by simply out pacing him. Instead he raised his arm, stopping at the edge of the side walk and hailed the distant taxi coming his direction.
That stopped his former lover dead, the dark eyes locked on his, making Sherlock’s pulse quicken. There was a predatory and warning flame in those shifting crystalline depths that the genius couldn't help but be ever more drawn to, only increasing the allure of this dangerous creature John had become.
The fight had been taxing for the fledgling vampire.  His hunger had been greater than either of them had suspected. Even though John had taken the precaution of feeding just before dawn and now again before they arrived at the square, the thirst cloyed at him now that he was surrounded by hundreds of beating hearts.
Opening the heavy oak door that led to the street provided a calm and refreshing rush of air into the quiet entry. Warmer than it had been over the short time he had spent in the city thus far, it was a nice change to not have the wind whipping loose the silken hair he often left long. Though the thought to cut it short had crossed his mind, he had resisted for a few reasons. The least of which, was the knowledge that though it was easy enough to befuddle an average mortal, who may notice the difference from short to long if he should he not wish to continuing to cut it each night, Sherlock was not the average mortal. He was keenly aware of his surroundings and Louis was unable to get a read the man. When he had attempted to glance within the mind framed behind those mixed eyes of blue and green he had encountered the sensation of being shoved violently away.
“ Wait...” the word was drawn out, “I thought they were together. The doctor had a woman on the side?” John felt his eyebrows rise in disbelief and Louis’ stern stare reminded him not to get worked up. There was no gain from losing his temper and revealing himself to the two gossiping women.
John was fighting hard against a clashing wave of impulses, from shoving the other off him to ludicrous ideas that involved shutting those wide cupid lips with his own. He could feel himself tensing as the heat of the others body contributed to the sweat that was forming on his brow. Nervously he licked his own lips, eyes blinking more than necessary as he tried to look away from the darkened pools of Sherlock’s gaze.
Their hips rocked in time, cocks pressing against one another in sinfully delicious friction as John rapaciously drank. John gave himself over to the force driving him, losing all thought but his raging desire for more. John needed to consume this man, needed everything. The passion-filled haze drove him one, clutching Sherlock tighter against him as he forced the detective’s mouth wider. The sound of slow clapping broke the haze of burning desire they were under.
“That concerns me.” The vampire insisted, expecting a proffered conclusion.
There was a chapter mixup that I have now corrected.  Chapter 6 was missing! -_-;;;;
The room was not very large, affording the most space at the entrance.  Frames of mundane abstract art adorned the walls, covering the recent patches to the drywall, as an extra precaution.
The detective scoffed in disappointment, retorting in a more conversational tone, “Why?  So I can tell you more about yourself?”
Art work is my own.  Just a little fun to add to the fic.  You can see more of my Sherlock artwork
John felt that pinched smile he hated so much cross his face.  It was a reflexive reaction to the question.  Had he actually been sent on to some conspiracy theorist?  He felt suddenly like this must have been all a big joke, a prank at his expense, razzing the newbie.  The smile was his way of swallowing the sudden anger that rose to the surface, the swears that were at the tip of his tongue ready to sting.
As the music thrummed around them, mingling with the faint beating of the mortals hearts that filled the place, Louis finally replied to the other, admitting, “I have come here for the time being, for as long as the ancient city amuses me.  A change was needed.”
He firmly told himself to not get distracted this time. He was, however, unable to resist leaning his body in, just to feel the heat and solid form of the younger man against him even as he glared into those strangely bright eyes. “You started this Sherlock, you don’t get to walk away whenever you feel like it. Not with me.”
"You have lost none of your characteristic ability to abolish any sliver of joy Louis might find." The voice came from another in the room that the detective was not even aware had been present. His eyes opened to blurrily focus on the figure who stood near the entrance of the suite.
"No, Lestat, just a city full of mortals that you play with like toys." There was a smoldering behind the long dark lashes and it was easy to feel the displeasure building in the immortal man across from him. Despite this, Lestat wasn't about to answer to his own fledgling simply because Louis wanted ‘alone time' with Armand.
John could hear something else then, a roaring like radio static, that grew loud enough to overcome the pounding. It was a rushing torrent of sounds jumbled all together, moving so fast that he could not make anything out. It was like being immortal again for the first time, that rushing din of voices and thoughts screaming through his brain, before he had learned how to shut them off and tune them out.
“It could be, you know. If we are going to play this game of ‘why are you here’ let us say I came for a spot of fancy tea with, Louis.” Though the tone had been lightened, the blond was still annoyed at the roundabout tactics that were being deployed on him.
“Stop-!” Sherlock gasped at the multitude of sensations filling him, spine arching as his fingers dug into John’s scalp. “Teasing me.” The words were almost a plea as he groaned again, twisting and writhing under the expertise of his lover’s hands and mouth.
“Have no fear, Mrs. Hudson,” he barked loudly, to end the sentence she was speaking.  He raised his eyes from the microscope and gave her a wide cheeky grin that quickly disappeared into a growling scowl, as he quickly informed the nosey woman, “I am entirely aware of its existence and of the circumstances under which it has occurred.  I will deal with it when I deem it necessary.  Thank you for the tea.”  He delivered the last line loud and blunted, acridly turning the thanks into a demand for departure.
The soldier scowled at the lanky genius and the quick dismissal of his concerns. This actually seemed to work. The detective’s brows came together with a comical look of bewilderment—not for John’s worries, but in confusion over what exactly he had said or done that warranted the scolding stare. John logged this reaction away to use later—his own ongoing experiments into the workings of this odd man he lived with bearing fruit—and shook a finger at the genius, reminding the man, “Lestrade will be pissed if he has to send someone to the flat to check on reports of ongoing gunfire.”
Suddenly his body was collapsing backwards, the exhalation descending into a groan as he tossed an arm over his face and began to dive into the murk of his recent memories.
John’s mouth pulled into that thin white line that curled at the corners ever so slightly—almost a smile, but most certainly not warm—as he planted his hands on his hips under the leather jacket he wore and leveled his former flatmate with an intense gaze that was all his own.  “For once, as hard as it may be to believe,” he announced, “I agree with Mycroft.”
This time, however, he knew he was dreaming.  He didn't know all the time and when he did it always felt surreal.  Knowing this time that he was dreaming felt different.  Comforting somehow, like being in a place one knew and loved.  Yet John did not recognize this place.
When the two exited the club an elegant black car with dark tinted windows waited for them. Armand dispatched the young valet and slipped into the drivers seat as his evenings company took the passengers seat. The casual inspection of the vehicles interior was part of an attempt to not show the unease that Armand could easily feel on the other. It was to be expected, he supposed.
“Do you want me to fuck you?”
The spent vampire let his body go loose against the finely crafter seats of the car. He had never felt exhaustion like this before and his medical training made him wonder if a mortal even could. His entire body pulsed with bone grinding ache that seemed to resonate through his muscles and joints.  It felt like blood pumping continuously through his circulatory system and after a moment of deliberation he supposed that it might very well be the case. His body was working as hard as it could to make up for the trauma he had sustained. He cursed himself for finding his unnatural strength and resilience absurdly fascinating.
“Actually, it was a she.” David casually corrected.
The detective moved next the small white dresser, matching piece, in the far corner by the door to the bathroom.  The top was bare.  No jewelry, no glasses, no hats, no scarves.  He began opening the drawers—they were all bare.  The dresser smelled of antiseptic cleaner and bore the signs of use.  It was not new, it had not been replaced, it had been cleaned—like every other surface within the home.
It wasn’t until approximately forty minutes later, when she was on her way out of the flat with a tray of dirty dishes, that her shuffling feet came to an abrupt stop and she all but dropped the tray on the table top.  Her never ending menagerie of conversation ended with a gasp, as she drew up straight and taut as a bow, eyes fixated on her tenant.  Sherlock swallowed his irritated growl with a quick gnashing of teeth, as he finally raised his eyes from the lenses of the microscope to address her distracting need for attention.  “What is it?” he demanded, the words hissing through his clenched teeth, as his fingers balled into fists.
John wrinkled his nose. “No. Thank you,” he amended after his quick refusal. Why did he have to play the role of a girl? He all but ignored the man and stared into the night. The hedges blended almost seamlessly with the darkness surrounding them.
The genius was timing every inward stroke with his mouth sliding down. The uncomfortable feeling of the finger began to dissipate. Instead, it began to add to the pleasure he was experiencing. It was too much and John didn’t think he could take anymore. He arched when he felt a second finger enter him, the stretch a low burn that he barely noticed over the waves of pleasure crashing over him.
He took the steps up to his flat two at a time, not bounding up them by any means, and behind him he could hear the door being caught and another individual following him inside—John.  Mrs. Hudson’s door opened and the two of them had a short exchange regarding the night’s awful events, yet there were little details to give the panicked elderly woman still startled by the occurrence and feeling somewhat responsible for the mess out front on their doorstep.  He was sure John could pacify her, as only the doctor could, and instead he went straight for his leather chair.  He tossed off his jacket and threw it on to the messy desk between the tall window, before he jumped up into the seat of his chair and squatted on his haunches.  His elbows sat on his raised thighs, as he drew his hands to steeple them under his chin.  Slowly he gathered all of his thoughts, all of his calculations, all of the clues, marshalling them into uniformed lines within his mind’s eye to begin sorting through them.
John also noticed that the advice was accurate and drew in a long breath himself, not having realized that he had stopped breathing. He tried to get used to this feeling of being overly full. Was this how Sherlock had felt? He didn’t think so, the other man had appeared to be enjoying this last night a lot more than John was. He shifted slightly trying to ease some of the tense strain and Sherlock cursed, his hips jerking in automatic response.
"You're adorable when you're angry, Armand. Have I ever told you I think I fancy you best like this?" The ridicule in the words didn't have the intended reaction as the other shook his head in disappointment.
The doctor felt his teeth gnash into the inside of his bottom lip, as he considered the thought that had fired in his brain like a loaded gun.  The shot had hit its mark, alright, and he was none to pleased about it.
But the man's eyes pestered at him, would not so easily be dismissed, even by the thrill of arousal.  All he could think was
"Not exactly, John. You are entirely correct that you are no match for your maker. I want you to, instead, join their little 'duo' and report on their activities." Mycroft had only enough time to blink before the sudden whoosh of air stirred his tie and John was in front of him, inexplicably close and silent with eyes dark and dangerous. The movement happened so quickly it almost startled the mortal man but he remained casual and stone faced, standing near the edge of a richly carved wooden desk. A paper rustled with its settling on the table before John burst.
John had moved through several reactions to his current predicament that would be considered normal he supposed if his captor were watching—which he was most certain the culprit was.  He had gone from quietly perturbed, to desperate, to panicked, to enraged, and to finally where he sat now, somewhere on the precipice of acceptance.  He was where he was and there was no way out but down—a long way down.  His desperate stage had not been that precarious.  What quieted him now and allowed the man to enjoy the view and the cup of coffee was knowing that his captor would eventually turn up.  There was no way someone imprisons someone in a bloody penthouse suite in the tallest, most expensive building in all of London without having the ego to go with it.
John huffed, “Don’t be ridiculous Sherlock! This isn’t a game.”
The cab ride home had been chilly, the night air crisp with the threat of frost, and when he arrived back at 221B the flat proved to be cold too.  Leaving his coat on he entered the flat and promptly flopped onto his back on the long couch by the door, resting his feet on the arm rest still clad in his leather shoes.  From his pocket he pulled his mobile.
STOP--PLEASE TAKE NOTE!!
His maker, the ever suave and sexual creature, swayed his hips towards the detective, those cold and ruthless icy eyes piercing through the doctor with challenge, as an arm slipped under the consulting detectives long wool coat to grip the waist on the other side.  Sherlock did not seem keen on the embrace either but did little to shrug out of the iron tight grip, managing only to cast his glance over at the blond head snuggling in a little too close for comfort.  David could see that the detective did truly want to take what Lestat was offering, by bowing to the other man’s eccentrics.  He was strong willed indeed.  Mycroft would have trouble shaking this new fascination.
“Hold on.” Lestat’s lips touched the pale length of throat with the whispered command, as they were suddenly ascended with a soft snap, air rushing and clothing ruffled in the gusts of cold wind that circled around them. The chill would have been painful to any mortal but was little more than an annoyance to either of the two creatures that hovered in a slow rotation just above the rooftops of the nearby buildings and the ally from whence they had come. The movement made Louis think of jewelry box dancers and jewelry box dancers reminded him of things best left in the past.
"She left altogether then, taking on the new identity." He paused then and their eyes met briefly, sharing an understanding of sorts.  "But you didn't. Ah! She didn't tell you she was leaving."
The vampire was incredibly confused, only increasing his irritation.  “Then why the hell are we driving half way across Europe to do her errand with nothing but her word?” he barked.
His feet came to a sudden stop, as did the thoughts in his brain.  These two words emblazoned in his minds eye, blown up, punctuated with an exclamation mark.  “Not blood loss…no—Oh, that was tricky, that was so clever!”
Sherlock was pinned to the opposite wall now, like a saint nailed to a wooden cruxifix about to be torched.  Searing heat raced from his feet up the length of his shins to his knees, then his thighs, and his hips—he thought he could smell smoke, scorched fabric and his own burning flesh—as hands were suddenly on him and Lestat’s face was before him.  The press of the killer’s body brought the sudden realization that he wasn’t really burning—even though the pain had been real enough.  Those eyes looked up at him, the man’s chin resting against the middle of his sternum, as his hands—surprisingly crisp and cold—were under his deep plum dress shirt, roaming slowly up his torso.  He couldn’t move, could barely turn his head.  Gasping did nothing, seemed to bring not a single breath to his lungs, making them ache, crying out for air.
However, what made him even more curious as to where the detective had gotten to, was the fact that his experiment had nothing to do with their current case. The trail of the culprits who had stolen an illegally housed mammoth skull from a wealthy private collector, no doubt to sell it to a proper museum, had gone cold the night before. This infuriated the detective. When he was vexed like this the irritable man would rant and rave and even give out the odd curse—under his breath—and then usually settle down on the couch or roost in his chair, speckled with nicotine patches.
John’s own hips jerked at the man’s compliance, desire coiling inside. He closed the last few inches between them and kissed the man long and deep, their lips parting to duel. He nipped at the detective’s bottom lip, drawing it into his mouth to suck gently before breaking away to kiss a trail along the man’s smooth jaw. His hands traced along the muscle formations at the younger man’s waist and sides, slowly drawing up until they found small, hard nipples.
John laughed hysterically.  He even raised his fists in the air and whooped, until his saviour stepped inside and closed the door.  The doctor was confused.  It was certainly wasn’t Sherlock or Lestrade.
Louis’s lips pursed, as he considered these honest words for a moment.  “I should and yet never have or ever do.” He admitted openly, with a heavy sigh.  “I am blind when it comes to him.  I neither hate him nor truly love him.”
John was paying the cabbie, as Sherlock went right to work inside the establishment.  There were few patrons left, one of the barista’s giving them an exhausted and bored grimace, as the detective came through the door.  Sherlock started with the pink dread-locked female behind the bar, barking orders at her emo co-worker (the exhausted and bored male) that was wiping tables with a less than lack lustre enthusiasm.  Both of them, although interesting individuals in themselves, were nothing like what he was searching for. They stood out.  Agents of a secret faction of an underground community would be more normal, less noticeable.
“John missin’ ain’t the only thing rockin’ the Yard right now either.” Came Lestrade’s quiet voice, full of his own palpable frustration and despair.  “There’s been a beastly penthouse massacre.  Most of the boys sent up lost their lunches tryin’ to sift through the parts.  Morgue is have’n a hell of a time putting the poor bastards back together.  An’ worse yet I’ve got the damned press chompin’ at the bit to get a peek.  Bloody mess is what it is.  Not fit for people to be readin’ about in the damn papers.”
Rubbing a hand over his face he held a deep breath for a moment. Looking at his foot he became fairly certain that had jolted awake from the dead sleep for a moment before descending back into the abyss and didn't recall any further dreams. It was weird. Then again, everything was weird. He was a vampire, Mycroft was part of an ancient boogyman watching society, Moriarty was some sort of crazy powerful wizard or something, and he and Sherlock were... well, currently trying not to get blown up. So much for just wanting to find out what had happened to Mary. Though, he knew he was being somewhat dishonest with himself when he needed to try to convince himself that it was the only reason for his return.
With his stray hand he ran an finger absently down the right armrest of the plush micro-fiber chair, incredibly soft fibers slipping like silk on satin as the pale digit stoked the ‘house warming gift' that had arrived without question or warning. There was no doubt that the other would take exception to anything other than gratitude. Louis folded the newspaper and placed it on the side table, listening as the door from the street opened and the obvious sound of Mrs. Hudson entered. The rustle and heavy foot fall of a woman burdened with grocery bags who was fighting to get the door closed behind her. This was emphasized by the soft curses under her breath, only audible through the walls that separated them because of the vampirical gifts he possessed.
The immortal for all his strength and power found himself doing exactly as the elderly woman beckoned, finding that being sat at the tiny table inside the small kitchen quite endearing.  The woman talked busily all the while she went about boiling the water and prepping the teapot.  The vampire’s acute smell caught the distinct aroma of the Earl Grey mix that Mrs. Hudson added to the pot before she announced what she had chosen and set the china pot between them on the table top.
Ice blue eyes ribbed with striations of cobalt met the coffee and amber tones and David’s own and he was unsure what he saw flash behind his makers gaze. Lestat shifted his weight to one side and snorted, tossing his head. “I am always being punished it seems.”
After an hour or two of accomplished work the detective felt his mobile vibrate against his thigh, through the satin fabric of the house coat.  He nearly fumbled the damned thing trying to get it out of his pocket, knocking over a stacks of dirty dishes intermixed with beakers and test tubes that crashed loudly into the sink of the kitchen.  It had only vibrated once—a text alert—and on the illuminated screen the detective could make out a grainy picture of what looked like two men.  It was from a mobile number that the man did not recognize.
“It was a targeted killing.  If the Talmasca has no need for interference than why kill her?” Mycroft questioned.
Mycroft averted his eyes, seemingly somewhat affected by the genuine display of his broken sibling opposite him.  An annoyed hand came up and rubbed at his brow, combing back over his slowly receding hairline, as a heavy sigh wheezed through his grit teeth.  “Your emotions are wreaking havoc on your skills, brother mine.”  That bleak gaze snapped back, patronizing and sympathetic all the same.  “You’ve over looked the simplest and yet most interesting piece of the puzzle.”
“Do you even know what that word means, Lestat?” The remark earned him a sharp glare from the blond.
Once they were in the living room, John motioned for Sherlock to stay—very much like a pet owner might order a dog—and then he disappeared.  His body vanished in the blue of movement that Sherlock was beginning to associate with the vampirical.  It was like watching a painter smudge paint across the canvas.  For once John had forgotten to slow his natural speed.  It was fascinating to note that all the vampires seemed to be wound tighter than the mortal bodies that they had come from, as if on a molecular level they defied the rules of time and space, adhering to an entirely new set devised just for them. Why else would Lestat have been so irked by the Moriarty had fought back?  It was as though the two of them were on the same level.  Perhaps Moriarty was even more powerful.
David stepped forward, slightly between them, raising his hands in a placating manner, as he explained, “That being as it is, we know that the two of them are returning to London soon, if they have not already.”
Although he had been bitten several times by Lestat, John’s mouth was far more erotic. The connection with this vampire was pure ecstasy. He could feel John holding him as he drank, slowly, and the detective hardened in response as his lover’s erection pressed against him. Their minds combined completely, thought, memory, and knowledge all focusing on their mutual pleasure of this experience. Being connected in this fashion was more intimate than the throughs of any physical sexual experience either of them had encountered and when they separated, too early and unfinished, they both felt a great swelling of regret and lurid lust.
“Blatant.” Mycroft answered, with a soft cheeky smile.
John gasped, the action both painful and somehow not and he froze again, his inner muscles clenching tightly at the intrusion. He felt Sherlock drop his head to his spine, his breath faster now than a moment ago, cooling the sweat that was beginning to form on the doctor's skin. “John, I need you to relax,” His words were tightly controlled, with just a hint of strain.
John had tried not to think about what that man had expected him to sit through but now it was fresh and real and tangible, something to occupy his mind.  He allowed the thoughts to come and for the first time he tried to rationalize his own actions.  Why had he sat in there with him?  He could have turned around and walked out, back to Mary, back to his sanity.  Instead he had tried to resist temptation.  Awful, excruciating, painful temptation.  Sherlock knew how to set the scene.  The damned evil genius had chosen to languish in the bath tub on purpose, knowing that John would have a hard time refusing a gander at that white marblesque form of his, all long and lithe, sprawled in the claw foot tub that he had no hope of fitting.  The doctor had tried to stare at anything and everything that was not Sherlock Holmes.  He had failed miserably.
"And I you, Louis. I will see you on the morrow." Armand had ended the call and Louis slipped the small device from beside his ear as the screen went black. Taking another deep inhale he steeled himself to make the last of the arrangements needed for his plan.
There was a brief moment where their eyes met, both men unrelenting, when finally, the detective moved to strengthen his argument by making some other point.  The vampire cut him off.  “Okay then,” he said, moving towards the bed, his eyes anywhere but on the brunet.  He shed his own clothing out of habit, sliding through the thick drapery into the darkened confines of the bed.  His bare skin was met with silken sheets as he pulled the blankets over him, once more a human trait that he was having trouble breaking.
His mind palace always had and always would be transformable.  It was a mental place that he could create to any specifications or desires, whether for studious purposes or pleasurable.  He could create wherever, whenever, and whatever scenario he needed to complete any task that he set before himself.  It was one of the very useful aspects of such a mental methodology.
One woman’s steps had slowed as she neared, eyes traveling quickly over his form. A half moment of hesitation before she stopped and settled herself in the seat directly across from him, attempting to provocatively catch his attention through body language alone. Louis hadn’t the time to care, he fancied young women less than he fancied any relationship at all, and so he adjusted the newspaper to block her from his peripheral vision. The paper was interesting, at least to the immortal, who tried to keep up on what was happening in the world in order to keep himself grounded within it. A certain set of current events had prompted this bit of traveling—finally something that he was interested in seeing and experiencing for himself.
"Buon giorno, signore," the receptionist said with a slight nod as he faced the older man. He smiled friendly as always and wanted to start a conversation, but Mycroft asked him first.
Mycroft was also slowly losing patience. "I don't want to take your property, as you probably think of him." Sherlock's surprised look was contagious because he too was surprised by his own words. He fell silent, staring at his brother's shocked face. He had no idea how long it was before he could utter his voice again. He only managed to clear his throat and blink several times.
He heard a crunch. His gaze drifted to where the disturbing noise had come from. He waited a long time for the figure to emerge from the shadows. And he finally saw it. He lowered his gaze as a small shape ran under the wall of the building. It took a moment to realize what he was looking at.
"If we don't take a break, we will die here anytime." Lucy once again said what each of them thought. "Let's take a rest".
"Thank God," he muttered softly.
"He's just a lost man, doctor," the man added in a strangely gentle tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We secured every item that lay next to the bodies," Lestrade looked at the evidence on the table. "Watson, I think these are your things too...".
John stood in the middle of the room and looked around. He was not surprised that Mycroft did not choose this apartment. It did not suit his seriousness and elegance. For some reason, he could not imagine him surrounded by blue, green or purple colors. He imagined him surrounded by dark brown furniture, a downy red carpet, a yellow-orange lamplight, with a golden pen in his hand and a glass of whiskey next to his mouth. Sherlock had a slightly different style. Cold colors suited him more. Blue, silver, purple and black. These were his colors.
Sherlock believed that this was due to what he said and how it worked on his imagination, not the cool wind that was blowing unbelievably hard now. The first drops of rain left marks on their faces. Fortunately, one street separated them from their flat. They ran the rest of the way. They went inside, slammed the door and dropped their backs against the hall wall. Sherlock immediately remembered the day when it all began. The moment they stood tired but amused after their first adventure was the perfect copy of the present moment. With the difference that now they had a stronger bond and feelings. Feeling of love. Sherlock stared into his friend's eyes, still unable to believe what his life would be like now. He slowly changed position, standing in front of John and slightly pressing him against the wall. He stared at him for so long that the doctor couldn't stand it, grabbed his coat collar and pulled him down for a kiss. Their first, passionate and a little awkward kiss.
"For God's sake! Could you please..."
Mycroft did not move. He didn't say a word, only the quick breaths were proof that he was alive. He was looking at the doctor who was approaching him. John leaned over the table and turned on the lamp. Mycroft finally understood that it wasn't the crazy dream of a tired man. John's face was full of self-control, confidence and a bit of excitement. When he pulled the keys from his pocket, hung them on his finger, and moved them, Mycroft already knew that what he really wanted in life was right in front of him. A small, smug man, he thought of more than one night. He wanted to approach John, put his arms around him, and then take him to the bedroom and spend there the rest of the night with him.
"There are two distinct cuts on the left side of the spine ..."
"Laudanum?", he asked with surprise. He couldn't remember its taste in the brandy he was drinking in the carriage. "Why did he give me soporific medicines and bring me here?"
