"Hey, I made my own element. One of these days, I'll even name it. Maybe Starkonium," Tony muttered, poring over some diagrams. He sighed and raked a hand through his hair. "And, you know, enough monkeys, enough typewriters, enough time... but time's the thing."
"No," Bucky replied, easing back into bed. "I'll be okay." Miraculously, he could already feel the injection working its way through his system. "Just... need.... some sleep... that's all." His eyes growing heavier with each passing second, Bucky exhaled deeply as darkness welcomed him into its embrace. In what seemed like no time at all, he had drifted off into a restful slumber.
Logan retracted his claws, looking amused. "Remember that," he warned before heading back to his room.
"Yeah, knowing what your partner wants in bed is hell," she replied dryly. She'd never had much shame when it came to sex. The last time she checked neither did Clint. "He is older," Natasha allowed, "but you're older than me, and I haven't kicked you out of bed yet." She was pleased that while Clint wasn’t jumping blindly on the bandwagon, he really was analyzing the idea. That was a better sign than acceptance or rejection from Clint. "Experience can be a turn on. Especially when the guy is hung like a horse."
"As I'll ever be," Coulson agreed. He'd grabbed the shirt as a joke, but as he'd gotten dressed, it had started seeming maybe a little stupid. He'd gone from internally amused to intimidated and made a quick pass around trying to grab something else and change before he embraced the situation. Thankfully Clint had taken it in the spirit in which it was intended. There was no sense in grabbing Lola as much as he liked the idea of taking her out. Instead Phil settled for strolling side by side next to Clint, hands shoved in his pockets, enjoying the nice day. He'd ditched his contacts and pulled his glasses from his back pocket as they approached the theater. "Sorry, I know they're not exactly fashion forward, but considering how little sleep I've gotten, dry eyes are not my friend."
"Yeah, it does," Scott agreed from the backseat. True to Clint's promise, it looked relatively low key but still sleek and new enough to have a decent crowd and a bit of activity. In other words, if they got tipsy enough to want to dance, they wouldn't look crazy.
"Remind me to never, ever get on her bad side. She may not be a mutant, but I'm pretty sure she still has scary mind powers," Scott whispered to Logan as he watched Clint and Coulson together.
"It's fine. I mean, there's a guy in Iowa that has, like, a cellphone implanted in his arm or something," Tony pointed out as the plane lifted off.
"I think that’s a fair request," Scott agreed. He smiled as another realization rolled over him. "This is pretty much my favorite date ever." With Jean he'd always felt like he was trying to play a very specific role and failing more often than not. With Logan he felt at ease.
Clint hooked his arms under the billionaire's armpits as he sagged, gently easing him to the ground. He took Tony's pulse, then cut away the torn fabric, revealing the injuries on Tony's already-well-scarred abdomen. The archer produced some paper-thin bandages from nowhere and pressed them to the wounds, starting some kind of chemical reaction that fused them to the man's skin. He looked up at Steve. "Stopped the bleeding. He'll be fine, but he could use a doc. And maybe some blood." It was easier to focus on what needed to be done at the moment. Every time he thought of Nat, he felt useless.
"That's really not any fun," Steve complained. Still he reluctantly pulled away. "Okay, go. Get yourself some breakfast and get back to work. Bruce deserves some good coffee for giving us extra time." //Especially after yesterday.// That went unsaid mostly because Steve didn't want to choose that moment to start a fight. He just wanted to enjoy his last couple seconds with Tony before the man schlepped off to the lab for the day and possibly longer. They'd used up their Get Out of Jail Free card, and he knew it. "I'll maybe stop in later if you guys aren't too busy." He didn't want to be a distraction, and it wouldn't be fair to sit around taking up space and focus when he couldn't contribute anything to the process except a lot of concerns.
//He isn't lying,// Jean commented silently to Xavier, her arms crossed over her chest, //but he isn't telling the whole truth either.//
The wounds weren't terrible. He'd had worse. But Tony hadn't experienced anything capable of going through the suit like it was barely even there. Fortunately, the nanomachines had closed up the holes in his helmet the minute the claws were gone. Unfortunately, it did nothing for the holes in him.// I'll have to look into fixing that... if I get the chance.// Thrusters fired wildly as Tony tried to get some sort of advantage, but the claws buried inch-deep in his sides made moving seem like a terrible idea. "Lil' help, Cap?" he rasped as the claws started to saw slowly through him and the armor. He managed to elbow his attacker in the head, but it sounded more like his elbow had collided with a car than a person. //What the hell is this guy made of? What is he, period?//
Scott considered and shrugged, "Beer." When Logan looked at him like he'd sprouted a second head, he shrugged, "When in Rome. Anyway, I think I've earned some breakfast hour binging considering." He was honestly hoping that the shit he'd been through meant he'd exhausted the whole of his bad karma for the year. "Y'know how I know I did the right thing leaving? When Coulson talked about somebody checking in from the mansion, he said it was the professor."
Steve arched an eyebrow. “I’m going to try really hard not to be offended, but it almost seems like you just came close to implying that I would ever be ‘most people.” He stared hard at the other man and then gave Bucky’s hand a squeeze, his expression fading into a broad, warm smile. “I’m here for you, and I’m not the only one.” Now that he understood the reticence of the rest of the Avengers to even attempt to know Bucky, Steve wondered whether it was a wall they’d ever be able to climb. He wanted his best friend back. They wanted to punish the man who’d hurt Tony. Steve couldn’t say that he didn’t want that too, he just knew, knew to the very bottom of his heart, that Bucy wasn’t responsible. He was a victim too. “Give it time.”
Badly as Coulson wanted to protest, he didn't, just took the bottle and slipped it into an inner pocket on his suit coat. "Thank you. Is it okay if we head out? No offense to the lab, but it isn't what I'd call restful."
Bucky's blind rage gradually faded. When his senses returned, he blinked as if waking from a dream. Instead of being seated at the table, he was on his feet. Agent Coulson stood right across from him, aiming a weapon at him. //What the hell...?// Bucky raised his hands in the universal sign of surrender. "Hey, look... I don't know what just happened, but I'm not going to give you any trouble." No sooner had he gotten the words out of his mouth than Bucky was hit by another migraine. He squeezed his eyes shut and held his head in his hands. The pain crippled to him to the point where he fell to his knees.
“It's one of your most charming qualities," Phil answered. He couldn't keep from grinning at Clint as they walked. He felt stupidly young and happy and honestly satisfied. The coffee shop was a hole in the wall - it literally occupied the space between two stores and was long, narrow, and had only a wall of stools and a bar as a place to sit, save for a single table at the front window. Phil let Clint order, then got a decaf herbal tea for himself before grabbing both and carrying them over to the front table. "It's a nice place to watch the city without being part of it for a few minutes."
"Tony!" Steve knew that screaming into everyone's comm wasn't helping. "Tony, please, I love you, please..." He felt someone take his microphone and dimly registered a lanky form at his side and a hand on his shoulder. It was done. He knew without having to be told, and he found himself entirely unable to hold back the enormity of the moment. It was too much to handle, and he sat in the chair, face blank.
"So are you. Actually, I was thinking I should put out some kind of press release. Maybe it'll take the heat off of me when the press hears that the great and powerful Tony Stark cuddles." Steve grinned and grabbed some shampoo to return the favor washing Tony's hair. He was more excited about the sleep and cuddling than the getting clean, but they both definitely needed the shower. "Love your hair. I like it first thing in the morning, no gel or anything, just you. Always feels so good."
Logan smirked, thinking back to when Steve and Tony had found him in his hiding place in Japan. "Yeah, he's almost gotten worse than that. A lot worse," he said, feeling faintly satisfied at the memory of the look of terror on the abrasive billionaire's face.
Tony swallowed hard, wondering if he was doing the right thing in encouraging Loki to stay. He was pretty sure Loki didn't need to be rejected yet again, and he was also wondering if Clint and Phil would be able to even tolerate the god's presence in the tower. He leaned against Steve, wishing desperately that they could slip away and have some private time together to reassure one another that they were both real and alive and healthy.
"Better than that," Steve agreed. He kissed Tony with all the love and desire he felt in that moment. "I really, really do love you." He loved a lot more than the fact that Tony was a spectacular lay, but it didn't exactly hurt his affections. Steve breathed deeply to remind himself to take in enough oxygen to keep his body functioning. "Lay down. We'll shower in a little bit, but right now, I want to take advantage of the fact that I can use you as a pillow without you losing all feeling in your extremities for once."
"Fuck, that's it. Take it, you little bitch," Clint growled against Darien's throat. He rested his head against the other man's shoulder, falling silent save for his panting breaths. Eventually pushing himself back up on his hands, he locked gazes once again with his partner, starting to thrust harder and faster. He was soon moaning with every movement, savoring every shift and sound that Darien made as he pounded the other man into the floor. He came with a growl and a curse, biting hard into Darien's shoulder.
In the meantime, Logan had no doubts to match Stark's. The shift in Steve's scent, the little skip in his pulse, the slight change in his posture: one of it escaped Logan's animal keen senses. The feral mutant knew now that he'd get what he wanted, and the animal side of him couldn't have been more content or confident. The idea of a chance at fucking someone who was his equal was an exciting and uncommon prospect, and he fully intended to take the opportunity. Logan let his fingers slip further between Steve's buttocks, slowly stroking at the man's opening.
Natasha allowed herself a soft laugh and drew back, searching Clint's face. "That okay by you?"
It took a few more shaky minutes to build back up again. Steve was eternally grateful for the fact because he loved the feeling of Tony driving him toward the brink of absolute insanity. He whimpered and forced himself back and then forward, cock twitching in Tony's hand. He let out breathless moans with every punishing thrust. The head of Tony's swollen cock massaged him from the inside until Steve could barely do more than hold on for the ride. Soon he felt his whole body tense before exploding in one of the most satisfying climaxes he'd experienced  in his life. Steve knew he murmured Tony's name, but otherwise the roaring of his own heartbeat in his ears covered any sound.
Bruce nodded, well aware of Jemma's reservations about being left with no protection from Clint. He looked over the man's vitals. "You seem alright. Just really stressed. You could frankly use an anti-anxiety drug. Nothing to knock you out. Just calm you down," he suggested gently.
Tony nodded, relishing the way Steve settled perfectly against his body. "These are definitely ones we need more of. You know what else I liked, though? The idea that you were right there with me in the lab today, working away at that sketchbook." He knew that Steve had been trying to hang on to every moment, every angle. It didn't take an art aficionado to see the feeling in the man's sketches. Tony leaned in, pressing his lips to the corner of Steve's jaw, then working softly over to his lips and pressing their mouths together, enjoying the taste of the wine mixed with his lover. "I like having you close."
Clint glanced at the blindfold, then the agent, wondering just when Fury had commissioned it and how many of the low level agents had any clue what Scott could do. Deciding it didn't matter, Clint held it open and approached Scott. "Just... hold still." He wanted to apologize to the man, beg for forgiveness, but it seemed a little inappropriate.
Logan raised an eyebrow. "Now you wanna get drunk, huh? Well, I think I got enough beer t' facilitate. If not, I'll steal whatever Stark's got layin' around," he said, though he had to admit to being rather surprised by Scott's sudden interest in getting wasted. //Then again, can't say I blame 'im...// "Far as I know, no one's told me to do anything. I'm gonna assume that extends to you, too." He gestured for Scott to follow him. "C'mon, I keep my stash in the fridge in the common room."
"Jarvis, we're going to have to talk about you stealing my thunder," Bruce said, still grinning ear to ear as the AI acknowledged him with a tacit "of course, sir." Pleased that the good news was enough to cure even Fitz's sour puss, Bruce looked the data over, eyebrows raised. "That's amazing." He clapped both of them on the back with a big grin. "He's not gonna be thrilled to have his ass saved by a couple of rookies, but... well, you two saved his life. That's pretty damned amazing," he repeated.
Director Nicholas J. Fury didn't often look surprised. There were people in SHIELD who claimed he wasn't capable of it. In reality, he just usually had the intel before anyone else. Hearing that Tony had actually defended Loki from the Avengers, even verbally, was enough to leave the Director looking earnestly shocked. He glanced at Steve. "And you're sure it's him?" Getting a nod, he looked back to Tony. "Okay, I need to hear this one, Stark."
"Barton, when was the last time you saw Stark do anything I wanted him to?"
Bruce managed the faintest and most strained of smiles. "Done it before."
NO NUDE SUSHI. GOT IT.
"Shit..."
Clint smirked at Darien's flustered response. Coulson had a way of turning up whenever it was most awkward. It was one of the Agent's charms. "Darien's pretty good at the whole coffee thing. I think I'll try him at making sandwiches next." He made a show of looking at Darien's feet. "Might have to get rid of those shoes, first, though."
"Two beds," Steve explained, nodding toward the California king beds on the other side of the room's divider. "Honestly it's probably enough room to have shared with Tony, but he snores when he's drunk." After all the time he'd spent in one barracks or another, Steve was happy to have his own space sometimes. "Not to mention that I don't want to be in the way if he has a hangover tomorrow. As for the nightmares, I'll lay low. Up to your discretion if you wake me." He didn't have them as much anymore, but his first few nights out of the ice, Steve had woken up drenched in sweat and unable to get warm no matter how many blankets he wrapped around himself or how many scalding showers he took. Coulson still gently tried to insist that he speak to someone about the dreams, but it was bad enough having them to start with. "I'm gonna turn in, but don't worry about waking me if you aren't ready to knock off for the night. I'm a pretty heavy sleeper," Steve assured as he fished some pajamas of a markedly old-fashioned design out of his suitcase.
"We find a way to kill him," Natasha said bluntly. "We've been using kid gloves, playing politics with Asgard, which is fine when Thor is with us, but if he is with us, he's got a strange way of showing it. I don't remember him showing up when his psychotic brother was running his fingers through my gray matter."
Logan finally managed to catch his breath and drew away, admiring the bruises already forming on Scott's skin. In the back of his mind, he knew he shouldn't have been enjoying them that much. But the marks made Scott his. The feral mutant sagged to the bed beside his lover, then grabbed Scott by the hair and jerked him into a bruising kiss.
“You worry too much," she answered, smiling just the same. It hurt to know that she couldn't offer all that he truly needed. "I'll always come back." As badly as she wanted to lose herself in the comfort Clint offered, it wasn't the time. "We should check on Steve. Stark looked bad. Coulson may need help keeping him from killing the medical staff."
"I've never had one, but I'm gonna guess that hangovers might not be too helpful where we're goin," Logan pointed out.
Steve let out a long, slow breath. Tony had been trying to shut Fury up, but the truth was that he had a point. Tony doing lewd things in public was nothing new. Fury was mad at him. For once he'd let himself relax and have some fun without thinking about anyone's image - including his own - and it hadn't even taken a whole night for it to bite him in the ass. He supposed that for Fury and a lot of other people, his sexual orientation was a foregone conclusion. Captain America had to be straight. Steve rubbed his forehead as if it might ease away the growing sense of disappointment that the whole incident was even considered an incident. "If it had been Natasha, he wouldn't have called, would he?"
"I'd offer you one for the road but you'd puke it up. You might want to reconsider calling Darien. I learned a great many years ago in the most embarrassing way possible that there's a fine line between fun drunk and performance inhibiting drunk." Phil patted Clint's shoulder. "You, my friend, are the latter. Let's get you back to your room for some sleep before you have to wake up and start enjoying your hangover."
Logan nodded. He wasn't exactly the person to go to for dealing with things in a healthy manner. Still, he could certainly relate. "You don't haveta be normal 'til you're ready to. Promise." He gave Scott a faint smile, running a hand through the man's hair. "Listen, I know we kinda dove in head first on... everything, so it's in your court now. I'm lettin' you set the pace." He leaned in for a light kiss, then smirked a little. "Mostly, anyway. But I just want ya to know that I ain't expectin' more 'n you feel like givin'."
Scott's eyebrows shot up for a second, but he let Logan retreat once he realized what he'd said. In truth he wasn't bothered by the comment, and Scott wondered if that was a sign that he was experiencing some sort of mental break. Otherwise he probably would have been furious or annoyed or creeped out. //Right?// "Soon. Just not yet," he allowed after a moment to think it over. "I guess I should want to charge in and work to get it all out of my head, but right now... You know, I've never really just done nothing. Not since my mutation. I got recruited by the professor, I went to Westchester, and I've been working. Always working on something. Now I don't know what I want to work toward. It's time to be still."
"You know, I really like the way you think sometimes," Phil answered with an easy smile. He finished off the last of the Snickers and held his hands up. "Okay, I'm going to regret this already. If I have another bite or two, I'm going to regret it for more than one day." Considering they could be called in at any minute, Phil knew they had to keep at least some boundaries in place for their own safety and sanity. The hard wooden bench was intensely uncomfortable. It also happened to be perfect when it meant sitting next to Clint. He rested his chin on one palm and enjoyed the serenity of watching.
Steve was actually relieved to find Clint there was well. He hesitated at Darien. "I don't think we've officially met." He held out a hand. "Steve Rogers."
Loki let out a sound best described as a purr of pleasure. His hips undulated sinuously against Tony. He was determined to put the man in mind very clearly of the skills he would bring to bear on the action to come. "Much better," he agreed with a lingering kiss to punctuate the praise. By the end, Loki wondered if he could succeed in making the man forget his ties to his fellow Avengers for a few moments. //Perhaps tomorrow I'll tell him that he has no reason to do this other than his own desires.// The god smiled at the thought and licked a long stripe along Stark's throat. "You're gorgeous when you give yourself to me."
Coulson looked genuinely stricken for a moment. "She... she told- NATASHA!"
Clint laughed around the mouthful of food, but had the decency to swallow it before he replied, "Hey, as long as you're only easy for me, we're just fine." He winked playfully. "Besides, it can be our secret. And besides," he took another chunk of funnel cake, giving Phil a look that would have been more suited to a pinup model's attempt at 'innocent', "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Scott raised his eyebrows but didn't bother commenting. "I think I can follow that rule pretty easily." Scott enjoyed PDA, but only when it came to romantic gestures. Sex was a behind closed doors activity so far as he was concerned, and the threat of getting caught wasn't a turn on, it was something that made his hands sweat and his eye twitch. Scott slid his hand across the table to grasp Logan's firmly. They got a couple of looks from big bruiser types, but none of those bruisers looked like they really wanted to start something with Logan. "I never considered it before, but I guess if I'm going to go into bars and hold my boyfriend's hand, there are some pretty sizable advantages to having a boyfriend who looks like he could break most of the guys in the bar in half."
It wasn't artfully put, but it was succinct. Steve nodded his agreement with the sentiment. "When it comes to Loki, he could be up to just about anything. It could be plain old head games, or he could be working with somebody else. Until he shows up, we don't know. We need to be ready for anything, and considering everything you've done, it seems like you're ready for just that."
"Jarvis is programmed to be more human so people are more comfortable interacting with him," Tony explained. "And, y'know, I need someone who I can irritate without driving them away forever."
Clint relished the stabbing pain of Darien's nails digging into his shoulders, the primal cries of the other man's climax. He hadn't given Darien permission to cum, but Clint couldn't bring himself to care. He gave a few last, shallow thrusts before unceremoniously drawing away. He sagged back against the nearby armchair, still panting softly. He watched Darien silently for several moments, taking in the other man's debauched state, and he smiled. "You were good," he rumbled, standing. He took off his archer's glove and arm guard, then stripped off his armored vest and pants. He'd get the blood off of them later. "I'm gonna shower. You?"
Having just started to relax, Clint tensed again as he looked up to see a pair of odd-looking people approaching from the other plane. "What the hell is that?"
"I didn't bite you, you oversold lunatic," Logan grunted, grabbing a pair of Steve's jeans and pulling them on. They were a little long and unpleasantly stiff, but they worked fine as soon as Logan got the legs rolled up a little. He added his own tank top to the ensemble and shuffled down the hallway. "Just make sure ya don't forget to zip up." In the kitchenette, Logan settled on one of the barstools and shook his head. "Hadn't bet on gettin' cuddled as part o' the deal. You guys always this friendly at SHIELD?"
It had taken a lot of convincing to get Fury to release the hammer to Clint's possession, but a lot less than anyone had honestly expected. Fury was obviously just as pissed as the rest of them.
Mystique snorted at the boys trying to keep Victor at bay. "He's like a rabid house cat when he's like this. They're not going to have an easy time of it." She tilted her head, yellow eyes taking Bruce's measure and reading his obvious struggle. "You can help them if you like. I really didn't mean to wake the beast, but I'm curious to see what you can do. What do you say, Mr. Banner? Shall we let the Hulk attend the party?"
Knowing it wouldn't make it easier to wait, Coulson took a moment to divorce himself from it all. He related the rest in a flat tone free of emotion. Fury received the information without batting an eyelash. He stared straight at Coulson and never even blinked. By the time he finished, Phil was clutching Clint's hand tight. It took longer than he would have liked to get the muscles to unclench.
Loki smiled, feeling the first hint of amusement he had since things went so wrong at the SHIELD base. "I do love the way that you think, Victor. Don't worry, you won't miss a moment of the action. I may even give you a bit of play time all your own for helping me so much." The god drew himself up to full height and ignored the aching of his ribs. "We aren't done with the Avengers yet."
The question was drowned out by a roar of chatter and questions and camera flashes as Tony dragged Steve into another kiss. He was pretty sure that if Steve didn't strangle him for it, Fury would later, but he was already bored and annoyed by the press. All things considered, it was probably the most preferable course of action he could take with his mouth. Most other options involved telling the press to fuck off or something even more embarrassing for SHIELD.
Steve retrieved his shield and impulsively threw it at Loki, who was getting closer than was comfortable to Clint. Coulson had thrown aside his borrowed gun, and Steve suspected the long, improper storage had done nothing for whatever it ran on. The distraction proved exactly as ineffectual as he'd suspected. It took little more than a gesture for Loki to send the shield careening off into the shelves instead, but at least he looked away from Phil and Clint and over to him. "Miss me?"
Clint leaned in to Phil's touch, eyes closing for a moment. It was a little frightening, knowing he meant so much to Phil. The idea that he might one day slip up and get killed on a mission didn't scare him; the idea of hurting someone he cared for so badly was utterly terrifying. His gaze flicked up. "That was a year ago," he murmured, his hand reaching up to cover the back of Phil's as he turned his head to press a kiss to the palm. He smiled gently, "How long have you worried about me like this?" He wasn't sure what to think. It was intimidating to know someone cared so deeply for him. He hadn't had a family to speak of growing up, and knowing that someone cared about him above and beyond simple friendship or as a teammate was completely foreign to him.
"You should try his margaritas," Hank chimed in jovially, still casually searching through all the bits and bobs. "Agent Coulson, you should probably talk to SHIELD about their cataloging system. Rather messy."
"Well, your ass is getting some mileage on it, and I'm thinking I should probably let you have a rest, so..." Clint shoved his partner to the floor and pushed his pants down far enough to expose himself. "I think you can guess what the next step is..."
Not above a little begging when it got what he wanted, Tony had already taken a breath to do just that when Steve's hand slid over his aching length. The blonde's voice, raspy with arousal, combined with his touch, served to drive that breath from Tony's lungs in a long, low moan. "Ohfuckyes," he breathed, one hand clutching at Steve's shoulder as he arched into the contact. The sting of the marks Logan had left on him were easily forgotten with the rush of sensation. Tony bit back the urge to tell Steve how much he'd needed this. He didn't want to see what effect that might have with Logan present. Instead, he leaned in and nuzzled Steve's throat, pressing a few kisses and bucking his hips against the man's hand in a silent plea.
Logan huffed quietly as Scott put the brakes on, frustrated on a few different levels. Sober, Scott was a hell of a kisser. The contact had made Logan want to throw aside what little facade of civility he was holding onto and bend Scott over the kitchen table. The man's hands on his hips felt like they were burning holes through Logan's jeans, resting teasingly close to far more intimate areas. //Hey, he's not the one that shut things down last night,// Logan reminded himself as he leaned in, nuzzling Scott's neck and nipping at the man's stubbly chin, his hands coming to rest on Scott's waist and pulling him closer. "This makin' me wait is payback, ain't it?" he asked gruffly, though there was a hint of amusement in his eyes.
Fury waited until he stopped to speak again. "You'll both need psych clearance before I can let you out there again." He looked down pointedly at their hands. "You need the time."
Clint got the car parked and secured, then edged over toward Nat. He kept his hands in his pockets but made a point to stay close nonetheless.
Clint felt the blood leave his face. "What?" he asked, feeling a stab of horror. As Scott turned toward him, he searched the man's face. Scott looked... different somehow. "That... it wasn't you," he realized, feeling his stomach clench. For a beat Clint was sure he was going to vomit. He swallowed hard against the impulse. "Oh, god." //Focus. Stay focused. Get him somewhere safe. For everyone.// "Yeah, alright. Get dressed," he said, darting to the bathroom. He hastily wiped up and zipped his pants. Grabbing a towel, he wet it down and tossed it to Scott. Clint managed to keep his calm exterior, but internally he was wondering at himself. If Scott was compromised, Clint couldn't help but feel like he'd just raped the man. //Just... I can talk this through with a shrink later. Right now... Need to get him contained.// "Look, just don't try to blow me up when I take you downstairs. I can't pull the same trick I did with Logan." Mentioning the man's name made Clint even more nervous, and he tried not to think about it while he waited for Scott to pull himself together.
An intercom by the door buzzed to life. "The feed is live. Proceed."
Tony felt himself beginning to crack. The pressure of keeping everything bottled up inside demanded to be released. Despite Tony's best efforts to the contrary, the words spilled forth, breaking through the emotional dam like an onrush of water. "Okay, we'll talk," he agreed, his shoulder shuddering beneath Steve's touch. "What topic should we tackle first? How I was kidnapped? That's a good one. Or how I screamed out your name when your buddy was fucking me? Because that's what I did. That's what I wanted... for it to be you."
"Yeah. Got anything I should say?"
"Yeah, that would probably be a good idea." Clint could not even begin to imagine how awkward it might be involving Stark. Then again, if anyone was going to replace a high-tech prosthetic arm, there was no one better to oversee it than Tony. "You could *try* asking Stark, I suppose," he suggested guardedly. "Who knows? He might say yes for Steve's sake." It was the very definition of a long shot, but Clint had seen crazier shit happen.
Clint took a few more bites of the funnel cake, then belched quietly. "Damn. That thing was huge. More like a deep-fried hubcap than a cake," he decided, though he still looked pretty pleased as he finished the last bite of potatoes. He grinned, still working his way through the beer, though he was obviously done with the food. "So, now what? More necking under a tree, or is this where I talk you into getting a little red, white and blue shield tattooed on your ass?"
Logan wasted no more time, quickly plunging into Steve's tight heat once again. His hand clamped tight on Steve's hip as he used the leverage to bury himself fully in that tight, clenching tract.
Though he hadn't yet decided whether it was real or his own imagination, Steve felt like breathing was easier, at least on a physical level. He was fairly certain his face looked more fleshed out, his pants were a bit more snug. Then again, he still looked like a zombie, too pale and with deep circles under his eyes, but he doubted the serum could help one way or another with that. He sat ramrod straight in his own seat and kept his gaze on the table. Just being there was enough to make him feel panicked because Tony wasn't. Jarvis had asked him to come down to the lab after the briefing. Not the main lab, not the lab that SHIELD shared. Tony's lab. He swallowed hard and tried not to think about it. Jarvis wouldn't ask if there wasn't something big, but he still didn't want to go.
"Okay, for you I can try." Bucky averted his gaze. The close proximity made him want to kiss Steve, and he knew that would lead to disappointment. Instead he concentrated on the situation and the cause of his distrust. "It's weird, but I keep getting this feeling someone's gonna lock me in a room and do all kinds of experiments." He sighed deeply, then went on, "I mean, Coulson already thinks words are triggering my... attacks. What if they start to poke and prod me to see what makes me jump?" Bucky gripped Steve's hand tighter. "I don't think I could live through that."
Clint nipped at the other man's jaw. The back of his mind screamed at him that there was no reasonable way Scott would have known that, but with Scott's lean-muscled form pressed eagerly against his own, Clint wasn't interested in what seemed like minor details. Stepping back, Clint unfastened his quiver and dropped it on the counter. He didn't bother shedding anything else as he fisted his hand in Scott's shirt and dragged him back to the bedroom. The faintest scent of sex and sweat still lingered, but that just served to fuel Clint's arousal. He certainly appreciated the value of sharing. Clint dragged Scott into another punishing kiss before practically tearing the man's shirt off of him. "You wanna be my bitch? First rule," he shoved Scott to his knees, "you start out where all good little bitches should. Second rule: you don't cum 'til I tell you to." Clint unzipped and presented Scott with his cock. "Suck."
Tony tensed. He'd told himself the same thing a few dozen times over. Hearing it from someone else made him doubt the certainty he'd had moments before that Loki was sincere. "He is, Steve, but..." He glanced at the god in question, taking in Loki's stooped shoulders. He looked oddly small. "There are some things I don't think even Loki would lie about."
Steve moaned into Tony's mouth as Logan stroked him, the touch too delicate to provide any relief but just enough to make him want more. The kiss grew more frantic and less focused as Steve gave up any thoughts of trying to direct anything. His mind was racing, far too filled with want to bother with anything so intricate as planning who should be doing what to whom and when. Instead he kissed Tony like his life depended on it and wondered why he hadn't used it as a way to shut the man up months before. As it turned out, Tony's silver tongue had some promising practical applications.
The thought had occurred to Coulson too, and he hated it. He hated it with every fiber of his being. "I hope not. Right now we're working on the assumption that only those who have had direct contact with Loki somehow are affected, but it... obviously, it's just a working theory." It was a way to keep from having a breakdown while they figured it all out. "I'll watch you. If something seems wrong, we'll deal it," he assured before rising again. "Let's go talk to Natasha."
In which the Avengers join Lady Sif to help free Frigga and Thor.
Apparently Clint was pretty good at hitting on embarrassing questions without even trying. Phil blushed, but he didn't shy away from answering. "I was... five? Six? You won't be surprised to learn that there were Captain America posters all over my room. I very confidently told my mother that when I grew up, I was going to marry him. She was less than thrilled." He shrugged. "So the answer is that I always knew. I like women, I like men. While I generally prefer men, I've actually dated more women. I didn't really come out until after my dad died. It was my senior year of high school."
"When I'm sweaty and disgusting?" Steve arched an eyebrow. "Y'know, I should probably be more surprised than I am." Just talking about sex with Tony was enough to make the idea of waiting - and possibly waiting quite awhile - painful on a lot of levels. "Not surprised. Kinda intrigued, though. Good to know I can go spend a few hours at the gym and not have to worry about showering before I throw you up against the wall. Convenient."
“Bad, then.” Bruce sighed again. “Really bad.”
When Phil looked down a few minutes later, he was surprised to see Natasha fast asleep against Clint's shoulder. It was a show of trust that he knew she wouldn't allow around most people, and he smiled at the quiet, peaceful moment. "We should get to bed," he suggested, nudging her gently and grabbing the remote to turn off the television. "C'mon, everybody up - just for a minute."
Clint didn't want to leave her. Not remotely. He also knew better than to think Nat would tolerate him babysitting her when he had something important to take care of. Anxiously, he squeezed her hand and kissed the back of it before he stood. "I'll be back later," he said before disappearing through the doors.
"Thank you," Steve answered earnestly. He felt better knowing there was someone amongst his companions that he could talk to about the whole thing without being judged. "I guess we sort of went on a date," he finally ventured. "There was dinner with Logan, then dancing with Tony, so... altogether it was sort of a date." He couldn't help but shake his head and chuckle. "I guess I'm a few decades past worrying about what my parents would think, so I'm probably in the clear."
It was a terrible idea if he intended to walk for the next couple of days. It really, really was. Just the feeling of Clint's cock pressing against him made Darien's breath catch, though, and he was following Clint's rough order before he could think it through. The stretch was too much, painful and aching, and he loved it. A near-sob of pleasure escaped him as he drove himself slowly downward. "Oh, fuck... fuck, that's..." He wasn't sure what it was. Darien could think of no word to describe the pleasure-pain and decided not to try. He suspected that Clint knew anyway.
"I bet he'd like that," the Soldier answered, tone mocking. He wrapped his hand around Stark's cock and gave it one long, slow pump. "You should have tried. You should still if you get to see him again. So how does the great Tony Stark go about seducing someone? Wine? Candles? Or do you just throw them up against a wall and go for it?"
Tony grinned broadly, pushing himself up to follow Steve into the bathroom. The second the water was warm enough, he pulled Steve under the spray and lathered him up and rinsed him off. After they got in bed, though, Tony slowed down, tugging Steve close to him and letting his hands roam over the blonde's lean body. "Feel better?" he asked.
Logan had to rein in a bit of jealousy as the two kissed, this time mere breaths away from him. Refocusing the energy, the feral mutant leaned in to press his lips against Tony's throat as his hand grasped and squeezed at Steve's wonderfully toned ass.
Phil woke at once, consciousness flowing back into him as he shifted, stretched, and tried not to think about how sore he was and how much worse it would be after a full night of walking. "Let's do it," he agreed as they both got to their feet.They looked like they'd escaped from a deserted island and washed ashore, dusty and half dressed. It was enough to make him smile for real. "We need to come up with a very, very interesting cover story for this one. If we're going to look this ridiculous, we might as well be able to back it up with a good story for whoever finds us." Personally he hoped they'd find someone whose phone they could borrow before it came down to hitchhiking in the middle of nowhere, but he'd take what he could get.
"Well, that went well," Bruce remarked with a smirk.
Logan sighed and rolled out of the bed, tugging on his pants, then looking around the room. He hadn't really paid much attention to it when they'd arrived, but his senses quickly led him to the beer hidden in Tony's bar. He popped the lid of the bottle he'd found and looked at Steve. "So, we gonna take him to the infirmary, or can he take himself?"
"Nah, staying here." Scott held out for all of two seconds before he launched himself onto the bed and crawled up to kiss Logan again. He made a firm decision not to be shy and let his hand slide down to get a firm hold of the bulge fairly screaming for attention. It suddenly wasn't difficult for him to understand Jean's fascination. "This is... promising..." He grinned and gave a squeeze before moving his hand to the hem of Logan's shirt. "Off."
Phil couldn't resist the silent urging. He put a hand on the back of Clint's head, and together they found a slow, steady rhythm. He knew better than to be rough, knew he wasn't going to last anyway. It was so fucking good he was holding on only by the skin of his teeth to begin with. "You look so fucking sexy right now... fuck, Clint..." Holding onto Clint was ultimately as much to steady himself as to guide the pace. "It's... won't be long," he admitted. Just watching Clint taking every last damn inch he could was almost enough to make him lose it alone, nevermind the spectacular feeling of Clint's throat closing in tightly around him.
"Uh... huh." Bruce was still eating, but he looked a little wary now.
"When did you become Mr. Bossy Boots?" Tony asked, clearly taken aback by Steve's assertive stance. Of course the other man was right. It was the fact that Tony was helpless to do anything which irked him. He tried to sit up to further protest, but the pain hobbled him and he was forced to concede defeat. "Alright, I'll wait here. I'll be pretty and silent and wait for your return." Tony fixed Steve with a meaningful stare. "And you'd better return - no matter what you find out. You made a promise, and I'm going to hold you to it."
"You seem to be confusing me for someone you know. That's not a good idea. This isn't going to be comfortable for you." He took a few steps closer and nodded in the direction of the camera. "If you want to play to your audience, that's where you should look. I've given you a dose of sodium pentathol - truth serum, if you prefer." The man wore jeans and a white t-shirt, casual, unassuming, and utterly strange in the clinical surroundings.
"Everyone else who knows is dead," she pointed out. "That's how you can tell you're special." Natasha wasn't prone to sentiment of any kind, but she felt a certain softness when it came to Clint and his happiness. "Sleep. I'll make coffee in the morning."
"Looks great," Clint answered earnestly. He hadn't realized the impact his teasing had had. The archer eagerly gathered a plate of food and dug in, his eyebrows raising in pleasant surprise. "This is amazing, Coulson," he declared around a mouthful. "Where'd you learn to cook like this, anyway? I mean, I know you've been doing this awhile, but... damn."
The billionaire tried to keep some composure, but that just resulted in a would-be moan coming out as more of a pitiful, needy whimper when Steve filled him up perfectly. As Steve settled over him, he wrapped his arms around the blonde and marveled yet again at the man's strength and build. He knew Steve could break him in half without a thought, knew that it took Steve conscious effort to avoid hurting him. The feel of that restrained power against him was incredible, exhilarating, and reassuring. Tony leaned up and pressed his lips to Steve's throat, nuzzling the sweat-slick skin a moment later. He took a breath to speak, then stopped himself. //Little early for that kind of confession. And we've been dating, what? Two, three days? Yeah...// A shift on Steve's part served to send any further thoughts of romance crashing to the wayside as Tony lifted his hips and managed a breathy, "Ohfuckyes," in his partner's ear.
"More than capable," Victor assured, shrugging off his coat and letting it hit the floor. He had to admit to a faint bit of nervousness as he closed distance with the self-professed god. The man was powerful, no doubt. The idea of being a top for him almost seemed absurd, but of course if Loki was willing... Deciding it was best not to disappoint, Victor fisted a clawed hand in Loki's robes and dragged him into a rough, possessive kiss. His other hand landed firmly on Loki's hip, pulling their bodies flush together.
Bruce snorted softly and looked away. "Anyone ever mention that you have only slightly more of a sense of self-preservation than Tony?"
He sighed and took a deep breath. "This has been lovely. Almost better than my meeting with Fury."
Steve managed a faint nod. He wished he had Tony's faith. He wished he was sure that the man had any idea what he was promising. It was too much. Closing his eyes tightly, he tried to let himself drift away from the moment enough to breathe.
Logan stared blankly at Steve for longer than was remotely decent. His first impulse was to tell Steve exactly what was going on, but something stopped him. Instead of backing out of Steve's personal space, he shook his head. "Just... had a little argument. With Scott," he lied. "He's pretty stressed."
Steve knew that his lover was right, but it felt too good. Just Tony's fingers prying him open was enough to leave Steve gasping, and he wanted more. He wanted to feel Tony's cock sliding inside him and wrap his legs around his lover's hips. "Sorry. Not trying to rush. Just... you feel so good," he groaned. He could see Tony losing patience with being slow and careful too, and that was some comfort. At the very least, Steve felt satisfied that Tony wouldn't tease any longer than he had to. "Promise I'll try to wait. Maybe if you started kissing me again, it would be distracting."
"Mr. Stark?" Simmons honestly didn't want to bring the man's full energy and annoying oversight to their corner. She caught Fitz giving her a look that said clearly he thought she'd lost her mind. She'd read the lines of tension in Bruce's shoulders. After the man had been so kind to them, she couldn't bring herself to leave him at Tony's mercy when he was already in rare form. "Would you mind checking these equations? I think that this should speed the whole thing up a bit. Then coupling it all with this," she pulled up another screen on Fitz' computer that gave a good overview of the nanotechnology she was hoping to use.
Logan had to fight not to flinch away when Loki reached for him. He watched the god's eyes as Loki did whatever he was doing. Logan wondered absently how SHIELD would deal with him if they found out about it. //If we even get out of this...// Logan tensed a little as a few flashes of what must have been memories flickered at the periphery of his mind, but it was nothing that he could make sense of. The longer Loki held onto him, the more intense the flickers got, filling his senses with hallucinations, and Logan made a half-hearted effort to pull away. The god's hands didn't budge; Loki didn't even seem to notice that Logan was trying to pull away. The images faded a moment later, and Logan relaxed once more. "You about done? This is startin' to get weird, you holdin' onto my face like this," Logan pointed out, more than ready to have the whole show over with.
Victor had to agree that words were overrated. Especially with the god pushing back against him like he couldn't get enough. His cock throbbed inside his partner as he began pistoning in and out of Loki's tight heat, groaning his pleasure.
"This is the closest you'll ever come to being with him again. Are you sure you want to turn your back on the chance?" It was easy to see how deeply the illusion affected Tony, how it cut him. Apparently he'd gotten something wrong, some detail that gave it away. That was no matter. Reaching out and still speaking in Steve's gentle voice, Loki pressed, "This could be seen as a gift. I thought it might be easier on you this way." That was only half true. He'd also rather relished the thought of Tony giving himself over willingly - losing himself in the fantasy enough to truly enjoy it.
Logan nodded, but couldn't help quirk a faint smile at the mental scenario Scott conjured. He pulled the man close, giving him a quick peck on the lips, as much as he dared. "I'll be... They'll get it figured out before you know it," he promised, hoping he was telling the truth. He opened his mouth to add something, then stifled it. Dropping dramatic talk of love right before he got himself locked up just seemed more cruel than loving. "I'll make sure they let you know when you can come." He reluctantly let Scott go, straightening his clothes a little better before stepping out into the hallway.
Steve sighed, wondering if they would all get hazard pay for chasing elephants around the city. Not likely. "Alright, we'll split up and- duck!" he finished as a bullet hit the ground by Bruce's feet. He turned to see a blue-skinned woman slinking out of the shadows.
The words were strained with none of the usual warmth he expected from the man. Steve's mind felt as slow as his shivering body, and he managed to get himself into a seated position with Coulson's help as it finally struck him what was missing. "Tony!" No response came immediately, and panic set in. "Where is he? Where's Tony?" The physical chill was easing off. His body knew how to warm up, but Hydra had known that it would be the best way to take him down too.
"It is." She held up her phone. "Fury sent some pictures from Steve's file and told us to be prepared." The grainy black and white shots showed a man that looked like the scrawny little brother of their leader. "I don't think this will be a pleasant meeting."
"I don't have a brother."
Clint grinned. The heat was already making him sweat, but getting into the shade was a help. "We're gonna be a sight when we finally do hit civilization," he remarked. The two of them looked like they'd hitched a ride on the underside of an eighteen wheeler. He scanned their surroundings while they sat, hoping to find something that could help them. Walking steadily, they'd be able to make it to the electric pole he'd spotted overnight. Whether there'd be any help to be found there was another question altogether. Having supplies would be a boost if they didn't find any support.
====================
"Magneto?" Scott ventured. It would explain why the Brotherhood's leader hadn't been seen at all.
Loki bit the inside of his cheek to keep from breaking the moment before Creed could decide. The man was impulsive but rarely as stupid as he seemed.
"Yeah," Darien agreed, blinking sleepily. Frankly he would just as soon have fallen asleep in the middle of the floor, but he needed to get himself cleaned up. Smelling like sex only sounded sexy. In truth it involved a lot of things sticking to things they shouldn't and a whole lot more grossness than he wanted to deal with. Darien tried to ignore the protesting twinge from his backside as he hauled himself up off of the floor with a groan and stumbled into the bathroom to turn on the hot water. "You were too. Good, I mean. Excellent. Hell, we both know that was hot as hell. If I was coherent enough to shut up right now, I would."
"It was before the exploding started," Coulson agreed. "It should hold." He hoped it would. The idea of the guards having to let out the prisoners housed there - or, almost worse, NOT let them out - left him feeling more than uneasy.
Logan ran his fingers lightly over a bite mark in Scott's shoulder that he was pretty sure he hadn't caused, then looked back up into Scott's eyes. "Might change the mood a little," he murmured, lips brushing against Scott’s, "but killin' it ain't a concern." His fingers brushed over Scott's hips as if to soothe the injuries there, his lips over the ruts gouged by blunt fingernails on Scott’s shoulder. He pulled Scott close against him, his lips travelling gently over his lover's stubbled throat. "We just need to go easy."
In which Steve gets a gift from Tony via Jarvis.
Though there's nothing super harsh, there are definite homophobic leanings during the press conference. Reporters are dicks.
Bucky found himself taken aback by the questioning. Poking into the shadows of his mind, looking for even the slightest  clue of that period of his life that remained a blank frightened him. "Well," he started, with a hint of uncertainty, "I guess you can say I've been a little bewildered." Bucky sighed, affecting a half smile. "The last thing I remember is falling to my death, and then suddenly I'm here. It's all a little too much to take in."
Clint chuckled. "Or, y'know, unconscious in a pile of after action reports," he pointed out. He was pretty sure he remembered being fussed at about drooling on leather pillows and having his boots on the furniture a time or two, as well. He shrugged, self-consciously fiddling with the coffee mug again. "It's nice, though. I mean, we're cleared to the same levels, so we can talk and bitch about stupid shit that other people pulled." He grinned, stretching his foot out under the table to let his leg rest against Phil's. "You've been pretty good at keeping me sane."
Jemma smiled, though it faded into something like a wince when she suggested, "Everything?" The young woman laughed and took a sip of her hot chocolate. "Honestly, I'd love to hear anything you remember. We have some files, things that people have gathered from Thor or Loki, but it's all piecemeal, and not very satisfying. It's an alien world! What was the Bifrost like?" The bridge sounded absolutely awe-inspiring even when reading between the lines of a rather dry report.
Tony's eyes flicked to Steve's face. The man was a sight to behold, his eyelids lowered, full lips parted and face flushed. The billionaire just wanted to fuck Steve senseless, but even Tony knew better than to think he was up to the task. Focusing on his 'work' instead, Tony let go of Steve's cock with his hand, bracing it on the man's perfect abs as he slowly dove further down his lover's shaft, stopping only when his lips were wrapped around the base. He began bobbing his head more steadily, each time bottoming out on Steve's cock before drawing back just far enough to get a breath and then diving back down.
"I think Romanov already said that-"
Logan found himself considering the proposal before he even realized it. He'd be able to look Scott in the eyes whenever he wanted. The man wouldn't have to choose between hiding indoors and worrying about killing someone. Hell, Scott could live as normal a life as he wanted. More than a lot of mutants could say. Hating himself for it, Logan got as close to the bars as he could, looking Loki hard in the eye. He doubted he'd be able to tell if the man were lying. Hell, he couldn't even get a scent off the guy, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to try. "So, what kinda disgusting low do you think I'm gonna stoop to for that kinda favor?" There was no sense pretending it was anything but a profoundly tempting offer. Loki obviously had no trouble reading people.
Nat's gaze narrowed. "Tell me." She looked exhausted but more or less okay otherwise.
"Of course, Sir. Right away." She glanced at Bruce, eyebrows slightly raised, then hurried over with a smile that looked patently fake. "Agent Barton, do you think you could sit down for me? I'd just like to make sure that everything is as it should be." She barely noticed Loki getting up and drifting in closer to them.
Steve was surprised that he kept breathing through it all. The gun was heavy in his hands. It didn't radiate the same creepy power the hammer had, not precisely, but it wasn't healthy. He knew that without the warnings just from the way it felt. The weight came from something that wasn't physical mass, and he hated even touching the damn thing. He hated seeing Tony look broken and defeated before they even began because that cut deeper than anything else. They stopped as a group outside of Natasha's cell, and Steve stood by while Coulson, jolted from the stupor that seemed to have overtaken them all, hurriedly unlocked the door.
Logan slowed his pace a little when he heard the doors to the meeting room slide open. He could tell by the footsteps that it was Steve, and that he was alone. He stopped and turned around, crossing his arms over his chest. "If you're worried about me stabbin' 'im in the lungs, don't. If he pisses me off enough, most I'll do is knock loose a few teeth, maybe break his pretty nose."
"I think I'd like that. A lot. Actually, I'll go so far as to say that unless we're on duty, you have blanket permission for touching." The way Clint was looking at him, the unexpected sweetness of his smile, made Phil feel certain for a moment that he was in some kind of dream. And he didn't really mind. It was a very, very good dream. Despite not wanting to push or initiate anything beyond the exploration, Phil still couldn't resist stealing another gentle kiss. For two men who'd been around the block in a dozen different ways over as many years, it was strange to realize how much they hadn't done and for how long. They'd both been missing things. "Touch away."
"You make a good point," Steve agreed with a bright smile. He could see the broken blood vessels blooming along Tony's jaw, and it was strangely enticing. As he unbuttoned his shirt, Steve couldn't resist the urge to press a gentle kiss to the spot followed by a quick flick of his tongue. His shirt fell behind him, and Steve discarded the belt that Tony had unfastened in the meanwhile. Taking hold of Logan's shirt, he tugged it upward until there was enough daylight between Tony and Logan for him to actually manage shimmying it off its owner. Logan was every bit as powerful underneath the shirt as he'd felt, and Steve happily ran his fingers through the dusting of hair covering the man's chest.
Tony shifted his hips a little against Steve's as the blonde worked his fly open. He cupped Steve's face once more, pulling him into a kiss as his hands wandered lower, gliding down over the man's slender shoulders and arms to rest on his hips. "Good thing I have you to help me with that," he murmured against Steve's lips, his own fingers teasing their way around Steve's waistband, thumbs flicking at the top of the blonde's fly without actually making an effort to unfasten it.
Clint thought about it. "Well, I know your favorite drink is coffee, and so's your favorite food. So that takes care of that. Hmm, tough to know what to ask you. I mean, I know all the surface stuff. Guess... Hmm... Guess I'll have to get a bit more personal." He took one of Phil's hands and laced their fingers together. "Okay, here's one. When did you figure out you liked guys? And how?"
Tony grabbed Steve and pulled the larger man up against himself, heedless of the fact that the blonde was probably a little too heavy to comfortably support. //Worth it even if my arm does fall asleep.// He gently ran his fingers through Steve's hair, smiling at him in a way that was a little uncharacteristically warm. "That was good," he decided, pretty sure he could hear Logan rolling his eyes beside them.
Scott picked up a shot and tossed it back. "It was Halloween," he explained with a hint of a smile. "And I have great legs." He thought for a moment and tried to think of something interesting. "I've never had a threesome."
"All I've ever wanted," Tony assured, his fingers trailing up to Steve's. The man was definitely more or less back to fighting form, a thought that was a surprising relief. "I wish none of it had happened, either. God, if I'd known I'd be getting back to you, I never would've let him touch me," he murmured. He knew he might still have been compelled to do so, forced under the idea that Coulson and Barton would otherwise be disposed of. But that was a whole other scenario. Tony leaned in for a tentative kiss, not wanting to push. "I need you, Steve, and I love you."
Tony hadn't been prepared for Steve to be so understanding and nice about the whole thing. He half expected his colleague to be disgusted, or at least too uncomfortable to continue talking. But the man out of time remained by his side, offering comfort which Tony did not think he deserved. He eased his hand away from Steve's gentle touch, getting on his feet again and moving toward the window. "Was it even rape? I keep asking myself that," Tony said softly. "Yeah, I was drugged, but I thought it was you the entire time. And I wanted you. So, does that make it count?"
"Thanks. Try to keep up with the upkeep... maintenance... regular washing," Steve muttered as he flipped the cap on the bottle and coated his fingers. It wasn't that he wanted to rush, it was just that they were in the back of a car, and it would eventually get uncomfortable. The feeling of Tony's ass pressing against him and the way it tightened and then gave way to his fingers... well, that he wasn't going to be uncomfortable with any time soon. Steve swallowed hard. The muscles clenching down around him felt like heaven. "I have no idea what I was just saying. None."
Although Tony had fantasized about kissing Steve too many times to count, nothing could have prepared him for the bliss of the real thing. Steve's lips were soft and warm, his mouth sweet and inviting. Tony could have easily lost himself right then and there. A huge part of him wanted to forget about the idea of returning to his suite. It seemed foolish to leave when everything felt so right. The rational part of his brain not clouded with reckless thoughts reminded him it was too soon. Tony contented himself with the kiss, cupping Steve's handsome face in his hands as he deepened the contact.
"I will," the agent agreed. As much as he wanted there to be nothing wrong, Coulson wasn't stupid, and he wouldn't risk anyone's lives if it came down to it. If Clint had to act, then he had to act. "If there really is something wrong and he knows, I think he'd tell us." Coulson certainly hoped so, or the bridges they'd been building with both men were for nothing.
"That's good," Clint croaked, "because I don't think Fury would like me falling asleep for it." He followed his handler in a haze. It was hard to stay conscious when there was no real need to. He didn't bother to ask where he was being led and barely registered that they'd apparently both made the decision to go back to Coulson's suite. Clint walked out of his shoes and pants, leaving the shirt in place for the sake of the bandages on his back. He slouched on the edge of the bed until Phil was almost settled, not trusting himself to stay awake long enough for the man to undress. Once his handler was in the bed, the archer pressed himself as tightly as he could to the other man, his face buried in Phil's neck as he relaxed gratefully into sound sleep.
Clint raised an eyebrow, amused and also surprised that he was being allowed to do anything but sit there with his hands in his lap. "You do realize I'm sorta the 'beer and t-shirts' type. Not overly worried about my taste," he pointed out, but poked at the impressively complicated radio nonetheless. Having a knack for gadgets, Clint managed to find what he was looking for in no time: some good 70s rock. "Nice speakers, too." Clint threw on his shades and tilted his head back, tapping his hand against the car door to the beat. "Thanks for letting me touch."
It was hard to feeling anything but sick. Phil met Clint's gaze just long enough to let him know it was appreciated and then looked away. It was one thing being humiliated and degraded by a piece of dirt like Creed. It was worse being used in front of Clint. Of all the people who could have been there... but, then, that seemed to be the way the universe worked. He swallowed hard and fought back panic. Panic led to tension, and extra tension would make things more painful for him and more fun for Creed. That was the last thing that he wanted. Awful as the idea was, the longer Creed took with him, the longer things were drawn out, the longer it would be until Clint had to suffer through the same thing. The only things he could think to say would make the situation worse for him and likely for Clint too, so he held his tongue and tried to focus on not puking. The least he could do was try to respond in a dignified fashion to a completely undignified situation.
Phil saw the look in Clint's eye and reached out to put a hand on his shoulder. The contact grounded him, and he hoped it helped Clint at least as much. "Natasha has survived things no one else could. Believe me, it'll take more than Loki to put her out of commission. If he couldn't kill me, do you really think there's any chance he could break her?"
Scott hesitated, glancing at Logan, then nodded more certainly. "Yes, sir." He didn't like it, but it made a lot of sense.
Steve had to fight to keep from screaming. His grip on the comforter kept him more or less still - at least as much as he could while his vision was whiting out from pleasure and it felt like Tony was sucking his brain out through his dick. He panted Tony's name through the climax, a litany of the ways the man made him feel wonderful. When he was finally able to do anything but shake, Steve groaned. "As soon as you're well. Seriously, as soon as, we're going to spend some more time on that. Having you inside me, I mean. Something a little more substantial than your finger next time, maybe."
Logan had to fight to keep his head. "I... You gotta... lock me up, Coulson," he grated out, his hand clenching at his side. Adamantium blade tips glinted in the room's lights as Logan wavered between keeping his cool and doing the unthinkable.
"Thanks for noticing," Tony replied, flashing Steve a half-grin. "You don't look so bad yourself there, Cap." One hand let go of the wheel to reach across and give a gentle tug to the other man's lapel. "As a matter of fact, you clean up nicely. You should go with this look more often." Returning his attention to the road ahead, Tony smiled to himself over the way Steve flushed. Being able to get to him so easily was turning out to be Tony's favorite pastime. Sparks had flown from the instant they'd met, which tended to happen when two alpha males vied for seniority. No doubt S.H.E.I.L.D. would rope them into duty again, so it was probably for the best that he and Steve found some common ground.
For a moment the image of Tony naked in the shower was so distracting that Steve forgot he was supposed to answer. "Oh. No. I'll get the boxes first." He was almost glad to have a reason to leave. It wasn't that he didn't trust himself, exactly, but he wasn't sure how to deal with Tony's teasing sometimes, and when his mind was already wandering to places he'd rather it didn't... Things were already complicated. If he didn't keep hold of his own feelings, they would only get worse. Steve buried his concerns in packing and notifying Director Fury of the change only to find that JARVIS had already done it for him.
Tony moaned against Logan's mouth, writhing between the pair as the dual assault overwhelmed his senses. He drew away from Logan, panting as his eyes met Steve's. "Jesus... ‘s'amazing," he murmured, gasping softly when Logan nipped at his throat a little too hard, then moaning a second later.
"Asgard," Bruce offered.
Logan noticed the nurse as well and couldn't help wonder if she was actually another agent or spy or... "Yeah, I think that'd be best," he agreed, leading the way. It was a short, tense walk. The minute they stepped into the room, Logan shook his head. "Scott, I know you're used to doin' everything above-board, but this place... These people are spies. This ain't Chuck's school. They're government, and don't forget that the government's been within a few steps o' roundin' us all up and puttin' us in concentration camps."
"Oh, good, he's... breathing? Excellent." Simmons tried to smile but received no warmth in kind from Romanov and cleared her throat. "We brought-"
"Stark, do you know how much of YouTube I've had to delete tonight? At least five different videos and god-knows-how-many copies of you two sucking face on the dancefloor, and I--"
Steve couldn't help smiling at the scene. There weren't many people who would be that indulgent with Tony on a first meeting, but Logan took it in stride. He was well aware that it was something like watching a parent trying to put their unruly child to bed, but no one would ever claim that Tony Stark was anything but an overgrown man-child most of the time. "Thanks for not adding any extra perforations," Steve said with a smile when Logan rejoined him. "He's a crazy drunk, but he's our crazy drunk. Hey, if you need any spare clothes, I've got some things that might fit." At the skeptical look on the man's face, Steve crossed to his suitcase and flipped it open to reveal a few casual button downs and well-pressed jeans. "You could try Tony's if you'd rather, but I can't see you in a blazer."
Clint squeezed Phil's hand and smiled, feeling better. He had to remind himself that relationships were a step at a time process. Trying to see things two weeks ahead was stupid, and trying to project further out was even more idiotic. "I do like you," he affirmed with no hesitation. "A lot. Still kind of feel dumb that I didn't think of this before. See, and now you're stuck, because I have enough of a clearance level that just dying won't get you out of this. So you might be stuck with me for a minute."
"I know," the agent answered. He nodded to both men before disappearing down the hallway as quickly as he had come.
Clint sighed quietly and nodded. "Yeah. But we're gonna need a cab," he said, a smirk slowly replacing his look of irritation. He could have a discussion with Nat about trying to manipulate him into dating his handler later. Still somewhat buzzed and full of endorphins from the orgasm, irritation was more easily replaced with amusement at the idea of what the whole situation implied. "I think she went home with Logan and Summers. Like, went home, home," he said, a bit of admiration in his eyes. He wouldn't have figured Summers would have gone for it. At all. //Leave it to Tash.//
Tony jerked awake, feeling a cold sweat wash over him. There was a moment of panic as he fought to remember where he was, and he calmed a little as he caught sight of Steve, still pressed against his chest, face gently illuminated by the arc reactor. Taking a deep breath, Tony grabbed his tablet as slowly as he could to avoid waking Steve and noted that it was an hour past when he'd set his alarm. Looking at his logs, he rolled his eyes when he noted Bruce had disabled the alarm. Smiling down at the man pressed against his chest, though, he decided that he'd be bringing Bruce and the Wonder Twins some breakfast and coffee in appreciation.
Tony shifted back a little and looked at Steve like he might have a fever. "Hang on; rewind. Did you seriously just invite me to give you an under-the-table BJ the next time we're out to dinner with the team?" he asked, looking like he was pretty sure he'd died and gone to the best heaven possible. "Because I seem to recall someone insisting there was no way we were going to do anything in a restaurant bathroom unless there was a solid deadbolt on the door, and I'm pretty sure that under a table is gonna be way less privacy."
Steve very nearly ran smack into Logan as he rounded the corner on his way out. "Hey! Sorry. I volunteered for a food run." Seeing the look on Logan's face, he sobered at once, smile fading. "What's wrong?"
After three or four tries and insistently rejecting Coulson's offers of help, Clint managed to get the door open. A little too drunk to care or remember to secure the door, he wobbled inside, tossing his bow on the chair and staggering to the couch. Quiver, field gear, and uniform still firmly in place, he flopped face-down onto the couch. He reached up and dragged a poorly-folded fleece throw from the back of it down onto himself, but didn't really manage to pull it out evenly or properly cover himself before passing out.
"Sir?"
Claws slowly eased from Logan's forearms, more in preparation for a fight than anything, but the timing was right, "Want some?"
Tony snorted. "As long as you two don't insist on fighting in the back seat on long road trips, I think we can manage." It was almost amusing to picture in his head: Loki and Thor sitting at opposite ends of a cafeteria table, asking each other by proxy to pass the salt and so on. "I think a squabble between the two of you might break New York." He fell silent for a moment. He'd forgotten about Logan. According to the mutant's file, he had a nose far more powerful than a bloodhound's. No real hiding anything from him. Then again, Logan also seemed the sort to let other people take care of things on their own. Tony doubted he'd have to say much. "I mean, I'm not really polite to anyone, but they put up with me somehow."
The sound of his name on Nat's lips sent a jolt through Clint that was equal parts arousal and pride. The feeling of her squeezing his shoulders made him all the more desperate to feel those strong, supple thighs around his waist, and Clint groaned as the woman's juices flooded his mouth.
Coulson's head fell forward, relief washing over him when Steve's eyes opened. He knew the man was in for a hell of a shock, but he was alive. He was alive and waking up, and he might just be fine. "Tony," he whispered softly to draw the man's attention up again.
Clint had all but tuned out during Phil's recount of the events, the man's hand in his own the only thing keeping him anchored to reality, keeping him from slipping back to Creed pinning him to the floor... When Phil was done, Fury's words seemed to shake him out of it a little, and he nodded slowly. "Got it, sir," he agreed. Talking with a stranger about what had happened was the last thing he wanted to do, but he wanted to be able to go back into the field, and he knew that was what it would take.
Even approaching Logan's cell made Steve nervous. The last time he'd seen the man, Logan had been a mess. He edged almost nervously over to the door. "Hey," he greeted softly, hopeful that he'd be talking to Logan and not some projection of Loki's into the man's mind.
Clint closed his eyes as Phil's hand cupped his cheek. It felt good in a way that was almost surprising in its intensity. Touch meant a lot to Clint. While it usually meant either seriously hurting someone or just fucking them for the sake of release, true, tender contact was a rare gift, and Phil's hands were gentle and caring in ways that words couldn't express. "I can definitely do the not sharing thing," he said. It wasn't a hard decision to make. If Nat had been around more, had been willing to commit to him, the other partners wouldn't have been in the picture. Blue eyes flicked open and he smiled faintly, resting his hand on the back of Phil's and pressing a kiss to the palm. "Not as big a deal as you might think." He knew Phil had probably seen a parade of guys - and Nat - wander through his suite when he'd been required to keep an eye on him. He knew it'd probably be tough for Phil to believe it was that easy.
Scott stopped himself just short of actually moving into Clint's personal space and felt his cheeks flush with heat at the realization. "I... maybe. Yeah." He didn't want to go, didn't want to leave Logan hanging or be stuck getting poked and prodded when he could be of help to the team, but the longer he stood near Clint, the less he was thinking about anything at all. "Wouldn't mind a beer first."
Coulson blinked. It wasn't the response he'd expected to their arrival. "Sir?"
"Seen it do a lot worse," Clint shot back.
Steve let himself breathe again as the room settled into awkward silence. He wanted to leave. He wanted to leave the room and take Tony away. He also didn't want to leave the team alone with Loki. Given that most of them were together, it was as good a time as any to fill them in. "Loki's going to be staying here for awhile with Thor as a bodyguard. He's... well, he's more or less asked for asylum, and we're granting it on a trial basis."
"I'll be with you," Tony promised quietly. Putting his fork down, he reached out to take Steve's hand, giving him a reassuring stare. He realized he was scared, and realized a moment after that that he was scared for Steve. It didn't matter how accepting the team was, they'd no doubt be shocked. Fortunately, Tony was the only one who was catastrophically terrible - with some vague competition from Clint, admittedly - at handling delicate situations, and he'd already managed to not be a complete ass about it. He wasn't going to tolerate anyone having anything less than kind to say to Steve.
A significantly taller, horned silhouette caught Logan's attention, and he set his jaw. "That sure as hell ain't a deer," he growled, darting towards the figure.
Victor chuckled quietly, watching Clint's face. "That's right..." His tongue flicked out over his lips. He glanced up at Coulson. "Much more responsive than you were. Have you fucked him yet? Just wondering if I could get the same sounds out of him that you do."
"Good," Logan murmured, his hand moving from Scott's hair to Natasha's thigh, his fingers trailing along the crease before he gently pulled her outer lips aside to give Scott's questing tongue better access. Feeling the woman's body shift against him, listening to her breath catch, was making him hot as hell. He ground his hardening cock against her ass, letting out a moan that sounded more like a growl as he felt Scott's tongue brush against his fingers. He nipped hard at Natasha's shoulder as if to vent some of his rising lust, his eyes fixed on the show before him as he held the woman tight against him.
Steve tried to look stern, but Bucky knew him too well, and he finally sighed and sank onto the couch. “I don’t like that he won’t talk to me. It was hard at first getting to know him, but then… I felt like we were friends.” He’d honestly hoped they were on their way to being a great deal more than friends. “I feel like things would be fine if he’d just let me in, but he spends all his time in the lab, and then he won’t see me and-” Steve cut himself off. Bucky had more than enough problems of his own to deal with. “Don’t get me wrong,” he said, tone gentle. “I want to be here for you. I just wanted to be there for both of you. He’s not letting me be, and it’s driving me a little crazy.”
Clint knew he'd been told to stay out of the beer. He also knew that he really could use one at the moment. //Besides, all in the interest of getting him to play along, right?// The archer quirked a faint smile. "Yeah, sounds good," he agreed, oblivious to Scott's internal struggle. He didn't know the man nearly well enough to tell that anything was off. Scott really seemed pretty damned normal, all things considered. Clint wasn't about to completely ignore it if the guy told him something was wrong, but... //No harm in a beer.// "Any in the fridge?"
This chapter starts out with the world's most dubious of dubcon. Mind control, folks - it's not awesome. Skip that if you need to, but the rest is solid plot. Note that there are now 20 chapters instead of 19 since I broke one of them down a little differently than intended. Either way, we're almost there for part one!
"Just wanted to give you something." The hammer collided with Victor's head with the sound of two trains colliding, and the mutant hit the ground and slid across the floor in front of the team like a rag doll. Clint easily dropped back to the floor as if nothing had happened, looking utterly calm as he resumed his place next to Phil.
Steve's throat felt too tight to speak even without the mask in the way. He managed a short nod and shivered. He wanted so badly to believe, but he didn't know if he could. It was one thing trying to believe that Tony loved him - that had felt like a little miracle, and he'd clung to it desperately. Trying to believe that Tony loved him and didn't care that he was suddenly attached to a guy who'd be hard pressed to lift a large bag of flour was something else. Finally he couldn't take it anymore and grabbed the mask, moving it aside and taking an uncertain breath that didn't hurt as much as he'd expected it too. "I'm sorry," he managed, voice rough from tears and his dry throat. "I'm sorry, Tony."
A cold smile lit the man's face. "Excellent. So tell me, Mr. Stark, what is the nature of your relationship with Steve Rogers?"
In which Phil and Clint find their way home.
"See, you manage to make even getting mauled by an oversized freak of nature sound like a good thing," Tony decided, quietly enjoying Steve's touch. He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist and held him close. It felt nice to have someone just comfort him. It wasn't a luxury he'd enjoyed in a long, long time. "We can stay like this til I get better, right?"
"You're a real ray of sunshine in the morning, Logan, but I didn't come for the company." Steve set a printed version of Tony's files on the counter. Despite Tony offering the tablet, Steve suspected Logan fell more on his side of the lines and still appreciated a little tactile sensation with his information.  "I need you to look at these and let me know if anything rings a bell. It's all we've got right now, and there aren't many people around who actually remember it." It left the two of them in a very strange boat, but Steve had been busy with problems of his own while Logan played errand boy for SHIELD's earliest incarnation.
"Sleeping, which is for the best. I saw Coulson on my way in. He said Clint's taking it as well as can be expected." Steve shrugged despite looking anything but casual about the idea of the team being fractured and in pain. "I'm just hoping Nat shows up soon none the worse for wear. How are you doing this morning?"
"Jesus fucking... you are... fuck, you're amazing," Scott babbled before he kissed Logan hard on the mouth and grinned. Sex with Logan was a revelation. Even sore and tired in the aftermath, he felt cleansed in a strange sort of way.
Though Clint shifting around actually did rouse Phil from sleep, he didn't open his eyes. He gave it a second, and soon Clint was pressed in tightly against him again, warm and apparently relaxed. They needed the time to regenerate.
Steve could feel the tension radiating off of Clint without even trying. He wasn't as sure as Fury that the hammer was the sole cause, but he could see it just the same. "I'm gonna go do a welfare check. You two try to get a little rest. You're not going to help anybody working yourselves until you can't see straight."
Though Coulson's shoulders were so tense he wasn't sure he couldn't have relaxed if he was paid to, he managed not to say any of the inappropriate things he was thinking. "Well, we're here. Dr. Simmons, I thought this might be a good time to check Agent Barton's vitals."
Thor nodded without hesitation. "If a human could do it, you would certainly be one who is able."
Lots of angst and a few moments of light. We have to have those sometimes. There's discussion of rape and mind control here, so be warned if those are triggers for you. And, also, stop reading this fic. Seriously, this will NOT be good for you.
"Seemed like it," Scott agreed. He could hear a fond kind of sorrow in Logan's voice. It hurt but there was hope in it too. They were going to be okay. "You know, I always thought the mansion had its fair share of crazy. As it turns out, this place is at least twice the 'fun'." He sighed heavily and kissed Logan's chest. "Easier to deal with when I have such excellent company."
"Bruce, I know it didn't work out-"
Mystique glared at the blue-furred mutant and was drawing her other leg back to kick him in the face when it was suddenly caught in a tight grip. She looked up to see May gazing back impassively. "Who the hell are you?"
"Fuck. You did survive," Tony murmured, still struggling to make out the god's outline. His eyesight was coming back, but it was slow. And looking at things hurt like hell. "You look like shit. What I can see of you." Behind his bluster, though, Tony's blood had turned to ice in his veins. He was pretty sure that being dead would have been a more comfortable outcome. His heart sank when he realized that Steve probably thought that he was dead. "I'm pretty sure that messing up my mind would only be slightly more tragic than messing up my face."
Tony couldn't resist giving Steve a sharp smack on the ass as his lover walked past, returning Steve's glare with a leer before he turned back to his work.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
The treatment was enough to make Steve whimper, but he got himself in control long enough to say, "Y-yeah. Think I mentioned that, yeah." He rolled his hips back to try to entice Tony to more. "I, uh," he fumbled under one of the couch cushions and then held the bottle back toward Tony. "Might've planned ahead a little." There were definitely times when it came in handy to be overly prepared. "Not that I doubted that you'd have everything you need, but I really, really don't want anything to stop you from fucking me right now."
"No, you don't get me just yet," Tony replied, voice quiet but leaving no room for argument. He ran his free hand over Steve's slender back, watching thin muscles shift as the blonde squirmed. Slowly, he stroked a finger over Steve's puckered hole, gradually pressing harder until the digit slipped inside his lover. Tony moved closer to Steve, letting his cock press against Steve's ass as he worked. "Gotta be patient," he murmured, though Tony wanted to be anything but.
"Well, I can't grow things back. Speaking of which..." Tony sat up and turned his back towards Steve, wincingly touching at the gash Logan had left in his back. "Does this look like it needs stitches? I really hate stitches."
Had it been any other moment, Steve would have smiled. Thanks to Tony's programming, Jarvis was all but a member of the team himself. He nodded to Coulson and then turned on his heel to check in with Fury. Things were getting a lot more complicated.
Phil chose not to point out that the lack of an armrest created a new sort of awkward situation, but he knew that the concern was mostly on his own part. Clint had no reason to feel awkward. The movie started soon enough, and he was glad of the distraction. It was the perfect kind of stupid, overdone and often poorly acted and funny more often than not. He chuckled at the right spots and did everything in his power to think about only the screen and not at all about the mess still waiting for them at the Tower.
Tony had to fight to keep from getting up and following Steve into the cell. He wasn't sure if the gun would work like an electrical conduit, possibly draining them both, and that held him back. More casualties was not the goal of their mission. He realized with a jolt that he almost wanted to volunteer to take Steve's place. Theatrics aside, he knew that no one, Steve least of all, would allow it. "Nat, shut up and let him help you," he finally snapped.
"To Fury," Steve affirmed with a curt nod as he rose. He stopped himself short of holding out a hand to Tony. He knew from experience that holding hands with the suit wasn't entirely comforting, and he'd been plenty unprofessional about the whole thing already. Not that anyone had said anything. Not that they would. Still, he preferred to keep at least a shred of dignity. He flashed Bruce a smile. "Get some rest, do your paperwork. Tell Dr. Simmons that I'll check in with her as soon as I'm able. I'm sure Jarvis will make sure she has the readouts in the meantime." He turned to Tony and the smile brightened considerably despite the duty ahead of them. "Ready?"
Logan had to grin. He still had his initial impression of Scott cemented in his mind: stoic, reserved, completely controlled. Seeing the man anxious, unabashed, and desperate was sexy in ways Logan couldn't even articulate. He settled for lifting his hips so that Scott could push his jeans down enough for him to kick them to the floor. Freed of the last of his clothing, Logan grabbed the back of Scott's neck with one hand and slid his hand into Scott's underwear, forcibly stilling his frantic movements for a moment as his tongue plundered Scott's mouth and his hand stroked the man's throbbing length.
"I know," Steve sighed, kissing Tony back with hunger that had nothing at all to do with sex. He calmed down by the time he drew back and even managed a smile for Tony. "Hope you don't mind if it takes me a couple of days to believe I'm not just suffering a horrific mental breakdown." He'd been sure of that when he first saw Tony, but then everyone else seemed to see him too, and he'd slowly realized that maybe Tony was real after all. "Let's get out of the shower, dry off, and sleep for a week or two. Or-" He broke off as Jarvis quietly interrupted to tell them about the movie night. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what the purpose was, but he only hesitated for a moment. "Tell Dr. Banner we'll be there. Thank you, Jarvis." He half-smiled. "Okay, so maybe we just sleep till tomorrow evening."
Bruce watched the pair go. "Good thing they have each other," he muttered to himself. It was painful to see someone so strong suffering so much, and Phil looked no better off; he just hid it better. Bruce could see the hurt in the agent, though, especially when Coulson looked at Clint. He glanced at Jemma, trying to focus more on the positive. "So, you gonna be alright with Loki tomorrow? I'm sure Thor will help me back you up. Should be interesting." He glanced at Fitz. "You two get to be the first people on the planet to examine a living, breathing Asgardian up close that isn’t Thor."
Steve forced himself to relax. Tony was always snarky, but there was a difference between worried Tony and confident Tony. He really did seem sure. "Just speak up if anything does happen to go wrong." He saw Bruce open his mouth again, but the man subsided. Steve suspected that was more for his benefit than Tony's, but he still appreciated the restraint. "We don't have any idea what things are going to look like when we find Loki." The god might want nothing more than to taunt them, to try and verbally prove his superiority. He might also be looking for a fight. "We need to be ready for anything and keep an eye out for each other." Quietly, he added, "Especially Hawkeye and Agent Coulson. I trust them both, but this isn't something anybody should have to go through more than once."
"I'm feeling pretty good, actually," Clint remarked with a smirk. The archer had stopped moving forward, but he kept his eyes on Loki, swinging the hammer idly.
//A month...?// "I'll help if I can," Logan agreed without another second's hesitation. The two of them didn't get along, but Logan was reasonably sure that Scott would try to help him if the tables were turned. It was hard to  go through hell and back with someone without retaining some sense of respect for them. The idea that Jean would want Logan to help galvanized the decision. "Any leads? Anything I can do?" The idea of bringing Scott back to Xavier in a box didn't sit well with Logan, but he also couldn’t quite figure out why no one from Xavier’s was on teh case to start with.
Clint shrugged. "I can crash on your couch - Wait." Something had caught his eye on the monitor already. "How do you rewind it?" he demanded, waiting until Coulson did so and having him stop at a key point. "Look at that. The arm grab, the look on his face," he said, pointing to Logan. "Run it forward a little. There... see? Completely different body language. Like nothing happened." He glanced at Phil. "It's not proof, but I think we've got reason to keep watching." He moved to the overstuffed leather sofa nearby. "You play creeping Tom; I'll make sure this couch stays secure." He yawned. It was getting close to three days with no real sleep to show for it. Clint knew that he couldn't hold out much longer without at least a nap.
"I will, but I'm sure they know."
"Mmhm," Tony replied. Steve was holding him tighter than usual. Tony knew why, but he also knew that talking about it in that particular moment was just going to make the reality harder. Forcing himself to relax, he Steve as close as he could and tried not to think about the idea that he might end up dead just as he'd found someone who mattered so much to him.
"I didn't realize he was going to... I should have realized that," Steve answered with a sigh, only belatedly piecing together just how blind he'd been. "Sorry." He paid the check and tipped the waitress well before preceding Logan out the door. They were close enough that it wasn't worth hailing a cab, and since they were both in good shape, a brisk walk soon had them on the corner awaiting Tony Stark. "On the upside, if anybody's gonna know a good place to see about meeting somebody, it's Tony." He had watched a disturbing parade of women pass through Tony's bedroom since his break-up with Pepper. "He doesn't sleep alone very often."
“Time will tell how much of it you need now. It’s going to take SHIELD a long time to sort through what’s been done to you from a genetic standpoint. The main thing now is to make sure that you’re comfortable.” Coulson rose from the seat and promised, “I’ll find a doctor and make sure we get something that will knock you out - hopefully with a little less kickback than what I gave you earlier.” He shared a rueful smile with the man on the bed before slipping away. Barnes had enough problems without adding insomnia to the mix, and Coulson had been around long enough that he didn’t take an isolated attack from someone who’d been mind controlled particularly personally. He arrived with a syringe and a smile. “Say the word, and you should be getting at least a solid eight hours.”
Wonderful as it would have been to spend the rest of the morning so pleasantly, Steve couldn't hold back. He didn't really want to. He wanted to lose himself in Tony, and there wasn't a single reason not to. Steve forgot his resolution not to make too much noise and gasped out Tony's name as he came hard down his throat. Only the wall kept him from collapsing to the floor. His knees shook, and he smiled brightly down at Tony. "Wow. You... wow."
At first Steve was sure he hadn't heard any of it right, that he was having an auditory hallucination. When he realized that the gorgeous man pressed against him really had said what Steve thought he said, he found himself fighting back tears. As it was, his voice was choked as he whispered back, "I'm a very, very lucky guy," before kissing the top of Tony's head.
Strange, really, to know that underneath all of his flippant talk, Stark was as soft and needy as anyone else. Loki didn't bother professing love in return. There was only so far he was willing to take things just to get under Stark's skin. He barely even needed to talk, obviously, to get the man going. After the abrupt entry, he kept the pace slower to let the build move at a languid pace. He wanted to enjoy the feeling of Stark's legs wound tightly, almost desperately around his hips to keep him close. "You look beautiful like this." That, at least, was the truth. Vulnerable as mortals were, there was a lovely undertone to that need, to the desperation of such short lives lived often with so little to hold fast to. "Beautiful when you're mine."
Steve’s breath caught. He froze for a moment in shock. He hadn’t been sure that Tony would say yes, and after that he’d been even less sure about what move to make and how to proceed. As usual Tony had taken the guesswork out of things by manhandling the situation to suit himself. For once that was a definite asset. Steve let out a shaky breath and melted into the kiss. It was sweet and almost chaste, and Steve was grateful for that, not eager to be out of his depth too soon and show off precisely how out of practice he was in the art of romance.
Phil gritted his teeth together. It was frustrating to not have a better option than playing along, but he wasn't about to let Clint get hurt. He finally met the man's gaze, silently apologizing for not having a solid plan B. "I think I'd prefer alive too, so let's work with that," he agreed tersely.  "Agent Barton, behave yourself. I think at the moment discretion is the better part of valor." At least until they had a decent enough opening to allow them to eviscerate the mutant and remind him that messing with SHIELD wasn't actually a good idea. "You might want to remind your boss that he wasn't capable of killing me last time. I don't see why he thinks he'll be anymore talented this time."
Loki laughed softly. He could almost see Tony's thoughts in the way his eyes darkened and his breath caught. He wasn't thinking of Rogers, at least not for the moment. His thoughts were most definitely otherwise engaged. "One more, and then I think I would very much like to ride you." Letting Stark take control had a certain appeal, but he wouldn't trust the mortal with the task at first. Better to set the pace and show Stark how good it could be before he attempted to let the man have his own way with any of it. "Then I may consider letting you show me whether it's worth letting you take the reins."
Tony couldn't help the faint laugh at that. "Yeah, it's gonna be awkward as hell. I vote we sit on the opposite side of the room." He paused. "Though we may have to show up early if we want those seats," he decided, then shook his head. "That is, if anyone else shows up. I do feel kinda sorry for him." He paused, looking uneasy. "He... I told him I didn't want him to tell you about... well. And he kinda gave me a secret as a sort of hostage, I guess, to make me believe he wouldn't. Since that's out of the bag... I don't want this going around the tower, but..." Tony took a deep breath, realizing he was rambling again. "Apparently... Thor kinda broke his heart. Like, romantically."
Tony grinned. "Wonderful." He made sure that the waiter got them paid out and tipped a ridiculous amount and an autograph - "Thanks for not being a pain.-Tony Stark" - and lead Steve casually to the valet stand outside. Once in the car, Tony took a few casual turns that were definitely not aimed at getting them home before pulling into a mostly-empty parking garage. He threw the car into park and placed his hand on the back of Steve's seat, giving him a smoldering look and a faint grin. "Y'know, I'm not sure I'm ready to go back to the Tower and risk Coulson interrupting my fun," he said, trailing off and leaning towards Steve invitingly.
It took him a moment to register that Coulson was looking at him. "Phil..." Tony was slouched back in his wheelchair, staring at the wall, looking gray-green and terrified. "Phil, if he doesn't make it..." He trailed off and gulped again, the tremor in his hands seeming to spread to the rest of him as he could barely finish the thought, nevermind the sentence. He wrapped his arms around himself, biting his lower lip as he worked to sort through everything.
Logan stared at the other man longer than might have been entirely smart before looking up at J. "Ten thousand."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah... okay." It was all straightforward and precisely what he had expected, but he knew it would still suck going through it all again in his mind. "Maybe we can head back to SHIELD headquarters? I think it might be easier to just type this up. I don't want to have to go through it more than once in explicit detail if I don't have to." He'd been a lot luckier than the other prisoners, but he hadn't gotten off without a scratch mentally, physically, or emotionally, and Scott knew he'd feel like shit by the time he got done spewing the experience out into a document for official perusal. "I'll answer any questions they have when it's done. I want these guys shut down. I don't want anyone else going through this. Ever." Even the worst of the Brotherhood didn't deserve to end up in the clutches of people looking to exploit other beings for their own profit that way.
Tony moaned softly, tightening his grip on the couch and Steve's cock as he started thrusting harder, faster, driving his lover's throbbing shaft into his fist with each forward stroke. "You look so good like this. Love how much you need it, how you move, like you can't get enough," he panted, angling his hips to hit the spot inside Steve that he knew would drive the most irresistible sounds from his lover.
Steve sucked in a breath and then let it out, relaxing as Tony slowly entered him. It was entrancing watching Tony's dark eyes flash. He was too caught up in how good it was to register the intensity of the insistent pressure. Steve kept focused on Tony. He watched his lover, felt the heat of his body above and inside him. Soon Steve couldn't stay quiet. Soft moans escaped him. His legs rose to wrap tightly around Tony's waist, clutching him close.
"I'm just going to keep not picturing it. Not picturing it is... that's my thing," Steve decided with a shudder. It wasn't just that they'd been raised together, that they were brothers, it was Loki, for heaven's sake. He decided to dedicate as much brain power as needed to seeing that he didn't think too much about the god naked. "From here on in, it's just you naked. That's it. I don't need any other nudity in my life." Steve couldn't help smirking at the look Tony gave him. "Unless we both agree on something else at some point, though I admit that I don't see myself being okay with sharing you anytime soon."
When the rest of the team arrived in the briefing room, a semi-disheveled Steve and Tony were sitting at the table already, and by chance Logan found himself seated shoulder to shoulder with Stark. The feral mutant's nose told him quite clearly what the two had been doing with their night when they'd been called in. //I guess everyone around here gets a good fuck when they get the chance.// It made sense in a way. //Eat dessert first, and all that. Except me. 'Cause I'm a loner. And a rebel.// He made sure Scott got the seat next to him before it dawned on Logan that he was being stared at. His gaze shifted to Tony, who was wearing a shit-eating grin. "...Stark."
"I think that might stand out," Coulson countered at once. "It's what you would expect - pose as a buyer. You're unknown to them and most people, honestly. You'll be relatively under the radar. Unlike most of our operatives, you haven't been on the news, and there's nothing about you that screams 'fed'. If you walk in and say you want to buy, they're likely to believe you. Of course you'll have access to funds from SHIELD to make whatever gestures are necessary to convince them that you've got the cash to back up your demands. I doubt any of that is outside your comfort zone?"
Clint laughed. "Good point," he agreed. He started to take another bite, then hesitated. "But, y'know... I'd make you a sandwich if you needed me to. Not as cool as this, but it'd be edible. I might even throw lettuce on there. And I promise no poison," he added with a wink. It was fun to give Coulson a good ribbing now and again, even if the man had already threatened to dispose of him twice in less than an hour.
Scott shrugged. "He might hate it. He also might not care. I don't mean to sound crude here, but you've been with people where it's just been about chemistry, right? Logan's a lot of fun when he's not homicidal. That doesn't mean I'm suddenly his property." He set his beer down and moved in a little closer to Clint. "Trust me, I'm a grown man who makes his own decisions - especially about who I sleep with." //So why doesn't it feel like I'm the one deciding?//
Logan growled faintly, glaring at Coulson. "Thought I smelled suits." He flicked his eyes back to Scott, the same unsettling edge in his gaze as before. "His buddy's down the hallway." Back to Coulson. "Expect him to put up a fight over his clearances, or didja have somethin' else you needed to talk about?" he asked, pointedly staying between the agent and the door.
"You heard the man," Natasha purred. "He wants to be fucked." She found it fascinating watching Scott come undone. He was relatively buttoned up in public. Not stiff, but certainly polite and quiet. She wondered what he would be like once he came down from everything that had happened and settled into his new life. Something told her that would be a whole different kind of a guy than the one she was coming to know.
"Oh, I know you wouldn't hate it," Nat agreed. "It's just a matter of whether you'd be willing to do it."
Logan shrugged. "I'm not picky, long as there's somewhere horizontal to sleep and a shower. TV couldn't hurt, either."
"I agree. Hopefully Director Fury will too." Phil was more comfortable with that idea as the moments passed. If Fury wanted to dress him down it would happen, but Phil had no illusions that the files he had passed on from Xavier had left the man anything but annoyed. Phil preferred annoyance to the team being at a disadvantage. "I'm sorry that there wasn't time to talk with the two of you first."
Steve let out a shuddering groan against Tony's neck. He knew they couldn't follow through, but the promise turned him on to the point where he could barely see straight. "Close," he murmured, kissing Tony's shoulder, his neck, finally his lips. It took only a few more rough thrusts before Steve came, chanting Tony's name like a mantra. He did his best to maintain a decent pace with his hand. Steve wanted more than anything to make Tony feel every bit as good as he did.
He jerked awake hours later, though he felt like it had only been minutes. His eyes darted around as panic rose until he realized that he was still safe and still in Phil's suite. And Phil was still pressed close to him. The archer smiled and shifted carefully closer, not wanting to wake the other man. They needed all the rest they could get.
"I suppose someone has to." The longer they moved together the less appropriate it all felt. Phil was having trouble remembering that getting hard and grinding against a coworker was a terrible idea, especially when said coworker had never shown any romantic interest in him. "What are we doing right now, Clint?" He needed some idea before it went so far off the rails that they couldn't get it back on. "It's starting to feel like more than dancing."
Though Phil rolled his eyes, he was willing to allow, "Okay, maybe I deserve it. A little. But you didn't exactly offer to help me out either." He brought Clint's hand up to his lips and placed a kiss on it. "It's getting late, the mosquitoes are coming out, and I need to stand up for awhile or my legs are going to be permanently numb. There's a little shop not too far away - coffee, tea, that kind of thing. We could walk it and then head back for the car when we're done." The shop was one of his hideouts, a place to retreat from the Tower without being so impossibly far that he'd get berated by Fury for being out of touch or unreachable.
Bucky managed a little smile. "Well, I feel okay when you're around," he replied. As badly as he wanted to keep Steve to himself, his words were true. Steve helped keep him grounded while everything else in the world made little sense. A frown shadowing his features, Bucky leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially, "How well do you trust these people?" He glanced around as if he could still be overheard. "Are you sure they're not going to get rid me once they learn everything locked inside my head?"
Hearing the emotion in Clint's voice was enough to get Phil choked up, so he gave himself a few seconds before he tried to speak. He didn't want to start crying because for one it would have been ridiculous, and for another, he was pretty sure Clint would have run screaming out of the room - or at least wanted to. Once he felt relatively sure he could manage it, Phil gave Clint's hand a squeeze in return. "Believe me, I'm not going anywhere if I have anything to say about it. Period." He didn't need any assurances from Clint that they'd be together forever to know he wanted to be there for the other man regardless. Romance was nice, but ultimately that was only part of his tie to Clint. "Dying once was plenty."
"That is a very good point, actually." It was overwhelming to realize that the way they felt was mutual. Tony really was in love with him. It wasn't a dream or a joke. Steve lay his head down on the other man's chest to listen to the steady beat of Tony's heart. "Get some sleep. Maybe in the morning I'll let you get out of bed." It was almost laughable as threats went. Steve definitely wasn't in any position to physically stop Tony from doing anything. He felt relatively certain of his ability to keep the man in bed, however, if it really came down to it, and there wasn't any strength needed for the task. "Love you," he murmured, already drifting into sleep.
Bruce pressed his lips together and nodded. That was one thing. Bloody as Romanov, Stark, and Barton's hands were, dangerous as Bruce could be, none of them had ever killed a teammate. He wrapped his arms around himself, looking thoughtful and worried all at once. "Could be me someday, though. Loki has a lot more apparent control of himself, but..." He shook his head. "I can understand where Barton and Coulson are coming from, though. If nothing else, he's an ugly reminder. Romanov, Summers, and Logan, too. Loki's got a lot of work to do before he proves himself to the team. If he can." Bruce huffed out a quiet laugh. "I feel kind of sorry for him. The one bunch who'd even halfway consider taking him in could throw him a lot further than they'll trust him."
Sparks flew as Creed's razor claws crashed against Steve's shield with bone-crushing force. He could smell blood, knew he'd wounded the man. He roared with the sheer thrill of battle, of finding a worthy opponent. He parried one of Steve's blows, absorbed another, feinted, and managed to knock the soldier's shield aside. His arm swung in a wide arc, claws brought to bear for the man's exposed gut, when a blast from one of Iron Man's hand thrusters knocked him away.
Bruce shook his head, pointing at Magneto with the hand that wasn't holding his pants up. "I think we'd better put him in containment first. Back to SHIELD HQ. We can find the cave with satellites now that we know which area to look in."
Clint was still wheezing. He was pretty sure that one of those god awful kernel husk thingies was lodged somewhere in his airway. Nat's next comment didn't do anything to help. "Tash..." He coughed, rattling in a way that would've been frightening if it weren't for the fact that he knew it was just fucking popcorn. "Tash, please tell me that's not also how he figured out the women's underwear thing, or I'm gonna start feeling a lot less special," he choked out, eyes still watering a little.
Steve balked. His feet flatly refused to move in the direction of the suits. He slowly got over it, one foot in front of the other, until he stood in the circle of suits, shaking. "Jarvis, what-" The light died away on all of the cabinets but one. It was a sleek design that resembled Tony's suit in many ways, but instead of red and gold, it was steely blue with a bright white star on the chest. "What is this?"
Phil supposed that a lot of them had a blind spot when it came to more intimate contact. Standing up to torture was one thing, finishing off a fight with a broken leg or ignoring someone sticking knives under your fingernails. It was different ignoring someone who wanted something so much deeper and more personal. It was still about power, but it wasn't really something most of them encountered. Natasha probably knew a hell of a lot more about it than either of them did, and the thought of that just made Phil feel queasier. He stared Creed down without flinching and allowed himself a moment of pride at the fact before he looked to Clint instead, Clint who he'd held all night and still couldn't adequately protect.
It was hard not to feel his heart warm at the words. The truth was that the majority of reactions that Coulson expected were people wondering why a man fifteen years his junior and gorgeous as hell was actually dating him. He couldn't quite resist brushing his fingers against Clint's when he passed the Gatorade back. It was strange and new - odd, really - to have someone else see them as a couple. After everything they'd been through, it was really damn nice. "Thank you," Phil echoed earnestly. "We'll be out of your hair soon. We have a ride coming." His internal clock told him that they probably had a good fifteen minutes or so until air support arrived. Maria might have believed that there was no immediate danger, but she'd send an agent or two anyway. It was just the way she was. Not that Phil really minded. It was a day when someone being overprotective of them sounded kind of nice.
The young woman blushed all over again. "Oh, well, I wouldn't say that. Your papers on-" She caught the look that Fitz was giving her and quieted. "It's nothing. Just doing my job is all." Simmons couldn't help being pleased by the praise, but they really did have work to do, and they were all running on fumes. In that spirit, she ducked over to the coffee machine and started a new pot. "What I'm not sure about is," she leaned over Bruce's shoulder to poke at the screen, "this. The sequence is... well, it's messy, isn't it? I'm not sure it's right at all, and if that reaction doesn't happen as expected, there's a much poorer chance of accurately predicting the results."
"I tried. I think Coulson might believe me, but..." But he hadn't exactly jumped at Clint's warning, which made the archer wonder how much credibility he had. //I did get brain-jacked by the craziest person to ever visit the planet...// It could just as easily be attributed to Loki's return combined with losing Nat. "I'll tell them." He gently cupped her face in his hand. "And you're fine. And you're gonna get better."
Despite the threat, Coulson stepped between the men immediately. He refrained from touching Logan but put a warning hand on Clint's chest. "Enough. Natasha is what we should be worrying about right now. I wanted information from Logan. That's all," he assured the archer. "What he knows doesn't help her right now." If there was more to the story, Coulson would find out, but he wouldn't do it at the expense of one of his agents. "Are you two going to play nice, or do I need to make you sit on opposite sides of the room?"
Tony gave his trademark open-mouthed eyeroll as he took the phone. He railed at Coulson about privacy, scowled into thin air for a moment, then poked a few commands into the phone and ended the call. With a sigh, he tossed the phone on the nightstand and gave Steve a world-weary look. "These people get into everything."
In which the science team helps out and Loki actually tries to fix something for once.
Though he still wasn't sure why, he was sure that Stark was giving in. He was relenting willingly and without any artifice or pretense that he was with someone else. Loki wasn't his lover, and Stark knew it, knew that Rogers was hundreds of miles away and might as well have been farther since the man thought him dead. Loki questioned none of it openly. He let his hand curve to the back of Tony's neck and relaxed into the moment. He wanted to use his own tricks of seduction and his own preferences this time, nothing of trying to play at Rogers' dominance and straightforward passion. Loki let the hand not holding Stark's neck slid up beneath his shirt to trail delicately up the man's back.
True to his promise, Steve stayed by Tony's side all night and all through the next day. Night was already falling by the time Tony badgered the doctors into granting his release. It didn't hurt that he had Steve there promising to look after him and not let him overtax his healing body. If he'd had his own way, Steve would have insisted Tony stay in the hospital, but the place was depressing enough that he didn't want to stay himself. Instead he hovered by Tony's side, gathered his things, led him out to the car, and even sat next to him in the backseat on the drive home.
Given how good a stiff drink sounded, Coulson nodded. "I think for once we can forgo getting the Director's approval so long as we keep things from turning into a frat party. We all need to blow off some steam." He watched Clint uncertainly. He must have been imagining the way the man's eyes followed him, the way Clint stared. Because Clint didn't stare at him, he stared at Natasha. It was the way of the world.
"I'll be fine, Tony. I promise. I'm not leaving you." Steve kissed the man gently. "I love you... and you're going to teach me how to do this so I can help our friends, okay?"
Steve's breath caught at the teasing touch. "There's a slight chance you're terrible for my willpower," Steve agreed. He bit his lip and observed, "That doesn't mean I expect you to be up to doing anything for me, though. All evidence to the contrary, I can do waiting."
In the commotion, Coulson had managed to get to the shelves. He grabbed Steve's shield, flinging it in the man's general direction and knowing it would be caught or retrieved shortly. He wasn't a coward, but he wasn't stupid either. As probably the most physically fragile person present, giving himself as a target to Loki a second time would be an unforgivable distraction for the team. He caught sight of Bruce huddled in the corner and doing what looked to be deep breathing exercises. "We need you in there. This isn't a lot of space, but we've got Asgardian weapons in play now. Clint has one, and I don't know if he can handle it. We need to contain this."
"I think anyone who doesn't threaten to kill me every few minutes is a bit unstable, so I may be a poor judge," Loki allowed with the faintest trace of a smile. "Perhaps you're simply a good person. Those tend to confuse me." He shifted and looked almost uneasy. "I apologize for what happened. Well, I do and I don't. If I hadn't taken you to bed, I suppose we wouldn't be speaking now, but it was... it was the wrong thing to do." Whether the loneliness was overwhelming or not, it really didn't excuse the action. Stark was the first person since he realized the depth of his brother's indifference that Loki thought he might find a true ally in. An apology was the least he could offer. "We've broken even on secrets we can keep for one another, but I owe you something beyond that. It is a debt I'll find a way to pay."
Hulk scowled at Loki's name. "Puny god!" he growled, smacking a chunk out of the floor and giving everyone present a good reason to flinch.
Bow drawn, Clint was perched on top of the wall surrounding the grungy building, watching the two through the dingy little factory window. He'd counted seven total in the place: two inside with the new recruit, and five outside on patrol for cops. He wondered again at the wisdom of picking up a guy who had some sort of ties to another organization and seemed to be pissing off his captor pretty thoroughly, to boot. He could read the thug's face; it was a look that said he was ready to get rid of a liability just as soon as he could think of a way to justify shooting a potentially valuable captive. //A guy that can turn invisible can't even keep a bunch of idiot thugs from finding him... and Thor mocks me for not having powers.// Clint didn't need anything but instinct and long practice for what came next. The moment he'd been waiting for. The thug turned just right, glanced over his shoulder for just a split second too long, and he was on the floor with half the shaft of a carbon nanotube arrow sticking out of his forehead, the glass from the now-shattered window all around him.
"Oh, it would be very grim, indeed. The hammer twists the mind of any who are good at heart. Mjolnir would guard me from its witchery, though, so fear not."
"It could go really, really badly," Fitz agreed.
"Brilliant!" Simmons exclaimed with obvious excitement. It was a relief to hear that they were taking a firm step away from the idea of Tony wielding the weapon. "We're trying to find a way to mitigate the effects. That way even if you're the one wielding it... well, maybe you can get more than one shot it. We hate to put all our eggs in one basket, so to speak."
"Spending time around anyone is a risk. Not to downplay the situation," she added before Bruce could protest. "I know this is... unique, but... well, somehow I doubt this is the first date you've been on. Which means that you've probably been on one or two that led to a disaster of varying proportions. It doesn't always have to involve an alien invasion to go very, very badly. I prefer worrying less about what could go wrong and worrying more about the things that might go right." Though she wasn't quite sunny enough to be an optimist - Jemma wasn't sure anyone who really was could survive the Academy, let alone SHIELD - she tried. It was too easy to get caught up in the dark otherwise and forget why they did what they did. "I like you. You're probably one of the few people in the world, quite literally, with whom I can have an intellectual discussion as an equal. There are a lot of things that could go right."
Fury stared back and finally stepped aside to let the men into his office. "We have a potential target," he admitted, still watching the men warily. "But it's potential. The only info we really have comes from a man who's losing his damn mind."
Steve sat in stunned silent for a few moments before realizing he'd missed something very important. "Thank you."
Logan nodded. "Yeah. And I won't share the news, believe me. Just figured someone with a good head on their shoulders should know what was going on," he said, giving Nat's shoulder a squeeze. "See you later, darlin'."
He slipped quietly into the lab, smiling to see her and Fitz hunched over their monitors and chattering back and forth. "Working on the next big thing?" he asked, crossing his arms over his chest and smiling warmly.
Phil laughed aloud at that and hugged Clint a little tighter. "You're right. I... it isn't the decision I'd make today," Phil answered, "and not just because of us. I'm not ready to be over-share guy like Tony, but I think that it's safe to say I haven't done anybody any favors holding back so much." He stretched up to kiss Clint's cheek and couldn't resist nuzzling into his neck while he was there. Maybe it was a little silly, but he liked it. "I don't want the people who I'm closest to to not even know me."
Clint found himself relieved and disappointed all at once. "Fair enough," he said with a wink and a devilish smile. Unable to resist teasing the other man a little more, he leaned up and whispered in his ear, "I'd do it, though. Not for anyone, but for you? I'd suck you off right here in front of everyone." Clint might have been a bit of an exhibitionist, after all, but right there in broad daylight on a grassy hill at a concert would be ballsy even for him. Smirking to himself, the archer subsided, leaning against his lover and working to calm himself down enough to avoid poking Phil in the leg.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"Very," Scott agreed with a sigh. He found that the longer he was pressed up against Logan, the less he thought about just going to sleep when the time came. Scott couldn't help the way his hips stuttered against Logan's when his lover started stroking strong hands over his legs. Even with the bruises, it felt good. Logan's strength was still a thrill to him, a pleasant novelty that he was enjoying learning the ins and outs of. "Better with just the two of us."
Logan raised an eyebrow. "I have a feelin' this is gonna trump the 'me versus Stark' story. Or at least make it so I haveta wait until we're all out drinkin' to tell it."
Always one for dramatic timing, Steve chose that moment to step into the room. His step faltered at the grim looks on everyone's faces and the sound of his name. "Uh, told me what exactly?" Neither of the young SHIELD scientists would so much as look at him. They were stoically pretending to work on something at the back of the room. He was moderately certain the computer they were pretending to work on wasn't even turned on. "Okay, somebody's going to need to fill me in because I apparently missed something." He spotted the new schematic floating in the air and perked up a bit. "Is this a new design? Something to help us use the hammer?"
"What madness is this?" Thor burst into the room, striding over to Steve and glaring at the image displayed before him. He had witnessed torture before, but he had never seen the likes of this in Asgard. Stripping someone of their dignity and displaying it in such a way was revolting. "Those who took him shall pay. We will tear them asunder!" Thor's muscles bulged, and the thunder god looked fit to reach right through the screen and smash the figure intimidating Tony.
Scott gratefully took his seat next to Logan and laced their fingers together. He knew that he was being a little clingy, but he couldn't quite shake off the need to have Logan nearby after coming so close to losing the man. "So what kind of place are we going to?"
The woman drew herself up to full height and shook her head firmly. "Not doing it. I'm not without ego, but between the two of us, you're worth a lot more than I am."
"If anyone has to use it, it will be someone else," Coulson stated, leaving no room whatsoever for arguments in his tone. "You're done with it. The rest... the rest we'll figure out."
Tony nodded absently. "You ever wonder if there's a real serpent of Midgard? Because that sounds pretty damn terrifying."
Heimdall inclined his head. "You are most welcome, Fair Widow. Our prince has spoken highly of your skill. Now it is your hands to save him."
"No, but that doesn't make it less difficult to deal with, unfortunately. I think... at the moment, I think coping is the best it can be described as." Phil absently began stroking Clint's hair. In front of Natasha, he wasn't worried about holding back or being appropriate. "We'll get there. We're both going to do our shrink sessions, and it... horrible as it is, it helps having someone who understands."
Clint couldn't help but smile a little at that. He burrowed a little closer to Phil - if that was even possible - and pressed his lips to the man's throat. "I think I'll be alright with that, considering I don't think I'll be okay with us getting separated, either." He shifted, looking up at Phil before leaning in to press his lips to the other man's. He stopped a second later, though, brow furrowing. "It... it's okay, right? I mean, I know that..." Creed had certainly upended the idea of intimacy for him for a good while, but the mutant hadn't kissed him. A small mercy. Clint felt comfortable doing that much right then, and he was hoping Phil would feel the same, but he realized that all things considered it might be a bit much. "If it's too much, just tell me."
Reluctantly Natasha shifted away from Clint, alert despite bleary eyes and a desire to curl right back up. She followed Phil and Clint into the bedroom and managed to convince herself to kick off her shoes and peel away her jacket before crawling into bed, sandwiching Clint in the middle.
Logan knew better. He knew he didn't want to turn around, but instincts wouldn't let him ignore what he intellectually knew had to be going on on the dancefloor, and he turned to steal a glance back at his two new comrades just as their lips met. Logan's jaw clenched, and he had to resist the urge to bound across the way and pull the two apart. //And what business o' yours is it, anyway?// Still, he knew jealousy when he felt it. It was just the same as when he'd found out Scott and Jean were together. //Gettin' to be a pattern. Show up somewhere and start wantin' what ain't mine.//
Clint rumbled, nuzzling Nat's throat as he focused on his breathing and keeping his pace slow and deliberate. He wanted to fuck the woman with wild abandon, but he wanted the session to last even more. Either way, he wasn't going to do anything Nat hadn't given permission for. Drawing away from her throat, he pressed another kiss to the woman's lips, the contact hot and purely sexual at first. Without thinking about it, Clint eased up after a moment, and the kiss became almost tender before he remembered his place in their relationship. As if the tender contact hadn't happened, he pulled back and lightly tugged at Nat's full lower lip, bright blue eyes locked with hers. His lips parted with arousal even as hooded, intense eyes watched his lover, relishing the look of her so obviously turned on.
Clint managed a smile, though he still couldn't quite get comfortable with the idea. For one, he was pretty sure he didn't need anything that would reinforce his fixation on Nat. For another, he wasn't sure that fixation really existed anymore. Reminding himself he had a breakfast to make, he peeled himself away from Phil after he stole one more kiss. He tossed the bacon in the skillet, poking at it as he waited for it to cook. "How do you like your eggs?" he asked, catching the first pieces of toast as they popped up and quickly dropping them on a plate before adding a couple more.
Logan already felt a little more respect for Coulson. If the guy had confronted this whatever-he-was that had the Avengers nervous enough to go digging Logan out of the deepest crevices in Tokyo, he could stand up to a hell of a lot. "How does he expect anyone to take him seriously in that outfit?"
Clint couldn't help but chuckle faintly. "None taken," he said, then quirked an eyebrow. "I'm sure you've seen worse, though. Or did you just go get coffee for those parts when you were watching me?" //Why am I pursuing this line of conversation again? He tried to let me off the hook.// Clint might have been an exhibitionist at times, but it wasn't usually his 'thing' to make people uncomfortable. Still, he couldn't help but wonder just how much Coulson had seen. He was even tempted to ask what the man thought but decided that'd definitely be crossing a few lines.
"I am tired, my son. I would like to see your father. Go, see to your true duties." Frigga heels Thor fast for a moment and kissed him on each cheek. "We will speak on your return."
Logan didn't seem to hear the words, shifting to let his cock press against the other man's entrance a bit more insistently. As he did so, a small bottle of lube bounced off the side of his head.
Clint, obviously feeling the adrenaline, managed a grim smirk nonetheless. "That deer had it in for us."
Loki glared at the man more to soothe his own nerves than because he thought Tony could see well enough to appreciate it. "I suppose that's possible. Anything is possible." It would have soothed him more to strip Stark down and make full use of his newest acquisition. It hardly seemed sporting considering that they were both half dead. "Would it be safe to assume that you have no need to be restrained when any attempts to escape would mean their lives?"
Remembering that he'd distantly registered his phone going off earlier, Clint dug it out of his hip pocket as he pushed himself up off the floor. He did his best not to frown at the contents of the message. Nat was off with someone else tonight. The implications of the message sank in further, and Clint couldn't help his eyebrows raising a little in surprise. If the SUV was gone, that meant that Logan and Scott were likely with her. Clint wavered between being astonished at the idea of her talking those two into playing, not blaming her for taking the opportunity, and being a little annoyed because he was fairly sure she'd intentionally left him with Phil based on their discussion the night before. //Nat the matchmaker. Dammit.//
"Great." Logan scowled. "He's gonna be real forthcomin' with that information, considerin' we'd be plannin' to turn him into a pancake right after we got the answer."
Natasha let her smile broaden at the words, glad to hear that the pair were bonding. She supposed there was one other option, but given that she hadn't seen him all day, it sounded like a long shot. "What about the other one?" she asked, clarifying, "The tall one with the nice ass?" Of course Natasha remembered Darien's name, but that didn't mean she cared what it was. Unless Clint actually cared, it didn't matter. She wasn't likely to see him anywhere but passing by in the halls, which might prove awkward for Darien, but she didn't particularly care one way or another. Natasha wondered how Clint would take her casually equating his interactions with both men. For someone who'd known her for so long, sometimes it was surprisingly easy to pull Clint's strings.
"Fuckyes," Clint breathed, powerful hands gripping Darien's hips and guiding them in a slow rocking motion. The marksman stared into Darien's eyes, relishing the eagerness he saw there. His hands slid around to squeeze Darien's ass, then up to his waist as Clint leaned forward to lick and then none-too-gently nip at one of the man's nipples. Clint was testing the waters, but it almost seemed unnecessary. Darien seemed to be begging for all of Clint's aggressive, dominating tendencies, and the archer was more than glad to deliver.
"See? He's fine," Logan said as Tony started searching for some decent clothes.
When they got to what had formerly been Stark Tower, Logan started to stalk off, but froze when he heard Stark call for him. "What?"
The mutant was vigorous, obviously driven by sensation, and it thrilled Loki. He relished the contact, threw his head back wantonly as Victor worried at sensitive skin. "I like the way you take what you want." Hooking his legs behind Victor's back, Loki rolled his hips enticingly.
"Fair enough," Tony allowed, then lightly tapped the bracelets to one another. Liquid metal seemed to come from his very pores, starting at the bracelets and moving towards the arc reactor. It looked more or less like the last version he'd worn, if slightly more organic. Tony made a face like someone experiencing the sound of nails on a chalkboard as the suit closed up around his neck, forming the back of the helmet but leaving his face exposed. "That... that's a feeling that'll take some adjusting to." He gestured to the clouds below them. "After you, good sir."
Logan was pretty sure the look of horror on Thor's face was the worst thing he'd seen in recent memory. And that was saying something.
"Says you," Fitz countered as he settled back in at the keyboard. A minute later, his stomach rumbled, and he looked plaintively up at Simmons. "I don't suppose-"
Clint nodded slowly, reaching up to stroke rough fingertips over Phil's cheek, wiping away the tears. "It's a date, then," he said, daring a small smile in spite of his ragged-sounding voice. He leaned up and stole another chaste kiss. It was reassuring, familiar, and reminded him not at all of what had just happened to him. "Swear to god, if they let me out of here and tell me we have no way to kill Loki, I'm stealing that hammer and turning him into chunky salsa by myself."
Tony sighed. "I guess that means no sexy time for me. I gotta remember to teach these nanobots to stitch me back together." He looked to Steve with his best puppy eyes. "Seriously, you're gonna sneak me outta here, right? This sucks." He felt certain that the nurses were making too much of a fuss. It hadn't been that long since he'd spent weeks in the hospital over the Chitauri invasion, in spite of the fact he'd been able to get shwarma with the team right after. //Of course, the crazies from it might've had something to do with that one…//
Steve blushed furiously and rubbed at his neck. He'd looked at the marks wistfully while shaving, but the idea of covering them up really hadn't crossed his mind. For one, he wasn't bothered by them. For another he wouldn't have known where to start trying even if he'd wanted to. The only times he'd worn make up, it had been applied by harried-looking women before he was shoved onstage.
Banner allowed the faintest glimmer of green to flicker in his eyes before he offered an oddly restrained smirk. "Well, I find that spending time around you raises my tolerance for trolling; maybe we could start with that," he remarked as they climbed into their plane.
The words were enough to wrench a smile from Coulson. He knew Clint was attempting his own blunt-force way of being comforting. He might not mean it, but it was still nice to hear. Phil shook his head and smiled back at Clint, a genuine expression of gratitude for the attempt. "It's fine. I wanted her to be happy, and she is. Engaged, last I heard." By 'heard' he meant the last time he'd used SHIELD's resources to keep tabs on his former lover. "But thank you. It'll happen. Right time, right place, right person." He wasn't sure he believed it after so long, but it felt better to at least pretend than to admit defeat outright. Phil wasn't an optimist, but he wasn't a quitter either.
"...but you're about the only thing that can slow Loki down enough that I feel like we can hand Logan that evil raygun of Stark's and have a chance of shooting him."
"I can hear you." Logan glared across the room, then cocked his head irritably at Barton when the man looked surprised. "Mutation? Remember?"
Steve gasped and wondered whether there were security cameras in the room only to realize it was stupid to question it. Of course there were. Somewhere some SHIELD security guard was getting a show. He shrugged it off as being entirely unimportant when Tony's mouth felt so good. "Your mouth is beautiful," he half-whispered into the otherwise quiet room. Steve's thighs began to tremble. He ignored that too and kept his back pressed tightly against the wall for stability.
//She even tastes good,// Scott mused as he licked and sucked, working to exploit every advantage in his arsenal. There was no reason not to get Natasha off as often as possible. Given the way she was riding the waves with her hips, Scott suspected she wasn't going to hold out for long. He was good at paying attention to what she liked, and Natasha obviously didn't have any issue with moving herself to get just the right angle.
"To be fair, we talked about picking someone up... not picking up girls specifically." Steve let the comment lie and ordered a Coke from the bartender. Being attracted to both genders had been something to hide carefully once upon a time, but times had changed. He'd done his fair share of reading up on the situation, but seeing in practice men openly dancing together and having a good time was a whole other thing. It was nice, actually. He looked sideways at Logan and arched an eyebrow. "You've really only ever dated girls?" Tony had a point - given the man's longevity it seemed odd to think he'd never at least tried anything outside the box. //Of course he may just not remember it.//
"Fury said I wasn't allowed to design any. Something about not wanting rocket packs attached," Tony's voice came over his comm. He buzzed over the pair one more time - scanning the area for Loki - before settling next to Steve. He blasted off a split second later, though, as an elephant charged them, narrowly missing the pair. Settling back on the ground and watching the pachyderm disappear into the city, Tony winced inside his helmet. "Well, that's gonna ruin someone's day. I think Loki's been watching too much Jumanji." He knew Loki would likely show his face sooner than later but was surprised that the god wasn't already making an appearance. //You'd think me flying around all over the place would get his attention. Shiny, and all.// "You think he forgot us?"
*****
Logan turned away so Scott wouldn't see him blush faintly but nodded his agreement nonetheless. "Deal," he grunted, stretching and listening to his back pop. //Stark'd never let me live it down.// Logan quickly got up and started tugging on jeans and a white t-shirt. He paused. "Though, uh, they might ask some questions if you tell 'em you're stayin' and don't need a room o' your own." He shrugged. "Though I guess you don't really haveta tell 'em."
Scott held fast to the man even though he didn't need to. Logan could hold him up easily. The raw strength of him was overwhelming and shockingly arousing. Just the thought that he couldn't make Logan stop but that he still trusted the man implicitly to stop the second he asked was hotter than hell. Panting just thinking about it, Scott used the tiny bit of leverage he had to move while he raked his nails down Logan's back. "You feel so fucking good inside me," he groaned.
"Bruce?"
Steve was fishing in the nicest way possible. Tony, however, found himself unsure over how to answer. "I wouldn't say that's anything's wrong," he eventually replied. "Pepper and I... we decided that we needed a break, that's all." It amounted to a whole lot more than that. Pepper had noticed Tony's interests shifting, becoming more and more focused on Steve, and she had graciously decided to give him time to figure things out for himself. "It's nothing you need to worry that pretty head of yours over," Tony assured him.
Logan glanced at Steve. The tall blonde seemed unlikely to leave Tony, and Tony seemed unlikely to leave the bar anytime soon. Reluctantly, Logan climbed on a barstool a space down from Tony and told Danny to get him a beer, figuring he'd be marginally less likely to perforate Stark if Steve was sitting between them.
"Yep," Tony replied, staggering a little in the armor as he tried to track his opponent. The blue skinned woman had more or less completely slipped his mind as he tried to figure out the best way to extract Steve from the beast that was trying to kill him.
