"I'm going to be working all night. I'll be making some phone calls."
"So let me get this straight: you hope a woman was maimed and disfigured to send you a message?" John says as if he very much hopes that isn't the case.
"No, God forbid." Doctor Watson almost looks like he's going to smile. "If you need anything at all-"
Sherlock's pulse is strong and fast under his lips, and John feels Sherlock's other hand on his back a moment later, pulling him closer, encouraging. Then Sherlock's head tilts down and presses a tentative kiss into John's hair.
It was dizzying. It was impossible. John was in a vulnerable phase. He was the kind of person who needed bonds. In the army that role had been filled by his fellow soldiers - not the ones he slept with, but the ones whose backs he covered, the ones he protected, the ones he was willing to die for. His discharge had cut him off and set him adrift. He was simply seeking another place to fit in, another way of feeling connected and needed and supported. Sherlock was absolutely the wrong person for that. He knew that, and John would realise it soon enough. But until then, it was seductive, the idea of having John all to himself.
John inhales sharply and starts to speak again. His voice is steadier now, more upbeat. "Back when Mary was pregnant, I used to imagine, you know? What it would be like after the baby was born. And the funny thing is — I didn't realise this until later, but — I never thought about me and Mary doing things with her. It was always me taking her to your flat. I'd think about whether it would be better to try and navigate the Tube with the pram or if I was going to have to suffer the indignity of one of those kangaroo packs." He grins, looking down at the picture of Mary and Gloria.
"Is this--"
"You know you're a good kid, right, Tris? A great kid. The best."
I glanced down and lifted my hips against his to make my meaning clear: I wanted the hot wax there, on my most tender and intimate part. I wanted to know that searing sting, to surmount that Everest of agony, and I believed Holmes would not need much persuasion to inflict the treatment.
Sherlock and his parents exchanged a look, then all three burst out laughing.
"I could use a medical man at my side," Sherlock said, a plan already forming. "Would help immensely getting onto the crime scene."
Tristram's embarrassment abates somewhat, and he looks at her shyly. "Really? I missed some of the notes."
"Then don't. Don't, John. And I won't either." Sherlock's breath caught as he realised what he was really saying. His fear of failure, of doing something that would drive John away, made it a foregone conclusion. It provided him a pre-made excuse, and it also softened the disappointment because it gave him the minor compensatory satisfaction of having been right about something. But what if he expected things to go right? Or at least left open the honest possibility? Dangerous.
appalling," Moran said.
"Okay," he says. "I have to wait for my father."
"Why?" Sherlock asked suspiciously. Not that he expected her to tell the truth, but he might be able to discern her true motive from her answer.
"Hope you enjoy it," Lestrade's voice said from out on the stage, and then John sent the children out into the spotlight.
"I meant... me," Sherlock says quickly. "Me and Tristram... You don't have to-"
Sherlock curls on his side so his knees are pressed against John's leg and one hand is resting on his upper arm.
"With Tristram just now. She knew right away what was going on." Irene twirls the rack around slowly, perusing the selection.
"Screened, same problem."
This takes place sometime during chapter 15 and is for a prompt by Lorelei_Lee, who wanted the POV of one of the children.
"You call that aim, Holmes?" Doctor Watson calls to him.
Doctor Watson laughs. "In this country, yes. No idea if they have one right here in this town. But there are other places you can get a burger. Better burgers. Or whatever it is they serve here."
John laughs, tentatively at first, but soon he's clutching his side and guffawing. "Oh God, oh Jesus. That is brilliant. Why Irene though? She still has Tristram."
"I think it's considered 'in'. Plus, he's a really good dancer."
"Don't worry, I didn't follow you. I'm just as surprised to see you. Well, maybe not just as. I could have figured you'd be here." He shrugged, watching the performers giving a perfectly timed rendition of 'Silver Bells', in four-part harmony. "I wanted to see who this Moriarty was. God, they're really good."
John pulls the door most of the way shut and drags one of the two chairs in the room closer to the bed.
Tristram doesn't understand. Why should he lie down?
"Father!" he says into Father's shoulder. It should be embarrassing to be picked up like a little kid with his feet off the floor but it isn't. It's glorious, and Tristram never, ever wants Father to put him down. He's so happy he wants to jump and shout, but he also wants to burrow in closer, so that's what he does, somehow working his left arm in under Father's arm so he can grip his coat there. Father came to get him, he's really here, and nothing else in the world matters at this moment.
to have fun yet." He looked John over as if sizing him up and finding him lacking. Then without any warning, he lunged and snapped his teeth loudly, snarling.
1 garlic clove
"No, we'll be spared that at least. I'm barred from stag night."
"No, you-" Doctor Watson shakes his head, then continues more gently, "It's all right, Tris. I'm not upset. I suppose Emily told you I was iffy about it. But I trust your judgment. Chapter three, you say?"
Sherlock reached for the door handle and inclined his head in invitation. "You haven't eaten in several hours."
But now, as they're about to go, Tristram's father doesn't agree to Doctor Watson's suggestion that they come over again for dinner; instead, he says something entirely unexpected: "Next time you come to ours."
But then Father says, "That was a very pretty speech." Something in the way he says it gives Tristram the impression that it's not meant to be a compliment. Tristram's suddenly unsure about the truth value of anything Irene just said.
"Was there ever any doubt?" Sherlock said, smirking.
"Thought you wanted the couch..." John mumbles. He lies there for a few seconds, trying to decide whether to wake up more or fall back asleep. Finally, he pushes the quilt away and starts to get up.
"What did you come here for then, Sherlock? I'm not going to guess anymore." John sounded tired; resigned.
He straightens up and gives Tristram's father a meaningful look. "Sherlock, perhaps you'd like to say good-bye to your son and tell him you'll be back to collect him soon."
Doctor Watson takes it, and while he speaks briefly to his sister-in-law, Nisha leans out the open door of the ambulance.
Startled, John took a step back, holding his hands up in a conciliatory gesture. "I didn't know Greg would go to the press with it. I didn't think he'd tell anyone," John protested.
"I'll be here," John promised.
"Turn around," Sherlock said.
"I'm afraid I have little practice with this, Watson," he said. His voice was low and warm, but with an undercurrent of shyness that was most uncharacteristic. "The small amount I believe to know comes from some esoteric texts and scant few conversations with old practitioners."
Finally, John said, "Thanks." It sounded sincere enough.
There's a lot of snow. The area around the cable car station has been trampled down to a hard, thin layer of brown ice and sludge by all the people coming and going, but on either side of the path, undulating waves of white blanket the ground. It's like walking into a dreamland. Tristram's seen snow many times before, of course, but in the city it's broken up by cars and buildings and signposts. Here, it's just a vast stretch of white fading into the mist. Tristram leans down to scoop up a handful on his mitten. It's fluffy and gritty all at once. He tilts his hand to let it fall back to the ground in a crystalline shower.
"Doctor Watson," he corrects her, which makes Tristram look at him harder, because he sounds angry. Do they know each other? She called him by his first name, so that must mean she knows him, or at least has heard of him. Maybe Doctor Watson has heard of her too. Heard something he doesn't like.
John held up his hands, a bitter gesture. "No, no. By all means."
&&&&&&
It was somewhat unsettling for Sherlock to realise at that moment that, of course... John had a life outside of Sherlock... other friends, interests, family members. Other demands being put on him, other responsibilities. A whole new dimension of being in a relationship, one he hadn't considered previously, revealed its ominously gaping jaws. Well, John had had to deal with Mycroft and Moriarty because of Sherlock. He supposed it was - if not fair, then at least understandable - that he be placed in a position of socialising occasionally with Stamford... and his spawn. He shuddered. But at least it wasn't-
"Good thing or bad thing?" John asked, although from the smirk on his face he wasn't too worried about which way Sherlock's opinion would swing.
"Sorry, but what exactly is that supposed to mean?" John asked in that calm, dangerous way that gave Sherlock a little shiver of joy.
John searches Sherlock's face, worried, but then his expression softens and he nods slowly. "Okay."
"Raise your arm."
"I walked in on them when they were kissing at my grandmother's house and they stopped, and I don't think they want to anymore. Because of me. Because they think I don't want them to or something."
John just lay there with a confused expression, shirt rucked up, hair mussed, mouth puffy and red. "Where?"
The unpleasantness loosens. "I sometimes don't talk for days at a time," Sherlock offers.
John laughed, and Sherlock very nearly had to leave right then because that wasn't a sound he'd thought he'd hear again. And he wanted to hear it, he wanted to share it and be included in it, but he couldn't because he'd done something that John didn't approve of (so many rules, so many useless rules!) and John had unilaterally decided to take his laughter and his limp and his casual profanity and the little lines around his eyes and bugger off out of Sherlock's life.
"No, I mean how do you make it not happen in the first place?" Tristram is becoming more and more anxious as well as frustrated at not being able to make his meaning clear. Father would understand, probably without Tristram even saying anything. But then Tristram doesn't think he could talk to Father about this.
Tristram knows that's a promise. Just like he promised he'd track down the man who shot him, and he did. Mister Tonga's in jail now and won't ever be coming after them again. Tristram knows Father will protect him, just like he did at the airport. He made himself a target instead of Doctor Watson, Tristram, and Emily. Tristram has understood that now. Somehow, Father knew that Mister Tonga wouldn't shoot him. It's not clear how he knew that, but he did, and he was right. He'll be right this time too. He won't let the woman with the wild eyes and the words that mean more - or perhaps less - than she says, hurt him.
Mr Holmes's face lit up. "He always loved going to the dockyard. I don't think he's been there in ages. Not since he was quite small. He refused to go anymore once Mycroft left. I'm glad he took you."
"Tris, you're coming to my house after school!" Emily cries out as soon as she's within shouting distance.
So he did.)
He had rigged some combination of knots behind my back that allowed him to increase or decrease the force with which the ropes constricted my torso. As soon as I had arrived at an equilibrium in one state, he would loosen the bonds a notch, causing more blood to flow into the abused area and with it a fresh wave of sensitivity. No sooner had the throbbing begun to ease than he would pull back again, driving the bristles back into their old holes and making new ones. I was not allowed to be complacent, either, as I was made to continually report on the state of my circulation, respiration, and discomfort. I let my eyes fall shut and rocked back and forth on the rolling crests and troughs of sensation.
"Everything go all right?"
"Send me a picture, it might suggest the particular phrase to me." John chuckles then, not without genuine amusement. "God, I can't believe I'm asking for pictures of amputated fingers, much less looking forward to it." He tugs on Sherlock's wrist and steps in closer. "What has my life become." He says it wryly, but with something more meaningful underneath.
John huffed out a small laugh, but there was something strained in the way he said, "God, don't even joke about something like that."
"Here we are," the man said, cheerful, brisk, the voice of someone used to getting things done. Sherlock's entire body prickled at the sound. It couldn't be. Quick, purposeful steps on the ancient stone floor. But of course it was. The universe was just that cruel. "So, so good of you to come all the way out from the city." Same broad smile, newly receding hairline, a good two stone heavier although half of it was muscle, reaching out to shake the hand of the closest visitor (Molly), scanning the group, pleasant, bland. Stuttering, doing a double take and freezing as recognition settled in. Sherlock had gone through precisely the same process mere seconds earlier as the voice had triggered a cascade of drawers flying open in his mind palace, haphazardly tossing out sounds, smells, words, touches. Things he'd locked up years ago.
"There's no match on tonight," John points out.
Tristram nods, willing the lump in his throat away. Why does he feel so lonely all of a sudden? Father is going to be right there all night, close enough to see and hear as long as Tristram wants.
They go back out to the living room and John lets them order a movie in English from the pay-per-view channel. It looks kind of like the
Heat oven to 160 C / 325 F. Grease a round, deep 20cm tin, then line the base and sides with non-stick baking paper.
"No. Maybe my father has it."
He leads her through the living room by the light spilling out from the open bedroom door. Tristram and Emily don't stir.
"There's no such thing as a bogeyman," Tristram says firmly, repeating what Father said. It gives him more confidence to hear his voice forming the words. "Whoever it is, it's just a person. And I think my dad and your dad are still looking for him."
Emily kind of is, almost, like a sister, Tristram thinks to himself. He doesn't say anything, though, because it sounds like she thinks the shop assistant was pretty stupid to have made that mistake. But she said herself once that if their fathers got married, they'd be brother and sister. Not that their fathers have any such plans - John said they'd tell Tristram and Emily if they ever did - but if their fathers are boyfriends, what does that make Tristram and Emily? Brother-friend and sister-friend? Sibling-friends? It is kind of funny. Tristram giggles a little too.
But Lestrade was speaking over him again: "You don't even know when it is. And you will go, if I have to drag you there myself."
By the time he and Gladstone arrived back at the house, Sherlock had decided on a course of action regarding John Watson. He would allow him to help with the play (not that he had a choice in the matter, as Lestrade had made clear), but he would not let him interfere with school work, even if he had to accept John's presence in the classroom.
So she does, and Doctor Watson starts to read. Tristram is the kind of listener who follows along with his eyes if he has the text in front of him, so it doesn't take long before he's leaning closer in order to be able to see the page better. He likes the way Doctor Watson reads. He doesn't read too fast - not the way Father did, actually, that one time he read to them up in Tristram's room back home - and he does all the voices so well that Tristram can tell who's supposed to be talking even without the names. He's a little embarrassed to find, when the chapter draws to a close, that he's ended up with his head resting on Doctor Watson's shoulder and his cast lying on Doctor Watson's leg. It turns out that there's not actually anything in that chapter about the Triwizard Tournament and who's going to be the champion for Hogwarts, so Emily pleads with her father to read the next chapter too.
Watson turned to face me once my speech was done. His cheeks were pink, his eyes stormy. He placed his hands on my arms and stood chest to chest with me before his wife's grave, his face turned up to mine. "You fool," he said fiercely, and my heart both sang in tune with and shrank from the passion betrayed by his voice. "There is nothing that you cannot do for me. There is no one who can do more. Holmes.
"Your grandmother said lunch will be served in about twenty minutes," Doctor Watson says to Tristram. "Can the two of you find something to do until then? I'm going to find your father."
"It's okay," he says to Emily. "We're going to see my grandmother. You'll like it. She has a huge house and outbuildings and gardens. And a pond." Although it's too late for strawberries, and the water will be too cold for bathing.
After everything's wrapped up to go, the shop assistant picks up a small glass bowl from the counter next to the cash register. It's filled with a couple dozen little individually wrapped packets similar to the ones he and Emily found on the bed in Father and John's room at the hotel, although a bit smaller.
"I'll just start on lunch then, shall I, and you tell him he can ring down if he wants something before that."
"I won't hurt you," I warned him.
John licked his lips and looked up at the ceiling, thrusting his hands into his pockets. "The kids..." Then he shook his head and ran a hand over his face. "Stupid, stupid..."
"Yes," Sherlock breathed out. He took the opportunity to steal another kiss, and another, and even though Stamford was downstairs, one more. "Our bedroom."
"Oh John," she said, "would you mind terribly putting this back into the oven for me? Myc took it out but he's scuppered off somewhere."
Father extracts himself from the three of them and goes over to the couch. "And anyway," he says, flinging his coat open as he sits down, "it all worked out. Tonga is in custody, and they're currently running an analysis of samples taken from his hair at my request. They should show residue matching the ashes I found both at the flat across the street and an Llanbroc. That will place him at both scenes."
%%%%%
It is of a newborn infant cradled in someone's arms; John's, Sherlock realises immediately. The picture shows only his chest and arms, but his wedding ring is visible on the hand that's caressing the baby's — Gloria's — cheek. He is wearing a blue hospital smock, the kind they give you to toss on over your street clothes. It was an emergency C-section. They'd gone for a regular non-stress test in the thirty-first week and found Gloria was struggling. Her heart rate was erratic and dropping dangerously low. In the picture, she is wrapped in a yellow blanket with blue and pink stripes around the edges. All of the monitoring equipment has been removed. John's hand obscures half of her face, but Sherlock can still see that her skin tone is too grey, her body too limp.
Parents and children alike turned to see a man slowly stand up somewhere in the middle of the third row, clapping loudly and steadily. It was Moran. He stared down the looks of disbelief and disgust and clapped even more forcefully until, hesitantly, a few others began to join in. Soon the entire audience was applauding. Moran gestured for them to stand. Sherlock could only admire the choreography of this as well, for it was certainly planned down to the minutest detail, including the exact decibel level the applause should reach. He wondered whether the whole thing was, in fact, being staged for him. Moriarty had to have known he'd be there. It almost made him want to speak to him in person afterwards, but that was certainly what Moriarty wanted. No matter how Sherlock might try to hide his true opinion, Moriarty would know he'd won this round. Without his input, though, it was a win by default only. A hollow victory.
"Yes, fine," Father says and returns to his project. He says it in the way that means he knows he's won. Tristram wonders whether Doctor Watson knows that yet.
"Come in," Sherlock said, his voice rough, and raised himself on his elbows.
"Texts? I sent several of those."
Making decisions for him again, as if John's some mentally incompetent--
Message: No, not your fault at all! *rolleyes* I should have warned Greg to wear his bulletproof vest.
"Fishing," Sherlock said as he unfolded himself up out of his chair.
Sherlock had to look twice at the address of John's landlord to confirm whether it was Clarendon Management or Clarenden. This was absolutely unacceptable. He jerked his knee away.
"Yeah. She had-" John clears his throat, but his voice continues to come out raspy. "She had blue eyes. She never opened them on her own, but when they were evaluating her neurological status we could- They were blue."
That answers that question, then, to Tristram's relief. But Emily's not satisfied.
"Give it to me." Sherlock stuck his hand out. He was curious, that was all. It was certain to be more drivel about cool towns and sparkly stars and being blinded by love.
If you haven't seen the DIY marriage proposal, it is really cute and it's here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4HpWQmEXrM
Emily nods. "I try not to think about it, but I do sometimes. It didn't hurt her, did it?"
Sherlock became irritated, his good mood slipping away, which made him even more annoyed. John was supposed to be making him feel better, not turning the screws.
"Ready, Em?" Doctor Watson asks, rubbing his hands together.
"You could come in," he blurted out, only realising a split second after the words had fallen out of his mouth what that sounded like, which was terribly awkward as he hadn't been thinking of sex at all. In fact, the sheets were still unchanged and the jars of mud were still cluttering the kitchen counters. Although he had cleaned up the blood in the bathroom. "You know, we don't-" he started to explain, but that was even more awkward, so he went back to his first statement. "You could come in," he repeated, firmer this time. Without waiting for an answer, he turned and whisked the keys out of his pocket.
He's half dragging Tristram through the room. Tristram twists against him, but he can't put up much resistance with one arm, and anyway Father's hopelessly stronger. Tristram finds himself deposited in one of the armchairs. Father crouches down in front of him, his eyes bright and intense.
Sherlock took it, this time feeling the warm, solid grip against his skin. The contact seemed to travel right up his arm and into his chest, where it gave his heart a little jolt. Sherlock pressed John's hand firmly, once, twice, envisioned all in a flash sliding his hand further up, along the inside of John's wrist, inside his sleeve, feeling the hairs on his arm- He let go. His heart continued to jump. He found he was watching John's mouth.
"My dad says I can go, too," Tristram says shyly.
"You don't have to here, either. I mean, there are lots more rooms. I can ask my grandmother to open up one of the other ones for you. Or you could sleep in my room."
"I'm er... sorry about last night," he offered, trying to sound hesitant and standoffish, as he imagined he'd sound if he really had meant what he said and were actually sorry for having taken liberties. It wasn't a huge stretch.
The bedroom was dark, but John knew the way. He nudged Sherlock to get into bed first because Sherlock favoured sleeping on his left side. He had to let go of his hand so they could get in, and surely he was imagining Sherlock drawing out the contact until the last possible second. The sheets were still warm. John pulled the covers over them and settled on his back, one hand behind his head and his heart in his throat. Sherlock was a dark heap beside him. Like a black hole, a gravitational sink, an unknown entity that drew all of John's focus, all of his attention, all of his energy toward it.
Clearly, Sherlock was not applying himself enough to giving head if John was still able to giggle. He intensified his efforts and was rewarded within moments by a muttered curse and gasping breath.
"Come in," Doctor Watson's voice says after a moment, muffled through the door.
"Because it didn't feel like a miscalculation to me. It felt like the goddamn first time you've been honest with me since you've been back. Maybe the first time full stop."
"I think you spend an awful lot of time thinking about Sherlock Holmes' sex life," she said bluntly.
John rolled his eyes, turned, and disappeared amongst the other pedestrians.
"And erm," he said, his heart pounding in his ears, "my father's not dead."
%%%%%%
John stared at Sherlock, then looked down at the table. His mouth was a thin line, his jaw clenched.
Sherlock was so pleased he didn't even mind the twinge of excitement in his belly. Although he did grumble at the shorthand. He changed course at the next intersection and picked up his pace. He had no thought of what he would say, or what they would do. He was simply - and disconcertingly - happy that John was still willing to meet him.
"Yeah," John said, chuckling. "I kind of get that."
There are only four bedrooms on this floor of this wing: Grandmother's suite (bedroom, sitting room, and bath); Father's and Uncle Mycroft's old rooms (which probably originally comprised another suite, as they share a common bath); and the guest room that he always uses when he stays. Father's room is most likely reserved for him, although it's doubtful he's actually in it. Therefore, it would make sense if Doctor Watson and Emily were in Uncle Mycroft's old room. Or maybe Grandmother had a room in the other wing of the house opened and made up for one or the other of them.
"No, we didn't, John. I shouldn't have a problem with any of this." He gestured expansively with the hand holding the violin. "I should be glad you have someone to do all those pointless, normal couple things with," he spat out. "It shouldn't matter to me whether you're down at the pub with Stamford or having sex with some woman, because I know you'll always come when I ask you to regardless. And I should really not feel like I've been stabbed in the chest and kicked in the gut when you tell her how good she is at fellatio with that hormonal look on your face, or when you rave about how much you like watching her get off with you, or when you hold her and kiss her after climaxing inside her."
this was a terrible idea."
But then it turned out John had got himself a mustache and a fiancée and a prospect of a partnership in a thriving practise, and that Sherlock was completely, utterly superfluous. Not integral to John's life. To his happiness.
"Good morning. You must be John," the woman says to Emily's father. Her voice is rich and dark and reminds Tristram of Uncle Mycroft's assistant, especially the way there are things in there that she's not saying but means even more than the words. Something prickles in Tristram at the tone.
John exhales hard and presses his lips together. "Probably, yes. But I sure as hell wouldn't have brought my daughter along." He jabs a finger in the direction of the room where the children are sleeping.
Sherlock had known not to trust the peace. "I already said there's nothing to tell."
She’s not always right, though. Not exactly. She often finds herself throwing too much into something, overextending herself, letting herself fly, blinded by her own intelligence. The name of the street sticks to her, the pain of misunderstanding hitting her like a knife. Jane bumps her hip against hers and Sherlock finds herself leaning into the touch. She curls her arm around the crook of Jane’s elbow then, letting it rest there. She's too tired to care to move it.
“It’s a crazy thing, isn’t it?” Sherlock asks, sitting down on the couch’s arm in front of Jane’s vantage point near the window. “The way it shines? The way it glimmers?”
They were several cases deep into their partnership now, Jane’s presence becoming more comforting than distracting. Sherlock absentmindedly reaches for Jane’s hand in the dark alleyway for reassurance several streets away from 221B during the winter. She could hear Jane’s heavy breathing slow with their rest, puffs of frozen condensation creeping into her periphery. She turned to tell Jane the rest of her plan, but was distracted by the way Jane’s eyes were bright with exercise and something else.
Jane was also incredibly accommodating; always taking her notebook, her pencil, and her eraser upstairs to her room. She took a quick look at Lestrade when she gathered her things on the living room table.
The dark brown of Jane’s skin. The darker shades of brown in her 4C hair, the shades of grey from aging and stress standing out almost brilliantly, framing her face. Jane’s wide light brown eyes are so open, so warm, and entirely focused on her. Sherlock reaches out, flexing her bandaged fingers until they are resting lightly on Jane’s wide shoulders. Soft, brown hair brushed against her knuckles. Jane's lips quirk unhappily before she places two fingers above Sherlock's left Carotid artery, turning her wrist towards her so she can count her pulse with her watch. (Those practiced fingers! Such bedside manners! The genuine concern for her safety!)
The clients who come to see her, the reviewers on the graphic novel and short comics, are wondering at her ability, but there are also many who are quick to jump on the conclusion that she’s lying, that’s she’s faking it until she somehow stumbles on the right path. She’s either brilliant, or a fraud. Too overwhelming or too strange. The mad genius, or the strange misanthropist that knows how bruises form after death but doesn’t know the third planet in their solar system. It doesn’t particularly bother her much. Jane knows who she really is. Lestrade knows. Her clients know. But there’s always a little hitch.
Jane was a conductor of light, even if often wrong. Sherlock’s happier than she had ever been, quite content with her life at the moment, she thinks, as she collapses on the couch. Jane follows, giggling into her hands, collapsing in her favorite chair as Sherlock is trying to catch her breath.
That her presence wasn't just something in the background, something irritating and difficult to put with; rather, her violin was becoming part of Jane's comfort within 221B. It was a nice change that Sherlock was sure she would never relay. But nice all the same.
The lit cigarette burns between her lips as she watches Jane meticulously sharpen her pencil after dinner, boredom beginning to creep up her spine. She watches as Jane sketches up the first draft of the Baskerville case, failing to make the Hound appear anything close to Henrietta Baskerville’s worst nightmare.
in my ear,” Despite herself she sniffs. There’s movement in her periphery, and Sherlock turns to look down at her arm around Jane’s. “I shall be infinitely obliged to you.”
It’s such a small statement, and yet it stands out in Sherlock’s mind. Jane’s surprise and admiration is plain on her face, and Sherlock blushes despite herself. Often, she was met with anger or dismissal. People have speculated that she was making assumptions out of thin air. Sexist men accused her of being nosy, of interviewing others before hand and presented this prior knowledge in such a way to appear more intelligent than she actually is. It's the old psychic trick, a man told her once with a smirk. A simple cold reading. He quickly left her alone when she threatened him for cat-fishing his own step daughter. Still, the accusations sting a little.
It’s only when she catches Jane holding Senator Morcar’s blue carbuncle up towards the light is Sherlock confident enough to breach the topic. Jane let out a little breath as if she doesn’t believe what she’s seeing.
“Jane,” she starts softly. There are so many things that have gone wrong that day. The distraction of their early morning walk, the summer heat hitting her skin wonderfully. She wanted a case but the look on Jane’s brown skin when it hit the sunlight was almost enough for her to forget herself. She didn’t mind being pulled away for a mystery, of course, but she found herself wanting to stay outside as well, rediscovering Spring after the muteness of winter. There was a lot to discover, the anticipation exciting, but now the mood was somber. Her shorts were bothering her, her hair a scraggly bun tied against the nape of her neck. She wants something but she’s not sure what, exactly. She wants to be prepared next time. She wants to not disappoint people in the future. She wants a lot of things, but when Jane pats her hand, turning to look up at Sherlock, she knows what she wants most in that moment is for Jane to remember that Sherlock is just human, to not be disappointed in that fact.
As if terribly bored with his fathers’ attention the little one scrunches his face and yawns widely before settling in to sleep, and they both smile in exuberant awe.
When the car shuttling the three of them away from Heathrow pulls up in front of Mycroft’s own townhome in Queen Anne’s Gate, Sherlock is momentarily surprised. Then, with a wince, he recalls the necessity for Mycroft to minimise the knowledge of his brother’s involvement in the situation as much as possible. When Mycroft shows them to the formal dining room, Sherlock plants himself in one of the armchairs by the fireplace to lick his wounds.
Once Sherlock sets the bow back against the strings, he finds himself playing a soothing Brahms sonata, rather than his earlier cat-scratch.
Instantly relieved of his illogical paranoia by John’s departure, Sherlock immediately resumes pacing in front of the fireplace as he begins to recount the details of the case from the very start. Rather than showing interest, she frowns up at him in confusion and cuts him off.
” The Duke thunders apoplectically, whilst the older gentleman to his right sputters.
beautiful woman. Despite her prick, she’s everything else that’s always turned John’s head. And he’d certainly demonstrated a decided
“I figured it was some kind of a fashion statement.”
“Right,” John says, his expression more warm and open than Sherlock’s ever seen it. “Well, I’m going to, uh…” He waves a hand over himself then rises from the couch, carefully wrapping the afghan around his waist as he does, and begins collecting the rumpled clothing scattered over the floor and coffee table. “And then, tea?”
reason he invented it was because of Sherlock.
John's already waiting when he reaches the third floor meeting room that Lestrade has commandeered for them, sifting through a veritable mountain of evidence for to their latest case, while cheerfully arguing with the DI about some bloke named Gary Owen — possibly a rugby player of some sort from the sounds of it. Sherlock stops in the doorway to catch his breath (another humiliating recent development that's accompanied Hamish's growth), and discreetly knead at his back where the persistent twinge still plagues him. The last thing he needs is John fretting over another simple, if unpleasant, episode of Braxton Hicks.
“Text me when everything is in place!” He tosses back over his shoulder, looping his scarf about his neck as he swoops away, before either of them can question him any further.
“Harry and me don’t get on; haven't in… a long time. Clara and Harry split up three months ago and they’re getting a divorce; and Harry
result of their union.
certainly not a concern on that front.” He winds his limbs around John in his best imitation of a cephalopod, pressing their sweat-damp bodies together enticingly. “You’re welcome to go and retrieve them later, but for now, I’d prefer it if we moved swiftly along toward the penetrative portion of the evening without further interruption. Before I-” he grinds their hips together pointedly making them both gasp. “- lose my mind.”
sake of it. None of that simpering delicacy, or the incessant desire to
“It was dark and scary…”
rage above him, however, is only adding fuel to the fire currently slithering through his veins. His inner Omega wants nothing more than to arch backward and offer his throat in submission. He quashes the impulse fiercely, refusing to give in to his base instincts, and instead tilts his chin up haughtily.
without giving it at least
As predicted, the trip to the chemists is exasperating in the extreme, but with his ire preemptively stoked, delivering a thorough tongue-lashing serves more as a release than a chore. Regardless, the endeavour leaves him feeling drained, and by the time he finally arrives at New Scotland Yard the idea of installing himself in one of the plush conference room chairs for the rest of the afternoon is unquestionably inviting. Though he’d sooner gnaw his own hand off than admit as much to Mycroft, the creep of exhaustion
“I wouldn’t
"Bit of trouble too, I bet," Sherlock surmises casually, cocking his head to the side.
Apparently there’s only one female Beta cabbie in all of Central London, if the age that he’s been waiting is anything to go by. If the bloody taxi doesn’t arrive soon, one of Mycroft’s black sedans will, complete with some besuited lackeys ready to spirit him off to his brother— with or without his consent. Given the location and angle of the CCTV camera, he has one more confrontation with fellow pedestrians before Mycroft knows the exact nature of the muddle he’s unintentionally landed himself in this time.
Watson now, isn’t it?” She casts a worried look toward his cane. “Surely you shouldn’t be out on your feet just yet! I had heard you were quite grievously injured.’
unhurriedly. In an effort to keep himself from climbing the walls, Sherlock wanders the edges of the room. He examines the contents of the shelves
Well, he has
procurement.
“Yeah, guess I am,” John concedes agreeably. He watches the road for few minutes, then asks, “How did you know that?”
of yours,” Mycroft sneers, waving his fingers disdainfully at the flat in general, “is one thing Sherlock— but you can’t
Sherlock explores John’s body curiously, no inch of flesh escaping his perusal. When he divests John of his shirt, his attention is immediately captured by John’s bullet wound.
Behind the mask, their eyes drop pointedly to the simple eye mask he clutches in his own hand. Despite the obstruction of their features, he knows with a bone-deep certainty that they’ve raised one brow.
As John stares up at the beautiful creature above him, with those cat-like eyes glinting mischievously in the candlelight — his husband — he thinks that it feels like nothing so much as the truth.
Moreover, he’s most definitely panicking over the belated realization of just how massively he’d overstepped his social bounds with those two days.
“That’s it,” John encourages, massaging Sherlock’s quivering thighs and the curve of his hips as the Omega rides him. “There you go, just like that, love. Work yourself on my cock for me.”
Sherlock presses close to the side of the skip without hesitation, reaching up to steady John as he fairly tumbles over the edge into Sherlock’s grasp. He’s sporting what will certainly be an impressive bruise along the side of his face come morning, and a good-sized gash along the side of one arm, but he’s otherwise none the worse for wear. He blinks up at Sherlock bleary-eyed and sways unsteadily, clearly still coming to.
“Next week? To nice Molly?” John queries in surprise. The corners of his mouth twitch upward in a slightly skeptical smile. “Sure you're going through with that?”
“Okay, tell me: how was he murdered?” Irene prompts, settling back against the sofa.
“Bloody hell,” Lestrade exclaims when he appears in their doorway one morning after breakfast. “Did that appear overnight?”
His Omega settles happily inside of him with a pleased huff, and he gives it a perfunctory roll of his eyes, before neatly pushing the entire affair aside in his mind and refocusing on the case at hand.
Do they practice that in medical school? Possibly they chant, in unison, the most abjectly mortifying queries known to humanity, crescendoing until they finally reach a sort of nirvana of shamelessness. Seems unlikely. But maybe.
“You,” Sherlock pants encouragingly, slouching down to give John better access, “can do anything you’d like with me.” He fumbles blindly behind himself to open the door without interrupting the especially delightful thing that John is doing with his tongue.
“And this morning? His Omega was kidnapped.”
to demand a sample from the Alpha captured on film climbing through the expectant Omega’s window.”
Sherlock hums agreeably and resumes poking at his own breakfast with a good degree less enthusiasm. He ruminates on the one glaring issue he has with John’s plans, and for the first time considers the merit of simply being honest with John about it. It’s seemed to be… surprisingly less disastrous than expected thus far. He carefully swallows his mouthful of egg and quickly speaks before he can think better of it.
you’ve noticed that my living situation and lifestyle is remarkably unusual as compared to most Omegas“
, what John had done.
The trip to the hospital is markedly quicker by panda car, lights flashing despite John’s assurance that there’s really no need — that it’s a perfectly normal stage of labour at which to depart for the hospital, dramatic realization or no. Sherlock doesn’t feel entirely convinced, given the truly startling amount of discomfort.
“I’m sorry pet, it’s a rather ugly sight,” John covers the gnarled scar tissue with his palm. Sherlock tugs it away impatiently.
uch later he marvels over the evening’s events in wonderment as he rides back to his rooms in the Duke’s own curricle.
Or so he discovers when he informs the man that he hasn’t a clue what the code is.
John quirks a rueful smile.
“I was just talking to him,” he insists with a frown.
“Positionofthecar—” He stutters, and they immediately snap to face him with startled frowns. He clears his throat in embarrassment and tries again. “The position of the car relative to the hiker at the time of the backfire. That and the fact that the death blow was to the back of the head. That’s all you need to know.”
“I would have you right here, on this desk, until you begged for mercy, twice.” She informs him intensely as she stares up at him, not moving her eyes from his for a movement. Sherlock stares back at her without response, his expression completely unreadable.
“Very good, John,” he commends with a smile. “Excellent plan, with intelligent precautions,” he adds as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the cameraphone in question.
“First night? Wow!” A song begins playing that everyone seems terribly enthused about, and John clutches at his forearm cheerfully. “Let’s dance to this!”
preposterous notion.
The party goes about as well as can be expected; he manages to reign himself in and only snub John’s girlfriend
“Pictures, information,” Irene shrugs, “anything I might find useful.”
Sherlock purses his lips, and presses his fingertips against them as he thinks back on the decision.
,” Sherlock allows. “I just…”
that Sarah requested John attend when another Doctor had reneged at the last moment
it take root in him, spreading through his veins like high.
If he doesn’t manage to drift off to sleep until he hears Sherlock’s lone footsteps returning late in the night, that’s no one’s business but his own.
“You...
“Oh shut up. It’s quick.” Sherlock grins down at him, and his stomach flutters pleasantly at the the answering smile that John tries, but fails, to suppress.
not to press it, really, but he can hardly stand by as a doctor and allow Sherlock to neglect his health
He makes his way back to Baker Street in a daze, finding himself on the doorstep of 221B without really recalling how he'd arrived there. When he spots the signs of Mrs. Hudson’s rough handling it snaps him out of his fugue instantly.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide in realization, and he pulls off with a smack of his lips, swiping a hand over his chin to wipe off the saliva. “Sorry, I didn’t realize you were -”
“It’s a boy,” John announces proudly as he brandishes the glossy little square.
“Yeah,” John breaths against his neck, his hair brushing the underside of Sherlock’s jaw as he gives a minute nod. He works the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt open with a single-minded focus, pushing the fabric aside to thumb a tightly-furled nipple. “And this.”
"He gave the phone to you; that says he wants you to stay in touch. Maybe you liked his wife; maybe you
John; it’s ultimate, ever-evolving experiment! We’ll be able to document, first-hand, the effects of genetic disposition versus the learned behaviours, and
. He shares an amusing story from his last shift at the surgery, then listens with a bright smile and burble of laughter as Sherlock recounts a related tale from one of his early cases, involving the dangers of mixing erectile dysfunction pharmaceuticals with recreational drugs.
Sherlock snorts. “It’ll be
He’d entirely forgotten the purpose of his attending this ball to begin with.
less uptight than they used to be. And two, this is a party town. No one's judging. Face it. If they were staring, it's because I’m fit.” He runs a hand jokingly down along his flat abdomen while grinning rakishly.
. Very, very close; but no.” Then, with a brush of his hands over his knees, he rises from his seat to tear her world apart.
Par for the course. So long as Sherlock pays him minimum mind, John’s grousing will subside relatively quickly. John merely takes a sort of inexplicable pleasure in voicing his complaints more than anything else.
“That's fine
grown almost instantly aroused.
“Why?” He finds himself asking aloud, as if she might have the answers for him.
“What that Alpha said, about you running after me
, he sniffs imperiously at his Omega,
about the blonde, despite the fact there’s really nothing in particular about him that should draw the eye.
John remains quiet for a moment, clearly weighing the risk versus reward of probing further, now that the perfect opportunity has presented itself. From the corner of his eye, Sherlock watches as John bites his lip, then hazards the leap.
For all their camaraderie, there is one subject that they never address directly: the profound divide between their circumstances. They only ever come close the once, owing to the Lord and Lady Stamford’s ability to host an exceptionally diverting rout.
“Truth is stranger than fiction.” John volunteers in turn with a cheeky grin, and Lestrade groans anew at the platitude.
Mrs. Hudson insists on whipping them up an impromptu late-night meal, and Sherlock happily takes advantage of the current calm of his stomach to heartily partake of it. Once the meal is devoured and the dishes cleared away, they bid Mrs. Hudson goodnight and leave her to her nightly herbal soother.
“You needn’t hang about and wait on me hand and foot,” he grumbles around the bit of candied ginger still melting on his tongue. “I’m not an invalid.”
“It’s hardly as if I popped out of the ether,” Sherlock frowns, glancing behind himself as if to confirm. “I went to my room, spent several minutes there, and then summarily returned through the very doorway that I left through.” John levels him with an unimpressed stare, then takes his hand and unceremoniously drops the frosty bag of produce into it.
“Explosive,” Irene confirms. “It’s more me.”
. “I heard you, don’t bother denying it. You need something in you before we leave the flat, or you’re going to collapse. Doctor’s orders.”
, his knot shoving past the slight resistance, throbbing as it swells to completion. The ring of muscle clamps down around it, squeezing and holding it snugly in place. As John’s cock twitches in release, he bares his teeth against the taut skin of Sherlock's neck and, for an instant, Sherlock's sure that John’s about to bite him. He doesn’t of course— and even the
, while she may be an Alpha, is most certainly
“Why? You said there wasn’t any concern regarding…
” His eyes widen almost comically as he catches himself, cutting off abruptly as he nearly hyperventilates. Before John can even coach him through it, he brings his fingers up to press against his temples, and begins to try and moderate his breathing.
“All the more reason,” John smiles back at him alluringly.
“Aren’t we though? Best friends, faffing about, sharing secrets in the dark?”
It’s been precisely nine and a half days since he began bypassing the blister packet in the medicine cabinet during his morning ablutions. The few days were wholly unremarkable, but he can no longer deny the flush and agitation that's been steadily overtaking his anatomy since. His sense of smell and touch have been subtly, but obviously enhanced; scents and sensations suddenly more complex and detailed than they ever have before. It’s been surprisingly marvellous for the Work, all things considered, offering up entirely new streams of data that he’s never had access to before. In terms of sheer amplification, it’s better than even cocaine.
As Sherlock carefully raises his hands up against his curls, he swallows against the sudden tightness in his throat.
“Ah shit. I forgot… Yeah, sorry Sherlock, but —” he exchanges a tense look with John “— you're going to have to sit this one out.”
“Mm, I know. And thank God for that,” John chuckles, giving the soft skin beneath his mouth a nuzzle before he tilts his head to grin cheekily up at Sherlock. “I’d rather not imagine that it could hear us carrying on the last hour or so.”
but that's
Three days later and Sherlock’s identified their suspect, his motivation, and his modus operandi. Timothy Beckett, a thirty-six year old, homosexual beta, raised by a bitter single mother to harbour a pathological resentment of alphas, following his alpha father’s desertion. Clandestine penchant for picking up submissive alphas at seedy underground bars for violent and degrading sadomasochistic sex.
Sherlock cries out, body spasming as he reaches completion. Inside him, John’s member throbs as the snug passage constricts rhythmically around it. With a deep breath, John drives forward one last time, pushing the engorged knot at the base of his cock past the muscular ring of Sherlock’s entrance, locking their bodies together. He bares his teeth and bites; sinking them into the pale expanse of Sherlock’s neck and moaning brokenly as pulse after pulse wracks his body.
John raises his brows in surprise.
“I most definitely did
Sherlock blinks awake with the unsettling awareness that something is different, but it takes him a moment to identify the change.
And hardly true. If it
Finally, a question he can answer without overthinking.
” He gasps in pleased surprise, leaning his forehead against Sherlock’s milky thigh to watch his fingers work. “Does that feel good?”
the help of his gift, but that’s easier said than done when you’re a winder. People with simpler gifts often bemoan their relative uselessness, but they’ve never tried to live in the shadow of an exceptional one. Look at bloody Leonardo for chrissakes—
There’d been a good week of awkward tension, but they’d thankfully managed to fumble their way back to their usual camaraderie without much fuss. Which isn’t to say that John hasn’t been struggling with that dark, unwelcome Alpha part of his mind, and it’s recurring insistence that Sherlock is
“What?” John blinks, looking more than slightly befuddled. It’s achingly attractive, despite the fact it has no reason to be. “No. I just meant- Um...” He trails off again, blushing deep scarlet and biting his lip. He reaches out to cup his hand against Sherlock’s face, and brushes a thumb gently over the arch of his cheekbone. The gesture sends a bolt of lust straight to Sherlock's groin. “Maybe… we should just- be a little less clinical about it? We could undress together, and maybe I could… kiss you?”
“I’m a doctor,” John laughs, stroking Sherlock's hand reassuringly all the while. “He hasn’t been shot, he's just having a baby. Nothing to panic about.”
Adler?” He prompts.
(See the end of the chapter for
Next to him on the bed, his mobile sighs orgasmically and he picks it up to read the message.
“She’s… she’s staying at my flat,” he admits, eyes trained dully on the rug. "In The Landmark."
“Well, that’s that cat out of the bag then,” John sighs, running a hand sheepishly through his sweaty hair.
“You thought I’d leave so that you’d…” The blood drains from John’s face as he trails off in realization. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut again, finding even the
Alpha. He’s never felt quite like this
“Oh,” John frowns, hesitating slightly before he haltingly continues. “You’ve not talked much
Unshowered and clad in his rumpled clothes from three days ago, he feels a startling wave of self-consciousness that he hasn’t around Sherlock since they’d first met.
“What,” Sherlock pants, raising his head in confusion from the pillow at the non-sequitur. He blinks down at John’s mouth, and it’s torturously close proximity to his cock, dumbfounded.
He can’t bring himself to say it.
“Shot in the dark,” Sherlock confesses, “- good one though. You didn’t hesitate to buy me a drink, or to enjoy a few of your own, but you were careful not to drink enough to tip over into drunkenness, and you pulled a face whenever anyone who
“That’s right gorgeous,” John hums approvingly, and slides his hand up Sherlock’s thigh as he manages a particularly deep roll of his hips, wrapping steady doctor’s fingers around Sherlock’s straining erection. “You’re doing marvellous.”
"Like that?" John questions a touch breathlessly, their bodies slapping together lewdly as he thrusts.
Between the adrenaline of watching John's scuffle with a killer, and the time that’s passed since he last applied it, his neutralizer is well on its way to wearing off. And no one would assume a pregnant omega might be unbonded when they’re out in the company of an alpha. Between that and him being all bundled up the way he is, scarf disguising his lack of a bondbite, there’s nothing else to disabuse her of the notion.
They’re the same sheets that he and John had shared his heat in. He’d found them shoved into the deepest reaches of the upstairs cupboard while searching for an old disguise of his last week, and surreptitiously smuggled them down to slip back onto his bed. John had clearly tried laundering them repeatedly, but nothing
Admittedly, it
“I’ve been asking this one,” the Alpha gestures to Mrs. Hudson with the muzzle of his gun. “She doesn’t seem to know anything.” Sherlock’s eyes catch on a tear on the shoulder of her cardigan as the man continues, then the small cut on her cheek. He flicks his eyes to the ring on the Alpha’s gun hand, and the droplet of blood still congealing in the setting. He stares at it, feeling the slow roil of rage inside of him as the man continues. “But you know what I’m asking for, don’t you, Mr Holmes?”
Well,
“No, don’t do that!” She protests, grabbing his arm insistently, “just -”
No; thankfully he'd moved the container of dermestid beetles into the kitchen the day before last; after John had pitched a fit over discovering them atop the stack of books next to his chair, when they’d popped home for a mid-case kip and change of clothes.
The biggest commitment there is, really. It means taking extra precautions in the Work,
at least. It's far too garish and heavy-handed when John's not caused actual
“So what were we doing there?” John questions, trying to ignore the way his heart picks up speed in his chest.
Even for those piteous young alphas and betas he’d treated, that sort of lifestyle had been rife with dangers. His stomach turns as he considers the risks that Sherlock had subjected himself to; the things that easily could have happened to a young
“Oh thank christ, give me a hand getting him out of here, will you?”
She beams at him approvingly and snaps her fan shut, jauntily tapping his arm with it.
He hadn’t realized it at the time, but in hindsight, her visit had perfectly aligned with Sherlock’s cycle. If he’d neglected to resume his suppressants after the heat he’d spent with John, as he obviously
John freezes for heartbeat, caught up in the sheer pleasure of it, then reaches between them and gently pushes Sherlock away.
growing inside of Sherlock; one that’s a combination of the both of them is absolutely… well, he never knew that was something he wanted, but now that it’s happening he wants it so much it’s a little terrifying.
Then his brain comes properly back online, hazy recollections of the evening past filtering through, and he freezes.
.” He clarifies sharply, snapping himself out of his daze, and wrinkles his nose in distaste. “The other bit. We’re not having a ‘
“I told you that I made my choice Sherlock.”
“What does
tend to dull the fearsomeness of his persona.
“It's obvious John! The sire
He’d hardly expected John to ridicule it, of course, but for him to
His initial hope that his familiarity with missing meals will work in his favour entirely misses the mark entirely. Instead, he finds himself increasingly exhausted and morose; the surge of hormones through his system sending his moods on an even more dizzyingly mercurial spiral than usual. With his normally suppressed emotions on constant razor’s-edge, even the dispiriting death of Ms. Adler leaves him far more affected than usual.
Lestrade squints at the screen, his brows knitting together in vexation as he recognizes the contents,
“Annnd is Molly... here?”
All in all, it’s been perfectly fine,
“Fifty-seven,” he comments tightly; the very picture of prickly Alpha disapproval. For a moment Sherlock’s Omega frets anxiously over having displeased his Alpha, and then Sherlock harshly reminds it that
“Yes, but I clearly indicated that I would have informed you bef
Obviously it’s one of those rhetorical questions John’s so fond of, so he says nothing. John never likes it much when he answers those.
“Likely not,” Sherlock drawls, lifting his hips to allow John to ease them past his bottom. John draws them down Sherlock’s legs and off, throwing them over his shoulder with a cheeky smile. Sherlock laughs and spreads his legs slightly, pulling John down to press their lips together again. Their hips roll together, the sweat slicking their skin making for just the right amount of friction. John breaks the kiss to mouth down along the curve of Sherlock’s neck desperately, biting and sucking while Sherlock moans and arches into it.Then, reaching one arm out above them, John begins paw ineffectually at the bedside table, and Sherlock glances up between John’s face and hand in bewilderment.
“What?” John pales and looks up with a start.
Irene shakes her head regretfully. “He’d come after me.”
He calls out to John to switch off the alarm, but it keeps beeping insistently from behind the closed door. He tries again, louder this time, and then finally catches John’s faint reply over the cacophony.
When John merely barks a short, bitter laugh in response, that small part of Sherlock that's purely, uncomplicatedly, Omega withers up inside of him piteously. For once, he can’t even think of anything punishing to say to it.
would you have dinner with me?”
“Well done you,” he snickers commendingly. “Never let it be said that an Omega can't be the one to do the ravishing.”
“That was… amazing,” he pronounces, and Sherlock starts in surprise.
It's a quick thing to fix; John doesn't even give it a second thought as he squeezes his eyes shut. He puts protests against romanticism aside to catch Angelo's elbow just before the two collide. He's only just gotten his bearings again when Sherlock drags him out of the restaurant and onto the street, headlong into a madcap foot-chase across London.
“I'll make note of that," Lestrade gives an affirmative nod. "No going off half-cocked on this, Sherlock,” he warns sternly as he presses the bell. “We still need to find her, and we need Eddie’s cooperation for that. Philip was already dead when he climbed through that window, so we know he wasn’t the one who offed the poor sod. I've got two of my boys staying out here,” he directs their attention toward a second panda car with his chin, discreetly parked across the road with two uniformed officers seated inside. “Don't want to spook him, but depending on how things go I'd like backup to be close at hand.”
As if realizing his sudden bashfulness, John pulls away and sits back on his heels. Sherlock braces himself up on his elbows in turn, to better maintain eye contact between them.
“I’ve been studying Marie’s calendar Mr. Cavendish, and I couldn’t help but notice the frequent appearance of your name in it,” he remarks impassively, keeping his face deliberately blank as he eyes Edward’s reaction. “You’re quite close with your sister-in-law, are you not?”
“What?” Sherlock chokes out, his heart kicking up a hammering rhythm against his breastbone. It feels a bit as if all the air has been suddenly sucked from the room.
an absurd insinuation about the labs at Baskerville out of the tour guide is child’s play. The moment that the young Alpha pulls the cast of a massive paw from his bag, however, Sherlock’s curiosity is well and truly piqued.
instinctual urges.
Whilst John shrugs out of his shirt and yanks his vest off over his head, Sherlock works his belt and flies open, impatiently pushing the trousers off his hips mid-shuffle without any consideration for the potential hazard. Sure enough, as the fabric slips down to bunch around his knees, John trips almost immediately; pitching sideways in an attempt to avoid knocking Sherlock over as he falls. He catches himself on the worktop, leaning back against it with a laugh when Sherlock loses no time sinking to his knees to wrestle the jeans down and over John’s feet.
. Her heat came on a bit early, and well… Once we started, we couldn’t stop.” Eddie drops back down to the sofa, dropping back onto the sofa once more, bowing his head to cradle it in his hands. “The baby… it was an accident. We always used protection, but she couldn’t go on a proper contraceptive suppressant. Anyone would have been able to smell the difference in her scent, and report back to Philip. Still, somehow we managed to avoid it for years…” He looks up, eyes watery and bleak and huffs an unamused laugh. “I suppose our luck ran out.”
seems entirely unbothered by Sherlock’s somewhat awkward delivery.
spending as much time with her as you do. Your brother was away pretty often.”
“I beg your pardon?” Eddie blanches, aghast, placing his tea down on the tabletop with a shaking hand. But the look is too practiced and deliberate, a hint of panic underlying its surface. “I can’t believe that you would insinuate something so- so...
you said she."
“I don't want you to, ” Sherlock reveals, with a tremor in his voice. “I- I don't want you to see me. I'm scared -”
but despite himself, he still mostly just feels dazzled.
“Hey,” she calls after him, pity and disappointment warring in her eyes. “Try a different time. I’ve seen him in 80, in the 90s… 2002 one time. He's worth the shot, right?”
“More useful than mine at least,” she grins and shrugs.
“Okay,” John nods, twisting his wrist to look at his watch. “That last one was probably about a minute. I want you to tell me as soon as the next one starts.”
only human after all. A bloke can’t just have the best sex of his life, and then just
“I’ve never been,’ Irene replies with a serene smile. “Is it nice?”
“It's very nice,” Sherlock nods shyly as he wanders about, trailing his fingers over shelves and knickknacks.
“Why do I sense this will end in another late night of running about in darkened alleyways?” John smiles indulgently as he pulls a pair of sunglasses from his jacket pocket and puts them on. “Goodnight Mrs. Hudson,” he calls out toward her still-open window, ”we'll try not to make a racket when we get in!”
There are limits after all.
He pointedly disregards the dull ache in his chest when John offers him a soft smile, and settles back into his chair to listen.
to fall victim to this sort of hysteria. But fall victim he has, if his sudden outburst of melodramatic rot is anything to go by.
John drives in over and over again, his groin smacking firmly against backs of Sherlock’s thighs. As they rock together, desperate and wild, their skin grows damp with sweat, and he lowers Sherlock’s legs, bracing himself on his forearms for better leverage. Sherlock hums in approval, winding his legs about John’s waist tightly and pressing his heels encouragingly into John’s backside as the alpha thrusts.
He’d much rather be recognized for the things he’s accomplished
And it's a wrap folks! Thank you all for all the encouragement; for holding out on my irregular and widely spaced posting schedule, for all the kudos and subscriptions, and most of all the incredibly kind comments! You're all gems— each and every one of you. I'll be playing catch-up on comments as soon as I hit 'post'. An extra special thanks to Miss_Communication for appearing out the the blue to make my life easier and my writing better by being such a stellar beta.
of this is obvious, mate.” Lestrade scoffs good naturedly up at him. “And I know it’s not really your area, but people
“I suppose your card must be full?” He questions, before his better sense can override desire.
Listening to Sherlock prattle on, John’s stomach sinks at the thought that perhaps Sherlock
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson sobs piteously when she catches sight of him.“Sherlock!”
Just to make sure he’s really thought things through.
“I don’t know. How often are you away? Now, show me the car that backfired”
to dissect
Where John had been posted with a bumbling new recruit. John; who isn’t even kitted out in the body armour that just failed to sufficiently protect some hapless constable inside. Who’d furtively palmed his gun off to a mute and fuming Sherlock in the parking garage of Scotland Yard, before they’d seperated, with a wry
“No, I'll look like an idiot -“ Sherlock attempts to argue, but John disregards it, shimmying in an oddly charming manner in front of Sherlock, holding tightly to his hand all the while.
“The two of you are downright nauseating, you know that, right?” Lestrade cuts in, grinning widely as he unwraps a sausage roll and bites into it. “If it wasn't for the fact it won me 200 quid in the office pool, I'd hardly be able to stand it.”
Sherlock swans inside, turning his collar up against his cheekbones in that way that makes him look mysterious and irresistible just as they walk past a group of young alphas by the car park. More than a few of them glance Sherlock’s way, and it puts John’s teeth on edge. Beneath the mask of mild amusement that he deliberately plasters over his face, he struggles to repress the humiliating impulse to turn and snarl territorially in their direction. Sherlock buys into his facade completely and pinkens charmingly before offering up a weak excuse about the cold. Despite the lanky detective’s insistence otherwise, he clearly feels
“That’s quite enough,” Lestrade interjects firmly, sweat beading along his hairline as he fights to suppress his own sympathetic, if milder, Beta response to the two Alpha’s. “It really isn’t any business of yours who The Met chooses to engage, Mr. Cavendish. And
He casts a sidelong glance toward a particular stretch of countertop in the kitchen.
“Promise?” Sherlock demands sleepily, limbs already growing limp and heavy with slumber around John’s body. John smiles down at his new mate, a wave of adoration unlike anything he’s ever felt before washing over him.
He rattles off his conclusion summarily, then lifts his eyes from the screen to look to John expectantly.
. It had all ended up being entirely useless for what he'd wanted to say at John's wedding, but this was only Lestrade. It didn't really matter what he said.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, although there was a question in there somewhere.
Sherlock looks at John again, and this time there's a gleam of triumph there. "No. I believe she's using Moriarty as much as he's using her. At least I hope so."
"Here, what if I..." John lifts up and shifts himself over so he's straddling Sherlock, resting his buttocks on Sherlock's thighs. He puts his palm over Sherlock's now prominent bulge and rubs. "Easier this way." He leans forward, bracing himself with his unoccupied hand so that they can exchange gentle kisses that soon become more breathless and urgent.
&&&&&&
John gasped and ducked away from the kiss to muffle himself in Sherlock's neck, and then something wet was on Sherlock's stomach, and everything was slipperier. John was making little high-pitched sounds in his throat, and Sherlock kept stroking him, quick and firm, until his breathing changed and the tension started to leech out of his shoulders.
"Really?" John asks mildly as he takes out some more gauze and cuts it to size. "Just your average first time meeting your mother kind of thing?"
If this were Baker Street, he wouldn't think twice about someone passing by - or even lingering for a cigarette - outside his window, but this is all private property. In his mind, he runs through the people he knows of who might be here by rights - Grandmother, Mrs Bowen, one of the gardeners - but it's pretty late for any of the staff to be around, and anyway, any of them would be on the path proper. It occurs to him that it might be his father, poking around in the underbrush, or just gone outside for a smoke. Although he almost always stands on the terrace outside the green parlour to smoke when they're here. And then it occurs to him even more strongly that his father told him to report anything unusual to him right away.
"We should get down to the kids," John says, but he doesn't move away.
They end up having a late lunch in the restaurant next to the toboggan run. The waitress gives them a kids' menu with pictures of all the choices, which Tristram is happy about because it means he doesn't have to rely on Father to translate anything.
Sherlock fixed her with a hard look. "Yes, well, that makes two of us. But if I can stick it out, so can you. I've even been fired and I'm still here... God knows why," he added in an undertone, putting his hands on his hips and looking over the child's head to see Molly approaching.
"Tristram?" he hears his father's voice faintly coming from the phone on the shelf.
Doctor Watson flips through the book a bit. "Em wanted to read this next, but I thought it might be a bit too intense. But you're okay with it?" He looks at Tristram.
Well, at least it was something to go on. More than the evasions he'd gotten earlier. He'd prefer to stay until the light in John's flat went out, but he needed to get Gladstone before someone reported him.
I've based Gladstone on the dog from the Nativity! movie, not on the bulldog he is usually depicted as in Sherlock Holmes stories. Here he is in the movie: http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/swissmarg/10542995/42837/42837_original.gif and http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/swissmarg/10542995/43036/43036_original.gif
"Bye," Tristram responds automatically, startled into immobility. At least Doctor Watson didn't kiss him.
It appeared this was a satisfactory answer, as Johnson threw back his head and roared with laughter. "By God, there's one for the books. For that I'll tell you Kitty Winter's the gal you want." He shoved his chin back toward the couple with the violet ray.
So, it seemed that he was stuck with the rest of the term and the blasted play and John. And with somehow tricking Mycroft into coming on board. The prospect of seeing John every day was the only thing that might make everything halfway bearable. Although after the way he'd brushed John off this afternoon, Sherlock expected that he wouldn't be keen on continuing their association outside of the classroom any more.
"They won't touch us here," Sherlock says, as if he finds it tedious to keep going over it.
"What are you doing?" John asks, smiling around a kiss.
"What plans?"
Tristram can tell there's more that Doctor Watson isn't saying, but that information alone is interesting enough. Because Father doesn't have friends. Well, he didn't until Doctor Watson. That doesn't mean he never did, of course, but she must be a very, very old friend in that case, from before Tristram was born.
"I thought the people here spoke German," Tristram says. This is something that has been bothering him ever since they arrived. At the airport, Father said they spoke German, but since then there's been an awful lot of French.
"Your panic attack," John prompts him.
Tristram shoulders his bag and goes to join his father. Doctor Watson puts his hand on Tristram's shoulder and rubs it as he goes past. "Good night, Tris," he says. His smile is so kind it makes Tristram feel unworthy. He mumbles something in return and follows his father outside.
"I don't know-"
"Luck will have nothing to do with it. Good-bye." Father inclines his head toward the exit in a silent nudge.
Tristram hears voices before he's fully awake. It only takes him a few seconds to identify them as Father and Uncle Mycroft. He knows he hasn't a chance of fooling either of them, but he keeps his eyes closed, just to see if they will say anything interesting.
Tristram looks around for Mrs Hudson, but he can't find her. The green uniform woman is crouching down next to Tristram's head and peeking under Mrs Hudson's afghan (that was what she put on top of him, he sees now).
What's nonsensical was Sherlock's assumption that time would stop when he left London. That he could come back and pick John up right where he left him, literally pick him up from where he collapsed on the street outside St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Sherlock had actually thought — with his big, stupid, genius brain — that John would go back to the same drab little existence he'd had before he met Sherlock, the one small change being that he would remain in the flat they'd shared. Sherlock had made sure Mycroft arranged something with Mrs Hudson about the rent for precisely that purpose. What did he need the flat maintained for if John wasn't in it? Ridiculous.
She hears Jane laughing and pulls herself up to see Jane lying on her back, watching Sherlock with crinkled eyes and the weakest smile. Calloused fingers touch Sherlock’s throat to make sure she’s still breathing, remembering her medical training even with poison clouding her thinking. Her brown eyes are so serious, so frustrated, but so incredibly thankful when she feels Sherlock’s warm skin beneath her. Jane laughs, pushing her body up with her hands to a sitting position, kissing the bandages on Sherlock’s fingers. She pressing Sherlock’s warm palm against her dirty cheek and tries to catch her breath.
“Would you like to know what I did tonight?” She asked wickedly.
And she does, yes. She looks at Mycroft over her cold eggs, listening Mycroft sniff (whenever she reads something she doesn’t particularly likes,) taking in her strong perfume (Vintage. Expensive. Classic, but Mycroft rarely strays from her favorites), observing her face and her neck a minute different shade of light grey (New makeup. Assistant didn’t color match well. Her phone's been buzzing with applications from her own network near the knife block in the kitchen.)  Sherlock starts to say something before closing her thin lips together and wondering if she had any money left over from her overdose. And although she does, thankfully, it’s not enough. Not to stand on her own two feet. And, most importantly, forgetting all of this, what was it that the substance abuse therapists were talking about after her relapse? Having a support system?
That’s how Sherlock finds herself lamenting to Michaela that she needs a roommate to split the rent. She teasingly abuses herself about how difficult it'd be to find someone amiable. Who knew how long that would take, she said as she wiped her fingerprints off a vial. Michaela had laughed at that.
Everything seemed ok at first. Maybe it was just soot, she reasoned, or the oil burning off the new coils. Nothing nefarious. Worst case scenario, maybe it would just give them vertigo, cause them to become disoriented enough to where they couldn’t remember how to exit the room, the height out the window, the way bodies aren't supposed to crumble underneath you on impact. Sherlock laughs at this anticlimactic ending until she meets Jane's eyes, because Jane is dying. Sherlock can see dark oil trickling from her shoulder, seeping through her clothing. Sherlock’s favorite satin shirt of Jane's was being ruined by the dark trail falling downward. She could never pick up the color, could never grasp it, but the grey was beautiful underneath. It was present with nearly ever crime scene. The metallic scent, the way it flakes when it dries, retracting into itself. Pain floods Jane’s face and Sherlock feels like her body is being constricted. She tries to get some warning out but her vision is lagging. Despite trying to open her eyes as wide as they could go, Sherlock couldn’t really make anything stay concrete. Her colors were faltering. Solid three dimensional furniture were becoming almost horrifically distorted. Her body felt weak and she was on fire, her chest burning from the inside out. She looked down at her hands to see them fading into grey again. Not again, she thinks. Not after all this time of wanting. It was a horrible feeling that she wasn't able to force away, the realization causing panic to rise into her throat.
“Then how…?”
“You got the curve of the Zygomatic bone perfectly.”
She never had to tell Jane that she’s human. It’s hard not for the brilliance to wear off, Sherlock admits a little bitterly, after being in her presence for an extended period of time. She knows her own flaws well enough for that. Jane understood when she started randomly playing violin at three in the morning. Jane understood when Sherlock walked into the living room with blood on her clothes and a wide smile on her face after a successful experiment. Jane understood when she wouldn’t eat for days at a time and it took Jane many, many days of trial and error to land on something that Sherlock will willingly eat, filing that information for later when melancholy would inevitably hit again. Jane understood when she would see Sherlock laying on the couch in the same position for three days straight. Jane understands her in ways she wasn’t expecting. And it’s hard, and it’s new.
Sherlock wants to laugh. Lestrade pulls Jane off of her, and she lets out the sound bubbling in her throat liked she’s stunned at Jane’s strength. Light floods the living room, and Sherlock sees Jane’s eyes widen at her crumpled on the floor. Sherlock jumps to her feet, her hands out in front of her defensively, a little weaker than she would ever want to appear. But she can't help but to smile.
“Exactly so,” she says, her pipette and test tube litmus strip still in her gloved fingers. Jane beams before yanking her blue ragged flannel blanket off the floor to wrap around her shoulders. It’s the color of the punk woman’s hair who was angrily defending herself when the police were leveling accusations against her that Sherlock never believed to begin with. The color of Mycroft’s curious but tired eyes she inherited from their father. The coat of Victoria Trevor’s dog that bit Sherlock’s ankle years and years ago.
A thought. A horrible thought: Jane dying in Afghanistan. Their never meeting. Jane dying far away from their home, from everything she’s known, from everything they would experience together. 221B is a random apartment in a random building on a random street that she would never venture inside. If Sherlock could grasp her hand from the battlefield, she would want to fly her over the houses all over the world, lifting the roofs to point out the little eccentricities of those below before Jane passes. Truth is stranger than fiction, she would say. There are a lot of truths she suddenly wished she had shared with Jane, a lot of cases she wanted to solve with her, a lot of untold mysteries for her to illustrate and share. A lot of marginalized people falling short on answers that those around them couldn’t figure out. But most of all, she watched as Jane faded into white, her vision clouding. The image of Jane eating honey crafted from Sherlock's bees on freshly baked toast. Retirement in a small cottage, the two of them far away from the bustle of the city, small silver rings adorning their annular fingers. But the daydream is slipping from her. By the time she realized she should have ducked from the heat it was too late. The poison is invading her brain attic at an alarming rate, slowing her line of thinking down in the process. It was her worst nightmare and she can't claw her way out.
There were probably a better way to collect the soot from the crime scene. The bulky yellow envelope weighed down her hand. The soft grey soot staining her fingertips stood out like a dagger. Everything else in her line of sight could be accounted for, but the soft powder in her hands was brown mixed with something else. Jane muttered something that sounded dangerously close to
Jane opens her mouth to speak, but shakes her head, softly laughing at herself. “Do you think Horner is innocent?” She asks, raising her arm higher so that the sunlight shines right through the gaudy jewel into their flat. She meets Jane’s eyes in the window.
Did she know yet? Did she see? Sherlock has often wondered if the colors would appearing to both parties simultaneously. How this all worked didn't particularly make sense to her. Did the colors come on naturally? There was a rather small range of visible light the human eye could interpret, but she was still rather surprised to find that they all didn’t appear at once.
Sherlock laughs again. She pulls Jane closer to her front, just leaning her hot cheek against Jane's temple, taking in the soft scent of cinnamon coming off her clothes. Would they have put themselves in so much danger for a client’s sake? Would have any of the bystanders have saved her? Where would she be if she didn’t have Jane to pull her out of the line of fire? Dead? because damn, that would have been such a way to go.
, the Devil’s foot poison from West Africa. The hair color of the college student asking her to look into a job offer that's too good to be true. The red circle on the envelope signalling a mandate for murder of a client long ago. The glowing red eyes of the Baskerville Hound that had almost frightened Henrietta to death. The deep crimson of the theatre seats she takes Jane to when she’s under a particularly bad mood borne out of restlessness. Jane’s lipstick left behind on Sherlock’s coffee mug on the living room table as Jane lost herself in sketching out a new chapter.
She finds it in her homeless network smiling at her, waiting for their next assignment. Their quick feet, imagination, and near invisibility have proven time and time again to be much more valuable to her than the well known faces of the DI and her team. Sherlock, while shadowed in mystery, (she never wanted the acclaim, only the joy in figuring out a tough puzzle set before her), still caught attention. Being a tall, frightful looking women with a broken nose will do that.
She’s so happy and actually almost hungry enough to eat whatever Mr. Hudson left behind in the container outside her door that she’s caught off guard when it happens. One moment she is laughing at Lestrade, her prosthetic nose itching her like crazy, when a strong arm suddenly wraps around her neck. Her body is quickly brought down onto the carpeted floor and she's unable to find something to completely brace her fall in the dark. While it’s entirely embarrassing, she realizes what is happening soon enough.
The blueberries Jane puts on her French toast before pressuring Sherlock to eat at least half of her plate. She sees it, too, heartbreakingly, in Jane’s dress shirt when Mary stops by, her light blue eyes crinkling at her. Jane throws off her ragged blue flannel blanket when Mary’s softly knocks on the doorframe of their living room. It’s crinkled from where Jane has slept under it after another successful adventure. Jane’s blue nail polish peak out from underneath her oversized peacoat as she waves goodbye. Sherlock borrows it later, throwing it on before heading towards Michaela's laboratory under the pretense that their laundry was mixed in together when Jane protested.
“Tough luck. I was in the Army,
While Jane barely speaks to her for the first six weeks they were living together, Sherlock can tell she’s watching her closely. True to her word, Jane doesn’t mind Sherlock’s violin playing. Sherlock’s eccentric hours don’t particularly bother her either because Jane would still be up more often than not, drawing something, curled up on her chair yawning but unable to sleep. She can only get a little rest at a time, unable to really hold anything of substance down (Nightmares. Common with PTSD.) She still tries, though. There’s something important in that distinction.
She’s falling. She feels skin contact and tries to hold onto it. There were so many things she wanted to say. Several potentially sappy ones, oversaturated ones of thanks, of care, of intimacy. She clings to this last solid surface, digging into Jane’s skin, trying to hold onto something good, something real. Fire always makes you realize what’s most important, she thinks hazily, as she recalls how terrified Irene was when she turned towards the mantelpiece. So this was her precious possession, Sherlock realizes: Jane's presence in her life.
After a long moment, Jane turns towards her. They let Mr. Hudson vacuum underneath them roar on, the sound muffled a little by the floor. They're so close Sherlock can smell Jane's lemon laundry detergent.
Jane’s illustrations of their cases are becoming wildly popular. More people are finding the two of them for their services that way. Most importantly to her, more marginalized people are finding her, reaching out when police let them fall through their fingers. It’s understandable for them to be wary of the police, to be wary of her. But she has to try. Try to gain their trust, to untangle the strings until what remains is the truth, to help them forward. She has to try all the same.
It was an idiotic plan. Incredibly dangerous to the both of them. Jane knew that, too, but stood her ground, nodding before Sherlock could even ask her if they really should do this. She wanted to do this. This was for her after all. She had to know, and her good old Jane, ready for anything, silently watched her dig out the soot from the envelope.
As she made her way towards her bedroom she notices the differing tones of the hard wood floors beneath her feet (Mahogany, Sepia, Burnt Sienna, Hazel, Beige.)  She reaches the mirror, and pulls the prosthetic off of her nose, yanking the mess of her wig which, as it turns out, does not match her skin tone (thank you very much, Lestrade.) Her anatomy books laying on her desk are a weathered brown (Aged and worn from water damage and disuse.) The out of place brown leaves on the trees outside her window, and the pinecones and acorns laying on the dying Earth delighted her (Fall! Mute and sobering.) The dirt caked on her shoes from her long walks around the city staining the carpet (It’ll never come out. She doesn’t particularly care.) Her secret stash of Cocaine hidden in her warn brown slipper (How has no one noticed it? It’s so out of place.) She can list about twenty things that she can now use for cases when Jane’s sturdy footsteps creak on the worn floorboards outside her door.
Lestrade smiled a little too widely during their first meeting, nodding as she took off her hat in the heated apartment. “Jane, I presume?”
, Sherlock realizes. That’s the color she was missing.
Jane leans over and kisses her, her smile present even though Sherlock's eyes were closed. Oh, Jane. Her dear Jane.
“What is it?” Sherlock hissed. She didn’t want to miss the men just in case they decided to take a different route than the one she predicted. They had to be prepared.
The deep Burgundy of Jane’s favorite bra hidden underneath her midnight nightshirt. Her comforter is a deep forest green, and Sherlock is delighted when Jane presses her down into the mattress. The pale yellow light of Jane’s lamp illuminating the room. Sherlock presses a kiss into the harsh pink of Jane’s healing scar on her left shoulder. Warm brown fingers disappear somewhere warm underneath Sherlock’s blue underwear, sparks firing.
Lestrade is coming up the stairs to ruin their peace, though. She tries to be quiet, holding her crumpled hat in her hands. Her footsteps are light, and even though her back is towards the door, Sherlock gives a weak welcome, telling Lestrade not to mind the temperature, wanting to distract Lestrade from heading towards Jane to ask her for a drink.
” Jane starts, leaning a little pass the doorframe, cautious not to intrude. Kind Jane, but utterly ridiculous. “And why are you dressed like that?”
all the same.
carved into the wall is a shade of grey in her mind’s eye and nothing more. Sherlock never thought her cases particularly publishable, but she accepts the quick popularity when more marginalized women and men start asking for her help. She likes that, her help more valuable to those who truly need her expertise than those who would flash their money around as if it’s impressive. Sherlock’s no heroine, she wants to say when Lestrade teases her for not knowing details about their solar system. It’s only when Sherlock takes to preening over Jane’s shoulder to correct her on minor details does she realize Jane’s phone hadn’t rang all morning. Mary’s calls always pulled Jane away before, leading to a distraction that Sherlock didn’t particularly need nor desire. The realization catches in her throat.
It was all the encouragement she needed.
“Which is?”
but she didn’t push it further.
It feels like her nerve endings are all laid bare at the surface now. But she’s right. Sherlock can trust her. She actually can.
Sherlock didn’t really understand what Jane was chastising her for. It’s not like she took the entire sample Lestrade and her co. found at the crime scene. Even she, she protested softly, understood the importance of not doing so. Jane sputtered, telling her that wasn’t the point.
Jane just shook her head, her smile fading. She tilted her head to the side, eyeing her and only her. “It’s... it’s nothing.”
Hm. She takes a sip of her sparkling water, the carbonation settling her nervous stomach weak with no food. “If you would rather sit out the experiment, like a reasonable person I grant you, I am more than willing to precede on my own.”
In turn, she tries to discover more about her new roommate. She glances over Jane’s shoulder as she’s sitting in her chair in the living room. She doesn’t mind particularly. The only concern is that Jane is in direct view of where Sherlock most wanted to play her violin. Having an audience didn’t bother her surprisingly. Jane didn’t even flinch when she would repeat passages in different tempos as she untangled pieces of information in her head. But when Jane jerked her head up at the sudden silence, tilting her head curiously, wordlessly asking why Sherlock stopped, Sherlock realized she was
Jane started but smiled. She had an easiness about her, a natural friendliness that Sherlock could never hope to mimic. Her sturdy footsteps quickly made their way up the stairs before she closed the door behind her.
There’s something for being vulnerable. Lestrade teases her often but still continues to be amazed when she refuses to observe the scene around her. Her uninvolved parents expecting perfection from her sister and her over anything else. She had to build this image of being competent but when it doesn’t work out in her favor she falls apart, unravelling at the seams. She hides the disappointment within herself. What is she without her work? And what is her work if no one trusts her abilities to solve their mysteries?
She was talented, too, Sherlock had to admit. The front teeth were crooked though, but instead of being irritated, there was something rather charming in that feature that Sherlock couldn’t quite place. She looked up to see her random assortment of biology books in her bookcases and smiled. Her drawing showed imperfections, as if the skull belonged to an actual human rather than an idealized version. She admired that. Imperfections were more interesting.
The ashes from the crime scene disappeared into heater with a puff of smoke. For a long moment everything seems ok. No crackle upon impact, no energy transfer, no projectiles from the soot breaking the engineering, nothing ricocheting back at them. It was almost a let down honestly. Sherlock was mentally crossing off possibilities and creating new paths for them to follow when black clouds started to fill the room.
Jane turns then, taking in Sherlock as a whole. She avoids Jane’s brown eyes shining a brilliant light brown and turns back towards the kids, watching as they disappear from sight, climbing tress without a sense for danger, screaming in delight when their mates find them. Jane places her hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and it’s more calming than it deserves to be. Sherlock closes her eyes and Jane just pulls her closer until their chests are resting up against one another. The top of Jane’s head doesn't even reach Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock doesn’t want to cry. She solved the case after all, just created a more involved solution than it particularly deserved. But something is welling up inside of her threatening to come out, and Jane would kill her if she sought after her usual mode of self medication. Sherlock just knew she would.
Sherlock reaches up to cup Jane’s face and took in a sharp breath. “A thousand apologies,” she said, her eyes watering. She blinks the remainder of the poison out of her system, colors slowly returning. It’s exhilarating and overwhelming, but regret makes her feel even worse. Emotional people aren’t always wise, she thinks, trying to dig into the memory to discover where it came from before coming short. She tries to let out a long exhale but just ends up coughing up ash. “I should have never put you in that position. It was an idiotic thing to do, not just for own sake, but for my dear friend’s health as well. I am truly very, very sorry.”
Because she’s not this perfect person with a strange skillset.  She gets melancholy, unable to move from the couch. She refuses to eat for days and is angry at her body for how hungry and dizzy she is after reaching the conclusion she was looking for. She likes classical music enough to create her own melodies. She gets her enjoyment for the art from her Great Aunt Vernet, even though she doesn't care more modern pieces. She takes Jane to the theatre as much as she can, enjoying the emotions on Jane’s face almost as much as the music from the stage. The look in Jane's eyes as she catches Sherlock looking at her, nervous yet ready.
The color of her own paler grey skin contrasting against Jane's. The color of Lestrade’s hair before grey took over. The color of the wooden swings of her childhood home. The warm brown of her violin. Music, warmth, and childhood— passion and nostalgia all folded into one color.
Jane starts, her face softening as she turns towards Stamford. “Did you tell her—”
It’s fitting, Sherlock thinks, as she relaxes into Jane’s arms. She allows herself this moment. There’s no awkwardness, no hesitation. Jane just holds her until Sherlock lets go, their body heat making Sherlock feel alive, dopamine flooding her system. Jane smiles and tucks Sherlock’s arm around her elbow, leading her back to 221B. Jane takes Sherlock’s cold hand in hers as the sky darkens from yellow to deep blue.
The colors Jane uses don’t particularly make sense together but Sherlock didn’t understand color theory enough to know. After a while, Jane decides to let small shades of blue behind amongst the black and white. She accidentally smeared a bit of the color with her finger when Jane wasn’t looking. She reasoned with herself that she just wanted physical proof, but she spent too long marveling at how the blue stained her burned fingertips to justify it.
But she’s not ordinary, Sherlock soon finds.
Her favorite panel of them is a full page illustration of Sherlock leading Jane through New York for some air, taking time for the two of them without any distractions just because they could. That’s intimacy, Sherlock thinks. Jane doesn’t want to be near her because she’s brilliant, because Jane thinks she’s perfect. Jane just likes
Lestrade started saying something, but Sherlock cuts her off. “Is this about Lauriston Gardens?”
Did Jane know yet? Did she see? (No. Jane was staring at her with wide eyes. Not in a stunned way, taking in the amount of information that Sherlock is. Rather, she was watching her in concern, checking to see if Sherlock is actually hurt.) So no. She must not. Past behavior points to that conclusion. She had witnessed the process of discovery before. Clients meeting for the first time when Sherlock realized their two strange mysteries were connected. Widened eyes, paused conversation. People would often look at one another in such a way that an outsider could just
“I surrender!” is all she can really think to say at first, a little out of breath, out of practice. “It’s me!”
Oh, Jane. Observant Jane. Sherlock laughed before putting some of the solution onto the test tube. Despite knowing Sherlock for years now, Lestrade continued to see rather than observe. She appreciated Jane's skills enough that it almost distracted her from the result. Blue. Vibrant, and so, so different. She starts, looking over her shoulder to see Jane smiling at her, waiting to see if she’s correct in her deduction. She twirls on the counter stood, observing Lestrade’s pale blue knit hat in her hand (Hand knitted. A Christmas gift from her oldest daughter. Reconciliation. Happiness abound.) Lestrade is watching Jane closely, the possibility of a date dying on her lips.
There were light marks on Jane's paper tonight. Her spiraled sketchbook is opened to a new page in the middle (the pages tucked behind are wrinkled, she has been doing this since before she moved in.) Although her drawings were all light grey to her, Sherlock could tell before checking the extremely sharpened pencil’s side that it was non-photoblue. (Could she see colors then? (If so, where was her beloved?) Or was simply taught to use this medium for her preliminary sketches?) It was obvious to her that this wasn’t just an idle hobby, but a skill she went to school for (Medical illustrator. Calluses on her fingers, practiced hand loosely holding her pencil, drawing with her entire arm rather than her wrist. Pale grey smudges on the side of her palm.) She was drawing a more detailed version of the Anterior view of a skull (older African American female, but with otherwise generic features.)  Smaller, looser sketches were scattered along the top of the page near the spiral edge (Practice. She wanted to get it just right. Additional income to her small pension, assuaging her guilt for using the majority of it to bet on horses.)
Sherlock tries to brush it off as commonplace, but she’s honestly incredibly touched.
Everything points in one direction, Sherlock thinks as Jane frowns at the sharp point of her pencil when it snaps at the base. She isn’t the only one.
“Because I see him standing outside our door.” Jane let out a small noise in acknowledgement, getting up to her feet to leave the room in their well rehearsed routine when Sherlock reached out to touch her hand. “No, stay. He’s been the Army himself, and you might be helpful to me.”
she already knows she wants to retire to a small cottage with a garden and bees, her fingertips delighting at the idea of harvesting honey from her own hives, the scent of the garden as she plucks weeds, the colors of the flowers overwhelming her senses in her old age. The idea that Jane would have her own bee suit delights her to no end. She’s a lot of things that people think she’s not. And it’s ok for others to view her a certain way. Those who matter know. Those who come to her, and work with her know, but it all boils down to nothing if Jane starts to see her as more perfect than human, more prone to brilliance than even deigning to make a mistake. What’s the point of having a soulmate if they don’t actually see you as you truly are?
She finds it, too, in the kind face of Dr. Stamford. On her usually sarcastic face, thin lips twisting up in a smirk when she sees Sherlock pass by her to the laboratory, waving. But worry is plain on her face. Sherlock has been gone for three months, and while she had been worried about her experiment in the lab (ruined, ran on too long without supervision), she had never really paid much mind to those she would see on the way to the laboratory. Sherlock didn't think her absence would be noticed, but she can still tell by the widened eyes on Dr. Stamford’s face that something strange has happened-- she was
“Nah. She saw you enter with her shined teapot.”
It's the same space heater model as the one from the crime scene. Jane didn't ask how Sherlock was able to purchase one so quickly, and she didn't offer any answers. It took a little tinkering from the both of them to get it to work. The heat started building until the coils burned a mixture of yellow and something else. Completely safe, Jane told her, nodding. Sherlock tucked her cigarette behind her ear before pulling a match from her pocket. The ignition of the reactivity of phosphorus with the potassium chlorate in the match head creates a crack in the silent room. That was always her favorite part. The flame burns in Jane's eyes. She was holding her breath, Sherlock realized. Petrified and anxious to see how this will turn out for the two of them. Jane’s willingness to try anything, Jane’s desire to solve a case almost as strong as hers, being swept up in the pleasure of being along for the ride, of trusting Sherlock's judgement, made her insides ache. The feeling isn't a new one, but Sherlock is still trying her best to convince herself that she deserves it.  Warmth fills the room, protecting them against the cold weather slowly building outside. It's a nice moment. A part of her wants to take Jane's sweater from the couch and melt into it, putting her feet up to the heat, the coils slightly burning her skin.
Everything leads to an obvious conclusion: Occam's Razor. She’s not the easiest person to know. Too overwhelming to fall in love with. Too difficult for someone to willingly put up with her for an extended period of time. This is who she is. The information swimming in her head, (the calm only coming with her dosages,) her lack of sleep, and lack of desire for a normal life enough to run off the few lovers she has ever had.
The golden pair of glasses that were so well loved they had been delicately repaired to uphold the antique aesthetic left behind in the rush of escaping a murder scene. The scales of a swamp adder ready to pounce when Jane and her rushed into a room that wasn’t meant for them. The two ears preserved in salt delivered to Susan Cushing in a bright yellow box too hard to ignore. The overwhelming number of yellow rain coats she found herself chasing after during the early spring. Jane pouring in too much honey into her tea, just the way she likes it. The way Jane’s skin brightens with the longer hours. Yellow Bellied Sapsuckers are drilling into the closest oak tree, Eastern Tiger Swallowtails are landing on flowers, the longer daylight hours granting her more vitamin D than her body has probably had the whole of winter. Sherlock is happier than she had been in the longest time.
A soft hand runs over the Sherlock's neck and down her back, soothing her. She tries to take as many deep breathes as she can, the poison clearing away from the absence of fire. Jane saved her. Her strong arms carried her with muscle memory, no hesitation at all except the desire to save the both of them from danger. The crisp fall air clears her lungs, and Sherlock realizes she can see pumpkins in various shades of orange in front of their doorway behind Jane’s shoulder. Orange. It’s trust. It’s the color of dying leaves, the seeds she sent to
She discovers that the sky changes tints of blue depending on the time of day. She understands why her mother loves spending time outside now, either bird watching or observing the deep blues of dusk and the light hues of early dawn. She sees it in the happiness of her client’s eyes when Sherlock tells her that she won’t report her whereabouts to her abusive ex. She sees in in the confused eyes of the trans man who doesn’t quite understand why one of his shoes has suddenly gone missing after moving into his new home. She sees it in the bright and unmistakable dress the little girl is wearing in her Amber Alert poster on the news. She sees it the pool's chlorinated water before she dives in the deep end, getting her rush of endorphins in a less destructive way.
Frustratingly, cases slip through her fingertips because of this. While she can sometimes tell colors apart by the varying degree of grey, she can’t always get the right information that she needs in the moment. It’s frustrating to admit it but she accepts it, because there's nothing she can do about it. She can’t solve everything, but she still
Laugher bubbles up from within her. The joy of being safe clouds her judgement and she pulls Jane in, gripping her collar tight enough to blanch her knuckles, kissing her until her teeth ached. It’s wild and crazy, and she's more thankful for Jane just being Jane than anything else in this moment. Because that’s all she wanted. That’s all Sherlock had ever wanted. Someone who would go through the world with her, someone wonderful, someone brave enough to fight by her side while also not being afraid to bring her down to Earth. Someone she could trust. Someone human that understood the different parts of her-- flaws, brain attic, and all.
Jane scrunched her face up, folding her arms across the chest. After a long moment she turned to open the windows in their living room as wide as they would go. The crisp Fall breeze sets their curtains dancing.
“Sherlock, I could have hurt you.” Jane tells her, frightened. She takes Sherlock's hands in hers to steady her weak legs when a flick of something catches Sherlock off guard, her voice caught in her throat. Mycroft had waved away the whole soulmate thing as if it’s ridiculous. She can see the logic in that. But when Jane raises her gaze to look Sherlock directly in the eyes, titling her head curiously, wordlessly asking Sherlock if she’s alright, all Sherlock can do is stare.
She opens her eyes to see Jane simply smiling warmly at her. Something is building up underneath. She uses the thin sleeve of her sweater to wipe away the tears from her eyes to get a better look, not understanding.
She’s ordinary. Approximately forty year old African American woman, her natural (4C) hair pulled back tightly (perfectly within Army new 2017 regulations,) her gaze steady, her body language defensive (crossed arms, with an unnaturally stiff stance,) but nervous also (her fingers fidgeting, soothing her arm, betraying herself.) Sherlock catches her start at the riding crop on the table next to her before looking at Michaela with wide eyes. It begins again, Sherlock thinks, as she got to her feet.
Sherlock hums, content in the moment. Realizations hit her in a quick succession: Jane likes the idea that she’s human, that she’s flawed. She never had to ask Jane to draw her more realistically after the awkwardness of their first adventure together became a regular thing rather than an one off. Her crooked nose that wasn’t set correctly after she was forced into rehab for the first time kept it’s gnarly shape; the number of bandages all over her fingers from burning them on Bunsen burners, cutting them with scalpels, steeping them into boiling water once when she was distracted, was a constant to her portrayal as it is to her in real life; the bags under her eyes painting her as more human than an automaton that can whether anything for the hunt.
“Jane Watson,” she says simply after Sherlock’s introduction. Her grip is weak (left hand, weak arm, weak shoulder. Shot in Afghanistan during the war? Discharged. Needs a person to split the rent with. Doesn’t have much— money, family, possessions. In a bit of a desperate position.)  Still, Sherlock wants her to be amiable. She's anxious for her to be so.
This is also clear to her after she gets out of rehab this most recent time.
who demands she stop playing the absurd hours in the morning.
“Did you really think you could walk in? Just stop on by? Because you broke into the wrong apartment,” Jane told her, pressing her into the carpet. Sherlock’s short curly wig slides off a little, but she can’t help but smile. Jane’s stocky leg pins her down, her strong hands holding Sherlock’s thin ones behind her back.
She has never been happier in her life.
“How did you know it’s me?” Lestrade said, laughing. She leans her hip against the back of Jane’s favorite chair and turns to smile as Jane places the pencil behind her ear. “I swear she has eyes on the back of her head sometimes.”
Sally narrowed her eyes at him. She could not believe she'd ever let him put his hands down her pants. "You know what, Nigel, I think you're a bit of a homophobe."
But Sherlock laughed, and John knew he was all right now. "Sprightly, John?" Sherlock said, one corner of his mouth quirking up.
And it appeared that I had not.
Emily, however, asks, "Why does my father need to go with him, then? He's a doctor, not a detective."
Sherlock shifts so he can see John better and folds his hands across his stomach. "Tell me, John, I'm curious: is it the other man part or the getting off part that is supposed to scar him for life?"
Sherlock bristled. "Why would you think that?" Of course it had, but that was none of Victor's business. And things were better now. Even if still unsettled.
His father is standing there, holding the time machine up over his head with both hands. He's surrounded by knocked-over trolleys and abandoned baggage. Where has everyone gone? What is Father doing with the time machine? Does it really work? Has he sent everyone away? Tristram's mind reels.
"How small?" she called back casually, her stomach already fluttering in anticipation.
"'Dear Father Christmas, I want a smart phone', 'Dear Father Christmas, give me loads of sweets'," Sherlock recited in a high-pitched, mocking voice.
It was, oh it was, it was the best reason, but somehow Sherlock didn't think John would see it the same way. Well, he might have thought the reason behind it was good - hopefully very good - but judging by his current reaction, he probably wouldn't think much of the way Sherlock was going about doing it. And coupled with the incident with the children – which had turned out to be an unmitigated disaster, no matter how one looked at it - Sherlock thought on the whole he was probably better off not digging himself in any deeper.
No one ever called him anything other than 'Tristram' before Emily, and it would be weird if, say, Father or Mrs Hudson started calling him that. But he's used to Emily and D- John calling him 'Tris' now. It would be weird if they started using his full name. So he shakes his head and says, "No, Tris is fine. For you and Emily."
Sherlock shifts in his seat. "Shot, anyway."
' in Engstligenalp-Adelboden.
"And the headphones?"
"Yeah. Lack of response didn't give you a clue?" John mutters. He flicks his gaze at Sherlock but looks away almost immediately.
Sherlock leaned forward to set his bottle back on the coffee table. He stayed there, his elbows resting on his knees, and brought his hands together in front of his mouth.
John snorts. "Jesus, were your families part of some weird Anglo-Saxon cult? Sherlock and Godfreya? Seriously?"
"No," John said softly. "No, I really can't imagine I would be."
Emily beams. "Brill! What else?"
John pushed Sherlock's leg under the blanket again. "I got you a little, admit it."
"You were our ticket in," Sherlock reminded him.
When Doctor Watson comes back, his hands are empty, but he has a playful grin on his face.
"Then why did you speak French to the lady at the airport and the man at the hotel?" Tristram wants to know.
"We could have another look?" John offered, leaning deliberately into Sherlock, as if to nudge him into action. Because he was sure now. Very sure. "Maybe check out the laser tag?"
"I told you," she whispers triumphantly, holding the photos out so Tristram can see them. He looks.
He can't stand lying here any longer. He checks his watch. It's almost six-thirty. Maybe someone else is up. And even if they aren't, he has to find something to do. He turns on the light and gets dressed, takes his phone from under the pillow, and goes out into the hall. The light is off under his father's door. Tristram considers seeing if Emily is awake yet, but he doesn't want to wake her or Doctor Watson - if he's even there - by knocking, and there's no way he's going to just open the door to check. Grandmother is the next possibility, but she doesn't like to be disturbed when she's in her rooms, and her door is closed too. She might have gone downstairs already, or over to her studio. He resigns himself to going downstairs on his own.
John grinned and stuffed his hands deeper into his pockets. Which meant John wanted to kiss him but was being mindful of offending Stamford's in-laws' sensibilities. Yet another reason why he wanted to leave.
"Sherlock?" Doctor Watson's voice has that sharp edge to it. Not the one he used yesterday when he got angry at Father for mentining that other case, the one with Moran. No, this voice is the one he used when he said, 'Three minutes,' on Friday Afternoon. Three minutes until the not-bomb was supposed to go off. Tristram takes a careful step backwards up the stairs.
There was no way around it. "Yes."
'Your poor father, all work and no play will do that to you,' she'd fret to Tristram then when she climbed the stairs to make sure he wasn't stuck halfway up the flue or halfway down the toilet. Although they'd played quite a lot today, and Tristram didn't see much evidence of Father working. There was still something, though. He was certain. Maybe Father was off to follow up on a lead.
"If they actually wanted to make me happy, they'd use proper punctuation," Sherlock pointed out, the weak attempt at humour intended to be an apology of sorts.
Another touch lands on his upper arm. Tristram looks down at the hand - square fingers, light brown hairs on the back, an old scar faded white on the knuckle of the thumb. He follows the line of the arm it's attached to until he is looking at alert blue eyes in a weathered face. Doctor Watson is crouched down next to him. He's wearing an undershirt now, but it's inside-out.
"Yes," Sherlock said, still holding out his hand. Hoping this was the moment. That he hadn't got it wrong again.
Or has something to do with a case. Maybe even the bogeyman. That would explain why Doctor Watson got angry and took her away from Emily and Tristram. But it wouldn't explain why he's letting the woman walk away now and coming back alone.
"Mummy tutors the maths and physics teachers," Sherlock explained. "Seminars on the latest research and publications, helps them understand the stuff enough to adapt it for their classes."
"We'll be there," he said.
"It's not going to work," Sherlock warned him. "I'll never be put through to him. Too many people try to get past the switchboard saying they have all sorts of outlandish connections to him."
approval. They want
"More," Sherlock demanded, holding out his hand.
"Give me some credit," Sherlock said. "He forgot it. The man is unstable. He suffers from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. He could snap at any time."
This time the reponse came quickly:
John bursts out in giggles. "Oh Jesus." His body shakes with mirth and he presses his face into Sherlock's neck. As his laughter fades, he tightens his grip on Sherlock. There's already no space between them, but he tries to press them even closer together. "Jesus, Sherlock," he says, his lips just brushing Sherlock's skin. His voice comes out gravelly. "I think I'm ruined."
John grins. "Yeah." He tilts his head to the side, prompting for a kiss. Sherlock obliges. The quick reassurance turns into a lingering touch of lips. "Will you come down later?" John asks. Even through his sleepiness, his interest is clear.
John clears his throat. "No. But don't worry, I'm sure he's fine. He's probably just busy." Tristram can't see his face, but his voice sounds like he's trying to be optimistic. Trying and not entirely succeeding.
"At least give me your opinion on these while you're here," Father says, stalking back into the living room and shoving a plate with three fingers under Doctor Watson's nose. They've been cleaned. The skin on all of them is dark, although Tristram doesn't know if that's from being cooked, or because the person they came from has dark skin.
