“I can’t believe it.”
Hope you liked the chapter, let me know what you thought of it and feel free to point out any mistakes ^^
“The toilet? No, he’s upstate,” Happy counters. Ah, that means he’s in the Compound. That’s weird, why is he there? Tony hasn’t been there since after Siberia, after all…
“It would be funny for all of us, since Bruce shouldn’t be drunk, I can’t get drunk and neither can Hilde, Steve or Nat,” Bucky adds to it with his arms crossed. Natasha then suddenly comes back into the room, her hair put up in a messy bun.
“Great, you recognized me. Congratulations.”
One quick look downstairs, and Peter realizes that he, too, isn’t wearing anything. Despite his headache, he gets out a loud gasp that comes close to a shriek. It’s loud enough to wake Yaël, who startles up and gets into a defensive position, ready to start throwing punches. She doesn’t look any better than him.
The two men give him an unimpressed look, and Peter just raises his hands higher.
, Charles reacted back.
FRIDAY suggests, but Peter shakes his head.
To be fair, he mostly feels like he’s still about ready to puke at times, but other than that he’s feeling alright enough. He still has no clue what happened last night, but as long as he didn’t wake up with a random girl, he figures it can’t be that big of a deal.
Steve threw her his
“No, no, nothing happened. I was just… messing around in the workshop and lost track of time,” he admits. Clint chuckles at that.
Without any warning, she slightly lifts up the mask, leans forward and kisses him straight on the mouth. Right here, where there are many cameras and witnesses nearby. He can hear the kids behind him making a disgusted sound at the sight of them. People are gasping in surprise, the sound of shutters surrounding them. Peter’s eyes are open wide for a few short second before he closes his eyes, lifting up his hand and putting it behind the Cat’s head. He leans into the kiss, deepening it until both of them pull away to get some breath.
Tony sings Star Spangled Man, the song sung in CA the first Avenger during his tour.
“Hey, uh… do you mind telling the others I’m just heading to bed?” Peter asks carefully. Yaël turns towards him with surprise in her eyes.
“No, I’m not lying. He’s just too worried about me to really know what I can do yet,” he assures him. Then, with his pincer, he picks up the tracker, finding that it comes loose easily. With a smirk, he puts it on the lamp. After spending months building this suit, he knows pretty much how it works, but he can’t recall agreeing with Tony to put a tracker inside of it. He’s sure it wasn’t Tony’s intention to be stalking him, but more in case of emergencies.
“I know, Anthony,” Charles returns. “But there’s a thing you’ll need to know about Miss Pryde’s powers.”
“Oh, uh… hey,” he mutters out. Tony doesn’t answer. Instead, he flies them towards a playground where he drops Peter on top of the Monkey Bars. There, he hovers into the air while Peter pulls off his mask, finally feeling like he can breathe again, completely.
While I was intending on the timestamp to be longer, instead I decided to maybe make it into a full-length story. So, with that, I decided to post this teaser, instead. I'm not sure if I'll manage to finish another complete story, but I'm sure as Hell willing to try!
Steve’s married? Tony’s eyes quickly turn to the man in question, finding that Steve is clearly avoiding looking at him.
Peter finds Bruce Banner by pure chance.
Steve stops the car in front of Steve’s house. Taking off his seat belt, he turns towards Tony and gives him a wide smile.
- Unrequited love/crush
Yaël needed to warm her water, so she cooled off. If she wanted to take a warm shower, she couldn’t enjoy it because her body temperature lowered itself. So, of course, Yaël got a cold. Working in gardens with a cooled-down body didn’t help her cold either.
Yaël snorted sarcastically to that and actually softly threw a pawn to her friend.  It missed.
What the hell?
Tony turns back to Steve. It’s weird, seeing him like this. Tony watches his hand resting in Steve’s and wonders if he should pull away. He’s sure Steve is expecting everything to be fine now, but it’s not, really. They’re not fine. Too much has happened.
There are others that he’s never seen before, but then again there are people here from all over the world. Even freaking Deadpool is wandering around here, though so far he hasn’t come to drool all over Peter, so that’s a plus.
“Peter’s mother,” he states. Tony nods “Alright, what did it say?”
Peter feels as if the ground is disappearing from under him. He doesn’t know how long it’ll be? What is he planning?
Tony holds up his hand. Steve needs to stop right now. If he hears even a little bit of his voice, Tony’s mind will probably just explode on the spot.
“Okay, I’ll come,” he says.
Peter sings, obviously, Umbrella from Rihanna (though also a little bit 'singing in the rain')
“It’s not that bad,” Tony assures him.
And so Steve takes out his phone, and he shows Tony what he captured. And, together in each other’s arms, they fall asleep on a couch that is in no way intended for sleeping in.
“Oh, are you back again?” Nilla asked. She was sitting in a dark corner, arms bound to her chest, glaring at her blue and purple haired sister. Nilla didn’t seem as happy as the last time Yaël had seen her. The circles under her eyes seemed to be even darker.
“I set the bar on fire,” Yaël confessed while staring at the plate in her hands. She felt like it was a crime that Steve wasn’t as enthusiastic as she was about the plates. Steve stared at her for a moment, trying to find if Yaël’s answer was a joke or not.
And so they leave after that. They go to the garage whey they chose Tony’s favorite car. Happy’s with Pepper now, and Tony doesn’t want to disturb him for something like this. They go for the least noticeable car this time, so this one has a roof. Then Tony puts himself behind the wheel with Bruce next to him in the passenger seat.
Not on Tony’s watch!
“I’m sorry, I got carried away. You probably don’t want me to go over all of this, do you?” she asks. Peter takes another breath and then shakes his head.
Peter has detention again. Tony sighs when he gets the news. It’s happening way too often, and he’s got a strange little feeling that it’s kind of his fault.
“What the hell is going on?!” she barked at him. She might be exhausted after trying to use her air-powers, but this man made her freaking rage! Yaël really didn’t have the money to buy new plates or to pay Peter’s hospital bills if he’d get hurt.
“Eh, about a day,” Peter shrugs. It had been a long day, of course, but lots and lots of experimenting surely makes the time move faster. Peter had been enjoying himself in trying out formula after formula to recreate a perfect and sturdy web.
He didn’t expect it to end up with him practically telling him his whole life and revealing that the guy once knew his mother.
They laughed a bit, goofed around and ordered some pizza, since Peter stopped working in the pizzeria as soon as he got the approval for his internship.
Steve and Tony re-emerge from Tony’s bedroom, now with Tony fully dressed in a mix of casual and formal clothes. Steve still looks the same, wearing his hoodie and faded jeans. His arms are hanging next to his body, eyes sad while looking at Tony, who is frowning in return.
- Dark Thoughts
“Uh, you know, not like I’m not having fun, but I think somebody’s going to take over my shift now,” he says. Peter and Tony both look up, eyebrows raised simultaneously. “I was planning on going to Washington and visit Peggy again.”
“It is, so get your ass in gear so we’ll make it even more awesome, hothead,” Peter jokes with a wide grin. Johnny rolls his eyes, looking sadly at the remote control that is already in his hands.
After all the angst, it's time for the beginnings of conflict solving. Oh, and prelude to even darker times coming ahead, but that won't be written out in the story *cough*InfinityWar*cough* and slight references to Thor Ragnarok.
In the following hour that Miles spends here he’s greeted by close to fifty people maybe. They’re all grateful for their help, to which they always say that it’s no trouble at all.
Yet Steve hesitated. For a few more weeks. Then, when he had to leave, chasing down a lead for Rumlow, he had enough of it.
suit. I’ve built it with my Dad a few months ago. I think I get to have say in this, don’t you think?” Peter then throws himself from his bed, back on the ground. “Please, this is my chance to prove myself to him.”
betray him after he got crazy, and the other one…
But then Michelle laughs. “I’m just kidding, I don’t care,” she says, waving him off. Then she turns to the team. “Alright, so, we should run some drills.”
Once the suit is gone from his body, Natasha’s arms are surrounding him in a strong embrace. Tony smiles. Having his friends around him again, he finally feels like he’s no longer alone. Especially when Bruce decides to join into the hug, quickly followed by Clint.
“Uh, then the Avengers moved out on other missions to try and catch that bad guy, but they’ve failed at it each time,” Peter continues. “Natasha still seems to make it her mission to train me every two days.”
When the week is finally over, and the day arrives, they don’t leave at seven. Instead, they’re, all three of them, thrown into the make-up chair. Tony’s pretty much used to it, and Peter by now also has a bit of experience with it since he always needs it done whenever he goes out as Peter Stark. But Steve, the poor sob, seems extremely uncomfortable having a woman pressing brushes against his face.
“And then Peter just appeared there, all dressed up, with the pretty date and all, and he just runs off again,” MJ says with a glint in her eyes. Peter hides his face away in his hand, especially when he sees a couple of the homeless look at him in confusion.
“Hey Bruciebear, I’m sending you more stuff to your tablet,” Tony says, only using his mind to do so. Bruce’s tablet makes an affirming sound after receiving the files.
“You go get washed up. I’ll finish with Happy downstairs with listing everything down and then we’ll go get something to eat. Oh and your friend Ned apparently is going to come by – something about Star Wars? I told FRIDAY to just let him in.”
Alright, let’s see what secrets this grandpa holds,” Tony says, clicking open a few folders but finding mostly reports on however they’ve advanced in their breakthrough. He already puts his phone on the table, tapping away on a few buttons before pressing on ‘confirm’. With that, all the data that is currently on this computer is being downloaded onto his memory.
Peter leaves the house as quickly as he came, making his way to the park. When he sees Iron Man fly by again, he can see he’s carrying Cap with him. There’s probably something happening again, but he figures they can handle it without him, right? They’ve done so for years before he ever became a hero.
Yaël even had to blink a few times to get the blurriness and black dots out of her sight. She felt dizzy, like, a tired kind of dizzy. If she could just lay down for a minute…  But instead, Yaël managed to surprise Hela with a boulder crashing into her back and then ramming her onto the ground.
freedom you’re playing with here, right?” Tony asks. He casts another short look, finding something in there that he doesn’t quite disagree with.
Tinkering at school and then coming across one of the criminals from yesterday, Peter dares to say that his school day was everything but dull. He and Ned come to the agreement to meet up after school, but before Peter heads back home, he needs to make a quick stop at the Compound.
“Go get him, tiger,” she says shortly. Peter nods.
Tony taps his case with a nod.
“That was
A few minutes later, she was making coffee for Scott, who was still giving a class.
What does that make of him?
“How’s Peter doing?” he asks FRIDAY.
It's a short one. Caspinn and I came up with it a while back when we were discussing baby-names for Yaël's kid.
“Ah, well, for your son’s hand in marriage, of course!”
With a few movements between the fireballs, Yaël managed to make the concrete crack and build a wall around her sister. Of course, in between, she still had to dodge the fire Nilla was now steering in big, strong strings, aggressive enough to set a whole forest on fire.
He goes to the movies with Ned after a little while, but even there he can’t seem to enjoy himself. In the end, he always ends up in the hospital, holding his father’s hand between his own. And Tony’s awake, though he’s not always entirely there. His concentration is close to zero, and he keeps on forgetting simple facts. Sometimes he thinks Steve is about to walk in to the room. Other times he insists on going home, claiming that there’s nothing wrong with him.
“My hair is blue,” she continued.
“This shit’s like, insane, man!” Miles gets out while he hastily tries to get the package to open. Taking out the phone, he realizes it feels light in his hand. “This is like the only phone made out of Vibranium! They are super rare!”
“Loki, what have you done?” she asked with a grin.
“Yes, William?” they ask, simultaneously.
“And also so very old.”
Putting his hand behind Peter’s head, he pulls him even closer.
When another two weeks passed, he realized something had to be done.
“They have noticed that you get a lot of media-attention, in a very bad way. And you using your powers started freaking people out since they haven’t forgotten what had happened during the Chitauri attack, Yaël.”
“So what, your way of apologizing is by asking me if I can arrange you a date with my friend?” Peter mutters out.
“About ten minutes ago or so. I immediately went to help May in the kitchen,” Steve explains. Right at that exact time, May comes in with another steaming pot.
,” FRIDAY reveals. Tony shrugs.
“Peter, are you alright?!” somebody – is that Steve? – asks. Peter coughs a bit more, squeezing his eyes shut before nodding. Then he tries again to break loose, feeling the arms around him loosen and then he’s out, falling forward until he hits the ground again. Immediately, he tries to stand up again stumbling a little bit more.
“I don’t want you to off the guy, okay? Just keep an eye on him, make it clear to him that if he
It must be awful knowing he’s not allowed to join them.
Peter tries to focus on the person standing there, but he can’t see who it is. “Yeah, I bet. Should I go and say hi?”
Peter shrugs, pulling up his shirt and revealing the small scar he still has because of it. The one on his back is bigger than this one, since this was the exit wound.
“Uh,” Flash says, unintelligible.
“I do?”
“I'm afraid you weren't there anymore,” Rhodey explains. “Neither was Nakia as far as I know. Okoye was there, but she hadn't been involved with the whole time-travel part I guess.”
“Yeah, that was him. Mrs. Potts almost resigned after that, did you know?” Francis laughs as he drops the cup of coffee on Peter’s workbench and puts his hands in his pockets. “I think their relationship is mainly the reason why she decided to stay, after all.”
“We need to find out why the bite worked on Peter anyway,” Tony says. “A bit earlier, he said that the bite only worked on his DNA, which means that…”
Peter nods. “Yeah, but… I mean, when did you even-?”
knows, other than the Avengers?
For once,Yaël wasn't bound to wires at all, she was just stuck in the cage. There were lights shining through the windows of the cottage. It must really be cozy in that tiny house right now, with the sound of the rain ticking on the roof.
But Christmas-time, she and Tony decided to spend at the mansion in Malibu. That never happened, of course, as she ended up with a literal smoking-hot body, using one of Tony’s suits to finally put an end to Aldrich Killian. Tony got rid of the Arc Reactor, decided to get some help for his panic attacks. Things went better. When they came back to New York, they learned Thor had some mission of his own in Greenwich, and then Natasha left again, joining Steve in Washington where they were doing their own SHIELD-mission.
I feel like I need to clarify a few things:
He then feels Steve shake his head before the super-soldier pulls away again. Sharing a look, Steve takes a deep breath.
Luckily Yaël was still in a very low ranked cell. She had noticed the Grandmaster didn’t take those gladiators very seriously as the cells weren’t extremely secured. Of course, the things were water- and fireproof, but the locks weren’t that hard to open if you had the chance to potter with them a bit. Despite that the lock had a very complex pattern to crack.
“What do you expect me to think about that?” Yaël laughed. This guy was weird but so, so great. Well, as long as he didn’t start throwing plates around the place. That was of course something she wouldn’t forget that easily.
“We’ll figure it out. We can still ask Scott if he could help us,” Steve assures him. Tony lets out a shaky breath, but then he nods as well. And if Scott can’t help – it’s still a long way back, after all – he’ll just invent something. He’ll sneak that time stone out of the Sanctorum and he’ll analyze it, and he’ll work his fucking ass off to get something working.
“Put the tablet down now, Johnny’s almost here,” she tells him. Reed frowns.
Shit.
Tony gives Pepper a short look. She nods at him.
“Of course,” Tony says. “I’ll stick my AI on it.”
he thinks to himself. Then as if the AI listened to his thoughts, her voice comes up in the air.
“Hi Peter, your Dads are arguing again, aren't they?” he asks. Peter sighs and shrugs.
New York is strangely quiet this Sunday evening. Peter doesn’t know where he’s walking to, really, until he finds himself right in front of the entrance to Stark Industries. Seeing as it’s a Sunday, there aren’t many people walking in and out of the building. Still, Peter finds himself evading a few hurried workers who can’t seem to get home fast enough.
“Somehow, don't ask me how, they travelled back to a point in time before Thanos ever invaded us, though before that happened, in that alternate timeline-“
He always tried to hide them or at least keep them folded neatly, but every time he got a guitar in his hands, he forgot to focus on them, which caused his wings to naturally open or sometimes even flutter a bit. Yaël always loved these moments, because Icarus’s wings were really magnificent, and it was a shame he tried to keep them as discrete as possible.
not gentle! He takes off his sunglasses. “You got a sec?”
“Not yet. I’m trying to get to know him a bit better first. I want to know if he’s the kind of person I want as my
With trouble, he manages to stammer out his name. “Peter Parker, sir.”
Peter laughs as well. “I might have suspected, yeah.”
“And you can’t let me in?”
“They caught him. They’ve got him somewhere, here. Dr. Cho and her scientists are trying to find a way to cure him from whatever he’s got,” she tells him. Then the door opens again – gently, it seems like nobody wants to make too much noise here – and Mr. Stark walks inside the room. When he sees that Peter is awake, relief shows all over his face.
“You can ask, but you might not survive,” Clint says with a wink. Peter laughs, too, for a moment just leaning back and enjoying the company. After another hour, he and Tony say their goodbyes to them. It doesn’t surprise Peter that Tony is very talkative the entire drive home. He tries as much as he can to act normal, but right now all he wants to do is find Pepper and ask her about it.
In a quick step, Peter gets to the driver’s side, instead. The moment he closes the door, the man – who is he, even? – shows him how to start up the car and gives him brief instructions on how to work with everything. Peter follows every step, eventually backing up the car without touching any of the students around him.
Yaël shrugged “I don’t know, man, that guy talks in riddles all the time,” she said, hoping her pokerface looked good enough. “So, how’s the internship?” Distraction. Distraction is good!
Tony, though… Peter knows Tony has a very active… life like
“What is that thing?” she asks. Peter spits out some blood on the side before answering.
Tony leaves for Wakanda the next night. The flight takes about eleven hours, and Tony’s feeling like he’s not at all mentally prepared to go and visit the King of Wakanda to look over the accords. It’s not that he can’t see eye to eye with T’Challa. In fact, they’ve been talking to each other once in a while to arrange this meeting.
Peter, though… he’s lost all control of his body. He hadn’t even noticed throwing himself on the ground, but here he is, grabbing at the black goo that is suddenly starting to come off his suit. It’s resisting, really hard. The suit tries to escape from the sound, but at the same time doesn’t want to let go. And Peter feels powerless, his ears about to explode from the noise.
“THANOS KILLED HULK’S FRIEND!” he shouts out. Tony doesn’t listen further to it. Having finally reached Peter, he drops down on his knees and reaches out for him. He’s aware of the other person lying down on their back. Loki is already sitting by them, so Tony can only just imagine who it is.
Everyone looked up, a bit confused, except for the cloaked man. He was the only one who reacted.
“Well, I need to give the kids some time to choose and reschedule some stuff, so…the day after tomorrow. Please stop looking at me as if you’re going to throw the chessboard at me.”
“You tell ‘im, Tony,” she cheers on lowly. Once again, she surprises Peter by using his first name like that. Tony smirks again.
“’Piece of ass?’ Is that really your best way of describing me?” he asks, horrified. Tony rolls his eyes.
“Have you been taking your medications?” Steve asks in worry. Tony then laughs it out.
“Don’t do this,” he tells him. “Don’t start blaming yourself.”
He stays there for a few seconds before he realizes something isn’t right.
to school to know what that means,” Mr. Stark grumbles back. Then he gets an angry look from the other man, who seems like he’s at the verge of striking Mr. Stark down as well.
“Mister X? It’s Yaël.”
, she thought.
“I prefer Politically Correct Queen of the Universe,” Felicia adds to it jokingly. MJ gives her a short look before winking.
Natasha sees what he’s doing here. It’s smart, but on the other hand it’s also extremely uncomfortable. It’s obvious enough in everybody else’s faces. Steve looks red, again. James is looking at his hands, Sam is looking at the ground. Only Clint holds on to the eye contact.
“Oh, c’mon man, I don’t need training wheels!” Peter complains. He jumps on the bed as he swings his arms around, feeling too active to just be lying down there. Ned still hesitates, though. “I’m sick of him treating me like a kid all the time, it’s not cool!”
He winks towards Barnes, feeling like the guy might need a little push to feel comfortable. Natasha seems happy that he’s trying like that. Before he leaves the room he can see her slotting her arm in his as she pulls him along.
To be honest, Tony wants nothing more than to see Steve. He misses him, so much that it constantly hurts the scar on his chest. He’s on a permanent feeling of suffocation, and at night the nightmares have become too real now that there’s no Steve there beside him.
Around October, Aunt May had enough of it. She practically pushed Peter into a psychiatrist’s office, where he got to go for a few sessions. There he was diagnosed with a depression and PTSD. As if he didn’t have enough on his mind…
“H-Harry?” Peter whispers out, opening his eyes again. Aunt May nods sadly.
“I take my meds, don’t worry,” Tony says, waving the concern off. “I had Happy throw all alcoholic drinks out, Dr. Cho comes by every day to check on me. Have I told you I have a bit of super-soldier serum in me, too?”
He’s just being overdramatic.
“Close your eyes, it’s going to get bright for a few seconds,” Mr. Stark warns him, and Peter listens, putting his free hand over his eyes and shielding them from the bright blue glow that surrounds them shortly. Once it’s gone, he opens his eyes again, taking a good look around them.
“But you already raised the alarms and security is already on the way-“
No time to think about it. Peter continues his swinging, not thinking about the others upstairs. He can help Strange in the meantime. Surely, the guy isn’t going to be picky about it.
Steve’s mouth falls open from the sudden brain-vomit that came out of Tony. Before he can respond to it, Tony shuffles forward a bit, squeezing Steve’s hands. He presses their foreheads together as their eyes stare into each other.
“Is he afraid Oscorp’s going to turn on him?” she asks curiously.
They head to the lab, where Bruce and Hope are seated, waiting for anything news. May is sitting next to him, looking at the screen with worry on her face. When somebody clears their throat, the three look up in surprise.
She’s about to open up her mouth when suddenly the door opens up again, revealing Steve and Tony to walk inside. They give the two a small wave, and Steve returns the gesture. When he walks ahead of Tony, the engineer instead points towards Steve’s ass and mouths ‘Oh my god!’.
“But you’ve been searching for a boyfriend ever since that intern of yours got dumped?” he counters. Darcy rolls her eyes.
“He, uh… he had another seizure. They kicked me out, but Strange’s in there with them.”
“What do you mean?”
The door was already open. Of course it was, Peter’s aunt had let Yaël in via the intercom so she knew who was going to walk through the door.  The handle was wet and Yaël immediately noticed why: miss May was doing the dishes.
Wanda mutters into his ear, and Peter hums out in understanding. He should have known that finding the ultimate super-spy will be the most difficult task there is.
“How about a chase?” the Cat suddenly asks. Before Peter can ask what she means, she suddenly pushes him on his back until he falls down. On instinct, he starts shouting before remembering that he still has his webs. Quickly, he swings himself over to the next building, seeing a dark shadow passing over him.
“Could you please
“I just never know if you’re joking or not,” Steve admits. Tony smirks in return.
What is Steve thinking right now? What is he even doing? It’s about six hours later all the way in New Asgard, so Steve’s probably… uh. Wait, what time is it even?
“Tony?” she asked quietly.
They arrived at a more open space, located at the front of the ship. The place was filled with people and Korg, Miek, Hulk and Heimdall were standingon a raise. What kind of weird board meeting was this going to be?
Peter shoves him in the arm because laughing along. Leaning back to the side, he crosses his arms and gives Tony a fake glare.
“Say, Wade, did anyone inform Peter about this?” Yaël randomly asked him.
“Oh, right, I’m sorry. Your Dad’s being an idiot again.”
“I’m- I’m sorry! I just… You startled me,” Peter says quickly, stuttering over his words. The teenager just rubs his wrist, hissing upon the contact. Peter’s sure there’ll be bruises on the skin after a little while.
“I’m not a babysitter!” Felicia returns angrily. The thing that had been electrifying Venom up until now seems to have run out. Venom grunts again, slowly regaining control of Eddie’s body once more.
“Dad, don’t you have anything better to do?” Peter asks in annoyance. Tony jumps up before snorting in his coffee. Then he drops his cup and holds up his hands.
Two way too familiar brown eyes stared at her anxiously.
“For crying out loud, spit it out, Storm,” Tony interrupts him. Johnny chuckles nervously before turning to look at Wade next to him.
At one point while she tried steering the four elements at the same time in such an amount that she was trying to make 4 persons out of her powers at the same time, her powers came back to her.
, who even says that anymore?
“Sir, I don’t know how to thank you for this great gift,” her voice skipped here and there “If this is death, then I couldn’t be more grateful for it!”
There’s more hesitation coming from the woman in front of him. When she raises her head again, her brown eyes are filled with tears.
“Dum-E! You idiot, I said a
“Yeah, well, being the son of Tony Stark I don’t need to identify myself all the time,” Peter mutters. Gwen laughs again, but she doesn’t wait until Peter follows to get inside.
“I could have, but the state that you were in? The drinking? The destructive behavior? It just
“You said something about blood? Is Tony hurt?”
“Never get in a relationship, Rogers,” Tony then says in an attempt to be funny. “It’s only doomed to end eventually.”
“How could you
Tony lifts up a hand and rubs his chin nervously while averting his eyes. The floor looks nice, though Tony wonders who ever thought it was a good idea to bring carpet here. It’s just begging for allergic reactions, especially with all those fossils of the board.
Eventually, Peter pulls back, keeping his hands on Wanda’s shoulders. “When did you get here? How
“Thanks,” Yaël answered sarcastically “I haven’t had any money to take care of it.” Wade was right. Yaëls blue hair was turning lighter and lighter and her darker hair started showing again at the roots.
Steve and Yaël decided to walk around the big domain, enjoying some fresh air. It was quite cold outside, so they were both wearing their jackets and scarves. For a moment, they weren’t talking, just walking.
,” FRIDAY states. Tony makes a movement with his hand to remove everything from the screen, and then pulls up the designs from the suit he’d been wearing during the fight with the giant-robot guy. Right in that instant, the door opens up, revealing a clearly-annoyed Steve Rogers.
Peter wipes a tear away, shrugging as he finds himself unable to give his Dad a straight answer.
That’s the major question indeed. How is it possible that Tony is standing in front of Mary Parker’s home fifteen years in the past? How is it that a stupid watch he got from freaking Deadpool actually got him to this time? How is it even that Tony trusted the guy enough to take his strange devices?
, actually, being only sixteen.
It’s time to see his son.
“You are getting changed, and after that you can go to sleep,” the man warns him. Aching all over his body, Peter groans when he listens and forces himself back on his feet. It should be embarrassing that Tony is helping him get dressed, but with how heavy his limbs are feeling Peter’s pretty sure he couldn’t have done this on his own.
That morning she had received a text from Steve, saying he and the team were going on a mission again, this time all the way in Lagos, where-ever that was. Only Vision and Rhodey stayed at the compound, while Stark, being retired from the Avengers, stayed in the tower instead, as usual. Yaël hadn’t even seen the man walk around in the compound in the two months after she got there, which was a great addition for her plan.
. That doesn’t mean Tony is going to keep on giving in here.
And Peter suddenly feels extremely bad. Not in a sick way, but in a
“Then tell me,” Peter almost begs. “Tell me what happened. Maybe I can work on it?” But Tony shakes his head, suddenly stopping in his tracks while giving Peter a long look.
Images flash in front of Tony; countless dead bodies. Blood. Slaughtered people with limbs thrown all over the place. Peter’s lifeless body falling down on the ground…
“Don’t lose this, it indicates that you have clearance to the top floors. Just hand this to the receptionist downstairs and he’ll make sure your badge is changed accordingly.” Peter then thinks back of Lincoln downstairs.
“It was not a question, the other option is death.”
,” Peter says, uncertain. Tony refrains himself from rolling his eyes. He knows Peter’s not, because he just came from there. But he won’t mention that, of course.
“She caught me making out with the Black Cat, so it’s not like I blame her.”
“There another party tonight?”
“It’s the least you can do after ruining my relationship and using me to break into my dad’s stuff!” Peter shouts at her. Felicia’s eyes go wide at that comment. Then she scowls.
“So how’s Tony? You should invite him! We should like, h-hang out rrrright now!” Steve shook his head and put her back on her feet, looking a bit cautious to see if she’d fall down again.
“I think you have to disinfect it firstly,” he countered wisely when Yaël had finally found something to smear on her wound. Oh, great, so now she had to search for a disinfectant too. Before she could even open one of the cabinets, Vision already pulled the bottle out one of the drawers, like he knew where it was in forehand.
“Don’t tell me you were in that crash?” Mr. Stark asks. Peter just chuckles lightly, despite not really feeling happy about it.
“No, because it can create interdimensional portals, which is exactly what I need to get back home to my family.” Tony barely realizes he’s talking a bit too loud. Awkwardly, he lets out a short cough. “I don’t need the power of the stone. I don’t need it as a weapon. I just need the numbers and stuff…”
“Yeah, I’ve arranged the plane to take her to New Asgard. So far from what Jane has shown me they’ve built it up pretty nicely,” he explains. “Those Asgardians are incredible!”
“Or, if you want to tell me about Gwen, I would love to hear about her as well.”
comes through the comm link. It’s Steve! Peter sags in relief, feeling the tears flow over his face again. Steve must have heard him crying. “
!” LL says, running up to Tony and high-fiving him with a wide smile. Tony, too, can’t keep his smile down. He chuckles lightly before pulling his microphone up again.
“Why are you taking over the control room? Did you start a revolution of yourself already? I’m just here to open the locks of the cells and to find one of these colourful pop-up maps. You know, to find the way to all the cellblocks, because the exit needs to get opened by hand for security reasons-”
“Not this time,” Peter mutters, pointing his web-shooters in the Goblin’s direction and hitting him right in the face with his webs. A shout comes out of the Goblin’s mouth, and his stance on his glider seems compromised. The other heroes catch up on it, and everybody hurries back towards him almost at the same time.
“You always seem to think you need more training, whilst I find you being unpolished one of your strongest points.”
Tony shakes his head. Normally he would request his tablet so he could do some research but since his own mind can do the exact same thing it’s not necessary anymore. Steve puts a hand on Tony’s cheek, giving him a sad look before kissing his lips shortly.
No! No way his mind is going there!
Norman holds out his arm like any gentleman would do. The bastard.
The moment Peter makes eye-contact with him, the Goblin throws down a smoke-bomb that surrounds them in a wide circle. Another wide and creepy smile appears on his face, but he does not approach. Neither does Peter, who suddenly feels something extremely uneasy in his chest.
As Peter lies asleep next to him, Tony takes his time to look at his son. Really look at him. He’s spent two weeks in complete radio-silence with no kind of news coming from him. It saddens Tony to see his boy so worn out. He looks like being tired is his main setting; there are dark circles under his eyes, which seem permanently red. His boy looks broken, at the verge of tears. Now that the high of the suit has come down and realization has hit, it has gone downward for his boy.
“Yeah?” he asks, wondering who it could be. Aunt May usually knocks and then enters the room, so it can’t be her. A small part wishes that it’s Tony, but he knows that’s just wishful thinking. Of course Tony won’t be there to pay him a small visit.
“You know what, Johnny? How about you go suck on a lemon for a change and leave me the fuck alone, huh?”
Happy asks. Peter pulls his phone away, suddenly remembering Tony telling him there’s a tracker on his suit. Crap, how could he have forgotten about that? Of course he would know where Peter is!
But this can’t be? There’s just no possible way for her to have known, right?
Huh, Tony
“What the-?” he starts, but right when he’s about to jump down himself to help her out, she skillfully grabs onto the ledge of another building and pushes herself forward. The movement, the certainty this girl is showing. It’s mind-blowing, Peter realizes. Before he knows it, he’s swinging after her.
“Dad! Stop it!” Peter almost shouts, pulling the phone away again. Tony is shivering as Peter clears his throat and swallows. “Sorry, Steve. Dad was panicking because you aren’t here. I just thought he should hear your voice for a moment.”
“How is he doing?” he asks.
A few hours later, Yaël was laying on her back on a filthy floor in a bar. A random dude used her belly as a pillow while they were thinking about weird ways to say their names. Not that Yaël would remember his name afterwards.
He never found him in the end. Peter did have that date at Gwen’s, had an embarrassing discussion with Gwen’s dad, and eventually revealed to her who he really was. That evening, it was safe to say that Gwen was officially his girlfriend. It was November.
Well, no, it was only Raido’s head. His neck stopped at a point where someone sloppily chopped it off off, with pieces of dead flesh still hanging here and there. Yaël quickly squeezed her eyes shut again. Somehow Raido grabbed her and started yelling at her to wake up. But how was that possible, he was as dead as possible. So she yelled back as hard as she could, maybe that would drift his spirit or whatever was stalking her, away from her.
No, better keep out of his way. Peter sighs and pushes his skateboard forward again. It feels good to just travel around like any ordinary teenage kid would do. Sure, it’s awesome being Spider-Man, but sometimes he misses being normal a bit.
“What did I do?” Tony asks. Steve just rolls his eyes, getting into the elevator that will bring them down. Tony doesn’t get an answer, but he doesn’t go looking for it. In all honesty, he’s feeling a bit nervous about who he’s going to come across. Given the reaction of the other Avengers, he doesn’t really think he’s very loved in here.
“What are you even doing here? How did you get here?” Yaël asked not quite friendly as she tried to get up, but that movement send a sting of pain through her whole body, which made her give in immediately, like the pain was electrocuting her.
Or, somebody else, that is. Because when he told Rhodey, all he got was laughter and a ‘I knew there would at least be
“I didn’t do enough.” Then, as Tony recovers again from the sudden fit, Steve pulls his hand away, leaning back against the chair he’s put next to Tony’s bed. “But that’s going to change now.”
“Heya, guys! Everytin’ cool?” the guy asks. Tony’s often unsure on how to call him, but he keeps it with LL. He’s
“No, it’s fine, Pepper doesn’t mind, do you Honey?”
“Heya, kids. Anybody know where I can find a certain Captain America?” he asks.
He’s back. He did what was necessary to save his boy. And now he’ll go and see him.
“Ever thought about movie-nights? You can do horror-Saturday or something?” he suggests. Clint and Sam suddenly have wide smiles on their faces, while Bruce pales upon the mention of it.
“No, you’re right. Take her flying, instead! Works like a charm!” he says. May grins.
Peter doesn’t respond.
, one wouldn’t say we’ve been dating for the past three and a half months by the look you’re giving me here,” Tony jokes, though it doesn’t help with the clenching inside of his heart. Has it only been three and a half? Tony would like to think they’re together for longer than that… Then he holds up the box. “Do you want to see something cool? I pulled it from dad’s archives a little while back.”
He sounded a bit aggressive, which made Yaël only wanted to back off more. This wasn’t her friend talking to her.
“You can just come inside, head on upstairs, help yourself to some drinks. It’s all for the taking,” Rosie says while pointing inside. Steve thanks her and the four of them walk inside. Peter has been here before, but for Bruce, Steve and Tony it’s all new.
“Oh, hi, Wolvie!” Wade snickered when Logan turned around to face him. “Missed ya,” the big raisin added with a wide, playful grin. Wait, was he triggering Logan while she was standing there too? Oh, no, Yaël had nothing to do with this! She didn’t want the Wolverine’s wrath upon her, so she tried to escape, but got pulled back instantly.
“He’s just busy with a presentation today, he doesn’t need to be bothered with stuff like this.” That, and he could rage some more against her. She didn’t want to give him that pleasure, even though she remembered the doubt she had seen on his face after he had walked into her bedroom the day she arrived at the compound. Maybe he wasn’t such a big dick as he let her stay in the compound after all.
- Out of control Peter
“Too shy or too scared?” Natasha teased.
Tony doesn’t smile, which makes Peter think that it’s serious enough. Not really in the mood for that right now, he resumes the walk back to the table. There, he hands out waffles to everybody, getting appreciative looks in return.
“Does he know?” Steve asks, and Tony shrugs.
“Eh, I guess, he’s kinda cool…Yaël, you won’t believe this but I swear it’s true. Tony Stark is my father.” Peter looked at her, seemingly expecting her to freak out. It was hard to explain, the name sounded familiar, but Yaël couldn’t remember why. So Yaël dug and dug into her memories, which weren’t a lot to dig through.
But as Peter turns his head, an old, withered poster of the last Fifty Shades of whatever color they were going for in the last movie is still trying its best to keep on hanging against the wall. He gives it a short look, not at all seeing the appeal for it.
“Oh my God, I can’t believe you’re making me have this conversation,” Steve had muttered, rolling his eyes and turning his head towards the window to avoid looking at her. “Look, I’m not… into men, alright? I’m just not… interested.”
“I thought you of all people would have taken this more seriously, Steve.”
“What do you know about interdimensional travel, sir?” Gwen asks, walking up to Tony’s desk and leaning against it with her arms crossed. Tony gives her a look, taking away his attention from his current project.
Right, she’s here, too…
But it is. Because how can Tony pretend everything is alright when he knows how Steve grunts when Tony is punching him right in the face? How can Tony think it’s okay when he clearly remembers the blood dripping out of Steve’s nose, him begging for Tony to stop.
Steve tries to listen to T’Challa’s words. He stays put for now, until at least he hears some more news. He calls the phone again and again, but quickly comes to realize that nobody’s picking up. The first day, it’s bearable. He’ll just fight it out in the training center.
And Steve just has to make it worse by speaking.
“Once is enough, otherwise the person wearing this would be in some trouble when the signal is disturbed,” Mr. Stark says, sounding pensive. A little further back, Steve is leaning against the desk, watching Mr. Stark work. “Cap, honestly, you’re killing me with your death-stare. What do you need?”
But that’s not difficult; the last time, Harry had been trying to strangle Peter with his legs.
“Hello, Mr. Stark,” one of the women says. She’s wearing a white coat over her dark blue scrubs. Her auburn hair is put up in a messy bun, and she looks somewhere in the thirty years old, though Tony can’t really tell right now so it could be forty as well. The look she’s giving makes it clear that she’s not here to mess around. Tony smiles at Pepper when she comes to sit next to him and allows her to grab his hand. It doesn’t hurt him anymore, being near her. It’s good, to be able to feel like they’re friends again. “I’m Dr. Palmer and I’m your physician today. How are you feeling at the moment?”
It goes on for a bit before the dance floor starts emptying a bit. Casting a look towards their table, Peter is glad to see Tony clearly in a discussion with Rhodey about something, with T’Challa and Bruce giving them an amused look.
Then he leans his head back, rubbing his eyes once more while yawning.
“You know, just the usual things. How did I get dragged into this? How am I going to make it out of this shit. How I wasn’t there for you when I clearly saw you needed my help.”
Tony laughs then. He’s about to comment about liking his sense of humor, but then T’Challa’s phone goes off. The King looks down to his pocket, and he fishes out a device that looks maybe even more advanced than the latest Stark Phone. Maybe Tony can get some inspiration in his coming few days here.
“What?! No!” Tony almost shouts back.
Steve nods. He’s probably right. They all return to their room, and Steve keeps the phone next to him, ready to pick up when it goes off again.
“You don’t know how proud I am, Peter. And I think, with a little bit of mentoring, you might even get to be a part of the team.”
” Steve admits. Tony pats him gently on the shoulder, and Steve turns his face again until it’s pressed against the pillow.
“Yes, Dr. Cho is with him in medical. Doing some tests. I’m looking at the blood results right now, it’s really incredible how much a little piece of Steve’s liver can almost completely change a person,” Bruce says, still sounding surprised while looking at the papers.
“Nothing, I’m A-okay,” Peter deadpans. “Bye.”
“Sure, or… if you want… we could go somewhere next week and it’ll just be, you know, the two of us?” Steve winks at him, crawling up his hand to Tony’s lower arm.
“ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!” Peter feels his whole body shaking.
“Actually, many already have,” Ross clarifies. Sue’s mouth falls open. Can anybody actually
“Of course I’m not just
“As if it isn’t.” Rhodey crosses his arms and stares Tony down. “Tony you experienced the worst thing imaginable for any parent. And I’m sorry that you had to go through that back then. But your paranoia over Peter’s safety is going to chase everybody off.”
me, but it’s not like I’ll run in to him, right? Besides, if he’s so butthurt about it, he can just kiss my-“
“You know who,” he says. “And that friend of yours can come, too, as long as he can watch his language around the kids.”
Peter picks up his bag to put the papers away. After that, he fishes out the copy of his schedule that he made in the library earlier. He gives it a short look before handing it to Mr. Stark. The man doesn’t take it from him, instead pointing towards the desk in a motion that he should just put it there.
“PETER!” Tony shouts before he can think better of it. Steve takes care of the two aliens that are trying to get to him before he starts running in Peter’s direction. Tony hurries behind him. They won’t get to Peter in time, won’t be able to stop him. He’s going to get hurt. No, he’s going to get killed.
“I propose we don’t train tonight,” he patched her up with some bandages.
“What?! Why?” she didn’t get it, what did she do wrong?
“Doesn’t matter! He is a teenager and you’re, like, thirty!”
Warnings: See end notes
one?”
A sweet looking woman with cool glasses opened the door. She didn’t look like an aunt, or maybe the cool, hippie kind of aunt that only appears at family parties with incredible stories to tell… Was Yaël even at the right place?
“You mean that whiplash-guy? He’s the son of the man that helped invent the arc-reactor?” Peter asks, dropping down his hand when he figures that Dum-E isn’t back yet. Francis just shrugs.
“Okay, whatever, circles aren’t that important. You draw whatever the fuck you want as long as it is a mix of geometric and sketched figures.”
Tony agrees. “Yes, I’ll be there. But watch out, it’ll probably be the last time you’ll ever see me at a board meeting.”
He struggles, fights to be freed, but the chute sticks to him like it’s afraid to let go. Realizing he needs to think
“Stark,” is the first thing Steve says when the doors slide open. Tony doesn’t startle from it, already aware of how Steve used to make his entrance back in the day.
“Yeah, but, I thought she was secretly crushing on Peter all the time, you know?” Ned asks out of the blue, and both Harry and Peter turn to him with eyes open wide. Ned blinks a few times, not understanding what he said wrong. “What is it?”
“I’ll make sure to keep an eye on these two,” Gwen assures him then, nodding towards the two next to them. “I’ll guide them back together.”
Peter huffs, a bit surprised by the sudden news.
Mr. and Ms. Thompson were always very kind to Yaël, unlike other elderly people she worked for. Most of them just let her work in silence, ignored her existence or criticized her blue hair. Once, a man even told her he was intimidated by her eyes, so Diego had scratched this man from her working schedule. But this couple, the Thompsons always brought her drinks and cookies, smiled at her and called her ‘dear’. Yaël hoped Diego would never give this couple to another of his employee.
“And what did you tell him to do?” Steve smiled.
“Good luck,” she whispers to him before she, too, is out of the room. She closes the door behind her, leaving Peter alone with Steve and his dad.
Yaël turned the chalk against the board again, looked at it and immediately wiped it away again. She tried again, but failed over and over. Then she finally threw the chalk down and looked at the clock. Okay, so she had been trying to draw a circle on the chalkboard for about twenty minutes. She put her hands on her hips and let out a frustrated sigh. Then Yaël turned back to her students.
Steve then frowns again, looking even more confused than before. Lowering his water bottle, he shakes his head.
“Yaël, sometimes you need some change.”
“Th-th- this is the coolest thing I’ve ever seen!” Peter can’t contain his enthusiasm. He’s literally ecstatic all of the sudden, a bit euphoric at the idea that the suit is supposed to be
Dressed in clothing that Pepper once described as ‘casual chique’, and without the sunglasses, Tony is seated in the car, having parked it in front of the compound. A bit nervously, he takes a few more moments behind the wheel with the radio still playing loudly. It helps to calm his mind a bit, to have music blasting from all around him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve is here, next to him, and as they continue their kiss, Tony realizes that, all along, Pepper might have been right about this.
It’s nice.
“The highest bidder,” the Cat returns. Then she finally stands up and turns around to face Peter. Her eyes widen a bit when she looks at Peter’s form. “I gotta say, black looks way better. We kind of match now, don’t you think?”
“Wade?”
“Nothing happened, May just took over. You guys can go to sleep now, I’ll take it back over from her when she gets tired.”
And Natasha had given him a pensive look at that. She hadn’t brought it up anymore.
“Listen, I need you to remember one thing then, Peter.”
what’s wrong.
- Peter meets new people
?!” Peter asks loudly. Ned then shrugs with his arms raised up.
So she threw him a little smile instead, which he conceived completely differently.
“Well, Scott still is, but many years ago, back in the early nineties, Alex passed away.” She pointed at the pictures of two men, hanging above their open fire. There were many pictures of them, as babies playing on the beach, as kids on a horse mill with their grandmother, as teenagers playing baseball with their grandfather…
“Actually, my Dad isn’t CEO anymore. I mean, he owns the company, yeah, but Mrs. Potts is the boss for now.”
“Maybe he just…doesn’t want to meet you.” Auch, why the hell would somebody just reject her like that without giving her a chance? Unless…she once got a chance?
have any reason to ask about it.” Then Peter picks up his cellphone, seeing that he’s gotten multiple messages from Wade – all of them containing nothing other than heart-emojies which he ignores – and one from Yaël.
“Help me in this eternal embarrassment,” she muttered, looking up into the sky with the palms of her hands facing upwards.
“Well, what did you create today, Wade?” she asked.
“If your leg is fractured, don’t you need to make sure it heals the right way again?” Clint asks in confusion.
The sound is getting duller the closer they get to the site. There’s still some smoke, a few sparks from electricity cables that got destroyed along the way. The room where they’d just been sitting is now looking nothing like it did before. Peter mourns a bit for the Nintendo-system. Sam and Clint have now lost all their gaming-progress. That sucks…
“Queens, the kid’s house. Give him your address, kid.”
“Hey!” Wade yelled as his army of ducks swam off panicky, shocked by the stone. Yaël and Peter simply ignored him.
“Peter,” the Goblin says suddenly, leaning his head to the side but not losing his grin. “How’s Gwen?”
Tony just shakes his head and waves it off like it’s no big deal.
To be fair, it’s never happened before at all. Uncomfortable with the position, Peter rolls a bit to the side. His back aches, his hips aches. Heck, even his goddamn ass aches. Peter groans as he gets on his stomach. The stones on the street scrapes against his face.
“No!” Tony shouts then. Another shaky breath. “In what universe is this not a mistake? We can’t just wipe away all those punches I gave you. You were bruised and bleeding! And you want me to pretend that I’m not worse than my own father there?”
It’s rather fun, lying in bed, hands on his stomach, eyes on his boyfriend who is looking over the red and gold fabric of the robes. They’re both very much undressed, knowing full well that they’re not going to
“It’s weird, I feel like my answer is no on that one, but at the same time it’s not a complete struggle to just move around and do things, so I guess that’s a plus.”
“It’s, uh- I was- uh…” but then Peter’s eyes go wide, quickly looking around Tony in search for something. “Dad, where’s Steve?”
“You heard the man, FRI, let’s go ‘Flash’ with this piece of metal,” Tony says, and after that, the craft speeds up quicker than ever before.
“-we even thought him dead for long until he showed himself again during that Ultron-disaster! But Professor X! Man what’s it like, having him in your head?”
And so had Natasha.
The Steve hangs up, and Peter sighs. He supposes he should be doing what he was supposed to do here. He starts up the computer, watching Harry’s progress, but with Steve still on his mind.
Natasha on the screen passes a hand over her face.
He reaches out a hand, searching for Tony’s and linking their fingers together the moment he finds it. In his mind, he tries to think back. Back to that moment where his heart decided that being friends with Tony wasn’t enough.
Peter nods, leaning forward a bit more as he waits for his answer. Clint seems surprised that Peter’s not coming up with his own answer here.
“We’re going to see Steve,” he says with a smirk. “We’ll talk it all out, and after this weekend he’ll come and live with us again.”
Tony saw right through it, but he decided not to mention it. He started getting up, tapping Steve on his good shoulder twice before pointing at the door.
“There’s that old guy in the restaurant, with his moustache!” Dickhead Wade pointed out. Yaël cocked her eyebrow and glanced at him as a sign that he should shut up with his weird answers that no one understood. And then she got an idea, a way to make Peter feel better.
thought about it in the past. Getting married, have kids, a house whatever else. But… sweetie, I’m almost fifty. You’re… you’re basically thirty-two if you ignore the ice-time.”
She got in the shower, turned the water to some lukewarm temperature, which felt kind of cool to the rest of her skin, except for her burned shoulder. Yaël sat down and let the water stream over her.
“How is this possible?”
“Stalker,” Steve muttered back. “See you in a bit.”
Tony pulls him even closer, putting his head against Peter’s chest. Maybe he can hear it, right? He can focus on the sound, can drown out everything else until he finds the heartbeat. With his ear pressed on Peter’s ribcage, he listens. And he waits, for the one pump of Peter’s heart that will indicate that he’s alright.
“There was a spider in my pizza,” the man says with a dark and serious voice, face dark and gloomy all of the sudden. Now that he’s seeing him from so close, Peter can get a good look at the man. He must say, all those scars all over his body and even his face… this guy must have suffered quite a lot. Maybe he got a bit crazy because of it?
“You think anything came with it?” Tony tries.
“NO, WE’RE NOT GOING TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY THE GODDAMN FLUTE! Jeez, imagine the freaking headache…,” Yaël heard the door crack as it opened and stopped talking, or yelling. Standing there were Charles in company of Steve.
“I don’t really know how to bring it up, though,” Tony admits. Steve gives him a small smile and reaches out his hand again, resting it against Tony’s cheek.
“Natasha?” Peter asks in confusion. The penthouse is obviously empty beside for them two, which is weird on its own since Natasha wouldn’t just come here to chill; she’s got her own apartment two floors down for that. “What’re- what- uh- what are you doing here?”
“What’s wrong, Tony?” Steve asks, fingers still around Tony’s wrist, though he doesn’t seem to be aware of it. Tony, on the contrary, can’t help but be
“Harry-“ Peter starts, but he sees the other boy shake his head.
“No no no, Peter, that’s not how it works. You should just come to realize that I
“Well I’ll be damned,” Steve suddenly says. Peter startles, never really having heard the man swear before – if you can call that swearing, of course.
Peter grinned and lowered his head, feeling something inside of him that he hasn’t felt since Uncle Ben’s death.
Peter jumps up, ignoring the pain in his head. Much to his surprise the Black Cat remains standing there instead of running off again. Looks like she bored of it as well.
“So, a blind maid captured a skilled thief?”
“How could I have called him during this all?” Tony counters.
Finding that there’s nothing other than one more armed robbery, Peter quickly takes care of it as well, handing out the group of criminals to the police. The only thing he’s got from it is another gun-graze – which means that he’s been extremely lucky tonight, since that’s twice in one evening! (His reflexes don’t seem to be on their best today… He needs more warm-up.)
After a few minutes, Tony even pushes against Steve’s shoulder, making them roll over until Tony’s laying above Steve. Resting on top of him and not bothering to lighten his weight, he pulls his head back at last and just rests it on Steve’s chest.
“Dude, we all understand why you did that,” he says. “If you hadn’t, I’m sure Steve would have told you to go anyway.”
And Tony had been surprised, because apparently the Aunt knew as well. So Tony explained to her that he already knows about it, and they got to discuss at how they would tell Peter. Of course, by the time Tony left the room to get to the bathroom, no real plan had been put together and everything had just gone as an improvisation.
Besides, Peter doesn’t want to talk about himself. He’s done that enough, he’s tired of it. It’s rather nice to listen to Harry, for one.
Let’s just say that Tony needed a bit of a time-out, just to catch his breath. Which is why Steve suggested he’d look over the gowns that were given to them.
Meanwhile, back in the room of Otto Octavius, the arms start stirring. One of them, the top left one, leans towards the patient, tapping him gently on the shoulders. The patient stirs again, his head turning from the left to the right.
Peter glanced at Yaël, like he was waiting for her to freak out and scold him, but she didn’t. Instead, she kept her mouth shut and signed him to keep on talking. Peter looked a bit confused, but resumed his story.
“I can just imagine it. The apple doesn’t fall too far from the tree,” Tony jokes. “So how did you fix it?”
Sure, if asked, he could explain when he
“Venom has MJ,” Peter explains through his crying. Doing this inside the mask is never a good idea. Automatically he goes to his eyes to wipe the tears away, only to realize that he can’t. “He’s got her bound in the air, but I’m not sure if I’m going to walk into a trap. He’s probably possessed her to make sure I wouldn’t fight back.”
“These locks are sensitive to anything unnatural, so if I would try to forcibly open it, Mr. Stark would be immediately warned for it, and I promised Captain Rogers that I would not use my powers for those kinds of things,” Wanda explained. With that she lifts up the card again where Peter can clearly read her name. “Outside of training, they expect me to behave like a normal human would, just in case I would ever come to lose these powers and not become completely dependable of them.”
“School’s fine. Ned and I are still losers, but we’re okay with it. At least I am. It’s not like I’m going to see any of them again after I graduate,” Peter admits.
“In case you forgot the King of Wakanda is arriving in just two hours or so,” Pepper reminds him while Rhodey pulls the sleeping shirt from over Tony’s head with no shame at all. “In an hour the stylists will be here, so that means we have about that time to find Peter and get him to look decent as well.”
, meaning that, if he wanted, he could have just killed the boy.
“Look, sir, we’re very lucky she hasn’t accidentally drowned herself or put herself on fire. This is no woman you just put in a hospital,” Steve sounded more impatient than usual.
“She’s perfect,” he can’t help but say. Annie is pretty much the perfect mash-up of Peter and MJ, having Peter’s nose, freckles and mouth, along with MJ’s darker skin and greenish eyes. When she smiles, Tony sees that typical Stark-smile on his granddaughter face. He couldn’t be prouder.
Even through his sunglasses, Peter can see Tony glare at Rhodey.
Harry turns towards Peter, leaning his head on his shoulder as he looks at him. “I know but… they were still my hands. Just like impaling you during that one fight. The doctors told me you needed surgery after that?”
“I’m sorry, it’s just,” he takes a deep breath, “I
He’s also perfectly sure that the Captain will never speak a word about the hour he spent crying against his shoulder when the realization hits once again that Mary is dead
she says. Peter can’t help but laugh along. “
“C’mon, Dad,” Peter says on his right. Tony lets out another cough as he tries to fight through it. He needs to find his eyes, how does he open them? But, he knows where they are. They’re on his face. The problem is that they’re feeling extremely heavy. As if something has been dropped on top of it.
“It’s barely anything, you see?” he points out. “Besides, if that hadn’t happened, I’m sure I would be calling Tony Mr. Stark, still.”
Well, Peter would have expected Mr. Morita to say this. Instead, it’s Mr. Stark who marches up towards Wolverine and glares at him as if his look could kill him.
“Right, Tony.”
“Do you think they knew?”
It’s not even a question, in just a matter of seconds, Peter’s mobile rings and he sees that he’s received a text. In there, indeed, are a whole lot of override-codes, each with the description of what exactly they override.
Ahh nah, here we go
“Look,” Yaël conjured a flame in her hand, which grew bigger and bigger every second. “Feeling cold already?” she grinned at Hela, clamping onto her act even though her leg must be dead by now.  Hela’s lips turned a bit blue.
? Seriously?!” he complains, turning around a little bit to avert his eyes.
makes him happy. His life is going further, and he’s no longer having the feeling like being dragged along. Even this date has been
“If anybody’s gonna be the maid of honor, it’s me,” Natasha counters unimpressed.
“I just- We were in class and I, we, uh, Harry and I were laughing but then I, uh.”
Nonetheless, Peter loves to mess around with the other, less mature Avengers who don’t all act the age they’re supposed to be.
And the man talks; about how everybody agrees with the fact that Barnes had no control in what he did, that he was a victim of a bigger enemy, their puppet. They have his files, probably thanks to Natasha. They know everything that has happened. It’s a mutual agreement with everybody that he’s not to be held responsible for what happened. They clear his name on the spot, and applause comes up. Next to Barnes, Sam throws his arm over his shoulder and gives him a wide smile. Wanda, who is seated behind him, leans forward and pinches his arm lightly.
“So, what’s new in your life after all these months?” Yaël asked after she wiped away a few joyful tears. By just asking that simple question, it seemed like she just crushed his good mood. His smile quickly faded. Suddenly, Steve looked ten years older, yet he still tried to look happy…and failed.
“Dad?!” he shouts, banging the door now with his fist. If Tony fell asleep, Peter needs to wake him up one way or another. “FRIDAY, can you open up the door for me?”
“Why the fuck would she do that?!” Her crossed answer delivered her a slap in the face from her own little sister, which made the cat jump up and run off with a hiss.
fine! You look like that creep used you as his personal punching bag, which he probably did!” he tells him. Then he turns around and addresses the few people standing there. “Somebody get Dr. Cho here!”
“Oh crap, did we- you know?” the words spilled out before Yaël could even think about them. Peter didn’t answer. No… no, this wasn’t right! Normally, she wouldn’t care that much, but she wasn’t in the right state to go over this easily. She had just heard that somewhere across the universe, someone thought she was a part of him.
So Peter, blindly, types in the combination.
“Hey, I don’t care about that,” Steve assures him. “As long as, in the end, I still have both of you, I’m fine.”
“C’mon, we’re wasting time here,” the guy says. Peter nods, quickly following him out. Without saying anything else, the man guides him out of the school and onto the parking lot, where he seems to make his way to what looks like a very expensive
“Oh my God, what happened?!” he asks, already pulling at Peter’s arm until it’s hanging over his shoulder. Mr. Stark does the same, and together they start guiding him back inside. Peter wants to protest, because he can walk fine on his own – thank you very much – but then decides against it when he feels how much his back aches, again.
But Steve just starts to pretend-sing as if he’s in a musical, singing about the love of his life.
Tony finally looks up. His eyes are red again. It breaks Peter’s heart.
After biology finishes, Peter heads towards the math-classroom to hand in his extra credit work. The teacher just gives him a sore smile – still not over the fact that he tried to convince her Tony Stark has a bot named Dum-E – and packs it in with all her other stuff. Peter doesn’t waste too much time being nice to her, instead hurrying back to Ned.
in the room with them. Be it Peter, or Vision, or Rhodey… But now they’re alone.
“It’s me, sir, Mr. Stark! It’s Spider-Man,” Peter answers nervously. Out of all the heroes, it seems like Iron Man manages to make him nervous the most.
. Steve stayed by that sentiment as he went on his day. He went to the Smithsonian, went to visit Peggy a visit, and eventually headed back to his apartment where he even, despite everything, thought about asking the nurse across the hall – he didn’t even know her damn name – if she wanted to grab some coffee… What had become of him?
Then there was Rhodey, who focused more on her how she moved her body. Well, basically every single fucking time she moved, he told her to straighten her back or bend more through her knees. Even though it was annoying as hell, Yaël knew the man meant well. With all the training she did at that point, she needed to make sure she wouldn’t do any physical damage to her body by moving in wrong ways.
It’s somewhere after the first episode that their hands finally find each other again. Fingers tangled together, Tony allows himself to lower his head until it’s resting on Steve’s shoulder. Neither of them speak about it. And eventually, Tony’s eyes start closing and he’s slumbering away. He’s only barely aware of Steve putting him in the bed in a comfortable position and kissing him on the cheek before turning off the TV and joining him in sleep.
Peter ignores them, walking past them as he gets to the passenger’s seat. Then the guy stops him by putting his hand on Peter’s chest.
So Peter figures it’s best to just stay at his side at all times; that way he can make sure Ned doesn’t spill much more than that. That proves to be hopeless during gym, when he announces to the entire class that Peter ‘knows Spider-Man’!
“It’ll stabilize, it’s all under control!” Otto shouts back.
The little red light finally turned green and the glass door automatically slid open. Luckily all the employees had gone home already. Everything seemed to be made of glass, but Yaël wasn’t naive, she knew all of this was made of some sort of material that was unable to even crack. Just like the glass from the cage when she had been locked up. Yaël looked around while walking through a hallway, until she saw the familiar blonde hair behind of one of the ‘windows’.
“We don’t know more. SHIELD is on the scene. They’re helping out the survivors. Apparently, you met up with some guy in who shot Thor out into space.”
“What? I would have thought you’d think about this rationally, Steve! You know what I can do!” Peter shouts angrily.
“And he did,” Tony adds to Steve, who smiles and looks down. Then he puts his hand on the table, close enough to touch. Tony, not stupid at all, knows an invitation when he sees one. Without hesitation, he reaches up his hand, resting it on top of Steve’s and gently stroking his skin under his fingertips.
“Going to MIT, as I told you.”
“I’m here, Tony. I’m not letting you go until you’re ready,” Steve returns. Tony nods against Steve’s chest, feeling his breathing slowly even out again. Right when Tony’s about ready to tell him to pull away, another voice comes up.
He used to be full-time, but his injury has made it hard for him to be in action for long times. He’s not exactly in pain, but it’s not always easy. So sometimes he joins the battles (mostly the bigger ones that require extra assistance) and other times he stays behind the screens, offering help doing research.
box is filled with them?”
“He will be glad to hear that. Don’t tell him I said this, but he really enjoys giving the younger generations the chance of learning. Though there’s a chance you won’t really see much of him, I’m afraid.”
Steve doesn’t answer immediately this time. The line goes over, again and again, and for a moment Peter’s afraid that nobody will pick up. Then, his fear is pushed aside when Steve’s familiar voice fills the room again.
- Peter thinking he's going to die
“Yeah, then there’s the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen, but he’s been reported killed in action,” Ned admits. Peter feels a small, sad wave go through him. He never really got to meet the guy, but it’s still too bad to hear it. Dying to do what is right… Peter hopes that he never has to draw the short end of the stick during one of his battles.
,” suddenly an enormous holographic man appeared right above her.
“Why are you here? I thought you were too busy for-“
“Of course,” Hela smirked, but Yaël shook her head.
Perhaps the weirdest thing that has happened so far is the fact that Flash has gone from a foe to a somewhat friend. Sure, things are still weird, but Flash is no longer on the opposite side, whichever side that might be.
Have we come to the bitter end?
Peter puts a hand on her cheek, trying to turn her head so he can listen to her breathing. After confirming that she is in fact still getting her air, he leans back a bit in relief. It’s then that he notices something in her hand.
When she sees the picture, she starts shrieking happily.
“I can’t,” Tony admits.
“I- uh,” he mumbles out. Then suddenly, he gets a slap on his shoulder. Turning around, he comes to face Ned, who is grinning excitedly.
She looks horrible, in a way. Not in any obvious manner; her hair is dark again, though her strands are now a washed-out blue. There’s a scar somewhere on her forehead, and her cheeks are maybe a bit hollowed out. She seems to twist nervously, almost continuously looking around as if she’s expecting danger.
“What was that?” she asks, sounding a bit breathless. Tony shakes his head, blinking his eyes once and with that opening the locked door to the secure lab.
“That must be short for Mary-Jane, it’s beautiful,” he deduces. Peter holds back a snort. Ned corrects him.
The moment the beam is gone, Peter takes a quick look around to check the damage. His heart sinks when he sees Mr. Delmar’s shop there, in ruins. Immediately forgetting the criminals at his feet, Peter hurries outside to look for survivors.
“I love you.”
Mr. Stark laughs as he presses the button once more, though a little longer. This time, there’s a longer string of the web, and before it flies away Mr. Stark grabs a hold of it. The web is attached to the wall, so Mr. Stark gives it a good pull to check if it would break.
“No way, are you stalking me, lady?” Peter asks, annoyed. He can’t really describe what happened the last time they were together, but it’s not something he wishes to repeat. Or, he thinks so. His body’s very much in disagreement with his mind about that part, he realizes when his heart skips a beat upon seeing her.
“Make it five,” Tony tells Happy, who gives him a grin, nods, and then stamps his foot on the accelerator. The car speeds forward immediately.
Mary’s eyes are teary as she tears them from the screen towards Tony.
Yeah, Steve has no idea what that means.
“It’s like you’ve stolen the words right out of my mouth,” Steve whispers back in between the kissing. He allows Tony to push him back. Laying down, Steve doesn’t remove his eyes from Tony’s.
Steve shakes his head, despite the fact that Tony can’t see him. They run straight into a forest after a while, but Natasha keeps on knowing the way.
“Okay,” he returns, pretending like it’s not that big of a deal. “Are you- are you surprised?”
FRIDAY suddenly reveals. Tony curses again.
“Come on, let’s get you inside. We’ll explain everything to Tony and maybe he can help us getting you home.”
Steve shifts again. “Yet you still broke up with me?”
“Two men, they introduced themselves as Professor X and Nick Fury.”
“So…whaddup, Steve?”
Johnny’s not online, neither are Ned, Yaël and Harry. Wanda doesn’t have the app, and Peter’s not about to message Wade about how bored he is. With his luck, the idiot might actually appear at his window, trying to get in his pants again.
“I love you, Tony Stark. And I’m sure that you can figure this out. But working with Peter has always been… complementary. You always finish each other’s sentences.” Steve gives him a light kiss on the lips before pulling away.
“Yeah…sorry,” she didn’t want to be a burden.
close to just calling May,” Tony mutters, but at the same time he’s afraid of what May will say about this. The chances are too big that Peter might crawl on another wall in her presence. They can explain the de-ageing even more easily than the fact that her nephew has been Spider-Man for the past two years.
“Wait, what is he doing now?” Steve asks Tony in a whisper. Tony leans back to the side.
“So basically, I’m a horrible father because I didn’t do enough to fix his best friend?” Tony mutters out bitterly. Steve shakes his head.
They are standing in one moment, and the other he’s lying on his back, on his bed, with the Cat leaning over him, putting her hands in all the right places. Peter throws his head back, feeling her tongue against his neck. He can’t remember ever being so turned on like this before in his life. Holy shit, this girl’s a Goddess…
“FRI, are there any other messages?” Tony then asks.
She wanted to scream to cut it out. Her heart pounded in her chest, this whole situation was fucking her up!
FRIDAY responds. Tony then takes his cellphone and gives it a quick look. There’s still nothing from Peter, which surprises him a bit. Isn’t he curious about what they’ve found about that Black Cat-person?
Yaël was looking up to her beautiful mother again, who was looking down on her with a smile while they were dancing. The firefly-ish insects filled the night with all different colours. All that the little Yaël of course noticed was that her mother didn’t only sing in Norse for the sun, but also about Elves in the meadow.
Oh, shoot! If she only had enough money to buy hair products to get the knots out and make her hair look less a mess…
“No, that’s a mop,” Steve points out. Tony curses, putting it back where he found it. When he turns back around, there’s suddenly a tall man standing behind him, grabbing a hold on his arms. “Tony, stop raiding the cleaner’s stuff and come join me in the kitchen. If you want to make yourself useful, prepare the table.”
He had a point there, didn’t he? She never looked at it that way. She surely didn’t feel immortal, with all the cuts and bruises from the accident, aching and bleeding everywhere. Yaël breathed in before she started poking him against his chest again.
Or does he?
“D’you have any ideas yet?” Clint asks, leaning back a bit after the suddenness of Peter’s question has worn off.
“I can’t help but have noticed that you’ve fixed your relationship issues,” Loki states rather than asks. Steve just nods.
“Thor has requested the Avengers’ presence. I thought I’d get you personally,” Steve explains. Tony crosses his arms, gazing at Steve unbelievingly.
“I’m Seventeen years old, Dad! Besides, I’ll just go as Spider-Man! I won’t take off my mask, I promise!”
“Tony, is this really the right time for this?”
“If you’re trying to blackmail me by saying you’re going to kill Wade, I can assure you you’re going to have a hard time.” Another punch, but Yaël could take it, she just kept on staring her sister in the eyes.
“Yeah, it’s rather crazy, I think…”
Peter sighs again. He’s surely going to get it from his father now…
Oops, that came out
Steve starts, but Mr. Stark turns around suddenly, pointing towards Steve with an angry expression on his face.
“Yaël?” “Hmm?” Yaël kept looking at the ballerina doing tricks at the tips of her fingers. “You’re playing with fire while we’re eating.” Steve said sternly, like Yaël was a teenager who was playing onher smartphone during dinner.  The little ballerina waved at Steve and threw him a kiss before she turned into a little cloud of smoke and then disappeared.
“He’ll be fine eventually. It’s just… a little setback in his revalidation, so to say,” Tony clarifies. Peter hears the two men coming closer. Due to his enhanced hearing, he knows that Tony is reaching out to him, so he keeps himself from startling when Tony gently goes through his hair. “He’s a strong kid. I’m sure he’ll pull himself out of this one.”
It’s not even a question. Shit, Peter is so deep into this already.
“Oh, not again…” Peter mutters, realizing he almost sounds like his principal. The last time Wolverine and Deadpool faced off, Peter almost missed his interview about the internship. Why can’t these two just get past their problems like normal human beings?
“Can’t we turn up the oxygen?” Tony asks, but May shakes her head.
“How about this,” the Cat then asks. Peter frowns, already regretting choosing this roof. “Next time you go crime-fighting, I’ll join you. Is that a good idea?”
Instead, MJ finally arrives into his new bedroom, her camera in her hand and her hair put up into a messy bun. She’s wearing that green jacket Peter likes a lot, and underneath it a white shirt with the mask of Spider-Man on it.
“Shit!” Steve even yells after realizing their plan had failed. Much to their surprise, an expensive car shows up, revealing T’Challa waiting for them as it he’d been expecting this. So apparently he’s back into the country.
“Hey, Mantis! Care to help us out here for a bit?” Quill suddenly asks. The girl in question turns her head in surprise. She’s visibly shivering from the cold, but without complaining she walks up to them.
He’s never felt more lucky than right now; his kid, right here. No matter how horrible life has treated him, he’s not unable to laugh again. And it gives Tony this weird feeling of wanting to pull him into his arms again, and never to let go. It’s only been 5 days, but this has been building up for much longer. That protective vibe he’s been feeling around Peter has been there since the beginning.
Right on cue, Tony walks in while stretching his back and arms, yawning loudly. It’s clear over-acting, but man-children like James, Clint and Sam aren’t going to catch that.
Steve pulls his hand back, eyes sad again, mouth pulled into a thin line. Tony closes his eyes. Another headache comes up. He rubs his forehead, trying to dull the pain a bit.
“No, I’m not starting a revolution,” Yaël smiled as she interrupted Korg’s story. He’d be able to tell all his plans to whoever, just by accident. But she liked Korg’s innocence. “I’m making a statue.”
He can’t say that he’s been thinking about the same thing, but he can’t help but admit that he likes this. Steve feels amazing, so close to him, and for a moment all his worries about Peter are gone.
He could wall-crawl to Bruce’s floor, take the elevator from there on. Then the two here won’t see him leave, and he won’t have to swing his way away. Crawling down the entire tower would take too long, especially with Peter’s ribs aching like this.
Tony asks. Peter gulps but then nods.
That’s when Ned looks up at him, unimpressed, and points towards the tracking device.
“I’m wonderful,” Otto responds, looking fondly at his wife before turning towards Steve and Peter and holding out his hand to them respectively as well.
Immediately after T’Challa, Shuri comes walking out. She’s wearing a white dress with her hair hanging loose over her shoulders in hundreds of small braids. The moment she sees Peter she grins and waves at him.
time. So I want you to understand that, whatever happened in Siberia, I’m not holding it against you. I never have. If anything, you’re supposed to be angry at me for not telling you sooner about your parents.”
The edited the song a little bit, holding off the long pause that Steve usually used to give his speech about whatever he was selling at that point. Instead, Tony joins the girls in their dance, putting the shield on his back to make sure he doesn’t accidentally hurt someone with it. Meanwhile, the men, wearing each their own Cap-themed uniform, step up on the stage as well, with their hand up on this forehead as a salute while they march.
As he finally let her go, he said “I just missed you!”
He stomps his foot on the ground and points at Bruce once again, who just looks extremely confused about it all.
company.”
They’re brought to large chambers. Each pair gets their own room, and others are sharing. Peter finds himself sharing with Shuri, which he doesn’t mind – though he’s also not excited about. Holy shit he just wants to go to sleep. For an entire year. Maybe just forever.
“We can give it a paint job,” Natasha returns before looking back up at him. Her gaze is serious, her green eyes focused on him.
“We surely will, thanks for your confidence, my good friend,” Thor slaps Tony’s shoulder affectively. Then he moves to the side, picking up Tony’s red cloaks. “Now, is there help needed? I know I have people who could help you with it, but for my friends I like to make some time to help out, myself.”
“Uh, there’s no Avengers tower anymore. Tony sold it back to Stark Industries. The Avengers have their own facility upstate,” Peter corrects him. Bruce seems confused but then sighs.
They never leave Peter alone. Not sure how low exactly he is, they rather avoid any unneeded problems. At night, somebody stays with him. During the day, he has company. He’s never on his own, but so far he hasn’t complained about it.
“Because I think the guy has a massive crush on my dad,” he says, once again realizing too late that he said the wrong thing. In frustration he smashes his head against the table and groans loudly. What’s next? Revealing that he’s Spider-Man? That would bake the cake!
Okay, so I'm posting the chapter a bit earlier now, but that's mostly because I am myself a bit impatient to give you this one.
“So, uh, that party you’re planning. Will it be at the tower?” May easily deflects the conversation. Peter shakes his head.
his dad in the eyes. The hypocrites… What bullshit is this, even?
“FRI, where’s Dad?” he asks, voice suddenly raised. He starts running to the kitchenette, finding more broken shards on the ground. Is that blood? Somebody cut themselves here! There’s a small trail of drops, leading towards the hallway.
comedy.
,” he answered bluntly.
“I think that’s for the best,” he then says after a long pause. Tony nods, understanding where he’s coming from. Using the Iron Man armor surely isn’t the best idea at all right now. He’s too powerful over FRIDAY, and if he would be in actual danger, she wouldn’t be able to help him.
“They look great! And it might be tight up there but look how swirly your skirt is! It looks like you’re a ballerina made out of satin!”
“You still survived.”
“Are you alright?” Peter asked once he got over the fact Yaël had made his bottle explode.
“Steve! Steve, honey, please tell me where you are I can’t do this without you, where-“
“Yes, it’s her sister. She somehow managed to get here and is after Yaël. Good thing Yaël somehow managed to pin the girl down in all that chaos.” With that, Tony just nodded and put his finger for his lips, thinking. Then he signed at Steve to follow him out of the room, leaving Yaël alone.
It's not the end, actually...
“And I know you hate it, but you really
“I got you a citytrip to Prague?” Tony asks in confusion, suddenly thinking back to Johnny and Wade who told him they were going to take care of it. “Fucking brats…”
“Ex- excuse me?” Tony asks, now finally turning around to look at Peter, though the expression he’s showing is clearly one of shock and surprise.
“I can’t believe Parker did it! Where is he even?” Flash asks, pulling away. Peter shrugs.
“Tony,” Steve whispers back, leaning forward to kiss him on the lips, soft and sweet. He shifts his hips, tries moving a bit faster. Tony just grunts, turning his head to the side and wrapping his arms around Steve’s shoulders.
“Just kill me now,” Peter mutters. It’s not that he doesn’t like Liz; Hell, if he’d never have met Gwen, he would have fallen head over heels for her. But now, even though everything tells him that, yes, she could be a potential girlfriend, that scenario would be in a whole other universe. One where Gwen wouldn’t have been there.
He shifts on the bed, turning around to face Steve. Putting a hand under his head, his eyes lock with Steve. Neither of them speaks or moves, instead just looking and breathing. Then, after what must be two more minutes, Tony finally reaches out a hand and puts it on Steve’s cheek.
“Hello?” he asks, seeing a dark figure standing there in the shadows. When he touches down on the roof, the figure takes a few steps forward, coming out of the dark. Peter’s heart skips a beat when he sees who it is, but he does his best to keep his happiness to himself.
Yeah, no, that’s not going to happen. Two sutures have been enough, thank you very much. Even quicker than the five men can react, Peter shoots out five more webs, one almost immediately after the other. Still, one of the guys is quick enough to respond before the gun is pulled out of his hand, and before Peter knows it there’s a gun headed his way.
“This is insane,” Clint mutters out.
Suddenly, Peter’s cellphone goes off in the pocket of his jeans. Peter jumps up, feet still dangling dangerously over the edge of the roof. He doesn’t pull them back, but does fish out his phone, staring at the screen for a moment.
“You’re still here? It’s past eight now, you can go home,” Francis says. It’s not the first time he comes with this news; this past week, Peter has been reminded three times already that his working hours are over. “I know Mr. Stark is generous, but while he pays for over-hours for the employees, he’s rather limited with how much interns can earn.”
Of course, that’s old news, since everybody seems to know Peter once convinced Spider-Man to come to a party. A party he doesn’t really want to think back to.
“C’mon, let’s find these people,” she says, suddenly getting into a run. Peter watches her go – his eyes lingering for a little bit – before he shakes his head and clears his throat.
FRIDAY says.
She looks up, mouth dropped open in surprise. Steve blinks in confusion when he sees her reaction.
He stays quiet, because this can’t blow out much more. So instead, he grabs his plate and takes it back to clean it away. Then, he hurries out of the cafeteria, Ned hurriedly following him. He needs a little moment to breathe. Or to punch something.
“Come on, baby boy, just ride it out,” Tony begs of him, feeling Peter shake up and down underneath his hold. His eyes are stuck on the ceiling, unable to look down at the frightening form of his son like this. He could keep observing him, probably should, but he also knows it will just be more nightmare material for later. He doesn’t need that.
The past few weeks have been quite of a whirlwind. With losing his hearing due to the damage caused in their attack against Venom, Peter found himself a subject of multiple prototypes built by his own father and the princess of Wakanda. Not even for a second they’ve stopped to get some rest, working together to find the best solution there is for Peter. And they’ve tried with hearing aids, and it helped for a bit, except for the fact that they kept on falling off during battles and whenever he was swinging.
Just deep breaths. In, and out. There are no seconds here, nothing that keeps ticking repeatedly. He’s fine right here.
“I guess I could,” Steve returns with an uncertain smile. Tony pats him on the cheek a few times before pulling the tablet back out of Peter’s hand. Eventually he stands up to get to the kitchenette where he serves himself a glass of water. There’s still a limp in his steps, but the crutches are at least nowhere to be found.
“But not everybody’s here yet,” Happy suddenly comments before anybody can drink. Tony lowers his hand again, giving Happy a questioning look.
It’s not like it was his first time; that experience he got to share with Gwen, at least. But that thought doesn’t make him feel better at all. In fact, he’s feeling worse than ever, like he’s ready to never leave this bed at all.
“Peter!” they both call out. Peter squeezes his eyes shut, shaking his head while he fights to stay in dreamland. He gives up the fight when his eyes open up.
“Holy shit,” she mumbled while rubbing her eyes. Who woke her- Oh, it surely was that freaking Wade again. He was the only one who called her ‘girlie’ and who would wake her up like this. Was he making a habit of waking her up? Yaël stamped towards the door and pulled it open aggressively.
“Spider-Man!” somebody shouts. They’re not even surprised to see him there, anymore. Every time Peter appears, he’s there with money to give.
“You are the best son in the world,” he says. Then he takes the drinks, and he leaves the common room to get to the elevator. Peter smiles as he watches his father leave. After that, he heads towards Natasha and Sharon and takes a place with them.
Tony lets his hand pass through Peter’s hair, fully aware that Steve is looking at him.
“Your son is not a match,” she admits.
“I’m kind of starting another revolution, wanna join?” Didn’t she have to wait for Loki? But on the other hand, would Loki have waited for her? He’s probably long gone already. He hadn't even informed her about a plan of some sort.
“What?!” Steve almost shouts. Yaël on the couch stirs a bit but doesn’t wake up. Good. “No! How could you even think that?!”
“With trouble, and lots of vows of silence, people helped me through it, but I had been instructed to take these,” with that, Mr. Stark fishes out a bottle of pills, shaking it around a bit before lowering his hand and fumbling around with the lid. “The year I met your mother has been when I was allowed to stop taking them completely.”
Peter looks up, seeing Francis standing there. He looks worried, as if he wants to carry Peter outside, himself. Peter just swallows and takes another deep breath. His hands are balled into fists – they have been ever since he dug into his bag in search of his medication, only to find that he doesn’t have the box with him.
? Peter pulls back his arms and wraps them around himself, trying to keep a tight hold as he keeps on stepping back from the figure in front of him. Everything is wrong.
Natasha snorts and empties her bottle over her head.
He walks and walks, until he finds himself on an open field. The sun shines brightly over the water, illuminating almost everything and practically blinding Tony when he looks at it directly. T’Challa hadn’t been kidding, it really looks like some sort of paradise in here.
“You were down in the water quite a while, are you sure you don’t need to be looked at?” Cap continues his questioning. Just as Peter wants to flip away the question, Hawkeye answers for him.
“Welcome,” Strange suddenly says, removing the portal behind them. Nobody says anything in return. Instead, Steve walks towards an empty corner where he carefully puts Peter back down. Tony jumps back out of his suit, dropping the shield again. He can’t be next to Peter too soon. Taking his boy back into his arms, he takes Peter’s hand and puts his fingers against his lips.
Scott scraped his throat to get her attention.
"Don't worry, I'm making sure that everyone can see me," Charles said as he spread one of his arms on the back of the bench.
The nurse just smiles at him, but Tony can’t see that she doesn’t understand it completely. That’s alright, he doesn’t need her to understand. He doesn’t even care that he just announced to her that he’s in a relationship with another man. It doesn’t matter at all. Because Steve will forgive him for that.
“You didn’t ask me nicely, either.” The man put his hands behind his back and started walking towards the woods. Yaël stumbled as she tried to follow his quick pace.
Peter snorts again. Of course she would have to mention that part again. He doesn’t even take insult in it, finding it rather amusing. So for the first time since Venom has left him, Peter manages a smirk. It’s small, barely even there, but it’s probably a breakthrough! One May, Steve or Tony should have seen.
Look, she didn’t want to be so annoyed by this, so what could she do to handle this complication?
Oh, she’s rambling. Her hand is going through her hair and the other is squeezing the pamphlet until her fingers look white. Peter should intervene, quickly.
Greets, and hopefully enjoy!
“What?” Ned asks, surprised.
Then Tony’s on his back, on a soft mattress that could almost be more heavenly than his own at the tower.
Besides, he looks extremely happy with MJ. And while the pair might not celebrate Christmas together, they have plans for New Year. Ned and Peter are joining them, after all. He might even try and ask if the others want to join as well.
“Right, uh, sorry,” Peter mumbles, figuring it’s better to just pull back before he gets her angry. She’s known for having a bad temper, after all. He’s about to say something else when suddenly he hears something behind him.
His isolation didn’t last for long.
“So, where are you going?” Yaël almost fell out of her wheelchair. People should stop appearing next to her like that!
“What was it, then?”
He wishes he could say it wasn’t his fault, but he knows it is. The combination of school, the internship
That evening, Tony, Peter, Rhodey and May are seated on the couch with a large bowl of pop-corn. Peter with his feet thrown over Tony’s legs and his back leaning against the side of the couch. May and Rhodey are cuddled up against each other, sharing their drink as they watch the screen. The two hit it off during the Christmas party, getting to talk and afterwards keeping up contact. Nobody was really surprised when they went on their first date only a week after the party.
“Right! Let’s finish up here!”
“Hey, Petey, think fast!” Yaël looked up to Wade, who had yelled, while nibbling on her pizza. She was trying her best to keep the cheese out of her hair.
He shouts, fights as much as he can. The moment his head is free, Hope is there by his side putting the same pair of headphones on his head as well. It’s an instant relief, his head coming to rest despite the remaining ringing in his ears. That’s going to take a while to get better, Peter understands.
Why had she been so angry with him last night? Oh right, she was drunk and…she had just discovered the whole city thought of her as a villain. Well, probably being linked to the God of Mischief didn’t help that reputation either. Steve was right, it had been hard for her to know which side she was on when she first arrived on earth, because she had been sleeping around with the bloody uber-villain himself, she was a master-weapon and she was a lonely creature at that point. Suddenly she remembered how she ended up in the Chitauri attack.
Peter’s first instinct is to say ‘no’. It’s probably not a good idea for Tony to know about this, since he’ll just get worried even more than before. But… Peter also realizes all his problems have started because he never really tells anybody anything.
“What are you- how are you? What is happening?” Peter asks. When Steve pulls away at last, the woman comes up. She reaches for her face, and seemingly starts to pull away her skin. Peter wants to shout, but he stops himself when he sees Natasha underneath.
Slowly, Peter gets up from the bed. There’s no creaking of metal, or the springs protesting from the movement. The floors don’t crack, either. There’s a giant closet, a nightstand with an expensive-looking lamp. On the desk, there’s a computer that looks worth even more than what Peter earns in a whole year. On the screen, one thing is written.
“Seriously, Tony, delete it now!”
“I’m ready to join your revolution!”
“Eddie, don’t-“
The crowd goes wild. The door opens, and after throwing another short glance backwards to meet his son’s eyes, Tony starts running onto the stage. The lights are blinding, but to be fair it’s nothing he’s not used to. Holding the microphone he got earlier into his hand, he keeps his hands up in the air, throwing his signature peace-sign while grinning widely.
Their victory towards Thanos… that’s another question that has been kept unanswered. Because while Peter was sure the Avengers had never met the Guardians of the Galaxy, or that Thor had never known about Peter’s existence, it seemed like they were all too aware about each other. There hadn’t been any introductions, just cryptic talk that made it clear that they didn’t want Peter to know too much about it.
There’s Coulson walking towards a door to their left, followed by a whole team of SHIELD-agents. Tony, despite his own words, feels a strange sense of nostalgia going through him.
X said in her head. Great, why did she even bother to call that man if she could just ‘think’ to communicate with him. Oh, shit, she never told him she accidentally met Steve in the park.
Peter hums in confirmation. He feels extremely well-rested. It’s a big relief after more than a month of barely sleeping. With a groan, he stretches his limbs and his neck before he pushes himself up into a seating position. Then he finally opens his eyes. The sun is shining in the room. Good.
He takes a deep breath, and waits for Aunt May to come home; there’s the matter of him possibly going to college that he needs to discuss.
Tony stays quiet for a moment. Then Peter hears him sigh. In the background, there’s a second voice. Is that Steve?
“That’s what’s going on here, honey; just pain and discomfort,” Tony adds in irritation. He can only hear Sam in the background mutter something about ‘guess how that happened’ towards Rhodey before there’s another snort. “Who’s putting coffee rounds into the disposal? Am I running a Bed & Breakfast for a Biker gang?”
Surge, or Noriko, ran away from her parents when she was very young, as her father didn’t believe in mutants. So after that, she lived on the streets until she somehow found her way to the school. At least, that was what Scott told Yaël about her. He ran over most of Yaël’s students, just so she knew they background if one of them should ever reacted a bit differently to something.
Peter quickly changes back into his normal clothes. His bag is not stolen for a change, given that he’s making sure it’s
“Peter’s not a match,” May suddenly says from behind him. Immediately, he’s thankful that May has been standing behind him during the explanation. “Peter’s AB. Tony is A. He can’t receive from Peter.”
“See you tomorrow, bud,” Peter answers, and then he hangs up. He’s got other things to worry about than Flash, after all. And as he picks up the piece of the gun, his Dad’s voice rings through his mind one time.
He clears his throat and turns to look back at Steve. For a moment he regrets not taking the shield along. Or the suit. He even wonders if Peter is wearing his right now.
“I’m sorry,” he continues.
“I’m afraid he is,” Johnny says apologetic. Tony looks down at the small child, their eyes meeting and not letting go. Then little Peter puts his hands on Tony’s cheeks, and starts giggling.
With only one more month of school to go, Peter heard of Harry’s return – the two of them had been best friends back when they were younger. When they went to high school, Harry’s dad sent his son away to boarding school, separating the two friends. Peter hadn’t heard from him, since.
“You’ve been here before?” he asks. Mary shrugs.
Tony has had no part in that. Thanks to the choice Mary made, Tony has never had any influence in Peter’s life.
“These kids don’t appreciate a good story,” Tony mumbles. Steve snorts while he, too, starts to collect his stuff. It was his last class of the day, so now they can head home again.
we can to get him back.”
“Well, we’re fiddling around, you know…Mr. Stark is working on some kind of cool suit for someone but he hasn’t told me who it is for yet.”
Reed reaches for the book again, his eyes reading through the pages once more while he pulls up his pensive face. Ben just… stares for a bit.
Peter stares at the hammer, never having seen it up close. For a second, he hesitates. Then he holds out his hand. When Yaël doesn’t stop him, he grabs the handle of the hammer and tries to lift it up. Much to his dismay, it doesn’t budge. Yet, he shouldn’t have been surprised…
“Kind of? I know rocket science is more your thing. You’ve never been interested in biology.”
“Shut up, that was a one-time thing and I’ve already fixed the system.”
“I’m sorry, I promised FRIDAY I wouldn’t use them unless it was
There’s always this surge of power going through him when the suit is on completely. It’s like a thrill, a wave of strength that passes through him and gives him the biggest self-confidence he could have. Letting out a laughing huff, Peter balls his fists and shakes his shoulders loose.
“You alright, kiddo?” the familiar voice of Mr. Stark asks. It sounds clear enough that Peter doesn’t need to see to know that he’s taken of his mask. “Cap he ain’t dead, you go fight off that idiot.”
“Good, good, then at least I’ll be safe. Now, let go of him and your balls will be saved, deal?”
He thought he had been loved by Obediah. Turns out that wasn’t exactly what he’d hoped for. Rhodey, though… he was someone he could lean on whenever things were bad. He was the one who had Tony’s back, who took care of him whenever life turned out to be too heavy for him. Then came Mary. Kind, sweet, smart Mary. She had been beautiful, reminding him of the bright colors of autumn with her dark brown hair and those brown eyes. She had been around his age, had her own little quirks that came with her, such as never wanting to wear high heels as they always gave her blisters, or unintentionally making Tony fall in love with her.
Eh, at least the shop-keeper is out of danger.
That’s what they’re being called. If anybody asks Tony, it’s just a knock-off from the Avengers, but who is he to judge?
“She wouldn’t,” Tony muttered. “She doesn’t like Iron Man. Doesn’t like being the woman at home, fearing for the love of her life to return home.” Tony then started scratching his hair, eyes finally meeting Steve’s.
they say simultaneously. After that, the call ends. Peter closes his eyes, lying back down with a loud sigh.
“Hey! I take that as an insult!” Wade shouts back. Peter just ignores him, figuring it’s time for him to go. He’s sure he’ll see these people again, though he’d rather not have another conversation with freaking Deadpool for crying out loud. He’s heard from the other Avengers that they’ve often come close to shooting him down on the spot, and he can understand why, too.
“Yeah, my workshop,” Tony drops down on the flying seat, activating all the controls and letting the aircraft warm up for a good lift-off. “You know, that place where
Tony admits. “
Tony then throws his legs on the desk, accepting the smoothie U hands him. Trusting his bot (stupid decision) he takes a large gulp, making a disgusted face but deciding not to comment on it.
“Is it still troubling you?” T’Challa asks, probably remembering Tony hurting it a few months back.
“It’s just- we’ve been in an argument over something and we need you to clear something up,” Clint says with his mouth full. Tony raises his eyebrows, accepting the cup of coffee Steve hands to him.
“You’re not what I expected, Tony Stark,” May suddenly admits. “When Peter told me about you, I couldn’t imagine a worse father for him. But now I see that I was wrong.”
Peter looks sad. Tony closes his eyes, wondering if he should tell him about it.
Does he want to see what’s going on there?
“Say, any luck on this girl we’re looking for?” Tony asks.
“Of course,” Peter hisses bitterly. He wonders who else is really involved. He doubts they’re going to get Iron Man or War Machine into this, but there are still other ways for them to sneak up on them. After all, Rhodey is still a skilled soldier, and Tony has his mind.
- Things are happening
That and Wade put her in this stupid dress, maybe he just wanted a fight. Maybe he used her to make a fight. Yaël smiled at her own drunk stupidity.
After a quick goodbye to the other Avengers, both Tony and Steve are off, on their way to the car.
“Is he no fun?”
“How there, cowboy,” she says with a chuckle, trying to get back to her breath. Peter, too, finds himself breathless. His eyes are still closed while his mind is trying to process what exactly just happened. Did he really just practically make out with MJ during their first kiss? In front of her house, where her parents live?
of them have penises, they’re both
“Listen, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking straight, I was just glad that I got to see MJ and suddenly I invited her along. I take responsibility for this one.” Peter looks up at his friend, actually surprised at the sudden response he’s getting. He’s never really known Harry as somebody who would apologize this way. He wasn’t raised like that by his father, after all.
So, he learns that he and Mary got indeed married by the time she turned out pregnant with Peter. They hadn’t even dated, just decided to get hitched to avoid bad press. In the eye of the public, they appear like the perfect, loving couple with three adorable children: Peter Howard Stark, Thomas Patrick Stark and Natalee Maria Stark. Natalee… of course he would name his only daughter after Natasha’s alter-ego from his childhood.
So Yaël made up her mind, she’d look him in the face. She’d look him in the face and after that she’d make up her mind about him. Because she wasn’t like him, she was going to give him a second chance.
“But don’t you love him?” he asks in confusion.
It’s not really true, but all these questions are already piling up, and Tony has no idea what he’s supposed to do with them. He quickly waves at the boy before running out of the building. There, the moment he’s into the open air, he lets the suit surround him and takes flight. A couple of people notice him flying up, pointing at him. Tony doesn’t stick around to wave at them.
It doesn’t take too long for Tony to find Peter. He never left the port. Tony can see the ship, where everybody is by now evacuated. The ship will be carried off, thrown away. There’s no possible way for them to permanently fix it. Tony’ll have to fund the making of a new ship, too.
“Not a smart idea, Yaël.”
It’s weird, yes, but on the other hand he’s also kind of happy. Happy Harry has found somebody, and happy that now MJ, too, seems to be less of a jerk around them. Sure, she still throws insults their way, but they’re less… mean, so to say.
“I’ll check at the apartment,” Rhodey says before turning around and getting out of the bathroom. Tony protests when Pepper starts pulling on his pants to get them down.
As I said, two chapters today!
. Did she not once mention ‘Stark’s heirs’? How Mr. Stark’s offspring would be equally in control of FRIDAY as he is. With a soft gasp, he thinks that he’s figured it out.
“Of course, your battery is dead. Maybe you should charge it?” he suggests. Peter suddenly throws the controller across the room, smashing it in pieces. Then he takes his phone from Johnny’s hand and does the exact same thing.
he responds. Peter drops down from his hiding place. Nobody is going to get shot when he’s around, that’s for sure! Once he lands on the ground, he starts waving his arms.
At a certain point, someone had the genius idea to do certain activities to keep Wanda and Yaël occupied and distract them a bit, like doing a Tolkien-marathon, swimming and… playing a game of laser tag in the compound. Peter came to the compound more often now after he heard Wanda was kind of grounded. Yaël didn’t even tell Peter she was grounded too, she was still grumpy about it. That and Nilla was still taking over her mind, so Yaël forgot to talk about quite a lot.
“But I want hot and steamy sex now,” he complains. Steve rolls his eyes before kissing him on the lips once again. Then he heads towards the door. Tony grabs his underwear from the floor and picks up a t-shirt, only noticing too late that it’s Steve’s. Then he quickly hurries after him.
He probably shouldn’t. Tony keeps his mouth shut, watching her walk off again with a great tension still in the air. Behind him, the kids get up from their seats and start heading to the door.
With his hands grabbing hold of Steve’s jacket, and his head pressed against Steve’s back, the two drive away, towards the facility.
“Don’t try to fool me. I might not have been there, but I saw it all happen beforehand, remember? You holding your dying son in your arms, seeing him vanishing away? It was what drove you to travel back in time, after all.”
But at the same time, Tony is glad. There’s no more hiding now, after all. And as he looks at his smiling son next to him, all he feels is pride, happiness. The exact opposite of what he felt precisely one year ago. He’s a father, he’s in a stable relationship, he’s sober and even healthier than before, if possible. If he can get used to the serum inside of him with Peter and Steve’s help, he’s got nothing to complain about.
“I can drive?” Peter asks. Tony nods.
“You’re unbelievable, you know that! Get it in your thick head, Tony: I CARE ABOUT PETER! He’s like a son to me! If you could just stop for a moment with all your crap, you’d realize this!”
He’s just tired, beat. Ready to head for the land of the dreams for a few hours. Away from consciousness.
Natasha then turns back to Steve, glaring back at him.
Yaël laughed, which was followed by an “Auch!”, because laughing hurt.
“Where are the others?” Tony asks, then. Suddenly, security feeds come up in his head. On the images, he can see Bruce sitting in the waiting room, accompanied by Sam, Vision and Bucky.
When suddenly he’s handed a mangled-looking watch he’s almost ready to burst out laughing.
“There’s something we need to discuss, Tony,” Steve says, holding up a small black box in his hands, which looks a lot like a medication-container to Peter. When he notices Peter slowly walking away, the super soldier gives him a wide smile. “Ah, you’re still here? How did it go?”
“Oh no, is he alright?”
“Remember when you told me you’re not a therapist?” Tony asks without really reacting otherwise. Bruce nods. “I’m kind of getting better advice from you than from my actual psychiatrist. That means something.”
“That was just… boredom. I’m bored because I can’t do my work. You’re being a bad friend here.”
Tony takes his hand, nodding while forcing a smile on his face.
But Tony put a hand on his forehead dramatically, making a faint noise. “Oh, no, I’m too weak. I can’t stand on my feet! It’s too much!” he joked. Steve rolled his eyes, but rather than pushing on, he just picked Tony up, causing for the genius to start shaking his legs.
“Uh…I’m Peter,” he tried to correct her, but his face quickly turned a bit shocked as she immediately turned to him and poked him sharply in his chest.
“You can stop telling lies, and think about why you
“So, more alien stuff,” Tony complains. “It’s almost like it’s searching us out, don’t you think?”
“She’s off to the men’s showers,” Loki stated, looking at his brother for backup.
- Sad Peter, Sad Tony
“You guys have a thing now?” Yaël asked, helping out her friend who was clearly struggling to say he was in a relationship or together with someone out loud. Her heart jumped when he nodded. Yes, this was exactly the bright news she had been waiting for. Impulsively, Yaël giggled and jumped onto her friend’s back, clinging her arms around his neck.
Someone knocked on the big wooden doors.
“Alright, second time will be better,” he mutters, reaching his hand towards the skyscraper next to him. And that’s when he realizes it.
“I’ve got a lovely lady waiting at home, so I suppose I’ll be heading back,” Tony muttered. Steve nodded, giving him a light smile. He couldn’t even remember when he actually wanted to
Peter snorts at the metaphor. Tony’s never really been good at those, has he?
“Sure,” Tony assures him, keeping his voice down as well. Steve walks up to the bed, taking place on the opposite side, making sure Peter is lying between them. The super soldier immediately puts a hand on Peter’s head and kisses him on his hair before leaning back against the bed board.
“I did not!” he counters, but Tony laughs as he puts his hand on Steve’s chest, giving Clint a pleased look.
“I don’t know, I have the feeling I’m fucking everything up. First Peter, now Steve… Let’s not forget Nilla.” Yaël pulled her suitcase behind her, towards the right alley where she had to wait in the queue.
It’s about five in the morning when the phone starts ringing. Steve’s lying on his stomach; the sun isn’t even seeping through the blinds. His room is completely dark, with no other sound getting in.
the woman – Linda says. Peter nods even though the guy can’t see it. He clears away another lump in his throat.
in bed rather than just jump out the moment an idea comes to his head and he storms back down to the workshop. As far as Peter knows, Steve is tired of waking up alone.
“Pepper, Peter, I mean Pepper.”
“Uh, that’s a long story,” Peter says, trying to wave the question away. “I’m here to see Mr. Stark?”
"C'mon babe, you know it's my life fuel," Tony complains. Steve shakes his head.
Smug because of his victory, Tony walks away from the desk and heads to the counter where all his medical stuff is put. There have been too many times where he’s had to patch himself up, so he’s gotten an entire stash out here instead of having to call Pepper all the time to bring things down.
“Couldn’t even give him a hint, couldn’t you?” Tony mutters to himself. He, of course, recognizes the blonde haircut and is aware Natasha owns the face-mask. “Where’s Peter now?”
,” FRIDAY warns him. Peter curses.
Peter grabs his coat and tugs his scarf around his neck. With wide steps, he reaches for the door. When he opens it, he startles once he finds somebody standing behind it, ready to knock.
Peter sighs, a bit tired of the secrets his dad seems to be having. Whatever really happened during the war, it seems like nobody really wants to include the ones that weren’t involved. It’s sad that even Bruce isn’t included in this.
“You what?” he asks. “How?”
He avoids bell-towers, or places where he can hear the seconds ticking by. Luckily, there aren’t too many places like that in New York.
“Visiting someone,” she answered dryly while walking to the exit. When she wanted to scan the card to get out, she got a red light. “Fuck!” she grumbled.
“Listen, Felicia, I would love to hang out but I do have a kind-of girlfriend, remember? I need to make sure she’s alright with this first,” Peter admits. Even where he stands he can see MJ walking over the campus. She’s surrounded by her classmates, only barely noticing him before she enters a building. She smiles and waves at him, but then she’s gone.
“Uh, I’ve been living with Charles for about two weeks and because I didn’t have an income, he made me a teacher.”
“Are you saying that you’re in friendly relations with Captain Rogers, then?” the boy adds on. Now Tony’s completely confused.
“This is Peter, Steve,” Gwen explains. “He’s from another universe, where they haven’t defeated Venom yet.”
“Yeah, and the Avengers take care of me, don’t they?” Peter asks in an attempt to make it better. Tony blinks back at him, still seeming unsure about it.
Tony turns towards Natasha, blinking towards her. The room is silent again, all of them waiting to find out if Tony is going to allow Barnes inside or not. Eventually, Sharon steps his way and puts a hand on his shoulder.
“Please, Tony, just think-“
have an awesome son,” Tony corrects him before putting the present down again and turning back to Steve. Before Steve can say anything else, they both can hear the first few footsteps in the hallway. Somebody’s up.
Wanda doesn’t open the book, instead handing it to Rhodey who gestures at her to give it to him. Tony stays away, noticing how Steve stays unmoving, eyes pointed towards the book on the table like it’s going to attack them.
“Of course I do, three era’s ago, we still had it; the One Stone, created by the Gods. Matter of course, the people of the kingdom didn’t know about it… They never knew. The stone had such power, it would have been a disaster if anyone knew and tried to steal it.”
“Miserable,” Loki said bluntly without even thinking about it.
“Always so boring. Just like your new daddies, I suppose.”
The blonde man was a calm reader. His voice sounded soothing… too soothing. Yaël felt herself slip away. Which feels weird in a dream. She fought it, but closed her eyes after a while. Yaël opened her eyes again immediately and stared to a yellowed ceiling with cracks in it. One second later, the alarm of her cellphone went off: time to get up.
Alone with the thoughts in his mind. Quickly he shakes his head, groaning as he remembers his backpack with his clothes is still in that one alley, and he can’t really get into Oscorp looking like this.
“That’s because I’m
“No, we decided not to do that yet. At least not until I’ve graduated, though we’re going to be thinking about that again afterwards.”
“You know, honey, I get why you went to see him. He was your friend and you just don’t want to give up on him, do you?”
“How about you open it, sport?” the man says, obviously having a few things in mind. Peter carefully stands up, leaving his breakfast for what it is and getting to the door.
Tony nods, but doesn’t answer.
“No, it’s fine. You just go, lover-boy,” Yaël teases him, and much to Peter’s surprise, Cap actually blushes at that.
About the Accords pt. 2: Ross goes to see the X-Men to talk to them about the accords.
“You okay, Steve?” she had asked. Steve had nodded, but didn’t really know what to tell her. “You sure?” she tried further.
“I’ll do my best, Dad,” Peter promises. “I’ll call you when it’s over.”
“I would love to see him try,” Steve grunts out. Tony rolls his eyes.
Peter sighs. “Nah, it’s alright. Say, K, do you know of any jokes?”
Rag n’ Bone Man - Bitter End
Ned lowers his bag slowly, approaching an empty desk in the classroom, and luckily picking a place which has a free spot behind him. Peter doesn’t speak, instead just sits down right behind him. Ned must think it weird, seeing as there’s so much place left in here, but Peter’s exactly where he wants to be.
“Please don’t attack me with fire, miss, that doesn’t really work on a rock,” Korg said while staring at the flames that were licking Yaël’s fingers. “Miek, on the other hand, is kind of sensitive to it.”
“I’m fine, sir,” Peter whispers out. Mr. Stark then pulls away and shakes his head.
“Tony, relax,” Steve says from the kitchenette as Tony takes out what he thinks is a duster. He has no clue, since he’s never really had to clean anything before. “You know the housekeeper does Peter’s room as well, it’s completely clean.”
,” she explains, and Peter’s mouth falls open in understanding. He puts his hands in the pockets of his hoodie and looks down to the floor. “
“You know, I’ve been thinking a lot about a nickname to give you, Parker. Everybody gets one from me. But I think
“Well, what am I looking at here?” he asks, putting on the glasses to get some screens in front of his eyes. “And please don’t give me the obvious, I don’t need the obvious.”
Helen nods. “I thought that, too. Maybe something in his brain is causing this.” Helen sighs. “I’ll have the nurses prepare the MRI and get some contrast fluid ready in case it’s necessary.” She walks off after that, giving May a sad look before leaving. The woman has her arms wrapped around herself, eyes downwards and looking like she’s at the verge of crying. Tony isn’t too surprised when Steve walks up to her and wraps her in his arms.
“Why?”
Too bad the others don’t seem to agree. The door opens again all of the sudden. There’s light footsteps, and then a hand on his shoulder.
,” Mr. Stark suddenly says, standing behind him. Peter doesn’t turn around, instead watching how everybody is moving around him. They don’t notice that he’s frozen in place, unmoving and shivering at the spot.
May arrives an hour after Peter’s brought here. They guide her to the room, and she just silently grabs a chair and sets it on the other side of the bed to take Peter’s hand into her own.
“Let me get, you got another lead?” he asked. Steve had shaken his head.
“Perfect enough to push you away for two weeks,” Tony mutters back. Steve rolls his eyes.
“DAD!” he shouts again, knocking the door so hard it almost breaks. Maybe that’s their only solution here, now? “FRIDAY, I thought he was doing better?”
“Yup, and when I’m using no element at all, my eyes are ochre. So I think that’s my actual eye color, right?”
made it is the reason why I’m still alive,” Tony throws back, unimpressed by Clint’s words.
It's another training excercise at the Compound. Everybody's wearing the same generic black uniform, no gadgets or weapons in sight. It's supposed to prepare them to work without their typical fancy tech Tony has prepared for them.
“Alright, see you then,” Peter says, and after a quick goodbye from Tony, the two hang up again. Peter quickly hides his phone away in his pocket, and then starts heading back inside. The other students already start piling up at their lockers, always in a hurry to get to their next class. Peter ignores them all, instead searching for Ned and finding him rather quickly.
“Yeah, sort of.” This was getting way too complicated.
“Yeah, I know, I’m sorry,” Peter mutters, not taking his eyes off the road. It’s not like there’s much traffic here underneath the trees. “So, uh… you talked to Steve by any chance?”
Shit, didn’t she have to mow the lawn of Ms. Tenson today? Yaël jumped out of her bed and searched for clothes. She found a pair of old, dark blue, Harlem trousers and a worn out, black top with a few little holes in it. Yaël ran to her moldy bathroom and brushed her teeth. She did her best to brush her hair…
It’s simple. They were given a challenge. A damn hard one, too. The rules were clear; he and Steve were to have at least a whole month without being caught having sex. It sounded so easy, too. Just make FRIDAY warn them up when somebody would come near, not doing it in special places in public, and just to be safe, only do it when there’s nobody home or when everybody’s sleeping.
“Right…”
That’s weird… the last thing he remembers was the fight in Midtown, and Peter’s extremely sure it was still light back then. Carefully, he tries sitting up a bit, getting on his knees while wiping his arms clean. That’s when he sees he’s still wearing the black suit.
“Uh, you want to come in?” he asks before thinking better of it. Then he slaps his forehead for that comment. MJ just smirks at him.
“Oh, I wasn’t worried. I suppose you’ll find us at Avengers Tower,” Bruce says with a light smile, though it’s obvious he doesn’t really mean it.
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Steve assures him. Thor, too, seems to find it amusing. He throws his arms over their shoulders, pulling them closer into what seems like a group hug. Tony groans in annoyance, but Steve finds himself laughing loudly.
She puts her hand on a white door with a small window on it. It’s dark on the other side of the room, and it seems like the only way to get in is by bypassing the security system. Tony tries to concentrate on the technology around him but he finds it’s rather hard to do so. Even when he reaches out his hand, the connection just isn’t as strong in this time as it is in his own.
“Uh, that’s not possible. She’s dead,” Tony reminds her.
“Drunk asshole,” he mutters, turning his back towards Johnny and closing the door behind him. The guy’s going to have a hangover and probably some memory-loss, but it’s about what he deserves. Peter tries not to think too much about him before he gets to his own room and quickly pulls off his clothes but leaving on his underwear. He throws everything down on the ground, telling himself he’ll clean it up tomorrow. Then, with the lamp still on, he lies down on the bed and picks up the picture MJ took yesterday, giving it a quick look.
The two men nod in agreement. That’s when Wanda clears her throat.
Peter wants to say anything, but the words escapes his mouth. He’s quickly reminded of what he said to Ned earlier; this guy is eccentric and even that is putting it lightly. He’s just never ready whenever it comes to this man.
“I don’t get it, why is that such a big problem?” she asked him. That was clearly the wrong question to ask, as he looked at her and frowned in disbelief.
“Oh, sorry, I-I didn’t mean to make you cry…”
“What were you planning with that? Did you think that if you’d be wearing that dress, I’d immediately give you the access-card after looking at your boobs for a minute? I was going to give it to you anyway, since I promised it to you last time you walked in, wearing another one of these dresses, which hadn’t been necessary either.”
“I’m sorry, just wanted to make sure before I throw myself at you like a cat in heat.”
And as long as Ross or any other of these guys don’t find out, there’s no harm in doing so. He’s good at doing things under the radar, after all.
“Peter, it’s this, or you being
Tony nods, and so does Steve. They watch as Peter starts moving, slowly, to his bedroom. His shoulders are hunched forward, his feet dragging on the ground. He looks completely exhausted. Tony frowns especially hard when he hears Peter gasping for breath.
They’re speaking softly, but he isn’t listening. He’s aware that the three had been called in to restrain Peter during his seizure, and they probably just never left.
“Figures,” Peter snorts. He closes the drawer again, looking over his shoulder towards what he suspects is the last drawer. “What happened with
“Miles!” Peter calls out with a wide smile, his hands in thick blue mittens which are holding a hot plate. “Here at last!”
“You fell sick, honey. You passed out.” She leans forward to kiss him on the head. “How are you feeling right now?”
has been. Mostly, everything Peter knows is self-taught.
And through the window, he can see them. Aunt May. Uncle Ben. They look tired, miserable, but alive.
The only problem is that it takes literally eleven minutes for him to finish. And Steve would mention it again, but when he sees the happy look on Thor’s face, he changes his mind. Because the King looks so happy, so proud that he actually memorized it.
“What the hell?” Barnes whispers, seeming even more nervous than before. Tony wonders how long it’ll be until he snaps and just starts shooting everywhere in hope to eventually hit the guy.
that Tony is Peter’s father, but somehow the shock doesn’t seem as big to him as he thinks she would have expected.
“I heard they broke up?” Peter tries, in an attempt to find out a bit more. Francis only sighs.
Steve nods, leaning forward to steal a kiss.
A few hours later, she walked back home, looking muddy and completely soaked. Her shoes made squishy noises as she walked into the hallway. Once she opened the door to her apartment, she sprinted into the shower, leaving her clothes on. After that, she hung her clothes to dry, put on a gigantic T-shirt, panties and nothing else.
“Steve, hold on a minute,” Tony mutters out. He removes the suit and crawls only slightly closer to where Steve is seated.
One would wonder how a stupid trophy could mean so much, but the longer Peter thinks of it, the more he comes to understand that Flash might actually have worked hard for the school to get that trophy.
THREW A PERSON THROUGH THE WALL AND BLOCKED MY PATH!”
Steve talks about how Bucky has been in the past; his best friend, almost like a brother. They’d been roommates for a while, until Steve started with art school and Bucky tried out for the army. He tells about the missions with the commando’s, and how Bucky had fallen from the moving train, making Steve think he’d died.
“You okay?” Steve asks, a bit worried. Tony shrugs.
“Yeah I told him not to do that, too,” she says.
“Yup, Tony, that’s your kid alright,” he says. Tony rolls his eyes.
“Oh, Tony,” he says, voice breaking as he speaks. The moment he’s close enough, Tony grabs his face and mashes their lips together in a quick kiss.
“When you’re ready, you’ll be the one to ask, alright?”
“Where are Dad’s other arc reactors?” Peter asks, turning the thing around and inspecting the cables attached to it.
Tony just pushes the journal in Strange’s face. “Read this bit here,” he says, pointing that the paragraph that he wants the wizard to look over. Strange takes the journal, and gives it a quick read.
“Jeez, Peter, do you want my eyes to get burned by your reflective whiteness?” Yaël said jokingly.
“Okay…Now I’m going to use the Cradle to create synthetic skin, so your wounds will heal more easily-“
Steve stays quiet. Tony squeezes his eyes shut, pressing his fingers against his forehead while keeping the images out of his mind. He doesn’t need them again, doesn’t need the reminder. Automatically, he reaches for his nightstand, grabbing the bottle of pills and taking the two needed capsules out of them. With a heavy breath, he swallows them whole with the aid of a nearly-empty bottle of water. After downing the last bit of the bottle, he throws it somewhere behind him.
Steve Rogers grunts as he shifts until he’s on his side. Facing the nightstand, he reaches out his hand to get the little black device he’s keeping around all the times. His vision blurred, he’s having trouble reading what’s written on the screen. The phone keeps ringing.
And he got himself sorted out. He met Pepper, went back to inventing, fell in love with Pepper, actually dated Pepper. Life had ended up being much better after a while.
As it turns out, he did.
“I’m not changing my mind,” Tony warns him. That would be stupid.
Peter pulls away, letting go of the arm and holding his hands up.
Peter turns to observe Dum-E next to him. The bot has his camera pointed at Peter, watching as he slowly but surely eats the banana. After that, he opens up his claw and grabs Peter by the shirt again.
“Well, you could’ve asked that more nicely…”
He’s surprised when he sees a mob of faded purple hair standing at his door. Yaël is there, looking with a frown, seeming a bit worried. She appears tired, and also hesitant, as if she’s not certain she should be here.
“I think it’ll always be an issue,” Tony admits sadly. “All I can do is give him space when we’re in public. But, Nat, if I didn’t have Peter with me at the funeral… I don’t know how I would have gotten through it.”
