The excitement at Baker Street hasn't run it's course just yet. Jim Moriarty is about to learn a very unpleasant lesson: You don't mess with Sherlock Holmes and get away with it.
“Oh, you silly idiot! You bloody selfish thing!” She put her hands on her hips and gave him a familiar, mildly disgusted look, “You gave us a lot more trouble than you are worth, young man, I hope you have a good explanation for it all!”
, when he suddenly disappeared for a month and nine days. Judith spent more time than ever learning temporal spells, watched over by Stephen Strange. She wasn’t sure what was going to happen to Sherlock, but if she could keep him from doing something outrageous, she would be happy to do it blind-folded.
“And now my brother does it for both of you.” Judith shook her head and followed Greg down the quiet street. There were very few people out, even the dedicated runners had stayed inside this morning, but sometimes it was nice to have the city to themselves. No crimes to worry about, no phone-calls to dread, just themselves for company and the weather to deal with.
“It’s nothing, Captain. My apologies.” He shrugged uncomfortably. Judith narrowed her eyes and beckoned with one hand. He hesitated and she raised an eyebrow.
“Neurosurgery. Worked out of Metro-General Hospital until…this.” Strange wiggled his fingers for emphasis.
“I just want you to understand that Constable Robertson’s reaction was completely normal in the circumstances and does not reflect on his character in any way.”
“Your phone. It’s expensive, a smartphone, but you’re not a man of complicated taste – you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then.”John gave him his phone when he held out one hand for it, curious to know what Sherlock could tell him about the phone without ever having seen it or handled it before today.
“Oh, it’ll grow back!” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “And speak for yourself! What’s all of this, then?”
, and as much as I get on with Sherlock Holmes, I really don’t want to deal with his ... ” Anderson trailed off.
“John!” She flung the door open, having recognized John despite his current state, and stood with her hands on her hips, “Where have you been, young man?!”
“But, you were…” Sherlock trailed off, unwilling to point out that maybe she wasn’t in the right position to be offering them sanctuary from the likes of Moriarty. Who wouldn’t hesitate to have them both killed if and when he found out that Sherlock’s coat had not only been recovered but returned to him, and that by the clandestine Heir Apparent of the Summer Court.
“Oh, Christ. Sh…Sherlock…oh, god.” John grunted as a soft puff of warm air hit his not inadequate or entirely uninterested cock. “Please.”
Dalmatians, sir.” The constable who had spotted the dogs from the ground addressed his radio, stunned. John looked at Sherlock and smiled.
“I’ll fall asleep in a bath, but I need to get clean.” A bath would give him time to brainstorm a proper proposal for that ring in his pocket.
“Hmm. So, you can only imagine how thrilled I was when the Army gave me a way out of that house when I was sixteen.” She sniffed dismissively, wondering that she was talking about this with a complete stranger, and that without getting emotional about it.
“Hmm. He was a bit too fond of himself for that, but I guess not enough to fall for Jim Moriarty’s shill.”
an invitation to do just that, so don’t even ... oh, for fuck’s sake, don’t ... oh, there he goes again. Great.” With a frustrated sound, the man hung up on whoever he’d been talking to, or rather just hung up. Whoever he’d been talking to had clearly hung up first. John sighed and leaned against the cool glass of the window, glad he’d at least gotten out of MI6 before doing something stupid like getting into a bar-brawl and getting arrested.
pretty clearly whenever she came up with a take marked “Mystic/Metaphysical/Other”, but he hadn’t actually
Greg had taken dutiful notes and as he looked at what he had written already, he glanced at the pair of them as they crouched over the body, talking in quiet voices, conversing in French. John was very aware of the scrutiny and looked up.
“Not that I had any idea at the time.” John looked at Mycroft, who just smiled. “All I knew was that the pompous government lackey had gotten himself captured on my watch and it was going to be a
It was a quiet drive back to The Met for them and it didn’t take long to settle into Greg’s office. John didn’t miss the side-long looks and whispers, but he ignored most of them. He wasn’t a stranger here anyway. He was cursing the headache behind his eyes as he wrote down his statement, but he didn’t miss when Greg’s assistant popped her head in.
fired his weapon at her but the shot had gone wide and missed by a safe margin. The injury had been classified as a Grade II Strain and she had been on crutches for a week, prescribed triamcinolone once a week as needed and paracetamol as a buffer.
“I’m not sorry.” She stepped under the showerhead and leant her head back, “Ugh, that feels amazing.”
Frustrated and knowing he’d get into a brawl if he didn’t leave, John downed the contents of his glass and got up to visit the gents. Getting there didn’t bring any trouble, he did his business and left in peace, but as he made his way to the bar to close his tab for the night and then to the door to go home, the peace turned out to be short-lived. Some careless patron wasn’t quite paying attention and John was unceremoniously shoved sideways as he left the crowded bar. He staggered and bumped into someone else.
Despite the hour, the place was plenty busy and John noted every table and the people at each one, the exits, the location of every server on the floor, the kitchen and the loos. He was running an ongoing threat-assessment of every single person in the dining-room, and he knew Mycroft was doing the same thing. It was a long-learned habit that had kept them both alive in more than one instance. He had to smile a bit.
“I wouldn’t blame you at all if you did, though.” Sherlock’s voice was soft, “I never ever meant to hurt you like that, I just didn’t ... I didn’t think you would understand.”
It didn’t take long after that to reach Kitty Riley’s house, break in, and wait up for her to get home. About five minutes before she got home, he saw Judith’s Rover pull up and nodded.
“Oi! Take a cab home, you lot! Don’t let me catch you down the way a bit, right?” She called after one rather cheerful group of revellers who didn’t have a sober driver among them.
“No one wants to be treated by a doctor who is more broken than they are. I’m not the one who matters, I never have been.” He turned neatly on his heel and went to the door, looking over his shoulder as he opened the door. “Goodbye, Mycroft. It has not been a pleasure.” The door closing was very loud in the quiet office and Mycroft was left to consider many things that shouldn’t have mattered and suddenly were quite important. He had underestimated John Watson, but he wasn’t the one who would ultimately pay the price for that. Shaking his head, he turned to his work and spent the afternoon tracking an operative in Europe.
As they left London City Airport, Judith patted her leg holster and nodded when she felt the familiar, comfortable bulge of her service-weapon.
“Nicole will take you to your table, sirs.” The maître d’ indicated the young woman who had taken their coats for them.
Judith Watson sat her post outside of Kitty Riley’s apartment for half an hour, keeping company with Sally Donovan and waiting for something,
After they finished their reports, Greg gave them a ride back to Baker Street, and a case that had stumped The Met so completely it was sitting on back-burners buried under a lack of new leads or any movement at all. It was another serial case, but
Judith could just see the smug expression on his face as he typed that out. What kind of research required a night in the morgue? Best not to ask, she’d probably find out anyway.
“You are a father, with a four-year-old daughter, no one could realistically expect you to have enough time to yourself to maintain a military-strict exercise regimen.”
But learned habits died slowly, and every time they heard something slightly out of place, they both froze. Once, they saw lights and John stalked the window, staying out of sight with his pistol in one hand, pulling back the curtains just enough to look out.
“Ah, but it didn’t quite kill the mood, yeah?” Greg just smiled at her, picking up where they’d left off when Sherlock had decided to very inconveniently call them. Judith tugged on the elastic of his waistband, eager to make the most of this vacation. Back home in London, there was always a danger of being interrupted by either work or their consultant duo, but that wasn’t so much of a problem on Virgin Gorda. Two weeks away from the bustle and chaos of London would be splendid.
is Stephen Strange. Good friend of the Watsons.” He knew exactly what it was about the former neurosurgeon that had that precise expression on his boss’s face and couldn't help a mean chuckle.
The small, informal reception following the ceremony was short-lived but cheerful as the students mingled and chatted. Judith was absolutely
Locating the kettle without stickers, he set water to boil for tea and looked for his tea-box. Finding it in the uppers on a lower shelf, thankfully Mycroft knew John hated having to dig in high places for standard things like cups and plates, he pulled down the box and went back for a few mugs. He found his RAMC mug and set that aside for himself before pulling down a pair of matching white mugs. Miraculously, he also found biscuits. Mycroft’s people must have also done the shop, which he appreciated. Getting everything on a tray with a teabag apiece in each mug, he headed out to the sitting-room again. He wasn’t sure what had happened when Sherlock suddenly gave a yell.
“So, Judith Watson, will you make me one of the happiest people in London and give me the honour of changing your name?”
“Well, you would! And have! I can't let you do that again now, can I, Inspector?” Moriarty turned a slick, sickening smile on Lestrade, “You wouldn't want to put your own job in jeopardy again, would you?”
“Right.” He was curious to know what that entailed. Sherlock struck him as the sort to do just that very thing regardless of his precise mood, and he suspected it might happen a bit more frequently when he was on a strop.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face. ’Cause I’d be surprised, Sherlock; really I would.” Jim looked over his shoulder and wrinkled his nose, “And just a teensy bit disappointed. And of course you wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long.” He turned away from them again.
“Very much so.” He smiled, “You do us both a great favour letting her work here on the nights she needs somewhere to turn.” Like tonight. In the course of the past twenty-four hours, Judith had worked two cases with The Met as a consultant and managed a domestic between Gregory Lestrade and his ex-wife as well as a personal tragedy within her own family. He had particular plans for Claudia Mendez and Beverley Watson, insurance that they wouldn't harm anyone else ever again. Mycroft was rather
“Yes. I called a car for back-up with a Code 2. I’m not sure he’s figured it out yet, and I don’t want him to think the police are on to him. I left Constable Mitchell sitting on the house to wait for us to get back."
“Next time I think it’s a good idea to go Hulk-smash on a bunch of goons, don’t let me.” John lifted his head and groaned, “Ugh. I feel terrible.”
“Never leave without it.” She promised. She hadn’t left home without her sling-ring or her Browning. Experience in both worlds had taught her to be prepared for everything. Violence of any kind was unlikely where she was going, but it was better to be prepared than caught off-guard.
Word flew like wildfire and flowed like water around camp, so it wasn’t long before several of her men poked their heads in to see what was going on. As it became clear that she was getting a fast-track ticket home, they rallied and cleared out her barracks-room and her office. In under an hour, everything she owned in Afghanistan had been packed up and organised. She stacked her bags on the bed and checked to make sure she hadn’t forgotten anything. All of her personal effects and all of her clothes had been packed, everything was ready. Judith paced her small room, twirling an unlit cigarette between her fingers.
it, taste it in the back of his throat, metallic and dangerous. It was exciting.  Time to go hunting, then. So, John found a good place to sit that was out of the way of foot-traffic and got comfortable. He could be here for a while.
she’ll pop out the minute we get that door open.” He chuckled, thinking of every time the two of them had stumbled home exhausted, trying to be quiet and failing, only to be caught like tardy children out past curfew by their very patient landlady. All she had ever really done was scold them for the hour and send them off to bed. Sometimes she had banished them upstairs and come up a bit later with tea and demanded a full telling of whatever misadventures they’d gotten up to that night.
This is mostly (if not 100%) from Greg’s POV, and it's pretty clear he’s smitten. He respects Judith, of course, but he’s still just a man with natural needs and an appreciation for a certain Watson. John, at this point (not Watson yet, but that’s coming!), kind of scares Greg, if he were to be completely honest. And really, with their unknown background except what he knows, can you really blame the man? It’s like Sherlock said in the first chapter: “I’m almost afraid to see what you’re like if you dedicate yourself to wooing someone.” But the question is: who’s doing the wooing here? Judith? Or Greg?
“Well, my husband isn’t due home anytime soon due to outstanding circumstances, and my brothers are more or less behaving themselves. For once.” Mycroft twirled that ever-present brolly of his, looking down for a moment before making eye-contact. “So, no, I really do not have better things to do.”
mess for a while.” He waggled his eyebrows at her, “And since the ex got herself permanently black-listed, I’m taking a very desirable alternate.”
“Calm down, dear sweet Watson. You can trust me. If I want to play a game, I’ll keep you and your friends safe.”
“Make that two, his drink’s on me.” A familiar voice spoke over his shoulder and John grinned as two pints were set on the bar-top.
“Rescuing a family of homeless cats.” She watched the footage as she emerged again carrying the box, through to when the cabbie appeared again from the trailer without Davenport, and her very brief exchange with him on the street. When she watched the footage of Robert and Louis, she realised she had kind of forgotten about them.
Both men propped their elbow on the table, holding their pill a few inches from their mouth. But Sherlock did not move to swallow his pill. Suddenly, something behind him got Hope’s attention and the man’s face drained of colour. Sherlock stayed still while Hope reacted with frantic violence, shoving away from the table and scrambling to his feet. He overturned his chair in the process, causing it to crash to the floor.
one, spends most of his time swimming to the bottom of whatever bottle he gets his grimy mitts on.” She looked at him sideways, “What do
“My dear son. I am so, so sorry.” Her voice was gentle, soothing, the scent of ancient forests overwhelming the stench of her work. “It has been so long. I have thought of you every day.”
“Yeah, pretty much. There’s not really a filter there, you know?” She sighed, “He doesn’t hate you, he just doesn’t fly at the same altitude the rest of us do.”
“Yes.” Sherlock pushed back and up on his elbows, making eye-contact. “I’m ... clean. I have been for quite some time. Please, John. I want this, I really do.”
“Be well, Judith.” He held her still by the shoulders and, with two amused witnesses, he kissed her. Well, maybe he was rubbish with wooing, but definitely not with kissing. A bit like Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock. Listen to me, John is not there, you won’t find him at Baker Street!” I don’t know where he is now. He thought dismally. “He’s…moved on.”
Over the months since she had come home to London and moved into his flat, they had maintained a fairly neutral relationship, never really getting beyond a few careful moments of passionate touching. She had started staking out his crime-scenes and providing extra presence whenever he called for back-up, run down a few suspects that got away from him and the boys when she had to.
They set the boxes down by the work-table and she pulled Sherlock away from his music long enough for a proper kiss. She tasted tea and chocolate and smirked.
interested in another date!” Donovan’s fingers tightened on the steering-wheel, “God I hated myself that night.”
“Oh, god, I have! But that doesn’t make this any less gruesome! Christ!” She was careful not to step on anything, “This was a crime of anger, the throat’s been slashed so deeply it nearly severed the head completely, and the skull’s been crushed, either by deliberate impact or when the victim fell against the tub. And the neck’s been broken, as well.” She crouched, studying splatter-patterns, “Whoever did this would have been forced to change clothes, they’ll be covered in blood. Where’s the weapon?”
“God bless you, Watson. You’re a rare one.” He pocketed her card and they shook hands again before she left to see where Holmes had gotten off to. There was no sign of him on the floor, Donovan wasn’t much help, and she didn’t see him outside. So the sod had gone and run off again. Fantastic. Shaking her head, Judith called Mycroft Holmes, who offered to have a car pick her up and take her anywhere she wanted to go. But she didn’t have anywhere to go, no residence in London, and only the clothes on her back.
“Oh, thank you much. My contacts are a bit thin in London just at the moment.” She pocketed the card and pulled her wallet, sliding out one of her own cards, “There’s all of my information, fair is fair. Same rules as yours apply.”
I used the “Unaired Pilot” instead of ASiP for the final showdown between Sherlock and Mr Hope, but this is where things veer a bit off-course. As if they haven’t already. But you’ll see why!  Credit for ALL quotes from this and other episodes goes to the lovely Ariane DeVere (arianedevere@livejournal.com), who painstakingly transcribed everything from ASiP (both versions, God bless her!) to TAB.
“You seem familiar to me somehow, but hell if I know why! Never mind, though.” She shrugged and sat down again, “So, what brings you gentlemen to this part of London so late?”
“Definitely bi-sexual, the second victim was a woman. Young, and rather pretty, I remember.” John shuffled and looked at their new victim, “Do you want our statements now, Greg?”
“Goodbye, handsome fellow. We’ll get your puppies back. You get on your barking-chain and we’ll work our side of things, right?” He got a soft woof and a paw. As they left the house, Sherlock looked at him curiously.
welcome, my dear Constable.” Greg leant down and nuzzled her cheek, “You’ve got to go all the way, Jude, start climbing the ladder. I can’t get caught dating a subordinate that far down.”
“I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock, just a teensy glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world. I’m a specialist, you see…” He looked surprised, as if he had only just realised the connection. “…like you!”
“Greg, you’re a cop, you see crazy stuff all the time. You look me in the face and tell me it’s not possible and I call you a liar.” She unwrapped her sandwich, “You never met my parents, did you?”
Judith smiled and sent off that last text. Setting her alarm for her usual time, she set her phone on the bed-side table and tugged on the covers, sliding into the warm cocoon. Almost as soon as she was settled, a weight landed on her shoulder and she grunted.
So when he got a two-top with a couple on his already-crowded roster, John sighed and looked to see if either of them were club-members. Oh. Yep. Yes, they were.
cab is our killer.” She handed the notebook to John and Sherlock, “I guarantee he’ll strike again. Not tonight, but soon. He’s not done.”
With that taken care of, and all the proof she needed that the driver of the cab she’d seen down in Soho was the killer, Judith decided to call it a night and go home. Thanking M for letting her use MI6’s rather valuable resources, and bidding the boys goodnight, she returned to her car and drove home to Kensington. She returned the car to the police station, marked the station-log for her time, and walked home to the flat. A light was on, so she guessed Greg was home, and when she got inside, the house was warm.
“Does Mycroft know?” John murmured against his coat. Sherlock shook his head and let out a slow, shaky breath. No, he brother did not know that John had, in fact, helped Sherlock on several dangerous missions.
“No, sir.” She shook her head, well-aware of the look Kendrick was giving her, “None at all.” The dark-haired one, the brother, snorted. These two weren't stupid. She narrowed her eyes and glanced sideways at Kendrick. Picking up on her reluctance to speak her mind, the dark-haired inspector turned to Kendrick.
She had taken refuge in the motor-pool, sitting on the bonnet of a parked truck with her feet resting against the engine-grille, when she heard footsteps on gravel and raised her head enough to see him but not his face.
After leaving Henry at his house, put down with a heavier than usual dose of a sleep-aid, they returned to The Crossed Keys Inn and went to bed themselves. John had out four doses of the same sleep-aid he’d given to Henry, they each downed two glasses of cold water, took the aid, and fell into a fitful, uneasy sleep. Judith ended up sleeping on the floor of the room she shared with Greg, listening to him toss and turn as nightmares of their experience in Dewer’s Hollow plagued his sleep. By the sound of things, John and Sherlock weren’t doing much better in the room next door. Finally, desperate to get some peace, she climbed up on the bed behind Greg and put an arm around him, her hand resting over his thundering heart.
Getting back to London, Judith and Greg settled back into a familiar routine, with Judith keeping an eye out for suspicious activity. They had a problem with Jim Moriarty, who had decided he was bored and wanted to play a bit. Judith pulled Sebastian Moran to look after him and share whatever he found out with them. Between March and October, they kept an eye on the feisty, clever criminal mastermind. In September, a jury passed down a verdict regarding his breaking into the Tower of London, the Bank of England, and Pentonville Prison all on the same day within a few minutes of each other. They were able to keep eyes on him until October 10
Returning the favour for John when it was his turn, paying special care to the scar on his shoulder and his hair, Sherlock got out first and waited for John, handing him a towel to dry off. After a brisk, efficient wipe-down, they were moving back towards the bedroom. Once there, John took the towel from Sherlock and took the time to properly dry him off. It was a slow process getting dressed, they kept touching. The near-constant contact was leaving very pleasant, faint trails on Sherlock’s skin where his magic and John’s merged and touched and blended. Sherlock
crossing hostile open desert and mountains, against orders, to save a man’s life because I felt a responsibility to make sure he didn’t get sent home in boxes. Or just one, a small box, if Al Qaida was feeling particularly cruel and spiteful.” He said evenly.
“Oh, please, I’ve done far stupider things than jump off a pedestrian bridge to go after a suspect.” Judith clenched her teeth, “I can still run, I can still dance. Even John told me it was better than any PT the hospital would have assigned me to.”
“After  you, Doctor!” Sherlock grinned and followed John into the shower. The hot water felt absolutely glorious and despite John’s intimation that he had plans for post-shower antics, they took their sweet time. As he washed away the cares and grime of daily life, Sherlock noticed new and different scars on John’s body, scars that had not been there five years ago. Some were quite old and faded white, others were much newer and still healing up.
“No, God, no.” He sighed, “No, John and Sherlock have kept me company. Mycroft was here twice, and your friend Strange came by once.”
“We’re very sorry, Mrs Hudson. Really.” John looked up the stairs, “Everything upstairs as we left it?”
“We won’t be keeping all of them, or any of them, I don’t think. If I don’t keep the mother, Sherlock will take her in.” She smiled and looked into the box full of sleeping cats, “One bit of good I did for today.”
to annoy you.” John amended. Sherlock snorted but said nothing else as they headed back the way they’d come in. Sure enough, they saw Mycroft’s car idling along the kerb.
“Of course, 008.” She glanced up and made brief eye-contact as he went into the office beyond. “Good luck in the outside.”
“Yes, to verify how far bruises may be produced after death. I saw him at it with my own eyes. Uses a riding crop for it, I think.”
“Guess I’d better go thank him and get a name, then.” John got carefully to his feet, not because he was inebriated but just because he didn’t want to bump into anyone, and closed his tab before he picked up the drink and set off. When he got to the table, he set the glass down and studied the man seated there.
“Oh, god, there wouldn't be anything left of me after an hour!” She buried her face in the pillow, “Shit.”
“W-what are you doing?” He blinked as Sherlock shimmied down until he was between John’s thighs and then bumped his forehead against John’s pelvis, nuzzling the soft skin under his belly-button. Sherlock had to adjust his position a bit, but he shot John a look a split second before taking hold of John’s erection with one hand.
with Al Qaida just to make sure this insufferable government prick didn’t end up on CNN or BBC World getting himself beheaded or shot.”
“Don’t apologize, it keeps my job interesting!” Hooper waved off the apologies and took the log back, looking over the new entry, “Besides, I know I can rely on you to do
“I think so. We’ll get in touch with The Met and see about getting word to other local police, I guarantee you those puppies are well outside of London by now.” John rubbed the bony crest of Pongo’s head, “We’ll find out where she went and go there.”
He really wasn’t all that sure how long he had spent crying over Sherlock that first night. He just knew that he hadn’t returned to the Hounslow house for almost a week. It should have been a sign that something wasn’t quite right that Mary never called looking for him or really bothered to comfort him. When he finally did return home, she had asked, he had explained. Mary had declared that he would move on in time, he had a family to worry about. And now he wouldn’t be going back and forth from London so often.
to help on crime-scenes. Would introducing John Hughes to Sherlock Holmes really be a good idea? Or was that just asking of the kind of trouble he couldn’t afford? He already got some flak from his higher-ups for having Sherlock on the rosters, but Mycroft kept them in check, since the politician had a bit more than some influence on their paychecks.
“Oh, really? Are you serious?” Letting the keys hang in the lock long enough to answer her phone, she swiped into the incoming call and took it on the wireless headphones she wore while running.
“No. He’s a friend of mine, and I will thank you to refrain from further insulting either of us.” He reached back and took John’s hand in his, “Come on, John.”
She scrambled to her feet and reached for her Browning. It was instinct, long-ingrained instinct that countered an impression that any weapon she possessed would be of little use against what was on the other side of that door.
“It’s my job to pay close attention, but you’re the one who thought about a ring-band. Honestly, Doctor Watson, I’m not sure that would have occurred to me.” Anderson shrugged, “So, that eliminates an angry spouse.”
“Oh, gee, thanks for that.” He snorted and tossed his spent cigarette, stubbing it out with his shoe.
“What’s a bit less glamorous than arresting Sherlock Holmes for loitering and public nuisance and Big Brother shows up out of nowhere to “fix” everything and make your life a living hell?”
“Oh, Mrs Hudson, the landlady, she’s giving me a special deal. Owed me a favour.” Sherlock said, indicating the black door adorned with gold numbers.
Going back to The Met, Greg spent the next three hours working on the Watson case, grilling Beverley Watson on motives and such, sorting through stacks of reports and files and taking a phone-call from the hospital for an update on Harry Watson’s status. He didn’t check the number as the call rang through on his desk-phone, just answered automatically.
“Hmm.” And if that didn’t just make the tall git so bloody pleased with himself. John snorted and flipped onto his back, sitting up to read along with Sherlock.
“Are you okay?” Watson looked him over, concerned by the way Sherlock had appeared at the door like that.
“Yeah. Teaching at Bart’s now. Bright young things, like we used to be.” Stamford’s eyes crinkled behind his glasses, “God, I hate them.” John snorted. He could say a few things about “bright young things”, and most of them weren’t very nice.
“You’ll be safe until this is over, just do what you're told and keep your head down.” She ushered him out of the house and looked around as Greg held the back door of the BMW open for them, “Take a seat.”
“Not if you don’t. I usually run alone, but I never mind having a partner.” She smiled and held the door for him, holding her hand out once he’d locked the door. His keys went into her belt, along with his wallet. It was brisk and a bit foggy, but not an altogether terrible morning. They walked from the house to Earls Court Road, at which point Judith picked a direction and took the lead. It was early enough they didn’t have to jockey with traffic much, and when they reached the A315, she took off due north once they entered the park.
clear in your paperwork, apparently someone thinks we’re all a bunch of morons up in Criminal Investigations. Homicide and Major Crimes is populated by prancing
Judith looked over her shoulder at where she thought Seb might be posted. There was only one thing he could be talking about.
was in, then she had no doubt the others would be coming later. She smiled and tuned her awareness to the guests. She knew Mycroft was aware of her unspoken skillsets, the harmless and deadly alike, and wondered a bit where
“You have more faith in the system than I do, then.” He reached over and picked up a piece of equipment from the many items scattered along the worktable surface. One of Q’s new toys, a prototype perhaps.
“Me? Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine. Fine.” He turned to Judith, wide-eyed and breathless. “That, er…thing that you, er, that you did – that, um…” Greg cleared his throat, “… you offered to do. That was, um…good.”
After a late lunch, Judith said goodbye to Christine, who had to go back to work, and spent the rest of her afternoon with Stephen. They visited Kamar-Taj and practised a bit, Stephen worked her on temporal spells. The manipulation of time could be very handy in certain circumstances, as they had seen at Hong Kong, but he did tell her to feel free to call on him if she didn’t feel comfortable executing a spell like that on her own. And it was the kind of spell she would only know if it had worked when she executed it. She was afraid to practice that kind of spell without a reason to do so. It was a kind of magic she wasn’t comfortable using, especially without the Time Stone, and generally steered away from any practice of it without the guidance of a Master.
One morning, while she was off working on getting her Basic Keelboat Certification, he planned out his next move. He
“I remember faces, but you gave me a bit of trouble.” She smirked, “I could have sworn I knew you from somewhere before, but for some reason I never put you together with one of my old Army contacts.”
“Well, we found Doctor Hooper.” John murmured as they stood behind the double-doors separating them from the Chief Pathologist and her assistant.
“Oh, no! You’re a proper puzzle, John Watson, and I can’t wait to figure you out! You are one of the most interesting people I’ve ever met, never mind that you used to work for or with or do whatever with my stupid older brother. How could you
“Would you believe me if I told you that John and I are sorcerers? And every day I touch something so powerful it scares me to think that someone could misuse the power?”
“Nope. I made sure of that, too. About three weeks after the hospital, I caught the slimy fucker sneaking around.”
“Good riddance is more like it.” Sherlock muttered as the black car pulled away. Once it was gone, they headed for their original destination. Judith knew she would sleep at Baker Street tonight, she was just too worn out to drive back to Kensington.
“No, I don’t think I have to.” Judith wrinkled her nose, “Not with the heat you’re packing, anyway.”
“We do. Well, did.” John looked at Mycroft. “I guess I never actually got around to the rest of my story, did I?”
“I texted Mycroft to have someone come and get your car, they can drive it home for you, and we get a free ride wherever we need to go tonight.”
“Oh, for … ” He trailed off into a chuckle at the sight of Sherlock holding Kitty at arm’s length, a look of disgust on his face. Kitty, likewise, wasn’t entirely pleased.
“Think she’ll take anyone from our table tonight?” Lestrade murmured during one particularly enchanting number. Mycroft smiled into his wine.
She watched, giddy, as they circled a special helipad dock and touched down gently. Resort staff stood on hand, and she was offered a hand to the dock by a man in a white Havana button-down and pressed khakis. A golf-cart taxi shuttled them to the lobby building, where they were able to check-in and hand over their luggage. Room-keys and welcome-packets were handed over and Judith was twitching with excitement by the time they headed for their “room”. She remembered the little villas and was thrilled when they got a Reef Room. It didn’t take long for their luggage to arrive, and the first thing she did was grab a swim-suit and change.
“Bullshit.” Stormy eyes narrowed, “If I ever find out that you lied to me, about anything, not even your PA will be able to protect you. Sherlock was more than just my friend. He was my everything. My world shattered that day, for the second time in two years. And I was barely able to pick up the pieces the first time, never mind having to see my best friend laid to rest six feet underground because you sold him out!” A flash of light across dark eyes, his voice wavered, but he did not bend, “I don’t know who was holding Moriarty’s strings, or yours, for that matter, but you are responsible for every single damn thing that happened to Sherlock. I will never forgive you for that, I can’t. I’ve made arrangements and I’ll be going away soon. I haven’t decided where, or how long I’ll be gone, but I have arranged for my pension and savings to pay my half of the rent at Baker Street for Mrs Hudson’s sake. I’ve left everything there, including my gun. It’s locked in a safe in my closet, I gave the combination to Greg. If I come back to Baker Street and anything has been moved, of mine or Sherlock’s, I will take it back by whatever force is necessary.
Judith meets an unusual gentleman on the train. Things are about to get very interesting for Baker Street as Moriarty becomes a physical entity, more than just a name. And he's not exactly what Judith was expecting.
“Mycroft!” Sherlock saw the horror in his brother’s eyes. How had Moriarty found him? How had he known? About halfway down the stairs, Sherlock lashed out at Moriarty, but that only got him cross-eyed when Moriarty struck him.
“Come on, you great idiot.” John had him by the hand and was pulling him along. Tired and drunk, they made it as far as the stairs. One of them tripped, he wasn’t sure who went down first, but he felt the ground lurch and choked, grabbing hold of…something. It was John, who pitched over himself and they landed with a bit of commotion on the stairs.
“Mr. Hope, I have a question for you.” Greg piped in finally, rejoining the conversation. Hope looked over Judith’s head at Greg.
John wasn’t actually sure what he had expected out of someone like Sherlock Holmes, knowing what he did about the man’s two brothers, but when they couldn’t find him in the chem labs and ended up heading for the basement of the hospital where the Morgue was, he suspected he was in for something a bit out of the ordinary. That was fine, considering most of his life had been spent doing extraordinary things. A little normalcy and a slower pace would not be amiss, but John knew better to think that he was at all suited to a “normal” life, that standard civilian lifestyle would appeal to him at all. He did not like being bored.
“I’m sorry for your troubles, Mr. Hope, I really am. And I wish there was something we could do to help you but…I’m not even sure you
“John, your hands are shaking and if I didn’t think you’d drop in your tracks, I’d let go of you.” He kept his arm around John and led him in the right direction. “I had no idea you were the Aetherborn.”
“So, who’s your handsome friend, Molls?” Handsome? John didn’t particularly think so, but he was flattered.
“There’s a sanctuary in Kathmandu I go to, where John went when he dropped off the radar last year. You can go for healing, and stay for something far more than that.”
“Of course I will.” Mrs Hudson just smiled and went off again, leaving Sherlock to himself for a while.
“He’s upstairs. Fine. Shaken and a bit deaf in one ear, but not a scratch.” She held the tape for her brother, “The wards did their job.”
“Hmph.” Greg passed the water-bottle back, “Well, I tend to remember the people who put their lives on the line for my sake.”
John Watson finally meets Sherlock Holmes, and it's the beginning of something beautiful. If Sherlock can just behave himself for once.
After she had gotten dressed for the weather, she carried her shoes downstairs and sat on the bottom step to tie her shoes. Soft voices in the next room got her attention and she looked up to find the boys doing the same thing. She liked running with company anyway. Usually, she ran with Greg. Slipping out the front door, she waited on the street for the boys and once they had locked the door, she headed for Regent’s Park. They ran a four-and-a-half mile loop around Regent’s Park, making the return circuit on Ulster Terrace and Marylebone Road. They caught a quick breakfast at Speedy’s Cafe next-door after finishing their run, and Judith took a quick shower after checking her shift-roster. She was due for on-call duty at The Met, so it meant a day waiting for a call to come in. She’d rather be on the streets, but she wasn’t on patrol anymore.
. He would be just fine friends-only with the handsome young detective, but John would be lying to himself if he said he wasn’t
The one on the right was taller than the one on the left, he easily stood above Sherlock, with dark blonde hair cropped close in a military cut, but grown out and due for a clean-up. He was built solid, with broad shoulders, and his bearing screamed military service. She looked at his partner, who looked like he knew his business and probably thought the rest of them were dumb plebes crawling along in blissful ignorance of bigger problems. A bit shorter than the blond menace, with dark auburn hair slicked back from his forehead, and bright, intense brown eyes. Men like that rubbed her a bit wrong, and there was something about the pair that prickled that part of her wired to danger. The blond carried a registered Browning concealed in a special holster on the back of his trousers, and two knives. The dark-haired one carried a Berretta in a shoulder-holster under his suit-jacket, she saw the slight tell-tale bulge.
The drive from Baker Street to their destination was quiet and Sherlock stroked the back of John’s hand, unwilling to demand more from his mate.
“Oh, I may be on the side of the angels, but don’t think for one second that I am one of them.” He turned to the ledge and looked out. Below him, he saw a marked Range Rover pull into the round-about and stop next to the ambulance station. He had managed to shake a Met tail to meet Jim Moriarty on the roof, he was dead certain Sally Donovan had called Judith Watson once she lost sight of him. Now Judith had come back to Saint Bart’s, and he would be damned if John hadn’t followed his sister. Never underestimate the Watsons, it was usually one of the very last mistakes you had the misfortune of making. He had to keep playing along, just a while longer.
Greg led the way out of the waiting-room, and waited until the doors had closed before he put his question to words.
He must have fallen asleep, the sound of hollow knocking jolted him back to awareness sometime later. Startled, he pushed up on his elbows, having rolled onto his stomach, and looked around.
“Come on – who’d want me for a flatmate?” Mike made a noise, clearly amused by something. John just gave him a level look. “What?”
physical contact, it was rarely friendly and more rarely consensual, but John...he was different. He was safe and had only ever treated Sherlock respectfully. He wandered into the bathroom after a while to do something with his hair and caught John’s reflection in the mirror as he stood in the doorway with his jumper in one hand.
Once he reached Leicester Square, he stopped again and looked around. This time of night, the place was fairly buzzing. Street-musicians were performing for tips, people flowed past in crowds and clusters, laughing and chatting, going about their lives. But there was an energy here that had the fine hairs on John’s body standing up. Trouble. He could
Judith Watson knew the tension humming through her bones wasn’t just her own. Beside her, Sally Donovan was practically twitching with fury. She narrowed her eyes and looked sideways at the police sergeant as they walked away from the jail after booking in Claudia Hendricks. There had been a certain degree of satisfaction she got from handing the woman over to the constables and wardens, watching her rant and fight against them, screaming that this was outrageous and she would never see the inside of a prison cell or a day of a sentence if she had anything to say about it.
“M.” He squared his shoulders as he looked at the man sitting on the other side of the desk. “I came to return this to you.”
“Good of you notice. Not formally, but as a Medically Limited Reservist. I won’t be deploying for anything except my obligations for training and service. A few weeks, that’s all. Barring war breaking out, or an overseas training exercise, I’m staying in London to help Mr Holmes, just as I have since 2010.” He shrugged, entirely uninterested in talking about something that really wasn’t anyone else’s business but his and Sherlock’s. Finally, the press had the answers they needed, maybe not the ones they
“Just for a bit, lovey. Gotta go get more ice for Miss Lisa. You stay right here and be a good girl, okay?”
“Oh, yeah. Couldn’t miss that commotion, no ma’am.” Gerald shuffled around, tending to his grieving family, “Just one question for you girls.”
“Hey! Hey, no fights!” The barman shouted, a minute too late as the giant pulled his free hand back to punch John. John managed to duck at the last minute and winced as another patron took the full force of the giant’s fist. It turned out to be the man who had initially knocked into him and started this, so there was some kind of twisted justice there. John got himself out of the giant’s grip with a bit of dirty play, this wasn’t the first brawl he’d been in and it wasn’t going be the last, but he didn’t get very far before a blow from behind took him down. He hit the floor with a grunt and flipped onto his back, his vision swimming a bit, and tried to ward off the oncoming attack. A different patron had come after him but didn’t get more than a handful of John’s shirt to drag him back to his feet before he was bodily hauled away from John by someone else. There was so much commotion, so many people shouting and beating the shit out of each other, but John took the opportunity to scram and bolted for the door. One foot out the door and he was grabbed by the back of the shirt and shoved onto the pavement a split-second before someone was kneeling on his shoulders.
“If you want us to. Might have to touch a couple of strings and do some legwork, but whoever did this is still around.” He shrugged, rubbing his nose with his sleeve, “By the way, if you can keep it quiet that we’re both alive and back to work, that would be lovely.”
“More John than myself this time, Mrs Hudson. If anyone else comes, please do see them up, will you?”
“Like I said, there’s not much money to be made driving cabs and, well, even though I don’t see ‘em, after I die my kid’s will get
“Which means the use of the Cessna, and either a helicopter or a private boat. Excellent.” She chuckled, “Nice having friends like Mycroft Holmes, yeah?”
“I’d put money down on it.” He turned as the door clicked and was opened for them by a homely, kind woman about Mrs Hudson’s age. She was very sad, it didn’t take a pair of crack-shot street tecs to figure
“I went wheels-down at LCY about fifteen minutes ago, everything I own is being held in trust by Mycroft Holmes until I find somewhere to live.” Judith rolled her shoulders, “That flight’s going to catch up with me in a bit.”
“You don’t know everything about me, do you, Mr Holmes?” She smiled and got to her feet, looking around the office, “Come on, let’s go home.”
At one point, he caught her eye and hefted the bag with her change of clothes in it. She brightened up and excused herself from the cluster of students she had been chatting with. He kept his left hand in his pocket as he passed the bag to her.
“Good night, Sherlock.” He pulled the door closed but left it open a bit and climbed the stairs to a bedroom on the second floor. It was small but cosy and more than adequate for his needs. He usually slept on a Single, he had a Double here at Baker Street, and that was just fine with him. It was a very nice bed, and large enough for John’s needs. The bedding was brand new and freshly laundered, the mattress likewise new and quite soft. Getting ready for bed, he paid a quick visit to the water-closet at the end of the hall and took care of business before turning in for the night.
“Thanks.” John pulled them towards him as the door opened and Mary came back in with three takeaway cups of coffee. She set them on the desk and asked if anything else was needed.
They got past John, who watched in dismay as they advanced carefully on the open door of the flat. Inside, they found Sherlock shrugging into his coat.
“In my defence, I returned as much of my equipment intact as I reasonably could be expected to. And I always returned my weapons intact.”
“It has.” She tossed her gear into the lead truck and climbed onto the runner-board, “We’ll be back in a few hours.” As she dropped into her seat, he folded his arms with a scowl on his face, “Oh, what now, Will?”
“What? Besides drink myself stupid in crowded bars on weeknights and get into fist-fights with people twice my size but not my ability?”
“I imagine his Glamoured Other Form is exponentially less frightening, and still intimidating. A large dog of some appearance, judging by his pelt.”
“Because your mark didn’t realise who you really were until a moment too late. Don’t do that again, you’re too valuable.” She handed the file back to M, “Anyway, I have work to do with Q downstairs, so if you don’t need my assistance further, ma’am?”
“Stop it, you’re shaking so hard you can’t put words together.” He helped the man into his coat, “There.” He fastened it best as he could and waved down a passing taxi. Once he had the strange, frightened fey on his way home safely, John said goodnight to his co-workers and headed out. But he didn’t go home, instead, John went hunting. If he knew Moriarty, that coat was on the streets somewhere. John had every intention of rescuing it.
She had been thirteen, walking home from school with some friends, when she caught up with a group of boys from her school who were busy beating up on a younger boy who didn’t go to their school. He was from a private school, much better financial security than most of them. Judith, as a rule, avoided fighting with other children, especially boys, but she hadn’t been able to help herself when she’d found the older boys ganged up on Sherlock Holmes. She hadn’t even known his name that day, who he was or who his family was or what kind of money he might come from, but she had never been good about letting bullies get away with their cruelties and put herself in the way to take them on.
her. She leaned forward and glanced at the map above their heads that indicated their position on the system. They were coming up on Euston Square.
have a ring, it wasn’t something he’d come here to do anyway. But he had the feeling if he asked the right people, he’d find what he needed. He knew Judith’s ring-size, so that was the simple part. Going to the front desk, he begged the pretty clerk for help.
“Y-you’re ... ngh. Old man.” Sherlock gasped, arching under John, baring his throat. Oh, that was beautiful. Perfect.
“So, going by the victim’s stats, this was a vengeful ex of some romantic involvement, not sure if wife or a girlfriend. Someone quite a bit shorter than he was, even with a three-inch heel on her shoes, but not used to wearing the shoes, which threw her off-balance a bit. She might have been inebriated. Right-handed. Blonde or strawberry blonde, wearing…Clair de la Lune, and True Dimensions Firecracker lipstick.” Stripping off the gloves, she bundled them and dropped them in a marked container, “Need anything else, gentlemen?”
like in his Other Form. The fur was longer than standard, incredibly soft, and it smelled just the way John did, but stronger. It was pleasant and safe.
“Amazing.” Her brother was going over her with careful attention to her vitals, using a pen-torch to check the way her eyes dilated.
“Oh, John!” He stroked the soft fur, which interestingly enough matched his hair-colour, complete with the green tinges. It was primarily silver grey with a black/green sable. “You must be a sight to behold in your Other Forms! This pelt is...enormous!” He unfolded the pelt and stood up. Something clattered to the floor, but he didn’t really pay attention. The pelt, missing the pieces that lined the hood and collar of the parka, was about the side of a medium throw-blanket.
“I can’t leave. I’m...the only one left. My grandmother can’t live forever, doesn’t want to, and my sister’s not worth trying to save.” Sherlock saw a shimmer around John, similar to when he’d confronted Donovan, but different. “I tried and she burned me. Cursed me for “being a puppet”. I never forgave her for calling me a coward when I went to the Army.”
“Nothing obvious. The room wasn’t tossed, nothing was missing. But then again, Lestrade’s people are idiots and would trample vital evidence before they saw it. I’m sure they’ve missed every clue in front of them.”
“Because of your job with MI6, I assume.” Sherlock got out of the cab and stood on the kerb while John paid the fare.
John returned home to his flat, paid for and kept up by MI6, and looked around. He felt kind of ... lost, but he suspected that was just normal for someone in his position. He remembered feeling the same way the first time he’d found himself in this position, back in 2009, and how much he had
“Oh, you’re good!” Watson smiled and steered him into the bathroom after setting their coats on the bed. “Come on, into the bath with you.” It was a matter of minutes to get out of his clothes, and he tugged on Watson’s jumper, whining a bit.
she’s got Riley!” He shook his head and she slid into the front seat, “You kids are fast, you know? All quiet on your fronts?”
““Meet @ 36 Chester Close, looks like at least a 6, high 7. Two bodies, not sure if double-homicide or murder-suicide. Anderson on-location, be warned. – Lestrade”.” John frowned and gave back the phone, “You really do work for the police.”
“Oh my god.” She felt the blood rush from her face and the ground beneath her feet swayed a bit. “Oh, Mycroft.”
“Sure.” He knew Lestrade was trying to change the subject, knew why, and let him. Another round was promptly ordered, Lestrade paid for this one. The conversation moved on from how John and Mycroft had met to how Lestrade and Mycroft had met, which was a far more entertaining story.
“Stopped for it on the way in. Hospitals and police-stations always have the worst coffee.” Sherlock sighed. “She’ll come back, yeah?”
“Just something to make sure no one ever makes the mistake of thinking you’re free game for taking advantage of.”  John gave him a slightly crooked smile and disappeared. Sherlock looked over his shoulder, but John was already out of sight. Eager to present his gift to the Sìth soldier, Sherlock finished up in the bathroom and went out through his bedroom. His coat was gone, but he knew John had it. Smiling, he went into his closet and took down a special case. Unlocking it, he took out the one item inside. He felt the edge where pieces had been cut off and used to line the collar and cuffs of his Belstaff coat. Anthea must have brought it back to Baker Street while he slept, it hadn’t been there that morning. His coat, along with the pelt itself, had both been stolen by Jim Moriarty back in 2011, it had been almost two years since that awful day. He could tell that the pelt had been purified of any dark magic, it felt normal, benign.
“Charmed, for sure, Captain.” The red-head smiled, a familiar tight smile she was used to giving people she didn’t necessarily like, “We’re very sorry to cause any disruptions.”
“Hush, I’m thinking.” She shoved to her feet, aware of someone putting a hand under her elbow in a kind but unnecessary gesture. Judith’s balance was quite good, excellent when she was focused and sober, a bit off-kilter when she’d had a bit to drink.
“I know you’re a soldier, you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. Happened quite a few years ago, 2008 or 2009 I would guess. I know you’ve got a sister who’s worried about you but you won’t go to her for help because you don’t approve of her – possibly because she’s an alcoholic; more likely because she recently walked out on her wife. Or did the wife do the walking this time? And I know that your therapist thought your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid. Shame it came back like it did, though.” John narrowed his eyes and looked over at the unused cane leaning against the wall beside him. Sherlock grinned, “That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
“What are you doing over here?” John had noticed his distraction, but he didn’t sound upset that he had been ignored, more like he was curious to know what had gotten Sherlock’s attention so completely.
“Full disclosure, in case you find yourself getting the second degree or are kidnapped off the streets by suspicious-looking black cars with tinted windows and pretty auburn-haired women in the backseat.”
“Jesus.” Judith blew out a slow breath, pacing the living-room, occasionally glancing out the window to the street. She pulled her phone from her pocket and dialled a number. It rang through a few times, and she listened for any sign of that phone ringing in the flat.
He quickly pulled down a white sundress and a pair of silver flats. He tossed the clothes and adequate small-clothes into a small bag and headed out.
to be Sherlock Holmes. If John hadn’t known any better, he would have thought for sure it was his Quartermaster. But Q wasn’t quite so … rude? Sassy, blunt, but not quite rude.
“Yes, sir.” Judith looked at the other two and smiled. Sherlock’s bed was big enough for the four of them, they’d shared it before in more peaceful days. Before Moriarty. Stripping to pants and vests or tee shirts, they curled up on the bed together, sleeping in a familiar tangle of bodies and sheets.
“Oh, god, don’t be sorry! You kind of turned my night around anyway, so I won’t complain!” He smiled and pushed her in the direction of the stairs, “Top of the stairs, second floor, alright? Either room you want is yours!”
“Thank you, oh god, thank you for this.” He sat down quietly and she closed the door on him, calling Moran to report in on the situation.
The vacation was nice, but duty is calling. Trust Sherlock Holmes to get into trouble in the name of case-work. This time, it's Judith who steps in to retrieve the Baker Street Detectives from a tight spot.
“Mm.” John looked for somewhere to sit and moved a stack of files from the faded red armchair. Putting his book down to hold his place, he looked for the kitchen.
“Very much aware, my dear. Apologies.” Mycroft sounded like he hadn’t slept in a week and looked a bit awful.
“I never said family was perfect, but you’ve got family. And they’ll see you through this. Alright?”
“You asked nicely.” He grinned, “But really, can we both just agree to never again mention your brother in the bedroom? Please?”
She knew it was very likely the boys were asleep right now, but she was still concerned. When it had been nearly ten minutes since her text and there had been no response, she was about to call for a house-check on the boys when her phone beeped. At the same time, footage streamed showing the boys debarking safely from the cab, unharmed and unaccompanied.
“This way, please, Mr Holmes!”She said brightly, collecting two menus before leading them into the dining-room. She kept up polite chit-chat as they were seen to their reserved table, extra place-settings were removed once they were seated and John did not miss how they both sat backs to the wall once seated. Their server appeared moments later, as was standard for this place. He was young, just out of university or … no, still working his way through, clean-cut and professional, but John saw a peek of ink on his forearms.
“John Watson is not in Baker Street anymore, brother.” He said carefully as he watched his brother get dressed, “He has not been for quite some time.”
“Thank you, sir. I knew a lot of good people in the Army, good friends of mine, a selfless lot all of them. Smart, selfless, braver than I’ll ever be.”
“Oh, I’ll teach you a bit of respect, boy.” He said gruffly as he shuffled a bit. “Put that tongue of yours to proper use.” Sherlock’s reaction was perfect, and John took great pleasure in the way his throat contracted on a reactive gulp, the shudder that sent a tremor from head to toe and caused goosebumps to rise on the fair skin. Before Sherlock could quite recover, he pushed home in one long, careful thrust, stopping only when he had bottomed out. Reaching down, he pulled Sherlock down a bit more and heard the soft grunt as the change of angle caused John’s erection to brush against Sherlock’s prostate. Inspired, John pulled back a bit and adjusted his own angle to apply regular pressure to that little gland.
“Not as often as I’d like, no. Wife won’t let me.” He shrugged, “But when I die, they won’t get much. Not much money driving cabs, yeah?”
“I like you, Constable. I’ll talk to you.” Hope said after a moment of weighing his options. “May not like my answers, but you asked nice-like. I got some respect for people like you.”
“Not a clue. Haven’t heard anything.” He shrugged, “Trust me, if they’d snagged her, we would have heard about it.” One of the constables took a call on his radio and his eyebrows went up.
“No, Mr Brook.” She held out one hand to him, “And I have strong words for the people who did this to you. Were you hurt at all last night?”
“Just follow me.” With that, Q was leading him … somewhere. It wasn’t long before he was stopped again.
it. John was distracted from getting too far stuck in his head by a soft pressure against his legs and he looked down to see that he had some company.
“Rick, this lovely angel is Martha Hudson. She’s the one who looks after my brother and his mad flat-mate.”
of them would get something useful done tonight. He felt bad for Judith and Sherlock, wondering how long Judith would stay on Everest, and if anyone would think to go looking for her out there.
“I don’t know what the two of you have done, but your brother is up there and if I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was waiting for the Queen!”
“Chester Terrace. Twenty minutes walk from here.” He passed John his phone and let him read the text.
John and his fellow Double-Ohs James Bond and Alec Trevelyan had always been the renegades of the lot, causing far more headaches and grief than they were worth and yet always getting the job done. John had come late to the agency, but he had been one of their best once he had a chance to prove himself. And Bond and Trevelyan had wasted no time bringing the clever, resourceful veteran into their fold. Olivia Mansfield had quite often bemoaned the cavalier, almost careless way the threesome operated, but she was always the first to vouch for them.
“Good night, boys!” Mrs Hudson called cheerfully from the bottom of the stairs. “I’ll have earplugs in!”
“I suspect, Mrs Hudson, that my mother would be delighted to visit Baker Street again.” John just smiled as he buttoned up his parka, brushing off the left sleeve. “So you may very well get your wish.”
“You wanna risk it?” The cabbie pulled his attention away as the phone beeped, going to voicemail. Sherlock looked down at the pills thoughtfully.
“No rush, Jude, take your time. This isn’t a small affair, anyway, and the press-con’s just for the sake of the press before word gets out somewhere else.” Greg followed her to the door and hugged her tight, wishing her luck as she set off on her own.
“Oh, god, that’s almost worse!” John chuckled in spite of his grief, “Let me guess. Sherrinford Holmes?”
“Nah, I remember you, Mr Roberts. You were just a misguided kid out to save the world.” Judith smiled, “I hated sending you home like that, I’m glad you found something to keep yourself busy.”
“You will be moved to a secure location immediately and remain there, under full guard, until the coast is clear.” Alexandra got to her feet and John and Sherlock followed. She straightened her uniform and looked at them, at John, who had stiffened and drawn himself tall. “I do not doubt your ability to defend yourself and your mate, John, but in this, you must trust me to keep you both safe. It will do no good if either of you is injured. Or worse, killed.”
“I suppose we might.” He got up and held out one hand, “We would love to help you find Pongo’s pups. How many were taken?”
interested in teaching at Saint Bart’s. I’ve seen way too much to be content teaching ungrateful little snots how to
“What if I don’t take either?” Sherlock’s gaze flickered briefly to the window but he quickly turned his attention back to the cabbie.
“Yeah, that’s...actually, yeah, that’s perfect. If you don’t mind carrying a couple bags of ice in your boot.”
. Nope. Come by when you’re off duty and see for yourself!” She grinned, “I promise you won’t be disappointed.”
“Oh, not anymore, I’m not.” She murmured, remembering something she’d gotten done today. For once, it had nothing to do with friends or relatives getting involved. She had done it herself, earned it herself with hours and hours of diligent hard work proving herself worthy. And for once, even James Roben didn’t have anything to bitch about. Puzzled, he pulled back and looked at her, eyes narrow.
“I didn’t know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room ... said trained at Bart’s, so Army doctor – obvious. And while we were at Gabriel’s Wharf, you mentioned stitching up soldiers in Kandahar when I was a lad of six.” He paused to take a draw of his cigarette. “Were you any good?”
It seemed an eternity and no time at all before they heard the bell. John made a soft sound of distress as they listened to Mrs Hudson open the door to their expected royal guests and offer to see them upstairs. Sherlock instinctively put one hand on John’s shoulder, giving a gentle squeeze before he moved his hand to the back of his mate’s neck. John relaxed a bit at the touch, but not entirely. They listened to the sound of footsteps outside and he counted three besides Mrs Hudson. His sense of smell told him that three Lycans had entered the house, one of them exceptionally powerful. Two bodyguards for the exiled Queen? The door opened and Mrs Hudson let in their guests. Once they were all inside, she looked quickly at Sherlock and John and disappeared again, closing the door behind her. Anyone who had been seated when the door opened had gotten to their feet the instant Mrs Hudson opened the door, and  Sherlock stood behind John as they faced the Lycan royals. The bodyguards weren’t royalty, but they were members of the Summer Court, Sherlock was able to mark them by the soft aura of gold around them. Two constables from Lestrade’s division, had they taken the job upon themselves or had they been assigned to the detail? But the one he was most interested in was the woman standing in the middle of the room. She looked unassumingly plain, like John, it was clear where he’d gotten his looks from. But the power she held was…unmistakable.
Follow my voice to the physical world. You've been trapped long enough. Your friends and family need you.
“Of course we do!” Mr Radcliffe looked tired and annoyed. Suddenly, his wife went stiff and her eyes widened.
“Yes. Please.” John stepped closer and he carefully removed the last pieces of clothing. The bullet-wound was not his only scar, but it was by far his most prominent. Exploring could happen later, shower now. John steered him under the water and took the time to properly wash Sherlock, going over every inch of him that he could reach, which included
“Of course you can! You clever, sneaky thing, you!” She got up, hauled him to his feet, and they went to the restaurant, where beaming staff showed them to a small table just for two people. Dinner was amazing, as it had been every night they had been here, but everything seemed to taste better tonight. Happiness had a funny way of changing your perspective on things.
“I’m not afraid to get my knuckles bloody.” Judith leant her head back, “I remember your mother being very kind to me.”
“‘Solving crimes won’t be enough. One day he’ll cross the line.’ Now, ask yourself: what sort of man would kidnap those kids just so he can impress us all by finding them?” Mrs Hudson gasped. Just then the Chief Superintendent walked in. Judith followed him up the stairs.
“What?” His voice was nearly an octave lower. If she’d been booted from The Met, he would have been the
It was a quiet drive from the Tesco to the Billingsley’s house, or as quiet as it could be with three squad-cars making a show of force with blues-and-twos on full. When they arrived, he got out of Hutchison’s car and looked over the roof at Sherlock.
“Oh, come now, Mycroft! Don’t be like that!” Moriarty said cheerfully, “Of course you know that’s not true. Besides, what with your brother’s coat stolen, and that really is quite a shame, someone has to make sure he doesn’t run afoul of any questionable characters.”
John! It was! Oh, saints be blessed, it was him! Sherlock stood there, staring up at the vision of John Watson in clubbing gear, chatting up and flirting with the man to his left.
“Sorry – you stopped her husband being executed?” It wasn’t that John was confused by the idea, he just wanted to make sure he didn’t get it wrong.
“Serial-killers, ma’am.” She wrinkled her nose, “Murder-for-hire, if I had to guess, judging by the looks of him. Fairly average, not of any extensive wealth, and not well-in with his family.” She shrugged, “I had Q pull a few cameras in Soho for me so I can go over the footage.”
“Yeah, for whatever a couple of pensions can get me these days.” He shrugged and took a sip of his drink.
“I don’t know if you understand exactly what my son has done for you, Sherlock, in an act of complete selflessness that is completely within his character to look after others before himself and defend those incapable of doing so for themselves.” Alexandra’s eyes darkened and he saw the now-familiar ripple around her that expressed a visual cue of displeasure or sadness. Her voice had hardened, but her displeasure was not with either of them.
“Molly!” The harried-looking police-officer was leading a small team pushing a gurney. They were from the Coroner’s Office, and that was a new dead body to add to Doctor Hooper’s already-full roster. John recognized the silver-haired man he had met briefly the other night.
Sherlock looked up again and made eye contact with John. He couldn’t tell if his clever friend had recognized him, but that hand-gesture was very familiar to him and he smiled brightly, waving to show he’d gotten the message. As he ducked into the queue of people waiting to get into the club, he heard a soft, shrill whistle and looked up yet again. This time just in time to catch something dropped from the balcony above. He caught it and opened the billfold, extracting an item from inside before closing it again. With practised ease, he tossed the billfold back up, waited until he saw it slide into John’s back pocket, and pocketed the card and the bills. With purpose in his stride, Sherlock headed for the front of the line. When he got there, he waved the card at the bouncers, who took the card and checked it against a list.
The after-theatre crowd had disappeared for the most part, which was fine considering the place was lit up in washes of white and blue because of the police vehicles. A different crowd had gathered, held behind barriers to keep them out until the scene was shut down. As soon as John and Sherlock appeared, the driver hopped out and held the door of the car for them.
, Corporal, or it’s your tags I’m taking! Are we clear on this?” She snarled, showing her credentials. The poor pilot couldn’t get into position fast enough, apologizing for the misunderstanding. She kissed Greg before she kicked the rope out and jumped, and as soon as her feet were on the ground, she unhooked from the belay and shed the harness.
for hindering police operations.” He turned and left the room. John turned to Sally who was standing near the door.
“Haven’t decided yet.” He leaned over and kissed John on the cheek, “Please don’t get mad at me, John.”
“We’ve always treated John like one of ours, and Judith too, after she came to the family when I married Beverley.” He said grimly. “But my wife at that time, she understood how important it was to keep John safe. No one ever asked, and if they did, we just told them where to put it.”
dead in the first place, and we move on with our lives.” John shrugged and found a pair of pyjama bottoms and a tee-shirt, tossing them at Sherlock, “Preferably together. I’ve had enough of living by myself or trying with someone who didn’t deserve it.”
“Grieving the loss of one of the most spectacular, talented women I’ve ever met, the woman closest to a mother to me and several other people. They wouldn’t let me near the Spectre and Nine-Eyes mess, which made sense in hindsight, but not at the time.” John shook his head, looking up at Sherlock from an angle as he dried his hair. “I spent three weeks shacked up in James’s flat while we kept each other from either swallowing our guns or taking off AWOL to hunt down the bastards and make them pay for what they’d done to us. When they let us loose, we were bound and determined to do our jobs so fucking well they couldn’t keep us out again. Q was a huge help.”
A few weeks later, she was on her way to Saint Bart’s to visit Sherlock. She was working that day, and was at the tail-end of a boring, uneventful on-call shift, and had decided to take the Tube to the hospital for a bit of excitement. No one really bothered her, a few riders said hello when they marked her a member of the police force, but for the most part it was a quiet ride. The hour helped, too. It was nearly midnight. There weren’t many people out at this hour, and no one who would risk bothering an armed constable just for kicks. And yet, Judith was aware of being under someone’s
When he showed himself on the work floor, it wasn’t hard to spot the young Quartermaster. Q, of course, saw him coming and just smiled brightly.
“I kind of suspected there was something about the two of you, and you keep disappearing on the weekends and on days you’re not slated for work. Where do you go?”
“Yes, sir.” She smiled and leaned across the console as he started the car, “All quiet and waiting for the storm to break.” He smirked and took a quick kiss.
it. Even on the days you all treated me like shite, I didn’t care.” He rubbed his jaw, feeling a stiffness there that always got worse on very cold days, “It was exciting and gave me a reason to get out of bed in the morning to write the next blog-post.” Sherlock squeezed his hand tightly and leant against his shoulder.
Greg called up the officers waiting outside and they had Hope transferred down to the station. As he was bundled into the waiting car, he had one more thing to say to Greg.
“How long did you say the fuse was?” John asked smugly as he took the pen and clicked it three times.
“Doctor Watson!” Major Kendrick’s hail was far too cheerful, and she grit her teeth. “I was wondering where on Earth you’d been hiding!”
Coming to the party had been a bad idea, and all he and Mary had really done was argue with each other and spend the rest of the party miserable (John) or chatting with friends like nothing was wrong (Mary). So, when Lisa Billingsly ran out of ice, John volunteered to go out and get some more. He needed the fresh air. He needed to think before he ended up doing something he regretted again. All he wanted was to go back to London, go back to…well, what was in London for him? He couldn’t very well go
“Hmm.” He finished his beer, “She’s rather fond of going up there when things get a bit hot like they did tonight.”
“Don’t mention it. It’s nothing I minded doing.” John put his hands in his coat-pockets and shrugged as they all three looked at Eurus Holmes’s grave-marker.
“Do you think you’ll be needing Sherlock?” An eyebrow went up in question as they walked back to the car.
one of those sorcerers! Useful trick that is.” The medic looked at her as he placed the line, “Yep, that’ll do the trick. You’ll feel better in a bit.”
“What’s that?” Sherlock didn’t really look up, instead reaching out with his free hand to give Kitty a scratch behind the left ear. He had a biro in that hand, tucked between two fingers, which he subsequently twirled almost carelessly. Another strange little habit of his? Setting down his cup, he used
“Then there you have it. Family is what you make of it, blood and genetics bedamned.” He reached across the console and took her hand, “You’ve got Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes, you’ve got your grandmother, you’ve got me, for whatever it’s worth. That’s not bad for family.”
John Watson had never expected to be dismissed from one service, let alone two in his lifetime. And yet, the truth was staring him in the face in stark black and white. And it didn’t seem that either dismissal was voluntary. Not again. This could
The creature turned from Moriarty, who lay still on the pavement, and Sherlock got a good look at its face. The muzzle was stained red with blood, which dripped from its jaws, and it’s eyes…dear god, he’d never seen eyes like that in any manner of hound, Fey or otherwise. They were bright blue and seemed without end, as if he could fall into them and never reach the bottom. Sherlock was reminded of ice, for some reason. The massive creature took out the goons holding Sherlock with two swipes of massive paws, one blow spun Sherlock off his feet and he tumbled. Rolling, he felt a sharp pain in his back a split second before his world narrowed, went dark, and then reoriented itself. It took a moment for him to recover and at first, he thought he’d gone blind, but he hadn’t. He was stuck under his own coat. He had Phased, likely out of panic, and gotten trapped. Tapping into his magic, he let go of the Glamour and felt himself growing. It hurt, it always did, but it wasn’t crippling. In no time, his coat slipped off and he found himself standing on all fours beneath the chest and belly of an enormous Cù-Sìth. But it wasn’t purebred. It was…Hybrid? He glanced up, a little intimidated by the sheer bulk of the massive hound. It lowered its head and he touched noses. That magic felt familiar and he blinked.
“Yeah, I’ll say it did!” She was thinking of the people who had died in the flat-block explosion. And Jefferson Hope’s victims.
“No. Heaven knows what the objects of his studies are.” An eye-roll, a huff. The taxi began to slow and Stamford looked out the window. “But here we are, and you must form your own impressions about him.”
“Alright, you two, let’s get back to headquarters and get your statements.” Greg looked tired as he waved them to follow.
“Do you need them?” She blinked. He pointed at the bomb-vest and parka. She sighed, wishing her hands weren’t shaking.
tell me how to do my job, Holmes!” Anderson snarled, chest-to-chest with Sherlock, who looked rather unimpressed, “
“No, Mycroft, it’s alright.” Judith smiled at Sherlock’s brother, who wasn’t really all that different from how she remembered him, just…older. “Sherlock needs an assistant, and I, well, I sort of need a new job. So it works out for both of us. And I’ve seen enough in Afghanistan that I doubt anything your brother does is going to surprise me. Least of all a dead body.”
“More or less. I don’t care for most people or circumstances. But you know this.” He set the lock of the door and Judith glanced over her shoulder. He hadn’t given up his suit, but he had forsaken his jacket and the tie. Judith chuckled and listened as he shed the rest of his clothes to pants, doing the same and tossing her clothes out in a pile. She ran the water and sighed as it ran cool. There wasn’t really such a thing as hot water out here in the desert, but a shower was a shower.
“When they said bigger responsibilities, they weren’t joking. Roben put me in charge of John and Sherlock, just for spite’s sake.”
After finishing the coffee, which really did help wake him up, Greg headed for Judith’s room. He knew without question that the man sitting at her bedside was no one to be trifled with. The way he dressed was outlandish, almost like something out of a fairy-tale. There was something about him that reminded Greg of Sherlock, but he wasn’t sure what it was, exactly. He let the door close quietly behind him and leaned against the door to observe. It was quiet for a few minutes, the tense silence only broken by the beeping of the monitors and the soft murmuring of the man at Judith’s bedside.
you?” Sherlock finally got his head up and glared up at the man. He knew the man’s name, of course, thanks to Judith Watson. But the cabbie didn’t need to know that
with him at some point? Her name-tag was covered by her radio, so she didn’t think he’d seen her name like that. He might have gotten it off of her badge? No, he
But before John could start to feel sorry for himself, Sherlock was on him. It happened faster than he was able to react, and John found himself flat on his back, pinned to the mattress by the lean, surprisingly muscular body of his attractive young flat-mate, who looked down at him with mussed hair and bright lapis eyes.
activity out of that house, and you let me know, do you understand?” She said bluntly. “If Kitty Riley leaves that house, if her
This is my first Sherlock fanfic! Please read and review. It's complete, but it's still a WIP as I go back and edit for grammar and such. Please let me know if you see something that doesn't seem right, or doesn't make sense. Crossovers and AUs are not meant to follow the flow of canon, so things will probably be vastly different here. If this isn't your cup of tea, then brew a new pot.
“Roger that.” He smiled and started queuing up the requested cameras, “Oh, by the way, M wanted to see you.”
“While we were on vacation. He didn’t plan it at all, really, but it was the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen him do. He went for so long married to a woman who didn’t love him, and the divorce almost ruined him.”
She was distracted from recall by a shuffle and bit her lip to stifle the sounds getting caught in her chest.
“Because I’m the one who pulled the trigger on her. And I made sure she saw my face before she died so she would know exactly who had done the deed.”
“So sorry, Major, it’s been Hell in here.” She turned, drying her hands on a rag, “I’ve been staying busy.”
it was. It was extraordinary; it was quite extraordinary.” And really, it was quite amazing to hear someone lay that out for him.
“Our parents have no originality, unfortunately, and thought it was clever to name both of their sons William.”
“She staked out Sue Ling nine months ago, and she’s been systematically stealing Dalmatian puppies all over London.” John handed him the file they had started on the case, gesturing at the Evidence Wall, which was plastered with photographs, maps, and paperwork.
“This way.” He tugged on  John’s hand, wondering when he had gone from being “Watson” to being “John” and decided it wasn’t that important, leading him into the bathroom. There, he ran the water as hot as he could handle it and turned to his companion, who was still in trousers and pants. “May I?” He asked, reaching for the belt.
“Well, I kind of abandoned you, didn’t I?” She didn’t miss how he came alongside her perch and leant against the front of the truck, “That doesn’t bother you?”
“Keep that. I’ll take the card.” He didn’t have to look to know John was smiling. “Thanks for the drink.”
“I’d like to.” He sighed, “You do not have to go with me to deal with Mary, Sherlock. I can’t ask that of you.”
“Until I get back to you regarding Jim Moriarty’s status. For now, he’s on our side.” She looked over her shoulder as she got ready to leave, “I don’t trust the Moriartys, but I have no reason to treat Richard Brook like a criminal. That could change, but for now, I need to protect him.” She reclaimed her Rover with Sally and took back her post at Saint Bart’s.
Sherlock Holmes.” All pretence of affability dropped and Moriarty’s demeanour changed and his hand on Sherlock’s tightened painfully, “His coat has been discarded, destroyed, and his pelt is mine! I own him, and you can’t stop me!”
“What do I tell them?” She kept her eyes closed. “Sherlock is going to read me like an open book, and we
“Oh, for Heaven’s sake! Come in, you two! Just like you to get caught out in the rain, hmm?” She practically dragged them into the house, as she had many times in the past when they got caught out on a case and forgot or lost their keys.
“Good,” John said briskly. One of the constables went ahead of them and held the door of Lestrade’s car for them. Didn’t say anything, didn’t look John in the eye.
“Disrespectful little brat.” He growled, bending his head to nip at the soft, pale skin. Sherlock just whined and John felt the sharp relief of fingernails digging into his shoulders. Thin, scarred fingers found their way into John’ hair and tightened.
She made herself scarce for most of the inspection, carefully dodging the suits while keeping them under surveillance. These two didn’t look half-bad, and her careful surveillance revealed that she might have gotten her wish for smart agents. She marked them for brothers or cousins, but siblings were far more likely between them, noting differences in stature and body-types. They were roughly the same height, give or take a couple of inches. Six-foot or taller, which kind of made her feel shorter than usual. There was an air of danger unknown to them. And the ginger looked familiar. Well, they both did, but where on Earth would she have met them? For the past twelve years, she had been all over the world, based in Afghanistan for the last four, so, when? She would have remembered them from other inspections, and had never once seen them on any of her bases.
Seeing him there by the doors, Judith came right over to him, John hard on her heels. It wasn’t just an illusion, he knew now, and it made his heart ache a bit for the clever, resourceful Watson twins.
, and everything else he thought we might need to know. He’s a bottom-rung gun-for-hire, but he knew enough to be useful. He knows his time is limited, if the aneurysm doesn’t off him then one of Moriarty’s insiders will.”
“Obviously. Come on, you, up you get.” Greg offered a hand to Sherlock and looked at the pair of them, “Jesus, you look like a pair of the Homeless Network.”
“Sort of? I mean, I’m a practical man, and magic doesn’t have much to do with my job or daily life, but…if I had to believe in something?”
“I’m in complete control, Sherlock.”And he was, surprisingly, he was absolutely in complete control of himself. What kind of power did John Watson really have? Who was he? A Cù-Sìth Lycan, but…who? What was the secret of the Watson family? Sherlock hadn’t noticed before because he had been otherwise occupied with practical concerns like staying away from Moriarty, getting his coat back, and finding John, but the magic he felt coming off of John was…alarming.
After she had been dismissed from the scene, she worked the rest of the day, went home to Baker Street that night. She helped John and Sherlock with the next set of clues the following day. It was her day off, so she wasn’t expected anywhere and could give her efforts to Baker Street. They stopped another bomb, solved another case, and as it got dark, Judith decided to head back to Kensington.
It was quiet as they drove back to base, and she got Brook booked into holding. If anyone was surprised to see him, they didn’t say anything. Once Brook was secure, she went to help Sally book in a very confrontational Kitty Riley, who didn’t seem to realize or care how much trouble she was actually in.
“Still. I’m sorry. I can’t imagine being alone like that, without family. I assume your parents are deceased?”
“Judith Watson. Detective Constable. Criminal Investigations Division, Homicide and Major Crimes.” The master of ceremonies called Judith’s name and even though she didn’t look at them, he did not miss the way his sister blushed when their little group made enough noise to deafen their half of the room.
“Mm. Not me who needs luck, A.” John just grinned at her after stealing a kiss that made her squeal.
Returning upstairs and collecting his tray from the dumbwaiter, he set down the wine and water on the table, laid out the glasses for each, and set down the bread and plates.
“I’ll send ‘em off again. No sense bothering you boys on a night like this. Can’t be any good reason for it, either.” She chuckled and wandered off again, muttering to herself about the sorry state of things and how the two of them could use a week of hot showers and a month’s worth of food.
“Oh, nice to meet you.” Judith shook hands with the charming man, wondering why his name sounded so familiar, “We…haven’t met before, have we?”
While his back was turned to the pool, a door opened halfway down the room. Sherlock looked over his shoulder, still holding the memory stick aloft. A slight figure walked through the door and into the pool area, wrapped snugly in a hooded jacket. Far too warm for the deck. It was a woman. Was it Judith? She turned and looked at them, and Sherlock recognized her right away. Oh, Christ, it
She was still compiling her daily reports when a tap on the window startled her. It was just Sherlock, who looked a bit better than he had earlier. She rolled her window down and smiled, “Hey, you.”
Once he was done throwing up, she knelt before him, pulling the bucket away, and touched his cheeks and forehead. She noted the blue tinge of his lips and tongue, and measured a thready, rapid pulse. All perfectly normal symptoms for a patient post-emetic episode.
warmer in Sanctorum, naturally, but Stephen could be a worry-wart when he felt like it. Judith found herself bundled in a dressing-gown and two blankets, relegated to the couch in front of a roaring fire, a mug of something hot shoved into her hands.
When she emerged ten minutes later, she wore the sun-dress and flats, her hair was braided loosely down her back, and her smile was blinding. He slyly pocketed the ring-box without her seeing it, and careful to conceal his own. She would catch on eventually, she was pretty damn smart after all.
“But…Jude, we can’t control temporal magic like that!” John wiped tears from his cheek, leaving a streak of red against his skin.
“Fantastic! Let’s go home, boys! I’m done with this place!” She hopped into the chopper and fastened her harness. As soon as the brothers were seated, they took off. Two hours later, she airborne bound for a place she hadn’t seen in two years.
“Not female. Well, not primary.” He leaned back on his heels. “Trans, couldn’t say which way, but I wouldn’t be surprised at all if that was the cause for the murder.”
This meant he had to go looking for another job, and quite possibly a new place to live. He really wasn’t looking forward to that. Now, maybe if he worked this right, he could keep his current place as a safe-house of sorts, it wasn’t the only one of its kind he had and he didn’t really feel up to surrendering it if his employers weren’t going to demand it back. John rubbed his eyes briskly, knowing it would help no one to cry, or dwell on this for too long. Instead, he decided to put his grief to use and pack up another chapter of his life. He didn’t have much, a lifetime of living in Army housing both domestic and overseas had taught him to keep few material belongings. And in service to Section Six, he kept less than that. He was rarely home long enough to have more than the basic necessities in either service, but that was no longer his option. Retrieving a couple of boxes kept on hand for just this sort of thing, John began packing up his small office in MI6 Headquarters.
tan. But no sooner had they gotten home than Mycroft was calling on them to dispatch to Baskerville Research Facility, a top-level Ministry of Defense base located in Dartmoor just a few miles outside of Grimpen Village.
They got a few calls that day, but nothing terrible or anything warranting calling on their consultants. Between calls, she ran errands for Greg and Sally. She was the new girl, sitting at the bottom of the division ladder, so if
“Come on inside, you two.” Lestrade turned away from Donovan and looked at Sherlock and John. “Have any trouble getting here?”
“Oh my god.” They watched as Hope emerged from the taxi and went around to the passenger door, opening it and reaching in to help his fare onto the sidewalk.
your case, ain’t it? Holmes and Watson just happened to be on the job when things went south a bit.”
“Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket…or are you just pleased to see me?” He asked with a grin. Sherlock pulled the pistol from his waistband, taking careful aim at the madman.
“Oh, that was an awful day! And I don’t regret doing that, by the way, I really don’t. If I’d been of the mind, I probably would have decked that bitch for swinging at you like that.”
“Well, if it’s any difference to you, both places on several different occasions. Spent most of my service over there, see? Afghanistan, last station before I got myself shot and shipped home. Somebody didn’t do their research and thought Cù-Sìth meant Werewolf. Took a Quicksilver bullet to the shoulder while I was pulling one of my guys to cover in the middle of an ambush.” Watson turned to him.  Sherlock saw the exit-wound and couldn’t stifle a horrified gasp.
“Well, your hair’s about four inches shorter than it was when you jumped, you’re a couple stone skinnier, and you’ve got a beard. If anyone actually
“Oh, sure you can, girls!” He smiled sadly and dragged them into the flat, which didn’t look that different from the last time she’d seen it, “Not much has really changed since you were home last, eh?”
He could see Sherlock’s fingers twitching, but it wasn’t a tremor, it was a nervous tic. John chuckled and dug a slightly-crumpled pack of cigarettes from his back pocket. After checking to make sure that the pack wasn’t empty, he gave a soft whistle and got Sherlock’s attention. When the young detective looked at him, he gestured with the pack in question. Already dilated eyes got wider and he just smiled as he tossed the pack to Sherlock, who caught the pack, flipped it open with a practised flick of his thumb, and extracted two cigarettes.
I saw his car on the street, I knew he couldn’t possibly keep his big fat nose out of business that’s certainly not his.”
It didn’t take long to catch up to the suspect and she took him out with a spell. Judith knelt on his back and slapped the hand-cuffs around his wrists. Searching him, she confiscated his sling-ring and added a charm to her hand-cuffs to keep him from using his own magic to break free.
“You had a wonderful voice, I remember.” Gerald was smiling, she didn’t need to see his face to know. She sighed, wondering if she should go for it here. She still planned to spend the rest of her evening at Maroush, but there were a few hours yet before she had to be anywhere.
“Your name sounds a bit familiar, like I’ve heard it before, seen you somewhere.” He studied the other man. “What did you do before your accident?”
“Just thinking back on a few things.” He smiled and looked over at his flat-mate, who was a bit more than that, “How long do you think it’ll be before Judith jumps to Sergeant?”
“I can be nice. These people lost their puppies, John, that’s serious business.” Sherlock batted snow from his coat, “Do you really think it was DeVil?”
“Only you would think that’s exciting, Sherlock Holmes. Bloody poncy git, too damn useful.” He shook his head and headed for the scene.
“I don’t trust you for a minute.” Donovan narrowed her eyes. Judith chuckled and leaned close, stealing a quick kiss.
“No, you wouldn’t.” Sherlock shrugged into his coat, not the Belstaff that had been replaced during his time away, “Whatever you’ve done, Mycroft, I do not forgive you. Not now.”
When he reached M’s office, he let himself in and spotted the Director’s secretary seated behind the curved reception desk, head bent to some task, an earpiece tucked subtly into one ear. John sighed and decided to get this over with. Approaching the desk, he knew the precise moment Eve Moneypenny registered his presence and identity and offered a small smile as she simply pointed at the closed door of the Director’s office.
“Hmm. Time’s quarter after seven. We have a nineteen-hour flight to San Juan.” He frowned thoughtfully, drumming his fingers against her collar-bone, “The jet’s on stand-by, all we really have to do is show up.”
“Q, you’re a marvel.” John carefully pressed his fingertips to the scanner. Sure enough, the locks popped less than three seconds later. He pulled the door open and ducked into the car for a quick peek before deciding to get in. John slid into the car, settling on the vented leather seat, and stroked the wheel and dash with reverent fingers. Everything looked just the way it had before Timothy Bennett had decided to “borrow” his car, and there were a few new goodies added. Q took him through every feature, what it did and how it worked, and told him to take care of it, but bring it back if it ever needed work done.
come from?” She looked over at him, “I’d put you somewhere on the American East Coast going by your accent.”
“Saw plenty of dead bodies in my day, son.” John smiled a bit. “I was responsible for a few of those bodies, of course, but I know what’s what.”
“And, there he goes.” John chuckled and followed Sherlock. They found the bullet in the bathroom sink, surrounded by broken glass. It had passed through the wall and smashed into the mirror above the sink before dropping into the basin. Using a piece of tissue, they collected the projectile and handed it over to Hutchison.
a good day!” She kept her eyes closed and her head back, “Roben would have booted me if he’d had the chance! Might still try, not that I
“Yes, sir.” He held out one hand, “Greg Lestrade, Homicide and Major Crimes. I’m taking your family’s case, sir, to make sure it gets done right.”
There was a click as he hung up first and she pocketed her phone, covering her mouth with one hand for a moment.
“Oh, what, you crabby old thing?” Sherlock looked down at her, making direct eye contact. “You think you can just play cute and I’ll like you?”
“Wrong, and wrong again. He’s here because he offered Greg and I a ride to wherever it is we happened to be going.” John folded his hands behind his back, studying the cocky, irritating young detective. “And before you get any ideas, I met Greg at Saint Bart’s. He’s a better man than you deserve to have as family.”
“I’ll wait until I hear that water go off before I bring up tea, you had better be decent when I do.”
“Thought you might be missing it. Beautiful coat, can’t believe that ghoul Moriarty got hold of you like that.” Watson’s voice was soft as Sherlock handled the material. He pushed on Sherlock’s shoulder, distracting him a bit.
“That one stormed out of here ten minutes ago without so much as a by your leave, could be anywhere in the building or in London,” John said carefully.
“Well, what are you good at? I get the feeling practising medicine doesn’t quite appeal if the idea of teaching makes you regret some of your life choices.”
“Yep. That was great.” John snickered and ruffled the silly Belstaff, “You look like Sherlock Holmes again.”
“We’ve got proper warrants, Mrs Hudson,” Judith called back, coming to a halt halfway up when she found her way blocked by her brother.
times. She turned towards Davies Street and took one step in that direction. Quickly setting her foot down again, Judith took stock. She was
make that milestone, it was kind of a big deal. A quiet one, but still important. And John was one of only a few surviving Double-Ohs who
“The gun!” John hesitated. Sherlock got a quick look at the approaching car and made a split-second decision.
“Because this case was sitting here when I came out after our shower. I didn’t see it before, but I found it on the red chair, so that’s probably why.” John patted the case sitting in front of him.
“We have leads to follow in Suffolk. Sherlock and I are going to fly out there right now and join the hunt. I promise we’ll find your puppies. And I wouldn’t worry too much about Pongo and Perdy.”
“Hmm, well, you aren’t missing anything.” Judith was very calm, surprisingly calm, as she ate, but he saw her fingers trembling a little. Her voice was steady and soft, but she wasn’t entirely unaffected.
“You won't have to wait very long. But while he is at large and you are both at risk, it is not safe for you in London.”
“Ta.” He took the offered hand and heaved himself to his feet. A pair of constables hustled Lachey to his feet and got him bundled into the back of the marked squad-car after making sure he didn’t need an ambulance.
“Uh, hang on a mo. Something’s just come up.” He was on a phone call and she winced, realizing how much noise she’d made just now, “Can I get back to you, sir? Yeah, thanks. Right away, sir.” He hung up the phone and cleared his desk faster than she’d expected him to.
“Alright, you, get up. You’re coming with me.” With very little ceremony, he was dragged to his feet and hustled away from the swarming pub.
“Because I was moving when they hit me, and when I initially felt the impact, I just thought a piece of brass had fallen under my armour and gotten caught*.” He shrugged, feeling the stretch and give of healed scar-tissue. “It wasn’t until I’d managed to call for help and gotten my men to safety that someone else noticed.”
“Donovan, as badly as I would love to see you put in your place once and for all, I’d rather you not provoke Colonel Watson any further. He would rip you to shreds.” Greg Lestrade stepped between them, breaking up the tension a bit more, “And I do not mean that in the figurative sense of publicly humiliating you with the kind of dressing-down you’ve deserved since 2011. You got away with a slap on the wrist and a month of desk-duty. I’d have taken your badge for what you did that day.”
, she had learned from James Bond. But no one knew that, and those that did never made the mistake of taking advantage of her.
“Them’s the breaks, love.” Greg squeezed her hand and kissed her on the cheek as he got up and went to the door. He wasn’t gone very long, and returned with Mike Stamford in tow. Now that she was awake, she was one step closer to getting out of here. She could go home soon. And she missed home. She missed her routine, she missed waking up next to Greg, she missed her cats.
“Says she’s got family in Kingsteignton. Her credentials were good and she cleared the probationary period without any problems.” Lestrade separated two files from the stacks on his desk, “There’s two of the files, I’ll have to do some hunting for the other one.”
“Wanna see some more?” Now he was smiling, like he knew the greatest secret in the world and he couldn’t wait to tell her.
“I like my job, the people I work with.” She couldn't help twisting the ring on her left hand, one that laid a subtle declaration to anyone who bothered to pay attention. Stephen noticed and took her hand. As soon as he saw the ring, his eyes lit up and he looked up at her.
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.” He would look through the contracts tomorrow, but he did take the time to read and sign the pet agreement for Kitty. Who had apparently decided that Sherlock was worth a second chance and wound between his feet, making soft noises and occasionally lifting her front paws off the floor to rub against him. For a while, he ignored her, but as John knew she would, she didn’t much like that and eventually took matters into her own paws and got up on her back legs, front paws resting on Sherlock’s left knee. She looked right at him and made a loud noise to get his attention.
“Stay on guard, love. Be safe.” Moran hugged her and offered to hail a cab for her, but she didn’t let him.
The Hound of Baskerville takes front and centre. It goes about as well as any case can, with the boys getting into plenty of trouble with the wrong sorts of people and out of it again with some help.
, Judith.” Judith rolled her eyes and studied the three massive wall-mounted monitors in her grandmother’s office, each one showing a different bank of cameras, several feeds were still running live, and others were showing earlier footage from the hours she had specified.
“Mm, I seem to remember suggesting just that very thing and then we got distracted.” John chuckled, “My apologies.”
John drifted between wakefulness and sleep for what felt like hours and had no idea what time it was when he heard someone shouting for him.
“Because a charitable benefactor has forced this upon us, you get to babysit the consultants for Lestrade’s division.” Roben snarled. “Keep them
When they got back to his, John thanked Mycroft for the ride and waited until the car was out of sight before he made his next move. He had never opened the door, opting instead to wait. He didn’t know why he waited, or where he thought he was going at this hour, but John had the feeling it might not be a bad idea to do some walking. After double-checking his side-arm for readiness, he zipped up his coat and set off into the night by himself, hands in his pockets. No one bothered him, of course, and he traversed the city streets with little trouble.
“There’s a plane waiting to fly us back to London, stationed at the airport in Kabul!” Mycroft Holmes yelled over the whine of the engines.
“Sounds good to me!” She smiled and they followed the chatty hostess to a communal table. There were already a few people at the table, all of them in rather good spirits. Judith suspected it was the several bottles of wine and beer scattered along that section of the table that gave rise to their cheer. In a fit of alcohol-fueled goodwill, the businessman footing the bill for the other group at their table bought a round of drinks for everyone at the table, insisting that Judith and Lestrade consider themselves taken care of. Judith had never been one to turn down a free drink, and apparently, neither was Lestrade. Introductions were made and good times had by all. There was enough food, when that came, for twice the number of people at their table, but very little was left uneaten.
“You’re not going to need that.” A soft voice addressed her from the other side of the door. Judith almost dropped her phone.
Running the water as hot as he could stand it, John took a brief shower. He didn’t want to waste any unnecessary time, so he didn’t linger. Already aroused from the brief workout earlier, his body had reacted with shameful predictability to the sight of his naked young flat-mate, but John still didn’t bother with more than a stroke or two. Finishing up with his shower, he dried off quickly with a towel and wrapped it around his waist.
“I merely suggested that you were safe, but you would not listen, so I appealed to your subconscious.”
.” Kitty did not take that threat seriously, of course, and just sniffed the mug as Sherlock took another sip.
“Ah. Right you are.” That got a bit of a mischievous smile and Sherlock bumped noses with him. “Allow me to make good on my proposals.”
“That’s a gorgeous pelt, Colonel. The colouring is phenomenal, I’ve never seen the likes of it before.”
it.” He sniffed. Raised voices indicated trouble and he looked over to see Judith on her feet, the same light in her eye that he had seen at Baskerville as she took down Sherlock.
Warnings for mild canon-typical violence, language, and British slang. Not beta'd or Britpicked, so anything wrong with that is entirely my fault.
with the likes of Stephen and Sherlock. They were careful with her, always, knowing she belonged to Greg.
John and Sherlock come back from the dead, having never actually BEEN dead in the first place, and it's back to business as usual for Baker Street.
“That didn’t answer my question.” Greg had no idea she was related to Mycroft’s boss, and someone who probably had bit more than a little to do with seeing to it that Claudia Hendricks and Beverley Hughes were no longer a threat to either of their families.
“Yeah, figured I might as well own up to the name I was born with and give my bitch of a mother the middle finger at the same time.” John shrugged, “It’s good to see you, Seb. It’s been too long.”
The first time, it made perfect sense, he had been compromised and unfit for further active service. But he had little more to show for a decade and some of service in the Army than a couple of campaign medals, a few orders and honours likewise, and a scar on his left shoulder just a few centimetres shy of his heart. He had a fine pension, but it wasn’t good for much. His finances were bolstered by an additional income he received from the government as compensation for continuing service to Crown and Country through his work with Intelligence, thanks to the timely intervention of a mutual acquaintance who had made him an offer he couldn’t refuse when he was staring at a bleak future in a city that didn’t feel like home to him.
“Oh. I’m...sorry.” He’d forgotten that Watson was a Cù-Sìth, and his sense of smell would be far superior to any mortal’s.
“Ninety-eight per cent.” She narrowed her eyes, “Let’s see what he does.” To his credit, and fairly certain he knew which Met car was hers, the man known to the public as Richard Brook spent a while studying the Rover before he went inside.
you?! And know if you hurt Judith Watson, your head is mine!” Greg snarled, held at bay only by his discipline, years of training in hostage situations, and John’s hand on his shoulder. John, who could make a perfect kill-shot at a hundred yards without a thought for it, who held his service-weapon in one hand while restraining Greg with the other.
“I think I can handle London. Like I said, call or text if you need anything. I’ll have my phone on me.”
“Might have. We’ll see in a minute.” John slipped at the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock caught him. Somehow they both ended up on the wet sand, laughing like a pair of idiots with the breath knocked out of them.
“Claddagh.” He lifted one from the tray, “Oh, this is exactly what I wanted! Everything said in a ring!” He had written Judith’s ring-size on the back of the card that had gotten him to Magnus’s shop, and he flipped the card over to compare the size written down to the selection available. He knew his ring-size by heart, wouldn’t ever forget it, but hadn’t worn his band since Judith and Sally had pinned his vengeful, stupid ex-wife to his desk and taken her down without much of a fuss.
“Hmm, yes, that did occur to me.” That smile slipped a bit into something more genuine, “And in your division particularly. Do you take issue with inspectors, Captain Watson?” Ah, he preferred to address her as “Captain”, not “Doctor”. A bit of respect she didn’t get very often, she appreciated the courtesy.
He’d only been inside for a few minutes, but Greg sounded tired. Judith suspected it was because of Anderson, who stonewalled them when they reached the house. Sherlock had a few snappy deductions to make and spit them out with typical glee, Judith and the other two got to enjoy watching Anderson splutter and squirm while Sherlock picked him apart.
“I want you to have something.” He sat down next to John, needing to be close. “I’m not sure when my brother had this recovered from Moriarty’s keeping or how long he’s had it, but…it’s back where it belongs, it’s back with me.” He lifted the coat from the case and stroked the fur lining the hood and the collar. the entirety of the hood was lined with the fur, not just the edge, and the collar as well.
