John shifted up to a higher sitting position and winced from the movement. Sherlock glanced at his leg, finding the gauze stained with dry blood.
John’s eyes filled and he smiled. He wiped his face, cleared his throat, but found he couldn’t stop smiling. He inhaled deeply and found himself being pulled back into Sherlock’s embrace, strong arms wrapping around his back and holding him close.
After a while, Sherlock reached John, and smiled at him. John wiped his face, his eyes filling up with tears. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and kissed his cheek, and then whispered in his ear.
The denial was gone in a flash. It was there only for a moment, clear as day. The denial could still be still there, but buried deep within, only as if to hold on to the seed of hope that Sherlock was alive, otherwise without it, the impact may just kill him right then and there.
“Quite right.” Sherlock murmured and grinned. John kissed him softly on the lips and then left the bedroom.
Sherlock’s smile widened. John’s hand squeezed the detective and tugged at it as much as he could. His eyes traveled to Sherlock’s lips for brief moment before meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock was reflected, his grey eyes staring back at John. The doctor whipped around but found himself face to face with nothing. No one was there. With a slow intake of air, John turned back around and finished his routine. He left for work in a hurry.
Sherlock’s face softened and he lowered his gaze. “Oh.” His voice had dramatically lowered, and he was starting to bit his lip and clench his fists. John reached for his hands and pulled him back towards him. Sherlock did so reluctantly, and then relaxed against his chest.
John inhaled deeply, taken aback. “I remember arguing. I’m not sure what it was about though. It fades from there.”
John shook his head. “Sherlock…get me out of here. I can heal at home.” John inhaled slowly, and then exhaled. “I’ll sign anything…just…please—.”
“There were still flinches!” Sherlock spat, almost sounding like a child, although John knew it was more to do with the reason for the flinches.
“… They were speaking German…I recognized a few words like bomb, detective, hour…and I immediately thought of Sherlock. They hit me a few times, mostly in the abdomen, and I hit my head, nearly blacked out—.”
I'm sorry this is late and very short. Real life got in the way. Please leave comments. They do help.
Obviously avoiding John’s eyes now, Sherlock shifted in his seat and unlike him, he clumsily stood up and left the bedside, speaking as he walked away. “I’d better get the doctor. He said he wanted to talk to you once you were awake.”
John stared at him for a moment, as if evaluating his options. He straightened his posture and gave the detective a nod, and prepared his things by the bedside. Despite Sherlock’s statement, John conveniently stayed on one side, leaving room for Sherlock just in case. However, Sherlock could tell the man went to bed a little tense.
Forcing himself to be quick, he straightened up, wiped his face, and gave Sherlock a nod, before heading to the door, without saying another word.
“Jesus—Sherlock,” John rasped. “You can confront Moran later, once he’s arrested. We need to let Mycroft know we’re here.
John stared taken aback. He didn’t know the detective was listening, or even out of a daze. “Sorry.” He mumbled.
John took a sip of tea and looked at him. He softened his face and tilted his head up, and then offered a small smile.
It had been three weeks since the accident, and two weeks since John had left the hospital, and things were moving at a slow pace. John stiffly got out of bed and started to stand. After a second of forgetfulness, he reached for one of the crutches and limped to the bathroom. Sherlock was already there, as if by silent agreement, although John was just too tired to protest. He let Sherlock help him into the shower, and he stayed in the bathroom as John washed himself. He never joined him, and John never asked.
“It’d be nice if this was more decorated for Christmas…I don’t know if it’s allowed but I’ve always loved Christmas decorations…”
Sherlock lowered his gaze and clamped him mouth shut for a moment. “I didn’t mean that, John. I just—“ He inhaled sharply, and when he continued, his voice was back to being hesitantly gentle.
“Are you all right?” he asked calmly. She nodded, her breathing significantly slowing down and becoming more stable. John looked to Sherlock and grinned.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He hissed, flinching again, this time as the paramedic finished tapping the gauze to his cheek. “Did it ever cross your brilliant mind that I would want to know that a man is still out there trying to kill me?”
Victor’s hands didn’t go away though. He firmly wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and gently pushed him away until he was out of reach. Sherlock squirmed away from him, and glared murderously at him. He started to protest and step back towards John at the same time, but then Victor took his place.
Sherlock continued to sob, but they were muffled as he hand covered his mouth. Fresh tears leaked their way down and fell into his lap. He didn’t respond, just kept crying.
Sherlock pulled the dinghy up against the large boat and quickly shut off the engine just as John grabbed hold of the railing. He quickly stood and pulled himself up as the sailboat pulled the dinghy along with it. John pulled himself and managed to place his feet on the small walkway that bordered the sailboat. Still in the dinghy, Sherlock drifted away and then disappeared around the other side. John quickly and quietly headed to the front, wary of the slippery ground.
John shook his head and swallowed tightly. He let go of Sherlock’s wrist and raised his hand to his forehead. His fingertips grazed a couple of fresh stitches, and by his memory, John realized the wound was just above his left eyebrow, a few inches away from the surgical scar.
John lifted his head slightly enough and met Sherlock’s lips. They kissed slowly and hummed against each other’s mouths. John parted his mouth slightly, and lazily accepted Sherlock to deepen the kiss. He managed for a few more glorious seconds before pulling away with a tired sigh.
John remained unconscious. Sherlock desperately pressed his fingertips against the man’s neck, and found a pulse—slow but there nonetheless. Wrapping an arm around John’s waist, Sherlock picked him up and took his arm around his neck.
John looked at Sherlock and then nodded. He reached for Sherlock hand and squeezed it before sitting back down.
“Sherlock Holmes-Watson, if you don’t get up in a minute, I’ll drag you to the hospital for proper screening and testing.”
“I love you,” John murmured. Sherlock tightened his embrace and buried his nose in John’s hair, breathing in.
A grin tugged at the corner of his mouth, but fell almost immediately back to a sad line. John blinked and then some kind of emotion filled his eyes Sherlock could not put a name to at first glance. He narrowed his eyes and concentrated, only for John to look away.
Mycroft ushered her forward and viewed the footage. After a moment, he raised his eyebrows and turned to Sherlock. “It appears Moran is leading a trail purposely for you to follow him.”
Mary was in the room, but was in an embrace with Stan, a close enough embrace that immediately named itself in front of Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock stared at him, a grin slowly wiping away from his face and his brows creased. “Jawn…” His eyes rolled back into his head as he fell onto John. The doctor stumbled backwards and slipped, falling onto his back. With a thud, the detective laid there, unconscious, draped over his friend.
Early the next morning, Sherlock woke up to the rain splattering hard against the window. He shifted and turned to face John, and noticed he was still sound asleep.
Sherlock scoffed to himself. The only reason he had started seeing Victor again was to forget about his feelings for John. That was probably a bit not good, but deep down, Sherlock had hoped John would admit his opinion of Victor, just so Sherlock could at least know. He wasn’t sure about how John felt about his self though, but John
Dr. Smith looked at him closely. “There is a difference between grieving and missing someone. You sound sure of yourself.”
Outside, the sun was completely set, and a dark blanket covered the sky with various clouds. It was colder, and John shivered beside Sherlock as they reached a car. Sherlock took John’s hand in his, an act that took practice and self-assurance that the other man wanted it, yet it felt almost immediately natural for Sherlock by now. John squeezed his hand in reassurance, and briefly let go as he entered the car, taking his hand back as they got seated.
John’s eyes trailed from the detective’s back to his arse, tightly rounded in the tight trousers. John faintly recognized the song;
“Like I said, he’s barely involved. Whenever the government has been on their tracks, it appears they would place Kingston in their sight, have time to cover up their tracks and manage to reel him in before he gets caught. Talk to him, take the deal.”
The two were what looked like a deep conversation, although Sherlock’s eyes flickered from Florence’s face to John’s, as if unsure with what was going on, but he did look like himself—he looked uncomfortable talking with a stranger, and as if he was on the verge of a boredom pout.
“John!” Sherlock and Mycroft hurried forward. John shoved the folder into Mycroft’s hands, who took it surprisingly gracefully, and then John turned on his heel, apart to sprint away.
John sat down at the table with his own cup and looked up at him. “Tea, though it’s not the new one you like.
“How’s the pain?” He glanced around and looked at John; John looked at his fist before meeting Sherlock’s gaze.
“Sherlock?” His voiced trembled despite him trying to keep it still. Sherlock lowered his head to indicate he had heard him, but didn’t speak.
Sherlock nodded but couldn’t help seeing disappointment now obvious in John’s facial expression. “John…” He began.
“That’s absurd Mycroft! I—.” Sherlock’s throat quivered just slightly and he held himself back to gain some self-control; he didn’t want to sound weak or
Mycroft sat in John’s chair, and didn’t bother commenting on mundane observations or even making idle chitchat, as he went straight to the point. “There’s going to be a terrorist attack against Parliament,” Mycroft said, straight to the point. “We had an agent give his life for this information, but we don’t know exactly who is involved. MI6 is already working—.”
“Nothing. We should have gone to Lucy’s flat first, see what she has there, and then make a comparison. And we may have to wait for the illustration to be finished, which may take hours, since artists are such perfectionist even though lives are at stake—.”
Relief flooded the detective’s mind as he reached for the form and pen. John signed it as neat as he could managed and then sighed comfortably back in the bed.
John sluggishly opened his eyes only to see Sherlock staring down at him and water dripping profusely over his face. He blinked a few times and then caught a few words coming from Sherlock.
Lestrade nodded. “He started asking for a case, and when I asked about you, he didn’t know who I was talking about…” Lestrade trailed off as John’s face slowly paled. “I’m afraid…I can’t help but ask, he’s not—.”
John’s hand twitched just slightly underneath Sherlock’s palm. This tiny movement of life eliminated the overwhelming tide of sentiments (for now); it was now the moment of truth.
Dr. Bailey sighed, and then stiffly stood up. “I’ll visit tomorrow, to continue this. Take it easy.”
John reached for him and tugged on his shirt. Sherlock turned to him, concern flickering in his eyes.
.” He spat out, his voice terrifyingly firm and cold, unlike its usual tone. He looked away, only to miss a sudden wave crash in Sherlock’s eyes, a wave of hurt and regret up roaring into a rainstorm. The detective blinked slowly and it was gone, back to the calmness of an eye of the said storm.
Lestrade furrowed his eyebrows. “Snow White…lives in the forest, meets seven dwarves, and is hiding from an evil queen…”
John shook his head. There was a lump in his throat, and a threat of a sob. He covered his mouth with his hand and squeezed his eyes shut. He started to tremble, yet managed to keep the potential sobs at bay.
“We’re, uh, getting a divorce. She only came here to confront me, after all this time. She had found my blog, which has our address. But anyway, we both agreed that it’s best to just finalize everything; she suggested a second chance but…” John shrugged. “It just seems like a lost cause anyway,” he stated, looking down.
“Relax, John,” Sherlock said again. John faced him and parted his mouth. His tongue felt heavy and he sounded out the word before he spoke in a hoarse slur.
Sherlock look up at him from where he was kneeling. John licked his lips and met his partner’s eyes slowly.
“You all right?” Sherlock asked softly, his brows furrowed with concern. John nodded, and smiled softly.
John winced awake, and noticed he was in a different room. His bed was on the right side of the room, the door on his left. The room was larger, with a small window on his right, and a closet. The bathroom was in front of him, and there was only one reclining chair in the corner.
“Sherlock breathe, just breathe…” John’s voice was soothing, and Sherlock’s muscles slowly went lax. He stared up into John’s eyes, finding a sudden calm in amidst a ravenous storm.
was a doctor! He knew the body could associate a certain touch to certain events, which would explain why John would flinch every time Sherlock’s hand trailed to his stump. He knew that; he had told himself before already, so why hadn’t anything changed?
The man raised his hands up, and looked intently at John who was running towards him, silently urging him to stop. But John was still far away, and was crossing the street, when a screeching car emerged from the corner and speed in the direction to where John was. Sherlock halted in his tracks, his eyes widening as John suddenly realized himself what was happening.
That one-night stand was long ago, practically forgotten about. It didn’t matter anymore, yet the detective felt an unexplainable desire to slip into bed and curl against John.
“It’s fine. I’ll take that as answer,” Willoughby kindly said. “Finally, the words I told you to remember?”
“Can you not do this tonight?” John interrupted, his tone sounding snappy with irritation. “We argued; we have been since…you know.” John sighed, but didn’t continue.
Sherlock turned around to face the unfamiliar voice, and looked at the nurse. He turned back to John, who was nodding.
“I’m sorry John” The words clenched John’s chest, horrendously so that he missed the identicalness in the Sherlock figures apart from their expressions and tones. John began to whimper and his gaze grew blurry.
He cupped John’s jaw, and tilted it upwards. John met his gaze, giving up with resisting. Gentle blue eyes met his, enhanced with tiny splotches of light brown and green. John embraced the caress, and leaned into Sherlock’s palm.
“I’m…sorry it has to be like this,” John said. “I want him to be happy. And you seemed to have done that.”
John nodded, but barely grasped what Willoughby was saying. The doctor left the two for privacy, and in silence, John helped Sherlock get dress. He tied his scarf around his neck, and held his tongue, avoiding Sherlock’s deducing gaze.
Sherlock prepared the kettle for tea, and kept an ear out for John. He was just about to bring a cup to their bedroom when he heard stiff footsteps coming from the hallway. John made his way into the sitting room and sat slowly into his chair. His jaw was clenched and he was sweating; yet he managed to keep himself upright and his eyes wide open.
John’s body shuddered violently and his throat convulsed painfully. He was starting to choke on his own saliva but the doctors weren’t doing anything.
Sherlock nodded. “I’m thinking.” He grazed his finger along his ring, and then paused in his actions and looked down at it, furrowing his brows in confusion. John kept still, trying to think of answer to Sherlock’s inevitable question, but it never came.
“It’s just…this morning, it scared me up a bit,” John confessed. Sherlock softened his face and stepped closer.
The man turned on his heel and sprinted off, and then Sherlock darted after him. John cursed and quickly followed them. The man was apparently fast, and had a great deal of distance ahead of Sherlock. John quickened his pace as he saw Sherlock disappear out a back exit. He hurried towards it and stepped outside.
“Er, Dr. Dmitri gave that to me during his first visit. We weren’t together so I was going to toss it…”
Sherlock didn’t move for several seconds, and John started to dread he wouldn’t come at all. But then Sherlock shifted, and slowly moved to the side of the bed. He removed his coat and settled against John, tensely. John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and pulled him closer.
John picked at his lunch, ignoring Sherlock’s concern stare. Sherlock was in his chair, lacking his coat even, indicating he wasn’t going to leave anytime soon.
John yelled out and slammed his fist against the wall, in the same area he had hit before. It shook beneath his fist, but didn’t budge…yet. He clenched his fist and stalked to the window. It was raining hard, shattering against the window from the harsh wind. Raindrops slid down the glass, racing one another; John stared at them for a moment, finding peace and pause. A flash of lightening startled him out of focus. He looked further outside; surrounding the building were green lawns stretching out far and bordering a gravel road that twisted on into the shadows of the trees. There were no other buildings in sight. There were no other people outside either, just emptiness.
John looked up and locked his gaze with the other man. He looked worried, but his eyes were dry, so he hadn’t been crying—he hadn’t been crying at all.
There was no answer, and so he quickly hurried up the steps. He headed into his room, and retrieved his gun, and then headed back to the hallway.
John shrugged. Mandy placed his arm on the table, and gave him the pencil. He wrapped his fist around it, but his hand started to cramp quickly.
John’s eyes widened as he realized Sherlock remained motionless and speechless, and hadn’t even flinch is some way of response. It was definitely embarrassment now rising on the doctor’s cheeks and neck.
“This will always be overwhelming to me, John. But I won’t have it any other way. I won’t let you go, no matter what. I know that’s selfish,”
John cringed and reached for one, and then handed it over. Sherlock took it and wiped his face, but he continued to look away.
“My name is Sherlock Watson-Holmes,” he said slowly. “I live at 221B Baker Street. You are my husband.” He paused, and John slowly let out his breath and nodded.
“Here,” John said and sat up. He removed his pajamas and pushed the blankets away. Sherlock slowly sat at up and looked at him with a quizzical look. John took Sherlock’s hand and placed it on his right knee. Sherlock tensed beside him and didn’t move his hand. John’s heart was pounding with arising panic in his chest but he tried to ignore it and focused on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock ran up a flight of stairs, closing in on him. The man led them up to the roof, but as Sherlock exited the door, he was tackled to the ground by another figure. John ran passed them and chased Kingston to the edge. Before he could reach him, Kingston climbed over the ledge and leaped, landing smoothly onto the other building. John looked over the ledge, but quickly realized he was out of sight.
Shillcott did so, and Sherlock observed the figure’s gait. It wasn’t like John’s at all. The doppelganger wasn’t even trying to fool anyone, just taking the face for granted.
John didn’t let go of his hand, and rubbed it gently with his thumb. “Do you remember anything? Just nod your head if you do.”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment before looking out the window. He didn’t say anything, and as John waited, he fell into a light doze before he could help it. When he woke up, he realized Sherlock never did respond.
Sherlock nodded, but then quickly looked away, his throat suddenly constricting. His eyes began to sting and he inhaled deeply, but then sighed shakily.
John bit his lip and shook his head. “I…am…resting. There must be a case you did…while I was…asleep. Don’t tell me…you were h-here for three months.” John smirked slightly at the absurd thought, but Sherlock suddenly looked guilty, and wasn’t looking at him.
John winced and looked at Victor in alarm. Victor was towering over him, and placing an oxygen mask over John’s mouth.
Sherlock took the useless vest off and began re-buttoning his shirt. “We need to get off this ship. And if we kill Moran in order to do so, then we will. But…right now, you need medical attention—.”
“Right then. What do you want to do today?” John asked, like he nearly always did. If they weren’t doing exercises, they would usually spend the day lounging around. They hadn’t returned to the beach, as the days were growing colder as each one past, slowly becoming autumn.
John left his jeans for last. Mrs. Hudson hadn’t had time to alter all of his pants—so far, she had gotten to his pajamas, so his jeans were just tied in a knot at the knee of the right pant leg. John didn’t have to bother unraveling it though, so he slowly took them off, keeping his eyes focused intently on the zipper, and then on the jeans as he put them away.
Sherlock smiled. “Besides,” he started his voice becoming more like his usual, deep baritone self. “We haven’t had sex in a month, and need to—.”
“I lost it. A while ago. I presume back at the hospital.” Mary said vaguely. Despite her past, this time Sherlock could tell she was telling the truth, or at least, the part that she didn’t really know what happened to it. Dead end.
“I’m done playing this game,” Sherlock said fiercely, bringing Moran’s attention back to him, and then pulled the trigger. Moran fell to the ground, blood already oozing out of his forehead.
With one last glare, John shifted to the edge of the bed and began to leave. Sherlock reached for him and grazed his hand on John’s shoulder. John flinched and hurried away, reaching for the crutches and heading towards the door.
John came to on the sofa, sitting up but with his head hanging sideways on his shoulder. He blinked heavily and tried to focus, but his surroundings were blurry. There were a few patients out and about, and medical staff close by. One came up to him and was holding a cup of pills.
Sherlock moaned with pleasure and attempted to lift his hips to meet John’s hand. His hips only shifted slightly, but he didn’t let that stop him. He moaned John’s name, desperate to express just how felt he was making him feel.
“John…” he choked. John leaned forward and captured his lips in a sloppy kiss. He tilted his head and readjusted the angle, and deepened the kiss. Sherlock kissed him back desperately, trailing his hands down his face and cradling his jaw. John clung to his shirt, bringing him as close as possible.
“I didn’t startle you, did I?” John asked hoarsely. He thought he might have been screaming, but he didn’t really want to know.
“You and I had a fight about him, that night,” Sherlock explained. “You headed back to the flat and I stayed with him, when you were attacked. The burglars were in our flat.”
John wanted to let out some sort of wail or sob, but chest only felt heavy pressure and no release. But then the voice came back, and it sounded like a loud whisper, right in front of him.
Mycroft nodded. “There are the supplies you needed…in the trunk. And I had the decency to retrieve John’s gun, in case you need it.”
John shook his head, and remained quiet. Sherlock left the room, keeping the door ajar, and then headed to the kitchen.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and took a step back. He glanced at John, who was already starting to shift, no doubt waking up.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered. John grinned softly and breathed in Sherlock’s scent, relaxing him.
John’s eyes widened and he shook his head. He nodded to his left hand, hoping to express what he thought.
John looked away and nodded. “He did. A few minutes ago. The MRI didn’t show anything different, just a better picture of what’s going on inside. He’s positive to get the whole thing out this time.”
Here it is, the moment you've all been waiting for (or at least I hope so). There's quite a bit of angst and bad language.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” Sherlock said. He turned, paused, and then squeezed John’s shoulder gently before leaving the room. John stumbled backwards until he hit the bed and he sat down with a heavy sigh.
John’s hand wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist, but the detective knew that he wouldn’t find a pulse. He could practically picture John’s face falling with disbelief and anguish.
Liev shrugged. “I think his first name is Jacob. I’ve heard people refer to him by nicknames, like Gold, or M.M.”
“There aren’t any undergrounds down—wait there is!” He rummaged through some maps on his desk and pulled out one. “Sumatra Road. There was one being built, but it got tied up in legal disputes so it was unfinished.”
John shivered, and then slowly trailed his hands down and held Sherlock by the shoulders. It took John only a moment to fully realize Sherlock was crying.
“Placing my shoe on,” John explained as he leaned forward and kissed Sherlock. “It’s not mockery, just be flattered.”
Sherlock glanced at him. John smiled at him, tiredly yet, warmly. Sherlock’s eyes flickered with uncertainty, and shook his head. John felt himself bristle, but he wasn’t sure why. He furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
Sherlock groaned underneath him and arched upwards. John smirked; he lifted himself up a little higher by his palms and moved forwards, pausing with his chin by Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock shifted beneath him and rearranged his body until his cock was resting against John’s. John sighed contently and lowered himself onto Sherlock, increasing the pressure between their groins.
John’s heart beat rapidly in his chest, overcome with nerves. He looked at Sherlock, and Sherlock met his eyes. They stared at each other for several seconds. John couldn’t shift his gaze away. A memory popped in his mind, reminding him the feel of Sherlock’s breath against his lips. His breathing hitched, and then Sherlock’s brows furrowed slightly.
“And you haven’t urged for the tests as fast as possible?” John countered as he turned around to face him. “You’re willing to wait till morning?”
Sherlock reached for the man’s collar and pulled it down his left shoulder, and found the skin revealing an identical scar to the one John had. Stunned, Sherlock shuffled a step back and looked at the man. He was the closest of them all, but something wasn’t right.
The man stood up and the detective regarded him with distance in his eyes, but he couldn’t help himself and grinned.
John stared him down, his face darkening. “You can have an ordinary life, Sherlock, if you want. It can be extraordinary if you make an attempt, but don’t think I’m just going to leave because life has become too hard.” He stepped forward until he was close enough, and then he knelt down and took Sherlock’s hands into his, holding them tight enough so Sherlock wouldn’t pull away. Sherlock avoided his gaze, and bit his lip.
He set Sherlock down on the edge of the bed, and then retrieved his upstairs wheelchair and set it beside him to be in close reach. He pulled out Sherlock’s pajamas from a drawer and set in on the bed.
“It won’t go away. It won’t, no matter what you tell yourself,” Sherlock whispered, his voice shaking slightly. “The guilt…” He looked up at John. John’s heart clenched at the sight of Sherlock’s eyes, the grey abyss glistening with potential tears. Sherlock blinked once, and then they were gone. “The resentment.”
“Yes, we get that. But how does that have to do with this not being an overdose?” Anderson asked from behind Lestrade. Sherlock glared at him for interrupted, and continued.
John inhaled sharply to catch his breath, and swayed on his feet slightly. Sherlock stared at him, gaping for only a second, before relaxing. He climbed back into be and pulled the covers over his chest, keeping his gaze lowered. John followed suit, not caring about the sheets as he climbed onto it and lay against Sherlock’s side. He turned on his side and rested his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock leaned against him and rested his head against John’s.
“It’s just a through-and-through, so I may not need surgery,” John reported. Sherlock only hummed and took his phone and sent a text, immediately getting a response from Mycroft. He then grabbed the gun from the counter and handed it to John, but John shook his head.
Sherlock turned around in a flourish and examined the bodies. John watched closely, paying half attention to his mutters as he looked over the bodies. The cause of death seemed rather obvious to him; it was just an overdose. Sherlock had agreed with him just a moment ago.
“Come now, we just started to play.” He was calm, but Sherlock could tell he was hiding his loss of control deep down. Moran looked at Jack. “Do something.”
Sherlock removed his hand from John and laid it over his lap. He clenched his fists and closed is eyes, banishing the emotion forming behind his lids. John’s breathing had hitched at the lost of contact, but he stayed where he was beside Sherlock’s bed.
“Lestrade, we need to see the body now, before any more of your idiots mess it up,” Sherlock stated.
Nearly twenty minutes later, he heard a loud thud coming from the bathroom. He knew it was going to happen, and instantly wished he had confronted John about it beforehand. He raised his head and shouted John’s name, but not expecting an answer, and didn’t receive one.
John squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. He hadn’t even thought about that; he wasn’t even sure what was considered a bad thought.
John entered his vision, and Sherlock bit his tongue to keep him from whimpering. John cupped his jaw and tilted his face upwards as he rubbed away the dirt and grass.
Sitting on the toilet, only in his pants, John’s eyes flickered for a second to his stump, and instantly felt sick. He looked away and swallowed tightly. He hadn’t looked that often—he avoided to as much as he could. But now that he was alone, looking at it was different. He was able to pretend everything was okay when Sherlock was in the room, and kept his face resigned and accepting. But in private, the lack of his leg made him uncomfortable. John scrunched his face and squeezed his eyes, becoming overwhelmed with emotion. He inhaled shakily and tried to take a deep breath, but his chest was only tightening.
John hummed slightly, but it didn’t get Sherlock’s attention, who at some point, had moved closer to Victor and was leading him out of the room. Before John could try again, Victor kissed Sherlock on the cheek, and then left. A blush rose on Sherlock’s face, and he walked back to his seat, not meeting John’s eyes.
Abruptly, John found himself falling out of Sherlock’s lap and landing hard on the floor. Sherlock ran off into the kitchen, and then John heard him vomit into the sink. John cringed at himself and stiffly lifted himself into Sherlock’s chair. He took in deep breaths in order to calm himself down, and sort of managed to by the time Sherlock came back to the living room, stumbling slightly and looking peaky.
John furrowed his brows for a moment. He just realized no one else had visited; not Mrs. Hudson or Greg, still not even his sister. John looked at the psychiatrist and shrugged, again.
“You should leave yours too,” Sherlock added. “And your gloves. Lestrade will probably be here shortly, since our hour is almost up. He should see it and know where we’ve gone.”
“Not this way, apparently not. I’m still not sure what the purpose of the drug is for, but I’ll figure it out John. And I’ll find the men who started this.” Sherlock was looking at him intently, and John gave him a small smile.
“I want you to,” Sherlock blurted out. “At least…I think I do. My arm says it cheers you up. This—whatever is going on in my head, it’s frustrating. I need data…something familiar.”
John met Sherlock’s eyes and flinched. The detective’s eyes were pained, the usual blue-green spheres now hard and grey. “Sherlock…”
John took a breath halfway down the stairs and slowly headed back up. He reached the sitting room, door still opened, to find Sherlock crying in a fetal position. Removing his jacket calmly, the doctor walked forward and knelt to the ground. Without a word, he pulled Sherlock into his lap and held him whilst tears fell down his prominent cheekbones. Sherlock hugged him possessively as John whispered comforting sounds as he slowly rubbed the detective’s back.
His cardigan and shirt had been taken off and a heart monitor was attached to his chest; an oxygen mask had been placed over his mouth while he slept. Sherlock remained still and at a distance from his partner, his hands resting on the bed but without contact with John’s. The detective felt out of place; he was unsure of what to do and what to think.
“Dashwood is off the radar still, and Lestrade will drop off his picture today. Just rest, doctor’s orders.”
“Yeah,” John confirmed as he settled in his armchair. “You wouldn’t believe what I walked into at her flat. Or maybe you can guess,” John said teasingly, yet his face refrained from grinning.
Mycroft merely rolled his eyes. “What are you planning on doing now Sherlock? Will you finish Moran with John by your side? He just had brain surgery, he can’t be running around—“?
John gasped as his surroundings formed around him, this time to a muted darkness that peeked with grayness. Only one Sherlock stood in front of him.
Sherlock swatted at him, although John mistook it as playful. He swatted back with a grin, only to falter in his attempt when Sherlock looked at him seriously.
John paused behind the detective. Sherlock could sense unease in his stance, yet despite this, John raised his free hand and rested it on Sherlock’s shoulder: a silent thank-you-and-lets-not-talk-about-it gesture. It was over as quickly as it started. Clearing his throat, John dropped his arm and continued his way to his armchair.
“Care—what—?” Sherlock took one step into the room, still blocking the door however. John let go of his wrist and walked closer to the bed, but still faced Sherlock. Sherlock looked conflicted; he obviously really wanted to go back to the case and was clearly willingly to appear uninterested in John, but his true affections of the doctor were conflicting with his occupied mind. John could tell. It was bothering him so much; it even started to bother himself. He sighed and shrugged.
Lucy gasped. “Dashwood’s a character. But there aren’t any main male characters with that name, and this Dashwood’s first name is Kevin.”
John hummed and swiftly fell into a light doze. Sherlock remained awake for a few minutes, before checking his phone (no messages from Mycroft, 9:06 PM), and then closed his eyes. He fell asleep as well, and woke with a start when voices echoed from the hallway.
Robbins’ face softened with concern. “Whenever you enter, you’ll need to put on a fresh set of gloves, mask, and plastic gown. You can hold his hand, but refrain from touching or getting near his face or chest wound. You can stay for thirty minutes, but then you’ll have to wait another couple of hours before you can go back in.”
“Last think I remember was being at Dr. Willoughby’s for testing. And now I’m here in bed, with you. Did I black out from the concussion or something?”
Sherlock huffed and shifted, as if he wanted to remove his hand, but he didn’t. He still didn’t look at John, and focused intently on the off-white tile floors beneath him.
A couple of days later, Sherlock quickly entered the elevator and slammed on the button corresponding to the lab floor. Just as the doors closed, they reopened and none other than John walked in. The color on his cheeks rose and he stood a considerable amount of space away from Sherlock, keeping his face looking straight ahead. Sherlock did the same, keeping his back tense underneath his coat. He could feel John trail his eyes over his neck and down his body.
Mary typed a few notes and then closed her computer and took the recorder. “I need to file this and back it up on the computer, and hopefully Mycroft would have progress with the warrant. You can go to the infirmary, get your injuries check.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, so John took it as a yes. He refilled Sherlock’s mug, and brought it back, setting it down by Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock reached for it, but it was too close, and it spilled over, the hot contents drenching the pile of papers.
Sherlock cleared his throat and wiped his face, only to find his cheeks were wet. He wiped his eyes and then turned around, but John’s face told him he knew what he was trying to hide.
“Tell him Mycroft. I haven’t gotten the chance to explain it all,” Sherlock said with a strained whisper.
As morning light streamed in, John showered and dressed, and prepared the kettle for tea. Sherlock walked in fully dressed, looked at John once, and then hovered by the door.
A weak laugh escaped John, but didn’t last long. He crossed his arms and leaned against the desk, looking at Sherlock. “I can’t lose myself Sherlock. And I most definitely cannot lose you. I don’t want your pity…just your company. Just be here. For me, Sherlock, please, I—I can’t lose you. He paused, his voice wavering just a fraction. “It bothers you, it bothers me too.” He mumbled, and then continued, raising his voice to a normal level. “I meant what I said earlier, when I thought you were dying. I…I meant it. Just in case you…if you doubted it.”
He could feel Sherlock looking at him, so he inhaled deeply and met his gaze, offering a small grin.
Sherlock refused to look at him. He didn’t want it to be distracting, but it was. But not for the reason John was about to state.
“They shouldn’t have discharged you.” Sherlock said as John stepped forward and took the cigarette out of the detective’s hand and dropped it to the ground, putting it out with his shoe. In response to Sherlock, John merely shrugged and remained silent, however tilted his head up and looked up at the taller man.
John led him to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, and paused outside the door. On the wall was a gate, which definitely wasn’t there before.
Sherlock looked and blinked rapidly. He stared into John’s eyes for several seconds, mesmerized by the green ocean against a stormy blue sky.
Within a couple of minutes, he was at the entrance. The pile of wood was much larger, and already burning on the edges. His phone buzzed in his coat, and he pulled it out as he stared at the fire.
John looked at Sherlock and gave his gloved hand one last squeeze before letting go. He slipped his hand under the sheets and pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to Sherlock.
John let out a shaky sigh and blinked a couple of times faster, hating that his eyes were already prickling.
“He was probably the best directors CTU had seen in years. He was always on top of things, I was surprised about the accusations.”
“You should keep it wrapped up for a bit. I don’t think it’s broken, but no any hard movements. And don’t get it wet.”
“There are a lot of things people don’t want, John,” Sherlock said quietly. John altered his weight and reached for the one of the aids that rested against the bed. As he placed one on his right elbow, he realized Sherlock must have placed them there when he was trying to walk.
“No—I mean…yes,” Sherlock said. He looked at the ground for a moment and shuffled his feet, before meeting John’s gaze.
“John—.” Sherlock’s eyes flickered with confliction, but then he smirked and relaxed. He met John’s eyes and lowered his own, causing John to inhale sharply. Sherlock leaned forward, and just as his lips grazed John’s, John relaxed his hold just enough, and then Sherlock nearly jumped out of his grasp and straightened back onto his two feet.
John slowly pushed the table away and removed the blankets. Sherlock instantly stood up and retrieved the forearm crutches, and then placed them on John’s arms as he helped him stand up. He placed the gait belt on John’s waist, and then started to lead him out the door.
“Sherlock?” John murmured. All his energy was drained from his body, he could barely think of anything else except Sherlock’s wellbeing. He was exhausted physically and emotionally, but he managed to inch closer to Sherlock until he could reach him without straining himself. John lowered his forehead to Sherlock’s shoulder blade and held it there. Sherlock shivered beneath him.
He left, parting the door again, and turning off the hall lights. Sherlock dressed for bed and lay down and stared at the ceiling. He stayed awake for sometime, thinking, until he glanced at the clock and realized it was well past midnight.
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and reached for the railing, as if he was going to stand up and walk up the stairs.
The door opened against and Mary left the room to greet whoever entered. Sherlock turned farther away from them to avoid eavesdropping.
He licked his lips and parted his eyes slightly. It took him a bit to meet Sherlock’s gaze, and the tiredness nearly vanished as he started to wake fully.
John felt more aware of his surroundings and didn’t want to go back to sleep anytime soon. He wanted to know what’d happened, since the last thing he clearly remembered was Sherlock getting shot in the neck. He remembered killing Moran, getting attacked by Sven, and then that’s when things started to blend together. There was a lot of darkness, coldness, and many faces of Sherlock. That reminder sent a shiver down John’s spine; he knew he saw the hallucination more than once that night. Now that he thought about it, he didn’t know how long he had been asleep. Was the surgery even successful?
“Oh, John,” Sherlock grunted. He snapped his hips, and hit John’s prostate. John arched his back and cried out.
Sherlock leaped from the sofa and stood in front of John. “Canterbury is still missing a great amount of medication that aren’t being sold to any patient, so that must be how he’s drugging them continuously.”
John scoffed. “Of course I feel guilty, but that’s not why I’m staying. For years you said you were a sociopath but then you jump of a roof for people. For me! And I want to make your life as easier as possible—.”
Jack offered a light chuckle. “The wound is fresh. And his jaw was broken, which was why he was humming and moaning.”
The walls of this room were completely bare and a horrible white hue. At least in his old room, there was a window. John turned his head to the door. There was a door, but there wasn’t a window on it; it was just a plain door with what looked like at least two locks on it.
“Are you sure?” Alex asked. John nodded and shifted away from the bed. He straightened up and then nodded to the chair.
He looked behind him to see Sherlock back onto his back, his eyes closed and his head bleeding. He was clearly unconscious. John rounded to the man, furious, and lunged at him. One fist to his head, and he was knocked out.
“I almost would have preferred a cruel joke,” he said. “If it was some elaborate April Fool’s joke, I’d be happy to play the fool for you, Sherlock, I would.”
“Yeah,” John inhaled deeply, but then coughed roughly. It took him a couple of minutes to catch his breath, and then he lay back against the pillow, and shifted his hand towards Sherlock. Sherlock pretended not to notice, and kept his hands to himself as he stared as John.
Mycroft eyed his brother again. “Derek Shepherd was taken care of. As for the other, Sven Moran, Sebastian’s cousin, I have people looking for him. He couldn’t have gotten far.”
Sherlock shifted and turned towards him. His eyes were still closed and he was reaching out to John. John tried to focus on Sherlock’s sleeping movements, but then Sherlock trailed his hand down John’s abdomen to his hipbone, then to his right thigh. John squirmed underneath him as panic constricted his chest.
John trudged up the stairs with his supplies.  Sherlock had awoken in the middle of the night with cramps and then slept through the morning. Mrs. Hudson had kept an eye on him whilst he was out. Now, with bags in hand, John headed to the kitchen and set them down. He wasn’t completely sure what to get. He was tempted to ask Mycroft what kind of medication Sherlock would be allowed to take, but instead, trusted his better judgment. With a variety of painkillers low on the addictive side and a stable supply of narcan, John felt more confident for this at-home detox treatment.
He sent it before he could proofread it. It wasn’t until he arrived at a pub (a different one from the one he met John in), when John responded.
“I have someone working on it now,” Mary said as she left and headed back to the main room where everyone was looking at the screen. Sherlock followed her and read the email up on the screen.
“No, John, don’t,” he said firmly. “I researched you. I’m not the genius I said I am. It’s just a magic trick.”
The army doctor straightened up, a thought occurring. “If you don’t love me Sherlock, if you don’t love me
Harry pointedly looked at Sherlock on the other side of the bed and opened her mouth to speak. Before she could form a word, John followed her gaze to the consulting detective and let out a shaky gasp, his eyes widening with shock. He looked back to Harry then back to Sherlock, then back to Harry.
Sherlock nodded. “Lestrade?” he called out. He took a step away from John and turned towards the entryway. John missed the contact already, and followed him out. Lestrade was by the wall where there were photos pinned, and he was talking in a hushed voice to Mrs. Hudson, who was holding a package.
“Hey—,” John raised his hand and cupped Sherlock’s cheek. He gently moved his face so he could meet his gaze, and did so. John rubbed the blood off his cheek gently.
“That was almost a month ago, and I just have to take it easy for a couple more weeks. I had a check up today, and the doctor said I’m recovery quite remarkably. I’ll be fine. You on the other hand, are the patient now.”
Sherlock turned on his heal and walked away, only to glance behind his shoulder for a quick look. John’s face was still lit up by what he had been planning on saying, but as Sherlock walked farther down the hall, John’s face fell from disappointment to acceptance as quickly as the former first appeared.
As quick as it appeared, the smile fell and Sherlock’s face relaxed with more of a grin tugging at his lips.
The man grinned back and began looking for his discarded clothes. Sherlock found himself unable to keep it to himself and spoke.
“If I’m sure or not to be in a relationship with you John. Of whether or not I want to with you, which I would think was fairly obvious excluding the fact that I froze when you first kissed me but that is a normal reaction is it not? Other than that I would have believed it to be obvious. Have I taught you nothing?” Sherlock said, attempting to lighten the mood.
John nodded in comprehending, but his face was conflicted with something. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows.
Sherlock looked at him expectantly, part of habit, and John relaxed at that. He kneeled down stiffly and rearranged his legs until he was comfortable, and then looked closely. The skin was paler than it would be dry, and after examining the man’s mouth and chest, he leaned away and looked at Sherlock.
John cleared his throat awkwardly and shifted back away. He fidgeted in place and stammered away from the bed, eventually making it to the door. Once reached, he hesitantly glanced back at Sherlock and found the detective unmoved apart from his furrowed eyebrows, appearing to be in concentration over what just happened. Without another word, John left the room, with only a slight hurry in his pace.
Sherlock was closer to John, so John reached forward and grabbed Sherlock’s outstretched hand. Sherlock was startled, but John pulled him harder until Sherlock was pressed up against the railing, nearly leaning over towards John’s chest. John leaned up and gathered Sherlock in a hug, bring him close to his chest; Sherlock suppressed an “oomph” against John’s skin, and didn’t try to pull away. John’s shoulder wound protested, but he ignored it.
John liked to think he’d do the same if it was Sherlock, and he was sure Sherlock wouldn’t blame him. But
“You know Mary blames me.” John said, bringing Sherlock back to the present. “Says I’m a doctor, I should have seen the signs.”
That night, John leaned against the counter and started washing the dishes. Sherlock was in the sitting room talking with Lestrade who had called, and then he was back in the kitchen as quickly as he had left. John told himself not to point that out.
Willoughby doted down some notes and finished typing, and then looked up. “Finally, the words I told you to remember?”
John sighed and turned his head away from Sherlock, directing his gaze to the floor. He heard Sherlock sigh, and then stand up, starting to pace. Now that was more like it.
Next chapter may be posted next weekend, by March 9th. I'm technically on chapter 10, but I need to do a lot of editing for it to make sense. If I get a lot of comments I'll give chapter 8 to you before then.
Sherlock pondered this and then began to walk off, allowing John to follow him. “No, no he wasn’t. An awful cabby too, you should have seen the route he took us to get here.”
A heavy touch awakened John some odd hours later. The blinds were still closed, but edged with darkness, indicating it was well into the night. The black lump of the detective had moved closer to him, still in his chair but his feet were on the floor and his upper body was practically draped over the side of bed, overlapping John's arm. With a closer look, John could see a bandage over Sherlock’s neck, and another one peeking out of his collar, leading to his shoulder. The taller man’s face twitched as if dreaming but stayed asleep.
Sherlock looked at the ceiling, avoiding his gaze. “I may have told them to give you some space,” he said slowly.
“I want you on your front,” John whispered against Sherlock’s ribs. Sherlock shifted away from John’s touch, missing it immediately. The second he was on his stomach, he felt John’s hands sliding down his sides and then gripping his trousers, pulling them swiftly off, and then took his pants off without a pause
Sherlock inhaled deeply. “John.” He spoke stronger, as if not in any pain, and lifted his head to look at the stairs. He dropped his head and looked at his lover. “The sniper’s gone. Okay, go ahead and drag me into that room.”
John sighed. “Look, Sherlock, the space has helped. For me at least, but I do miss you. And I missed you the entire time—,”
John took another step away and leaned heavily against the crutches. He looked up at Sherlock and softened his face. “I’m going back to bed,” he murmured as he already started to leave.
His eyes remained closed, but he could tell Sven’s footsteps were shuffling away, heavy on the toes suggesting he was dragging John with him.
“Moderate to Severe head trauma, concussed at the very least; he may need surgery to relieve any pressure. Bullet graze to the right thigh. Possible fractured ribs; abdomen is slightly rigid; he may have internal bleeding. He’s hypothermic and has a temperature at about 29 degrees.”
John sighed with relief and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s. He inhaled, but then coughed roughly. He started to sit back, but then sudden pain shot through his abdomen and chest, and his hand automatically covered his wound.
John shifted in the bed, and Sherlock quickly sat up and looked at him. John stilled, and then his head moved slightly, and a raspy groan escaped his throat.
Sherlock had started to move towards him, when Silken had thrown against the wall. It had shattered, and the potential precious serum had dripped to the floor.
Sherlock looked up at John, who was grinning at him. Sherlock glared at him and lunged forward, wrapping his hands around the man’s throat.
“What do you dream about? I want to know every detail…” Sherlock paused, and then finally looked at John, his eyes glistening. “I want to know what you see at night, why you flinch every time I touch you and why
—began talking incoherently nearby. It was oddly comforting, and as John strained to hear it, he was overcome once again with exhaustion.
He went straight into the bedroom, locked the door, and sat down on the side, leaning the crutches beside his beside table and not bothering in picking them up when they slide sideways and fell to the floor. He sat upright and tense, and placed his hands in his lap as he processed that morning.
Sherlock didn’t look at him, but nodded curtly before leaving the room and closing the door behind him, leaving John alone and pissed off.
Lestrade nodded, but before he could respond, or even stand up, Sherlock stood up fiercely and rounded at Sally.
“And for that, I’m grateful, Victor.” Sherlock met his eyes, and nodded once. “But, it’s John. It’s always him.”
“Well than I’m a bigger idiot. I can’t live without you. That may sound incredibly tedious and ordinarily mundane, but it’s
John held his head as still as possible as Sherlock applied the cream. His touch was gentle, and as he started using the razor, his eyes were focused and he was careful. For a moment he wondered, why this was Sherlock’s first time, and since it seemed like it was, who had shaved him before?
“Sherlock!” John snapped, the phantom pain nearly forgotten about. He tried to squirm away, but Sherlock continued to get closer to him. His eyes were still closed, and John realized he wasn’t actually awake.
“Only a few,” Sherlock said with a smirk. He wrapped his scarf around his neck and then headed down the stairs, John close behind him.
“You have no way of holding it. And you wouldn’t be able to run fast enough from a gun, so it makes sense for you to have it.” Sherlock said as if it were obvious.
“I’ll leave you to it, then,” Sherlock said as he stood up and headed to the shower. His smug grin fell as he looked at John, who only glanced at him before looking away with annoyance. After the bathroom door closed, John stood up and greeted Alex, and then excused himself to change.
Movement in the hall caught John’s eye, and then Sherlock appeared, following Margaret to his room. Sherlock caught his eye through the door and barrier, but his face remained impassive, apart from the slightest clench of the jaw.
“Do we have any cases?” John asked, changing the subject casually as he made his way to the table, setting his breakfast down, his back facing the doorway.
It wasn’t like what had happened in the shower. John had hoped that would be the last time, but despite what he wanted, his subconscious couldn’t let it all go. Sherlock cut off his leg. He had to adapt, and he had taken it well. But the nightmares—John shivered—he dreaded going to sleep, but looked forward to it as an escape from reality. At his appointments, everyone treated him carefully, and Sherlock was too. He coddled and watched; he took cases behind his back just so, what? So John wouldn’t be jealous? Of course John was jealous. He wanted to run after criminals, laugh until he was out of breath, and walk the streets of London
“You did the surgery before for yourself, so you would have a chance of living and moving on from me. Now that I’m back, I need you to do this for me. I’m getting better now and I did that for you because I knew you’d be here for me so I can get through it and I did. So can you do this for me? Please…”
“So…” John licked his lips, which was something he had done frequently since they’d met. “Why were you hiding?”
Thank you everyone so far who has been commenting and following this fic. I love this work so dearly and it means a lot that people are enjoying it. Let the angst continue!
He risked a glance, and caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s face with a hint of a pout, and a slight eye roll, before looking away.
Sherlock stared at him coldly, and then without another word or even taking the paracetamol, he turned on his heel and left. John hurried after him, and met him by the curb, where Sherlock was looking at his phone.
“No, that’s not what I—,” John interrupted, catching Sherlock off guard. “I’m just…” He looked up, and Sherlock waited, expecting to look for another flatmate tomorrow. Again, the army doctor surprised him.
There's implied Sherlock/original character, but there isn't anything detailed and hopefully makes sense after you read it
“Of course. If you have any questions, you can call.” Willoughby nodded to them, and then they left, and headed to the main street to call a cab.
“Hi, John. Sorry, I don’t mean to show up like this, but I wanted to see how the case was going, and…”
2 AM- 3AM is skimmed, because there wasn't much that needed to be written out but the process of it all would take an hour in context.
“Alrigh—?” John knew it was more of a sigh, and definitely slurred, and not pronounced completely, but he could also tell the sigh managed to sound like a question. Sherlock nodded in understanding.
John nodded distantly.Sherlock continued, hushing his voice. “Did you see his face, John? Did he say anything to you?”
“To a payphone,” she responded. “We have surveillance footage of Stan using the phone, and the records show Watson’s cell number, and vice versa.”
Sherlock entered the bedroom slowly, cautious of startling John. The room was pitch dark; as his eyes adjusted, Sherlock could just make out John’s silhouette lying on the bed. Sherlock stepped in closer.
They kissed for several more seconds, before finally breaking away, and going back to their tea. Sherlock took his to the bedroom, dressed, and came back with the empty mug. They left them in the sink, and John pulled his coat back on, and then they left the flat, calling a taxi and heading to Scotland Yard.
“Because plans change and we are so close of catching him, there doesn’t seem a point anymore in setting you as bait.” Mycroft clarified.
John didn’t respond right away. He prepared his tea and then headed towards his armchair, which had remained in its spot since Sherlock had placed it back all those months ago.
“You won’t have to. I promise.” Sherlock grinned, and pressed a light kiss to the top of his lover’s head.
A monotonous beeping sound woke him up some time later, and the pain was less, but still throbbing. He slowly opened his eyes, and then winced, and closed them again.
John offered him a hand, but Sherlock ignored it and stood up. Smirking, John eyed the man’s hand, observing the stitches.
“Good. Maybe I can take a look later and see when you can get the stitches taken out,” John said kindly. Sherlock nodded in response.
The detective looked at him. He looked hesitant, as if unsure what this meant. It wouldn’t change anything—, shouldn’t, they weren’t together so why would it.
“Mycroft will send me to some…recovery place,” Sherlock said, stopping himself from mentioning a safe house. He hadn’t told John yet about Moriarty’s network, and was sure Mycroft hadn’t said anything to him yet.
Sherlock slowly left, and looked at John through the clear door until he disappeared into an elevator.
John inhaled raggedly and slowly slit his eyes open. He focused on Sherlock, and then blinked a few times before opening them wider.
Moran smirked, and then gave a nod. The man holding Sherlock began pulling to follow Moran, and out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John being taken in the opposite direction.
Lestrade left soon after the start of the third hour, insisting Sherlock call him when there was news, and made sure he had answered before he left. As he left, a black car pulled up to the entrance, and Lestrade blocked the curb, keeping the man between him and the car.
“What—.” He cleared his throat and then continued in a fragile whisper. “What do you mean?” John asked, looking up to his sister.
The ghost hesitated, but answered, looking directly at John. “Your worst fear coming true. Your mind’s not completely sure what is going on with reality. You still think I’m dead.”
“It’ll start soon Sherlock, the fall. But don’t you worry; it seems you have already fallen. It just matters whether you’re willing to climb back up…before you fall again. That part is inevitable. And then you won’t be able to climb back up.”
Sherlock nodded again, and then prepared to move. He removed the blankets, but then froze, spotting a thin plastic tube leading up his legs.
John’s heart fluttered slightly, but he was still having trouble keeping up with Sherlock’s normalcy.
Sherlock took it and stroked it gently. It was cold, and limp—completely unlike John. He let out a shaky breath and brought John’s hand to his lips, pressing them against it before placing it back on the bed. He could feel the presences of every one behind him, and closed his eyes, willing this to all be just a dream.
“Don’t leave,” John said shakily. “Just…I mean—” John huffed with frustration and leaned closer in the embrace, hoping to silently express what he wanted at the moment. Over the past several weeks, John hadn’t had direct human touch—it had all been clinical and careful, so much so that this closeness was heightening John’s need to be touched. It was reassuring, filling John with content.
“I love you, Sherlock,” he said, before placing a wet, passionate kiss on Sherlock’s kissed-swollen lips.
Another voice echoed in his mind, but it was cold and raspy, like it’s own throat was being constricted from air.
“Then I chose you,” Sherlock responded immediately. John’s eyes widened slightly and flickered with uncertainty. Sherlock leaned forward closer until he was breathing against John’s lips. He looked up into John’s blue eyes, and raised an eyebrow.
“No, Sherlock don’t fall asleep.” John hushed to the detective. “Let’s get you cleaned up, then eat something and then you can sleep, alright?”
Sherlock sighed and took another step back inside the sitting room. He turned to face John, but he kept his eyes on anything around him except for John’s face.
John slowly entered Sherlock’s body, giving the detective to adjust before he moved any deeper. Sherlock moaned underneath him and tightened his hold around the army doctor.
In the room outside the interrogation room, the man was staring directly at them, clearly knowing they were behind the one sided mirror.
He spotted Mycroft, who was speaking furiously with an unfamiliar man and woman, simultaneously wiping his forehead with a bloody handkerchief.
Sherlock froze and looked up at John, who was oblivious and looking at another packet of seeds. He shook himself out of surprise, and reminded himself the obvious.
Sherlock stared at him. “You’re on top of things,” he asserted. Mycroft didn’t respond, and simply raised an eyebrow, indicating his brother to get on with it.
John didn’t get a chance to confront Sherlock until they arrived back at their flat. It was past evening, and John couldn’t decide whether he should sleep or eat—or shower. Sighing, John hung up his coat and watched Sherlock hover by his violin, his brows drawn in thought.
John gasped, and blinked rapidly at the sensation. Sherlock moved his hand a couple of times over the cloth, and then started to slip his hand past the waistband, when John took hold of his wrist and held him in place.
Sherlock held the spoon in front of John, who opened his mouth and took the bite. It was just a small amount, but John coughed as it entered his mouth, dribbling a little bit on his lips. Sherlock straightened up and started to reach forward, but John managed to shake his head. Sherlock remained still as John thought hard about swallowing. It took him a couple of seconds, and then he managed to swallow smoothly.
“John—.” Sherlock moaned against John’s lips. John hummed and began pressing wet kisses down Sherlock’s neck. He lowered his hands and gripped John’s thighs, feeling his arousal bulging through his pajamas.
Sherlock recalled to the past few days again, and carefully examined each moment. He didn’t want to have a panic attack again, however he didn’t understand how that had even happened.
Molly widened her eyes. “Oh, I thought you knew. He did, only for a few minutes, before they gave him the narcan. He was a bit delirious, but clear enough to say his name. He was very tired though, most likely from the benzos in his system.”
“I left a bit of the tumor behind. On purpose of course. It wasn’t a precaution; the tumor was so simple to take out but I thought leaving it would keep John in my control—allow his symptoms would remain and very likely drive him insane. And as I believe, they pretty much did.”
“But at the graveyard you—you just went along with it. You didn’t bother to set the record straight. I know we already talked about this, but I need say this. I need to tell you that I thought you were a hallucination then, that I almost kissed you then, that before, I had already declared my…” John exhaled and changed his mind. “I was lost without you. Sherlock I can’t—I barely did it for myself then. I did it for you because you technically told me to. If you want me to do it for you again, or for us, I will. But I’m—.” John drew in a shaky breath as Sherlock squeezed his hand in reassurance. “I’m scared Sherlock.”
John’s mouth twitched upwards, forming only half a grin. “Of course you are…um, can you—can you tell me…what to do?”
Sherlock gritted his teeth and shuffled his feet, directing his gaze to the wall behind John and hesitantly flickering over his face. “It’s not the same. Nothing is the same.” He sighed aggravatingly and started to pace. John exhaled sharply and took a few steps closer.
Sherlock widened his eyes and stared at John. The man’s eyes didn’t flicker nor did he flinch. He wasn’t kidding.
“This is all your fault!” John snapped as he tried to squirm. “Why are you doing this to me?” His voice shook and he squeezed his eyes shut as tears prickled.
Sherlock processed this, and nodded. John whimpered underneath his touch, and shifted slightly. Sherlock placed the nasal cannula under his nose and then pulled the blanket up over his chest.
Sherlock stared at him, challenging him to just get on with it. Mycroft sighed, and stepped forward.
Kim followed him to the main room, and then headed back to the next one. “I’ll update you about John.”
“Are you hurt? Anywhere else?” Sherlock clarified. John inhaled slowly and thought about it, but he couldn’t feel any pain, which could still be a bit not good. He shook his head though, and by the gleam in Sherlock’s eyes, he knew John was in shock too.
Sherlock stepped towards John. “Did anyone tell you when they were going to detonate it?” He whispered.
Alarms rang from the monitor and Sherlock turned back around to face John. John was hunched over, and vomiting over the sheets. He was clenching his stomach, and then he quickly flopped back against the pillow, arching his back and clenching his teeth in pain.
Sherlock watched John as he prepared them breakfast. By the way John was slightly stiffer and had a very small tremor in his hand when
Lestrade shrugged. “Canterbury said he doesn’t know, and I believe him. We looked at his phone records emails, but he hasn’t had contact with anybody that seems like they would be Dashwood.”
Sherlock looked at John and opened his mouth to speak, but could only manage a raspy exhale. John squeezed his hand and sighed.
“Of course there’s time. It’ll be faster if you do rather than ask me, I haven’t read them or seen the movies in a long time—.”
John bounced her slightly and with one hand, gathered the shaving kit from the bathroom, placed that under his arm, and then held a small bowl of water. He set Rosie back down on the bed, and she went back to her toy as if she’d never been bothered. John stepped closer to Sherlock, moved his bed back slightly, tilted his head, and began to shave Sherlock’s face carefully.
Sherlock sniffled stiffly; John felt a stab of guilty and reached over. He grazed Sherlock’s shoulder, and was relieved he didn’t flinch.
John woke with a start and opened his eyes, expecting to see Sherlock’s bedroom. Instead, he saw Sherlock in a familiar hospital chair, and surrounding him was hospital equipment, beeping monotonously.
John retrieved their coats, handing Sherlock’s to him. “All right. Got an address?” Sherlock nodded and put his coat on before exiting out the door, John following him close behind.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was quiet and tinged with a slight shudder. He was as close as he could be against John’s body, with them both lying flat on the bed and their chests heaving against the others.
Sherlock eyed John’s expression going from attentive to serious and understanding, indicating possible bad news. John hung up and looked down at the detective’s face to see his eyebrows furrowing with unease.
Please comment!! 4 more chapters left, 3 of them completed, so I might drag it on a tiny bit to give myself some time to conclude all of this.
Sherlock kept his eyes lowered for another moment, and then he inhaled deeply and slowly met John’s gently gaze.
“Did you…have you…” John bit his lip, afraid of what the answer might be. “Have you taken anything?”
“You could.” Sherlock agreed, his voice surprisingly stable and secure. “But that’s where our…negotiation comes in. You let John go, off this yacht and onto shore where he’ll be safe. Only then I’ll let you kill me, and then you leave. Go wherever you want and don’t expect any actions taken to apprehend you. You will be a free man.”
Lestrade pulled up to the crime scene, a deserted shoreline along the river with police tape surrounding it. Sherlock strutted through the slimy rocks without hesitation. John cautiously took a step at a time, wary of his right leg. It was only his second day, and although he was excited for the case, feeling this normalcy suddenly seemed to exhaust him during the car ride. He eventually made it to the scene, where Sherlock was waiting for him by the tape, his eyes flickering with concern.
“I’ll be fine,” John said again, his voice firm. “When will I be…” he trailed off, but Sherlock knew what he was talking about.
“I’m—I’m dying aren’t I?” He didn’t expect an answer. “I’m dying and all he could do—all you could do, was deny it all…deny us. Why?” His voice broke, tears leaking out the corners of his eyes. John tried to sit up, but winced from the pain and a whimper escaped his lips. He slouched further against the wall, head lolling to the side. He tried fighting the black wave of unconsciousness, but he was in too much pain; the darkness seemed so welcoming.
John stretched and stood up. “You sure?” Since they’ve been married, Sherlock was becoming more considerate to John. John appreciated it of course, but he kept in mind a limit. He didn’t want Sherlock to loose himself only so John wouldn’t feel taken for granted.
Sherlock fought back rolling his eyes and answered. “I thought it through and it appealed completely logical to—.”
Sherlock ran his hands over John’s body, checking for injuries, and saw blood dripping lightly from his head.
“I can kiss you. I can talk to you, hear you, but you’re not really here. It’s just my memories making a fool of me.”
John aimed his gun at Moran, slowly stepping closer until he was in clear view from behind the pillar. Moran kept his gun to Sherlock’s head, but didn’t shoot. Sherlock tensed at first when he first heard the shout, but then relaxed when he saw John out of the corner of his eye. He also had a look of confusion, a rare look upon the detective.
John shook his head, understanding Lestrade’s meaning. “No, he’s not. I better go after him. Hopefully he’s going back home.”
Sherlock met his gaze and breathed in deeply. “At first I didn’t. But the way he wasn’t helping was odd. It was as if he didn’t know what I was doing, which clearly, you would. Oh, and his voice was off. It was nearly like yours, but it sounded more forced.”
“Doubt that. She works at the Royal London Hospital, so I might run into her now and then; it’ll be causal friendliness. It won’t be often, but at a conference perhaps. She did admit she wanted to remain friends so she could get to know you, for her own personal agenda or whatever. She still thinks we’re, as she put it ‘fucking like bunny rabbits’, but I set the record straight. She still didn’t believe me,” John concluded, sighing as he stretched up and headed towards the kitchen.
“P-please,” John whimpered up at him. He started to stand up, but swayed dangerously into Sherlock's arms.
Before John could lean in for another kiss, there was a knock on the door. They both turned to greet their guest, who sauntered into the room, her face beaming.
“Is there something else?” Sherlock could tell she was keeping something back, not necessarily on purpose though.
After ordering, they made small conversation, but John was acting distant, no matter how hard Sherlock tried to pry whatever was on his mind out of him.
John turned around and faced him. “To me, they are. Just because you don’t have to worry about them, doesn’t mean they just vanish into thin air!”
“You will not,” Mycroft interrupted. “Unless you have solid evidence of Sherlock’s involvement, you would do no such thing. The car that just left was a faded light blue, nearly grey, original Mini, the year between 1997 and 98. The license plate number began with LA14 but the last three digits I failed to catch—.”
Sherlock lowered his head to the body. Jack remained where he was and then inhaled sharply. He knelt down and rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“N-no, I’m good for now. But you’re antsy, and you start pacing ever-y time I’m finished with a session. G-go on and g-get some air, p-please.”
The man in Sherlock’s flat was quite good, better than average. But he needed to leave now and out of the detective’s flat. Sherlock spotted a pillow and tossed it at the man, landing on his backside.
“All right, all right,” he muttered. He made it to his room; the nurse stayed there, crossing his arms and looking defiant in the small room. John ignored him and walked into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. The nurse stepped forward and prevented the door from closing.
John scoffed at himself, and then quickly looked around. There were few people around, since it was lunchtime. He stepped to the door, opened it, and then walked through, closing it behind him. In front of him was a staircase, only about ten steps.
Sherlock turned to the door, but then was held back by Lestrade. He turned towards him with an expectant look.
John pulled away from Sherlock’s embrace; the detective did the same and they both looked at the bomb a few feet away.
“Yes, you do,” Victor replied with a smirk. He nodded towards John. “He’ll come by later, won’t you?”
Canterbury shook his head but remained silent. Sherlock huffed with frustration and stepped back. “Lestrade’s almost here. This case is over.”
“Not on all the time. Especially when I first start to get used to it.” John left it at that, and didn’t even bother mentioning the fact that he wasn’t completely sure he wanted one. Many people who have lost a limb opt for a wheel chair, for many reasons too. Even though John was eligible for a prosthetic, he wasn’t sure he wanted to bother with learning how to live with it.
John looked into Sherlock’s eyes, begging for this to all be just a dream. He felt a loss of sensation in his ability to pull away and with one final weak tug John fell into Sherlock’s arms, pressing his lips unto Sherlock’s, gently at first then passionately.
“It’ll take some time getting used to, but this one is only temporary. Soon you would be able to go without one for several hours, and a nurse can teach you how to use it by yourself.”
“Large motor vehicle, small house made out of logs, and feeding utensil with a small oval-like bowl.”
John paused to collect his thoughts. This was getting harder than he thought, and although he didn’t want to, he couldn’t think of anything else. This should help them; it’ll give them time to think and process everything without having to worry about the other one. This was needed, and it was the only thing John could think of.
—lucky. They planned to take the tube out of his mouth the next morning, and hopefully have him awake that night.
John huffed and shook his head. He tried to move his left hand, but it felt heavy and wouldn’t move, due to the atrophied muscles, but John illogically jumped to a conclusion, and panicked. He tried to move his tongue against his mouth, attempting to express what he wanted to say—he just wanted to get out of here for a moment—but Sherlock and Victor continued to push him back against the bed.
John inhaled sharply and clenched his eyes tight. He opened them, and blinked rapidly, and Sherlock realized with a pang in his chest that they were already glistening.
“They have a warrant, they wouldn’t waste it. It would allow them to question you…” Sherlock paused. “Do you have an idea of what they might do to you?”
John laughed and leaned forward, pressing his lips chastely against Sherlock’s. “That’s strictly hypothetical. Forget next year, then maybe by then I will have thought of something.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he shook his head. “No—I mean, yes, I know who it’s from, but I’m surprised it was sent to us.”
John sighed aggravated and managed to lift his hand and twirled is finger around the room. Sherlock’s face softened with realization.
John fell into a light doze before he could come up with a plan, and slowly drifted off into a restless sleep.
John looked at him with a sad gleam in his eyes, and leaned forward, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Yes, well, thank you. And thank you, for…coming back.” John grinned at him warmly and shook his hand. Jack turned Sherlock and reached for his hand. Sherlock shook it quickly and then let go.
A shot rang through the air and Mary yelped; John pushed out of her grasp. Sherlock gathered him into his arms and pulled him away. Mary stood up, grimacing as her injured shoulder was pulled as she was handcuffed, and Sherlock glanced behind her.
John turned on a couple of the lights, noticing how well furnished the place was, and clearly had been cleaned recently.
Jack turned the corner and fired his gun. He continued to walk past him, and Sherlock followed suit, keeping his gun ready. Voices emerged from the corner just as they reached it, and they nearly collided into a group of three, all wearing masks of John’s face. Jack took one out by hand and was tackled by another. Sherlock was pushed to ground, and the third stood over him, his expression something John would never wear.
Sherlock relaxed his face and stood up and took the tea. He quickly kissed him on the cheek and then headed to the window, taking a sip of tea and then reaching for his violin. John shuffled his feet and placed his tea on the table, and then walked up to stand behind Sherlock.
“John’s not here.” He said simply and took a breath before continuing. “Don’t you remember? He flat lined back at the hospital, after surgery. You tried to revive him but the doctors stopped you because he signed a DNR form. There wasn’t anything you could have done.”
John chuckled again, but the chuckle didn’t reach his eyes, although his eyes did flicker with something…else. Sherlock couldn’t define it, no matter how hard he tried to squint at John without arising suspicion. He continued with his activity, but found he couldn’t quite focus on anything for the rest of the day.
He fidgeted on the cot. His arms were strapped across his chest as his body was constrained in a straight jacket. John fumed and called out, but there was no answer.
Sherlock immediately scanned the room, noting the extent of the damage. The main room hadn’t suffered as much damage as the rest of the building. Half of the far side was blocked off, and parts of the ceiling had crumbled slightly, but most of the damage was down the hall, near some of the interrogation and technician rooms.
John kissed him again, and pulled back before Sherlock could part his lips. “I know you wouldn’t. I trust you with my life, Sherlock. Which is why I plan to spend the rest of it with you. All of it.”
John touched his cheek, surprised, and idly wiped them away. His odd episode came to a depressing halt, and his lip trembled with overcoming emotion. He bit his tongue as the tears fell down his face, silent and unwelcome. John felt an unrelenting blame in his mind; he couldn’t stop blaming Sherlock in his dreams; he was terrified it would slip into reality and he would use it against Sherlock. That, John knew, would break him.
Sherlock didn’t want to go just yet; John helped him to think, but it was hard to while he was sick. He wanted John better—
Sherlock smiled so wide, John thought he was going to faint with happiness. Sherlock nodded and let out a shaky sigh. “I can’t imagine anything better.”
Sherlock’s shaky voice trailed off. John furrowed his eyebrows, both in panic and confusion. Sherlock’s voice wasn’t supposed to sound it like that. It wasn’t right…
John trembled and stepped back further, their contact agonizingly diminishing. He raised a hand as if telling Sherlock to hold. “Just give me a minute…”
“I am calm!” Sherlock snapped. He was sitting in an ambulance, still at the scene. It had been only an hour since John was taken, and the SUV vanished from sight. Mycroft’s men were going over CCTV cameras for any sightings.
He vaguely heard voices off in the distance, but he could only see sand and sunlight. The sky above him was so blue; he momentarily felt a wave of relief. But then the pain worsened and John squeezed his eyes closed as he cried out. He tried to curl in on himself, but he couldn’t seem to move. It was as if someone was holding him down.
He fought to keep his hopes from rising, but did anyway as he reached for the walker. He placed his hands on either side, and carefully lifted himself from the chair. He saw himself in the mirror, and noticed he was standing. He inhaled slowly and looked at his feet. He felt heavy for some reason, and noticed a settle amount of wetness against his feet.
He made his way down the hallway, avoiding the other patients and staff with ease, and reached his room. Fortunately, despite everything else, John didn’t have to share a room, and as he closed the door behind him, he exhaled slowly, urging himself to relax.
John lied against the pillow and shrugged, uncertain about everything, it seemed. Sherlock seemed unsure too, but he continued anyway.
Sherlock nodded—the closest appreciation Mycroft was going to get from him—and with that, he was off, the sun just about setting.
Sherlock softened his expression and stepped forward. John looked away and closed his eyes, telling Sherlock he didn’t want to “talk” anymore.
“Jesus! Sh-Sherlock y-you fucking bastard!” He wanted to punch him, but after what he did earlier, he couldn’t bring himself to raise his hand, so instead he kept his fists clenched by his side. John limped towards the detective and placed his hands on his shoulders, resting his forehead on top of the mop of curly hair.
There are some parallels and similar quotes to Grey's Anatomy, so if you're a fan, keep an eye out :)
Lee nodded. “All of this wouldn’t have happened if it wasn’t for that doctor of yours. All he had to do was save our lives.”
Sherlock smiled softly and leaned the rest of the way to meet John’s lips. Sherlock kissed him and picked up the pace after a moment, and then he pushed forward until John was lying back down on his back. Sherlock lay on top of him and restarted the kiss, trailing from his lips to his jaw and neck.
Sherlock stared up at him. “That’s why I’m leaving it. I don’t want to get it wet. And besides, if I fall in, at least I’ll have something dry to put on. And, it’s July, it’s not that cold out.”
“I’m a fucking mess,” John gasped. Sherlock didn’t flinch from John’s sudden outburst, and continued to fix the blanket before taking a step back.
A sensation tingled below Sherlock’s waist, startling him. He sat still and focused on the feeling. It was still there, and he started to feel the warm mist from the shower spray onto his legs.
“I promise.” Sherlock assured her and then hung up. Mycroft eyed his brother suspiciously. In his whole life growing up with his younger brother, he had never heard him promise something so…unselfishly.
Sherlock stepped back and began to pace, placing his fingers under his chin. “John and I worked on a case a few years ago, before the Reichenbach Case. There was a drug that was used to stimulate fear; it distorted reality and made the intoxicated person fear whatever they saw or heard. This drug is being made to torture people, just like that one, but it’s different. It can easily fool an ordinary person as simple cocaine, but it won’t be sold in the streets. It’s only for manipulation. Then why would Silken go through all that trouble? Why have apples on the boxes. Why have the bullets—?”
He looked at John, who was still sleeping with an oxygen mask over his mouth. He’d been like that all night, and the sun was just starting to rise, it’s dawn rays peeking through the blinds of the window across from him.
In a hustle of movements, a few more nurses rushed in with the cart as Dr. Shepherd ushered Sherlock to stand back.
“I can assure you, I am. She framed Anthea, choosing a last name to make her account more real. But Anthea’s name is unknown, even to me; ‘Anthea’ is just her name of the week. She was Clara last week. Don’t worry; even I’m confused half the time. Anyway, Mary’s bad, Kim’s good, you might want to reassess your favorites.”
Sherlock panicked. John was in no shape to swim, but there was no other choice now. He turned back to John and lifted his chin. John remained disoriented, his eyes flickering beyond Sherlock and never focusing.
Sniffling and utterly confused, John shakily stood up, resting more weight on his uninjured leg and then leaned down. He pulled Sherlock by the shoulders and led them into a vacant room. He dragged Sherlock in and then lifted him up onto the cot. Turning around, John shut the door, after peering at the hallway and noting that it was empty.
Preparing himself, John lifted himself out of the water by arching his back and pushing up with his palms. His ribs hurt like hell and he could only take in small breaths, but his face was out of the water. The water level was near his mouth, and would cover his ears if he tilted his head backwards.
Sherlock pulled away for a moment, and John hoped Sherlock wasn’t backing out now. He needed this—they both did, if they ever wanted to move on.
“Aren’t my concern right now,” John interrupted lightly. He grinned despite his protest. “Besides, it’s only been ten minutes.”
Lestrade was in his chair, and Sherlock was pacing in front of him. Sherlock turned to John, and only glanced at him before facing back to Lestrade.
“If you don't ever solve another case again," he began slowly. “I'll still be here. If you work on cases until you’re 80 years old, I'll still be here, waiting to retire with you.”
he suddenly felt that desire. It was shocking to himself, a too intimate thought he hadn’t had or truly felt before.
He was wearing the purple shirt—the one John was always so mesmerized by. It was blood stained now—spoiled, useless. The suit jacket lay heavily from being dampened by the continuing rainfall. Shivering for the first time, John kneeled by his lover and gently laid his hand over the man’s still shoulder. His eyes remained dry; a sob threatened to erupt in his chest but he refused to let it.
A sudden cough started John, and he craned his neck to the right. Sherlock squeezed himself through the dented crack in the side of the boat and crawled to John, breathing hard and with blood trickling down his temple.
Sherlock tensed and took a minute step forward, disconnecting the touch. “Fine,” he mumbled. John swallowed down the hurt and lowered his hand. Before he could go on, Canterbury returned, with a bottle of pills.
Sherlock’s face brightened. John’s heart fluttered, and then he started to speak, something that had been in his mind for ages he couldn’t remember if he had thought of it himself or if he just always knew it would come to this. John thought this moment would never come though, that the right time had passed and it was too late, but as he spoke, he realized with certainty that there never was a right time, just a moment, in which he could take for the both of them.
John shuddered and moaned, his orgasm shaking through his body as Sherlock stroked him through it. As the pleasure subsided, he slouched forward, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s temple.
“You could get a cold. Your immune system is still rebooting, as is your heart. Your stress levels—.”
“All right shut up Sherlock. Shut up. The first time we met, you knew everything about me, about Harry—.”
The soldier gasped. Before he could speak, Sherlock rummaged through the table drawer with his long arm and pulled out a bottle of lube. Meanwhile, the man on top of him leaned back and pulled out a condom from his jeans. He applied it over his hardening cock and then took the lube and applied it.
His room was small, with a bed in the left corner against the wall, a small table beside it, a sturdy locked window in front of the door, and a small bathroom on the right. It was bland and too much like the bedsit John had rented all those years ago, before he met Sherlock. It bothered him, to say the least.
“No John! Don’t! You’re-a-doctor-you-can-care-for-me-just-as-easily-I’ll-be-fine-John-please-don’t-call-him-I-don’t-like-that-place-John-please-John-don’t-leave-me.” Sherlock rambled on as he scrambled into John’s arms and held him tightly. John nudged him away and pushed him back to the sofa.
Lestrade slowly nodded. “All right then. Do what you need to do. I’ll let you know after I’ve spoken to her.”
I will post chapter 3 by next Friday if not sooner :) simply because 2 and 3 are shorter than others..
“Y-yes—like before but—.” Confusion hit John and he blinked, his brows furrowing. “Wait…h—how did you know I had them before?”
Sherlock sauntered into the MI6 building, and scanned the room. Various computers were set up and on one big screen was all the information about John Watson. Sherlock cringed inwardly at the possibility of John being what the evidence suggested, and continued following Mycroft.
Sherlock scoffed and wandered off into the sitting room, however a smirk tugged at his lips. “I’ve said it before John, you’re the romantic, not me.”
He lay on his back, and looked up at the ceiling. Sherlock lay back, and turned his head, looking at him.
“Just gave Moran the confirmation to do whatever he likes to John. It’s clearly false, but it won’t be realized into tomorrow, and I’ll be long gone.”
John’s eyes widened. “Resent you? You did this for me. I didn’t ask you to, but I’ve been making it up to you—.”
John inhaled sharply and nodded roughly. “Well, y-yes, but we’ve managed to ignore some things. I-I thought it would make things awkward…b-bringing things up. You and him, you see…” John laughed nervously, and then winced again.
Sherlock silently went up to him. Victor looked at John for a long time, and then slowly removed his furrowed gaze to Sherlock. He rested his hand over Sherlock’s waist. John looked away, finding the simple affection touch oddly possessive. He couldn’t hear what Sherlock was whispering, but after a moment, Victor hummed and then left.
“She wouldn’t have remembered, but she did, sort of. She would become lucid and ask what had happened. She wouldn’t have if it was Alzheimer’s.”
Sherlock looked up from his armchair and met John’s heavy gaze. The man was tired—exhausted—though not just from their extensive run after a criminal they had the night before. He was still red in the face, his fists clenched tightly even after he set his bag down. He exhaled deeply and stiffly headed towards the kitchen.
John nodded and looked away. Warm water trailed down his chest, and he flickered his eyes to Sherlock’s hand and his chest.
Sherlock moved swiftly beside him and looked down. John blinked rapidly, but his vision continued to blur as the room swayed.
“Look, you don’t have to wait here with me all day. You could go out and…I don’t know, follow some leads.”
thanks for reading and stay tuned next week for chapter 7 and PLEASE comment, they really make my day :)
Sherlock hummed in response and continued looking around the room. He focused on a notebook, opened with a pen lying over it—
Sherlock spoke, careful with his words. “John,” He began softly. “It’s really me now. I’m Sherlock and I’m here for you. We need to leave before—.”
“I know,” Sherlock breathed. John reopened his eyes, and scoffed at himself as he could feel them stinging with tears.
After a few moments, Sherlock felt himself getting hard, and he opened his eyes and glanced down. His cock was peaking out of his pants, and John’s hand was stroking it, his speed picking up. His strokes were nearly right, and he ran his thumb over the top.
Dr. Robbins nodded in acknowledgement. “This is Margaret, she’ll be the on call nurse. You can call her in here anytime.” Margaret nodded in affirmation, and Sherlock only nodded in acknowledgement before the doctor and nurse left.
John flushed at the mention of Sherlock. Harry noticed of course and her face softened with sympathy. “You miss him still. Sure, you’re moving on but I would expect it would come like waves.”
The man flinched awake and a groan escaped his lips. Sherlock smirked, knowing all to well the hard wood floor wasn’t the best choice to sleep after mind-blowing sex. Sherlock abruptly halted his thought at that description.
John cautiously peeked open his eyes to see the detective standing in the same spot, unmoved and fortunately the real one. Moving in sync, John and Sherlock hovered forwards and collapsed into each other’s arms. John snuggled his head as deep as he could against Sherlock’s chest, the detective tightening his hold around his friend—well now lover? Partner? Whatever label they may take, they were together now, and that was the important thing.
Moran kept his gun aimed at Sherlock’s neck, at an odd angle according to John. He raised his other hand and held it in a stop gesture. Sven paused by the door, still gripping John tightly.
John managed to sleep for an hour, and then he was gently awoken to a nurse leaving his food on his table.
Sherlock grinned this time. “No. No, it hasn’t. But it will. Your need to gain praise will be your end.
Immediately, John sprung in a jump and lunged towards Sherlock. He pushed him hard against the railing, pushing him overboard and into the water. John came to a hard landing, his head nearly missing the railing, and landed on his stomach. He managed to turn over as the mast crashed into the cabin roof, spit into two, and then continuing forward, cutting into the boat. Part of the mast landed onto the railing, cracking it and caving in. The boat continued to cave inwards, and the edges crumbled inside. John was dragged along by gravity, and slide down into the wreck, where with a sharp jolt, he came to thud. Water rushed in instantly, flooding the lower compartment where John laid, trapped and unconscious with his feet pinned underneath the mask.
He was awoken by a gentle shaking, and looked up to see Molly looking down at him. John shifted up and stretched his neck. He glanced at his watch, noticing it was past nine at night, and one glance at Sherlock told him he was still asleep.
That was typical of him, asking how he was. It wasn’t even genuine—just clearly for the purpose of the session.
Moran stared at him. “Very well…” He said and remained silent. A muffled voice broke the silence, appearing to be coming from Moran’s earpiece. It went quiet as Moran raised an eyebrow, his eyes peering just slightly behind the detective, looking into the glass door.
“Well it’d be nice to meet some who haven’t committed treason,” Mycroft said sternly. To his dismay, Jack chuckled.
The second thing was that he was alone. Irrational fear ached in his chest as he stood up and looked around the room.
Moran’s face fell with seriousness and he leaned into Sherlock’s ear, whispering with a menacing tone. John tried to gain something from it, but was cautious that any attempts would risk Sherlock’s life.
“You do and you’ll just make a fool of yourself. You’re a fool John, an idiot for not seeing the facts.”
A couple of hours later, and after check up after check up with the doctors, Sherlock was back asleep, turned on his side though, indicating he hadn’t fallen back into a coma. John sat down in the chair by the bed and leaned forward, taking Sherlock’s hand in his and tried to keep himself awake through the rest of the night.
“You were affected. By all this,” John stated matter-of-factly, realizing it as he spoke. He hadn’t wanted to; he knew Sherlock cared, but he hadn’t wanted to cause him distress.
Sherlock clutched at John’s shirt as he body shuddered, and he lost track of time. By the time John picked him up and carried him back to the house, the sun was setting, radiating the sky with golden orange light surrounding them.
Sherlock shrugged. “I took a couple, near the end. But usually, I was here. And I took one last week.”
“You should try eat something,” John said as he sat down in the same chair that remained by his bedside since Sherlock woke up. It appeared John rarely left it, since there were indents nearly permanent from sitting and sleeping in it.
A nurse came up to him one morning and handed him his first dose of medication. He didn’t look familiar, and his nametag said Billy. John figured he was new.
Edit: Check out the amazing masterpiece by SweetLittleKitty, based off the dinner in this chapter. Link down below in the end notes, because no one wants a spoiler, right? Although, it's probably why you're here, so welcome! And enjoy the rest of the story. :)
John only became angrier, and managed to keep his gaze on the ceiling. “You couldn’t,” he said tightly.
He took a cloth and dipped it into the bowl, squeezed out excess water and then gently cleaned the cut on Sherlock’s palm. It wasn’t deep and wouldn’t need any stitches, which John found a relief. Sherlock moaned softly but didn’t speak.
“Will do, thank you.” She left, and then John spotted Greg heading towards them from the entrance, Dr. Willoughby behind him. His hair was blonde rather than black, how Lucy had described him, and he didn’t have glasses. And with a closer look, John realized he had some kind of plastic surgery on his nose.
“Hold him still,” Moran demanded. He walked around and stood in front of the man. He pulled out a knife and swiftly plunged it through the man’s injured thigh. The man yelped and contorted his face in agonizing pain. Sherlock clenched his jaw and glared at Moran.
Rushing with determination, John released his wrist, and with a second thought, pocketed the cuffs and key. Grabbing his gun, he turned off the safety and headed out the door. He couldn’t help but feel relief to be out of that room, but a new kind of doubt lurked in his mind, one that centered on Sherlock’s true reasoning for leaving the key. Surely he didn’t actually consider John’s condition and had left the key to prove his uncaring?
“Are you working on a case?” John asked, his voice still demanding. He was pushed into the room and then he spun around to the door, but Sherlock was blocking it, and he was bouncing on his feet, as if ready to pounce on John if John tried to escape.
John flinched away, his eyes finally meeting Sherlock’s. The detective felt a punch in the gut at the sight of his lover. He was still sickly pale and his eyes were rimmed red, tears prickling his eyes but not daring to shed.
“You’re not.” He realized. His posture relaxed further and he steadied his gaze at Sherlock. “Why’d you come back?”
“Yes. Lestrade found the sniper rifle discarded less than a block away. At first that seems rather foolish, but it may have been deliberate—.”
He wheeled himself across the room and into a larger one. There were stairs to his left, and a small desk in the corner near the backdoor, which led to a porch. A small gap between the trees lined perfectly with the outside pathway, and Sherlock caught a glimpse of the glittering cold water swaying in the distance.
He hung up and hung his head. Telling him was just as horrible as he had imagined it. Sherlock had denied it of course, claimed it was just the concussion. But after hearing about the CAT scans and the fact that his memory was foggy, he stormed off, brushing past Mrs. Hudson in the process. Telling her was nearly just as hard. She had insisted to stay with John until Sherlock got back, or to help look for him, but John knew it was no use; Sherlock was likely a mile away, and wouldn’t be back soon. John also knew that Sherlock needed time to figure this all out—while being away from John. That hurt more than John wanted to admit, but refused to stop pacing until Sherlock got back, even if the space was understandable and needed.
He shook himself out of his thoughts, and hardened his face slightly to cover up whatever emotion he had let slip out.
John froze. Molly looked over his shoulder, but John didn’t move just yet. He clenched his jaw, inhaled deeply, and then straightened up and turned around. He stared at Sherlock, who stared back. Sherlock’s eyes were slightly open and already drooping, as if he was about to fall back into oblivion.
“No, no—you were…dead for…I don’t even know how long, I lost track because I was too busy breathing for you, pumping the blood in your veins to keep your heart from stopping, so you get back into the damn bed, Sherlock!”
“We need to get him to a CT. I have his scans here from his medical files; looks like he has an aneurysm right by the tumor and it may be bleeding now.”
John winced as Sherlock lowered the bed for him. The room spun slightly and his vision blurred. Something didn’t feel right. John urged himself to stay awake, and managed to focus on Sherlock, who was by his bed, tucking him in. John slid his arm heavily against the blanket, and reached for Sherlock’s wrist.
A few seconds passed in silence. Ten exactly. Finally, a heartbeat appeared on the monitor. Then another one followed. Then another. John’s heart rate rose after a few moments to a steady rhythm, his chest moving in sync with slow short breaths being exhaled out of his mouth. A nurse placed an oxygen mask over his mouth and settled him in the bed. The medical faculty eased their way out of the room with murmurs to each other regarding hourly check ups and other various medical needs.
The car drove fast, hitting a speed bump. “You could tell your driver to slow down Mycroft.” Sherlock retorted.
John hummed to himself. “Mmm—me—be.” It didn’t sound like him; John bit his lip to keep himself calm.
He could feel Sherlock grin against his skin, and he sat up slightly and leaned against his elbows to look down at Sherlock. Sherlock tilted his head up and met his gaze with a small smirk.
John turned around and there was Sherlock. But it was just the hallucination. It wasn’t really Sherlock.
John flinched from the movement and parted his eyes slightly. Sherlock leaned forward and wrapped his arms around John’s body.
Sherlock was still running after the man, and was catching up to him quickly. John ran after them, and nearly caught up with them. Suddenly, Sherlock lost his footing and slipped on a black patch of ice. He fell with his feet in the air and landed hard on his back. John hurried towards him, paused, and looked down at his husband as the other man ran off.
John wanted to move closer and doze against his lover, but his skin was starting to feel sticky against Sherlock and the sheet. He shifted slightly and leaned up onto his elbows. Sherlock shifted to the side and onto his back, directing his gaze to John’s eyes.
Sherlock’s head had been raised, but his eyes were casted downwards. He inhaled deeply before he spoke. “The more available you get, the more I pull away.”
“You asked about Victor. And I told you that we hade met in university. You recalled that I had said I was married to my work, and you asked why it changed. You seemed…”
“That’s right,” she said despite his tone. She paused by the nurse’s station when a phone started ringing.
“It could be because of the concussion,” John reminded the doctor. Willoughby nodded assuring and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock stared at the instrument, and then nodded.
“You can come in, John,” Sherlock said impassively as his pacing came to a halt; he kept his back to John, not wanting to deduce what the man had planned to say by his very expressive face.
John looked conflicted for a moment, and then suddenly he flicked a pocketknife open and flung his arm. The blade swiped cleanly across Sherlock’s cheek—shallow, but already bleeding. Sherlock stepped back, and glanced up at John. He saw a flicker of regret but then it was gone.
Sherlock turned to the side and pulled the shower curtain opened. He turned the shower on, and then adjusted the temperature. After a few moments, he held the curtain to the side, giving space for John to enter. John looked at him with a curious look, but stepped into the shower anyway. He held onto the plastic railing that was by his hip, and he stabilized his balance. He was facing the shower spray, where Sherlock stepped underneath as he followed John in.
In the A&E, the detective and his blogger were placed in a corner bed, fortunately surrounded by empty ones. John was currently asleep as the doctor spoke with Sherlock.
Sherlock licked his dry lips. “Fine,” he rasped. He was still in pain, and looked over at the morphine drip.
“I don’t know!” John snapped. He appeared to be bothered by it too, but he definitely knew more than Sherlock.
Jack began firing at the others, and spun into some kind of action hero dance, knocking them to the ground one by one. Sherlock turned on his heal and began to run the opposite direction. He heard orders from one behind him, and heard a helicopter overhead. Mycroft had arrived!
John sighed. “I don’t like to…talk about certain things—personal things. But when I first came back from Afghanistan, I felt—well I was crippled, in some way or another. I couldn’t get a job—I didn’t try very hard because I had this set notion in my head that, looking back now, I saw myself as that, as a cripple. And I assumed that that was what everyone saw me as. It wasn’t just the nightmares and dodgy leg, but the mentality that kept me back. I was bitter about myself, therefore about everything else. It can be paralyzing, not just in a physical sense, but in a mental one as well. It kept me back, and I’d hate to see it happen to you.”
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows slightly but then stopped when Mycroft’s voice spoke sternly in his ear.
Before another word was spoken, the door creaked open and Sherlock walked in, bandages covering his neck and his arm in a sling. He had changed into an old pair of pajamas and t-shirt while waiting for his own. His eyes and cheeks were red and wet, but no tears were falling.
The fall would be his last rush—his last dose of adrenaline before he’ll be with Sherlock again. Since Sherlock was dead, he’d be the one in Heaven or wherever, not the hallucination. This was it.
John hummed and leaned upward, pressing his lips gently against Sherlock’s. Sherlock couldn’t resist and kissed him back, angling his head and parting his lips. John deepened the kiss with his tongue, and leaned back on his back, pulling Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock moaned and trailed his hands down John’s sides, finding his hands and pulling them for his head and pinning them against the pillow.
But instead of talking about it then, they had argued—danced around the one question that needed to be answered. Sherlock had been wound up so tightly with confliction and in the attempt to hide his feelings for John, he had snapped, and argued back. That was the only explainable reason for why he didn’t follow John back to the flat. If he hadn’t gotten defensive, John probably wouldn’t be in the hospital at all.
Sherlock scoffed and turned around the face the inspector. “Kingston is part of a drug cartel, probably knows who else is, and responsible for the batches we found and for shooting John. He makes money larger than the both of you—.”
. He figured his ribs were the last ones healing. He looked down at his arms and noticed the scars for the first time. Most were thin and only half an inch, although some were a couple inches long, and many of them looked deep. Sherlock was right; they would be, for the most part, permanent.
John had no idea how much time went by, or if he had just fallen asleep again. The next thing he knew was that he wasn’t alone anymore. Mary was beside him, stroking his forehead.
“I’ll look into it,” Sherlock said dismissively as he sat at the computers. Mary nodded with gratitude, accepting he was done being informed at the moment.
John shifted the detective and half carried, half dragged him across the room and placed him on the sofa. He gently placed his head over a cushion and then quickly went upstairs for his medical kit. Sherlock remained silent, his eyes still wide with what he had just done.
It was the middle of the night, yet a car was just passing down Baker Street, and pulled over the moment Sherlock stepped forward. He mentally noted to thank Mycroft later, through silent glares of course.
“You’re going to be fine.” Sherlock murmured, more to himself than to John. He lifted their intertwined hands and pressed a soft kissed onto John’s. John squeezed back and slowly gained his voice back.
“Hello, Sherlock. John.” She nodded to the both of them, and then looked at John. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock slowly looked at him, offered a weak grin, and then looked away. “I’m fine, John. You should get some rest.”
“Oh so now you admit it.” John looked up, amusement and annoyance gleaming wildly in his eyes—mockingly. “What do you mean cold?”
Sherlock stared at his friend. John was hooked up to what seemed like more machines, and he was paler, with a light gleam of sweat along his forehead and a grey hue over his face. He still had a nasal cannula under his nose, and his chest was still bare from any blankets.
“No it’s NOT the only way!” John’s hand trembled but he composed himself and continued aiming the gun at Moran, who’s own gun hadn’t moved from Sherlock’s head. He inhaled deeply and continued. “You gave me the key to the handcuffs—obviously you wanted me to escape, and I know you did it so I could follow you, not to prove that you don’t care about me. I believe we can be extraordinary together—we can make us work, I know we can, but you have to live.”
Mycroft sighed. “It wouldn’t hurt to have this checked, now we know about doppelgangers impersonating one of the men in the photos.”
“Alright?” he whispered. Sherlock nodded, sending an odd smell to John’s nose. John flinched back, causing Sherlock to turn around and raise his eyebrows.
“So you admit it?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow and hardened his facial expression. “You resent me deep down and you’re trying to—.”
“Can you look into Willoughby’s past for me. See if he owns any kind of business or is getting paid besides from his practice.”
“You just had to take the time to explain. You wanted me to know you were part of it. You acted out the caring doctor perfectly, answering every question with honesty. Yet acting normal, well, you become careless eventually.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He finished with the brace, and then stood up and went to the kettle. John watched his eyes flicker from the kettle to John’s cup of tea, and then Sherlock relaxed his shoulders.
John glanced up at him. This hallucination was different. The clothes were what Sherlock was wearing today, the purple shirt caressing the skin beneath, tight and tailored to utter perfection. John’s eyes trailed to his face and he gasped.
“There’s a bomb in the Underground, near the Sumatra Road station. Sherlock and John are both down there.”
John shook his head stiffly as his eyes continued to close, but he kept blinking rapidly, as if willing himself to stay awake. He parted his mouth again, but didn’t form a word. He clenched his fists and turned his head back and forth in a long shake.
But the simple idea of just ending this friendship with John seemed out of the question. What they had was good—really good. They were starting to become very good friends, probably even best friends if John were to categorize it. This was just a bump in the road; it didn’t mean anything.
Sherlock nearly rolled his eyes. “I’m telling you now, John. The victims are attacked, knocked out for long enough, and when they wake up, a limb is missing. There have been five so far. First it was a finger, than a hand, arm, foot, and now a leg. It’s obvious he took the opportunity of your blog post to directly acknowledge my investigations.”
The heart monitor beeped a steady rhythm, echoing against the off-white walls. That was the first sound to enter John’s mind, slowly bringing him back to the conscious world. He felt heavy and tired—too tired to open his eyes right away—but he wanted to stay awake for a little while. His head and chest ached, and his side. He could smell the antiseptic, and could feel the bandage around his head. He secretly hoped they didn’t shave off all of his hair.
John’s grin faltered slightly, but Victor didn’t seem to notice. John nodded in comprehension. He was starting to feel awkward, partially because he couldn’t keep the conversation going and also because he was starting to feel unease about Victor. From first impression, he seemed fine. But John couldn’t remember if he knew how Sherlock had known him in university, or even if he was told at all.
John walked into the doctor’s office. He checked in and then waited among only four others, both couples and obviously elderly. He didn’t have to wait long, before a nurse called him forward and told him to enter the office.
“You didn’t have a ring on earlier, so it must have happened when the two of you left while the warrant was being processed. Was it romantic? A surprise?”
A muted ringtone cut through the silence, coming from Sherlock’s trousers that were on the floor. Sherlock sighed, and started to pull away, but John wouldn’t let him.
“Ooh—y-ooh—,” John stuttered and inhaled sharply. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, and then he slowly nodded.
Sherlock took the journal back and started re-reading it, swallowing part of the sandwich, and then muttered under his breath, “you must be getting old.”
Sherlock smiled hesitantly, but it was strained, and then he continued. “You had a fever at first, but then it went away for a bit; Dr. Robbins thinks it’s an infection, but their still running tests. They did after surgery but couldn’t identify it. A fever for two days is worrying, but it’s still relatively a low one…” Sherlock trailed off and looked down.
John went to bed early that evening, and with a silent look, refused any help in getting ready. He placed his bandaged shoulder over an extra pillow, and then placed another pillow just underneath his forearm, slanting his body. It wasn’t comfortable, but he tolerated it. Sherlock watched but didn’t do anything. His body was nearly trembling with concern, and all he wanted to do was cradle John and take away all his pain, but he knew the offer was the closest John would allow, so he remained quiet. The man he loved was stubborn after all.
John inhaled deeply and then inclined his head in a sharp nod. “All right.” He paused. “They’d still arrest me even after I give my statement?”
John hummed softly but pulled back reluctantly. “Okay, it’s officially been more than twelve hours since I’ve eaten. I need food now, and so do you.”
The pair sat in front of Willoughby in similar positions from all those months ago, with John behind Sherlock and Willoughby behind a computer screen.
John sighed, lowered his head, and bit his lip. He would have to drag himself onto the bed; he couldn’t bend his leg enough to curl up, let alone lift them up to climb. He could turn around and hop on, but jumping was out of the question.
The first thing John was aware of a few hours later was dark flat and an aching neck from falling asleep only halfway on the bed.
John pressed his mouth against the nape of his neck, and rubbed his nose against the curl of hair that lined above it.
Sherlock shook his head dismissively. “I’ve realized, and not for the first time, that caring is a disadvantage, one sided, that is. I may not know
By the time John positioned Sherlock in his chair and wheeled him to the table, the toast was cooked and juice had already been poured. John busied himself at the stove, quickly frying some eggs and putting them on a plate. His hand trembled with the spatula, but he didn’t notice Sherlock watching it, and set the plate down in front of him.
“Hey,” John tightened his grasp in Sherlock’s hand, and rubbed his thumb affectionately over it. “It’s okay Sherlock.”
“John,” he greeted flatly. He prepared to take another step, but then stopped himself and turned back to face John, his eyes widening.
Sherlock moved the bow gently against the strings of his violin, starting off slowly into a melody. He only played for a couple of minutes, before John shifted awake and blinked wearily at Sherlock.
Now John was starting to feel guilty again. He swallowed tightly and refrained from looking at Sherlock.
He remained in that position until it was suddenly lunchtime, and Vanessa walked in with his lunch. She left it on the table, gave him a sympathetic look, and then left. The door failed to close completely as Sherlock quickly walked in. John glanced at him, and then looked away, readjusting his position until he was sitting up.
Sherlock looked at him from where he was still standing. John looked vulnerable from this far away. He looked smaller in the bed, but he was indeed skinnier and had lost weight, and wouldn’t be gaining a lot any time soon. He was pale yet his cheeks were slightly flushed. A slight tremble ran through his body, but Sherlock couldn’t tell if it was just from the cool temperature or something else. His eyes were parted slightly, drooping with exhaustion.
John narrowed his eyes and fidgeted. “Fine.” His attitude was different than it was just a few minutes ago—a drastic drop that exhausted John.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keeping his gaze down, John replied. “Is this something you want, Sherlock? You’re not just following my lead because you think it’s what I want—which it is. But it’s not because you want to please me, you actually want this? You want us to be…you want…me?”
Sherlock lied still in the quiet, focusing mainly on the blond-grey-brown wisps of hair currently under his nose, and he breathed in John’s scent, finding it soothing. A few minutes passed, and then John squirmed underneath him and leaned away slightly. He blinked up at Sherlock and smiled tiredly.
Glaring, John flickered his eyes to Sherlock, only for his expression to falter to shock. Sherlock was red in the face, his eyes were puffy, and his nose was especially red. His hair was a greasy bundle of untidy curls, and his clothes were disheveled. He clearly hadn’t washed himself in at last two days, and now he was fast asleep in the chair, his head lolling on his shoulder.
“You want to get dress before we go to Scotland Yard?” John asked quietly. Sherlock nodded and took a big sip of his tea as he headed to their bedroom. He paused behind John and pressed his hand on John’s right shoulder.
The detective shifted closer to his blogger, ignoring the pain shooting through his shoulder. John tried to squirm away but Sherlock wasn’t allowing it. He pressed himself to John and wrapped his arms around him tighter to keep John as warm as possible in the frigid waters.
“That’s if he gets one.” Sherlock said harshly. Kim shuffled her feet, and with a nod from Mary, walked in and sat down at the very end. She brought her own tape recorder out and placed it on the table.
Sherlock breathed for John a third time, and a choking sound exhaled from John’s mouth, excruciating slow.
“Spit it out, John,” Sherlock snapped. His face flickered with an apology, but he started to fidget, and he shifted his balance, as if ready to run back into the living room for the case.
John shifted until he was completely facing him. “You’re not sleeping on that couch, you’ll strain whatever muscles you do have.” His tone was harsh, but gently honest at the same time. “You’ll sleep in a proper bed. If I have to carry you every night and morning, than I will. Besides, if you want me to call Mycroft to rearrange our situation, I will.”
A yell rang around him as John Watson sat upright in his bed, tangled in his bed sheets. His eyes were wide as he stared out into blackness; they were glazed over and distant for a moment longer before a wave of consciousness hurled over him, softening the hardness of his face just a fraction. The doctor’s breathing quickened its pace as his heart thudded with realization: it was just a dream—a horrendous repeat of the previous night, and the one before that, and the others that came every time he closed his eyes for the past six months.
“I don’t need any help.“ John snapped quietly, keeping his head down, but slowly opening his eyes and squinting against the fluorescent light
John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock, his lips gentle at first, and then desperate. Sherlock kissed him back, trailing his arms around his body and holding him against him. They trailed kisses along the other, murmuring incoherent words and praises.
“I had a thought that…what if you...began to miss it. What if it’s not me you love but the hallucin—.”
“I think so,” John said. “The tourniquet’s not too tight so there’s still blood flow, but if I start walking it’ll start bleeding again. Do you have any idea what time it is?”
It was only there for four and a half seconds. Sherlock first noticed it in the middle of the night, but ignored it as simply a phantom sense rather than anything else.
“I-I don’t know, after I gave him some pain meds, he was fine for a bit,” Regina stuttered. “But then he started to have chills. I turned up the heat just slightly, but then he started to sweat, so I turned it down. He then began to mutter—it seemed he was talking to you, but then he mentioned someone named Sholto, and then a James, and then you again. I tried to talk him through it, but then he panicked and ripped his IV out. We haven’t been able to sedate him.”
Ronald Silken. They had never been seen together, and he had transformed his appearance and manner just enough to fool all of the recruits. He kept an eye on everything, and then supposedly had reported to Silken, who was just himself—a man with multiple personality disorder.
“Come on, sir, back to your room,” he said. John squirmed but was manhandled down the hall. He twisted out of the grasp and raised his hands up as he limped down the hall.
John tried to breathe but found he couldn’t. His chest tightened as his body convulsed and began to tremble.
Neither of them spoke for several hours. Sherlock would never admit it, and only allowed himself this once to be grateful for his brother’s presence. It was oddly comforting not being alone while he waited.
John slowly peeled off the lid, but his hand continued to shake. Frustrated, he slammed the cup onto the table and sighed. Sherlock didn’t flinch.
Sherlock lowered his head and pressed a long kiss against John’s skin, but lightly enough that John could barely feel it. He could feel Sherlock breath against him. John sat up further until he was completely upright, looking down to Sherlock’s bowed head. He moved his left arm and cupped Sherlock’s cheek, and tilted it up. He met Sherlock’s hesitant gaze, and then caressed his cheek with his thumb. Sherlock leaned into the touch, and then turned his head. He pressed his lips to John’s thumb, and then kissed his fingertips one by one.
Sherlock moved forward, keeping John’s leg over his shoulder. John arched upwards slightly to accommodate the position of his leg. Sherlock lowered himself onto John’s chest, and pressed his lips to the end of John’s neck, above his collarbone. His shoulders were tense, as were his hands, but he continued the kiss, and relaxed noticeably. His face softened with relief, and then a tinge of surprise. John couldn’t keep still any longer. He sat up and lowered his leg; Sherlock was slightly below him with his head by John’s abdomen. John took Sherlock’s face between his hands and held him to his forehead. Sherlock pressed against him and exhaled slowly.
He reached down and began to prepare Sherlock. He suddenly paused before he could press in a finger and leaned back enough to stare at Sherlock.
Not a big deal, having to put you in cold water, hoping your temperature goes down, and that you wouldn’t seize and die while I slept. But as you said. It’s just ‘all this’.”
“I…” Sherlock suddenly withdrew his hands, and seemed shyer. “I wish I had been here. When you woke up,” he clarified. “I was with Victor.”
John swallowed nervously. “It was going to be. But it doesn’t have to be now. I know we’re on a case.”
Sherlock took him to bed and dressed him in fresh pajamas. John refused to put a shirt on, and instead pulled the sheet over his clad torso. He whimpered from the moment and looked at Sherlock.
“Then talk to me!” John snapped back. He winced from his tone, but Sherlock didn’t, and finally looked at him, albeit with a hard expression and lacking his earlier concern. John stared back at him, softer.
“Go after him, John!” Sherlock groaned and slowly pulled himself up. Satisfied for now, John turned on his heal, but was greeted with a thorough punch to the jaw. He fell back, and regained his footing and lunged at the man. The man fell onto his back and wrestled form John’s grip.
John slowly nodded. “I didn’t answer before, but…I would take what I have at the moment, and hold onto it for dear life.” John’s voice hitched, and he inhaled slowly, attempting to calm himself down.
He handed John the cup of medication, and then dropped the tray suddenly. John jerked away and took the medication from him. The man knelt down, picked up the tray, and then uttered, “don’t take it.” He left without another glance. John looked at him oddly as he walked away, and then looked at his medication. He placed the pills in his hand and popped them into his mouth, only to hide them under his tongue. He had always been obedient with his medication that no one checked to make sure he had swallowed it. He grabbed a tissue from the table and quickly spat them out and tossed the tissue away before anyone came closer.
John sat forward. “Now I shower off this hospital scent and sleep comfortable in your bed for a week.”
John slowly pulled himself out of Sherlock’s hold, and leaned back against the pillow. He avoided Sherlock’s gaze, but briefly forgot what he was going to say when Sherlock trailed his thumb down his cheek, wiping away the remnants of tears.
“Sher—” John choked. Sherlock whipped around and hurried forward, stopping just beside the edge of the bed.
“When you walked in just now, the comment you mumbled suggested you trained at Bart’s, and you clearly know Mike, so army doctor, obvious. Ignoring all that, there’s the stethoscope around your neck I saw earlier. At the pub nothing suggested your profession so it was easy to overlook,” Sherlock concluded and then peered at the shorter man. John was looking at him with…something Sherlock couldn’t name, but immediately blanketed his face and made up his mind.
“You only just got this case an hour ago and seek my help this quick. Must be desperate.” Sherlock voice wasn’t mocking, but annoyed, as if he wasn’t the one being desperate.
Sherlock nodded and pulled the evidence onto the computer screen. Mary settled down on the end of the table and placed a couple of manila folders in front of her. As Sherlock looked over what Anthea had been doing on her phone—only sending emails and looking into private files, Mycroft stepped in, along with another woman.
John flinched. His eyes started to sting and his throat tightened with emotion. He bowed his head further, attempting to hide his glistening eyes and quivering lip.
“Why would—,” Sherlock’s voice shook and he clenched his jaw. Jack cleared his throat, catching his attention. Sherlock looked up and saw Moran whispering to the other man. Sherlock still had the gun in his hand, and he raised it, aiming at them. He pulled the trigger, and the man fell onto his side with a yelp, his hand clutching his side. Moran turned to Sherlock and raised his hands slowly.
John swayed on his feet. How was this possible? Willoughby helped him, he gave him advice, he was sad about George’s death, and about Sherlock…
“I hope this is the last time when I actually want your brother’s interference.” John grimaced as his hands were pulled behind his back and handcuffed. Sherlock’s were as well, and then they were lifted into the van. Sherlock vaguely heard gunshots from behind, and then the door closed and it was pitch black. John’s breathing was ragged, and then heard him muffle and then go still.
He inhaled sharply and looked down. He focused on his feet, straining his eyes until the edges blurred.
“I know, I know,” John said quickly. “It just might help, that’s all…” he trailed off with a mutter.
“Sherlock.” John whispered, shaking the detective gently by the shoulder. “Wake up. It’s just a dream.”
His face must have shown how he was feeling, because Sherlock was raising his hand and cupping John’s cheek before he could react. The touch was comforting, more so than he had felt in a long time. He leaned against Sherlock’s hand and closed his eyes.
John’s cheek burned with the affection, and he craved more. He leaned back far enough to whisper in Sherlock’s ear and leaned into Sherlock’s hand that was resting on his lower back.
Sherlock scoffed and stepped back, the closeness overwhelming. He was sure no one from Scotland Yard had noticed. Apparently, he underestimated one.
John shook his head to clear his thoughts and breathed slowly to calm himself down. After a couple of minutes, John sighed and reached for one of his crutches and slowly stood up. He reached for Sherlock, but the man flinched and took a step back, diverting his gaze to the floor.
“It’ll be all right, John,” Sherlock murmured. John only nodded and took his hand in his, lacing their fingers together. John rubbed the ring on Sherlock’s finger; Sherlock figured it was a calming act, and didn’t move away.
Harry flinched and looked in front of them. Looking back to John, she continued. “Do you…talk to each other?”
John breathed a sigh of relief, but much to his annoyance, couldn’t help but feel even lonelier than ever in the remaining silence.
John licked his lips. “Yes, yes.” He removed his trousers and pants, and then lay down on the bed. Sherlock wheeled to the edge as close as he could, and then John scooted forward.
“No…but she’s especially trained to do anything on that phone. I don’t doubt that’s what she used to hack into the remaining system. Did you see what she was working on, before she got arrested?”
“You want to be careful playing with sentiment and feelings like that Sherlock. Maybe last time you distanced yourself, but now as your relationship…” Mycroft paused, looking for the right phrase. “Has evolved…it’s not just
Sherlock didn’t question John as he was led out of the office and placed in a taxi, which was even more unnerving. Whatever was going on in his head, it seemed he didn’t know what to think of the information he was seeing. John stared out of the window, clenching his fist on his knee during the whole ride.
Quick steps thundered down the stairs, and Sherlock wheeled himself closer and glared at John as he made his way down.
Sherlock eyed John, his expression blanketing with a grim impassiveness. “It was all a lie. I don’t love you and never can, nor will I bother. You’re just a convenience, an adrenaline junkie who’s so pathetically blinded by sentiment that it will sooner or later be the thing that kills you. Like I said before, sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side and I don’t plan on losing. You’re staying here.”
“Here,” Sherlock said and handed John a stripped jumper. John quickly dressed as Sherlock put his trousers and shirt on, and then headed to the sitting room. He put his shoes on, grabbed his coat and went back to John.
John looked at him calmly, an idea popping into his head. He wasn’t exactly clear of it, but looking at Sherlock now, bothered and guilt-stricken, this seemed to be the only solution, however temporary it may be.
It seemed like the hallucination heard him, for he gradually faded again until all that was visible was his face. It grinned.
The nurse looked at him with a slight flicker of suspicion before following with: “Is he a patient—.”
Sherlock stilled in his seat and glanced up at John, his face unexpressive apart from the tiniest flicker of uncertainty.
His heart pounded hard against his chest and he stiffly lowered himself and then he slid off the edge back into the room, crumbling into the chair as he tried to catch his breath. Silent tears streamed down his cheeks, and he didn’t wipe them away. He rocked himself back to forth, slowly, very slowly, catching his breath.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock snapped. He cringed at his tone, and avoided John’s gaze. John helped him back into his chair, and turned off the shower. He stopped in his tracks, and Sherlock glanced up, finding John staring at his wrist.
John sighed shakily and stopped looking around. A nurse wrapped her arm around John and slowly started to lead him back inside the hospital.
They stayed like that for several minutes, John’s tea going cold and the mess upstairs forgotten about.
There was no response, and after quickly searching the flat, John came to the conclusion that Sherlock was out.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Moran nodded at him once, and then turned on his heals, and walked away, before he called over his shoulder. “I hope you don’t mind me staying here while I do it. It’s nice to see some familiar faces from CTU.” He didn’t wait for a response, and walked down the hall, Kim following close behind.
Sherlock creased his brows slightly, finding himself at a sudden loss of words. “You, er, work here now?” he managed to say.
He hung up and then Sherlock put his phone away. He stared at the darkened street; the crowds of passerby’s increasing further down the street. He got lost in though, recalling on the past few months, and broke out of his reverie when he felt strong hands encircle around his waist.
song lyrics are italicizes with quotations while thoughts are just italicized; the lyrics in this chapter are from Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol (for those Grey fans, I'm so sorry!)
Sherlock shushed him softly. “Shh John don’t think that. You’re right. I should have stayed. I’m…I’m sorry.” His hands fidgeted by his sides and he raised them, adjusting the coat to be tighter around John. John stepped forward and ducked his arms around the other man’s waist. Standing on his toes to reach, he snuggled his nose into Sherlock’s neck, who snuggled into John’s as well, tightening their embrace.
“Yes, but don’t fall asleep. I need to call Lestrade. I think we found Dashwood,” John added with a triumphant grin.
Once he made it safely to the lab, he nearly lost himself in analyzing a substance underneath a microscope for his latest case, the itch on his palm the only thing tethering him.His hand curved uncomfortably against the stitches, but it was bearable. They should be taken out soon though, whenever Sherlock got around to it. He’d do it himself but wasn’t completely sure and didn’t want to cause any permanently damage to his hand, if that was possible from a couple of stitches.
It didn’t subside the pain, but the access to oxygen was better. John sighed back against the pillow as another nurse entered the room.
He sat down with a sigh and then lifted his stump—he wasn’t sure what else to call it yet—and placed it on footrest in front of him. What he saw took him by surprise.
Molly shuffled her feet. “It was a heart attack that killed him. And the woman died of a heat stroke. Quite odd really, in the middle winter. But the drug must have overheated her body and his heart must have worked itself too much. I mean, they were fairly healthy up to this point.”
John walked into the sitting room, fully dressed, to see Sherlock already with his cup of tea. John looked to the table beside his chair to see his own, and quietly smiled at Sherlock as a thank you.
“John please save yourself from further embarrassment by your imbecile need to stutter. I’m fine. I’m not
Questions/Concerns/Asks are always welcome. If you want detailed answers that would contain spoilers, message me on tumblr: maeerin.tumblr.com
Sherlock landed on his front in a wide hallway. The bullets had subdued, but he could feel the boat creak and tremble due to the explosion. He stood up, but sudden pain shot through his right side; a bullet must have hit him!
Sherlock flinched and narrowed his eyes. John looked up at him, and slowly let out another laugh, this one softer. Sherlock’s face crinkled slightly, and then he let out a short, softer laugh as well, but it didn’t last.
Sherlock pinned David to the ground and glared furiously at the man. “If John had been killed I would kill you right now. Consider yourself lucky.” He growled at the man beneath him. David paled and resisted from fighting the detective.
“John Watson?” The man spoke up. Sherlock eyed him carefully, realizing his face was eerily familiar.
Despite being a doctor, it came as a surprise to John that he would have to see his prosthetist once a week, at least, and that he will go through many prosthetics because his stump will gradually change in size. John knew the process in amputations—he had assisted on too many to count in Afghanistan, but he never had to deal with the recovery process. The months to come, and then the years to come, would be something entirely different to get used to. And there was no going back, no short cuts, or alternatives. John had sat in the doctor’s office, preparing himself to put on the prosthetic and practice walking, but in fact he had just sat for another thirty minutes after the doctor came in, staring at his stump and a practice prosthetic in the doctor’s hand, as he contemplated what was going to happen.
“Um, sure.” Lucy looked at her mother, who was looking around the room. Satisfied she wasn’t going anywhere, she followed John into the kitchen; John kept the sliding doors open, just in case.
John bristled slightly. “Look, just let me say this. You weren’t revenge,” he began, as if Sherlock’s deep fear had been obvious, and yet it still caught him off guard.
Something seemed to have snapped in Sherlock. He took a step forward and straightened up, and then threw his hands up like his dramatic self.
John walked into the sitting room, spotting Sherlock in his chair, his eyes closed and his fingers tracing the dog tag in his palm. He opened his eyes and spotted John, but instead of a smile, he frowned. He looked at the tag, and then he looked back up, his brows furrowing.
“Maurice Fletcher has been spotted by near the crime scene! Let’s go, John! We can catch up to him.”
Sherlock tensed and glared at him. Stiffly, he got onto his knees, facing the front of the boat and tentatively raised his hands.
John sighed with defeat. Sherlock’s scan actually showed some kind of damage, so he wasn’t being drugged. Not this time.
“Just an idiot,” Sherlock finally spoke aloud. “Seems we’ve gotten used to the criminal mastermind class.” Sherlock’s eyes glistened with a hint of nostalgia, causing John to flinch with a pang of worry. Meeting John’s gaze and reading his expression in an instant, Sherlock softened his expression.
Sherlock didn’t respond. He curled up tightly and faced the back of the sofa, attempting and failing at getting his confusing thoughts and feelings (
John took a deep breath and then lowered himself back into the water. He swarm to where Sherlock had gone, and tried to examine the hole, but the water was too dark for him to see anything clearly as the lights from the boat flickered completely off. John was surrounded by darkness, and fear overwhelmed him.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as Moran laughed with excitement. “Ooh this is getting too good. You both want to die just prove something? Oh, if only Jim was alive to see this.”
“Yeah, It’s quite perplexing. The victim is a 68-year-old man, Dr. George Ellis, found at the bottom of the stairs. Now it had seemed like he had just fallen down, but the family wanted an autopsy, so Molly performed it, and she wasn’t sure what to declare it, accident or murder.”
“All right, page someone for a neurology consult, and call CT and let them know we’ll be coming shortly. Let’s start by warming him up. And start a dose of atropine.”
“There’s one for just sitting,” Sherlock started. “That one, the proprio foot. It’s good for minimal activity but also for stairs and such. When we have a case, there’s that one.” He pointed to the one on the left. It was shaped like the letter J.
“We don’t have time. I need you…to trust me.” Sherlock exclaimed, staring firmly at John. John stared back
“I don’t need a babysitter,” John defended awkwardly. He unclenched his fists and crossed his arms over his chest. “We could have stayed. It was just a slip.”
John inhaled as much as he could as he turned towards Sherlock. He opened his eyes and let out a shaky breath. Sherlock smile at him, relief flooding him now that John was awake.
Sherlock blinked most of the tears away and returned looking into John’s eyes. A movement caught his eye and they widened with horror and dread, and he looked back to John, this time expressing pity. Before John could register the man’s uncharacteristically amount of emotion, a voice spoke from behind.
There was a pause. Murmured voices rose behind the detective; Sherlock turned around and caught John’s face: he was clearly in pain, but despite that his eyes held anger towards the other man. David stood by Mary, showing concern but clearly avoiding John’s glare. Mary whispered to David, their facial expressions tense and on the verge of arguing. They all stopped suddenly, a silence falling upon them. John looked up to Sherlock, and widened his eyes a bit. The others followed his gaze and looked at Sherlock, who appeared to have been staring at them with shocked eyes.
He hung up before he could dwell on it, and inhaled deeply. He knew he was over thinking it; Sherlock was young—too young. Besides, if one of them was to get Alzheimer’s, it would most likely be John—it was in his blood for Christ’s sake!
The man’s head shot up and his eyes darted to Sherlock’s. He stuttered, then shut his mouth closed and looked away.
A couple of tears feel down John’s cheeks. He sniffled and gathered their things whilst holding Rosie in his arms against his hip.
“He’s um, out of surgery, but not out of the woods just yet.” Sherlock whispered, keeping his eyes on her. He remained standing as Mary sat on the sofa.
John cleared his throat, but kept his gaze steady. “I—I heard you shouting. Well, er, I think everyone did. You shouted my name and something about not telling me something. I just—.” John stopped and blinked, focusing his eyes onto Sherlock’s. He gave him a warm grin—comforting and assuring. He swallowed and hesitantly opened his mouth but then closed it, furrowing his brows in thought.
It took a moment to process what was happening, but as John’s eyes widened with horror, and Sherlock’s view started spinning, did he realized he must have trailed off the path and tumbled down some sort of ravine.
But then he remembered Victor. It wasn’t even supposed to have lasted this long. He had run into Victor a few weeks before John’s accident. Sherlock wouldn’t have minded—hell, he probably wouldn’t have cared—if Victor had left then. But he didn’t. Victor stayed; he checked on Sherlock nearly every day for three months. Having his presence turned out to bring back memories from their time at university, and then Sherlock sought his comfort during the difficult times.
Sherlock bit his lip hesitantly and raised his head, his eyes focused on the wall just above John’s head. “I don’t—I think we should…wait.”
Sherlock glared at his brother and looked away. “It won’t change anything. Just because I did it for him doesn’t mean anything.”
“I love you too.” Sherlock blurted out. He left his mouth hanging open for a moment before closing it tightly. The men were in and out quickly; then the two were left alone suddenly, the silence only increasing.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John scoffed. “You’re not, you’re not sure. You’re hoping he’s coming, but Sherlock, how can he possible know our locations? He may know we’ve been kidnapped—.”
John sighed and reached over with his eyes closed, picked up the phone from the bedside table, and then lazily tossed it by Sherlock’s resting head. Sherlock peaked at the screen with a blurry gaze. Barely a breath later, Sherlock was out of bed, the sheets discarded to the side as he already started pacing out of the room.
“The recording is scratchy, and John’s voice is skipping too fast on certain syllables that was an attempt to have him say words he never actually said. Clearly been tampered with. But yours is original, is it not?”
Sherlock stilled and looked over John’s shoulder. John turned around, and saw a man staring at them.
“All right, John. Just take the handle above you, and we’ll help you lift yourself. This still may feel uncomfortable.”
“Let’s see if I can help,” John purred deeply. He slid his hand through the waistband of Sherlock’s pants, and gave his flaccid cock a long gently pull.
Sherlock tried to pull his best-affronted expression, but was cut off when John leaned back in and kissed him deeper, more passionately than the former one.
Sherlock looked down at it on his chest and then looked up at John, bewildered. “What are you doing?”
John released his hand hesitantly and reached the bedside table drawer. He took out a pen and handed it to Sherlock. Sherlock uncapped it and began writing on his hand.
John sent out a quick text of gratitude, and then hurried and hailed a cab. He reached Bart’s within minutes behind Sherlock, and headed to the entrance. Molly was just heading out, and nearly bumped into him.
The hallucination was still there, by the door, looking directly at John. It was talking, but John blocked it out what felt like hours ago. He stayed by the window, looking out for any sign of life on the docks. He could have sworn he saw a flurry of long legs and a flaying coat, but after a couple more minutes, everything remained still.
They closed the doors and were off immediately. John refused to have any painkillers during the ride, and lowered his gaze to their interlocked hands. He furrowed his brow after a moment, and slowly looked up at Sherlock.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened, but when he spoke, his voice vibrated with confidence, contrasting with John’s earlier high-pitched giggle. “Then let’s take this to the bedroom.”
Sherlock snapped his phone shut and clenched his fist around it. Gentle arms encircled his waist from behind, and John pressed his forehead against the space in between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
John’s eyes widened just as he felt strong hands lift around his waist and dragged him to the entry.
“I have people keeping an eye on both of you. This visit to the hospital wasn’t scheduled, we had limited time to—.”
John inhaled deeply, and he immediately felt relieved. His posture was still stiff, but his stance was stabilizing and he was starting to feel warmer. It didn’t take him long to realize what had happened, and he let out a shaky breath, swallowing down the tightness in his throat.
John sighed and lowered his voice, becoming steadier with defeat and resentment. “And now it’s probably back. And I don’t think I can take it again. Not knowing if I’m really talking to you or not, or maybe…maybe you are actually dead and I’m just going crazy all over again.”
Kim nodded. “He said his name, and was honest. So far he’s recalled the past twelve hours, the first seven a near perfect match to the recording from earlier. He said when he woke up later this evening, Bauer had been in the window, and quietly ushered him outside at gunpoint. He didn’t know who he was or what he wanted until Bauer drove away. He didn’t mention the manila folder.”
“Good…” Victor trailed off, and seemed hesitant in what he was about to say. John silently wished he would hurry up; he was getting really tired.
A sudden explosion from the back of the boat sent John to the floor. He groaned as he lied there for a moment. The explosion was strong enough to cause miniature leaks throughout the boat. The boat trembled and the lights flickered dimly. Fortunately, the damage wasn’t strong enough to sink the boat.
Sherlock was at the table, looking at one of his experiments. His back was tensed, and his eyes were too intently focused that John knew he was entirely aware of John’s presence, and not at all on whatever was on the slide. John hovered by the entrance, and then headed to the counter.
John’s eyes shot open and he was face to face with Sherlock. His eyes were wide and his mouth was moving, but John could only process his name being shouted in his face, so he inhaled again, his vision blurring as he swayed in the detective’s arms.
The hallucination remained impassive, apart from his eyes, which were now glistening. The image grew fuzzy, and John began to panic.
Sherlock tapped his fingers impatiently on the desk as Mary worked beside him, typing at record speed on her laptop and occasionally murmuring information back and forth to those around her.
Sherlock had his arms crossed protectively over his chest while he tentatively paced the room in front of John’s bed, unsure of what to do. He froze in his pace and took one last look at his friend before rushing out of the room past Mycroft, rushing down the hall, and then breaking into a run out the doors.
John sighed and lay against the pillow, silently conflicted. He gave in to exhaustion and fell back into slumber.
John yelped and stepped back. He stared at the reflection and felt a surge of anger overcome him. Ignoring the concerned calls on the other side of the door, John raised his fist and slammed it into the mirror. again and again. It shattered the third time, and then fell apart into the sink and onto the floor, stained with blood.
John laughed and began to speak, only to have his lips sealed by Sherlock’s. John sighed against him and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling themselves close and pressing their chests against each other. The cool air shivered John’s exposed skin, but the warmth that trailed down his from his lips to his neck, and then waist and groin, was worth the contrast.
John hovered by the door; Sherlock began heading towards the stairs but then paused and turned around.
He heard John sigh but remained seated, and focused on his blogger’s breathing for several minutes as it calmed him down into a light sleep.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John’s eyes widened, and his stunt on the window momentarily vanished from his mind. “For what?” he managed in a hoarse whisper.
John was unconscious. But his subconscious wasn’t. It was like he was stuck between living and drowning, visioning something like a dream. He couldn’t move or swim away; he was hovering in the middle of the “in between”: above him he could sense the surface, and below him was darkness. Dark blue and grey surrounded him, and that was it. Well, apart from the hallucination hovering in front of him.
John remembered everything that happened that night. His sore fists didn’t let him forget it for one thing, let alone allow him to soothe his guilt and embarrassment. He remembered seeing Mary coming towards him, sitting down, smiling innocently and carefree. He remembered hearing
In late March 2014, Sherlock had come back from the dead, taking John by surprise. He had been furious, but slowly things began to settle between them. One thing Sherlock noticed but never brought up was the fact that John never left his sight. From then on to the middle of summer, John would barely be gone for half an hour. After they had finally gotten together, John had confessed—somewhat—and said he had been afraid he’d be gone too long and Sherlock would disappear, and his miracle would become a nightmare. Sherlock had held him tightly, assuring him until they both fell asleep that he was staying for good, and had no intention of his leaving his friend alone again.
“Take me back to the house,” Sherlock said as he started to wheel himself back to the path. John hesitated for moment, not expecting Sherlock’s tone, and then hastily packed up.
Sherlock stared at John. With a mere glance of the room and back at John, Sherlock nodded once in understanding. His eyes were full of sympathy, but John saw it as pity and stepped towards the detective, his face reddening with anger and his fists clenched tightly at his sides.
It seemed trivial; of course his leg wouldn’t grow back and he would have to adapt and change his lifestyle. John
Someone had come in a few minutes later though, and was wearing a whole bodysuit and a large helmet over his head. John scoffed, and reminded himself that he wasn’t contagious, but other people were to him, so he had taken a few deep breathes, and then with the man’s help, sat up and slowly made it to the chair.
“Fine. But you’re going to look like even a greater idiot when we get the results. And you owe me when we get home.” Sherlock turned around and left without a word to Lestrade.
The inspector looked baffled. “Three bodies in one week, no connection to each other, but they were murdered the same way, located in similar locations. But we have nothing to go on.”
John hesitated, and then sighed. “The longer we’re here, the—well, the risk of infection would increase. I’m already feeling lightheaded—.”
John’s face immediately fell and looked at Mike, who just kept grinning, although he did start to look apologetic.
John opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock took a step back and raised his chin. “I need you to understand that. If you hadn’t followed me into that building, or pushed me out of the way, you wouldn’t be like this—”
He gently cupped the man’s jaw and rubbed his thumb affectionate over his cheekbone. “Sherlock I want you…to look at me. For as long as possible, look at me until your subconscious remembers that I’m right here.”
John didn’t point out the change of subject. “Christmas is in a week; it’d be like a Christmas miracle.” He trailed off into a whisper, and lowered his gaze.
Vanessa gently lifted John’s jumper over his abdomen. John cringed just as Sherlock gasped, his hold on John’s hand slacking. He flickered his eyes over the focal point, and wished he hadn’t. Dark blue and purple bruising covered his right side from the tip of his hip towards the belly button and upwards, fading just below his pectoral.
John sounded out the word, and slowly produced it, starting out as a sigh and ending with a vibrated m.
“It’ll be our first dance as a married couple,” Sherlock pointed out in his tone when pointing out the obvious. “Surely you should be the one to insist this. Now come along.”
Sighing again, but this time with anticipation, John picked up the key and carefully placed it to the handcuffs’ lock. It clicked open.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and pulled out his phone. He knew he needed Mycroft to come back, before any permanent damage was done. Mary spoke behind him, her voice hesitant.
“You think it’s always him. You put him as a priority, and yet you couldn’t stay with him. I managed to convince you easily that he wasn’t going to wake up, and you left him. Without much protest.”
“I’m sure it can be managed,” Sherlock said as he opened the front door and sped up the stairs. He was alone in the flat for only a moment, realizing just how messy it was before John stepped in. The man was quick on his feet, especially without the cane.
“Clearly I won’t be a high class chef,” John replied. Sherlock stepped forward and pulled his lover into an embrace. John was startled, but after a second he wrapped his arms around the taller man, tightening the embrace.
Sherlock nodded and then took another hesitant step forward until he was close enough he could wrap an arm around his blogger. But he didn’t.
John stood up roughly and led Sherlock away from the fire and emergency responders. “I can’t explain it right now. I’m doing something—.”
Lucy shook her head. “My father went through everything they had, but couldn’t find any. He took her off her medication for a brief time, not long enough it would be dangerous, but the symptoms didn’t stop.”
Comments truly keep me writing. Thank you everyone who's left comments and kudos. 100 already means so much to me! THANK YOU and stay tuned ;)
The man began to shake uncontrollably; his whole body twitched violently as saliva drooled down from the corner of his mouth. Sherlock hurriedly laid his lover sideways onto the floor and gently held his neck and head as stable as he could.
A shiver ran down John’s back. “How can I—Sherlock, I love you and I always will. I’ve loved you for…
John groaned as he lied on his back, and beside him, Sherlock was still, lying on his side. Panicking, John rushed to his side and looked at Sherlock’s face. There weren’t any visible cuts, but he knew there could be internal damage. Trying not to think of the possibilities, John searched for a pulse, found one, and then reached for his phone.
Sherlock gulped and hesitantly stood from his chair and made his way to his blogger until he was standing behind him. “I’m sorry John.” The detective murmured.
The consulting detective eyed the room swiftly in one glance, counting up to only four possibilities for the end of the night. All he wanted was a shag, a
Mary had miscarried the baby a few months before, and though both had been devastated, it was soon revealed John hadn’t even been the father. It had been David’s, who had even felt to blame John. Out of grief, John had practically thrown him out when he had come back to see Mary. But much to Sherlock’s dismay, John had stayed with her, claiming that after losing a baby even if it turned out not to be yours, it was normal to grieve. Sherlock hadn’t asked too much about John’s reasoning with staying with Mary; it would have been a not good questioning their grief. It vaguely reminded him of their first case together, which further kept him quiet.
He watched Sherlock shuffle his feet; he was unsure about something—hesitant, nervous? John sighed and prepared to lie back down, when Sherlock gently cupped his jaw and cheek and tilted it upwards.
Sherlock looked towards Harry and raised a questioning eyebrow, silently insisting that they have some privacy. She scoffed softly as she squeezed John’s good shoulder and then left, a small grin forming on her lips. A few minutes passed when they were still locked into an embrace, when Sherlock noticed John had fallen asleep in his arms. He gently unwrapped himself from the smaller man and laid him back down to the pillow. Sherlock leaned back to sit back down but then quickly without really thinking about what he was doing, leaned forward again and pressed a lingering kiss to John’s forehead. His lips lingered slightly as a tear escaped the detective’s eyes and slide down his check onto John’s forehead. He removed his lips and rested his forehead against his friend’s before leaning back and sitting down, taking John’s hand into his own in the process.
“Go ahead and practice some more,” the prosthetist said. “Alex will be here shortly, and then you’ll be done for the day.”
John nodded. “Ellis documented some symptoms and seemed to had written down his own thoughts. He came to a conclusion just before he died that his wife was being poisoned, and the Alzheimer’s was just a misdiagnosis.”
Sherlock slowly walked in, gaping and in shock, as his eyes trailed from Victor to John’s chest to the heart monitor, where the beats were far apart—to far apart to be considered beating on his own. He looked back to Victor, and noticed he was out of breath, his arms straining and his body exhausted as he compressed John’s heart.
John stepped back and stood by the table. Sherlock was facing the fireplace, feeling pathetic as seconds ticked back.
John was rushed into surgery before Sherlock could follow him into the A&E. Lestrade was running up to him from behind, and started speaking, but Sherlock wasn’t processing any of it.
Sherlock’s eyes widened with alert. He looked at John and prepared to stand back up if he needed to.
“Your skin is cold, John,” Sherlock said. “You’re having trouble breathing, and your nauseous.” He raised an eyebrow, but John only furrowed his.
Sherlock smirked, and wheeled to the stairs. He froze. He hadn’t even thought about it, and realizing it now felt like a slap in the face.
Sherlock was bored, so bored he felt like exploding would suffice, however a dull thing to do, but at least it would be something. He needed some kind of release now or he felt he
Doctor Grey pushed Sherlock aside and aided John as he seized. It was quicker than the others, but as it lasted, Sherlock hovered by, panicking. It came to a halt and then Grey began preparing John for transport. “He can’t wait any longer! Let’s go!”
“I corrected her by the way,” John mumbled. “About us…fucking,” he said awkwardly, as if trying to lighten the mood.
John huffed with annoyance and shot Sherlock a look. Sherlock refused to meet his eye and instead glared at his brother. “We’ve been a little busy.” He snapped.
Sherlock blinked at him. His breathed in deeply, choosing his words carefully. When he spoke, his voice was hesitant yet soft. “It wasn’t about that, John. I had planed it before you left.”
John sighed, and even though he was tired, he thought of a way to convince Sherlock, at least tonight, that he didn’t blame him, no matter what his dreams were about. Alex had done this to his leg already, but there might be a way for Sherlock to do it.
“I keep hurting you—,” he whispered so quietly, John only heard him because he was just close enough to do so. He leaned back and cupped Sherlock’s jaw a little firmer and nearly made him look at him. Sherlock met his gaze less reluctantly than a moment ago, and he shuddered.
“Oh please, a villain doesn’t reveal his plans, not until the very end, right when you’re on the edge,” he whispered the last few words maliciously with his singsong voice. “Besides, that’s the final problem. Our problem.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, but relaxed his grip and continued walking down the hall, holding the gun steady in his free hand.
John’s heart panged and he tightened his hold around Sherlock. He didn’t know what to say, but he knew he wanted to be as close with Sherlock as possible, and knew Sherlock wanted that too.
“Hang in there, Watson,” James Sholto’s voice yelled. John blinked rapidly against the pain, his eyes burning against the sun and sand flying in all directions, scraping his skin.
Sherlock barged in a second later. John was shaking violently. He glanced at himself in the mirror and groaned. His cheeks were red; his hair was disheveled, and there was vomit still on his lips. He retched again, the bile burning his throat. His injured arm was straining against the sling, while the sling slipped up his chest and pressed his Adam's apple. John choked and coughed. Sherlock came up to his side and rubbed his back.
Sherlock avoided his eyes and swiftly removed his coat and draped it around John’s shoulders. John kept his gaze steady and stern as he allowed the detective’s kindhearted act to take place.
“You’d better fucking wake up, Sherlock,” he said, and the he straightened up and continued shaving. “And yeah, I know, Rosie wouldn’t have understood any of that, crude or not, but still. I’m serious, Sherlock.” He glared at him lightly and leaned away.
John sighed and blinked tiredly. He slowly removed his left hand from his right side and reached for Sherlock. Sherlock interlocked their hands without question, and squeezed it reassuringly. John removed his right arm, giving access to his abdomen. He avoided their gazes, and looked down at his hand in Sherlock’s.
