Clint managed a smile, though he still couldn't quite get comfortable with the idea. For one, he was pretty sure he didn't need anything that would reinforce his fixation on Nat. For another, he wasn't sure that fixation really existed anymore. Reminding himself he had a breakfast to make, he peeled himself away from Phil after he stole one more kiss. He tossed the bacon in the skillet, poking at it as he waited for it to cook. "How do you like your eggs?" he asked, catching the first pieces of toast as they popped up and quickly dropping them on a plate before adding a couple more.
"I think it might take me at least a half hour to eat breakfast," Tony decided, running his fingers through Steve's hair and clearly not intending to get up anytime in the immediate future. He would have been reluctant to get up at any rate, but the possibility that he might very well be going into a true shitstorm in the next few days with no assurance of survival made it damned near impossible to resist the chance to steal every last second with Steve that he could. "And I promise not to kill Fitz-Simmons. I might completely destroy their sense of self worth, but that's another story."
If Tony hadn't been steady on his feet and his eyes hadn't been perfectly clear - //and warm, and brown, and beautiful// - Steve would have thought that the other man was drunk out of his mind. He knew he must have looked like a deer in the headlights, struck by the uncomfortable thought that Tony had somehow read on his face the dreams he'd been having, the rampant fantasies he couldn't shake.
Scott grinned up at her and, with Logan positioned behind her, sank to the floor and hooked his thumbs beneath her panties. He dragged them down, kissing his way up Natasha's thigh. While she braced herself on his shoulders and by leaning back into Logan's chest, Scott licked carefully at the woman's clit. He loved the sound of her breath catching, and the way her hips rolled sinuously.
Victor seemed amused. "Look at that. He's worried for you, suit," he said, glancing back at Clint. "He thinks I'm gonna kill you. He might be right. But first..." He let go of Phil. Messing with the man directly wasn't getting the level of response he wanted. It was obvious that the archer was Coulson's weak spot. "C'mere, little bird." He reached for Clint again, claws snagging in what was left of the man's undershirt.
Clint drew himself up a little. "Sounds like something I could help with. What do you say, Coulson? Think we can sneak out and find Logan's old team?" He was done with sitting on his ass. He was about ready to wade hip-deep through whatever goons Loki had gathered up and turn them into pincushions. Since no one knew where the bastard was, they'd have to settle for next best: gathering allies. He knew it'd piss Fury off, but it wouldn't be the first time he'd gotten yelled at. Hawkeye knew his value and just how much Fury would put up with him. He'd pushed it leaving Natasha alive when they first met, but he figured she'd paid that 'lapse' off in Fury's eyes already. //Time to borrow against my rep all over again.//
"Love you too. So fucking much," Scott answered, his filter more or less gone. It had less to do with being too hot and bothered to think and more to do with the fact that he wanted Logan to know that there weren't any stops on. When they were together, Logan got everything - good and bad. He met Logan's gaze, his own eyes dark and in the dim light of the apartment. "I want you to leave a mark or two." It went without saying, really, or he hoped it would, but Scott was tired of looking at his fading bruises and having no idea who'd made them. He wanted something that made him Logan's again, a mark that he could see and feel to remind him that he belonged to someone.
Logan was there a moment later, Scott in tow, and he looked around at the small gathering. Not much left. "Please tell me we've heard somethin' from Asgard."
//She even tastes good,// Scott mused as he licked and sucked, working to exploit every advantage in his arsenal. There was no reason not to get Natasha off as often as possible. Given the way she was riding the waves with her hips, Scott suspected she wasn't going to hold out for long. He was good at paying attention to what she liked, and Natasha obviously didn't have any issue with moving herself to get just the right angle.
Steve chuckled at that. "Just remember, I usually prefer to wear clothes while sitting in lab chairs. Hygiene. Besides, not to be conceited, but I don't think you'd get a whole lot of work done if I happened to be sitting there naked." He set the wine glass aside - it was mostly empty anyway - in favor of tangling his fingers in Tony's hair. He never got tired of the way it waved and curled in patterns that were as random as the man himself. "As it is, getting through briefings with you fully clothed is distracting some days."
"We couldn't get any more than we had," Bruce reminded her gently. "Remember? It was creating too much interference." He frowned. "My fault, really. That we decided to keep Clint from using it again. I thought we were going to protect everyone. Just like I thought I was protecting Steve by not helping with the serum." He sighed, then smiled ruefully. "Guess it's time I learned to quit being such a mother hen, huh?"
"Beer," Clint rasped, sagging onto a barstool and watching Coulson prepare their drinks. He was glad that Coulson, for whatever reason, had suggested a drink. Clint was usually a solitary person. He handled problems on his own, he sulked over things on his own, he had hobbies that involved lots of time spent alone. Typically, if he was pissed or scared or just moody, he chose to hide away in his room or a tent at a campsite rather than talk to someone. But right now, he needed someone who had some inkling of what was going on with him. As the bottle of stout was set in front of him, the archer took it with still-trembling fingers and dragged it closer to himself on the bar. He sipped at it before looking at Phil. "Thanks." He meant it in more ways than one. But he wasn't exactly great at talking about feelings.
Tony immediately cut Bruce off. "Nothing workable," he snapped, managing to run over Bruce's foot with his wheelchair. The other scientist hopped off, cursing and doing deep breathing exercises.
Logan, claws at the ready, didn't bother with platitudes. "Bruce, you're the one not made outta metal. Got a feelin' you're gonna be the one finishin' this," he warned. He lunged at Magneto, though wasn't terribly surprised when the other mutant stopped him mid-tackle.
"Gotta give him credit. For a nerdy freak accident, he's got a lot of guts." Tony leaned in to press a quick kiss to Steve's lips. As he drew back, the suit closed over his face, replacing Tony Stark with the visage of Iron Man. "Let's have some fun, huh?" Without waiting for a reply, Tony did a swan dive from the back of the plane. "Jarvis, thrusters?"
It took very little motivation to get Darien on board. He reached for Clint's belt and was dragging it open and tugging down his pants and underwear in a heartbeat. Maybe he was in over his head, but he knew what he was doing. He doubted he could show Clint up, but he could definitely surprise him. Darien's mouth was on the other man's hardening cock before Clint had a chance to order the move. He sucked every last inch into his mouth and let his tongue play over the head as he withdrew. Normally Darien would have stopped to make at least one smartass remark, but the warning glint in Clint's eyes told him that would be a very bad call.
"Maybe it doesn't matter who you were before," Steve answered earnestly. "What matters is the man you are now and the choices you make from here." He ducked his head, suddenly sheepish. "Sorry. Tony always tells me I sound like a cheap recruitment poster when I talk like that." Instead of saying more, Steve tucked into his food. As always, the fare was filling and well cooked. He liked even more that the restaurant's atmosphere was quiet and laid back with none of the bustling, overwrought energy that infused the rest of the city. "Maybe the two of us should go out to a bar or something. We did pretty well with the waitress."
Clint nodded, trying to focus a little. "That's fair," he allowed, smirking impishly at Phil nonetheless. "I'll take it easy on you this time." It was a bluff, of course. Much as he wanted to through Phil down and commit all kinds of public indecency with the man, he also didn't want to cheapen what they had. It was amazing just spending time with Phil. Relaxing. The only other times Clint felt as centered was when he was at the range or meditating. The idea of an actual human being making him feel so calm would take some getting used to, but it was certainly a welcome change.
"I never overestimate anything," Clint countered. "If the situation had gotten out of control, Bucky Barnes would have found an arrow in his chest." He made it clear he was not playing around where Phil's safety was concerned. Clint glanced over his shoulder, giving the infirmary doors an uneasy look. "I wish they could find someone else to babysit."
Leaving the base and clearing his head sounded pretty good. "Yeah. Sure. That would be nice." Scott rose and stretched. "Let me grab a shower, and then maybe we can change the sheets when we get back." He didn't want any reminders either, and his senses weren't as sharp as Logan's. They were too old to think that completely fresh starts were a thing that really happened, but they cared about each other enough to try anyway. He got himself clean in record time and put on jeans and a t-shirt, making a mental note to thank Coulson since he suspected the man was the one who'd filled his drawers with basics, and then rejoined Logan in the living room. "Let's get out of here. I need to breathe some real air for awhile."
Normally Steve was the one championing trying the less violent path, but showing mercy in this situation had only made things worse. They'd lost Tony because they'd been stupid enough to think that turning Loki over to his brother would be enough to keep him away. To Thor, he said, "I wish there were better choices in this, but there aren't. He's too dangerous." He glanced around the table and noted that none of them had really touched their food. "Where's Bruce?"
Though it was instinctive to answer at once, Phil took a moment to think instead of how to answer. It would be a lie to say he hadn't been bothered, and he frankly didn't want to lie to Clint. Instead he said, "I don't think you enjoyed it," the words calm and careful and sure. "Clint, just because he's capable of modes other than brute force and cruelty doesn't make it consenting. You didn't want it, you didn't ask for it." He stroked Clint's hair since he knew how soothing the man found the gesture. They both needed to be soothed. "This is on him, not on you. I hated hearing it, yes, but only because the idea of anyone hurting you makes me sick."
With his own odd sense of chivalry, Tony couldn't help but try and calm Steve down. "Sure he would've. I mean, she's kinda Barton's thing, right? I mean, as much as she is anyone's. The whole affair thing and cheating sensat-"
Tony smiled faintly. "Long as it's with you, I don't really care," he assured as they slipped out of the shower. He couldn't resist snatching the towel away before Steve could grab it so that he got to enjoy drying them both off. "And, y'know, while you're reassuring yourself that I'm not a case of the crazies, I'll be not getting more than three feet away from you, so there's that." He pressed his lips to Steve's jaw as he closed the distance between them again. "I nearly lost it when I thought I was never gonna see you again." //Or maybe I actually did lose it for a second. Or a few days.//
"I'll clean up breakfast, then it's back to meetings." Pepper sounded exhausted just talking about it. "People keep telling me they'll be happy to wait. I think waiting would be worse. I'd rather do it all. I'd rather do every last bit of it right now."
"Universal access." Clint didn't seem overly concerned, even though he likely should have been. He was feeling brave with Nat there to back him up. "It's Loki."
"I knew I liked you." Phil poured himself a cup and appraised Clint carefully. "Thanks to you, this one may even live."
Tony opened his mouth, then shut it. Bruce wasn't going to budge. At least not right then. Tony was already hatching a way to make sure Steve was with him the next time they talked. He was hoping a sympathy angle might help.
Scott laughed aloud at the mental image and then kissed Logan until his knees felt weak. "I'd like that. Maybe if it's true I can actually help get Natasha back." Whatever role he'd incidentally played in her continued captivity, Scott wanted to make amends. "I want to be able to do something. Y'know, apart from you."
"Tony." The syllables were controlled, quiet, and sharp all at once. It was rare that the man's name was all it took to shut him up, but Bruce had a way of making himself heard. Patient, dark eyes drifted up to Tony's face. "You said you wouldn't until this was done. Even though you already have my answer, I at least expect you to leave me alone until we're done with the whole Loki thing."
Tony wiped his mouth on the back of his hand and grinned, gingerly moving back to Steve's side. "I think I could get on board with that," he decided. Much as he enjoyed having Steve fuck him senseless, he was very interested to try the other side of equation. He sagged against his lover. "Maybe we could talk to medical tomorrow, find out for sure when they can unstitch me. I mean, it's gonna be hard to step on Creed's throat if they won't let me out of a wheelchair." He paused, cocking his head to one side. "Maybe I could make a wheelchair version of the suit...."
"Well, if it isn't, it's gonna be awkward," Tony observed with a smirk. "Maybe that kind of thing's okay in Asgard? Like ancient Egypt?" Getting a look, Tony shrugged. "I'm trying to make it less awkward!" He sighed and rolled his eyes. "Alright, fine. I have no idea. I'm sure you're right. All things considered, I'm surprised they're okay with being in the same room together. I'm sure they're not... uh... yeah."
Tony barely paid the two any attention. He was still fixated on Steve. "I'm going with you." When Steve looked ready to protest, Tony gave him a stone cold stare of determination, one he rarely wore and even more rarely pointed at anyone he didn't hate. "If you're about to shuffle yourself off this mortal coil, I'm going to be there with you for every last second you're still with us." He wheeled himself to the door. "Coulson, bring your crazy sniper. We might need backup if things go weird. Let's go."
Simmons nodded her agreement. It was a sobering idea to realize just how alone and lost in the world Loki might be. "He and Thor were... well, they weren't killing each other. That might be good." She hoped it was good. He needed an ally, and since Tony would be spending all his waking hours with Steve, she suspected, that more or less left Thor unless Bruce decided to take him up as a pet project. "I'm not sure I'm quite ready to ask him to stay for movie night - we should set up a movie night, by the way - but, no, I don't think we should give him a more difficult time than need be."
Clint was on his feet in a second, then fighting to keep from throwing up a moment later. The blow to his head had definitely taken its toll. He staggered and leaned back against the wall, trying to keep from hyperventilating.
A quick cab ride later Steve was setting two boxes down just inside Tony's door. He realized belatedly that he should have asked Tony which room was best to take before he left, but he'd been so ready to make an exit that he'd completely forgotten. "Tony?" he called out tentatively.
"I really wouldn't expect that from Captain America. Seems a little... evil," Tony observed, but smiled nonetheless. "As for vacation spots... Paris? Iceland? Germany? Or maybe something tropical, like Fiji?" He shrugged. "Or we could just find the most remote cabin in Colorado and hide for a few months. If be alright with that."
Steve sucked in a breath and then let it out, relaxing as Tony slowly entered him. It was entrancing watching Tony's dark eyes flash. He was too caught up in how good it was to register the intensity of the insistent pressure. Steve kept focused on Tony. He watched his lover, felt the heat of his body above and inside him. Soon Steve couldn't stay quiet. Soft moans escaped him. His legs rose to wrap tightly around Tony's waist, clutching him close.
"Thank you," Coulson glanced down at the woman's name tag, "Nancy." He felt better knowing that Natasha's life wasn't in immediate danger, but it made him no less terrified about what might have happened to her mind. "Clint said she was barely conscious when he found her, and she passed out not long after. Logan, any light you can shed?" He was the only other person who knew what it was like to have Loki walking around in his head in that way. Unfortunately Phil suspected that Natasha had been far less accommodating.
Logan somehow doubted that Nat would be all that happy to see him, if she remembered what had happened. He felt a little guilty, hoping that Loki had done something to make sure she didn't. "Let's go on up. I'm sure Barton and some others'll be up there. They could probably use some company." //And I'm pretty sure I could stand to not be sittin' around, waitin' for somethin' to happen.//
Something in Bucky’s tone set Steve’s nerves on edge, but he tried to shrug it off. What Hydra did wasn’t Bucky’s fault. The Winter Soldier was a different person for all intents and purposes no matter what the rest of the team seemed to think. The way much of the team was avoiding him, it was starting to feel like Bucky was the only one truly on his side.
"Fuck. You did survive," Tony murmured, still struggling to make out the god's outline. His eyesight was coming back, but it was slow. And looking at things hurt like hell. "You look like shit. What I can see of you." Behind his bluster, though, Tony's blood had turned to ice in his veins. He was pretty sure that being dead would have been a more comfortable outcome. His heart sank when he realized that Steve probably thought that he was dead. "I'm pretty sure that messing up my mind would only be slightly more tragic than messing up my face."
Tony raised his eyebrows and his hands and shook his head with that same smug grin. "Lips're sealed," he smirked.
Steve chuckled but didn't take long to enjoy the humor. He had work to do - very pleasant work. It amazed him to see Tony coming apart. It was one thing knowing he was attractive in an objective sense and another thing entirely to be capable of turning Tony into a whimpering mess. He languidly sucked the head only of Tony's cock into his mouth and felt the man's thighs spasm beneath his hands. That encouraged Steve to take more, though he let nothing hurry him. Finally when he could feel the tension in Tony building to the breaking point, Steve reached for the man's hands and placed them at the back of his head, silently giving him permission to take what he wanted.
Humans were really quite easy. He felt foolish for overestimating them so thoroughly the first time around. All out war was well and good for fools like his brother, but Loki had more refined means of getting beneath the skin of his enemies. He chuckled to himself. If he had only taken a few simple steps, he could have avoided a great deal of time under Thor's thumb and the embarrassment of that first defeat. Well, the Chitauri's defeat, really.
"Maybe you should slow down just a little, Tony."  Restraint wasn't exactly the man's strong suit. Tony did everything in excess, and it worried Steve sometimes. Tony was too much too fast and too loud all the time, and he wouldn't have changed that for anything. Annoying as it could be, it was what made Tony the man he was. Unfortunately sometimes watching him attempt to self destruct could also be terrifying. Turning back to Logan, he offered a shrug. "He's not wrong. It's done. But would I do it all over again? Even knowing I'd end up here with everybody I ever knew dead and gone or in a nursing home somewhere? Yeah. I would. In a heartbeat."
It was almost eight by the time he got to the lab, and he smiled at the others. "Someone tampered with my alarm," he said, setting the tray of food and beverages out. "I appreciate it."
"Oh, of course! I'm sorry. The serum. We've been working on a way to reactivate the serum. Mr. Stark," she faltered, smile fading, and then continued, "had asked us to. Dr. Banner joined us last night, and he solved the last piece of the puzzle." Simmons opened a small cooling unit and drew out a syringe. "We have a way to reactivate the serum, Captain Rogers."
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve and sighed into the contact. His hands moved over the lean body pressed against his own, but there was less of a disconnect with the kiss. The kiss was still Steve. Maybe not as forceful, but the movement, the tempo, the particular way Steve's tongue slid against his and the way he sighed at the touch were all very familiar. Tony's hands slide down over the blonde's ass, kneading lean flesh as he moaned against soft lips. "Need you," he murmured against Steve's mouth, his hips grinding up against his lover's.
"No problem." It was comforting just to hold the drink. Tony always bought the best, and the sharp, woody scent in the air was soothing. "We'll get them back. If Loki wanted them dead, he wouldn't have taken them. Simple as that." Phil took a seat at the bar next to Clint and offered a faint smile. "We aren't going to start losing to him now."
Clint tossed his head a little at that. "I'll be fine, Coulson," he insisted, crossing his arms over his chest like a kid getting scolded. He didn't argue directly, though. He shrugged a little. "I talk to my partners. They're mostly military. They have to get tested just like we do." Granted, that didn't mean that someone wouldn't lie to him, but... "I'll be fine," he repeated again.
Logan nodded. "Fair enough." He was about to try and think of something to add when Tony saved him from it.
"I think it should be more like we'll definitely have dinner together," Bruce decided, smiling broadly. He'd been running it through his head as they walked how he'd ask for a follow-up date, and he was relieved that Jemma had beat him to the punch. "I know a great Italian place. Not too fancy, but good food." He got the feeling that neither of them wanted to go anywhere with a dress code. Though he was pretty sure he'd be more than happy to see her in sun dresses anytime she cared to wear one. "I think they have a live pianist on Friday nights."
Bucky instinctively flinched at the sight of the needle. His brow furrowed while his expression darkened and beads of sweat glistened on his skin. He tried to concentrate on Coulson's friendly smile, but his vision blurred and the image wavered. Like a bad television signal phasing in and out, everything before Bucky had drowned itself in static. One minute Coulson was standing there, and the next a surgical masked doctor stood in the agent's place. Bucky shut his eyes tight, but all he could see was the Hydra symbol in his mind. He didn't want to go back there, he didn't want to remember. "Wait... stop," he pleaded with Coulson. "I... don't know what's happening... I don't want to hurt you..."
More quietly, he informed Clint, "I'm going to sleep for a month when we get home. After showering for a few hours straight. After that." He shuddered faintly at the thought and then got himself locked down again.
Clint nodded, looking up at Coulson with a weak smile. "I really need a beer right now," he grumbled, standing and sighing. It was way too early in the morning, though, to be drinking, and Fury had explicitly told them to stay sober, to boot. //Damn me and my compulsion to do what I'm told.// He had to give it to Stark: the guy was good at not giving a shit when it came to things like that. Being a man of action, it was tough as hell for Clint to deal with being told he had to wait and see. "So, what do you do at times like this? Because my idea was already shot down."
Logan was relieved and horrified all at once. "I'm sorry. I mean, I know it's not much comfort, but..." He trailed off, feeling awkward. //This is the exact opposite of something I can handle with my skill set.// "I'm just glad you're alive. Kept thinkin' I'd find out you'd..." He trailed off, surprised at himself and how much the idea bothered him. Sure, they'd had their differences. Sure, their last interaction had involved trying to beat each other into the ground, but the idea of Scott winding up dead, especially at the hands of slavers, cut Logan to the quick.
"Huh uh," Phil protested, still sounding dull but sure all the same. "Couch. It's still made up." He gestured vaguely in the right direction before leading Clint over and patting the back of it. He managed a sleepy smile. "But you have to make coffee in the morning. Sleep. I'm gonna sleep. If you... y'know, if you have anymore bad dreams?" Still somewhat out of it, Phil pointed toward his room through the doorway. He stumbled back in that general direction a few moments later, sure that if Clint needed him, he'd be woken when that moment came.
Logan raised an eyebrow. The idea of a taser was almost as laughable as a punch in the jaw, but Logan had to admit he wasn't really interested in that level of pain at the moment. The glint in Nat's eyes was a little unnerving. "I have a feelin' you'll get your wish, from what I've heard about this Loki guy. Thing is, I'm not sure how much good they'll be."
Bruce smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. The two of them were adorable, hickies and near-death experiences - figurative and literal - and all. It was weirdly satisfying to see Tony happy. "You should see me on bingo night. I'm unstoppable."
"Fine, but this better blow my mind." Logan handed over the money. He'd have gladly thrown them everything SHIELD had given him, of course, but he knew it would be too obvious if he didn't haggle a bit.
Thor could see the pain in his brother, and it cut at him, as well. The god silently resolved to himself to talk with his brother when they had privacy. "Brother, perhaps you should take a seat," he suggested gently, gesturing toward an empty chair near one of the consoles.
Natasha did everything that she could to match Logan's pace. Her fingers thrust hard and fast along with Logan's punishing pace, and soon she was moaning aloud, her head tossing against the pillow. Part of it was show, of course, but part of it was the fact that she found herself already close to exploding again.
They rolled up in front of some outdoorsy-looking place that didn't appear to be full of barely post-pubescent kids, and Logan nodded his approval. "I'm more used to Goodwill, but this'll work," he decided, making a beeline for some button-down shirts. It took some work to find things appropriate for his height that he could actually get an arm through, but he finally managed to get an assortment of shirts. Most of them were in muted plaid colors, but Logan hadn't exactly picked them because they were pretty. He managed to locate some decent undershirts and a  couple pairs of jeans as well. He started for the checkout counter, then held them up for Steve to look over. "As someone slightly less fashion-challenged than me, whaddaya think?"
Bruce tensed as Tony slid an arm around his shoulders and shook him companionably. "Tony, I don't think our new friends really want to meet the big guy in person, so - "
"I'd be more offended if I felt like this guy was my brother in any sense but your freakin' paperwork," Logan replied. Looking at Creed, he could vaguely see the family resemblance. Which made him want to kill the guy all the more, considering what he'd done.
Phil blinked, momentarily too stunned by the burst of familiarity to say anything, and then managed a smile. "Right. Yes, that would be me," he agreed. It was somehow a great deal more mortifying to be standing half naked in the gas station with someone he almost knew, but he was too grateful for the civilization to care. "Could I borrow your phone?"
Scott raised his eyebrows but didn't bother commenting. "I think I can follow that rule pretty easily." Scott enjoyed PDA, but only when it came to romantic gestures. Sex was a behind closed doors activity so far as he was concerned, and the threat of getting caught wasn't a turn on, it was something that made his hands sweat and his eye twitch. Scott slid his hand across the table to grasp Logan's firmly. They got a couple of looks from big bruiser types, but none of those bruisers looked like they really wanted to start something with Logan. "I never considered it before, but I guess if I'm going to go into bars and hold my boyfriend's hand, there are some pretty sizable advantages to having a boyfriend who looks like he could break most of the guys in the bar in half."
Clint swallowed hard. Nat taking control of a situation always had the same confusing effect on him: he wanted to try and wrest control away from her, and at the same time he wanted to beg her to put him on a leash and make him her pet. He didn't let any of it show, his posture ready but neutral, more befitting a combat situation than their more intimate setting. What he really wanted was to cup her cheek in his hand, kiss her gently, and make love to her all night. Knowing that was out of the question, he carefully placed a hand on her hip and looked into her eyes. "Let me go down on you. For starters," he said, somehow keeping his voice level.
"Come in, please, gentlemen. Agent Coulson, it's excellent to put a face to the voice." Xavier's chair crossed over to them with a touch to a discreet button. He held his hand out to each man in turn. "Jean, would you close the door, please?"
“Maybe we can do this again tomorrow?” He knew it was probably too much too soon, but Steve couldn’t help wanting to spend as much time as possible with Tony. Now that they were on speaking terms and, more than that, had something like the potential for a real future ahead of them, Steve was eager to keep Tony close. “If you don’t have other plans. Maybe in your apartment next time?” Steve knew that Bucky would probably be home sooner rather than later. He also knew Tony wasn’t ready to deal with that on any level.
"Don't tell anyone, but I actually almost know how to cook." That was an understatement, but Tony didn't want people to start expecting him to actually take care of himself. He let his feet tangle pleasantly with Steve's for a few minutes. Steve's personality was big enough that Tony could easily forget that he'd more or less lost a hundred pounds overnight. "I'll be right back." He returned a moment later with a Pink Floyd shirt and passed it over. It was one of Tony's tighter shirts, but he didn't bother to mention that to Steve. "Here. We'll get you a nice goatee going, and you'll be on track to being a fashion icon in no time."
Clint was grateful that Steve was absorbed in the paperwork Coulson had handed him because the archer couldn't help but stare a little more than was decent at the now-diminutive blonde. //No wonder he was picked on so much before the serum,// Clint thought to himself. He made a point to put his eyes forward, no doubt helped a little by the elbow to the ribs that Nat gave him. He felt bad for Steve. He really did. But he was also pretty terrible at handling things like this with the apparent grace of his fellow Avengers.
"Scott's down the hall," Steve offered, wishing like hell that he could let the two of them be close enough to speak to one another at least but knowing at the same time it was a terrible idea until everything settled. "He seems to be manifesting some of the same issues you did. Clint brought him in." The rest could wait until later. Scott and Logan would need to talk about it themselves. "I'm gonna go see him next. Nat seems coherent, but she's obviously still hurting. We're working on a way to fix it. By we, I mean Bruce and Tony and some SHIELD folks." He smiled faintly and leaned against the door. "The only help I offered was trying to keep Tony from pulling his stitches while they were doing science."
Clint couldn't help but chuckle faintly. "None taken," he said, then quirked an eyebrow. "I'm sure you've seen worse, though. Or did you just go get coffee for those parts when you were watching me?" //Why am I pursuing this line of conversation again? He tried to let me off the hook.// Clint might have been an exhibitionist at times, but it wasn't usually his 'thing' to make people uncomfortable. Still, he couldn't help but wonder just how much Coulson had seen. He was even tempted to ask what the man thought but decided that'd definitely be crossing a few lines.
Steve's polite attempts not to ogle the other man were quickly derailed by Tony bending over in nothing but a towel. It was impossible to pretend that what he was feeling was anything but attraction. The thought was confusing on more than a few levels, so Steve settled for the best solution he could manage on short notice: distracting both of them. "I'm sure it'll be great. Hey, if you don't mind... someday... I'd love to see some family photos. Sound silly, but it's hard to picture Howard with a wife and a kid."
Natasha burst out laughing and then covered her mouth. "Sorry, it isn't... no, actually, it's really funny."
It wasn't an easy trip, but with the help of some reluctant guards who were rather responsive to Natsha’s cold stare, they got Logan upstairs to Scott's room. The bed was still a mess, and Scott tried hard not to think about why. He felt sick to his stomach remembering what he'd done. "If you hear anything about Captain Rogers..."
Tony set his jaw, swallowed hard and nodded. He knew Steve was right. "Alright," he said, sounding defeated and numb. He didn't cry. It wasn't something he did, but there was plenty of fear and hurt and worry in his eyes. "Alright, yeah." He drew back, still hanging onto Steve as well as he could without hindering the man's movements. He led the man to a table and yanked the cloth off an odd shape, revealing the gun.
Tony felt his gut clench at the mention of their tryst, and the anger drained from him almost instantly as he averted his gaze from the god. "Yeah, well, don't bet on a repeat performance. I'm kind of taken, if you didn't notice." Realizing that Loki did, indeed, have one last bit of leverage against him, Tony looked up at the god. "You're keeping your mouth shut, though, right? I'll tell him when it's time. If that time comes." Tony wasn't sure how he'd possibly explain it to Steve. It wasn't as if Loki had really fooled him. He didn't have that excuse. Especially not the second time. The only thing he had was that he'd thought he was going to die, and Tony wondered if Steve could find it in his heart to forgive so flimsy an excuse.
Victor had to agree that words were overrated. Especially with the god pushing back against him like he couldn't get enough. His cock throbbed inside his partner as he began pistoning in and out of Loki's tight heat, groaning his pleasure.
"Loki stole his remains?" Thor was on his feet, hammer in hand, and he began pacing. "The cowardice! The dishonor! The-"
Steve groaned but still rewarded Tony with a kiss. "I think I need to take you up on that policy. For reasons of scrubbing my mind clean. You think you can help me out with that? At least give me more attractive dirty things to picture?" He smirked and let one hand slide down to Tony's hip. "We have a whole day before we have to have to face the world. I want to spend it with you." Steve dove in for a kiss, knowing Tony wasn't likely to mind.
Coulson's jaw tensed at the thought. If Thor held back and let them clean up his mess and then saved Loki, he would be very close to wanting to kill the other god as well. He took a few breaths and finally nodded. "I think we've earned it. Unfortunately we both know that people don't often get what they've earned. I'll settle for knowing he won't be back even if he's just been thrown in the darkest jail cell in Asgard." There weren't many people or beings in the universe that Coulson hated. There were those he disliked or disagreed with, those who did distasteful things or who were painfully stupid. He hated Loki.
It was a brush off assignment, but Scott didn't hesitate before agreeing. He knew he wasn't ready for a more active role yet, and apparently so did everyone else. Much as that stung, Scott had spent too long in Steve's place to argue for anything else. His pride wasn't worth someone getting hurt. "Absolutely, Captain."
Simmons grinned at him, pleased to see Fitz falling into the rhythm of the conversation. She didn't want her fondness for Bruce to push them apart. They'd been one another's rock for so long that any other way of being was difficult to even imagine. "Maybe we should organize something a bit social but low pressure? Then he could try his hand at being part of things with..." She trailed off, realizing suddenly that it was a bit presumptuous on her part to be including herself or Fitz in the idea. "Well, something for the Avengers, that is. Something for all of you to spend some time together."
Clint rolled his eyes a little but put his foot down, still smirking faintly. It felt good to be doing something. He was still worried as hell for Nat, but at least they were making some kind of progress. Or at least doing something useful. Oblivious to the effect he'd hand on Coulson, he relaxed in the seat, draping one arm out of the car and then reaching over to turn on the radio. He flipped through the channels until he got fed up trying to find something acceptable and turned it back off. "So... we there yet?"
Darien was sure that he should say no or try to resist if only to put on a good show. He should show some sign of having a spine. Instead he turned his head and flicked his tongue over the head of Clint's cock. He focused all of his energy and attention on getting Clint hard. He got so lost in the act that he almost forgot how bizarre it was to have a complete stranger rimming him while another watched him sucking off a guy who was barely more than a stranger. All of it probably meant he was losing his mind, but Darien found that he couldn't bring himself to care when he was already hard as a rock and feeling pretty good about the evening.
Clint had the decency to blush a little at that. It wasn't as if Phil was unaware that he and Nat had been more than just casual friends, but it was still a little awkward. Deciding it was best to play it off, he smirked a little and nibbled at Phil's jaw, unable to resist. He always pushed boundaries. At least a little. "Yeah, I am pretty cozy. I'm like a portable furnace. I could just lay on you and keep you toasty," he said, taking a moment to glance at the movie.
"Cheese. And ham. And bacon. And then bacon on the side," Clint decided. "I'd also be willing to see some onions and bell peppers in it, but really if you're cooking me food, I'll eat about anything." Clint loved good food with every fiber of his being, but he was also completely uninterested in cooking for himself and typically found himself in the field or too busy to get food out, so his typical fare was frozen food, yogurt, and supplement bars. So if someone was willing to cook him real food, he was willing to eat whatever was served to him. The archer followed Phil into the kitchen, moving to get the coffee started. "And I do seem to recall your complete and utter lack of humor now." It had taken Clint pranking Ward in the middle of an op to get Phil to laugh. And even then, his handler had dragged him into a side office on the pretense of yelling at him before simply laughing his ass off instead. Clint had been Phil's asset at that point for a solid six months - longer than anyone else had kept him - and he'd been stunned to find out he wasn't getting handed off to someone else. "But I guess you'd need to be utterly humorless to be my handler."
Thor looked confused, and Logan clarified, "If you'd talk to your mother about this, we'd appreciate it. See if there's a way to either redirect that thing to you or at least make sure our buddy here doesn't lose his marbles after the fact."
Simmons swatted at Bruce's arm and gave him a look she usually only reserved for Fitz's more awkward social gaffes. "You're terrible," she informed him tartly before offering a bright smile to the pair. "You shouldn't worry about it. I think that near death experiences certainly excuse a few marks here and there."
Tony groaned at the sensation. He'd gotten turned on the second Loki started working hands over his ass cheeks, and the feeling of the hard shaft pressing against him was more than enough motivation to drive him to his hands and knees. He glanced back at his partner, shivering pleasantly at the blue eyes following him, ignoring the fact that the gaze was far more predatory, far less gentle than what fit Steve's face. Dropping his head, he rocked back against Loki, his cock slowly getting hard in anticipation. "You make me so hot, Steve," he murmured. "All that time in the lab... missed you. Missed this.
Steve nodded his agreement with the assessment. "I thought..." It sounded crazy even in his own head, and Steve hesitated before he actually voiced what could well have been a momentary hallucination. "I thought I saw somebody I knew... somebody who should be dead. But it doesn't make sense. Maybe just... the stress..." He shook his head and, noting Tony's fingers shifting beneath his own, loosened his grip slightly. "Sorry. Too hard?" It was easy in moments of genuine fear to lose track of the little things and how much he needed to compensate for his enhanced strength. "We'll find out what happened. You have security cameras around here, right?"
Steve felt his heart clench at the pain in Tony's voice. He wanted to open the cell door, to go out and hold the man close. Instead he offered Natasha a faint smile. "Just hold still for me, okay?"
Scott raised an eyebrow as the men seemed to give up any pretence of play. He smirked and nodded in their direction. "Romanov is disturbingly good at this."
"I believe it's actually Doctor McCoy, isn't it?" Bruce extended a hand as well, then bumped shoulders with Clint and grinned a little. "I figured after working with me, he'd seem pretty cuddly."
“I beg to differ,” Coulson answered mildly. “From what I’ve read, at least, I don’t think that it’s likely Captain Rogers would have managed most of what he did without having the rest of you fighting with him. You did everything he did, and you did it without the serum. That’s not a contribution that should be ignored, Sergeant Barnes.” With everyone focusing on the negative acts in his recent past, Coulson knew that it was probably difficult for even Bucky to think of the bigger picture. “You saved a lot of lives too. Hold onto that.”
Fitz took the station next to hers, and the two of them started in, continually leaning over to tap something on one another's screens. "Jemma! That was- oh, you're right. I didn't carry the two."
"I can't help thinking something like this has to hit even a guy like Fury," Scott answered, "but maybe I'm giving him too much credit." The man was cold. He was a leader in a whole different realm from Xavier. Fury wasn't interested in being anyone's friend. He did his job, and he expected everyone else to do theirs. Scott still hadn't decided how he felt about the change in styles. "What do you think happens to this place? The tower, all the stuff in it, the AI. This place was built from the ground up by Stark."
Scott appreciated the sentiment but shook his head. "This is your team. What you and Captain Rogers decide works is fine. It pissed me off when people," he cast a pointed glance at Logan, "tried to get in the way of me doing my job. I'll get used to not being in charge."
Victor momentarily wondered what exactly it was that Loki knew that made him an authority on what Nat was missing, but decided it was best not to ask. Instead, he gave the god a mock pout. "I could play nice." He gave Romanov a grin that made a good show of his canines. "Just a... few bruises."
"Definitely just the one," Steve agreed with a laugh. He kissed his lover before disappearing for a good fifteen minutes. When he returned, Steve brought with him a basic wheelchair. "They offered a power chair, but this is better exercise, plus it's a good excuse for me to stick around sometimes to play chauffeur."
At Scott's question, Clint gave Logan a faint, triumphant smirk. It was met with a glower before Logan replied, "Yeah. First thing we do when this is over is dinner. Even if it's six in the mornin'," he agreed as his gaze shifted back to Scott. He'd noted Scott grabbing the shades and it pained him to think that he might be losing the opportunity to see Scott's eyes for their first time together.
The tension eased even if it didn't go out of the room. Coulson cursed himself for being so sloppy. It was the lack of proper sleep and the mess that was his mind dealing with everything. Maybe it was the hammer and holding it even for a short time. Maybe it was just the fact that the idea of losing Clint to some damn piece of Asgardian trash made him want to tie the man down and keep him from touching anything at all. It was all ridiculous and not in the least bit helpful or productive. He cast a glance at Clint and offered him a flicker of a smile that he hoped would serve as a silent apology for the outburst.
Coming to in the infirmary was getting to be uncomfortably familiar. Logan's eyes fluttered open as he looked around the room. He'd woken with a headache, but it was already starting to disappear. His eyes caught sight of Scott first, then drifted to see Bruce's strained visage as well. "You people need to work on these fuckin' plans o' yours. How dead is Loki? Extremely dead, or just really dead?" he wanted to know.
The idea of blowing off a little steam was appealing, and Logan warmed at once to Natasha’s suggestion. "Yeah, I'll see if Scott's up for it," Logan said, shooting Scott a text. "I'll come with ya. Don't really do a lot o' long-range stuff, but it's been awhile since I played with a rifle."
"First off, you're wrong about that," Steve answered evenly. He had reluctantly let go of Tony to enter the cell and wished like hell for the warmth of the man's touch as he moved toward Natasha. "Secondly, I can survive this. If anyone can, I can."
At those words, Tony drew back a little, scrutinizing Steve for a moment before he slowly smiled. "Gonna hold you to that," he finally decided, leaning up for a kiss. "Not sure how good I am at the whole romantic dancing thing. I mostly just do the kind that your mother would've warned you about had she seen it coming."
Victor shrugged. "Dunno. Are all you Asgaardians into wearing drapes and antlers?" He shrugged, turning and leaning back against the cell bars, clearly unconcerned about Natasha or what she might try. "Besides, I'll take what's on offer sometimes, too. You offerin'?"
Clint decided it was best to ignore the weird thrill he got from having Coulson put cuffs on him, focusing on more immediate concerns instead. He couldn't help but smile a little when he saw Nat. He hated that she was still locked up, but she did seem to be doing better. Clint leaned against her cell door as if to get as close to the woman as he could. "We found the hammer. Even managed to get it before Loki, though just barely. These," he held up his wrists, "are probably because I happened to be the one to find it." He clenched his jaw and looked at the ground for a moment. "It... does things to a person, I guess," he said, glancing at Coulson as if hoping for a bit of help in explaining.
Phil blinked, trying not to stare, and finally nodded. "Good." He nodded pleasantly to Darien as the man stood, looking disheveled and mortified at the same time. He poured his coffee in utter silence. It was difficult focusing on work. It was more difficult ignoring how other people were managing to not focus on work. To put it mildly, he was jealous of the outlet. Phil couldn't help but glance back at Clint lounging against the counter all flushed skin and a satisfied smile. It was a good look on him. //Leering at coworkers because you haven't had a date in too damn long is not even tiniest bit professional,// he chided himself before holding up the full mug to indicate that he was done. "I'll get out of your hair. Also, Director Fury had a closed door with Captain Rogers. No word yet, but I'll keep you in the loop when I hear anything."
Logan's eyebrows raised a little. //Sounds familiar.// Of course, Logan didn't know for sure that he'd volunteered. Stryker had said as much, but the man hadn't exactly grabbed Logan as trustworthy. "Guess I'd call that motivated," he said, gesturing to the bartender again. A few words, and Logan had a beer in front of him, and a Coke bottle covered in Japanese kanji in front of Steve. Logan didn't remember having a cause to speak of until the X-Men-the Professor in particular-had won him over, and that had all gone to hell when he'd realized that Scott's ideals and ethics were entirely too cautious and soft-hearted for him. "So' you’re really glad you did it?"
Steve wasn't sure how he felt about that comment, but he searched Tony's face, taking comfort in the sight alone, and finally nodded. "Okay." For the moment he was having trouble worrying about anything but the fact that he wanted to hold Tony so much he couldn't see straight. He wanted to assure himself that it wasn't a mirage, and stolen touches with metal in the way wasn't doing it. In his ear, Jarvis was saying something about notifying Pepper. "Yes, go ahead, Jarvis. Thank you." Steve barely took his eyes off of Tony as they walked. "You're alive."
A little of the warmth in Tony's brown eyes returned. Despite his best intentions to the contrary, he was allowing Steve to break through the wall he'd erected. If he'd had it his way, then Tony would have spent the rest of his days in this room drinking himself into oblivion. Having convinced himself that Steve would outright reject him, Tony could not help reeling from how open and accepting the other man was. Still, a part of him hesitated; the thought of stepping out into the real world again filled him with dread. "Would you mind if we just had dinner here?" he asked softly, taking Steve's offered hand.
It was a fair question. "For killing you, primarily. I'm afraid making comments in poor taste is something I'm not likely to recover from. I prefer not apologizing for behavior I'm likely to repeat."
Mystique rolled her eyes. "Honestly, you big baby, you've got an adamantium skeleton and claws that put grizzly bears to shame. Stop being a pussy." Knowing that despite his whining, Creed could handle the Hulk, she turned her attention to the more vulnerable opponents. With the boys distracted, Mystique took the chance to get a jump on Steve. She lithely leapt up and wrapped her legs around Steve's neck.
Tony just missed catching the blonde as he ducked away. Once Steve had set the plates out, Tony hooked an arm around his waist, pulled him close and growled, "I think you owe me a kiss Rogers," though he was grinning as he leaned in for a quick but overly intimate kiss. Straightening, he grinned. "Thanks for the pizza."
Bruce raised an eyebrow. "I'm pretty sure that the two of you have forgone more than enough sleep on our behalf to qualify for a team movie night." He smiled faintly. "Maybe we could show them The Lord of the Rings. I think Thor would at least appreciate it. Maybe Sif as well if she sticks around long enough." He grabbed Jemma's hand and tugged her a little closer with a smile. "Besides, I'd need a date. And I wouldn't dream of leaving Fitz out." He added the last with a friendly smile at Fitz. He was starting to wonder if Fitz's disapproval was more than just protectiveness.
"I appreciate that, Captain. I'm not interested in spending the week cleaning the latrines because Mr. Stark is bad with directions." She gave Tony a final warning glare and left them alone.
Logan was enjoying sleeping in for the first time in forever when the knock came. He managed to make himself pull on some loose-fitting boxer shorts before dragging himself to the door. He could detect Coulson's aftershave and the faint hint of old cards and comic books on the guy before he even opened the door. //Why did I sign up for this gig again?// he wondered to himself, pretty sure the other shoe was about to drop. He opened the door, looking less than thrilled. "So's this the part where you guys tell me I gotta kill someone to earn my keep?" he growled.
Bruce sprang to his feet and slammed his hand on the table, and most of the room flinched. "I said no!"
"Look, nothing about the serum until this is done. Promise. Scout's honor. Have the dunder twins figured out anything, or should I bring Dummy up here?"
Logan rolled his eyes but then focused more closely on Scott. He didn't know how much PDA the other man was willing to put up with, but he wasn't going to just walk off. He grabbed the man's sleeve and tugged him closer, looking into bright blue eyes. "I'll be back," he reassured. Deciding he didn't give a damn about Tony giving him shit, he tangled his hand in the man's hair and gave him a quick, harsh kiss. "Just make sure you've got dinner ready, alright?" he deadpanned before following Clint, Nat, and Coulson out the door. He wasn't big on long goodbyes, and he wasn't big on having it in his head that he wouldn't come back from a mission.
Bruce slowly nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure we can do that.” He paused, hesitated, and finally went ahead and asked, “What will Tony think?”
"No need." Logan had to take a moment to unclench his jaw as he looked down at the other man. The beatings the guy had taken were enough to make Logan's blood boil. The mutant's nose told him he'd found the man he was looking for, but he had to make the show good, all the same. As much as he was ready to start dismembering everyone else in the room, Coulson had made it clear he was to get out without blowing his cover. For one thing, SHIELD might need him again. For another, these guys were all small-timers, and decimating the place would scare off all the big shots that SHIELD really wanted dead.
"I think that's a pretty good idea," Scott agreed. He stripped off his shirt and returned the favor for Logan before curling up against the man's chest to listen to the steady thrum of his heart. "I wanted to do this in the infirmary, but I figured it'd be kind of creepy with an audience."
Simmons nodded and tied a band around his arm, carefully finding a vein. Putting the concoction directly into Steve's bloodstream should speed the process. It would move through him more efficiently and find whatever serum was left. "I'd recommend wearing looser pants with a belt that you can adjust, shirts with a bit of room... As I said, we aren't sure of the timeline. Ideally I would say it should take a day or two, but-"
"I'm... uh... fine." He looked at the floor and mumbled, "I just... had a bad dream." It sounded even dumber out loud than it did in his head. "I was gonna... Look, I shouldn't've bothered you. I can go back to my room." He'd obviously shaken Coulson out of a sound sleep, and the man probably needed it as much or more than he did.
Clint couldn't help feeling uneasy with the three of them talking about locking the hammer away. He lightly flicked the leather strap at the end of the handle while the other three were focused on their conversation. The powerful tingle radiating from it was tempting, though still a bit unsettling. Tony had called the weapon evil, but how could something that had saved his life, could save their teammates, be evil? "It might not be safe in the lab. Maybe someone should guard it..." he murmured.
Logan raised an eyebrow. "Now you wanna get drunk, huh? Well, I think I got enough beer t' facilitate. If not, I'll steal whatever Stark's got layin' around," he said, though he had to admit to being rather surprised by Scott's sudden interest in getting wasted. //Then again, can't say I blame 'im...// "Far as I know, no one's told me to do anything. I'm gonna assume that extends to you, too." He gestured for Scott to follow him. "C'mon, I keep my stash in the fridge in the common room."
“As soon as everything’s cleared out of your system,” Steve agreed with a solemn nod. “Natasha said maybe tonight.” He was trying not to be annoyed that Natasha had suddenly become the point person when it came to all things Tony. After everything, Steve knew that keeping his distance might be most comfortable for awhile, but it was hard. He wanted to know that Tony was okay, and he wanted to make up for failing to protect him the first time around. “I guess I should probably let you get some rest, I just...” Steve faltered and finally shrugged, “I just wanted to see you.” He cleared his throat and stood. “Do you need anything?”
The archer swallowed hard. "What... what, exactly, would someone have to fear? If they'd used it. Hypothetically."
The confession was much more in line with what they wanted to hear, and the Soldier chuckled before he let his hands slide even lower through the slick sweat coating the man's skin. "There, was that so hard? Half the country wants to fuck him. Why would you be any different?" Softly, too quietly for the camera to pick up, he demanded, "Tell me what you want to do to him. Tell me and maybe I'll even help you get a little relief."
Reluctantly, Clint drew away. He dragged Alan into a rough kiss, deftly freeing the man's cock of his pants and underwear before growling. "Fuck his mouth, then."
Surprised and frankly flattered by the invitation, Phil smiled. "I'd love that," he answered earnestly. It would be nice to relax with someone who might enjoy the scenery as much as he did. "I think after all this, we'll need a day or two off." He sat back in his chair and tilted his head at Clint. "I know you don't cook, but how do you feel about assisting with dishes?"
Scott's breath left him in a sharp sound that was almost a sob. He was sure that Logan was going to push him away any second, and he let himself hold fast for every beat he had left. "Yeah," he answered, finally drawing back so that he sat on the bed next to the man. He wanted to touch, to hold, to assure Logan that it hadn't meant anything, that he hadn't even really known what the hell he was doing until it was too late. "I didn't... I didn't mean..." The tears came even as he tried to hold them back. "I didn't know, and he didn't... he had no way to... it wasn't until after... that's when I asked him to take me in. I knew I couldn't trust myself, and god, if I could... I'm so sorry."
"Well, that's reassuring," Tony said, raising an eyebrow at the god. He tried to hide his discomfort at being reminded that he was there for Loki's entertainment. He hadn't missed the flash of amusement on Loki's face, and he found himself hoping to hell that it was because the god found him amusing, and not because he was plotting some other way to mess with his head. "Hate to think you were after my heart. Didn't work out so well for you last time."
Steve sat in stunned silent for a few moments before realizing he'd missed something very important. "Thank you."
Steve huffed out a laugh and nodded. "Yeah, I guess I do. It's just not what I'm used to." He was used to barely being able to do anything at all, to having to worry about how he'd pay for food let alone anything else. "Just remember, I hadn't even left the country till I joined the army. I didn't have a whole lot of... well, of anything. For a long time it was just me and Bucky kind of barely getting by. Then he joined up. I thought I was gonna get left behind."
"I got it, Jarvis," Clint said with a sigh, tugging Phil into a light but lingering kiss. //Just one for the road.//
"I think we can take care of that for you. Fury keeps telling me I should use the company card for something other than basics. I'm pretty sure steak, some good beer, and a new wardrobe count." The idea of getting out for reasons almost entirely unrelated to work was rather pleasant. Steve called a cab, still too uncertain about the idea of driving on the cutthroat streets of New York to try it. Coulson had given him a few lessons, and it hadn't even taken him entirely through the second one to realize he didn't honestly want to take things any farther.
That sounded like a solid plan. Steve hefted his suitcase and, after a pause in which he waited pointedly and in vain for Tony to get his, grabbed his teammate's case as well. The trip home wasn't as bad as Steve might've anticipated with Logan and Tony trapped in a small space together. Neither man killed or tried to kill the other, and Steve even managed to get some sketching done. By the time they arrived at Avengers tower, Steve was starting to believe that things might actually be alright.
Tony momentarily looked like a deer caught in the headlights. He slowly put his food and coffee aside, lips pressed together as his nerves rattled him to his core. He was never good at this sort of thing. He always knew the perfect thing to say to get someone to sleep with him, the perfect comeback for any insult, the perfect way to tell someone to fuck off, but when it came to telling someone he liked them... loved them, he was all thumbs. He wrapped his hands over Steve's forearms, tugging the man closer, looking into his eyes. "You're so sweet and gorgeous and smart and I... Steve, I..." Tony bit his bottom lip. With none of his usual suavity, he jerked the blonde into a hard kiss, drawing away after only a moment and laying his head against Steve's chest. "Love you, too," he finally managed to mumble, even managing to say it loud enough for a normal person to hear it.
Logan, sitting in a recliner in front of the TV, nodded as he turned off the tube. The fact that Scott was still wearing his t-shirt intrigued him, but he didn't say anything. "I'll let you know," he said, "but knowin' you, you covered everything and then some. Get you a beer or anything? Or were you plannin' to leave soon?" He didn't like the idea of Scott leaving. His sense of responsibility remained, yes, but there was something else... //Maybe it's a sense o' guilt,// he told himself. The answer didn't seem to match up enough to quiet his unease.
Natasha's expression twisted, and her jaw tensed. She felt sick just thinking about it. Tony was nothing to Loki, but laying him to rest would have meant everything to Steve. The idea that on top of it all, he held in his hands the two men who were the closest thing she'd ever had to family left her feeling sick. "I don't care what he did to me. We're going to find a way to get to Asgard and kick Thor in the balls until we get some answers. He should have killed Loki before. Now we're all paying the price."
Coulson hesitated. It was tempting. Even knowing the dangers inherent in saying yes, it was tempting. He wanted to know so badly that there were nights he could focus on little else but the itch of memory at the back of his mind. Sometimes he could almost see parts of it, see something beyond the massages and daiquiris that felt too picturesque to be real. "I don't want you in my head," he finally bit out.
Tony opened his mouth to argue and found himself speechless. He surged up from the chair faster - according to his zinging stitches - than he should have, tangling a hand in Steve's shirt and pressing their mouths together.
"I know I could just use a company car, but it's just... cabs are more... casual," Steve explained with a shrug as they piled into the backseat and asked the man to take them to the nearest clothing store that wasn't an overpriced, creepy boutique. "Usually I just walk when I can."
Clint's jaw clenched and he looked to Nat. "Guess we all have our secrets," he said before turning his gaze back to Logan.
"And I'm going to start wearing something in the shower," Jemma returned only to turn beat red and duck her head. "Uh, not that I want you to think- I... well, moving on." She was still pink but obviously determined not to think too much about it. "I don't blame you letting the others take the lead. It sounds as if it would be a bit intimidating. Especially with not knowing who your friends are when you arrive." It was a comfort to know that Thor was on their side again. The man could well be the difference between victory and defeat against Loki. As if on cue, Bruce's phone chimed softly. "I won't be offended if you check that. What we do doesn't always allow for delays."
Once he felt vaguely in control, Steve showered and dressed. He felt hollowed out, and from the look on Pepper's face when he emerged from the bedroom, he looked just as bad. "Thank you for staying."
"Friend Hawk, you...?" Thor trailed off at Clint's slow, frightened-looking nod. The god glanced at Sif, frowning. "The hammer was forged by the ice giants. We should ask my mother, but I fear that perhaps only Loki would know the answer."
"I personally think they're both tempting fate anytime they speak," Steve pointed out to Bruce. And yet he missed Tony's snarky comments almost desperately. It was strange going into the fray with only half the team. It was disquieting at best.
Bruce smirked back at the mutant, finding it amusing that Logan seemed almost as uncertain of the bridge's integrity as he was. He glanced back to Sif. "So what's our first stop? I can't imagine we'll go unnoticed long. Even less long under the... uh... wrong circumstances."
Thor hoisted Magneto off his feet and gave the man an angry shake, glowering at him as he set him back down. "No trouble from you, mage." He knew better than to think Erik's age had anything to do with his ability to wreak havoc.
"Nope. I don't kid. In case you haven't noticed, I don't have a sense of humor," Phil answered as he started a pot of coffee. "I had it removed when I joined SHIELD. At least that's what the newbies say." Of course he also made a point of making sure they all believed it with every fiber of their being. "What do you want in your omelette?" There was something to be said for being feared by most of SHIELD. It made life easier. It was also the main reason he wasn't planning on trailing through the halls holding hands with Clint and making googly eyes at him - no matter how much he wanted to.
"Long as you return the favor," Steve murmured against Tony's lips. He couldn't resist kissing the man, couldn't resist edging Tony back against the tiled wall and pressing their bodies tightly together. "I love you so much, Tony. I don't ever want to lose you." The moment was heavy, but not unpleasant. It felt good to say what he felt and to make sure that Tony knew he was needed and wanted. "I can do without most of this stuff, all the hero bits and the costume and," he gestured vaguely down to himself, "but I can't do any of this without you."
Tony hesitated for a moment, taking Loki in. The separation had been enough for him to think about the situation for a moment. He was giving himself over to a creature who had captured him, tortured his friends, killed hundreds, and was going to kill him. He couldn't quite bring himself to stop, though. With the idea in mind that he should enjoy what little he had left, Tony kicked his pants away and then reached out for the lithe, pale form before him. He wanted to forget all the things that had just crossed his mind, wanted to get lost in the sensations he knew Loki could elicit.
"Somewhere," Hank muttered under his breath, clinging to the top of another shelf as he watched in fascination. Hearing Steve grunt, he leapt for that particular fray. "Good Captain, may I be of assistance?" he asked, lunging for the absurdly fast and flexible mutant Steve found himself pitted against.
Logan wasted no more time, quickly plunging into Steve's tight heat once again. His hand clamped tight on Steve's hip as he used the leverage to bury himself fully in that tight, clenching tract.
"No back up, but we could use a lift." Now that he had his bearings, it was easy enough to give her instructions on how to reach the gas station, random and remote as it was. "Once we get back, a once over in medical would be appreciated."
Loki breathed in and squared his shoulders. "We go to Fury, then?" The man hated him, and the feeling was mutual. He might not really consider all humans insects, but Fury brought one to mind rather clearly. Making nice with him would be a rather fitting litmus test to see if he could suppress the desire to smite the idiots that would surround him on a regular basis on Midgard.
Though Steve's first instinct was to point out that Tony was in absolutely no shape to be part of the mission, he nodded instead. "Alright." If they did go after someone who was targeting Tony, they wouldn't go alone anyway. Steve focused on the medics as they looked Tony over and took his vitals. One of the men explained calmly to them both that Tony appeared to have two cracked ribs but that they'd be confirming that with X-rays once they arrived at the hospital.
Clint laughed. "I'd offer to join you, but I think that might defeat the purpose," he said, not quite managing to get all the thickness out of his voice. "Just think of it as revenge for poking me in the ass for an entire afternoon with no follow-through." While he'd never really thought of any real relationship with Phil before Nat's intervention, Clint still distinctly remembered fantasizing about how the whole scenario could have ended. Of course, he'd wrongly assumed that it had had nothing to do with him. //Well, that's what happens when you assume…//
Darien swallowed hard and nodded. He'd never encountered anyone like the pair of them. They both had the ability to own a room just by entering it. He wasn't sure if he liked or hated it. Instead of trying to figure it out, he took the chair Nat had vacated and rubbed suddenly-sweaty palms on his jeans.
Logan nodded and obliged, knowing that this would be the point that might make Scott reconsider. He took a few more moments to work the finger in well, but Scott's impatient shifting against the bed was enough to break what little patience he had left. He withdrew his hand, shifting to kneel between Scott's thighs. He hooked a hand under his lover's knee and pushed it up a bit, leaving Scott perfectly exposed as Logan took himself in hand. Meeting Scott's gaze, Logan slowly pushed forward, fighting the urge to bury himself fully as soon as that tight heat started to close around him. "Jesus, Scott... feel so good..."
"D'you think he's right?" Nat licked a line up Scott's dripping cock. "I'll stop whenever you boys say it's time."
"Well, we'll see about that one," Tony quipped, though he didn't push the joke further. The moment was too perfect to fill with his usual snark. He pressed himself close to his lover, listening to Steve's heartbeat. There were a million things he wanted to say, but he kept his mouth shut. Now wasn't the time for him to babble clumsily in a useless attempt at expressing himself, and even he knew it. "This feels good," he murmured, staring at a point on the mattress as he held onto Steve like he was afraid the man might disappear. "Perfect. I'm not dreaming, right?"
Steve's eyes widened in sudden panic. He lifted his other hand and stared at it, blinking, as if the view might suddenly change. Steve fought for breath, but it grew harder even with the mask as the reality of what had happened settled in. Before he could even try to talk again, the doctor was entering the room again.
Between Nat and Frigga, Magneto stood little chance, and Logan quickly recovered and dove in to restrain the man with a set of cuffs he yanked from Natasha's utility belt. Thankfully, SHIELD had the sense to not make them out of metal. "You might wanna relax, Lensherr. Not all of us have a metal core. And some of us have some anger issues," he said, trading looks with Bruce, who gave him a 'you're one to talk' look.
"I can hear you." Logan glared across the room, then cocked his head irritably at Barton when the man looked surprised. "Mutation? Remember?"
But if you learned anything from working with SHIELD, it was that asking questions about people coming back from the dead was pretty pointless.
Logan, panting hard, grinned faintly as he shifted to lay against Scott's side. They both needed a bath, but that could wait. He wrapped one well muscled arm around Scott's waist and pulled him close, pressing his face into his lover's neck. "We'll be doin' it plenty o' times," he decided, gently cupping Scott's cheek and turning the man's head toward him for a slow, gentle kiss. "You look too good when I'm fuckin' your brains out to not do any repeat performances."
"Less people, huh?" Logan quirked a faint smile. Nat's casual attitude when it came to violence was intriguing to say the least. Logan could definitely appreciate what Clint saw in her, obvious assets aside.
"I will," Loki assured, "although you may have to help me convince him that I don't intend to scramble his brain while I'm doing it." He shrugged nonchalantly. "It's a fear that is not without a strong basis, but... well, in Agent Romanov's case, I can assure you it was due to her resistance, not any particular malice. I had outside requests in regard to Logan and Summers. I suppose that means I owe them apologies as well." Loki rolled his eyes and fell back against the pillows as if overwhelmed by the sheer force of politeness that might be expected of him. His expression sobered, "I'll need to go to Asgard. Briefly." The thought of the place made him ill. He never wanted to walk the halls of the palace again. "I need to tell my moth- to tell the Lady Frigga that I am sorry to have involved her."
Clint nodded, already scanning for a more private place for them to slip away to, half surprised that Coulson was willing to play along. Not about to hesitate in case his handler changed his mind, the archer grabbed Coulson by the hand and dragged him to a quiet nook that he was well familiar with. Too buzzed to bother with words, Clint clamped his hands on Coulson's hips and pressed him against the wall. He pressed beer-tinged lips to Phil's, molding himself hotly against the other man and giving his hips a long, slow roll against Coulson's.
Logan type a quick text to Scott as soon as everyone started moving toward their mutual corners. FOUND LOKI. GOING TO TELL ROGERS. NOT A SCRATCH ON ME. Gesturing to Sif, he moved toward the tower. He made sure to take the woman to all the major high points before having Jarvis guide them to Steve. He was surprised to find the man in Tony's lab and moreso considering he seemed to be wearing one of Tony's suits. "Uh... You got a minute, Rogers?"
Steve grabbed Tony's coffee and the bag of pastries and gladly gave him first dibs. As long as he had his breakfast with Tony, Steve didn't care what he was eating. "Think you'll be up to helping Bruce in the lab today if I grab a chair to get you down there?" The sooner they found a way to help their teammates, the better off they'd be.
Clint nodded, gratefully burrowing his face into the man's chest for several moments before he relented and tugged Phil to the couch. "I think I like that plan," he said quietly, sitting down and tugging Phil down with him. He remembered their make-out session on the couch from a few days prior, and that brought him a sort of comfort. They were safe here at least. They had each other. Clint leaned in close to his handler and buried his face in Phil's neck, breathing the man in and pressing light kisses to his skin, eyes closed as he tried to forget everything but the fact that they had each other. When his lips brushed across the bandage over the bite mark Victor had left, forgetting became a non-option, but Clint lightly kissed the bandage as well. "I wish... I wish it hadn't happened. But... you being there kept me from losing it completely."
Scott absolutely hated the idea. He hated it more than he knew how to say. He hated everything about the thought of Logan being locked up in a SHIELD cell because of Loki. It felt like giving the god what he wanted, but Scott couldn't help but agree that it was the best way to mitigate the potential damage. "Fine, then I'm going with you. They'll want someone to keep an eye on you. I don't have clearance to go out on missions yet anyway until I go through a psych eval. I might as well watch you."
Clint hadn't missed the blush. He was oblivious to the real reason behind it, but he didn't hesitate to go in for the kill. "That's clever. I think I'll take the first option presented. Hot, sweaty, messy sex sounds a lot better than listening to Fury rant and rave. Could just be me, though," he allowed casually.
The muscles in Clint's jaw twitched as he stared hard at Natasha around the bulk of Steve's suit, but he lowered the hammer nonetheless. "Fine." His gaze drifted suspiciously to Tony. The archer had really been expecting to get to off Loki, and he still didn't trust that Tony wasn't some kind of illusion or fake or who-knew-what-else. He stepped back to Phil's side, though, his eyes moving to Loki suspiciously.
"I like saying it." Scott smiled as they teased one another. He wasn't hard as a rock and ready to go the way it usually was after a few seconds with them. The burn was slower, and he enjoyed the slow curl of arousal unfolding inside him. "I like the way you look first thing in the morning," Scott kissed his lover's neck, "and the fact that you don't drink wine," another kiss, this time to Logan's collarbone, "and the way you taste."
"Good. I was hoping you'd say that. Think one or two of your friends could come along for the ride? I'm guessing Frigga can handle things up here, and we need all the help we can get. Between Loki and his new buddies, this isn't exactly going to be a cake walk. More casualties aren't acceptable. Especially not Barton and Coulson." Whatever happened, Natasha was set on bringing her boys home. They were the most central part of the odd collection of people she was willing to consider family. "If it's still possible, we also need to bring Tony's body home. Rogers deserves the closure."
"I wouldn't." Tony pointed to the cuffs, already having located stashed blueberries from the lab and popping them into his mouth. "Stark tech. Piss them off enough and they tighten up for awhile. Fury's not screwing around."
Tony opened his mouth to assure Steve that that wouldn't happen, but he bit it back. //No making promises you may not be able to keep,// he told himself. He pulled Steve in for another intense kiss. "I'll try to up my asshole playboy schtick when this is all over. You'll love it," he assured, smirking faintly. He pulled Steve as close to him as he feasibly could, tangling their legs together. "I don't wanna go do lab things. Or be a grown-up. Can I call in immature?"
Logan was in no mood to try and hold back. Scott's soft moans of pleasure, his scent, the murmured warning... It was too much, overwhelming Logan's senses and any restraint that he might have had left. He came with a roar of pleasure, burying himself with one final stroke as he filled his lover.
"We'll probably do the sticking for them. As a courtesy," Clint said with a nod. From what he knew, the "Agency" was barely better than the dead thugs laying around the factory, and he had a feeling SHIELD would be making a very convincing argument for them to stay the hell away from Fawkes. "For the record, we're not in the habit of pressing people into service. I have a feeling that the Director will give you options on whether you stick with us and how closely, but right now, it won't be good for either one of us if you decide to run away." He glanced at a small device from his belt before putting it away again. "Looks like your handlers are moving in to see what's going on. If you want out of this mess, I strongly recommend you follow me. Otherwise, I have orders to put you down." He knew it sent a mixed message; threatening Darien with his life while simultaneously promising him the option of freedom, but those were his orders, and he'd given up a long time ago trying to figure out what made Fury tick.
Tony more or less pounced on Fitz, giving the young man a massive hug and ruffling his hair. "I think I owe you and Simmons thanks a couple times over," he said as he let Fitz go. "Though I gotta say, these near-death experiences are getting old."
"Very," Nat answered. "I'd like it to be insanely unpleasant for you. I actually wouldn't mind seeing you flayed."
The young woman smiled brightly in response and nodded her understanding. She was finding that she rather liked working alongside Dr. Banner despite his unusual reputation. He was interesting and a polite counterpoint to Stark's brasher, more grating personality. She was gone all of fifteen minutes. There wasn't a coffee shop in a three block area where she and Fitz weren't known. They spent a lot of long nights in the lab, which meant a lot of coffee runs. Eventually Director Fury had given in and made an expense account just for that. She returned the same bright smile, setting the haul down on a table. "I got a few extra muffins and things. I'm starving."
"Okay," Phil agreed reflexively. Hearing Clint's voice and feeling the solid warmth of the man's hand in his own made it easier to think about the reasons why he needed to hang on, why he needed to stay in the present even if it was tempting to drift away from the moment. He carefully released Clint's hand to unfasten the cuffs of his shirt. It felt silly to have them on. He threw them on the floor and stared at the fabric for a moment. A deep breath. Another. Finally Phil's head began to feel a little more clear, and he allowed himself to actually look at Clint and read the fear there. "Okay," he repeated despite the long moments that had passed since Clint actually spoken. Reaching out, he pulled Clint in, touching their foreheads together again. "I'll be okay. You'll be okay. If there is anything that I can say or do to keep him from hurting you... anything, I intend to do it."
"It's a date," Clint dead panned, then leaned in for a harsh kiss. His tongue thrust suggestively against Darien's as he began pumping the man's cock with abandon. He wasn't about to advertise it, but he loved the way he had Darien wrapped around his little finger. The man looked too perfect when he was turned on.
Phil sighed. The truth was that since his return, he'd found himself unable to corral his racing thoughts at times and not a lot had worked well. "The important thing is to take care of yourself. Right now that means distraction. Drinking's off the list and after last night I'm pretty sure you'd be due for a lot worse than a hangover anyway." Forcing a smile, he suggested, "Go see if Darien's done playing barista. I'll do whatever research my clearance level allows." //And try to stay busy enough not to think too hard about any of this.//
A quick radio call and an even quicker helicopter ride later, they were back at SHIELD. Logan chased off the medics, fairly certain that Scott didn't really need them and sure he didn’t want them around. He left Scottwith one of Stark's ridiculously hi-tech light-based laptops and went to clean up and change. He'd asked Scott to come find him when he was done. Logan wasn't sure why the idea of the other man leaving was so uncomfortable. They hadn't exactly been best buddies even before the meltdown.
As promised, Phil was stationed in one of the smaller meeting rooms downstairs with Loki's file already projected up onto the screen and several touch pads ready for the others to follow along. "I hope the room is to your liking," he commented before diving in. "The basics you probably know already: Loki is a god. Well, demigod. He's a bit of a silver tongued devil, not to mention that according to Thor he has spent much of his life pursuing a greater knowledge of the magical arts."
The agent nodded meekly, unused to Steve being anything but friendly and congenial. "Of course, Sir." He opened his mouth, obviously on the verge of asking more, then closed it again.
"If anyone has to use it, it will be someone else," Coulson stated, leaving no room whatsoever for arguments in his tone. "You're done with it. The rest... the rest we'll figure out."
"I want you to fuck me," Scott panted on cue. He actually trembled at Logan's breath against his ear and the commanding tone of his lover's voice. "Please, baby, I need you." He didn't want to leave Natasha out, but she didn't matter for the moment. Nothing mattered but having Logan sliding inside him.
Loki immediately stepped away, hands held up in case anyone got any thoughts of trying to protect Clint. He'd seen the look on the man's face, knew what he was thinking, and he was happy to retreat from the accusatory stare.
"At the moment, we're going over some of the older tech from storage - well, the specs. Director Fury has opened up some absolutely fascinating files," Simmons explained with apparent glee. She was doing everything but clapping her hands with excitement.
"I just might, though I think that's more your bag. Still, anything to not go crazy sitting around, doing..." Clint trailed off, glancing meaningfully at Darien before going back to Phil. "Well, I guess I can't say 'nothing'." He caught the sound of footsteps approaching. Recognizing the sound of that particular gait, Clint raised an eyebrow. "May not need to stalk Fury after all. Sounds like someone has something to tell us."
"I don't know either," Phil answered the silent question. "I remember waking up, and Tahiti, but between Loki and that... I suspect it's better that I don't remember." The words bore the smooth marks of repetition. It wasn't an intentional lie, but it wasn't precisely the truth either. His tone softened. "I do know I'm grateful to be back." Reaching across the counter, Phil topped off his drink. "We don't all have enough friends to enjoy the luxury of being missed. Speaking of which," he inquired in the most neural tone possible, "how's the new recruit?"
Clint frowned, clearly hating the idea. He reached out and grabbed Nat's hand, holding onto her, hoping he could reassure her a little. "I'll get him this time, Nat. For good." It had been jarring being compromised the first time. This time, he'd been manipulated into doing things he'd never have considered. He wasn't sure which was worse. He knew he wasn't going to tolerate Loki messing with his friends any further.
Tony drew back to look into Steve's bright blue eyes and grinned a little. "Wow," he said with his usual lopsided grin. "That... wow." It wasn't often that Tony found himself at a loss for words, or at least without the ability to produce something like speech. //Well, not using my mouth for anything else...// He leaned in, pressed a quick kiss to Steve's lips, and then nibbled at the man's neck. There was a faint hint of stubble there, and Tony nipped at the skin, his breathing slow but forceful as he felt his arousal steadily increasing. He knew he should probably back off, confident that even if he didn't have any such compunctions, Steve probably wouldn't care to get too graphic in the middle of a large crowd. He couldn't resist a little bit of teasing before he let off some.
Bucky felt another hot flash of jealousy. It surprised him because it was accompanied by a rush of unfamiliar anger. He shook his head as if to clear it. “Well,” he started, joining Steve on the sofa, “I don’t understand what’s wrong with Tony Stark.” Bucky reached out, closing his hand on Steve’s shoulder. He wanted more, to do more than just offer the other man a friendly gesture. Steve had been coy ever since their talk, and Bucky had no idea how his friend truly felt toward him. “I mean, no one will talk about what happened, so I don’t know what to say that’ll help the situation.” His hand caressed its way down Steve’s back, soothing the tense muscles he found there. “I’m here, and I need you,” he said softly.
"She... she made some sounds when I first came in. She was out by the time I got across the room, though," Clint answered, numbly watching the orderlies work. He was trying to fight back panic. Surely Loki hadn't sent her back just to die. Surely she'd be okay.
Clint thought about it, then shook his head. "I guess not. Maybe? Hard to tell. I think she was a lot of it. I was just hoping, you know? I was afraid that I'd get close to someone and then suddenly she'd come around and I'd have to choose." He fiddled with his cup. "That, and... I don't know. It just seemed scary to let someone in. I was afraid, too, that I'd find someone, then they'd get to know me, then run screaming at some point. I mean, I don't exactly have a great resume. I ran away to join the circus, I was a mercenary for a bunch of terrorist shitbags, and now I'm an assassin for a scary government agency. Not exactly online dating material." He gave Phil a sheepish look. "Sorry. That... that makes it sound like I think you have low standards or something. Mostly, it's just that... well, you know everything about me that I'd expect to be a deal breaker and you aren't running. You haven't run. You've been my friend, in fact. One of the few... make that *two* close ones that I have."
Steve ducked his head at the intense scrutiny. "Uh, thanks. I appreciate it." When Tony finally started looking for something for himself, he carefully began stripping away the tux and starched white shirt. Changing in front of other guys was certainly nothing new, though it felt decidedly more intimate doing the changing in Tony Stark's bedroom. True to Tony's prediction, the sweatpants did fit, but they were skin tight, and so was the shirt. He frankly felt ridiculous, but it had been nice of Tony to find something for him, and Steve was nothing if not polite. "So when the Tower opens up, will you be moving in with us?" Avengers Tower - formerly Stark Tower - was almost finished being refitted as the official team headquarters. Most of them were planning to stay in the suites there at least most of the time. Tony was another story. Steve knew that being part of the team alone was a stretch for him.
"That's weirdly touching, Coulson," Clint admitted, digging his shades out of his bag as the sun leveled off in his eyes. "Guess that means I'm lucky you're my handler, huh?" he asked, poking at the radio until he found some music he liked. "And don't worry, I won't ask for the keys to the car or anything."
The god's booming voice echoed uncomfortably through the ducts. "Sounds like the party started," Coulson muttered, noting that Natasha had quickened her pace up ahead.
Logan quirked a smile despite himself, but the expression faded just as fast. Steve hadn't really told him how Scott was, just that the man was there. "He didn't hurt anyone, did he?" he wanted to know, watching Steve's face closely. The cell muffled his senses, keeping him from being able to hear the other man's heartbeat, smell his sweat, do anything to tell if he was lying.
It was a thing of beauty to watch the two of them together. Natasha obviously knew not only how to make it feel good but how to make it look good. She even looked over and meet Scott's gaze before finally taking the head of Logan's cock into her mouth. Scott knew the taste well enough that his mouth watered at the thought.
Bucky found himself taken aback. He hadn't expected such an earnest response and staunch defense of his character. "You're awfully nice to someone who tried to throttle you," he said with good humor. "I'll take your word for it. Arguing with you wouldn't be a good idea. I know you've got it in you to put me down." That was putting it mildly. Bucky hadn't known what hit him, and Agent Coulson had made it perfectly clear he could take care of himself.
"I don't know," Scott admitted. He reached out for Logan's hand and clasped it tightly in his own. "I know that it isn't you, and I don't know how far it can go. I just know I want to be careful." Knowing that Logan was willing to not just ignore the problem made him feel a hell of a lot better. "The only thing we know for sure right now is that Loki doesn't want any of us to be on the right track. He's looking for us to fall apart. The best thing we can do right now is not let him win. We stay together as much as we can for as long as we can, and we trust each other even when we really, really don't want to."
"Uh, actually, huge tower with a big A on it in the middle of New York City," Steve answered with a shake of his head. "That's the whole thing with us: no hiding. It's all out there. We're out there. People know our faces, they know our names - well, most of us. We each have our own suites in the tower, and most of R&D and the meeting rooms are downstairs. A lot of us also have places of our own, and you're welcome to if you'd rather. I've got a place in Brooklyn. Would've felt too weird not to even if the neighborhood's not exactly what it was." Steve's plate was a fastidiously balanced mix of eggs, bacon, fruit, and a large stack of pancakes. “I still spend a fair amount of my time at the tower for convenience.”
Bruce glanced toward Fitz, wondering at the man's apparently sour expression, before pushing the button. The numbers ran, and Jarvis displayed the results. "We have a winner," Bruce said quietly. Something else occurred to him a moment later, though, that tempered his excitement. "Jarvis?"
Natasha's eyes never closed. She watched the man's every movement with predatory intensity. Clint was beautiful when he was needy. Much as she enjoyed seeing him naked, Nat appreciated the fact that he was too eager to bother getting naked. The more she thought, the more she decided that unzipping might be sufficient for the night anyway. The idea of wrapping her legs around his leather-clad thighs sounded fantastic. She spared no attention at all for the man watching them. Darien would either enjoy the show or Clint could make it up to him later. She wasn't cold so much as attuned to her own needs and, to a lesser degree, to Clint's. "You look beautiful like that. I love you on your knees."
Clint shook his head. "He's in for a shock, sir. Loki's the type that'd convince you that you could, then turn the tables. He's really good at manipulating people just by talking."
"Sounds good to me," Logan readily agreed. It sounded extremely reassuring, actually, having someone nearby that he felt any kind of connection with. "Guess I'll haveta go shoppin' for somethin' to wear. Not sure how many more washes my stuff can take," he remarked as Steve let him into his room. It was a pretty nice place, a lot more plush than Logan was used to, though that didn't say much. A metal cot and a wall locker would have felt more familiar, but Logan wasn't going to gripe about having a real mattress to sleep on again.
"Ah, no, forgive me. You will be going back. Miss Romanov shall stay with me a bit longer." Loki smiled at the woman with no affection whatsoever. "Tell your friends she will be returned unharmed when the time comes... not that they'll believe you." He plucked the gold sphere from his pocket and, with a flick of his wrist, sent Logan back to where he'd started.
Tony hadn't been prepared for Steve to be so understanding and nice about the whole thing. He half expected his colleague to be disgusted, or at least too uncomfortable to continue talking. But the man out of time remained by his side, offering comfort which Tony did not think he deserved. He eased his hand away from Steve's gentle touch, getting on his feet again and moving toward the window. "Was it even rape? I keep asking myself that," Tony said softly. "Yeah, I was drugged, but I thought it was you the entire time. And I wanted you. So, does that make it count?"
"Feeling's mutual," Scott agreed with a smirk. He stepped under the flow of the water and held a hand out to Logan. "It's like you always look surprised... which I guess maybe we kind of both are with all of this." He closed his eyes and looked almost concerned for a moment as the water heated his skin and washed away the sweat and cum. "I've felt weird all day," he finally admitted. "Like... it's like when I'm charged up, power-wise. I don't know how to explain it, there's just this... this pressure. Energy, maybe? I'm sure there are perfect scientific words for it, but that's the way it feels, like something's curled up waiting in the back of my head. I've felt it all day, but I still feel normal too. I don't feel like I'm about to blast a hole in the wall. Or you. Which is good, I guess, since the dick took my glasses."
"The nanobots are coming along," Fitz proclaimed proudly. He sent his results to Tony's screen and looked unreasonably proud of the work. "I don't know how far they'll go yet in terms of repairs, but they're enough to keep you in a fight longer than you should be able to stay in one." The gun was a larger issue than general battle damage, and they all knew it, but already the nanobots were enough that they would give Tony more of an edge than he'd ever have with just the suit.
"I don't know... Bruce?... but I've heard plenty about your crew. Your genius buddy there seems like the sort who enjoys pushing buttons, though. Would think he and the green rage monster would be like mixin' nitro and glycerin."
Not bothering to hide a broad grin at the reply, Steve suggested, “Maybe we meet in the middle? Clint keeps telling me I ‘lack culture’ because I haven’t seen Star Wars yet. He said I’d like it. I have my doubts about taking Clint’s word for it, but Natasha didn’t disagree, so I’m cautiously hopeful.” Normally if Clint was outright lying or trying to pull one over on him, Steve could count on a discreet nod or signal from Natasha that he should give up listening to whatever nonsense Clint was spouting.
"Oh, you can bet there are going to be brain scans. You're going to Simmons right after this," Fury said, then pointed at Thor. "And you... you're going to ask me to let him live, too, aren't you? Considering how well Asgard held onto him last time, I'm not that inclined to play along."
Tony was positively trying to kill Bruce with his mind as Steve protested, obviously starting to panic. //I will kill him.// Tony put his arm around his lover and pulled him into a hard kiss, to hell with everyone's discomfort. "Babe, look... it's like the backup for the backup. The plan is to make sure Logan does this. Or that we find a way to make this thing not kill people. One or the other. Or both."
Clint had to fight to breathe evenly, to keep his hands steady. "No," he replied, voice faintly ragged but otherwise level. He loosed his arrow, only to feel his heart sink as it disappeared into thin air inches from Loki's face. Something inside him itched to grab the hammer at his belt and swing it at the god's smug face, but he ignored it. //Bruce, where the hell are you?// With Loki in play, they were well beyond worrying about property damage or a few broken bones. He felt helpless to protect Coulson and defenseless against whatever Loki was threatening them with.
Darien cried out as well, his whole body shaking as he came hard with Clint's cock pressed deep inside him and the man's teeth speared into his neck. It was amazing. The sounds he made were entirely incoherent. His own fingernails dug into Clint's shoulders, and he couldn't even remember when they'd risen up to find hold there. As Darien lay panting through the aftermath, he found himself wondering why in the hell he hadn't been trolling crazy spy organizations for hookups all along.
Phil chuckled and sighed at the feeling of Clint kissing him. It was a balm to his soul to know that they were okay, that they could still touch and enjoy each other, could still be affectionate even if it wasn't appropriate to throw themselves into anything more strenuous yet. "Glad to hear it. Here I thought I was just keeping you around to pretty the place up. It's good to know you have practical applications too."
Clint looked up, obviously relieved. "I enjoyed it, even if I didn't know that you... that you cared that much. You've always been there for me, Phil. You've always been a comfort," he said, savoring the way Phil's fingers explored his own. It was a strangely intimate gesture, something that he'd never shared with anyone. With all the scars and calluses on his hands, Clint was rather surprised by how much Phil seemed to like touching them. The archer quietly watched his handler's fingers trail over his own, smiling faintly. "Your place has kinda felt like home for awhile," he murmured shyly.
Steve felt his stomach twist but still managed to smile warmly and greet the men and women as they filed in. He shook each of their hands in turn and tried hard to remember which name belonged to which person. "Thank you all for coming out. I guess... questions?"
"Solid logic, except when it isn't," Steve mumbled. Louder, he assented, "I'll talk to anyone who wants to listen."
"I think that might stand out," Coulson countered at once. "It's what you would expect - pose as a buyer. You're unknown to them and most people, honestly. You'll be relatively under the radar. Unlike most of our operatives, you haven't been on the news, and there's nothing about you that screams 'fed'. If you walk in and say you want to buy, they're likely to believe you. Of course you'll have access to funds from SHIELD to make whatever gestures are necessary to convince them that you've got the cash to back up your demands. I doubt any of that is outside your comfort zone?"
Tony stared hard at the blur that was Loki. He could make out an odd blue tinge but couldn't guess what it was. He started to come back with a snarky dodge to the question, then remembered that he was required to play along. He took a deep breath. "And from the user. And an arc reactor. But the whole framework was built around Mjolnir's evil twin, yeah," he said, wondering what was eating Loki. Considering how long it had taken for Loki to heal up from the thumping Clint had given him - Tony had seen the footage - Tony couldn't imagine that the god would be hurting too badly. At least, not for long.
"Thank you. I'm going to take this to Fury. Just... stand by." Steve felt lighter knowing they had at least a vague direction to head in.
Loki withdrew his fingers and turned Stark over in a beat. The mask he wore was a facade, but his strength was real, which made it easier to keep up the illusion. Stark looked almost drunk. Tired as he was, desperate as he was... it was fascinating. "I want to see you too." Loki thrilled at the idea of watching Stark come undone for him, wanton and willing even if he was pretending to fuck someone else while it happened. "You want me to stretch you more, or should I just take what we both need?"
The dart caught Steve in the shoulder, and he reached up to pluck it out only to find that his limbs refused to respond. He sank to his knees and then the floor, shuddering as an icy chill crept through him faster than his metabolism could compensate for. The man's lips moved, but no sound came out.
Scott stopped himself just short of actually moving into Clint's personal space and felt his cheeks flush with heat at the realization. "I... maybe. Yeah." He didn't want to go, didn't want to leave Logan hanging or be stuck getting poked and prodded when he could be of help to the team, but the longer he stood near Clint, the less he was thinking about anything at all. "Wouldn't mind a beer first."
"You're so hot... fuck, so hot... Tony..." Steve knew it wouldn't last long. In fact, he knew it would last no time at all. Tony looked too good, and the heat of his mouth was too overwhelming. He’d been hard already from getting Tony off, and the edge was closer than he would have liked. "Just keep doing that," he murmured, eyes falling closed as he tried not to think and not to move.
Scott was loving the scene not because he felt Coulson deserved the torture, really, but because the easy banter reminded him so much of the mansion. He missed it in a way. He didn't want to go running back. It wasn't his home anymore, but that didn't stop Scott from missing the good old days and the easy interactions with his friends. He was more grateful than ever that Logan was still there and still part of his day to day world.
"I think we owe Loki the same," Logan growled, ignoring the sharp look he got from Thor. "Or at least a thorough one."
Tony's expression softened instantly, and he tilted his head at the pair thoughtfully. Using his heels to drag his rolling chair closer to the bunch, he got uncomfortably close to Simmons and stared hard at her. "There may be hope for you, after all," he decided. "When you rebuild the reactor, scale it up 22.2 percent. Use the old palladium core and increase the cycles by 12 percent. And make it a modular connection. In case I have to hook things up to the suit instead." The last thing he needed was another bout of palladium poisoning.
Clint managed to pull himself together much more quickly, and he stood from behind the counter, raking a hand through mussed hair and hoping he wasn't still too flushed. "No need," he said with a cocky smirk. "We're done." There was no point pretending that something more than hand holding hadn't been happening.
The gravity of the words sunk in quickly, and Steve sighed. “Can he stay close to me? I mean, can I stay close to him? He said you wanted to put him somewhere secure-”
"Sure," Clint replied, passing Coulson another cup. "Least I could do, since I think I drank a good three-quarters of the last pot." He lifted his cup to his lips, deliberately took a sip, swallowed, then asked, "So, you've really got the pants?" When Coulson nodded, Clint couldn't help a faint blush. Maybe the boxers were 'too intimate,' but Clint couldn't help but find the pants only slightly less so. "I think... I think I might be flattered," he said with a faint laugh.
Logan couldn't help a short chuckle at that. "Scott, I joined a team with a demi-god, a guy that makes me look like I should run an anger management class, someone whose superpower is money, a pair o' Freudian slips, and a fossil, and you're worried about me gettin' scared o' you bein' bi?" He shook his head and continued before Scott could answer. "'Course I'll be your wingman. Can't have you runnin' off with the coyote uglies. I mean, you're at least a ten." //That last part. That last part should've stayed in my head.//
Tony warmed at the idea. He was enjoying himself in Steve's company and he hated for the night to end. "Sounds good," Tony enthused. "Have you caught up on any recent films, or do you prefer the classics?" He couldn't imagine what Steve might make of modern day movies, with their CGI and high definition widescreen. "Me, I'm more of a Bogie and Bacall kinda guy." Tony reached over and covered Steve's hand with his own, offering a gentle squeeze. "And just for the record? I've missed you, too."
Steve sighed his reluctance at the idea but finally pushed himself away from Tony and the bench. "Alright, guys, back to work. I'll see you," he added with a smile for Tony alone, "later." It was hard to walk away, but they had important things to work on. Tony couldn't stand to be distracted and still do what he needed to do to make sure that everything came out alright.
Steve continued tracing his fingers around the ring of metal but nodded. "No surgery, then," he agreed with a faint smile. He didn't want to put Tony in danger, but one small device being the difference between life and death made him uneasy. //Then again, it's a device Tony made.// For all his flaws, Tony had a mastery over technology that left him impressed and often confused. "You make sure this keeps working, and I'll back you up with the aliens."
Logan couldn't help but chuckle softly at that. "Maybe for them. I don't think I would've cared," he decided, pressing a kiss to the top of Scott's head. It felt good lying against his lover. His hands wandered aimlessly over Scott's bared skin, not trying to titillate as much as just absorb the fact that they were together and memorize every last inch of Scott. "Might've even helped the healin' process. Should be a mandatory part o' treatment: shirtless hot guy in the lap."
"You can fight in your tighty whities if that's what makes you feel better," Steve answered, too relieved to really care what demands Logan made. As long as what he wanted was legal, he definitely seemed like a guy it was best not to fight with. Deciding it might not be a bad idea to change the subject for a moment while the tension slowly flowed out of the room, Steve nodded toward Logan's drink. "So does it do anything for you?" From what he'd read, Logan's metabolism was on par with his own. There were days when he hated being entirely unable to get drunk, and frankly meeting Logan ranked right up there.
"Thanks. Thank you. For... you've been amazing. You are amazing." The truth was he didn't know if he would have gotten through that first night so well without Pepper beside him.
He stepped uneasily onto the ethereal bridge, looking doubtful of its ability to hold them. "I think I'd prefer something more... concrete."
That was all it had taken. Loki was actually stunned at how easily Tony had given in. He'd been more desperate than Loki gave him credit for, and the thought was surprisingly affecting. Stark was honestly in love. It was strange to be on the receiving end of that particular emotion even if it was borrowed, even if it was entirely false. He held fast to the facade and met Stark's lips as carefully as he knew how. His own experiences had all tended toward the desperate, the illicit. The moments were stolen moments. He supposed kissing Tony Stark was a stolen moment too, he'd just moved on to an entirely different kind of theft.
Loki met his gaze as evenly as he dared without it seeming like a challenge. "My 'angle,' as you put it, is that I have nowhere to go. It is no surprise to you that I have worn out any welcomes that have been offered to me. I have no home on Asgard save in a cell, and I have no wish to spend the rest of my existence barely living." He dared to look at Tony only for a moment before he shifted his gaze to Fury. "Mr. Stark felt that if I were able to prove myself that, perhaps in time... that I could be of help here." The words felt strange on his tongue, but not entirely wrong. "I realize there is no way to make amends, but I can help. I would... like to help."
Steve winced. He could just imagine what Bruce was feeling in the wake of everything, what Tony might have said to him. "Give him a little space, okay?" Steve heard his phone chime and retrieved it from the counter, humming softly. "Meeting in thirty with Fury. I... I think I'm gonna sit this one out. Tell them I have a note from my doctor." He lay the phone down on the counter again and crossed his arms as he regarded Tony more seriously. "I meant what I said: you could take over. It may not be forever, but the Avengers need a leader who can go out there and get it done."
Clint quirked a faint smile in response. He wondered silently to himself what condition they'd get their teammates back in, but tried not to think about it too much. He took a long drink of his beer and sighed. "I do still owe him an arrow in the eyeball." He glanced at Coulson. "I guess you owe him a lot more." He didn't know for certain what had happened to Coulson. He knew that Loki had apparently killed the man, knew that they'd all been at his funeral. Then, suddenly, he was alive and kicking again. Back from a "vacation."
Phil's grip on Clint tightened as much as he dared, held him fast and willed his own trembling to stop. "No. Listen to me, Barton, this is not your fault." He threaded his fingers into Clint's spiky hair and closed his eyes against the feeling of Clint's tears. He hated Clint hurting. He hated that he couldn't fix it or protect his lover. "The only person responsible for this is the asshole who just left." Phil sighed softly and kissed Clint's hair. "I need to do whatever I can to protect you. When we get out of here, if I'm whole and sane, it's going to be because you're getting out with me. It's going to be because you're okay."
Steve's jaw clenched, and he nodded. He'd known that already from the look on Bruce's face, from the way Fitz-Simmons wouldn't meet his eye, from the catch in Tony's voice. "Enough," Steve assured firmly. He'd had a hand on the other man the whole time, unable to break contact even if it was a bit awkward. "I can take whatever I have to. We'll get everybody back, and I'll be fine." He slid his hand behind Tony's head and kissed him gently. No one watching mattered. He knew most of them would look away and try to give them the only kind of privacy they could afford for the moment.
Loki had just taken a seat as directed, hoping that he could sit quietly in the corner for awhile and be properly ignored, when the doors opened again. He watched Clint's hand fall to the hammer and felt a rush of annoyance. The fear was gone - he doubted that, much as anyone in the room hated him, they would stand idly by and let Barton kill him in cold blood - but that left plenty of room for other things. "It's a tea party, Agent Barton." He ignored the acidic look that Coulson shot in his direction. "We were waiting for you, actually."
"I think I can get behind that sentiment," Logan decided, kissing Scott again. It felt like it had been too long without the other man pressed close to him. "Been a long day. But glad for the happy ending." He glanced around the rec room. "I think everybody else is gonna be busy. Wanna use that big screen TV and catch a movie?" He wasn't sure how good he'd be about keeping his hands to himself, but he was willing to try. They needed the quiet and the normalcy.
"Start walking," Clint directed, his voice quiet and level. Any of the anxiety and stress that had shown in him a moment before was gone. This was what he was wired for. This was a situation he knew exactly how to handle. The archer tensed at the grit of metal on metal. "Put 'em away, Logan." A faint twitch, a wrong move on Logan's part, and Clint let the arrow fly, aiming it perfectly between invincible adamantium ribs.
"We will," Phil assured firmly. "We will." He held Clint close and kissed his hair, wiping away the tears with one hand. Though he didn't know how he'd do it, he promised, "If there's anything I can do to keep him away from you, I will." Perhaps because of what Clint had already been through or perhaps just because he was more Creed's type, he presented a more enticing target. It killed him that he could do so little. Their best bet was a SHIELD team coming to get them. Their second best bet was the man in charge giving them a reprieve. Something told him Loki wasn't all that likely to release them while they were still of entertainment value to one of his own toys. Seeing Clint stripped down made him remember all to vividly the withdrawn, uncertain man Clint had been for awhile after Loki took over his mind. He still remembered with a chill the realization that Barton had been compromised. He knew how he'd felt hearing it, and he couldn't fathom going through it. Even being tortured by Creed, at least he'd been in control of himself and his reactions to a degree. "Whatever happens, I'm right here with you, Clint. We're in this together."
He wasn't even sure Steve would be awake so late, considering how easily he tired out, so Tony stepped into his suite quietly. Finding his lover already in bed, he settled lightly on the edge of it and watched Steve sleeping for awhile. He was as beautiful asleep as awake, perhaps moreso. Asleep, he wasn't wearing his usual look of worry and doubt. Tony stood, stripping down to his boxers before quietly sliding into the bed beside his lover, trying his best to keep from waking the blonde.
Steve grabbed for the lube and coated his hand. He reached down and grabbed their cocks. It was a sloppy process, almost ridiculously so, but somehow more pleasant for it. Being with Tony was a messy business from start to finish. Steve smiled and stared for a second before kissing Tony soundly on the lips again. "Can't wait until we can do this without worrying about hurting you." He always worried a little. There was just a touch of fear, a hint that he might push too hard or too fast, but as long as he let Tony guide him, Steve knew they'd figure that out.
"I'm sure I'll get over the shock eventually," Tony deadpanned, prodding at a few more files on his tablet. "Looks like now all we have to do is wait."
Phil could see that there wasn't much chance of Steve managing to say more. He put a hand on Clint's shoulder, firm enough to be sure that he felt it even through the buzz he had going. "Now's not the time. You might not be worried about your marbles right now, but the rest of us are."
Having some space between them and the hammer felt better. Coulson let himself relax and tried not to hiss with pain as his bruised back came into firmer contact with the seat. It would be a few days before the ache subsided, but getting thrown around a little was a small price to pay. He wished they'd been able to secure Loki, but until they found a way to knock him out without using the hammer, they didn't have a secure way to transport him. Not one that Coulson was interested in risking without Thor. //Where the hell is Thor?// It irked him that they were chasing Loki and trying to protect the earth from the god's brother without any assistance from him. It irked him and it worried him. Being cavalier about the safety of his girlfriend's planet wasn't really Thor's style. "For tonight I think we all need a long, hot shower and a good night's sleep. Tomorrow we regroup."
Meanwhile, Clint untied Darien's arms, then unceremoniously shoved Jason away. Before Jason could protest, Clint gave him a cold stare. "You know what to do." While Jason silently climbed under the table, kneeling in front of Darien, Clint positioned himself where Jason had stood. Wordlessly penetrated Darien's well-used ass while Jason wrapped his lips around Darien's cock.
Tony's breath caught at the dirty talk. It was nowhere near the raunchiest thing a lover had said to him, but hearing it come from Steve was enough to leave him struggling for control. Thankfully, Steve seemed to need a moment to get a grip too. "Yeah... God, yeah, I can.... I can do that," he murmured distractedly. He resorted to rocking his hips slowly, ever so gradually letting himself sink a little deeper into his lover's body with each shift. "Fucking love the way you sound when you're this turned on..."
Scott slammed a blast of concussive energy into Mystique as the woman tried to round toward them from behind and felt a rush of relief that he'd maintained control. Even after a few intensive sessions on the range, Scott wasn't feeling entirely confident. Control without mechanical assistance was new to him, and he was grateful to see the Hulk approaching Loki. Silently he prayed it would work as a solid distraction.
Clint was hoping Coulson hadn't heard the soft whimper that escaped him when he wrapped his hand around the archer's cock. It took him a moment to remember that he had other things to take care of, and he fumbled with Phil's belt and fly before he finally managed to get his hand into his partner's underwear. He pressed his cheek to Coulson's, his hand wrapping surely around his handler's cock as he breathed, "Hope you're okay with me sucking you until your eyes roll back and your knees buckle."
"We don't need two cases for them to deal with," Clint said, voice firm, in mission-mode. He was compartmentalizing.
"Funny how people think it only takes once," Victor said, faintly amused. He wondered how long it took the X-Men to figure out that heaving him off a high cliff hadn't done much in the way of killing him. "Well, let me know when we're ready to move. I'd love to finish what I started on Stark, and that shitbird archer, too."
"Well, uhm, I think we might be stuck with the suit now," Tony reminded Steve. "But since I get to say when it makes an appearance, I think we can still keep this exclusive. Fiji's nice. Or I could buy an island. Which one would you like?" he asked, dead serious. As he talked, Tony ran his hand over Steve's abs, dipping it teasingly low before moving it to much more innocent territory. He knew Steve would have nothing serious for the moment, but it didn't hurt to remind the blonde of more intimate play.
Tony smirked, trading knowing glances with her and Bruce. "It did, quite a bit. Might even say I feel inspired," he said, dragging up the specs on the gun and frowning at them as he munched a lemon tart. "There's gotta be a way to turn down the volume and still kill Thor's shithead brother."
Clint tensed, quickly stepping back from his handler and eyeing him as if he expected an attack. "She can have whatever readings she wants off of me, but it needs to stay with me," he said, his voice soft but his eyes steely, glimmering again with the strange energy. "We know it's dangerous to anyone but me." He looked down at the weapon, fingers trailing over the runes on the handle. "Besides, why should they have it? I can use it to protect us."
"Yeah, well, I am an old guy, and no scotch until you're not on the hard stuff." Steve flicked the IV trailing into Tony's hand. He let himself relax, setting aside the magazine and reaching for Tony's other hand to take it tightly into his. "You scared the hell out of me. Again. Any chance I could talk you into not almost dying for awhile? That would be really nice." Steve couldn't resist lifting Tony's fingers to his lips, ignoring the fact that the nurse checking his vitals turned a vibrant shade of red.
Clint sighed happily, letting Phil work. "God, you're good at that. I mean, I knew you could patch folks up in a pinch, but... I think you should be a doctor. Or at least my doctor. No playing doctor, though. That's a little weird," he decided. He knew he was rambling, but he felt too relaxed and comfortable to worry about what Phil might think. Phil smelled amazing, even under the beer and fried food, and there was a halfway decent band on the stage. Clint wondered absently if this was what everyday life was like for normal people.
The sincerity in Logan's gaze was enough to make Scott regret withdrawing. Instead he let the alcohol thrum through him and actually smiled. "S'okay. I owe you one. For getting me. For letting me crash in your bed. For the beer." Scott found himself smiling more broadly. "It's starting to feel like we're actually friends." He was overcome by a strange affection at the realization and looked down at the bottle. He wasn't sure quite how to handle it or what to say to Logan. He'd made things more awkward than they had to be all on his own. "Tell you what, I promise I'll stop talking about picking up guys if you stop worrying about me almost getting my dumb ass killed."
"Good boy," Clint purred, rubbing his hand over the quickly reddening handprint he'd left. He glanced at one of his silent observers. "Jason." A flick of his eyes was all it took to communicate what he wanted. He moved to squat in front of Darien once more, roughly tangling his hand in the other man's hair and giving him a cocky smirk as Jason unceremoniously spread Darien's ass cheeks and began slowly licking his entrance. "Don't worry," Clint purred. "We're just gonna fuck your brains out." Clint had to fight to keep from moaning just thinking about what he was going to do to the other man.
"She's ready to go back to her usual duties too... which is why we need to get you taken care of as soon as possible. Preferably before she finds enough reasons to decide it's worth the paperwork to kill Barton." He knew May well enough to know she wouldn't actually do Clint harm unless she had to, but that didn't mean she wouldn't want to. As far as May was concerned, the mish mash of semi-agents that were the Avengers were more trouble than they were worth. Coulson disagreed stridently, but he also understood why she thought so.
Hawkeye stared darkly at the monitor, the muscles in his jaw working as his hands balled into fists.
Steve grinned up at the other man. He settled happily next to his lover and curled himself around Tony. With his head on the pillow, he gazed at Tony with what could only be called adoration. "You're beautiful like that... lost in the moment..." Steve's fingers trailed gently down over to the arc reactor. Knowing what it was holding at bay scared him. The thin line between safe and dead when it came to Tony was too tenuous. "There's no way to take the shrapnel out?" he asked after a long silence.
Clint gave Phil an odd look but stepped through the door nonetheless. He was starting to decide that his handler had a strange sense of humor, because he was fairly positive that the other explanation for Phil's behavior was like explaining that the rain was god crying... when it was often, in fact, a direct result of Thor showing up. Clint lead the way through the older theater, noticing with a grimace that his feet were squishing through god-knew-how-many years' worth of soda residue. Settling in one of the uncomfortable seats, he put the arm down, then leaned away from Phil's seat. "Never enough armrest for two people. Always makes it awkward," he noted.
Tony seemed indifferent, stuffing his hands into his pockets as the elevator continued to move. "What about you?" he asked his remaining companion.
"I'm sure they can," Logan agreed with a smirk. The three made sure their tabs were taken care of, and Logan led the charge back to the SUV. He'd already insisted on getting the keys from Clint before they'd ever entered the club, and the three of them piled into the vehicle and were on the road quickly enough. Logan was pretty glad for the center console next to the driver's seat, because he was pretty sure that he'd otherwise have dragged Scott over next to him and done some breathtakingly distracted driving on the way back.
This is one of the chapters (along with the next one) that makes that dubious consent tag needed. The events are important to the plot overall, but skim the smut if you think that might be a bad scene for you.
"We cross the bridge and join with my companions. They are equally frustrated with the current situation. Fandral is supposed to alert some of the guards we believe are sympathetic. That should be more than enough. We storm Lady Frigga's chambers first. Once she is safe, we will be free to face Thor as needed."
Though he still felt a thrill of fear at the thought of what the hammer might do to Clint, Phil nodded. "Agreed. At this point, things that end with him being in tiny, mashed up pieces are an acceptable risk." He was sure as hell not letting anything happen to Clint, but he was going to live to see Loki die. That was only fair given that the god had been responsible for his death and now his torture. Worse, Clint's torture on more than one occasion. "Actually, I wonder if we can get Fury to tell us how he brought me back so we can kill him more than once. I think that might make me feel a little better."
"No one's business. I know," the man agreed as gently as possible. "That's solid logic except when it isn't, and it isn't. You're not just Steve. You're Captain America, and we both know that's not a no strings attached proposition. You'll have to talk about it. Tony too if he's willing."
"Mind filling me in?" Darien ventured as he zipped himself up and used a nearby discarded shirt to wipe off his hand. There was apparently no rest for the wicked, and he felt no need to pretend to be scenery when shit was obviously going down.
Loki grabbed the man's hips and, smiling wickedly, lined himself up. Stark was open and relaxed, and it was surprisingly easy to work his way inside. It took a few forceful thrusts, but soon he was buried to the hilt in Tony's body. Though he more often bottomed, the change wasn't unpleasant. Certainly it was worth it to see the way Stark's mouth fell open and the look of abject pleasure etched onto his handsome face. //And people talk of lies as if they're a bad thing.//
Logan nodded, leading the charge out of the building. Not having wheels of his own in the garage, they settled for a cab ride and some friendly locals to tell them where the best place to eat was. As they settled at a table, Logan looked over the menu. "Not bad." He glanced at Scott. It was the first time they'd been out of the tower together. "You good?" It was asked casually. Logan didn't want to treat Scott like he was made of spun glass, but he also didn't want the man putting too much pressure on himself for the sake of a simple outing or trying to normalize things again.
"I thought we remembered that a bit differently," Clint replied, almost dizzy with pure relief to hear the woman's voice. Knowing she needed more than stupid jokes, though, he kissed her hand. "It was our first SHIELD mission together. We got pinned down when our contact turned rogue and blew out our comms. We were surrounded. We finally managed to quit arguing with each other long enough to get out alive. I had a sprained ankle, and you somehow managed to halfway carry my ass to the LZ for exfil," he recounted, hoping that the words could help calm her. He wanted to demand to know what had happened, but he knew it was more stress than the woman needed in the moment.
Coulson actually had to bite his tongue to keep from snorting. He'd rarely seen Fury so angry about anything but council meetings. The man looked ready to kill someone. "Right now, the issue is that Loki's licking his wounds, but he'll be back. When he is, the team still needs to be functional."
Clint frowned, giving Phil a worried look. "'Keeping you up and walking around'..." he echoed slowly. His first thought was nothing to do with putting Steve back to being Captain America. Instead, he zoomed in on one question. "You think it's something that might... stop keeping you up and walking around?" he asked, feeling a small stab of fear. He was pretty sure he couldn't handle Coulson dying again. At least, not without it being well into the future. Preferably after Clint himself had gone ahead and kicked the bucket.
"I like that plan," Clint decided, his fingers idly tracing Phil's as he finished off his coffee and put the cup down on the coffee table. He was relieved that their relationship didn't have to be a secret. He was fairly sure that the RUMINT would be circulating fairly quickly anyway, and the headache of trying to keep it all under wraps would have been too much. //Though...// "You know some people are gonna think it's just me... uh... being me, if you know what I mean." People had speculated that Phil didn't even have relationships, that even the cellist had been bunk. On the other hand, most of SHIELD knew that Clint went through people like tissues. "It's not, I mean, but... I'd get it if you didn't want folks to know right away."
"Um, yeah," Steve answered as he followed Tony in. He felt out of place before they even entered the club. Much like Logan, the posh exterior and velvet ropes had left him with a creepy, crawling feeling that the place was going to be very much the opposite of the cozy bar he'd been hoping for. Inside everything was chrome and velvet and glittering chandeliers, and for a few minutes all Steve could do was stare open-mouthed at the bar itself. Once his gaze finally lowered Steve picked up on another fact about the place. There were men everywhere. Only men everywhere. "Uh, Tony?" he ventured quietly. When the billionaire seemed too distracted chatting with an acquaintance to turn around at once, Steve tapped him impatiently on the shoulder. "Tony, is this... is this a gay bar?"
Loki glared at the man more to soothe his own nerves than because he thought Tony could see well enough to appreciate it. "I suppose that's possible. Anything is possible." It would have soothed him more to strip Stark down and make full use of his newest acquisition. It hardly seemed sporting considering that they were both half dead. "Would it be safe to assume that you have no need to be restrained when any attempts to escape would mean their lives?"
Tony followed soon after, though far more quietly, gasping softly as he shot his release into Steve's mouth.
Phil knew objectively that the way he'd ended up twisting Clint so that he was half turned against him probably wasn't comfortable. Of course, judging from the way Clint was moaning into his mouth and clutching at him, that didn't seem to matter. Phil silently thanked a god he'd never particularly believed in. The kisses weren't desperate, but they were insistent. Phil wasn't interested in giving either of them time to breathe or do anything but soak each other in.
Clint grinned wickedly and gave Darien's cock a squeeze through his slacks. He kissed a trail up to Darien's jaw and planted a rough bite there, then threaded his fingers into Darien's hair. "C'mon." He dragged Darien toward the back rooms at a quick pace, gesturing to a couple of his acquaintances in the bar as he went. Both of the other men sported military haircuts, lean muscle, and a fair number of tattoos. As Clint stepped into one of the available rooms, he bent Darien over the only "furniture" in it: a low, narrow padded table. The other two men quickly tied Darien's hands out to his sides, leaving him face-down and more or less helpless. Pleased with the view, Clint stepped close to Darien, running his hand through the other man's hair and then using it to tug Darien's head up and smirk down at him. "You look good like this."
Clint smirked. "I'd be offended that you're not all gathered around my targets, but I think Logan's already had enough of my marksmanship," he said, sidling up to the feral mutant and nudging him in the ribs.
Logan glanced back at Natasha to see if agreeing was the right idea, then nodded back to Bruce. "Yeah. We're gonna smash 'im. We'll need your help, Banner. You're comin' back with us, right? You gotta calm down to do that..."
Natasha snorted at that. "Boys. Here I thought he'd at least get a high five out of the deal." She clicked the movie off since they were summarily ignoring it anyway and stretched her legs out over Clint's lap. Tone and expression more serious, Natasha regarded the man at her side. "I am sorry if it makes things weird. I would have said something sooner if I thought it mattered." Natasha smiled fondly at Clint. "I just want you to be happy. Really happy."
"I don't want to concern you when you're being so kind to me, but you may be losing your mind," Loki cautioned with a sober expression. Between Stark listening to him, talking to him, and seeming to actually care about his well being or comfort, Loki had no idea what to do. Anger and fear and derision he understood well. He had defenses built up for all of those things. Stark's concern was something else. It was disconcerting to say the least. "When your friends come, it may be best if you stay here until I've had a chance to try to talk the Brotherhood down. If I can. They have little respect for me, and what loyalty they have to their true leader... they would prefer him back, I believe." Loki tilted his head, looking curiously at Stark. "Have you considered that they will become your enemies if I become your ally?
"You make a good point," Steve agreed with a bright smile. He could see the broken blood vessels blooming along Tony's jaw, and it was strangely enticing. As he unbuttoned his shirt, Steve couldn't resist the urge to press a gentle kiss to the spot followed by a quick flick of his tongue. His shirt fell behind him, and Steve discarded the belt that Tony had unfastened in the meanwhile. Taking hold of Logan's shirt, he tugged it upward until there was enough daylight between Tony and Logan for him to actually manage shimmying it off its owner. Logan was every bit as powerful underneath the shirt as he'd felt, and Steve happily ran his fingers through the dusting of hair covering the man's chest.
Tony raised an eyebrow, intrigued. He never imagined that Captain America would not only tolerate him putting hickies on his neck, but actually ask for more. He didn't dwell on the surprise too much with his lover pressed close and his neck bared for more. "I like that idea. All mine," he murmured. Tony ran his tongue along the arc of Steve's slender neck, pausing to suck and bite at another spot of skin as his hand lightly teased his lover's cock.
"That's a pretty low bar to jump over," Scott pointed out with a smirk. They were all pretty damaged in their own ways from what he'd seen so far. He rolled onto his side and watched Logan quietly for a minute, enjoying the still moment and the fading buzz. It had been a hell of a strange few months, but it felt like the world was finally slowing down. If it slowed enough, Scott hoped he might even be able to start making sense of some of it. "Sleep tight. I say that mostly for self preservation. I'd rather not wake up eviscerated."
