‘Just how many secrets am I going to end up having to keep for you?’ he asks, raising an eyebrow, but there’s a smile on his face which tells Peter he doesn’t mind really.
‘Do you want me to wait here?’ Peter asks as the doors open and they step out onto the ground floor.
what are you doing? Ugh! Come here,’ he picks his baby cousin up again and sits down on the sofa with here. ‘No, no protests. Now give me a second and… Karen! Can you get some pictures up of the team please? I think it’s time for a bedtime story.’
‘Errr….’ He looks at the two gunmen who now both have their weapons facing him. ‘Let’s hope Mr Stark definitely put that in, because I don’t think I’m going to get much of a choice here.’
‘Everyone’s happy? Tony I’m not-’ Tony cuts Steve off with a kiss then rolls his eyes and shoves him towards the bar. Bucky chuckles and goes to join Sam and Rhodes in a conversation.
‘Yeah think I will,’ Tony can picture the teenager nodding. ‘Cause they really do. I don’t think I like vodka. They didn’t have any whiskey though I can’t tell if the stuff you drink is just as bad. But it probably wouldn’t have been as expensive as your stuff anyway.’
‘Why? Don’t you trust him?’ Bucky asks. ‘If you don’t trust him then why did you let the others go?’
‘I like him,’ Wanda decides, grinning at Peter’s slightly offended expression and taking the bottle of coke that’s offered to her.
‘And there’s what? Five, six of you?’ he purposefully keeps his face turned towards the terrorist as the bindings come free, Wanda holding the vest in place. He lowers his voice again, ‘FRIDAY prepare me a knockout dart.’
The abrupt turn in conversation is something that Loki has become accustomed to with their interactions. ‘I am fine going alone thank you. You should stay to help with greeting the other new arrivals.’
‘Might I suggest,’ Loki interrupts, ‘that we save the catching up for another time and get out of here before reinforcements arrive?’
‘Thank you,’ she can’t stop the relief from coming through in her voice. ‘Thank you, I feel…I feel like I’ll go mad if this carries on.’
‘I’m just trying to show the manners Natasha told me off for not showing earlier,’ he grumbles in response to Harry’s comment.
Steve turns bright red and throws a pillow at his friend, scowling at Tony when he joins in the laughter.
None of the officers had told him about the other two gunmen though. So currently his spidey-senses are having the workout of their life as he dodges bullets. Thankfully the officers are actually trying to help rather than leaving him to it.
Peter nods and gets to his feet, gesturing for Wanda to follow as he begins to remove his shirt, revealing the blue and red costume underneath. Tony can’t help but feel proud of him.
Strange laughs. ‘No I think I’ve been skating a grand total of five times in my life, none of which ended with me staying standing the whole time.’
A/N: Hey everyone! So we're now officially on the road to Infinity War! Let me know what you think of Bruce and Thor's return in the comments, I do love to hear from you about where this is going and how you feel about it. Please do also leave comments on where you think changes need to be made, I find them really useful so please don't be worried about leaving them.
threatened you. In the meantime I’m running around like a fucking moron trying to work out where they’re holding Tin Can, all the while wondering, if I do stumble across him, are you going to be there with him? I guess… I was just so fucking
Natasha quirks an eyebrow. ‘What happened to make you such a bah humbug? You do realise this is people showing their appreciation for us right? Definitely something you want to encourage.’
‘Thanks Daredevil,’ he says, sliding the paper over to Deadpool who reads it carefully. ‘I owe you big time.’
Steve glances at the clock. ‘Tony it’s nearly two in the morning! They can’t have kept you in there for nearly twelve hours?’
Peter opens a new contact and hands his phone to the merc, careful to make sure he can’t see any of his background pictures, one of which is of him and May. ‘It’s not me I’m worried about, Deadpool,’ he admits as the man types away. ‘It’s Mr Stark and the others. It’s the people in my life when I’m not being Spider-Man. What if I can’t protect them and Hammer tries to get at them?’
‘Because I was under the hope that the fair lady MJ would accompany us and provide me with some solace during this trial.’
Wade’s arms fall to his side and his expression closes down. ‘You should have said if you wanted me to keep my distance while they’re here, Pete.’
‘All audience members. We’ve got them identified as a Sarah Whittle, August Brain, Emma Lockwood, and two high-schoolers Edward Leeds and Peter Parker.’
‘The team should be in Vienna by late afternoon, they’ll be ready to meet with you this evening. I’ll meet them when they land and then go to see Spider-Man.’
‘I better take Wanda her morning tea, she’s a little grumpy when she wakes up without it,’ Vision says. ‘After Bucky had a clock thrown at his head when he tried to wake her up once, it’s fallen to me to be the alarm clock. Phasing does have its uses.’
‘Of course, sir, I selected the constellation light for tonight. I believe it will go well with their bedtime story.’
‘Hey!’ the barrel of a gun suddenly appears in Peter’s face and he jumps back, resisting the urge to set off a web shooter. ‘What did I tell you little shits about talking?’
Bucky opens his mouth to retort when the worst sound he has ever heard rips through him. He screams, trying to cover his ears against the noise, and sees Steve and Thor doing the same next to him. Even T’Challa, protected by his suit, is brought to his knees.
There’s a brief silence, then there’s a hand on his arm. ‘Steve look at me, please.’ Steve does as Tony asks him. This close Steve can see there’s flecks of gold in the dark eyes, and they are looking at him with an intensity that makes Steve want to believe anything that comes out of his mouth. ‘I swear to you I had no idea this is what was happening, I honestly believed everything was alright with your friend. I also swear to you that I shall get this sorted out and your friend
Tony and Bucky have a heart-to-heart; Vision and Wanda go on a date and Tony acts like a dad, much to Rhodey's and Bucky's amusement, and they listen to one of Peter's reports.
‘Do you remember Jacques at all?’ Bucky asks after a short pause in which they played a couple of hands.
‘I think they already have,’ Natasha points to where the aforementioned pair are currently hugging each other tightly.
‘Hey! Damn it, Pete,’ the dark skinned man curses, but Peter’s already ducked back behind cover, Wade leaning out the other side and getting Bucky on his arse. The two take off laughing before either of the men can retaliate and they’re kept busy by Steve and Tony. Wade tackles him to the ground as two snowballs goes flying over their heads.
‘You know what?’ Tony says, feeling his heart break at the tears in Peter’s eyes. ‘I think I just remembered another fairytale, and I bet you won’t have heard of this one.’
A/N: And that's your double update folks! Hope you enjoyed it, please do let me know what you think about the story so far and where it's going.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, this whole thing was based on a comment from a reader (I'm so sorry I can't remember who it was now!) who said they'd love to see a fight between Peter and Bucky. So basically this whole instalment built out from this chapter. So please please please do keep commenting and letting me know what you think and what you'd like to see. It might not materialise for a while, but it does end up finding a place in a story somewhere.
‘Is there no chance you can get it moved to next weekend?’ MJ asks him. ‘This is the only one for over a month the rest of us can all do.’
‘What the hell is that supposed to mean?’ Tony growls, finally getting up from his stool to confront the Captain.
Fury narrows his eye at him. ‘Alright, Stark, agreed. But I’m still not happy at how much you’re all protecting him. He’s Spider-Man.’
‘Tony,’ Steve cuts across the two of them, shooting Rhodes a look to keep his mouth shut. ‘Rhodey’s just worried. We all are. Apart from him and Nat none of us even
‘Boss? It looks like someone else has been given control of EDITH, it’s taking me longer to get through.’
‘Yes but they’re both going to be trying their hardest not to let the other win,’ Pepper points out, putting her mug down. ‘And I
‘And you don’t fancy going and resolving some domestic dispute? It’s better than watching daytime TV!’
‘Alright change of plan,’ Natasha says, ‘you two go in as planned and shut it down. Blow up as much as you can so they can’t piece it back together. I’ll go in and get as much information from their systems as I can so we know what the hell it is we’re up against. And so we can see if this Ajax really
He knows the smile he gives is not quite hitting the mark but he tries. ‘I’m not so sure I’d agree with you right now, but thanks anyway Doc.’
‘We did try to get hold of the Guardians of the Galaxy,’ Natasha added, ‘but for one thing they aren’t the most diplomatic group out there,’ Peter stifles a laugh, ‘and we couldn’t get through to them on the comms. Which means they’re either out of range or they’re on a job.’
The team had found out about Steve and Tony the day they got together. Not because of them telling anyone, or because of video footage, but because Wanda had been the one due to sit with Tony after Steve and had caught them cuddling in bed. The girl had been so excited she’d screamed and run off to tell everyone before either of them could stop her.
Tony shrugs again. ‘Many have tried all have failed. But you want to take an Avenger, Ross? You better be prepared to go through the whole goddamn team. And you’ll start with me.’
‘He didn’t,’ Rhodes laughs, ‘I’m pretty sure Pepper looked over the plans and made sure to add some storage space knowing how much of a collector he is.’
‘You’ve called her plenty of times now stop being a baby. You know both you and Wanda are not going to have a perfect Christmas unless Peter is here with us.’
She shrugs. ‘You’re fine underwater in the suit, so I didn’t see it affecting you in the field. Still kept an eye on you just in case.’
‘You can Doctor Banner,’ Peter cuts across him. ‘You just don’t want to. We don’t have time for what any of us want right now. Otherwise Venom would still be in his cell.’
Steve moves Tony’s hands away from the shampoo, picking the bottle up himself and squirting it into his hands, lathering it into Tony’s hair and massaging into his scalp.
‘No, but I’m not going to risk pushing Peter away by making my feelings as clear as you are. Nat and I spoke to him and got his side of things. And let’s be honest here Elsa: if he can take you out I’m sure he can take out Deadpool if needs be.’
‘Not everyone at once,’ Steve reassures him with a smile. ‘We’ll all take it in turns, that way you can see if there’s any difference in the sense you get from different people and different forms of attacks.’
‘Tony,’ she replies, ‘he said it might make you feel less uncomfortable at having to dance in the first place. Though I must admit I don’t know what he was so worried about, you’re a pretty good dancer.’
‘Oh yeah!’ Clint grins. ‘I think your exact words were: don’t let anyone call me, FRIDAY. And then she asked about Pepper and you changed it to: don’t let anyone other than Pepper call me, FRIDAY.’
‘It’s just basic Physics,’ he grumbles, swatting away the soldier’s hand, ‘any of them could work it out.’ He gestures towards his classmates.
‘Tony I don’t want you to think I chose him over you because I considered you less of a friend,’ he says, taking a few steps towards the genius. ‘I stood by him because I knew he was being accused of something he didn’t do and I couldn’t stand by and let injustice win when one of my best friends was involved.’
‘Right. No Bucky and no Steve,’ Tony nods. ‘Now we know Bucky’s name: Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes. With a bit of searching this is what JARVIS picked up.’
‘Sure we can, Quill,’ Bucky cuts him off, ‘this one just brought back loads of memories for us, why wouldn’t we take it back with us? It’s not about having the best looking trees out there, it’s about having the ones that are right for us and this one right here? This is the right one for us in the dining room.’
‘I will admit I wasn’t overly surprised when I found out you two were together,’ Fury shakes his head, ‘I just wonder why it took you so long to get there.’
‘Well I’m going to be staying here,’ Bucky says, ‘not got anywhere else to go. I think Vision and Wanda are going to be staying as well. Nat was saying something the other day about not spending it with Barton and his family for once, she wants to give them the chance to have a proper family Christmas with little Nathaniel now he’s a bit older.’
The team introduce the Guardians to ice skating, followed by carollers. But the carols don't quite go according to plan.
Sam looks at her for a few moments, then sighs, rubbing the back of his head and nods. ‘Alright, I’ve learned not to ignore your weird feelings. So, what do we do?’
in his chest doesn’t hit the concrete floor; he’s still struggling to breathe, not only because of the pressure on his lungs, but from the water he’s just been dunked in for the past thirty minutes. It’s just like being back in Afghanistan, and he’s pretty sure it’s no coincidence.
‘Send me the schematics,’ Hammer snaps, ‘or the next time you see your friend he’ll have a hole in his head as well as his chest.’
‘Uh, no, I was going to do that today. Been trying to get my head around everything else that’s been happening. Not to mention the fact that Tony and Steve are apparently now an item and the team seems to have adopted a teenager that’s half spider with a preference for nutcases.’
Tony shakes himself out of his thoughts as Bucky’s shout of ‘Shotgun I’m on Pete’s team!’ cuts through them.
‘Basically: half the world is on our side and the other half is out for our blood,’ Sam’s voice floats over. Natasha frowns in his direction. ‘What? You were going to pussy foot around it for too long.’
‘Yeah, course we will,’ Peter whispers back, ‘just give me a bit of time to think of a plan.’ Truthfully though he wasn’t sure how well this was going to end. His mask was in his rucksack which was still over by their seats; all of the hostages had been taken up onto the stage and there was no way he was going to be able to get to it in time. That meant if he was going to do anything he had to reveal who he was. But he wasn’t even sure he’d be able to do anything without
‘Dude,’ Harry laughs, ‘you were always one of the coolest people I knew, Pete, now everyone else knows it too!’
They’re interrupted by a tall blonde woman, looking very apologetic. ‘I’m really sorry to interrupt,’ she says looking at Peter. ‘I was wondering if you could help my friend? He needs to go to the bathroom but will need help finding it. He’s blind.’
A/N: Hey everyone! Thank you so much for the continued love for this story, I'm glad you're still enjoying it. Thank you for everyone who is taking the time to comment, I do love getting to read them and reply so please keep leaving your thoughts.
‘I feel sorry for the poor bastard that did that to him,’ his guest shakes his head. ‘You get a name for who did it yet?’
‘Stick on it here, Tony. I’d quite like to hear how your adopted son is getting on,’ Rhodes leans back in the seat.
‘Get behind me, Steve,’ Bucky says, planting Steve firmly between his back and a wall. Steve does his best to wrap his body around the part of Tony his shield isn’t able to protect.
‘Oh yeah right the kid who has literally been adopted by a billionaire and team of superheroes is going to be a normal person,’ MJ scoffs coming up behind Peter and clapping him on the shoulder. ‘Still good to see you. Not that I missed you or anything but, you know,’ she shrugs.
‘We’ll work out where it’s going when we actually get it home,’ Tony says. ‘Though personally I think it should go out the back so we can see it from the common area.’
‘You know,’ Valkyrie says as she chews her way through a sweet roll, ‘there is one thing I miss from the Yule celebrations.’
Natasha feels herself breaking into a true smile as she catches Sam’s eye and nods. Looks like they’ll be alright after all.
Tony’s smile is blinding, and there’s unshed tears in his eyes, as he reaches forwards to press a kiss to Steve’s lips. ‘Captain Rogers,’ he responds, ‘the honour would be all mine.’
‘Peter!’ he hears Clint’s call of greeting, and everyone turns to look at them as Wade comes in through the door behind him. Everyone giving him small smiles in greeting.
‘Cool! Dog pile!’ Wade jumps on top of the other two, grabbing hold of Bucky’s metal arm. ‘I got his arm! Get him Sam!’
‘Some group in New York I think? The return address is a community centre by the looks of things. Hang on I’ll go grab some scissors to cut the tape,’ by the time Sam comes back Natasha is still reading the return address. ‘Ring any bells with you?’
‘Perhaps if you paid attention to your phone you would have done?’ the sorcerer replies as he steps through a portal, Wong behind him.
Loki laughs. ‘Neither was mine. Sleep well, Lorena. I am glad the first trip to Jotunheim went so well, I will admit I was expecting a disaster.’
Bucky is more aware of the person walking next to him than he is of where Hulk might be. And considering one is walking almost silently, and the other is a giant making more noise than Tony and Peter left unsupervised in the lab, that’s quite impressive.
‘Good move,’ Steve congratulates him, but Peter can barely respond, trying to catch his breath and gain back control of his senses. Everything is still fuzzy.
‘Indeed. I have many years left ahead of me, unless I should fall in battle, so it not something that needs immediate attention but it is something I have had to consider. Though part of me has been too nervous to give it much thought. I…I had always thought I would wed for affection, if not for love. It’s what Mother had always told us. Though she and Father were an arranged marriage and they grew to love each other.’
‘No, he’s always like this,’ Peter sighs, the trickster comes to stand next to him as they watch Wade cut down the last few enemies with his katana. The constant commentary something Peter now just blocks out.
‘There’s an exit shaft on the south wall, just below where your room is, that’ll be the better one to use,’ he answers. ‘I’d normally go for one on the opposite side, just underneath my room so they’ll have that one covered. Head straight until you get to the third right, then you need the fourth left, slide down and then you need to grab the third exit above you. Climb up there and then you need the fourth grate underneath you. That’ll take you into the room with the flag.’
Considering she knows exactly where all the exits are, which tables have the sharpest knives for if she needs a weapon quick, plus there’s… ‘Point taken.’
‘Yes, but we’re making them to eat later not straight away. We have to bake these first,’ Wanda tells her.
Bucky reaches out and takes his hand in his, still looking out into the room where their friends were talking. ‘If you’re trying to tell me we aren’t going to go anywhere, Loki, I already knew that.’
‘See what I mean?’ Tony ignores his boyfriend and says to the teenager, who tries his best to hide his smile by ducking his head. ‘I’ll be fine, honey, now let’s go make sure Thor and Bruce are alright.’
‘He’s not anymore, Ned,’ he argues as they get closer to the main doors. ‘I swear, he wants to change.’
‘I can give it to him, miss,’ Ned volunteers, and Peter sends his friend a thankful smile before he steps out of the classroom.
He’d given up trying to keep the merc away during his patrols and instead agreed that he could join him twice a week if he promised to keep out of his way the rest of the time; he’d also promised only to step in when Peter was dealing with criminals, and not when helping out older and younger people. He wasn’t sure how they’d cope with Deadpool’s language. So far the older man had kept his word, and would only try and seek him out at the end of his patrol on the days when they weren’t supposed to be working together.
She watches him go with a smile, trying to hide the fact he’s completely turned her world upside down.
He caves. He tells him all about the phone call and Tony’s reaction and the new safety measures he’s put in place during patrols. He even confides his own fears about what Hammer could do to the inventor and why he wants him, how he’s now linked to HYDRA, how he’d been interested in Bucky. Everything.
‘You know what he said to Tony? When he took the gauntlet from him? He said it was better he did it because Peter would be able to get over losing him, but he wouldn’t be able to get over losing Tony. If nothing else, Nick, I’ll trust to the fact that he won’t let anything happen to Bucky and Nat because it would upset Peter too much.’
Peter opens and closes his mouth a couple of times trying to think of a comeback. ‘That’s not the point,’ he says eventually. ‘I only thought about becoming a superhero
‘I do,’ she reassures her. ‘I really do. Once we’ve got the Wakandan Accords settled I’m giving Tony the mission to throw the best party the Avengers have ever been to.’
‘Locked in the workshop where everyone had temporarily lost access to,’ Tony laughs, ‘FRIDAY’ll let you in.’
‘Brother?’ Thor’s weak voice comes from over Loki’s shoulder and the trickster spins to look at him.
He tries not to grin as Peter freezes and looks up warily at him. ‘Well, uh, you see the thing is…’ he runs a hand through his hair, looking everywhere around the workshop but at Tony. ‘It’s not a girl.’
Bucky can’t help but bring the trickster closer just before they move apart and presses a kiss to his still smirking lips. ‘Good,’ he says before moving down the line.
‘I can see where she’s coming from, all of his, shall we say less than genius ideas, all came about after something traumatic happened.’
Bucky shakes his head. ‘That right there sums up why I am so happy I left my teenage years behind like, a hundred years ago.’
‘Just get out, Steve,’ his voice cracks on the soldier’s name as he turns back to his work station, willing the tears not to fall. Steve doesn’t move for a couple of minutes, and Tony’s wondering if he’s going to have to find a way to throw the man bodily from his workshop when he hears him move. The door slams shut behind him and Tony winces at the noise.
Please please do let me know what you thought, I do love hearing everyone's opinions on things. Also please do let me know if you have any requests for fairytales for me to take on, or any pairings. I'm wanting this series to be a bit more of a challenge for me with different pairings so let me know if there's any you want to see.
‘Pete please I need something to drink and some form of breakfast before we start on this,’ Steve pleads, rubbing his temples. ‘And please stop pranking Bucky, he comes and moans to me.’
‘I thought you weren’t supposed to be upsetting me, Cap,’ Tony smirks, ‘and in order to do that I think you need to get up on this bed so I can use you as a pillow until my next babysitter turns up.’
Bruce takes in the bright red face poking out from the cocoon of webs holding the rest of the teenager’s body, his hands have been trapped behind him, hence why he’s finding it so difficult to get out of this himself. ‘How long until they wear off?’
‘What the-’ Tony breaks off as a familiar form lands in front of him, the red light around the alien now easier to see. ‘Wanda!’
‘Nothing you need concern yourself with, Stark,’ Strange’s stare is hard. ‘And you need not worry we will be able to help defend against Thanos.’
‘Hey Tony!’ Peter says, jumping over the top of the sofa and landing next to him, his energy is certainly returning quicker now that he’s getting some sleep. ‘What you up to?’
bad,’ Rhodes defends his friend. ‘Well alright in the run up to Christmas he is, he’s the worst Scrooge imaginable. But when you hit Christmas Eve he’s worse than a child.’
Peter gets changed in record time and is back in the common area as the rest of the team are finishing bringing out all of the food.
The man raises an eyebrow at him, and Steve would have sworn the guy was trying not to laugh at him.  ‘I work in R&D I’m sure I’ll be able to help, or at least speak to someone who can. Who are you anyway?’
Wade looks at Tony as if the man is as insane as Wade is. ‘Wait, sorry I had some crazy stuck in my ear. I swear you just invited me to Christmas.’
Reacting on instinct Peter wraps an arm around his attacker and sends a web up to stop their fall about twenty feet from the alley floor below them. He looks down to see who was stupid enough to tackle someone off the side of a building and sees none other than-
‘Alright that’s enough children!’ Tony cuts across the argument. ‘We’ve only got a couple of minutes until midnight and I’m not seeing the New Year in with an argument. Wade give the kid half the beer and then everyone’s happy.’
Two days into his hospital stay, where they were no signs of life, the medics were trying to convince him to give up. Tony had left them in no uncertain terms they were going to wait as long as Peter decided, causing him to sob into the inventor’s arms when they were alone again.
The Avengers Christmas Eve dinner is a noisy affair, which includes a lot of mock-arguments, teasing, shouting, name calling, food throwing, laughter, and even at one point a full table drum roll during one of Thor’s stories. Valkyrie, Natasha and Loki had a knife throwing competition, that Natasha won, and was only stopped going on to a second round by Steve complaining that they’d have to re-plaster
‘We’ve got the ice rink booked this weekend though after hours,’ he continues, ignoring the interruption. ‘So that way we don’t have to worry about any abilities getting out of hand and hurting members of the public. I think there’s supposed to be some carollers singing in Central Park afterwards so I thought we’d go and tick that tradition off the list while we’re there.’
‘By taking the blame publicly for it,’ Pepper says, stepping forwards, ‘he’s taken the pressure off of all of you.’
‘Yeah,’ he groans, ‘apparently our alien friend doesn’t appreciate the local flora. Oh boy,’ he dodges out the way of a blow from the alien’s hammer, only to have it throw a piece of debris towards him. ‘Please tell me you’re close, babe, because I need a bit of help here.’
‘Which is exactly why I still pay her,’ Tony sighs in relief. ‘Your brother’s in the best hands we can give him Thor.’
‘It’s Aunt Peggy’s handgun,’ she explains, looking at him and trying very obviously to bring her temper under control. ‘She took it with her everywhere she went, she was never without it. All of us cousins would sit around and listen to her stories and we’d all ask if we could have it one day. She’d never promise it to anyone, only saying “I’ll send it to the right person when I think the time is right”.’ She swings round to look at Tony. ‘Please,
‘Thor wanted to start a drinking contest, but Laura said they couldn’t do it with the kids around and Carol pointed out it would be rude to exclude the people who couldn’t make it today so they’ve decided to do it at New Year. I think even Fury is thinking of getting involved.’
‘Bruce is here? And Thor?’ Tony jumps up and grimaces as the action makes the arc reactor grind against his ribs. Peter is by his side in an instant, ready to support him should he need it, and they make their way to the elevator.
‘My brother is referring to the time I spent in the healing chambers when I was learning magic with our mother,’ Loki responds. ‘She insisted I learned some form of healing magic as it was a good way to learn intricate control; Thor teased me mercilessly at the time as healing was usually seen as women’s work. He soon swallowed his words when we were out on quests and my small knowledge came in useful on more than one occasion.’
‘I think I should wake you up with a kiss every morning,’ Steve laughs as they pull apart, ‘you definitely wake up quicker.’
‘He’s right, if I direct my magic to my hands I can restore them and I could have gone back to being a surgeon; but then I could not be a Master of the Mystic Arts.’
Thank you to everyone who is still reading this story, and especially to the people who are finding it for the first time and persevering with getting through all of it! Extra big thank you to everyone who has left kudos and comments on this story, I do love hearing your thoughts on what is going on. The support from this story has been incredible.
Then those are the memories flashing across the back of his eyelids. The chair. The machine they would use to recalibrate him. His missions. The pain. He suddenly realises he’s shouting out with the remembered pain, and then he panics. Being dragged further into the memory.
‘That and we’d never be allowed back in the courtroom, and some of us have to give evidence,’ Tony smirks at the archer. ‘Though I do appreciate the sentiment.’
Tony scowls at her. ‘I had a brief look at the weapons on the way back and the kid was right, definitely modified alien tech. Not well done though. Where is Peter anyway?’ he looks around the other occupants of the room.
‘Shall I run you a bath?’ he offers. ‘I feel like I need to make it better seeing as it’s my fault.’
A/N: Please don't kill me. I love you all. Please do let me know what you think though I'd love to see your comments!
The world is spinning so quickly Scott thinks it’s a miracle he isn’t sick. When he lands on the ground his suit automatically makes him normal size and he opens his helmet, taking gasping breaths as his chest protests from being winded where he landed. ‘Aww man that was not fun,’ he groans, trying to force himself not to be sick. ‘Hey guys? Everyone alright?’
Two weeks after their late night chat finds Tony and Bucky lounging on the sofas of the common area with Rhodes; the latter two are nursing beers, but Tony’s being sensible and sticking with soft drinks.
As always thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos on this story. The amount of love I'm getting for this story every week is still blowing me away if I'm honest. Please do keep letting me know if there's anything you'd like to see from my writing - I've had a couple of suggestions and requests, some of which will be going into subsequent stories, and some are becoming stories of their own! I think there's a few comments I still need to reply to so will do that soon I promise.
‘We should get out of here,’ he tells Wade, and the merc looks up to see the gathered school watching them through the window the next floor up.
Mama smiles at him proudly and nods. ‘Good, you’re learning. Took you long enough. Right well I better go check on Maisie. You all have a wonderful Christmas and I’ll speak to you all again on Christmas day.’
Peter grumbles to himself as he walks down the stairs, pulling his mask down over his face as he does. Dinner is nearly ready and he’s starving after training earlier.
Tony shakes his head. ‘Peter is old enough to make his own decisions, Bucky. Besides like you said: he’s taken out supervillains. If that doesn’t mean he can’t choose who to date I’m not sure what does. And anyway Wade knows he has my blessing.’
A Wakandan party is unlike anything Natasha has ever been at before, and that’s saying something. Everyone is dressed up and there’s more food than she’s seen in a while.
‘In a second, there’s just something I need to give you first,’ he says, opening the drawer that holds his art supplies. He hid this in there as he knows Tony doesn’t go into that drawer; just as Tony doesn’t like people moving things in his workshop, Steve doesn’t like people messing with his art supplies so he knows the genius wouldn’t have looked in there.
‘I suggested Nick is one,’ Tony says before Nick can open his mouth, ‘he’s already got experience dealing with this kind of thing, and mistakes made in the past can hopefully be avoided again. He’s got the spy connections and he’s used to dealing with politicians; not to mention he seems to know where to find “enhanced individuals” before they even make themselves public.’
She nods sympathetically. ‘Let’s hope for Flash’s sake he tones down his comments right?’ she grins. ‘Although I did hear a story that he got scared off by the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, kind of sad I missed it.’
‘Come on, Tony, don’t be a spoilsport,’ Bucky calls from the centre of the pool, where he’s already treading water. He looks strange without the metal arm.
‘You keep that up your face is going to get stuck like that,’ he jokes as he passes the Winter Soldier.
‘Shit,’ Bucky curses, swinging his gun backwards and forwards. Scott has managed to make himself small and Steve’s hoping none of their enemies have picked up on it yet.
Friday during his last class, which is just as boring as every other week, he gets a message from Tony. He passes it to Ned who looks at him with huge eyes.
Tony curses under his breath. The plane has now come to a standstill and the stairs are being locked into place. ‘What do we do?’ Wanda asks, immediately sobering up.
‘I know,’ he replies, suddenly finding there’s tears in his eyes. They don’t even start falling before Pepper has pulled him into a tight hug. ‘Honestly, Pep,’ he laughs into her shoulder, ‘how did I survive before I knew you?’
‘What did he do the project on?’ Bucky asks. Steve has to look away before he starts laughing, and he hears Wanda sniggering behind them.
The title says it all really... plus we have Shuri and Peter's reunion, and Peter overhears a phone conversation.
‘Are you trying to threaten me Stark? You’d have to have recorded it from the beginning to do any damage.’
Steve reacts fastest, darting forwards and grabbing hold of the alien’s spear, trying to wrestle it from his hold. ‘Get him out of here!’
Thank you to everyone who is sticking with this story, and welcome to any new readers! I still feel very honoured when I get a comment from someone who has just found the story and caught up with all the chapters. That's a proper slog!
‘To walk on, yes, but you don’t walk on them for long,’ the red head explains. ‘When you get onto the ice you’ll push your feet out to the side and glide along on them.’
Peter shrugs. ‘Dopinder is Pool’s usual ride,’ he tries to explain as innocently as possible. He barely remembers not to run up and give the man a hug, instead keeping pace with his mentor, and giving his partner an encouraging smile. ‘Hey Pool.’
‘You know Buck I’m starting to wonder when you’re going to ask me to be best man,’ Steve teases, not sure why that joke leaves a bit of a sour taste in his mouth.
‘You’re focussing on what you’ve lost,’ Bucky’s voice comes to him and he moves his head to where he thinks the man is waiting. ‘Focus on what you still have.’
‘Somehow I thought we’d end up with me becoming a therapist,’ Strange sighs with a chuckle. ‘Everyone can see you’re holding something back, Peter. I’ll admit I was hoping that this exercise of yours would end up with you confiding at least
‘He’s rigged the building!’ Bucky yells, trying to dash around the crates as Francis holds up a detonation device.
‘How old are you?’ he groans, very thankful for the fact he can oversee all of this from the ceiling whilst hanging garlands. ‘Steve! Help me!’ he calls as the soldier walks in, another box in his arms.
bringing back my boyfriend’s decapitated head,’ Peter shoves Bucky away, and the soldier just responds with a laugh and a hair tousle.
Strange sighs. ‘There was a magician that came here and attacked, he was one of our enemies but badly trained and barely had any skill so I was able to fight them off. I’m still not fully recovered from the battle at Kamar-Taj, however, so it has left me more drained than before.’
‘Oh, hit a sore spot have I, Wilson?’ the clash of axe meeting sword rings out briefly before they part again. ‘Come on, don’t tell me you didn’t think I’d know about you and Spider-Man? I mean it’s pretty obvious. I just don’t know how he puts up with you. Especially that face. Sure you aren’t giving him nightmares?’
Steve doesn’t let him get any further. He shoots the hand that’s holding the gun pointing at Tony, sending the weapon spinning and Rumlow clutching his hand in agony. Using the moment of surprise he then shoots the gun out of Caesar’s hand. Bucky’s only a split second behind his shot at Rumlow, firing at Andrew and then Paul. Sam’s left holding his gun and blinking at the lack of enemy. As Blake gets to his feet though, he reacts quickly and presses the gun to the other’s head.
‘Yeah well you can never be too sure with you,’ she replies, and Tony glares at Steve’s chuckle. His boyfriend gives him an innocent look, which is ruined by the smile on his face.
Steve looks up as Bucky enters the common area, most of the team are there waiting to find out what to do about dinner. He frowns at the angry expression on his friend’s face.
They turn their attention back to the three women talking on the show. ‘But you have to admit, Val, the teen does look a
‘She’ll come round,’ Peter shrugs, picking up some of the boxes, ‘she just doesn’t want to admit she’s looking forward to some fun.’
‘The kind of project that is Avengers’ business only,’ Natasha’s voice has a teasing lilt, but there’s a hard edge to it. ‘If I told you about it I’d have to kill you.’
‘Our first greatest threat came from Earth and we’re still trying to get rid of it,’ he points out, ‘our second came from outer space. You really think we shouldn’t have
impressed with that young man. As soon as Ross gets me out of here, he’s first on our list I can assure you.’
‘Maybe I’m just trying to make sure he doesn’t have to suffer with nightmares of a shield in his chest!’ he spits back. It takes a couple of seconds for the pained and shocked look on Steve’s face to pierce the fog in his brain and register what he’s just said.
I'm hard at work on the Christmas story so do please let me know if there are any requests for what to include and I shall try my best!
Clint pauses on his way back inside. ‘Good point, no not yet. She was going to talk to him between Christmas and New Year. Didn’t want to potentially cause a scene at Christmas.’
‘Wade! When did you guys get back?’ he asks, rushing over to give his partner a hug. He frowns when he feels how stiff Wade is. ‘Wade? What’s wrong?’ The merc has changed since they got back but that’s not stopped him from looking exhausted. There’s a bag over his shoulder as well that Peter recognises from his flat.
Matt Murdock doesn’t make an appearance, but he sees his partner coming out and taking new clients in. There’s a steady flow of people coming in through the door, and Peter’s leg starts twitching nervously. He hates being around too many people in a confined space.
Her frown deepens. ‘You can explain a few things to me,’ her tone turns hostile, and Tony blinks in surprise.
‘So, you’re saying my friends wouldn’t have been in danger if I’d just joined up right from the start?’ Peter asks, forcing his voice past the lump in his throat.
‘I can’t see Tony,’ Rhodes’ voice comes over the system. ‘Nor Pete… wait! He’s by the one helicopter! He’s not moving.’
‘Not as much as I should be,’ he admits, ‘all I know is that Jotuns can create weapons of ice as an extension of their limbs, and I have seen them able to create ice in their immediate area.’
‘Vis no!’ Wanda protests, and Peter starts to back away from the door, not wanting to intrude on their conversation. He wants to run in and promise them both that Thanos isn’t going to get hold of Vision or the Mind Stone, and that they’ve nothing to worry about. But he can’t lie to them.
‘Of course, Vis,’ she replies, brushing a strand of hair out of her eyes. They’re down in the training rooms practising with her powers; the others had left around an hour ago and if she’s honest Wanda is trying to distract herself from her worry that Peter hadn’t wanted any company yet. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘I thought they were going to get into a fist fight,’ Steve laughs shaking his head. ‘Thank God Gabe stepped in before I had to.’
Now he gets the opportunity to just swing through the streets, his mind clearing with every stretch of his muscles and the wind rushing past his ears. He finds a rooftop in one of the less busy areas to take a break.
‘Around eight,’ is the reply as Tony takes their glasses back to the mini bar. ‘Think you and Bucky can resist killing each other for an hour?’
‘The hell I can’t,’ the other voice responds, and Bucky gets his answer when the door to his room is opened and there’s Doctor Blake standing the doorway with none other than-
‘Oh you were always as shit at lying as you were everything else,’ Tony waves his comment off. ‘Tell me Hammer, did Ross also supply you with notes on my capture in Afghanistan? Is that why you tried to imitate that so much? Because you also knew about my hydrophobia? About where it came from? Did he tell you to make sure I died or did he just tell you to break me?’
‘You’ve been spending way too much time with Bucky,’ Sam sighs, ‘anyone would think you two were friends or something.’
‘Do I ever?’ Foggy grumbles as Peter follows Matt across the room to his office. Once there he tells him everything that happened.
Tony laughs despite himself and gestures for the wizard to follow. ‘Come on everyone’s getting the stuff ready. I have no idea what to expect so don’t ask. It depends on how enthusiastic Thor is feeling and if Loki can rein him in or not as to how crazy it gets.’
Thor laughs. ‘If I had to choose a bride simply on their ability to rule at my side there would be no other choice than you, Valkyrie. But although I hold you in high regard I am intending to make a queen of someone who holds my love, and I do not feel for you in that way.’
‘Let’s defeat the ugly alien and then we can discuss trips to MOMA,’ Tony suggests, grabbing one of the pieces of debris the alien had been trying to take his head off with and swinging it towards it, catching it on the side of the head and sending it flying backwards. As he goes to hit it again, the alien catches hold of it and flicks the debris sending him spiralling off.
Thank you so much to everyone who has left reviews and who is still sticking with this story. And special thanks to those of you who are only just starting to read it! It's a bit of a beast to take on from the start so I feel very special that you are actually taking the time to catch up with all of these chapters. Let me know what you think of these last two - a little bit lighter than the previous ones. And I'd be interested to hear what you all think of Peter meeting Daredevil again.
‘I better head home before Mr Stark gets paranoid I’ve been drugged or something. I’ll speak to you soon, Deadpool.’
end up controlling me instead of the other way around. We still don’t know what exactly HYDRA did to me and Pietro to give us our abilities. How do I know that I can control my powers if I let them go free?’
That’s when his senses set off a new tone, and he dodges a blow from behind him. ‘Who’s fighting you now, Peter?’ Steve asks, his voice further as he continues to dodge attacks from his new sparring partner.
They all exchange brief greetings as they hurry towards Happy and the waiting limo. Tony feels a small slice of tension melt away as Steve falls into step beside him, the rest of the group falling in behind them. It all felt very natural.
‘If I agree to fight you in this duel,’ Loki interrupts whatever Tony is about to say, ‘do you swear to leave Earth and not to harm anyone here?’
The room fades to night around them and Tony can see Bucky sitting on a motorcycle, in front of them lies a very familiar stretch of road. After a few minutes they can hear the rumble of a car engine, and a pair of headlights coming along the road. Wanda and Vision are already fast at work, red tendrils snaking from her fingers and the mind stone glowing brightly on his head. The car races past them and memory-Bucky pulls out, giving chase.
the Chitauri before you guys got hold of it, and who knows who else had owned it before them, right? So Ultron was sentient and had been existing in the sceptre he’d have been learning from all of them as well, and most of them wanted to destroy or control the world in some way. So when he heard your plan to put armour around the world-’
‘Hmm,’ his guest makes a thoughtful noise as they slip into silence. Sometimes he thinks he has more knowledge than his guest, and other times he wonders just how much this other man is playing him. For now it appears they’re on the same level.
Loki joins Natasha next to the doctor and looks him up and down. ‘You need to be careful using so much magic, you know it takes its toll on you.’
Tony nods, and Peter thinks that might be a smile of pride on his face. ‘He’s in the room next to yours, Pete. See you in a couple of minutes.’ He walks up the stairs and leaves them in peace. Peter looks back at Wade and raises an eyebrow. ‘Well, you coming? Dinner smells amazing and there is no way I’m being late because you can’t get your ass in gear. When there’s super soldiers at the table you have to fight to get your portion.’
‘Alright turning it off now,’ Tony grumbles, ignoring the laugh from Rhodes and the way Steve is shaking from trying to hold in his own. ‘I thought you were supposed to be nice to me seeing as I’m still technically recovering?’
‘Loki got through to him, he’s taken him back to the jet. I think Bucky’s asking to be knocked out and restrained to be safe,’ the other man responds.
‘Look these guys have the experience working together right? We’re just going to get in their way until Tin Can is out of the picture. Once that happens we can then go in and have some fun.’
‘And it can’t fit in the truck because?’ Tony asks, pointing at the truck the three men had brought specifically for taking the three back in.
Wade nods and sighs. ‘Obviously the fuckers didn’t sell it like that, I only found out after they’d made this mess of me. Turns out my healing abilities are attacking the cancer as quickly as it can form; unfortunately that means I get the side effects.’
Tony looks at her carefully, then nods and sets up the next blast in the chamber. ‘When you’re ready.’
‘A PR war huh?’ she muses, as Bucky tries to chase after Peter to retrieve his stolen snack. ‘You really have gotten serious, Tony.’
‘Agent Romanov? There’s a call coming through from the same number that Justin Hammer called from before. Shall I put it through to you in the briefing room?’ FRIDAY asks.
‘Across the street, building on the corner, fifteenth floor,’ Clint shouts to him as he jumps to his feet. ‘Saw the light reflect off the gun.’
‘I think you’ll be better off finding a more recent example, seeing as we weren’t even together then if you want to run with this, Steve.’
Grabbing the chair at the kid’s desk he wheels it to sit in front of him. ‘Now I need you to listen to me very carefully, Peter Parker,’ he says, ignoring the slight glare May sends his way and looking straight into the tear filled brown eyes. The kid is desperately trying to keep any tears from falling, but nods and looks down at his lap. ‘And I need you to look at me while I say it,’ Tony adds, waiting until he looks back up before continuing. ‘You were something special today kid. You were in the middle of a hostage situation, in which your best friend was also involved. You were taken out, with a bomb strapped to you and a gun to your head, and placed in a bargaining situation. And you know what? You kept your head about you. You kept your cool and you followed very unclear instructions, and you trusted in a team that you’d not had the opportunity to train with properly. One of which you saved the life of. I saw you take out that terrorist that was about to fire on Wanda, without you I’d be having to explain to Vision why I allowed his girlfriend to get fried. I’m proud of you, kid, you acted like a true Avenger today.’
,’ Peter winces at the use of his alter-ego’s name dripping with anger and sarcasm, ‘just how much fucking research have you actually done on me and how much have you been pretending you know
‘Alright everyone may I have your attention please!’ the registrar calls over the noise. ‘Please can you all enter and take your seats. All those involved in the wedding party please stay out here.’
‘Rude! Are you calling me fat?’ Bucky’s voice drifts over as he starts to bring the class round. Peter takes a breath and jumps down, landing in the soldier’s arms and being brought into a quick but tight hug.
‘Thor,’ Valkyrie sighs, ‘it’s not that they’re cowards necessarily. These all seem to be people running from the destruction he and his lieutenants are leaving behind them, they’re scared to go against him because they’ve seen what he is capable of and they’ve already lost a lot to him. It’s understandable, especially when none of these people are warriors. The rest are pirates, smugglers and ravagers and have no interest in drawing attention to themselves. We must be patient, Loki was certain we would find someone here who could help us.’
Peter just smiles, standing on his toes to press a kiss to Wade’s lips, and it takes everything inside him not to chase the younger’s lips as he pulls away. ‘Just send me a text or
Tony closes his eyes and nods, then looks Bucky directly in the eye. ‘Let me put it another way: is it the gun or the shooter that kills a person? A gun doesn’t choose to kill anything, the person holding it does. The gun is the instrument.
Steve just rolls his eyes and places a kiss to his lips, which Tony chases as Steve pulls away. ‘You look tired, honey,’ he says, running his fingers through Tony’s hair.
T’Challa and his female warriors go to the aid of the Jotuns, trying to keep them safe from attack as they attempt to deal with the threat from the machines. Wizards from Kamar-Taj join them, forming a barrier around the army. Tony and Rhodey, along with the SHIELD ships, fire into the pen that the Jotuns have created, trying their best to destroy the machines before the Jotuns tire.
‘I love you too, Steve,’ Tony says, pulling away to look at him, his brown eyes sparkling. ‘We should probably keep this on the down low until the new year right?’
'Peter!' he doesn't think, he just moves in front of the teenager, the knife piercing through his armour and he feels it sink deep into his stomach.
I turn her down. She threatens Peter. I threaten her. I go back to life and everyone is happy and starts planning to change the Accords.
Wade looks up at him, and Steve can see the conflict in his eyes, until he finally nods. ‘Alright. I…when I was looking at stuff in that first lab I saw something that made me think…it looked like they were doing experiments. The kind of experiments that…that made me.’
‘Never said you were, buddy,’ Clint says as he moves forward and starts to clear through the debris, ‘just wanted to check you could hear properly through this helmet and all the rocks.’ He hears a grunt in response which he guesses means he’s forgiven and continues to get to work.
‘Would you permit me to travel with you? We may reach a conclusion faster if I am present for the discussions and it will allow for initial experimentation.’
Wanda starts singing. ‘O come all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant, oh come ye, oh come ye to Bethlehem.’ The staff around the residents stop talking and everyone turns to look at her.
texted you to say he’s picking you up today and you want me to focus on Shakespeare?’ Ned whispers, casting a look at the teacher who so far hasn’t paid any attention to their conversation.
‘Yes, Justin Hammer will be in the accused’s box. We will be seated with Mr Stark in front of the public benches, and we’ve made sure the first two rows behind us are reserved exclusively for use by members of the Avengers.’
‘Hey, kid,’ Sam lands next to him as Bucky turns to face the trickster. ‘Let’s get you out of here.’
‘Only if you get pinned,’ Rocket laughs, ‘which you ain’t yet. And you won’t be if you just stay in the trap. So you’re just going to hang there until this is all over.’
Wanda laughs and walks up to the man, placing a kiss on his cheek. ‘Hopefully that’ll do for now,’ she says, then walks after Peter.
‘Well, I didn’t want to get your hopes up,’ Steve shrugs. ‘Plus it was only yesterday so I haven’t exactly had chance to tell you.’
‘Your friend’s right you need to go,’ he says, obviously still trying to catch up with what’s happening. ‘Then we need a discussion on just how appropriate your nickname is Spidey.’
‘Dude slow down I’m not as fast as you!’ his friend shouts from behind him. They pause long enough at the lockers for them to get the rest of their stuff for the weekend.
‘I didn’t,’ Tony chuckles, wheeling his chair over as Peter ducks his head out, grease staining his face, ‘I nearly ended up flat as a pancake.’
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve notices Tony leaving the party through one of the sets of French doors that lead out onto terraces. Then he sees Bucky’s shit-eating grin. ‘What?’ he asks.
‘Only just got in,’ he answers. She pulls back, a huge grin on her face, and holds up her left hand. ‘Congratulations!’ he says, pulling her back into a tight hug.
Vision looks between Bucky and Tony, then sighs. ‘I don’t know. It may be, but it possibly may not be.’
‘No I’ve got something else I need to do before I see you,’ he says, heading towards the subway. ‘I might lose you, Wade, I’m going into the subway.’
to,’ Peter shrugs. He can see the very second the kid catches sight of the other occupants of the room: his mouth snaps shut and his eyes go wide.
‘I don’t think he would have been overly surprised actually,’ Tony’s voice is quiet, eyes gazing back even more than before. Then he shakes his head and clears his throat, laying down his cards. ‘Read ‘em and weep boys.’
Wanda nods, and Tony sees her watching Steve out of the corner of her eye while Peter continues to talk to her.
‘There’s a couple of entrances, Cap, but nothing showing up as a red flag yet. Definitely been some movement around here though,’ comes the reply, ‘I don’t know how it didn’t get picked up.’
‘And Peter and Wade? Even Peter’s healing rate hasn’t managed to get through all of his injuries yet. Wade’s been so quiet since facing that shapeshifter I’m starting to think they found a way to permanently remove his tongue.’
Wanda lands elegantly next to him just as Proxima prepares herself in a fighter’s stance. It’s that momentary pause for breath before the fight begins again, and Tony realises he’s getting tired.
‘Not going to happen,’ his voice goes from his usual teasing tone to low and dangerous, he can feel the anger boiling up inside him.
Wanda looks to Loki and Strange, eyes wide, for help. ‘That’s because Wanda’s magic,’ Loki jumps in, ‘is more like my Jotun abilities: something innate to her. Perhaps you will have your own innate abilities that you will discover in time. I didn’t discover my Jotun abilities for centuries.’
‘Aye aye, sir,’ Wade says with a salute. Tony notices the man getting distracted by his own thoughts a little more as they finish the washing up, but doesn’t comment. He just hopes Mama was right in her assessment of the man.
‘Considering I am a form of technological life myself, I am not sure what you could make that would surprise me,’ Vision says, and Tony swears that humanoid is learning sarcasm better than JARVIS ever did.
Bucky laughs. ‘That guy was never going to stop fighting, Stevie, but I think he may have found a way to carry on after he got married.’
‘Just give me what I want, Anthony,’ Hammer’s voice is right in his ear now. ‘Or I might have to ask your beloved
Sam looks over to where the others are decorating the trees that line the path from the facility to where the table is situated. Peter’s balancing on Wade’s shoulders to put the lights up, while Tony does the same on Steve’s shoulders opposite; Valkyrie and Natasha are a couple of trees back putting on some ornaments that will withstand the weather, and Loki appears to be studying one of the first ones with an assessing look. Then he lifts his hands and sends a covering of ice over the tree, only enough so that it seems to glisten in the sunlight. ‘Wow,’ Sam whistles. ‘It looks beautiful.’
‘Of course,’ Tony grumbles, then looks back at Peter. ‘Alright kid you have until Natasha arrives to work out exactly how you’re going to explain this.’
‘How about we start?’ Tony suggests, giving Steve a meaningful look. ‘I think Point Break has had a rough time so why don’t we fill them in on what’s happened here and give them time to get their heads sorted?’
He’s about to respond when he feels a warning from in front of him and dodges to the side, lashing out with a leg that passes straight through his new opponent.
Bucky looks as if he wants to punch him again. ‘I’m going to pretend you aren’t actually that stupid and that my punch just dislodged a few brain cells.’
‘Oh cool, where are those ones? Do you think we could go visit an archaeological dig? I bet that would be so much fun.’
‘Pete? Don’t be scared to take a risk with him. God knows Steve and I danced around each other for far too long, do me a favour and learn from my mistakes. It’s obvious the guy is crazy about you. Now go on and get upstairs, I’ll be up in a minute. And don’t let Bucky wind you up.’
She smiles, takes his hand and gives it a small squeeze, before releasing him and going to collect the others.
‘Don’t move!’ he tells Steve as he sees the soldier start to make his way towards him to help, causing the platform to start spinning.
Thor joyfully announces it is time to distribute presents as everyone starts to slow down with the amount of food they are eating. Loki makes his way over to stand by Tony, hoping for some protection from his brother’s exuberance.
Peter shouts out in alarm as the web he’s holding gets flung by Hulk, sending him sailing through the air to land at their feet. ‘Ouch, that’s going to bruise.’
‘That’s a joke right? Of course I love it,’ he says, giving his boyfriend a kiss. Yes ok Tony was more than capable of buying himself a racetrack for a day, but the fact that Steve had thought to find one that had all of the vehicles Tony would definitely like to try out, and given him enough tickets to take others to race against made it so much more special. Especially since he wasn’t that keen on Tony actually racing. Not after he’d seen the footage from the Vanko incident and had remembered just how vulnerable Tony could be outside of the suit.
‘Busy at the very least,’ Peter says, leaning back on his hands to look up at the darkening sky. ‘And I’ve got quite a bit of work to do when I get back. You still on for patrol tomorrow?’
‘Well we may have to do some of that with this one this year,’ Quill laughs, ‘because this baby’s a bit bare.’
‘I will admit that her friendship with my people has made them more accepting of staying here during the time for recovery after the fight, it has eased some of my worries that they are beginning to open up, even in small ways.’
‘Because you can’t always rely on the suit,’ it’s Tony that answers, voice a little subdued. ‘What if the enemies you’re facing manage to take out the suit’s functions? Or you get caught without it?’
‘Alright,’ he says, though doesn’t look convinced. ‘You’re only going to be away for a few days tops though right?’
‘Let us have the Soul Stone,’ Quill speaks up, ‘it might be the only chance we have of getting Gamora back.’
He opens one eye and cracks a smirk. ‘Nice get up. You here to save me from the evil government men, Agent Romanoff?’
‘I think you may have changed a bit in over six years, Tony,’ she responds from somewhere behind Steve’s broad shoulders.
‘Well at least we don’t need to go to medical,’ he shrugs, causing her to double over with laughter. He joins in and the two end up falling to the floor in a laughing heap.
A/N: Hi everyone. So I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I tried to break up some of the more serious (and possibly more boring!) talk about the new Accords with some more interesting interactions. Tony and Wade finally having a chat about Peter for one!
Scott slumps in his chair, and Tony goes to pour him a glass of scotch. ‘Start from the beginning,’ he says, handing the man the glass. ‘What happened?’
‘Alright children,’ Nick stops them before they can start arguing. ‘I suggested Tony was the third member of the team: we need someone who can head up research and is able to actually understand what the hell scientists are talking about and Tony has that experience from Stark Industries.’
Steve laughs and shakes his head. ‘Are we talking difficult as in he’s in a really bad mood and snapping at everyone, or difficult as in he wants to try and make it round every bar in New York in one night?’
‘Yeah, it’s me Cap,’ he says, wondering if he sounds as unsure as Steve does. ‘I thought I’d check up and see how you were getting on with the homework I sent you.’ He tries to bring some of his usual humour into the conversation. Trying to find a safety net.
‘Thank the Allfathers because I was not sure how I was going to let you down gently,’ she responds, then looks over his shoulder. ‘Your friends have arrived.’
‘Me next! Me next!’ she says, as Peter takes hold of her and swings her backwards and forwards a few times before passing her to the mercenary.
‘Hey, it looks worse than it is,’ he tries to reassure her with a smile, but she can feel the pain he’s in.
Bucky laughs. ‘This is much more entertaining than the gossip that Karen’s been feeding me. Did you know they all think Doctor Strange and Doctor Palmer are shacking up?’
have been able to do this himself before the serum,’ Bucky chimes in, ‘unless I was carrying him of course.’
‘What are those guys doing here?’ Sam frowns. ‘I thought they were off searching the galaxy for a way to bring Gamora back?’
Tony lets himself smile. ‘Do you trust me, Cap?’ There’s a heartbreakingly long pause, so he adds. ‘Do you trust me to get you all back home safely at least?’
Bucky says something to her in Russian that Tony doesn’t understand, raising his glass in a toast and downing his drink in one, the red headed assassin following his example.
By the time he’s climbing in next to the soldier, Steve is already breathing deeply. Tony presses a kiss to Steve’s forehead and wraps his arms around him. ‘Goodnight, Steve.’
He wonders as he packs up his bag, ignoring the triumphant smirk on Flash’s face, and the worried frown on Ned’s, and walks towards the classroom door.
Peter then moves to the war, not focussing too much on Steve’s transformation, but instead on the research he’d done on Bucky’s activities when he was in the army, up to being taken prisoner in Azzano. Then came the stories of the Howling Commandos, for once not focussing on Steve’s part in the missions, but Bucky’s; Peter doesn’t linger too much on the mission on the train, and tries not to talk too much about his time with HYDRA, talking about what was necessary but not trying to pretend that Bucky hadn’t been one of their best assassins. Steve is impressed though as, although everything that Peter says is factual, he manages to tell a sympathetic story, bringing in research he’d done on brainwashing and some of the methods used.
‘Thanks for helping me with the demonstration, Pete,’ Steve says, ‘and for not letting me take a mud bath.’
Now, she and Tony are focussing on improving her blast containment, after the incident in Lagos. It’s something she’s still struggling with, mainly because she’s scared of the same thing happening again.
‘Oh, err, you’re welcome? Though I don’t think you would have been in that situation if I hadn’t of been there in the first place.’
‘Not yet I’m not,’ Tony says, stretching and putting the tablet on the table. ‘But just about to be. Hey FRIDAY? Play Let It Go for Bucky will ya? I’m going to go get Christmas decorations.’
‘Really, bird brain? I hadn’t noticed,’ he grumbles as he wheels himself out from underneath. ‘Do you think maybe the reason that I’m currently up to my elbows in an antique boiler is because I already
Tony groans. ‘I don’t know why that kid is so fond of that lawyer,’ they watch as Peter greets Matt and then takes him over to where Loki, Ned and MJ are standing. ‘I’m worried about him though.’
Her powers strain as she tries to contain the blast, a few beads of sweat appearing on her forehead as she concentrates on forming an opening at the top of the sphere. Immediately some of the blast escapes, easing the pressure on the rest of it. What she isn’t prepared for is the blast pushing against the sides of the opening and disrupting her powers. The sphere disappears and the blast explodes in the containment chamber.
‘We get the tech guy and everything will start slotting into place,’ one of the men says to the other as they lean against the side of a car, obviously waiting for someone.
‘There is only one thing I require from you,’ a fourth Jotun steps through from behind the three of them, this one is a little taller and more thickset than the others, but there seems to be something familiar to some of his features. ‘And that is to claim what is rightfully mine.’
‘You’re right,’ Steve sighs, ‘and we should give Wade a chance to prove himself, he has been making better decisions recently by all accounts. We shouldn’t be making an enemy from someone who could be a valuable ally; and by all accounts
Wade wraps an arm around his waist and pulls Peter so he’s leaning back against him. ‘Thanks, Tin Can.’
It is going to be a slow burn with the relationships I’m afraid so do bear with me. Hope you’ve enjoyed this chapter.
Compared to the rest of the rooms she’s seen this one is positively comfortable, with a fire burning and two comfortable chairs sitting next to it; small tables litter the room, with books and trinkets piled on them. A large desk dominates one wall, again filled with books and trinkets, and bookshelves line the walls with ornaments dotting some of the shelves.
‘Give the man the prize, he’s finally caught on!’ Tony laughs, dodging the punch Sam aims at his shoulder.
know, Pete,’ he presses another kiss to his lips, ‘I’d know, and I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself. Besides you deserve more than a quick first time before we have to go and meet people. I want to take you out and wine and dine you before bringing you back and laying you out on a bed covered in rose petals and having you come so many times even your spidey stamina wouldn’t be able to hold up.’
Peter just sighs and lets him go, trying to push down the doubts that, despite Wade’s words, are still clouding his mind.
‘He did?’ Peter grins, the teen and the archer have been getting on really well and Tony’s slightly worried how many pranks are going to be pulled between them. Especially if he convinces Clint to forgive Loki and include the trickster in their schemes.
‘People like me you mean?’ Wade pipes up, from where he’s been disturbingly quiet flanked by Peter and Wanda.
Natasha shakes her head. ‘He was always going to be out of contact for most of it, we told him not to worry about checking in until he was on the way back but he has an emergency alarm in case he needs it.’ Peter remains suspiciously quiet and ducks back in the attic to retrieve another box; when he reappears she has her arms crossed and an eyebrow raised. ‘Care to update me on your boyfriend’s status?’
They’re all gathering in and around the common area, laughing around mugs of steaming hot drinks and tucking in to snacks that have been placed on all the available surfaces. Peter notices Wade has stepped outside and goes to follow him when Natasha catches him arm and gives a small shake of her head.
‘Tony, what happened?’ he asks when the inventor finally calms down. And Tony tells him everything about their argument, only keeping back the reason they’d been down there in the first place.
‘Screw that!’ he snaps, and he sees a couple of team members flinch in surprise. ‘They’ve got Wanda, Sam. They’ve got Bucky. We’ve got
Peter’s only half taking in Steve and Bucky’s explanation of how this particular obstacle works, he’s trying to work out the best way to approach this to keep his perfect record without giving away his secret. The trouble with this obstacle is you do actually need to work together to get across it.
‘I made it whilst I was experimenting with my Jotun abilities,’ he explains as Thor takes the ice figurine out of the box. ‘I’ve placed a spell on it so it will never melt and, well I thought it would be an ideal gift for you.’
Tony laughs and shakes his head, looking between Steve’s outstretched hand and the door to the venue. Steve begins to lower his hand, thinking the billionaire is going to refuse the dance, when he hears a soft ‘oh screw it’ and there’s a warm, callused hand in his own. He doesn’t give the other man time to reconsider and pulls him closer, moving them in time to the music.
‘Should we perhaps start with the limb extensions?’ Vision suggests. ‘It may be easier to then progress onto creating ice from then on.’
‘Oh no you don’t,’ he lands the suit in front of his friend, sending three of them flying out of the window that are bearing down on the king.
‘I mean, this is only on the understanding that you’re still happy with all this, Baby Boy; because I am more than happy to turn around and go back to my apartment. Jack and Daniel are still waiting for me and there’s plenty of Christmas movies to get through.’
A/N: I'm sorry for being late again. I feel like the White Rabbit from Alice in Wonderland at this point. Things should start calming down now in the general life side of things, however, so I shouldn't be late again for a while (famous last words!). I will also get round to replying to all your wonderful comments in the next day or two. I really do appreciate them please do keep them coming.
‘I see,’ Tony leans back in his chair, and casts a quick look to Miss Potts. ‘It is really only three people I need, Captain Rumlow, and I was hoping Sergeant Barnes could be one of them.’
Wade laughs. ‘Ok fair point. But… are you really ok about this? I mean shouldn’t you be freaking out that your nearly-adopted son is interested in a Freddy Kreuger look-alike that kills people for a living?’
‘Only because you’re an idiot!’ Peter huffs, then leans back and pulls Wade down for a kiss. ‘Trust me, Wade,’ he asks when they break apart, ‘please?’
Peter goes bright red. ‘I don’t know… but I wasn’t going to wait a year to get another one from him.’ He groans and puts his head in his hands. ‘You’re turning me into a teenage girl. Stop it!’
‘Groot? No using your vines to grab the flag if it’s more than twice your normal reach length away.’
Bucky laughs. ‘You know Stark calls it the same thing,’ Steve feels his chest clench uncomfortably at those words. ‘The
‘No,’ Rhodes’ tone is final for which Tony is eternally grateful. Although the raccoon is a lot of fun to have in the workshop, he does not look forwards to seeing what he can come up with to cause trouble for the team. He’s scary enough when it’s directed at their enemies.
Even when they faced him in New York she wasn’t as scared of him as she is now. The look on his face is dangerous, and she takes a half step closer to Clint.
‘Well you’ve already got one there,’ she tells him, watching as he sends Tony flying by swatting him with the flag as if he’s a giant bug. It’s only Rhodes managing to catch him that stops him ending the same way as Peter.
‘I…’ he can feel tears welling up. He knew he and Wanda were close, but he’d never thought they were close enough for Vision to consider him the best person to ask
There’s a chorus of angry shouts aimed at her, as she turns to look at Steve. ‘You sure you want to hang around and wait for the next big blow up?’ she asks him. The room goes silent and everyone is looking between him, Sharon and Tony. Steve is completely thrown by the question, by the challenge in her eyes.
‘King T’Challa is due in an hour, Master Loki, I am as yet unsure when the group from Kamar-Taj is expected.’
‘You can explain why my cousin contacts me to say he’d had a call from our aunt’s old nursing home to say they’d found some of her things whilst clearing out a storage space, and there was a box in there with your name on it.’ She pulls the large shoe-box sized box from under her arm and holds it out to him one handed.
‘London?’ Tony frowns, then feels the breath catch in his chest when FRIDAY brings up the footage. ‘You all seeing this?’
‘Good to see you too, Loki,’ Peter laughs, and he knows from the wink and the grin the trickster has missed him just as much. Sam and Rhodes walk in behind him with Thor and he’s still saying hello properly to the three of them when a pair of arms wrap around his waist and he’s lifted into the air. ‘Bucky! Put me down!’
‘Well,’ Peter tries not to look guilty, ‘I may have convinced him to remove the no-kissing part of that rule.’
Thank you so much for all the kudos and bookmarks so far. Big thank you as well to my first anonymous reviewer! I hope this is going in a direction you enjoy.
If possible the tension gets even thicker, and Peter finds it difficult to breathe as Deadpool lowers the chimichanga back down to the plate and looks to the side. ‘Suppose you’re right,’ he sighs. ‘But seeing as my face would put anyone off their food, the mask stays on, so we’re not on a date.’
‘Or I could take both of you up there and you could both get on the jet and get to safety,’ Deadpool growls, but reaches under his mask to put the link in his own ear.
‘How’s the head doing, Lokes?’ Tony asks from where he’s still sitting on the sofa that evening, going through the work Pepper had left him. He’s had FRIDAY upload it to his pad which is making for much easier reading. Why would he still be using paper? Honestly.
‘We hadn’t thought about Francis,’ Steve nods, ‘we’ve been focussed so much on what’s happening now we’ve lost sight of what we already know.’
‘Go on, Stevie, I’ll help her,’ Bucky’s metal fist makes short work of her door, ripping it off the hinges to help her get to Sam. ‘What about the driver? I’ll get Sam.’
‘Not who?’ Rhodes asks. The question is answered when a dark haired man steps through the circle of orange light, wearing what looks like blue clothes better suited to a fantasy novel and a red cape that almost has a life of its own.
A/N: Hi everyone. This is the last week of the December double updates I'm afraid, so head on over to see the next chapter. Hope you're still enjoying the story!
Thor talks about some of the different worlds that he has encountered, and Peter can see everyone hanging on his every word; the Asgardian has a way of describing things that can make even the most mundane things sound incredible. His booming voice, however, is starting to affect Peter’s headache.
‘I’m looking forwards to seeing the whole team again,’ Natasha admits, voice quiet. The other two turn to look at her. ‘SHIELD, the Avengers, they were my chance to go straight, wipe away some of the red in my ledger. Make a life away from everything before. It’s the closest I’ve come to having a family. It’ll be nice to have everyone together again.’
‘What?’ Bucky starts to panic. The whole point of this was to check no one would be able to take control of his mind again, not form a mental connection with someone that meant-
‘Oh yeah I forgot that happened before we got round to that,’ he rubs his forehead. ‘Shit Pete I’m sorry, I thought I’d told you.’
‘Pepper,’ he sighs, letting his hand fall flat over Steve’s heart, ‘she knows I’ve been in love with someone else. I never told her. I didn’t need to. She’s always known me too well, but we both slipped into something we could both be content with.’
‘Yeah, that’s all. Just me to come now and then Hulk doesn’t have to worry about us,’ Rhodes calls back, then curses. ‘Shit! Clint the hole isn’t big enough for my braces to fit through.’
‘Oh good,’ Quill says, joining the group, ‘I was just going to see if there were any judging volunteers. Strange has said he’ll judge too. Everyone else has to take part! Apart from Rhodes because he’s doing the music.’
Bucky laughs. ‘Come on you dork, let’s get moving. If I have to spend too much time alone with you I may go crazy.’
Tony glances up at Steve, seeing the soldier has heard the report on his own comms unit. ‘You think it’s him?’
‘He’ll be fine,’ Tony says, though she’s not sure if he’s trying to convince himself as much as them. ‘There’s nothing that’s going to keep him from coming back to Pete.’
‘You know Tony, we could carry the smaller one between us even without the suits and make this quicker right?’ Rhodes points out.
Peter just laughs and runs his hands up Wade’s chest, letting one rest on his shoulder while the other runs over the skin of his head. ‘Please don’t disappear again,’ he says, brown eyes soft and pleading.
‘Alright kids, around the field, round the back of the facility and finishing back here. We all ready?’ Steve asks, the other three nod. ‘Alright on your marks, set…go!’
‘Alright who’s going to help me finish off the dinner this year?’ Mama Rhodes asks as she stands up from the sofa.
Peter cheers in victory, sitting cross-legged in front of Natasha on the floor. ‘Yeah, yeah, you go sit by your Mommy-Spider,’ Sam sighs, then frowns at the two soldiers. ‘What did he do to you two?’
‘And I’m trying to help keep everyone else safe,’ he says, voice equally quiet. ‘Just like every patrol we do.’
‘What do you think? Try and make it out through the rest of the cave system?’ Bucky mutters to him, just loud enough for his enhanced hearing to pick up.
‘Want to give some weaving a go?’ Tony suggests, holding up some semi-weaved sticks; as he does one of the ends unhooks and nearly smacks Sam in the face.
‘Just tell me something only you would know,’ he repeats, keeping his eyes on Tony. He sees Tony glance over his shoulder at Wade. He doesn’t know what his boyfriend does, but when Tony looks back at him, he nods.
‘They’re not dead,’ she rolls her eyes. ‘Well one of them isn’t. Just starting your program up now; soon we’ll have all of the dirty little secrets they’re hiding here.’
That’s when he notices the sharp chunk of ice sticking from its chest. And there’s a now familiar blue skinned form standing behind it.
‘That all you guys wanted to say?’ Wade asks, snatching the tickets up from the table. ‘Can we go now?’
‘Are you sure that’s safe?’ Bucky asks. ‘What if she now doesn’t have the same control on her powers as she did before?’
‘You know, I might just add a feature to your suit to make you do the Macarena whenever I want, Rhodey,’ Tony muses aloud.
‘It’s better for me to wander,’ he says instead of asking the question flitting through his mind. They slip into silence, and Loki isn’t sure if it’s uncomfortable or not. ‘There was one year,’ he says eventually, ‘when we were still young and had only just started going on hunts unsupervised with Sif and the Warriors Three when Thor angered a herd of Rabusk and they stampeded. We scattered and Thor and I ended up separated from the others and, on the way back, we stumbled across the den of a Fenrisian wolf. Luckily we caught her by surprise and Thor was able to kill her, that was when we realised she had pups; Fenrisian wolves are usually dangerous and Odin ordered them killed if you came across any that didn’t flee, but these were still young and I remembered stories of people having tamed them in the past. I convinced Thor to help me carry them back to Asgard and we tried to convince father to let us train them, but he ordered them killed before we could finish our arguments. I hastily cast a spell to conceal one of them and managed to sneak it into my room without him noticing. I’m sure Mother knew but she just gave me a half smile and didn’t say anything.
‘Now,’ Loki claps his hands, effectively ending the argument and having everyone’s attention turn to him, ‘these are the first few steps.’ He proceeds to gradually teach the team the steps to the dance, ensuring everyone was confident before moving on to the next stage; he’s slightly smug when he notices Thor is struggling just as much as Steve is, and teases his brother about it often, which helps to ease the discomfort in Steve’s shoulders as well he’s pleased to notice.
‘The Avengers,’ she replies, and Peter feels the room ripple with tension. He doesn’t dare look over at Ned.
The barrier lifts and Peter hurries back to his seat, trying to ignore the whispers and looks that his class are giving him. Ned and Harry greet him with matching grins.
‘You better have done all your homework, Peter. You aren’t going out on patrol until you have. Are you still listening to me?’
‘I’m pretty sure if I say yes then technically I’m not. Aren’t people who are insane not supposed to know they’re insane?’
Tony isn’t sure what he feels at those words and he and Peter scramble for the door. ‘Get her inside FRI!’ he shouts as he runs. ‘Get Steve and Sam. Go through every single camera she’s passed in the last forty-eight hours and make sure she hasn’t been followed.’
Tony really wishes he could believe Steve. But he can hear the crack of Vanko’s whips in his ears, and Hammer’s gleeful laugh when Peter had walked into the room.
‘Not helping,’ he grumbles and moves to the table. Peter takes a couple of steps back and goes to lean against the wall watching the game, letting the two of them talk over the table. He’s pleasantly surprised at how quickly they do relax around each other, and by the time they’ve finished their game he’s not feeling quite so terrible at having ambushed Wade with the surprise visit from his super-sister.
‘Why didn’t you just get someone in every so often to clean up or something?’ Scott asks as another sheet is pulled off and another cloud of dust sets off another round of coughing.
‘You wouldn’t let me,’ Tony points out as everyone else digs in. ‘Plus it meant I had a good excuse not to do one of the jobs.’
,’ he shoots him a grin, ‘is that I’m accompanied by armed guards until being handed over to the team. We then have two months to try and cure me of this brain washing. If not then Secretary Ross believes he is taking me into custody.’
‘Steven Grant Rogers I swear to God if you say you are not going to fuck me through that mattress because I’m still recovering I am going to-’
‘Not likely,’ Tony snaps at him, throwing two disks that land on Steve and Bucky’s chests. Nanites quickly spread out from them and cover the two of them in armour. ‘Sorry I couldn’t give you any weapons,’ he tells them.
‘Oh of course. How silly of me,’ he replies, gesturing to the kneeling man. ‘Ah we have more guests, Anthony. I thought you’d all want to see how your dear friend is getting on.’
‘Perhaps you would have done, had you not had my number on divert,’ the man himself answers as he enters the kitchen.
‘How did you guess?’ Harry’s laugh turns a little bitter as he puts his bag down on his bed. ‘He’s upped his game with training me to take on the family business as well. Says I don’t need to bother with college even though I’ve put forward a hundred and one reasons why it would be beneficial to the company for me to get a degree.’
‘Nope,’ Tony grins at him. ‘And we all know you’re terrible at following orders in the field if you don’t agree with them. This way we skip the arguments.’
‘You’ve only got this focussed because Peter was threatened,’ Steve growls. ‘As soon as someone mentions Peter you forget everything else.’
‘Your help is greatly appreciated all the same,’ T’Challa tells him, ‘I appreciate it cannot be easy in such a situation where you are not able to do as much as you would like.’ Strange just inclines his head in acknowledgment. ‘And of course,’ the king says, turning to one of the newer faces, ‘we would have been lost but for your tribe’s support, Princess Ororo.’
‘A bar in town,’ Deadpool pulls his mask back down, tacos now finished. ‘Someone needs some help they can put in a request there. I’ve threatened boys stalking teenage girls, got granny’s back their stolen money, even once beat up an abusive ex-boyfriend. Not mine obviously. Problem is, Spidey, they can’t all pay. And ever since darling Captain America took down SHIELD, there’s not been much work coming in from those wonderful people.’
‘Greetings friends,’ T’Challa welcomes them as they climb out of the jet, now parked back on top of the Wakandan Embassy again. ‘I have good news for you.’
Tony turns to look at the man’s face, seeing the sincerity and uncertainty in his piercing blue eyes. His reply is to press a kiss to the side of Steve’s mouth. ‘Only if I can call you mine.’
‘If only that were true,’ Thanos shakes his head as if in sympathy. ‘I will not leave here without the final two stones. Give them to me and I shall release your friend.’
‘No trouble,’ the second one says, brandishing a gun and pointing it in Wanda’s direction, ‘little witch here doesn’t have her magic so can’t stop this bullet. You give us any trouble and her pretty little brains will be decorating the wall.’
‘Ready when you are, Cap,’ he grins, then jumps to grab hold of the first of the monkey bars and pulls himself up onto the top so he can walk along it like a ladder.
He looks at Steve out of the corner of his eye and realises exactly why the soldier chose this one for today.
‘Why is it when I start trying to be an actual responsible adult I get just as much grief as when I’m a reckless and selfish asshole?’
He shakes his head. ‘No, Sharon. You’ve come into our home and attacked one of our own. Peggy wouldn’t have wanted this team split up, and she definitely would not have approved of the way you’ve acted. If you want to step foot on this facility again it will only be as part of a delegation that has been sent to meet with the team. Other than that you are not allowed here again have I made myself clear?’
‘Now the question we really need to answer: what are we going to tell the rest of the team when we get to the facility?’ Loki asks.
He doesn’t allow the soldier to argue, just leads him up the stairs, and hoping that no one notices as he wipes at the traitorous wetness on his cheeks.
‘Can it be on anything at all, or you got a specific topic?’ the blond asks, coming over to sit opposite him, drying his hands on a towel.
Tony arrives just as Ross finishes the sequence and gets to see Bucky turn round and knock out a prisoner that had tried to take advantage of his distracted state. He sends another one flying with a repulsor and lifts his faceplate, hurrying towards the dark haired man. ‘You alright?’
‘We all got knitted Christmas sweaters!’ Peter grins, pulling his Spider-Man one over his head. ‘They’re all personalised to us.’
‘Aww Mommy Spider and Baby Spider,’ Sam teases; which quickly turns to a frown when he finds webbing covering his own mouth after the comment.
They remain silent as Thor lists names, including those of his parents and his friends the Warriors Three and Sif, then Fury steps up to name SHIELD personnel, T’Challa steps up for Wakanda, and Strange for Kamar-Taj. Throughout it all Clint and Bucky stand silently side by side. By the time its all finished and they’re raising a toast to those named he’s getting fidgety.
Wanda bites down hard on her lip to stop from saying everything she wants to as Bucky’s motionless form gets thrown into his cell, and he rolls onto his side. The cell door is slammed shut, and one of the guards smirks in her direction before they disappear up the corridor. She listens to their thoughts as they go, but most of it is a language she doesn’t understand and the only things she can guess at are to do with what the one’s wife has planned for dinner that evening.
Loki feels his smile shrink but become no less real. ‘I did. He was my father. Regardless of the consequences of his actions I cannot argue that he did what he did with what he believed to be my best interests at heart.’
‘Exactly like that. When the syrup is ready we lay them in a container and cover the fruit with it and leave it to soak until the feast. The taste surprisingly good for how easy they are to make.’
‘How much popcorn do you think we should do?’ Tony asks, opening the cupboard that Steve is sure is filled only with popcorn boxes ready for these film nights.
‘Natasha. She’s here,’ he repeats, trying not to grin at the other man being as bad at getting absorbed in his work as Tony.
‘Trust me, Captain,’ the god responds. ‘I can bring him back. Just let me face him. The rest of you make sure the rest of this place is destroyed.’
'Why? I've got a perfectly good view from here. Besides it's probably Mark just grabbed the new guy's arse like he always-' the crowd has moved enough that Wade catches sight of a mop of brown hair and a lithe frame holding the man against the wall.
‘I did want to reach through and ask once or twice,’ he grins and taps his forehead, ‘but I didn’t want to distract you from what I know was an important milestone for you and Thor.’
And with those words he’s gone. Tony looks down at his watch and screams a string of curse words at the ninety nine percent that flashes up at him. Not even Steve says anything about his use of language until he’s done.
‘I’ll see if I can call in help from elsewhere,’ Fury says. ‘Just wish we knew someone who had a more recent connection to HYDRA.’
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented so far on this story. I'm glad you're enjoying it, despite it's slower start, and I hope you continue to.
A/N: Hey everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter and can forgive me for the bit of an emotional roller coaster. I'd be really interested to hear what you all think, especially about Tony and Peter's... erm... discussion? And the flashback to the scene with Bucky and Tony. I had a request to add in some WinterIron into this story a while ago, and this was part of the response to that.
He’s been down here with quite a few members of the team: Natasha has been his main teacher; he and Tony have come down a couple of times to test out his suit upgrades; Bucky and Steve have both taught him ways to use his strength; even Sam’s brought him down for the occasional session.
Steve takes a deep breath, focussing on the dark of Tony’s eyes rather than the white of the ice. ‘I’m fine. I want to give it a go.’
‘I know but-’ Tony sighs and sits up, finally daring to meet that piercing gaze. ‘Steve I don’t want to keep on doing this with that still hanging over us. We’ve not actually
‘Vis, how many times do I have to tell you: just because the door is open doesn’t mean you can go through the wall?’ Tony grumbles.
‘That’s the reason I signed up to the programme,’ Wade continues, looking at the wall to the side rather than at him, even so Peter can read the vulnerability in the man’s frame. ‘I got diagnosed with cancer, well,
‘So basically,’ Rhodes summarises with a heavy sigh, ‘they’ve disappeared into thin air. No one knows anything about HYDRA. No one has seen anything, heard anything,
‘Oh good, I’m not sure I could have looked Bucky in the eye again if it’d been him,’ he breathes a sigh of relief.
‘Kid think very carefully how you phrase the next thing that comes out of your mouth,’ Tony warns him.
‘Boys,’ she presses her comms link with one finger, her other hand still working away, ‘you want to try and keep out of sight of the cameras more?’
energy to cope with all the shenanigans I’m sure everyone is going to be up to tomorrow. Goodnight and behave yourselves,’ she says with a small smirk, standing up and giving Peter a quick kiss on his forehead. She fixes Wade with one of her looks and then nods, with a small smile. ‘You’re doing alright, Wilson. Try not to screw it up.’
Peter struggles to his hand and knees from where he’s fallen against the wall. He’s learned a very important lesson today: Bucky has always held back in a fight since he stopped being the Winter Soldier. If it weren’t for his spidey-senses he’d be dead. He’s also struggling to fight his friend properly, not wanting to hurt him even though it’s obvious that Bucky currently doesn’t have any issues with doing the same.
Thank you so much to everyone who has left kudos, you have no idea how much it makes me smile when I get an email to say I've had some left. Also huge thank you to seireidoragon for leaving a review! I really appreciate all the support.
‘We can’t be certain how much of his knowledge he shared with them,’ Fury goes on. ‘So, Peter is right, they could be hiding next door and we wouldn’t know.’
Peter just shrugs and when Wade opens his eyes again there’s a grin on the teen’s face. ‘Well it’s your choice, Wade. Either you remove the rule and get to use that nickname, or you don’t and stick to just using Ba-’
‘He really thinks a lot of Wade doesn’t he?’ Steve says, coming up to put an arm around his shoulders.
Peter startles awake, still trying to work out exactly what it was that woke him up. Next to him Wade is sitting up, one arm around his waist and the other holding out a gun.
‘Well think of it like the old fashioned kettles you’d use on the hob,’ Tony explains, this is another change she’s noticed, he automatically explains things in much simpler terms. ‘When there’s too much steam the spout opens and lets it out, right? So what if you try and make a small opening on one side of the containment field, letting out energy in a controlled way until the blast is back at a level you can contain?’
‘Plus Wade’s staying here at the facility as extra support, you telling me you don’t think your boyfriend could protect me if shit went sideways?’
Rhodes mutters something under his breath and they all head into the same place they’d bought their Christmas trees from last year. ‘And if I have to call Tony to come pick up a tree in the suit none of you are getting any of Mama’s Christmas cake.’
As the two soldiers go back to the training mat, Sam with them this time, Tony notices a new person entering through the door and catches Natasha’s eye, gesturing towards them with his head and then nodding towards Bucky. The smile and answering nod he gets tells him that she’s on the same wavelength as him.
‘Turns out they heard about Ross’ little power play yesterday,’ Tony responds, taking a seat at the end of the table. ‘I think they want to apologise.’
‘Usually goes to one that helps ex-emergency services who’ve been injured in their line of work and their families,’ Tony explains.
‘All of you stop it!’ Steve snaps. ‘We’re willing to give Loki a chance but not Deadpool? Do you realise how wrong that is?’
‘Anyone else want to try pulling that shit?’ he says as he empties his gun and takes out his katanas. He looks over at Tony. ‘Get him out of here, Tin Can.’
‘You think Weapon X is still going?’ Steve asks. ‘You think HYDRA was behind it all in the first place?’
‘It’s true, Sergeant Barnes,’ Peter pipes up, voice cracking a little as he looks down at his hands, not able to bring himself to look at the man.
Steve doesn’t see Tony until lunchtime the next day. He and Sam have got back from a morning training session outside, the other man is still grumbling about how many times he’s been lapped, and they enter the common area to grab some lunch. They’re greeted by screams of frustration and triumph as soon as they walk through the door and look over to the sofas to see Tony, Peter, Wanda, Rhodes and Natasha all playing some kind of racing game on one of the consoles.
Steve sighs, feeling himself deflate slightly, and goes to join the other man at the railing. ‘I don’t know, Tony; and I get the feeling you like it about as much as I do.’
‘Yes you may finish drinking first, woman with strange markings on her face, before we go to the ship,’ Drax says.
Ajax has Wade face Spider-Man in a fight, but something doesn't sit right with Wade. Meanwhile Wanda and Strange have to hope they've done enough to defeat Agatha.
‘You two,’ Tony says as he makes his way over, three drinks in his hand, ‘are looking far too maudlin for a party.’
‘I love you too. Please talk to me about everything, I can’t stand to see you hurting and not know how to help.’
‘I am hoping this will prove to be much more than graffiti, Mr Stark, if your friend is able to provide us with more information,’ August says, shaking everyone’s hand.
he thinks to himself. Then, taking a deep breath, heads towards the door he’s just seen Wanda use. As he walks, he takes in the scans that Karen shows on his HUD. ‘What are you planning to do?’ Karen asks.
The last bit isn’t a question, but he answers it anyway. ‘Two weeks. And Ross is doing all he can to keep me away.’
‘Why do I feel like you’re helping him in this mission?’ Steve rolls his eyes and knocks on the office door.
‘So I chose to do my presentation on a person who was, and still is, a huge influence on Captain America, and the rest of the Avengers. The person that Captain Rogers went behind enemy lines on a solo mission to find and rescue-’
That’s what it all came down to: time. If Tony is honest he has contemplated trying to get Doctor Strange to help, but he’d rather not owe that man a favour. He’s annoying enough as it is.
‘You’ll survive,’ the reply rumbles from behind him and Tony finds it comforting. Steve’s the one holding him, Natasha’s in front of him reminding him how to breathe. He’s not in a cave.
‘Well see these energy signatures? They reminded me of blood in a human body right? So if we can control the energy going to the wound we might be able to do something so-’
Tony shoots him a look out the corner of his eye. ‘Not helping, babe.’ Then he sighs. ‘Fine you two get this monstrosity out the gates, I’m not going to try and manoeuvre it in this small space, then come back and get the “normal” one onto the back of the truck,’ he air-quotes the normal part of his sentence. ‘Rhodey I think I got an idea of how to do this. Then you,’ he points at Bucky, ‘can call Nat and Wanda and explain to them that they now need to add outside tree decorations to their list of things to buy.’
‘Not everyone is as comfortable with your advanced technology as you are Tony,’ Vision says from the sofa. Wanda, sitting next to him, gives a big smile when she sees Bucky.
‘Nothing is happening to him if I can help it,’ Wade growls, eyes going unfocussed as he grips a fork tightly in his hand. ‘And if anyone thinks about hurting him I’ll stab them so many times the four distinct hole marks will be unnoticeable after I’m done with them, and them apart until even you won’t be able to work out how to put them back together.’
‘Bucky put him down before you break him in half,’ Steve laughs coming in behind them. ‘How’s the head, kid?’
‘I’ll help too,’ Shuri volunteers, ‘I’ll be more help there than anywhere else.’ Tony gives her a grateful smile.
The plane door opens and Wanda calmly walks down the stairs flanked by two soldiers. One of Ross’ stipulations. As soon as her feet hit the tarmac, however, she starts to run towards them, a bright smile on her face.
Strange, still a little dazed, nods and the three of them start weaving the sticks together. Tony doesn't mention the tear he sees escape from the doctor’s eye at one point, but does nudge a glass of scotch to his two companions, and if the doctor’s one is slightly more filled than Sam’s then it was completely accidental.
‘We were lucky Strange was here when it happened,’ Natasha says as she finishes updating them on the training incident, ‘he was able to contain the power surge so it’s only the training room that needs refurbishing. The outer wall was blasted out, but we should be able to get someone in to do repairs by the end of the week. Wanda was unconscious when we got to them and Vision was a bit bashed up, but other than that we had a lucky escape.’
A huge roar, and Hulk bursts out of the last of the debris, landing in front of them with a satisfied huff once he sees both of them are safe. The War Machine armour glides over and seamlessly melds itself to Rhodes’ form.
‘Thank you, Mr Parker,’ the guard hands his pass back to him and winces. ‘Would you mind not letting Mr Wilson know? I’d rather not-’
‘Peter, sir,’ the kid finally looks up from the floor, and Tony can’t quite place the look in his eyes.
‘Not without you,’ he snaps, feeling his lower body now free of the hole. Both of them half crawling and half dragging or being dragged as dust flies up all around them. Clint thinks he feels other hands on him, dragging him backwards as the dust becomes blinding.
Steve doesn’t have a reply to that. They reach the glass doors to the workshop and look through, seeing the hunched figure of Tony passed out on his workbench, facing away from the door.
Natasha opens the door and nods for Tony to go in; Steve drops the arm that has been around his waist and presses a kiss to his forehead. ‘I’m right outside if you need me,’ he reminds him.
Steve quickens his pace so he’s walking in step with him; Tony grins at him, looking at him out of the corner of his eye. ‘You keeping tabs on me Spangles?’
Tony presses a soft kiss to his lips, Steve’s hands automatically going to his waist. ‘Took you long enough. Now come on, soldier, it’s
‘You are most welcome,’ he gets a smile in return. ‘Now, how would you like to help me with some of these books? I am doing more research into the Infinity Stones, but I’m afraid I’m on to looking for indirect references now to see if there is anything that might help. As you can imagine it is not as quick as the other research.’
The next morning Loki announces he feels recovered enough to be able to transport Thor and Valkyrie to a location where they would be able to get a ship and travel the rest of the way to Nidi- whatever the place where the cool stuff was made was called. Honestly Tony’s head hurts enough recently without trying to remember all the weird and wonderful names for places Thor comes out with.
Ned shakes his head. ‘I’m meeting Mom down the shops, I’ll see you on Monday? Who’s picking you up?’
Peter smiles. ‘That was a tradition Wanda’s family always had: each year a different person gets to put the topper on the tree and signal the end of decorating and the start of the rest of the celebrations.’
'Not that it isn't nice to see you,' Sam interrupts. 'But what brings you to our neck of the woods?'
‘So I didn’t want to bring this up with those two around,’ he says, looking Tony dead in the eye. ‘And I’ll understand if you don’t want to answer the question. Your nightmares Tony: is there by any chance something associated with Siberia in there as well?’
‘I’ll be in touch,’ Tony replies with that same small smile Steve remembers from last night. ‘Take care both of you. All the medical bills are taken care of, you just focus on getting better. And remember: don’t mention this to
‘Some of us actually have work we need to do, Barnes,’ he retorts. ‘Otherwise the rest of you don’t have your bills paid. As soon as I’m done I’ll get in there and kick your arse.’
The common area is a mess of discarded wrapping paper, and Loki nimbly navigates it to sit next to his brother.
what you focus on?’ he can hear the eye roll in Natasha’s voice but doesn’t dare look up at either of them yet.
'Definite challenge,' Wade agrees, grinning at an exasperated Peter. 'What do you think, Widow? Just the head?'
‘Let’s grab some for while we’re watching the carollers,’ he tells everyone, heading to the stand and starting the long process of buying enough for everyone. Steve comes to wait next to him and help distribute.
‘Better not answer her, Snowflake, you know you’ll only fuck it up no matter what you say.’ Wade laughs.
‘He needs a bit of air I think,’ she says, pulling him back towards the group. ‘Just give him a minute, it’s probably a bit overwhelming. Don’t forget the only times me and Bucky have seen him before we’ve been trying to kill each other. And you two have just shared identities.’
‘Merry Christmas!’ a very excitable voice shouts is the first thing Tony hears the next morning, before a solid form lands on the bottom of the bed and effectively crushes his legs. He makes some form of grunting noise in response and burrows further into the warm, very solid pillow next to him.
The soldier in charge salutes and Tony just about manages not to groan. He does roll his eyes though. ‘Sergeant Watson, Mr Stark. Our orders were to deliver the prisoner to you and ensure he did not escape.’
‘Alright, I’ll give it a go.’ She closes her eyes, frowning in concentration for a few moments. Eventually she lets out a frustrated sigh. ‘Nothing.’
