“Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.  Right,” John sighed and took a sip of lukewarm tea and suddenly became fascinated with the tea stain on the corner of the paper placemat.  With his finger, he traced the damp circle that the bottom of the cup had left behind.  “I think I’d prefer if it were just nightmares, actually.”
“soldier.”  The two were as intertwined within his nature as were honeysuckle with hazel – neither part surviving without the other.
When Joanna finally returned to Baker Street, she found the flat empty yet surprisingly clean, which both pleased and concerned her. The lack of dishes in the sink, or even scattered about the sitting room, meant that Sherlock may have tried to keep things tidy in her absence, but the more likely reality was that he had ignored his transport altogether.
“Oh, I assure you, Dr Watson will be fully informed about all of her options, and will be able to make the appropriate choice for herself given the circumstances. Though I will admit to taking some liberties in order to – how shall we call it? – ‘level the battlefield.’”
Joanna’s first night out of the flat after what she was referring to in her mind as “The Row” was spent at work where she kipped in a seldom-used doctor’s lounge off the neurosciences lab after quick nibble in the after-hours canteen and an even quicker wash in the doctors’ changing room.   She rarely made use of the facilities accorded her at UCH, figuring that her part-time status really wasn’t enough to warrant it, but that night she was able to justify it to herself with the idea that her next shift started in eight hours anyway, and with the doubles she had been pulling, no one was likely to take issue.
“That this doesn’t have to just be a ‘You and Me,’ or a ‘You and Sherlock’ winner-takes-all situation.  There could be an ‘us.’”  She gestured at the three of them as she slid into one of the vacant chairs.
Mycroft looked down the hall at the room that held their parents, Lestrade, and very pregnant Joanna Watson. He hesitated. There was much he could say. Much he
“Nightmares,” Sherlock stated.  John’s brow wrinkled with irritation and Sherlock raised his hands in defense of his tacit promise, such as it was.  “No.  It wasn’t a deduction – well at least not a new one – but we’ve already established that you suffer from – “
“Most people run the other way when they meet the Devil, John,” Sherlock said, rising from the chair.
Forty minutes later, Sherlock and Joanna were ensconced in their kitchen.  Sherlock had relocated his scientific flotsam and jetsam to other parts of the flat, and they had pulled out the nicer plates and flatware for once.  On the table between them sat a shared a ploughman’s lunch and a small roast beef terrine.  Sherlock nibbled at pieces of ham, bits of pickled onions, and freshly baked bread with butter while sipping a glass of
John burst out laughing, and immediately grimaced in pain.  “Right.  Paracetamol.  See you in two hours, Sherlock.”
“And they did.  It was fun.  Nice to spend time with everyone.  Haven’t seen Bill Murray since I invalided home.”  She had leaned against one of the ancient chimneys that dotted the rooftop of the historic building.  “You’d have hated every minute of it.”
“Jo.”  Greg took her hand again, hoping to deflect her attention from the elder Holmes.  “You’ve been very ill, but you’re mending.  There’s still your mental health to consider, too, though.  You’re mourning.  We
Mrs Husdon forced me out of bed today. Well, off the sofa, anyway. I don’t sleep in my bed anymore. Too far to climb. God that woman’s persistent.
Joanna would report her finding to Sherlock in a brisk yet professional manner, but she didn’t linger to chat with him, Lestrade, or the other members of the Yard.  She feared that if she did, sooner or later Sherlock would say something that would enflame her still simmering anger, and then where would they be? Until they could talk things through, really dedicate time to the conversation, it was best that she avoid additional contact with Sherlock whenever possible.
“Oh, I’m angry alright,” Mary snapped, her eyes hard as she rose and leaned back against the table, “but not for the reason the two of you think.”
Greg considered her question. “Well, the way I see it, you have four options.  Option One: You return to Baker Street and try to manage on your own.  Mrs Hudson would run herself into the ground helping you, which wouldn’t be good for
“No it isn’t,” Sherlock scoffed as though Mycroft’s suggestion was the most ridiculous he had heard since leaving London. Of course Joanne would welcome him. It’s what he had been planning on for two years.  “Now … where is it?”
Six pairs of opponents – their hands wrapped tightly, protective head gear strapped into place – sparred with one another on various mats placed strategically throughout the large
“Moriarty’s insane.  He’s well and truly ‘round the twist, but there’s more to it than that.  He is fixated on you.  To him, I’m a pet.  A novelty.  A plaything designed to make
Sherlock spun on his knees to face her. Eyes still closed, he slid his body between her legs, and though he loosened his grip on Joanna’s wrist, he did not let her go.  Rather, he slid his fingers beneath the cuffs of her jumper to caress the tender skin on the inside of her wrists. He lingered only a moment before his hands travelled up her arms over the soft cashmere.
There were only four numbers programmed into the device. In her opinion, speed dial was so called for one of two reasons:  expediency or emergency.  Jo felt that relying solely on programmed features was lazy and in fact impaired her memory more than helped it.  Contrary to what Sherlock thought, her mind held onto information quite well, ta very much. She was a bloody doctor, after all. Any other numbers she needed she could remember well enough when the time came.  Well, at least under normal circumstances.
“She and a friend have dinner reservations in the Marylebone Road,” Mycroft conceded.  “Nice little spot.  They have a few bottles of the 2000 Saint-Emilion … though I prefer the 2001.”
The carvings, a haphazard attempt at Scottish thistle and primrose, were the clearly those of an 11 year old novice who, nevertheless, had made her granda – a master carver – proud.
Sherlock nodded absently at the comment; his brain already moving onto another line of deductions about the man who sat across from him.  “Quite the shot you made earlier.  Given that the Geneva Conventions permit medical personnel in combat situations to use their weapons only in situations of self-defense, it is unlikely that the RAMC puts a great deal of resources into training their doctors to become crack shots, yet, as evidenced tonight, you most certainly are.  Which means that you had experience with shooting a gun before you entered military service.  Father would be the most obvious teacher –“
“You’ve already figured out that I’m more than a bit broken.  Deduced that in the first five minutes, I’d imagine.  So, opening up to people.  It’s hard. Haven’t had much success with it in the past.”
She fell back to sleep thinking of bees, a voice like warm honey, and thick curls softer than cashmere.
“It’ll be okay, Jo.”  Her next words – ones Greg never thought he would hear the stalwart soldier say – ripped him apart.
“Nothing’s right anymore.”  Joanna felt the sorrow well up inside of her again and took a deep breath to steady herself.
“S-Sherlock’s suic – ” she couldn’t say it. “Sherlock’s … fall is more than enough to induce the stress necessary for this kind of bleed,” Joanna said, slipping into doctor mode.  Clinical. Stay clinical. “But that kind of damage doesn’t just happen over night, and my ulcer was largely healed.  It takes weeks for the stomach lining to weaken to such a point, yet I’ve been ill for much longer than that.”
, Sherlock!  You needed ‘one more sample,’” her fingers twitched the inverted commas over her head, “to complete the test, but couldn’t be arsed to go out and find another one on your own?”
going to haul you up another two flights of stairs,” he muttered by way of explanation as he set down three towels and a bowl of water on the bedside table.  He then dropped John’s medical bag on the bed and began pulling out various items from its depths:  gauze dressings, surgical tape and cotton, scissors, a compression bandage, a few plasters, antibiotic ointment, latex gloves.  He took a small bottle of antiseptic solution and poured a measure of the liquid into the bowl of water.
have your tells.”  Mary was tempted to trace the edge of his coat collar, but flexed her fingers and dropped her hand to her side instead.  He didn’t much care for physical contact initiated by others, and she always tried to respect Sherlock’s boundaries.
“No. It’s not always easy living with you, but it’s far from a nightmare.  I’m not going to harp on the things we’ve talked about before.  Granted, I’d give my eyeteeth for you to wash a dish or go to the shops every once in awhile, but I’ve accepted that’s not going to happen. God knows I’m far from sunshine and light to live with.  My temper alone … you’d have been right to toss me out on my arse months ago, but you didn’t. You accepted me as I am, even made me a bit better,” she gestured at her left leg, “and I’m sorry that I haven’t worked harder to do the same for you.  You deserve better from me.”
“Then it’s no longer centred on her situation, thereby allowing her to better focus on the serious issues of her health and in bringing my niece or nephew safely to term.”
“John?” Sherlock asked, shaking his head.  He didn’t understand, and Mary felt a pang of pity for him.  This whole part of the conversation was laden with the unspoken sentiment that typically existed between a couple who had known each other intimately for an extended period of time.  Though the detective might be familiar with the concept due to his relationship with John, the dynamic of John and Mary was clearly elusive.  He needed more data, so she provided it to him.
“She always has,” Lestrade agreed before poking his nose through the open door to Joanna’s room.  The privacy drape had been pulled across the entrance, and he heard low voices speaking within.  “Whose with her now?”
Joanna turned the power off, tucked the hair trimmer into the back pocket of her jeans and pulled the hem of her jumper over it. “Sherlock Holmes, you are absolutely
Sherlock pulled the tobacco pouch from her fingers and set it aside, pressing the contents of his hand into hers. “If Mycroft knew I had this, he would never let me live it down, I’m afraid.  He’d be right to do so, too.  This is the epitome of sentiment.  Foolishness, really. And though I have tried, I’ve never been able to part with it.”
For the first time in his life, Sherlock Holmes had understood the cliché, but the truth of the matter was “heart dropping to the pit of his stomach” didn’t even begin to cover the sensation.  Not. One. Bit.
wasn’t in your life.”  Mary sipped her drink and watched the emotions play across John’s face from over the rim of her glass:  denial, frustration, consideration, reflection, and finally … acceptance.
“Just a bit here and there.  Knew her more by reputation, than anythin’. Brilliant doctor and a bloody good soldier, Doc Watson is.  Saved a couple of mates of mine in Sangin.”
They had stayed on the roof for the rest of the night watching the city scape as they drank the wine and ate the fish and chips Joanna had picked up after she left the pub with Sherlock’s location embedded in a text from Mycroft.    They had talked about everything and nothing:  cases, the Yarders, her tours in Afghanistan, his stints in rehab, her days in medical school, his in Uni.  They argued about why she hated green peppers on pizza and why he never ate lemon custard but couldn’t get enough of lemon biscuits. He never became bored with the discussion, and she never became irritated with his answers.
I'm sure that some of you are wondering about the reason behind Joanna's collapse in Chapter One.  I promise it will be revealed in the next chapter.  I just want to build to it a bit more.
The doctor nodded.  “Harry had no interest, so it became something that Gran and I shared together.” Sherlock watched as John’s blue eyes momentarily grew distant with memories.   “It’s come in handy … once or twice.”
“Hey there, sunshine,” Greg Lestrade said smiling down at her before he pressed a blessed ice chip and then another to her parched lips. Greg had been in hospital enough – either as patient or concerned friend – to know the drill. He was the second one listed on her emergency contact sheet right after Sherlock. Well, first one, now. Harry didn’t make the cut.
“What did you say to him?” Greg asked, nodding to the series of CCTV camera that followed them as he pushed the chair back down Euston toward UCH.
to her.  Take this opportunity, Sherlock. Grab hold of the possibilities. Jo has little reason to trust anyone, and she’s made it this far in her life by being very particular about who she lets in, but it’s been clear for a long while that she trusts
It had initially been slow going. It had taken nearly three quarters of an hour to unwind even half the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s head, but Joanna eventually fell into a rhythm and by the time her two hour time limit arrived, she had finished his nape, his left temple, and had moved on to the lower crown.
“The adrenaline rush should be nearly spent by now, and you had your arms tightly bound behind your back for over an hour.  Yes, please show me how well you can move them then, won’t you?”
an idiot!” John complained as he stumbled out of the cab behind Sherlock.  He rummaged around in his pockets for the keys to their flat, but Sherlock was already unlocking the door and crossing the threshold before John even remembered that when last he left the flat, he hadn’t been afforded the chance to grab his keys.
“Thank you for not denying it,” Mary said after a moment.  “I appreciate that you have that much respect for me and for each other.”
“Seating seems to be at a bit of a premium right now,” Sherlock said dryly.  He pulled the two strips of blue and white tape from the doorway and tossed them to the floor.  Dimmock’s people had been at 221B while Sarah, John, and Sherlock were giving their reports and filling out paperwork at the tramway tunnel, but the police only processed crime scenes; they didn’t actually clean them up.
untrained.  Yes, the Black Lotus had clearly searched the room for the Empress pin, but it had been a cursory search at best.  There were darker, subtler signs that something far more troubling had taken place here.  The crooked pictures on the wall to his right, the overturned desk chair, the scuff marks on the corner of the coffee table in front of the sofa, three fresh gouges – from fingernails? – scraped through the old paint of the door casing.  All signs of a struggle.
Greg glared at the man sitting with his legs crossed in a chair on the other side of the bed, but said nothing. Instead, he pulled his own chair closer, and took Jo’s hand in his.  “Hate to say it, but he’s right,” he admitted to Joanna.  “Have you always had an ulcer?”
John turned back from the window, and the detective noted the change in the man’s eyes: blue flame and dread.
Sherlock trailed the fingers of one hand down the slope of her neck, catching for a moment in the soft length of her hair before drifting lower.  Joanna arched into his hand as he palmed the curve of her breast, his thumb brushing once then twice against the suddenly taut peak of her nipple.  Sherlock breathed in her gasp of pleasure before exhaling one of his own when she nipped and suckled at his bottom lip.   Sherlock wrapped his arm around her back, pulling her tightly to him for a moment, his tongue tangling with hers one last time before he pulled away and settled on the back of his heels before her.
“It’s just as well that you’ve learned to finish each other’s statements, gentlemen.  An actual word of apology from Sherlock is like to be one of the signs of the apocalypse,” Mary said softly, but the steel behind her words caused John’s mouth to snap shut like a trap.  “Do you really think we’d be here now if I felt this was deliberate?”
Sherlock withstood the not-so-gentle ribbing of the Yarders when they took Helton into custody – it was just transport after all – and largely ignored the sniggers from the cabbie that drove them back to Baker Street. Only a minor comment about the dubious parentage of the man’s middle child. However, by the time Joanna paid and soothed the cabbie by way of a generous tip, Sherlock had already bounded up the stairs to the flat and shut himself up in the loo. Joanna set the kettle to boil and searched the fridge for something uncontaminated with which to make dinner when the sudden electronic buzz had her running down the short hallway. She burst into the loo and grabbed the electric clippers from Sherlock’s hand an instant before he set the blades to his hair.
“I‘ve always told you what I think. See no reason to stop now.” Greg flicked a fallen leaf from off his trousers.
“Listen, Sherlock … in the interest of ‘full disclosure’ between flatmates, you should know that I have … well, I have a hard time sleeping at night.”
Deeming her progress satisfactory, Sherlock returned to his cataloguing and left Joanna to her task.
In any event, Greg would ensure that Jo didn’t feel any undue pressure from Sherlock’s parents.  Mycroft’s machinations would turn out to either be brilliant or the worst disaster any of them had ever seen.  Lestrade was definitely hoping for the former.
“Option Three:  You take Violet and Siger up on their offer and move to Sussex until the baby comes.  They’re younger than Mrs H, and there’re two of them, so that’s a bit easier all ‘round.  There are the added benefits of getting to know Sherlock’s parents and letting them get to know you and their grandchild. But, it takes you from London, and I know how much you love the city.  You’ll probably have more contact with Mycroft, too.
options. Though she would wish it differently, the simple fact of the matter was that between her emergency surgery and an unexpected pregnancy complicated by morning sickness from hell, she had weeks of recovery ahead of her.  As it stood, she hadn’t even been outside for 30 minutes and already felt her energy flagging.  If she were her own patient, Joanna would advise getting as much help as she could stand.
gym that had been tucked away in a renovated series of shops off Devonshire Close.  It was clear from their form and lack of fluidity that all but one of the pairs were novices with little more than a month’s training behind them. The sixth pair was of moderate skill, but of the two, only the woman – 22 years old, single, nursing student, surgically corrected scoliosis at age 13, lactose intolerant – would likely continue in the sport beyond the end of the year.
Far from Baker Street and the Yard as well as University College and their flat, The Lab was neutral territory.  Well, as far as John and Sherlock were concerned, it was.  It wasn’t Switzerland by any means, but it would suffice.
“Do keep up, Detective Inspector. Our killer has finally made his mistake,” Sherlock said.  As Joanna had done with her corpse, he was digging around inside the wounds of the victim: two gaping lacerations on either side of the man’s spinal cord through which various organs and intestines had been pulled to drape obscenely across his naked back.
She remembered the night she had told this to Sherlock. It had been one of the hardest things she’d ever done. Admitting to the most amazing man she’d ever known, her closest friend, the love of her life that she would have blown her brains out if she hadn’t met him
It took Sherlock only that moment between one heartbeat and another to gather his inferences, so John was thankfully none the wiser.  He wouldn’t appreciate the inspection.  Yet as Sherlock stood to assess his friend’s most recent injuries, he tried to push back the sensations that pulled at him when he considered the pain that John must have been in, that he might
After a particularly acerbic row over the subject of Sherlock’s “sodding incompetent attempts at empathy” – a phrase which Joanna later regretted enough to allow him to fill the fridge with body parts and experiment to his heart’s content for an entire week – they had agreed that nothing would be said when she came home in such a humour unless she specifically brought it up.  “Just be nearby, if you would,” Joanna had asked of him, though. “I’ll work it through, but … yeah, I think it’s good to know that you’re around at the first.”
Sherlock scrambled around to face John directly, and the doctor almost groaned aloud at the loss of the warm body against his back.  “John, your association with me has put you at risk.”
Please let me know what you thought about this chapter.  Reviews make for happy, prolific writers.  The more we get, the more (and faster) we tend to write.
Joanna flicked her gaze toward Greg and saw Sherlock standing right behind him.   The corner of his mouth was tilted slightly in an expression akin to wonder, as though he was a child who had just seen snow fall for the first time.
Jo had never really understood the craze of skip diving; apparently it was one hell of a way to find all manner of fascinating items for free.  One man’s trash was another man’s treasure, and all that.  The only thing Jo gained from the experience was 15 stitches to the back of her right calf and a tetanus jab, but then she was diving after an extortionist, not an abandoned PlayStation 2 or coin collection.  An extortionist who – courtesy of the jagged edge of the rusty skip – managed to get away when Joanna sliced her leg open.
“Choose your next words carefully, Anderson. I care not a whit what you say about or to me, but think twice before you malign Joanna Watson’s qualifications or skills for though they come nowhere near to the level of my own, they exceed yours a hundred fold.”
“You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome,” Mycroft’s tone urged caution though he knew it would be ignored.
I can’t even maintain an extended metaphor without mixing it all around.  You’re right. I’m shite as a writer.
“Sherlock –“ Joanna gasped as his hands glided across the bare flesh at her collarbone then curled around each side of her skull, cupping her face in his large hands.  She watched as his eyes fluttered behind closed lids as they often did when he was categorizing new data.  “Wha … what are you doing?”  Her voice was breathless as Sherlock pulled her toward him, nuzzling gently at the shell of her ear, sensing everything he wanted through touch and smell alone. His breath whispered across her cheekbone before he finally pressed his lips to hers.
Mary bit the inside of her cheek to keep from grinning at John and Sherlock’s gasps of surprise.  Blue and grey eyes both widened.  John tugged nervously at the sleeve of his blue jumper, and Sherlock cleared his throat and adjusted the scarf at his neck; for the first time in four days, however, they each met her gaze directly.
Joanna pulled from his hold with a glare before she glanced at the table where the contents of her medical kit were scattered about: antiseptic pads, ointment, suture kit, tablets of this sort and that, iodine, betadine, bandages, plasters, scissors, forceps, tongue depressors, tweezers, even her neurological hammer.  He wouldn’t need half of it, but Sherlock always preferred to have all potential resources at his fingertips.  Bugger. It would take her forever to organise the bag again.
After being knocked around by General Shan and her minions, Joanna's injuries are tended to; Sherlock returns to London.
As always kudos, and especially comments, feed this writer's soul and typically makes me write a bit more quickly (especially now that the school year is over).
I hate what you did!  I hate that you lost faith in yourself.  I hate that you lost faith in me.  Why couldn’t you have just trusted me for a little bit longer? We would have figured it out.  You would have. I believed in you then. I believe in you still.
The case forgotten, Sherlock let himself bask in the light that filtered through the windows of Joanna’s conservatory and just feel.
During the relative silence of the cab ride home – punctuated occasionally by John’s grunts of pain as the full extent of his injuries began to manifest themselves– Sherlock attempted to deduce why he had reacted so viscerally to John’s abduction.
that night.  Each gentle touch, each whispered word of affection designed to soothe but not erase John’s pain.  Later, Mary tried not to let her heart break when his hot tears slid to her naked breast as he slept.
She rubbed her face with her hands before slapping them decisively on the armrests of the chair.  “Well, I’m certainly not moving to Majorca. Push me over to that CCTV camera behind the coffee vendor, would you?”
bit longer with me at your side.  Maybe I’ll manage to contribute something of worth even if it’s just being your sounding board.  Maybe there’s just enough of the romantic left in me to believe that every
She turned in her chair to face him.  “Sherlock, whether you see it or not, you and I already have an intimate relationship.  I can’t claim to know you as well as John does, but I’d like to think we are somewhat close – “
“Why would I do that?”  Sherlock sat in his leather chair, the DI across from him in Joanna’s who was out at the shops assisting Mrs Hudson.  “All the data indicates that Joanna is to a degree uncomfortable the fact that she is getting older.  In spite of her excellent physical condition, her hips and knees are exceedingly stiff when she wakes, requiring an extremely hot shower in order to loosen the joints before she’s able to move with ease.  Her shoulder aches more when the weather is poor.  She has mentioned the possible need for reading glasses ‘sometime soon.’  Symptoms of age that have certainly been exacerbated by the injuries she sustained in Afghanistan …”
“What do you think of this shirt?” Sherlock asked. He tucked the bespoke item into his trousers, inspecting his reflection in the mirror of Mycroft’s office – bunker – deep beneath the hallowed and silent rooms of the Diogenes Club.
hated the iceberg metaphor, but it was damned accurate in this case – he determined from the subtle expressions that flashed across Sherlock’s face in the half-light of the room that he wasn’t being ignored. No.  Sherlock was wrestling with something.  Something he wasn’t sure how to express, which meant it was probably emotional in nature.  Sherlock rarely had difficulty expressing anything else, after all.
“Because I was a complete arse! So were you – don’t think I’ve forgotten about that – but I should have taken the time to explain it to you, even though there was nothing for it.  Instead, I let my temper and the stress of the day get to me, and I scuttled off in a sulk and left you worrying for five bloody days.”
“So this is the ‘thing’ that was so important,” she had said quietly, scanning through the various screens until she found what she was looking for.
Joanna shook the pouch gently, and a scattering of tobacco leaves fell into her open palm.  She brought her hand to her nose and breathed deeply; the blend was mild with a smoky and woodsy quality.  It was also sweet with undertones of cherry and chocolate.  Memories of Scotland and of her grandfather danced to the forefront of her mind.
“Fine,” Jo said, peevishly. No way was she going to risk a repeat performance.  Not tonight. She was too damn tired.
“It’s fine.  Not much more than a scratch, really.  Hurt like bloody hell last night, but it’s fine.” She didn’t jump at his touch – casual touching had been part of their friendship since early days – but if her heart beat a bit faster at the contact than it used to have done, Joanna did her best to ignore it.  She was still angry with him, after all, wasn’t shea?
Sherlock muttered something about doctors and horrifying patients then pulled his chair closer, his knees pressed up on either side of hers.  His foot then curled around the leg of the chair to hold it, and her, in place.  Resigned to her fate, Joanna scooted to the edge of her chair to make things a bit easier for him and tried not to flinch each time Sherlock swabbed her wounds.
Though her voice sounded watery, her eyes were as dry as they had been the day of Sherlock’s funeral.  In fact, Greg would wager the bulk of his pension that she’d yet to cry at all, and that worried him more than he cared to think about. Tears weren’t required by any means, but they were sure as hell cathartic. Lestrade rubbed the side of Jo’s hand with his thumb in what he hoped was a soothing manner.
All of this Sherlock assessed in the span 17.4 seconds before dismissing it from his mind.  He was far more interested in the small, single fighter in the centre of the room skilfully fending off her trio of attackers.  The first two were dispatched in short order with a series of rapid fire cross and jab punches each of which were followed up with quick elbow strikes to the face.  Finally realising how outmatched they were, the two younger attackers bowed out as the third – a tree of a man with more muscles than mental acuity – struck from behind, knocking the legs out from under his victim who leapt up and spun away just in time to evade what would have been a vicious foot thrust to the abdomen. The foes launched themselves at one another, grasping and grappling at one another until the smaller of the two grabbed the other in a low clinch before spinning beneath and behind the him and executing a solid roundhouse kick to her opponent’s back.  The pair were evenly matched in spite of the size difference, and were dancing in close to one another again –
Sorry for the extreme delay with this most recent chapter.  Thankfully, I managed to get it up before a full month passed, but I am heartily embarrassed by how long it took.  All I can say is that as a teacher, this time of year is extremely busy for me, but now that school has ended, I hope to post more frequent updates.
The duo had continued to work regularly enough for The Yard that Mary suggested to Lestrade late one night at a triple homicide that a consulting fee might finally be in order.  Sherlock may be driven by the thrill of the chase, but there were still bills to pay.  To top it off, rising from the dead was apparently an excellent – although completely unintended – marketing scheme; Sherlock and John were ever more in demand from private,
Though he pulled the edge of the coverlet over his body to keep himself warm throughout the cold night, it was the strains of Sherlock’s violin that settled over his mind, urging John to sleep.  As he drifted, John remembered something that a girlfriend from his Uni days had said to him as he walked her back home after a classical music performance she had talked him into attending.  She was a cellist, a damn adorable one at that, and John had been young enough to follow wherever she asked him to go.
“I thought you were in the middle of a big experiment for the Disappearing Corpse case.”  When last she had seen him, Sherlock had been fully engrossed with small strips of hardwood, dozens of test tubes, and a flask full of sulphuric acid.
Sherlock smiled with delight, slipping his arms into the sleeves as the PA lifted it onto his shoulders, collar popped and at the ready.
Are you not paying attention, or should I count this as another symptom of the concussion?” Sherlock demanded as they reached the landing in front of their door.  “You know you can’t tend to your own wounds, so that means
Her deep blue eyes could shift from warm to inscrutable to malicious in the span of three heartbeats.  Her smile was often quick and affectionate yet could easily slide into a sigil of violence to come.  Her long hair was thick and just the right shade of blonde for her complexion, and more than once Sherlock had struggled to keep his heartbeat regulated when its loose curls hung about her shoulders ‘just so.’ Joanna wasn’t classically beautiful, her features were just a bit too asymmetrical to be so, but she was lovely in a way that garnered far more attention that Sherlock was really comfortable with, particularly where many of the Yarders – male and female – were concerned.
Like all good State-educated schoolboys, he knew how to swear in a variety of languages, including BSL, but other than the alphabet and a few other simple words, that was pretty much the limit of the DI’s vocabulary.  He did, however, know all about tone, and from the way she was signing, Joanna’s was dripping with sarcasm.
The doctor was giggling.  He pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes and just giggled.  “Oh, nothing.  Nothing.  Just my life.”  Sherlock snorted his annoyance at the answer.  “So, you mentioned a decision,” John said to Mary when he finally calmed himself.
That had been three days ago, and the flatmates still had yet to resolve their issues.  The serial killings were in large part responsible for that, however.  The PBR killer was escalating, and Sherlock was completely focused on the case, which was as it should be.  That didn’t mean, however, that she was going to just roll over and pretend that nothing had happened between them.  If she did, then it was only a matter of time before they found themselves in exactly the same situation.
“I’m going to go,” Mary said to John.  “Give you two the chance to talk alone.”  She pulled her iPhone from her coat pocket.  “It’s half six, now.  W - would you consider giving me your decision by ten?”
Yeah, right.  Concussion.  John opened his eyes and was met by Sherlock’s close, gray stare as he evaluated his condition. John’s breath caught in his chest at the unexpected nearness of the man.
Noting her distress, Greg slid closer to the edge of the bench.  He took her cup, set it on ground next to them, and rested his hand on the arm of her wheelchair in a silent gesture of support that made no demands in return.
John sat there for several minutes, debating whether he should follow Sherlock or Sherlock’s instructions.  The events of the evening had hit his friend in a way he was not expecting and Sherlock was having difficulty processing them.  That much was clear.  What was puzzling was
The delicate curtain behind Sherlock’s chair puffed gently from the night breeze that flowed into the flat, grabbing Joanna’s attention, and suddenly she was able to answer her own question.  Dropping the ruined pipe on the desk, Joanna grasped Sherlock’s violin where it lay in its open case on the floor next to the window, and though she held the priceless instrument reverently in both hands, she saw Sherlock’s eyes widen in concern.
“S – something’s … wrong, Greg.” Joanna felt her legs buckle and her peripheral vision seemed to fragment with light as  though through a prism before growing dark with shadows near the edges. She blinked hard in an attempt to refocus.
, Sherlock Holmes – the minute I shot that cabbie through the heart, and I’ll be damned if I’ll let some sodding lunatic with a questionable Irish accent change that!”
Tapping out the fingerings for Paganini’s Violin Concerto No. 1 in D on the tabletop, Sherlock thought about this for a moment.  He’d never openly admit it, but Sergeant Donovan had been correct.  He didn’t
Instead she propped herself up on her elbow, pushed her long hair out of her eyes, and – per Sherlock’s
have to do it.”  Sherlock propped John up against the open door to their flat with one hand as he searched for the light switch within.
“Never apologize, John.  I know how you feel about her.”  Sherlock slumped down in the chair John had vacated, and Mary picked up on the fatalism in his tone.  He thought he knew whom John would choose.
“Living together and loving together … or at least loving you, John,” Mary finished his thought.  Sherlock wasn’t the only one who understood John’s thinking.
My thanks, again, to those of you who have left comments, kudos, bookmarks, and the like.  Reviews are bliss.  I'll admit to checking several times a day.  A girl needs all the positive reinforcement she can get, after all.
She didn’t know why she was telling Greg all of this. But for some reason, if she didn’t say this now, if she kept it all locked up again … she closed her eyes.  “That night at the pool, Moriarty promised Sherlock that he’d burn the heart out of him. We knew he meant me. We never talked about it directly, but we always thought that Moriarty would come after
“If you agree to this, you’ll be able to deduce where to find me to give me your answer.  I'd rather you didn't just call.”  Mary pressed a kiss to the side of John’s mouth, breathing deeply of his calming scent before turning to Sherlock.  She smiled at him and risked a quick, affectionate tug on the end of his scarf.  Pulling open the curtains of the snug, she stepped out into the pub proper.
John moved his shoulders slightly to prove Sherlock wrong and grunted in pain and irritation when all he did was manage to prove Sherlock right.  Damn but he wanted to rip that cocked eyebrow right off of Sherlock’s face sometimes, the bloody git.
I still do not have a beta or a Brit-Picker (I'll talk to all interested parties), so any mistakes are purely mine.
getting this information,” Anthea interrupted, indicating the numerous folders she held in her hands.  “All the chatter, all the traffic concurs there’s going to be a terror strike on London – a big one.”
The fourth belonged to the … wait. What did she call him? Oh.  The Bastard.  She would not call him unless there was
?   You’re uncomfortable in large crowds of people you don’t know or like, and you’re not a big fan of parties.”
Joanna climbed the stairs to her room and quickly changed out of the inexpensive button down and khakis she had picked up at Oxfam when she decided she would be out of Baker Street long enough to warrant a couple of changes of clothes and pulled on her favourite blue jumper and most comfortable pair of denims.  She slipped her Browning into the holster that clipped to the inside of her jeans at the small of her back and tugged the jumper over it.  A minute later she was out the door, locking it behind her as she left. After a brief stop at Speedy’s to get Sherlock something to eat – arsehole or not, his transport needed refuelling – she hailed a cab.  Once on her way to Portobello Road, Joanna pulled out her mobile
It’s been a chilly, grey summer, Sherlock.  Even for London. I’m cold all of the time. Can’t seem to get warm no matter how many layers I wear.  I know how much you hate my jumpers, but they come in handy.  Keep me comfortable as well as hide from Mrs H and Greg the fact that I’ve lost nearly a stone.
Sherlock stood at the edge of the roof and gazed out upon the city he hadn’t seen in over two years.  All of London was laid out below and beyond him. He closed his eyes and let the sounds and the smells of the ancient hamlet suffuse his senses.
“Yes.  You have been.  Quite ill, in fact,” Mycroft confirmed.  “And yet you’ve managed to hide it all rather effectively.  I would congratulate you, Doctor Watson, for such an impressive feat, if it the consequences weren’t so potentially dire.”
Joanna pulled at the small bow that kept the contents of the pouch secure.  Inside lay a second bag, this one made of thin leather wrapped shut with narrow cord. It was extremely light and whatever was inside crunched a little as she unwound the cord.  Joanna was immediately swept up in an aromatic flood of emotions that she never thought to experience again.
His brain, his “massive intellect,” had failed him in that moment and his emotions took control. John was gone.  John was in danger.  Not the girl.  Not at first.  Only John.  Why?  Finally, the adrenaline of panic that rushed through his body – a biochemical, “Move your bloody arse!” as it were – kick-started his mind and snapped him back to action.
one another; always have done even though you couldn’t admit it.  What I’m so angry about is that you never gave me the chance to tell you how
“We’re both shite with emotions, you and I.” Joanna smiled, but it wasn’t with mirth.  “You pretend not to have them, which is utter rubbish.  No, it
“Why?!”  She tossed the pipe in his lap.  He picked it up and fingered the gouges he had left in the wood.
No response.  Joanna returned to the sitting room where Sherlock was completely engrossed in a pair of files, eyes flitting from one set of data to the other.
“Well, as I said earlier, I think better when I talk aloud, and as much as I love my skull, it’s only capable of so much insight, and the thought of continuing to try to explain my deductions to anyone at The Yard is extremely distasteful.  You, however, ask reasonable, if not always observant, questions.  Though I’m hopeful that will improve with time. ”
Joanna swallowed tightly and turned the pipe over in her hands.  Sure enough, the lip of the bowl opposite the filter bore the same deep shaving marks as did all of Sherlock’s other samples, and virgin briarwood – untouched by stain or ash or time – winked at her under the harsh florescent lights.
Occasionally, however, her intense empathy for others, particularly her patients, overwhelmed her.  Sherlock didn’t understand such compassion himself, but he found that he was generally unsettled regarding the toll it could take on Joanna.   Based on the degree to which Joanna’s limp affected her climb up the stairs combined with the lateness of the hour – half midnight already – Sherlock was left with only one conclusion: one of her patients had died today, and Joanna was questioning whether or not she had done all she could to prevent it.
“I need you to give this matter your full attention, Sherlock.  Is that quite clear?” Mycroft insisted as he watched his younger brother adjust the lay of his clothing.
That was a far sight better than ‘tedious’, ‘tiresome’, ‘boring’, or ‘exasperating’.  In fact, coming from Sherlock Holmes, it was high praise.  Mary felt a blush of pleasure rise to her cheeks, and she smiled.  “I appreciate that, Sherlock. Thank you.”
the hair products you keep in the cupboard.  You could coif half of Cornwall with what you’ve got in there.  Just give me
Odd, that.   But perhaps not really all that odd.  He trusted Sherlock implicitly and knew that despite the man’s grumblings and protests to the contrary, he would give John the best care he was capable of providing.
smell like.”  She took his hands – hanging open and limply in his lap – in hers and crouched before him.  “Now I know what
John jumped slightly at her soft words.  “It wasn’t like that,” he said after several moments with a melancholy smile and tired eyes.  He finished his tea and called for the bill, effectively putting an end to any further observations about his
“You did.  Very much, but again not deliberately.  I think I hurt you more than you hurt me.  I knew you didn’t understand the sentiment attached to my granda’s pipe, yet I blamed you anyway. That wasn’t fair.”
Shortly before Moriarty’s trial, Sherlock had insisted Joanna trade in the mobile that Harry had given her when she returned to London for a newer model.  Its reception was unreliable at best, and given the unpredictability of the defendant, Sherlock needed to know that he could always get in touch with Joanna, no matter where or when.  And he had been.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the best and wisest man I have ever known, but you drive me ‘round the twist on a daily basis.   I’m captivated by your genius and disgusted with what you keep in the fridge.  I want to slap you as often as I want to hug you.  You say things that make me feel like a bloody idiot one minute and manage to follow it up with something that makes me feel incandescent the next. People ask me why I continue to share a flat with you, and I can’t give them an answer because there are no words to describe what it brings to my life.  I wouldn’t change a single bloody thing about you, but am so proud when you take small steps to become better than you are.  I love you, you git.  You’re my dearest friend, and when it comes down to it, there’s no one else I
She had worked a series of double shifts that week to help out an ill colleague, and had one more to go.  It had been two months since she worked in hospital as much as she had done, and though Sherlock knew she was grateful for the increase to her income, he longed for her to finish up so that she could join him on cases again. There hadn’t been many to be sure, hence the cold cases from the Yard to help Sherlock maintain some semblance of sanity until the next serial killer made his presence known, but he had missed his blogger at his side when he
!“ John had been trying to ferret out the meaning implied in her words and groaned with misery when it finally sunk in.  He buried his hands in his face.  “I am
“Took longer than I thought it would for the blush to come off the rose, but based on your behaviour the last few days, it seems that the true Sherlock has finally shown his spots.”  Donovan crossed her arms over her chest as she always did when she was about to deliver a lecture that was completely intrusive and unwarranted.
The Holmeses had not attended Sherlock’s funeral. Initially, Greg had found it unpardonable, but after the service Mycroft had explained that his mother had fallen ill with the flu, and his father simply did not travel from Sussex without her. Mycroft had mentioned something about a small memorial service at the family estate for those who had know Sherlock as a child, so if Greg found it odd that after all these months Mr and Mrs Holmes still spoke of their younger son in the present tense, he didn’t show it. Joanna did much the same, when she spoke directly of Sherlock at all.  He would ask Mycroft about it later.
. I don’t buy that sociopath nonsense and never have.”  Joanna’s look and finger were equally pointed when Sherlock tried to protest. “My emotions … well, some I have no trouble expressing – ”
He came by the flat today, Greg in tow. Used the good DI as a buffer between us. Rather funny that as it’s clear Greg loathes Mycroft, too, right now.  I’m not naïve enough to think Mycroft’s actually afraid of me, but he’s certainly wary. Maybe the Browning on the side table next to my hand – I no longer see a need to keep it hidden, Greg’s always known I’ve had it, and he’s not going to take it from me – had something to do with the trepidation I saw in Mycroft’s eyes when I could stomach looking at him for long enough.
Sherlock grunted in agreement and returned to his file. He noticed that she rubbed at the pain in her hip with the heel of her hand in an attempt to loosen tight muscles that wouldn’t ease until her conscience did.
“Detective Inspector, there was never any doubt of it in my mind.  Even before their relationship dipped toward the romantic, Dr Watson has always been singularly loyal to Sherlock.”
It had been a chilly night, Sherlock remembered, but a clear one, and the glitter and sparkle of the city lights served as effective camouflage for the dodgier and more dangerous underbelly of London that Sherlock knew all too well.
The “but” hung in the air between them. Joanna reached out and took his hand in hers, rubbing her thumb over the back as she had done in the cab the other night.
“You haven’t been in touch at all? To prepare her?” Mycroft knew the answer to the question, but it needed to be asked nonetheless.  Appearances had to be maintained.
Outside a windowless conference room at New Scotland Yard, Gregory Lestrade snapped his fingers at the legal council the Federation had provided him, grabbing her attention.  “Emergency call for 221B Baker Street.  Thirty-nine year old female, possible internal bleeding.  Make the call.”  The woman looked at him blankly.  “Now!” he barked and she scrambled for her mobile.
“Sarah’s fine, John,” Sherlock said.  “You examined her yourself when the medics were done, and Dimmock’s people have taken her home.”  He shrugged out of his coat and scarf and tossed them on the sofa, all the while keeping one hand firmly planted on John’s left shoulder to keep him upright.  “Feisty one, your date.  Wouldn’t go quietly even when they threatened her with a gun.  That’s why they couldn’t search but this room and the kitchen.  Made too much noise.”
“I’m having her arrested.” Donovan unclipped her radio from her belt and brought it to her mouth.  “Constable Simons, take Doctor Watson into custody when she –“
“Two concussions in less than a week would tend to make things a bit fuzzy, I’d imagine.”  The condescending tone that Sherlock usually took when discussing a person’s intelligence or ability to think objectively was blissfully absent.
. Last night in the alley. To Lestrade, too.” After Joanna had finished giving Lestrade her preliminary statement, and expressed her regret for her behaviour at the previous crime scene, she had pulled Donovan aside to talk. Sherlock hadn’t been able to hear the words, but their body language had been telling. Joanna’s gestures had been remorseful; Sally’s unsympathetic and hostile.
John bid goodnight to Sherlock at the entrance to their living room.  “I doubt I’d even hear a herd of elephants stampeding down Baker Street,” he chuckled when Sherlock asked if his playing the violin would disturb John’s sleeping.
Mycroft watched his brother’s eyes grow fond as he studied the photos, and though Mycroft would never admit it, his own throat grew somewhat tight as he observed Sherlock.  So much had happened.  So much had changed.
So John would wait.  He watched silently as Sherlock focused his outward attention on washing the wounds on John’s wrists just as he had his temple: first the right and then the left.  Dip, wring, swab, dab, toss.  Dip, wring, swab, dab, toss.  He even went so far as to use his pocket magnifying glass and a pair of tweezers to ensure that no rope fibers remained that might generate infection.   The movements of Sherlock’s long fingers were surprisingly graceful for their inexperience at the task; John found the motions almost hypnotic, and when his left hand started its trembling again – as it always did when the stress of battle left him – Sherlock lightly gripped the back of John’s hand in the palm of his, stilling the tremors, and continued with his attentions.
“They just have shockingly ordinary parents. Don’t give me that look. They didn’t spring fully formed from Zeus’ head, either.”
The fifth attempt was interrupted by a minor explosion in the kitchen; Sherlock had completely forgotten about the octopus tentacles.  He’d need to start again, and they’d need new pressure cooker.  Joanna would not be pleased.
Sherlock studied Joanna for a long moment she looked tired, but not from the party or from drink.  One whiskey.  One pint. Barely enough to give her a pleasant buzz. Joanna had a tolerance for alcohol that rivalled men three times her size.  No.  Not tired. Resigned.  Why?
“The heavy artillery,” Mycroft said under his breath before greeting the woman with an overly bright “Mummy!” Even Lestrade could tell that Mycroft’s tone lay in that weird junction between the fabricated and the sincere.
“I’d run out of reasons, Greg. It’s almost a bloody cliché, yeah? Suicidal ex-army doctor finds her salvation in the 11
She took a sip of her wine before continuing; Sherlock, strangely, seemed to hang on her every word.  She knew he was internalizing it.  Saving it on his hard-drive for later access and analysis. “You make some reckless choices.  Things that put the both of us in jeopardy – Moriarty’s a prime example – but that’s what I signed up for, yeah?  I knew what I was getting into that very first night, and I chose you and The Work anyway. If I weren’t up for the challenge, I’d have left straight away after the pool.  You can be thoughtless and insensitive, but never because you’re being deliberately cruel to me.”
“You think so?”  Mycroft’s smile was cynical yet well he knew how little his brother understood human nature.  Even after all this time.
“Option Two:  You return to Baker Street and hire a nurse to move in until you’re past the dangerous part of the pregnancy.”
Oh. That. “I needed one more sample to complete the test.” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. Explanation complete.
the one who refused treatment at the scene.  ‘I’m a ruddy doctor,’” he mocked in a disturbingly accurate imitation of Joanna’s voice.  “If you don’t want me to do this
Please be aware that there will be discussions of suicide/suicide ideation in this chapter.  If that is a trigger for you, you are officially forewarned.
“Feeling a bit entitled over here, ta very much.” Jo fiddled with the edge of the blanket that covered her lap.  “Not surprised, mind you.  I’ve seen that bastard try to manage and commandeer his brother’s life more times than I can count, but if he thinks he’s going to do that with Sherlock’s child, he has another think coming.”  She sighed, trying to push back the exhaustion and depression that ever lurked in the shadows of her mind.   “I don’t know if I’m angrier with Mycroft because he tried to manipulate me or because he thought I wouldn’t
Dwarfed by the Belstaff though she was, Joanna slid her free hand beneath the wool of the coat and rested it against the knit of her jumper and the belly that not was just starting to swell with child. She turned her face to the flickers of sunlight that shone between the leaves and branches of the tree and sighed.  “What am I going to do, Greg?”
“And me?”  She sounded hesitant.  The fingers of her right hand clenched rhythmically on the seat of the cab.
Usually he found Joanna’s medical cases rather tedious and mind-numbingly boring, but Sherlock was starting to suspect that wasn’t always the case.  Such socially divergent activities might warrant …
Caught in the tunnel where wind speeds could exceed 190 kilometres per hour, Sherlock’s curls never stood a chance.  He emerged from the lab, his hair a mass of tangles and mats the likes of which Joanna had never seen.
“Assuredly not,” Mycroft said. He took his seat behind his desk, opened the comprehensive files on Joanna Watson, and spread a great many more photos out on the smooth surface.  “She has become something altogether different.  Something for which even her time in the Army did not allow.”
“Yes.”  Mary rose and reached around John to snag her red coat from her chair.  She pulled her knit scarf from inside the sleeve and looped its length about her neck as she explained.  “The two of you have to decide if the three of us is a lifestyle you can undertake.  I have no more experience with this than you, but I know it won’t be easy, especially not at first.  It’s all about trust, consent, and communication.  No lying, no half-truths – ever.   While I don’t think trust and consent will be an issue –“
And so Joanna was left delving through the innards of a 42-year-old shop owner with chronic eczema who had been disembowelled with steak knife and a garden trowel searching for –  Ah!  There it was.
“… So it’s just a shower, a quick bite of that steak and kidney pie Mrs Hudson made, and I’m off to –“
“Dozens of them,” she said, sounding again too much like Sherlock.  As far as options went, none of them overly appealed to her, but Joanna was thankful that at least there
“Take my bed, John,” Sherlock said over his shoulder as the older man stepped into the kitchen.  “None of the windows in there blew out from the explosion, so it’ll be warmer once I stoke the fire.”
I visited the John Watson tie-in blog sponsored by the BBC, and was surprised to find out that the events of "The Blind Banker" and "The Great Game" are only a few days apart, so I am going with that timeline.  Additionally, I am using the contents of John's blog to explain how Moriarty abducts Watson in the first place.
my bed, not in it.  I wasn’t overly interested in tidying up the living room before setting you to rights, and I am definitely
Anderson tried to take a step backwards, to move out of the range of Sherlock’s acid tongue, but found he was already pressed up again the wall.
“There’s one more thing you should remember …” Joanna finished.  Before Donovan could ask the question, Jo had spun her arm out of the police sergeant’s grip, forced Sally’s hand and arm up behind her back, and drove her face-first into the wall next to the front door.
I hate Mycroft for betraying you. I hate Mycroft for telling me truth about his involvement with Moriarty only once it was too late to do anything to help you.  I hate that Mycroft made me question myself for so long that I couldn’t see what he had done to you until there was nothing –
The CCTV camera that had been centred on the patrons queued up for their afternoon cuppa spun slowly to face them. Joanna gave it a quick wave, and then began signing her message.  Greg knew that Joanna was fluent in British Sign Language.  She had studied it in Uni to be able to communicate with deaf patients more easily, and though the Yard had made use of her expertise on more than one occasion, Greg had only a very,
“You did, Mr Holmes,” supplied Constable Chadha, helpfully.  Both Donovan and Anderson shot the young woman looks of pure venom for they knew she had also heard the entire conversation between Sally and Joanna, but Chadra smiled benignly in response.
“No,” Sherlock said, distractedly. His fingers skimmed the smooth surface of the images for a moment before he caught Mycroft’s gaze on him. He stiffened and cleared his throat, uncomfortable with his brother’s scrutiny.  “Well, we’ll have to get rid of those.”  He pointed dismissively at the spectacles Joanna wore in the second photo.
of you.  I tried to tell you how I felt, how excited I was, but you had already shut down … shut me out.  You wouldn’t listen to anyt – ”
“I agreed to nothing of the sort.  I’m not going to run just because things have gotten more dangerous that we anticipated.”  John gestured toward his overstuffed chair, “Now sit down so we can – “
A ping from his mobile pulled Sherlock from his thoughts.  Setting the violin back in its case, he pulled the device from his pocket, read the message, and threw the phone against the back of his chair.  He turned his back on the device, strode to his room, and though there was no one in the flat to hear it, slammed the door behind him.
sense of self-preservation, do you?” John pushed his plate to the side and leaned his forearms on the table.  His voice was low.  His incredulity clear.
My research on concussions indicates that the full effects of this form of traumatic brain injury can evolve over the course of hours -- or even days -- so while John seems relatively uninjured as he's walking with Sarah while Sherlock stops to speak with Dimmock, the full effects of getting pistol whipped and knocked unconscious are still developing.
“It’s not the lead into a pub joke, Joanna,” Sherlock sighed, gesturing with the file in irritation.  “Three separate cases.”
Hooking a finger into the loop of Sherlock’s scarf, she tugged gently, loosening it until the flesh beneath was exposed.  Mary slid the fine wool from around his throat, letting it pool into his lap before she pushed back each edge of the open collar of his midnight blue shirt, still never touching.  The evidence before her stood out in stark contrast against the pale skin of his long neck.  “Love bites.  Three of average size; two additional … slightly larger.  I’d wager there are at least four more scattered about here and there.”  She gestured absently at the rest of his torso.
“Quite the contrary, John, but ‘The Work’ is everything, and if pursuing the answers means that I have to occasionally put myself at risk – ”
friend for a long time, and once he was gone … well, it was a long while before things began to make sense. Took even longer before I found something … some
There, standing atop London, Sherlock had allowed his mind wander back to the topic of Joanna Watson.  His flat mate.  His … friend?
He leaned over John’s body to inspect tonight’s damage to the right shoulder.  He palpated the tender skin, though
The silence at the table was profound in spite of the fact that two-thirds of the Glenfiddich was gone.  The stiffness in both John and Sherlock’s postures had lessened somewhat – at least they no longer looked like they had a maypole shoved up their arses – but for all that they spoke, she might as well have been sitting alone.
“Well, you aggravated the hell out of it. Bleeding was such that the docs needed to operate.  Not life-threatening, mind you, but bad enough.”
Sherlock smiled.  Not the fake one that he had used in that horrible video, but the real one that had come into far more frequent use since Joanna had come into his life.  The one he had thought long dead from disuse.  In an action that had no explanation other than that it had simply felt right, Sherlock pulled Joanna to him and held her close.  She wrapped her arms around him and pressed her face into his chest. They stood that way for long moments. He had felt the steady beat of her heart against his chest, smelled the lavender of her shampoo, and tasted the tea and salt and vanilla of her skin when he pressed a kiss to her temple. He should have felt awkward and uncomfortable for this was the height of sentiment.  Not his area.
.  You touched her first, and it was completely unwarranted.  Dr Watson – a respected doctor and forensics consultant who was invited to assist us in this investigation – had to defend herself from a physical assault by a member of the Metropolitan Police under
“It’s not the girls’ night out that I was looking for, but I’ll certainly never forget it,” Joanna said, trying to keep her tone light.  She really didn’t want to dwell on how close she and Sarah had come to dying.  Concussed and tied to a chair, Captain Joanna Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers had never felt so helpless in her life as she did when General Shan had turned the crossbow on her friend.
“Mmmmm …” Sherlock’s tone was casual, seemingly disinterested, as he slid his arms into the tailored jacket and flattened the collar.  “Have you seen her?”
“If we’re going to do this –“ John gestured at the two of them, and it was clear that he wasn’t just talking about being flatmates, “I need to understand my role.  I need to know what ‘colleague’ means to you.”
“In the middle of the journey of our life, I found myself within a dark woods where the straight way was lost.”
He coughed.  “Yes, well.  Don’t expect me to make a habit of it.  A bit rubbish at all this ‘talking about feelings’ business.  No wonder you hated therapy as much as you did.  It’s left a rather peculiar tang in my mouth, actually.”
He pressed the thumb and index finger to his eyes as if their pressure could forever banish the things he had seen and experienced that night, but it wasn’t to be. John could feel the panic attack starting to set in.  He hadn’t had one since before he moved into the flat with Sherlock, but he knew the signs.
That word got her attention, and she popped her head above the covers, wincing as one of the plasters on her forehead caught on the sheet. “What
A pat on the back or a quick hug after the successful conclusion of a case caused his ears to warm and his neck to flush. The brush of her fingertips against his as she passed him a cuppa in the morning Sherlock discovered would cause his lips to twitch in a smile.  A quick squeeze of his shoulder as he sat hunched over his microscope, and Sherlock would pause in his analysis until the warmth that filled his chest diffused throughout his limbs leaving him energized in such a way that he usually only experienced after four cups of coffee or a hit of cocaine.  And without fail, each time Joanna touched him, Sherlock’s keen, teeming mind settled into a moment of perfect silence before coming back online with more clarity than had been there before.
She leaned into his touch, savouring it, knowing full well that it might be the last time she felt the press of his skin to hers.  “To be happy … all of us, but what that ultimately looks like will depend on the decision the two of you make tonight.”
Sherlock had spun from his musings, nearly over balancing in the process; his natural grace abandoned him in his surprise, and he had teetered on one leg for a long moment before righting himself, attempting to hide the cigarette behind his back.
For a moment, Sherlock looked as though he was trying to enjoy this interplay, but the effect was ruined by the shadows of – could it be?! –
“Watch the tone, Sherlock,” Mary said with a voice that was as flinty as her eyes.  “I’m willing to give you the benefit of the doubt and believe that you’re simply overwhelmed by the uncontained emotions in the room right now and don’t know how to respond appropriately.  I'm about to make the most selfish suggestion of my life, and if you can't appreciate that, you can either shut up or sod off!”
.  Don’t deduce!  Or if you have to, keep it to yourself.  Otherwise ‘amazing’ and ‘extraordinary’ will become ‘piss off’ faster than you can loop that bloody scarf around your neck.”
things, that made me wonder if humanity was really worth saving,” John said, his voice toneless.  “T-things that made me question whether or not there was even a God because how could God let such things happen?  But as bad as it got, I never met the Devil face to face …
“I am quite skilled at hand-to-hand combat, John, but it is likely that sooner or later I will run into an altercation that I will be unable to fully control myself.  A trusted companion with military experience who knows his way around close combat situations could prove essential to my survival and that of my work,” he acknowledged before he took another sip of his tea.
“Right,” John said, looking down at the ground.  He picked up a few of the blankets that pooled on the floor between them.  “I’m … going to bed, then.  Take some more paracetamol and up to the icebox, I go.”
The pipe was warm in her fingers as it always was. Warm not from lit tobacco but with the memories of her grandfather guiding her tiny hands and the carving knife over the surface of the small briarwood pipe bowl as he murmured instructions and encouragements in her ear.
“Sentiment,” Joanna scoffed.  “Not really your area.”  She immediately regretted letting her temper get the best of her. Sherlock jerked up from where he was bent over the corpse, and she was able to catch a glimpse of hurt and guilt in his eyes before they iced over with his traditional professional detachment.
For her own part, Mary had never seen John so alive.  It was as though Sherlock’s presence had reanimated her lover in a way that Mary hadn’t been aware was even needed.  Sherlock may have been resurrected, but it was John Watson who had been reborn.  Everything was brighter, his gaze sharper, his attention keener, his lovemaking both more tender and more passionate.
He had always been self-sufficient, independent, and aloof, yet somehow this mere slip of a woman had insinuated herself into the very fabric of his life, and he couldn’t imagine wanting it any other way. And when Sherlock saw her walk under the crime scene tape at the fruit and veg stand wearing that silly blue jumper and her hair pulled back in a pony tail, looking far more lovely than she had any right to do, it took every bit of self-discipline he had to not step over the cold corpse at his feet, clasp his friend to him, and leave the scene and the Yarders behind.  A very primal reaction, and one that he was still puzzling over days later.
“Sherlock’s comin’ out, Simons,” Lestrade said into the walkie.  “Make sure you get him and Watson to the IT guys.”
“You two sure know how to bugger things up.  If you get this stroppy after finally having the bollocks to shag the man that you’ve loved for over three years, you bloody well didn’t do it right!”
Thank you all for the lovely kudos posted thus far.  Remember that comments are the spice of life for writers.  I'd love to know what you think.  Be it constructive criticism, plot bunny ideas, and, especially, praise if you deem this worthy.
“O’Hearn’s remains will be released to his family, if they want them,” Sherlock said.  “Though there is talk of preserving his brain for study.  Apparently some physicians at Bart’s are in the initial stages of a new study on the possible links between schizophrenia, dissociative personality disorder, and sociopathic tendencies.  I’m quite interested in –“
Sherlock had come to Whitehall frequently in his younger years, to stand atop this particular landmark and survey his realm; as he grew older, more confident and secure in his chosen profession, less so. Sometimes, like today, it was to reconnect with the city, see it from a new vantage point.  Other times – extremely rare occasions when the usually nurturing walls of Baker Street grew uncomfortable, judgemental, and critical with disapproval – he came here to think.  Not to wander about in his mind palace, but to evaluate and to study himself. Mycroft had always thought Sherlock incapable of self-reflection.  He believed Sherlock so far removed from his own emotions that it was impossible to analytically evaluate his own choices.
health, and I know it wouldn’t be good for yours.  I’m sorry, but we’ve plenty of evidence on how well
“At the risk of repeating myself, I don’t like it when we argue, at least not like we did the other night. Some of our arguments are quite beneficial in that they allow me to process certain ideas and generally lead me to a new understanding in addition to allowing
again. How do you expect me to do that without the one person who has been directly responsible for helping me rebuild that life?  When the one person I have come to love and care about most in the world has hidden himself away at the top of the bloody city?”
At that moment, the privacy curtain inside Joanna’s room was pushed back, and Dr Lannister stepped out into the hall, making notations on the chart she held as she walked down the corridor.
The room was in complete disarray.  The crates of books had been up-ended; the contents of John’s desk – including his laptop – had been knocked to the floor, cushions ripped up from the chairs and the sofa.
“She’s been your bloody flat mate for nearly 10 months. You let her into your life in a way I’ve never seen you do before, and you’re all the better for it, but you’ll never get anywhere else if you don’t at least try, mate.  In fact, if you’re not bloody well careful, you might lose her altogether.  Look, Jo didn’t tell me much, and what she did isn’t mine to share, but I know that she means a lot to you.  Surely Jo’s worth the anxiety, yeah?”
Mary and John had been cuddling in bed, breathless in the afterglow of a particularly vigorous shag when the phone shuddered across the surface of the table next to the bed.  John – to his credit – tarried in indecision long enough so as to receive a second, impatient text from the detective.
“Unnecessary.  The floor will be fine.”  Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown around his body, folded his long limbs under him, and sat down on the floor with his back against the side of the bed nearest her head.  He opened the book he had brought with him and cocked his head back to look at her over the mattress.
“Just a sodding second, Sherlock!”  John demanded, sitting up straighter in the chair.  Once again, Sherlock had held the majority of the conversation inside his own head and had skipped sharing it with those who were coming late to the party.  “What are you blathering on about?
Two days later, Sherlock found himself casually surveying the controlled chaos that played out before him. The grunts and screams of combat that echoed off rough concrete and exposed timber walls were punctuated by the slap and thud of flesh connecting with soft tissue and bone. The musty smell of sweat and coppery tang of blood hung heavy in the room despite the large industrial fans that tried to stir the air to freshness.
This chapter ended up being a beast.  It's beyond huge, but I couldn't find a decent place to split it, so here it is.
“Bloody scotch,” the detective muttered.  He stared at the glass as though it was the Serpent itself.  Swigging down the remains, he set the glass on table next to John and looped his scarf around his neck again, trying for all the world to seem indifferent to the situation he had created for himself.  Eventually, he turned his cool gaze to Mary’s much warmer one, but the man who was never a loss for words suddenly found himself struggling with them.  “You’re – that is, I find you – oh, sod it!” he growled, “– I find you … interesting.”
Mycroft picked up a still from his desk. Joanna looked much the same as she did in the photos he had provided Sherlock, except that in this one – taken outside a private surgery on Harley Street only three weeks ago – her eyes glowed with a fierce determination that he knew first hand was rivalled only by his own.
“Dr Watson is currently meeting with her physician, but I do imagine they’ll be done soon,” Mycroft said hastily, ready to move on before his mother began sharing horrifying stories from his childhood. “In the meantime, may I introduce Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade of New Scotland Yard? Detective Inspector, my parents, Violet and Siger Holmes.”
His brain, his “massive intellect,” had failed him in that moment and his emotions took control. John was gone.  John was in danger.  Not the girl.  Not at first.  Only John.  Why?  Finally, the adrenaline of panic that rushed through his body – a biochemical, “Move your bloody arse!” as it were – kick-started his mind and snapped him back to action.
The panic attack had exhausted John’s body as well as his mind.  He doubted that even another bomb going off across the street would be enough for him to find the strength to move right now, to say nothing of the fact that for the first time since arriving home he didn’t feel like he was freezing to death.
Joanna did look exhausted, however. Wisps of long hair had escaped from the usually tidy French braid she wore most days when working in University College Hospital’s A&E, and she hadn’t bothered to change out of the dark blue surgical scrubs, clothing that laid out for Sherlock the narrative of Joanna’s day.
John jumped up from the chair and stalked around the small enclosure, running his hands through his hair in frustration.  “How can I do that? I love you, Mary.  I do.  I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I lo –“
Sherlock looked at Lestrade over his shoulder and answered. “Now that we have the second data chip, there’s nothing else to be had. You already have my deductions on the how and why of it.”
“Stop it, Sherlock!”  The detective paused at the annoyance in the doctor’s voice.  “I can’t work with you let alone be your flatmate if you’re always trying to analyze everything about me.  If there’s something you want to know, just
want to know,” Sherlock demanded as he tried to gather the files together again.  He sometimes struggled to follow the insanely irregular path that was Joanna’s thought processes, but he was completely at a loss now.  “Why
I’m thankful for the peace and quiet. I don’t have to worry about whether or not they’ll see past the heavy jumpers to the ribs that are starting to show beneath or the fact that I’ve had my hair cut like it was when I was in the Army because it was getting far too grey and thin.
Though she had never shied away from touching him, in the weeks since her birthday Joanna seemed to find an increasing number of reasons to reach out to him.  Initially, Sherlock had been startled and a bit confused by her actions, but was unable and unwilling to complain about them.  Eventually, he even found himself seeking out her touch of his own volition.
“Not for Doc.  Most ‘o that she came in with courtesy of the Army.  She’s bloody good, though.  ‘Specially for her size.  Keep tryin’ to convince her to go traditional and compete. She’d clean up in competition, but keeps sayin’ that’s not why she’s doin’ this,” Reese’s sigh was affected rather than truly dismayed.  “Has this mad genius of a flat mate that she has to keep from gettin’ killed by criminals and psychopaths all the time, apparently.  Wouldn’t know ‘im, would you?”
“A beginning it is, then,” Joanna murmured before grabbing the towel and combs from the coffee table and heading for the bathroom. If she had needed a shower before, it was nothing in comparison to her situation now.
Joanna thought for a moment about their propensity for finding themselves in life-threatening situations, the fact that she had on more than one occasion saved his life, and worried about what would happen if – one day – she wasn’t there to save his arse.   A world without Sherlock Holmes.  Her stomach turned so violently at the idea that Jo thought she might be physically ill.  She forced down the bile from her throat and focused on the resonant sounds that filled her room.
Joanna had one of the most expressive faces Sherlock had ever seen.  Shock. Anger. Amusement. Distain. Affection.  Sherlock knew and recognized them all.  He had also been impressed by her ability to school her expression into an enigmatic mask that rivaled his own which, according to Lestrade, made her hell to play against in poker.  But
Sherlock stood silently in the centre of the sitting room, lost in the haze of his own emotions, as Joanna walked down the stairs, her limp more pronounced than before.  He heard the sound of her boots scuff on the steps outside 221 after she shut and locked the front door behind her, and he listened still more until her footfalls faded into the night
“Look, Moriarty may scare the piss out of me – and if you had a ounce of common sense mixed in with that brilliant intellect of yours, you’d be scared, too – but maybe you’ll live just a
this, Sherlock.  I don’t chase around half of London with you every bloody night just because I need a cheap flatshare, and it’s time you understood that.  I committed myself to The Work – I committed myself to
John opened his mouth apologize, and Mary tightened her hold on his earlobe for a moment before running her fingers through the short hair at his hairline; she was rewarded with a stronger tremor.
That would explain the blood that she had vomited. Contrary to popular myth, ulcers were rarely caused stress.  Exacerbated by it, yes, but the excessive use of anti-inflammatory drugs or – in her case – a bacterial infection was typically the culprit.  The stress of combat medicine in the field followed by nearly dying from a sniper’s bullet had kept her ulcer relatively active for years, but careful monitoring and antacids had kept things calm.  Then she met Sherlock, and what the average person would classify as a high stress-inducing lifestyle destined on eating a hole through her gut was actually the best medicine she could ever have asked for.   Her symptoms faded with time, and Joanna had largely forgotten that she had ever been plagued with the malady.
But would it be hot or cold?  Joanna took a quick glance at the mirror above the fireplace, and smiled at the thoroughly snogged reflection that looked back at her. Her arousal surged at the memory of Sherlock’s mouth on hers, pooling low in her belly.
From the set of his lips and the way in which he crossed his arms, John Watson did not fully believe Sherlock’s earlier assertion that he had no intention of taking the cabbie’s poison pill.  Truthfully, Sherlock wasn’t so certain himself.
The nightmares are back.  I keep my Browning close now, not just when Mycroft drops in. Not that he has since “The Signing.” I’m able to kill
The third time he followed his body’s command to sleep, John noticed Sherlock settle his long frame into the chair he had pushed back under the window.  A dark profile in an even darker room.
Though he personally had little need to celebrate birthdays, Joanna clearly did, and Sherlock genuinely hoped that she was enjoying her celebration.  More to the point, however, Sherlock had found himself a bit surprised at the fact that he wished he were spending it with her.  Not enough to suffer through the crush at the pub or the pedantic conversation of her friends mind you, but maybe it hadn’t been good of him to avoid her all together that day.
Constable Simons opened the door for him, but Sherlock shook him off, instead grabbing hold of the handle of the rear door and folding his tall frame into the backseat beside Joanna.
Suspended Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade strode confidently through the hallways of UCH, nodding the occasional hello to the nurses and orderlies he had met over the course of the last week.   He approached a ward of private rooms and smiled at the sight of the tall, ginger-haired man who stood outside Joanna Watson’s room.
“Just fine, Detective Inspector Lestrade. Sergeant Donovan and I were having a little discussion about boundaries.  She seems to think they aren’t needed whereas I am certain they are.” Joanna gave Donovan’s arm another twitch upward to reinforce her point before letting her go. Donovan slumped into the wall as Jo nodded her farewell to Greg and Sherlock and left the shop without a second glance.
As business at 221B boomed, John took fewer locum shifts at the surgery, instead keeping his medical skills honed with twice monthly rotations at University College’s A&E.  Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock texted Mary about their goings on as often as John did, and though it was a busy time at work for Mary as well, she popped by crime scenes when she could.  On the whole, however, she left the pair to the Work.
when I’m asleep.  Why is it, then, that you didn’t sleep more than you did?  You feel, Sherlock.  I know you do. Probably more deeply than anyone I’ve ever known.  You just struggle with interpreting the emotions.  I’d like to think I’ve helped you with that a bit.  Maybe?
He drove me himself, sat in the waiting room until I was done in session, stood in the lobby while I vomited in the ground floor loo, and then brought me back to Baker Street.   All in all a fabulous outing.
A growl of anger was Greg’s only warning that all hell was about to break loose.  The Detective Inspector groaned and palmed his face in his hand.
Sherlock felt … something rise up in his chest. He wasn’t certain what it was, but he knew that he didn’t want her to leave.  Knew that he needed to fix this somehow. “It was an
Joanna supposed she deserved that, but felt her anger begin to flare, nonetheless.  Her phone pinged again.
When Mary joined them at their third crime scene, she had received her first real glimpse into that world inhabited solely by Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.  Kept behind the blue tape though she was, Mary could clearly see the ease with which they worked together.  She couldn’t hear either man’s questions or responses, but it was likely that those closer to the pair – Lestrade, Anderson, and others of the Met – didn’t either.  John and Sherlock worked instinctively.  Words were superfluous.
Then John and Sherlock – standing together so closely that she couldn’t tell where John’s black leather coat ended and the great Belstaff began – smiled at one another as the taller man finished rattling off his deductions about the scene for the Yarders.
“Oh!  I have something for you.”  Sherlock popped back into the sitting room where Joanna could hear him rustling about in the pockets of his Belstaff.  He then made a quick detour through the kitchen door off the landing to his room where the rustling continued.  When Sherlock returned, he sat down at the end of the table next to Joanna rather than across from her. He set a blue silk pouch next to her plate. “Please, open it,” he said at her hesitant look.
Mycroft’s eyes widened imperceptibly. He knew this question would come up sooner or later, but he had truly hoped that it would be later …
Sherlock turned over John’s left hand and carefully unbuckled the band of his wristwatch, setting it at the base of the lamp.  “It’s not like I walked up to the Black Lotus and said, ‘Here I am!  Please pistol whip me into unconsciousness and kidnap me and my date.’”
Joanna was infinitely frustrating in that she didn’t use her mind to its fullest potential, yet she was a source of illumination for him and for The Work.  She irritated him every time she forced him to eat or sleep but was advantageous to his thinking process when either bogged him down.  It galled him that in less than a year she was able to read him far better than even Mycroft could, but though he didn’t always understand it, Sherlock admired the innate kindness she showed to her patients, to her friends, and even to him. Joanna was cheeky and brazen when it was called for yet always sympathetic to victims and their families.  Irksome when – well sometimes the woman was just plain tedious! She was serious and introspective when warranted; persistent and quietly lethal to those that threatened those she cared about – primarily Sherlock who was still at a loss as to how he of all people had managed to earn Joanna’s faithfulness and devotion so completely and struggled to find a way to express to her that the … sentiment was more than reciprocated.
In the lull between two stunned heartbeats, Joanna decided to forgo addressing the whole ‘Sherlock that’s just a bit creepy’ issue and the ‘Why did you wake me just to ask if you could watch me sleep?’ question. Might as well ask him why he preferred his blue scarf to his green one.  Sometimes the length of the answer just didn’t warrant asking the question.
“That depends entirely upon on the two of you,” Mary said.  Her voice was stronger now, almost affectionate.  “You’re going to have to come to a decision.”
“The hell?”  Greg ran his hand through his greying hair and leaned in closely to Sherlock to whisper harshly in his ear.  “Fine. You want specifics? Try these on. You two work separately. You two arrive at crime scenes, again, separately.  Joanna hardly speaks to you, and when she does, she’s barely able to keep it civil which then causes you to look like a puppy that’s been kicked in the arse one too many times.” Sherlock glanced at the DI, unconcealed exasperation in his eyes at being compared to a puppy, but quickly resumed his examination.  “It’s been going on since I brought you on the case, yet neither of you seem willing to relent. I’ve never known either of you to hold a grudge against the other for more than a day, so I ask again, what is going on with you two?”
Mary, herself, nursed the pint that Jamie had delivered 15 minutes ago.  He had set a plate of nibbles – still untouched – on the narrow table top and pulled the thick curtains of the booth closed behind him, ensuring the trio a certain degree of privacy.  The Drunken Labrador was a just a small, neighbourhood pub, but it wouldn’t be long before the regular, week-night crowd began to shuffle in, desperate for a pint to shake off the workday.
She scooted around Sherlock’s body where he still sat pressed up against the front of the sofa.  She rolled her shoulders and cracked her back, the muscles of each protesting at having been hunched over for hours. Unfolding her legs, Joanna stood to make for the loo, a hot shower was clearly in order, but before she could, Sherlock grasped her wrist without opening his eyes, and pulled her back down to the cushions of the sofa.
Lestrade looked at the photo again and then back at Joanna, eyebrows climbing into his hairline.  “There are
Finally:  As you read this chapter, please remember to follow the dates at the top of each section.  This is NOT a linear tale.
The depth of the relationship between Sherlock and his blogger had not yet evolved into what Sherlock would eventually spend nearly two and a half years working to protect; he had recently felt a growing awareness for Joanna’s happiness, had become more cognizant of her needs, but Sherlock had been neither yet comfortable with nor practised in tying his actions to his, or her, emotions.
“A girl’s gotta have a bit of fun,” Jo replied with that grin that always sent chills down Greg’s spine.  He remembered what Sherlock had once told him. People may think Sherlock was a psychopath, but
Sherlock cocked an ear toward the familiar sound of his flatmate’s footfalls on the stairs to 221B.  There was a slight hitch in her usually steady gait, however. Though Sherlock had largely cured the former soldier’s psychosomatic limp during their first chase through the streets and over rooftops of London, it would occasionally flare during periods of intense self-doubt.  On the whole, Dr Joanna Watson was extremely self-confident.  Her record as a soldier, a doctor, and now as a conduit for Sherlock’s own genius spoke for itself.
Moments later, Sherlock’s brisk stride echoed in the hallway.  “Here.  Take off your shirt and press this to your shoulder,” Sherlock handed John one of the icepacks they kept in the fridge.
Joanna looked at him over her shoulder; eyes reddened with unshed tears.  “No, Sherlock. It was the only positive and loving memory of my childhood.”
“Each of us is a challenge to live with on our own,” Mary continued, slipping on her coat and blue gloves, “so the three of us in a relationship could be either a complete disaster or the most beautiful, fulfilling experience of our lives.”
“Then head to the Yard with Jo, yeah? Simons’ is waiting. I know you hate riding in a panda, but it’ll be faster, and every minute counts on this.”
where I stand on issues of sex … of sexuality, John.  Of those we love and those we just want to shag.  You knew how I felt, and you ignored it … or worse,
She had missed Sherlock’s voice, deep and sonorous, when he demanded tea or her attention for something or other.   She had missed his owlish blink from behind his safety glasses.  The swish of his dressing gown when he tore around the flat trying to put the pieces of a case together, the fastidious way in which he organized his bedroom but never the rest of the flat, his smile – genuine and fond – whenever Joanna said something he found particularly clever, all these were the things she had missed.
it, Sherlock?”  She blinked sleepily, trying to focus on the man who was illuminated only by the light from the hallway.
“To say nothing about what happens whenever she has to chase after you when you go haring off after a suspect. What is she up to now, 37 stitches?”
“I observe and apply,” Sherlock said patiently as he affixed two butterfly plasters to John’s cut and covered the lot with a gauze dressing he taped into place.  Though the answer was obvious, Sherlock was willing to cut John a little slack tonight for he certainly wasn’t himself.  “You’ve been patching me up with some regularity since you moved in.  It stood to reason that sooner or later I might have to do the same for you; I paid attention.  I’m just glad that stitches are not required.”
“Well, that’s sure to help, then,” Jo replied dryly. Sherlock grunted and fluttered his hand at her, dismissive of her sarcasm, and began to read by the light that filtered in from the hallway.
Joanna pulled as gently as she could, frequently reapplying the detangler whenever she came across a particularly challenging knot. Nevertheless, there were some violent tugs that Sherlock – true to his word – didn’t seem to notice. He was deep in his mind palace, sorting and categorizing Lord knew what from their latest case, but precisely two hours later, Sherlock roused himself from his citadel to check on Joanna’s progress.
“Before Sherlock.  After I was invalided out of the Army.  My shoulder.  My leg. The physical pain wasn’t the problem. This, however,” she poked the side of her head, her voice much calmer than before. “All the direction had been yanked from my life, but I should have been able to figure it out myself. Always had before. Ella was a waste, and I hated that I couldn’t pull myself out of that hell.”  She flushed with embarrassment at the memories, but forced herself to continue.  “Lived in an awful bedsit.  Most depressing thing you’d ever seen.  Every night before I went to bed I’d put my revolver in my mouth, and try to think of a new reason not to pull the trigger.”
“From the cabbie or from yourself?”  Sherlock’s eyes snapped to John’s.  The army doctor set his chopsticks on the edge of his plate and leaned back in his chair and stared – unflinchingly – back at the gray eyes that assessed him.  “Potential flatmates should know the
“You’re channelling Sherlock. Stop it. You sound just like him when you’re in a strop.  It’s creepy.”
“You’re pupils seem to be appropriately reactive, but based on the way you’re blinking, I’d say you’re having a hard time focusing,” Sherlock offered.  He applied some antibiotic ointment to a cotton swab and then coated John’s laceration liberally with it.
Mary rose from her chair, skirted the table, and stood behind the two men, leaning in close with her forearms draped over the backs of their chairs, looming over them though, when fully upright, she barely reached Sherlock’s chin.
“Why?”  It made no sense. ‘Trustworthy’ and Sherlock Holmes were words that were simply never uttered in the same sentence.  There were decades worth of evidence to prove that point.
“I was angry with myself and frustrated with the situation that I led you into.  I allowed you to be hurt.  I … I wasn’t prepared for my reaction to your abduction.  It was primal, visceral, and very confusing.  My mind shut down, and I couldn’t think of anything except you, the threats to your life scrawled on the windows, whether or not I could reach you in time.”
I am not a doctor.  I do not even play one on TV.  Like so many people, my "medical degree" is courtesy of many online resources.  I have done my best in the research, and I'm a bit of a stickler for accuracy, but I cannot guarantee that the science is 100 percent sound.  But then ... neither am I.  ;)
By the sixth take, they had it. Lestrade had finally left Sherlock in peace, and he was able to scuttle off out of the flat before Joanna returned home to get ready for ‘her big night out.’
“I’m … sorry.  Speaking without thinking, yeah?  Ignore me.” She showed Greg the evidence bag containing the vial, and explained to the pair where and how she had found it. “There’s nothing else that I can determine from the body until tests come back in.  Unless something else pops up in the blood work, CoD is exsanguination from multiple deep tissue lacerations and evisceration. Mrs Soniere was alive when he cut into her, however.  It was a very … painful death.”
“Right.  So … itinerant medical examiner and sounding board.”  John scratched his temple and pursed his lips.  Sherlock continued to avoid what, to John, was the most serious issue.  “Umm … do you intend to always scuttle off alone after the murderer like you did this evening?  Because I don’t fancy the idea of running all over London trying to save your bloody arse when I have no idea where it is you’ve actually
“Doctor Watson is a piranha, and one whose teeth I do not care to have turned on me.”  He smiled appreciatively at the pictures before gathering them up and handing the files back to Anthea.  “This business is between my brother and the good doctor.  Far be it from me to deprive Sherlock of what is sure to be an illuminating and, dare I say, life-altering experience.”
Mary leaned to her left, her tone very direct and clinical, much like the man she addressed.  “You were a bit hard to deduce at first,
equation – it was obvious from early days that you were both done as far as anyone else was concerned.  You just
Jamie waved her off with a knowing grin and turned his attention to the man with the lighter hair.  “
It was Mr Holmes who extended his hand to Greg first. “A genuine pleasure, Detective Inspector,” the older man said warmly.  “Sherlock has spoken of you.  Well, at least when he says anything regarding The Work. Doesn’t call regularly, you know, but when we do talk, your name is usually in the conversation. He likes to say that you are –“
The doctor loosed the fingers of each hand from their death grip on Sherlock’s blue silk dressing gown.  The fabric was a mass of damp creases from his hold.  John rubbed at his eyes, and his shoulders dropped dejectedly at the moisture he found there.  “I … I should be able to h-handle this,” he said after a moment.
The doctor barely noticed when Sherlock tucked his shoulder under John’s left arm and all but carried him through the kitchen and down the short hall to his bedroom where he sat John down gently on the bed.  “Stay right there,” Sherlock said and then left the room.
Joanna chuckled and gestured to her mobile that sat on the table next to her hand.  “I have about 50 text messages that would say otherwise, Mr Holmes. Besides, I saw the look on your face when I walked into the Corben crime scene, and we both know what it was.”
You breathed strength and courage and audacity back into me, Sherlock.  You gave me a purpose again, and now that ‘s gone …
touch me like that again,” she breathed in Donovan’s ear. “If you do, you’ll find yourself in A&E faster than you can sodding blink, and
“There is one more thing.”  Sherlock’s voice was suddenly rough. He eased away from her touch and reached into his trouser pocket.  What he pulled from it stayed closed in his hand. “You asked me the other night whether there was anything that meant something to me.”
.   London was light and shadow, nobility and deceit, honour and malice, outwardly benign yet furtively malignant.    It was great cesspool into which all kinds of criminals, agents, and drifters were irresistibly drained, and though Sherlock loved every fickle kilometre of it, he wasn’t in tune with London anymore. Nevertheless, Mycroft wanted him to save it – again.  As if that wasn’t what he had spent the last two and a half years doing.  Sherlock had told his brother that he needed to get to know London again, breathe it in – feel every quiver of its beating heart, let it permeate his mind and body until he knew it as intimately as he knew himself.
, is it?”  Sherlock detected elements of Brazilian jujitsu, kickboxing, and even street fighting in Joanna Watson’s moves.
“I’ll see you at the Yard, then, Detective Inspector.” Joanna gave Greg a brief nod and headed for the door.
She shook herself free of the memory and looked up at Sherlock who had fallen strangely silent during her introspection. “S-so why are you here?”
Thank you for the comments, the kudos, and the bookmarks that the first chapter received.  I truly appreciate the feedback.  I'm one of those people who thrives on constructive criticism and happy readers, so please, please, please let me know what you think of this second installment.
, Sherlock thought – before turning his attention to the undershirt.  A few quick tugs released the white cotton from the waistband of John’s trousers, but he quickly realized that getting John’s arms out of this would be more problematic than it had been with the dress shirt.
The child in Sherlock, the part of him that had loved Redbeard to distraction and desperately wanted to share that with Joanna was at war with his other self, the pragmatic scientist for whom sentiment was a danger, a defect, a hole in the armour of stoicism Sherlock had spent nearly twenty years forging.  The very same armour in which Joanna had found a tiny chink that had widened imperceptibly with her huggable jumpers, her dry sense of humour, her unfailing loyalty and bravery, and her uncanny ability completely surprise him.  Sherlock had been left open and vulnerable before he was ever the wiser.
Joanna pressed the button a third time and struggled to focus on the smiling photo of the DI that appeared on the screen before again bringing the mobile to her ear.
not far from here. A change of pace from our usual fare. I thought we would arrange for take-away and enjoy a late lunch at home so that we might …” he swallowed, “… talk.”
“No,” Mycroft said all together too casually. “It’s best that she fill in the particulars, I think.”
“It’s eerie, is what it is.  Effective, but bloody well unsettling.  Oi!  You!  Anderson, leave off.  Let Holmes at the body, and you go collect …” Mary watched with a smile as the DI rushed off to keep the peace at his crime scene.
, you sodding arse!” Joanna ripped the pipe from his hand and all but shoved it back in his face a second later.  “This is the
be Ella.  I promise that we’ll find you someone who knows how to treat your specific needs. Someone who knows what the hell they’re doing.   You have to know, though, that the bleeding ulcer is really a secondary concern. There’s something else going on.  Now the doctors are confident about your recovery, in
Joanna tucked the evidence bag containing the vial into the inside pocket of her jacket as Constable Chadha informed her about the panda car outside the blue tape that would take Jo to the Yard. She nodded her thanks to the young woman, but as Jo was about pass through to the street, she was stopped by a snippy comment from her left.
“I disrupted your sleep.  I imagine that you might find it initially awkward returning to it with me in the room.  I could read aloud if you think it would help.”
“Hmmmm? Sleeping, Sh’lock.” A quick glance at her clock showed half two in the morning; she pulled the fluffy duvet over her head to ignore her flatmate.
after that, Sherlock. I was safe. For the first time in years! Then he died and every – everything went to Hell again!” Joanna spun away, dishevelling her hair even more as she struggled not to tear it out in frustration and grief.   “Dear God, is there anything that
A hand pressed lightly on her shoulder, and Joanna opened her eyes.  She blinked to focus on the tired face above her.
I don’t worry much about new cameras being installed. I rarely leave the flat, so unless your brother’s spooks are going to sneak in during the middle of the night …
There were things for me to sign, today. Formalities that had to be attended to. Papers to file with the courts.
Joanna tugged her head gear off and jogged over to the observation area where Reese immediately took hold of her hands to remove each padded glove.
Joanna curled the leather collar on the table, and refilled each of their glasses with the last of the wine. “Tell me about him,” she said, setting the now empty bottle away from her.
Sherlock’s thumb stilled on her cheek, and his eyes widened slightly from what he deduced in her expression.  In that moment Joanna could read his thoughts clearly as doubt, confusion, guilt, bewilderment, and fondness flashed across his face. His eyes searched hers for a long moment, and when he found whatever it was he was looking for, he smiled.
Greg turned to look down at Mrs Holmes, and found that he was staring into Sherlock’s eyes.  More than once had that cool gaze assessed him, and it was just as unsettling now as it had ever been in the past.  After a moment, Violet smiled, took his hand and pressed it between hers.
“John, you can’t sit there and tell me that the emotional Hell you and Sherlock have put yourselves through since you slept together would have happened if
Mummy blushed prettily and chuckled at the memory. “Oh, I did, didn’t I? Well, he certainly deserved it. As did you, Mycroft Holmes!” She slapped his cheek affectionately and didn’t hide her grin when he winced. “Now.  Visiting hours have only just started, is Joanna receiving yet? It’s far past time for me to meet the woman who is to be the mother of my dear Sherlock’s child.”
“No matter what he thinks, this isn’t about Mycroft Holmes. It’s about you and the baby.  I’ll tell you this much, though.  You didn’t see Mycroft after his parents took him into the hall when things went pear-shaped yesterday.  I’d popped out to get you a cuppa, yeah?  Mummy was all over him.  Takes no prisoners, that woman.  Siger didn’t say much – I don’t think he
Again, this piece has not been through a beta or a Brit-picker.  If you are interested in either of those roles, you know where to find me.  :)
She glanced at the bottle of amber liquid the publican set on the well-worn wood of the bar, clicking her nails against the trio of empty glasses stacked next to it before she turned her gaze back to the two men who sat in the booth in the farthest corner of The Drunken Labrador, each looking for all the world like their best friend had died in spite of the fact that they sat next one other.
“I think that’s the most you’ve ever said to me without making mention of a dead body, an experiment, or your brother.” Her smile was incandescent; Sherlock felt the warmth of it and smiled shyly.
John was about to rise from the bed when achingly melancholic strains reached his ears. Though Sherlock insisted that playing his violin allowed him to think more clearly, John was increasingly convinced that the sounds elicited from that instrument had nothing to do with what was inside the brilliant man’s head but was, instead, a reflection of what was trapped inside his heart.  Based on the soft, sorrowful melody drifting through the flat, any overture that John attempted to make would be met with silence.
I am still looking for someone to beta and/or brit pick this tale.  A beta would be especially helpful as I have so many ideas for the various chapters that I sometimes don't know whether I'm coming or going.  :)
Once Joanna could think about Sherlock Holmes without wanting smother the tosser with that bloody scarf he wore all the damn time, then she could go home.
“Can you accommodate me?” she asked, opening the bottle and pouring a healthy measure of scotch into one of the glasses.
Greg weighed Joanna’s question. “I do.  I can judge people pretty well, and some things you just can’t fake, not even if you
Sherlock watched John climb the stairs to his room, tossed his coat and scarf over the arm of the couch, and picked up his violin.  It was but the work of a few moments for Sherlock to ensure that the strings were appropriately tightened and the bow adequately rosined.  He tucked the violin beneath his chin, and pausing for a moment to select his piece – a modern solo designed to relax the mind and the body and hopefully keep the terrors away – he drew the bow across the strings.
John and Sherlock each bundled up as best they could in their coats to begin the long, cold walk back to their Baker Street flat.  Even with the lateness of the hour and the distance left to travel, neither man had any desire whatsoever to take a taxi home that night. They talked little, but the silences were companionable rather than awkward as though their relationship could be counted in decades instead of only hours.  As they walked, John felt the adrenaline rush caused by the evening’s events drain from his body, leaving him exhausted.  Whereas Sherlock bounded up the stairs with seemingly endless energy, John was barely able to drag his arse up the 17 steps to 221B.
Sherlock poked at the remains of his lunch with his fork then tossed it on his plate.  He jumped to his feet and began pacing the small room.
“Not once,” the man said with a smile. He jerked his chin toward the pair Sherlock had been observing.  “Heard all ‘bout you from Doc, though.  Coat alone told me who you were minute you walked in.  Calvin Reese.”  Reese held out his hand.
Sherlock removed his hand from hers and waited for Joanna to open her fist.  When she did, she found a thin, brown leather collar, well-worn with age and use. It had a silver buckle and a small D-ring to which was attached an identification disk.   On the side of the disk facing upward were written the words “If found please contact” and below that phrase, a phone number.   She flipped the tag over. On it was etched only one word, a name.
have Sherlock or I compromised this investigation?  Do you question our forensic analysis of the bodies?”
Dogs found the cocaine you had hidden away under the coils in the fridge – you bastard!  We’ve talked about that.
She scooted closer to the edge of the bed, ostensibly to read over his shoulder, but in truth because after the terror of the Tramway, she just needed to be close to someone.  She could see the vivid bruises encircling his neck from where he had been strangled by Soo Lin’s brother.  Sherlock, too, had nearly died … again.
For those of you who have left kudos and comments, I adore you all.  Kudos make me happy as a clam because it lets me know that people are still reading, even after a month.  Comments, however, are absolutely divine!  I practically "squee" with glee when I see them.  Please keep them coming.
point that sticks longer with her rather than the other way around.”  She gestured with her bruised arm.  “This is just transport, after all, right?”
Sherlock opened his eyes.  His lips twitched with a smile of unexpected satisfaction as he took in Joanna’s dishevelled and aroused state. Her hair was tousled from his questing fingers; her lips red and slightly swollen from his nips and caresses, and her eyes – when she finally opened them – were dark with desire tinged with bewilderment.
“I’ll do my best, but this is probably going to hurt,” she said to Sherlock who sat on the floor in front of her, facing the rest of the flat.  “Not like I can anesthetize the area.”
John pressed his face into his hands for a moment and rubbed at his eyes.  “No.  No, I won’t insult either of you by denying that,” John admitted.  “So, what happens next?”  He pulled his chair closer to Mary; Sherlock stood behind him, gripping one of the decorative finials of the chair back.
“Jo!” Greg’s voice was distant in her ear like a whisper through a tin tube.  “What is it? What’s wrong!”
! You have no idea what you’ve done, do you? Couldn’t be arsed to ask, either, could you? Would you even care if you had? These smoking pipes –“
John’s groan registered as either one of disgrace or arousal; Mary was guessing the former but would never rule out the latter.
“Then there was the matter of your gait.  Stiff.  Sore.  Almost pained.  I noted it particularly when you climbed into the cab after Greg threw you two off the scene.  Not to be overly vulgar, but it was as if you would have done anything to avoid sitting down.”
Though he now wore two jumpers, three pairs of socks, and a pair of flannels over his trousers, John was shivering.  How much was from the shock and how much from the currents of cold air that spilled through the gaping holes of the flat’s boarded up windows, he wasn’t sure.  The breeze he would deal with, the memories, however …
She reached into the inside pocket of the Belstaff and pulled out the folded piece of paper she had shoved in there when Greg was pushing her wheelchair through the hallways of UCH like he was grand prix driver chasing after his prize.  “But I think
Mary looked at both John and Sherlock for a long moment.  Her smile was fond yet sad; the answer to Sherlock’s question was fixed in her eyes.
“A … a bit yeah,” John stammered, trying to recover his composure. He swayed a touch where he sat.  How much was from the concussion and how much was from –
Mycroft will probably take care of the ASBO if I ask him, but I don’t think anything will take care of this hangover. I’d pour out the rest of the bottle if there was any left.  I think I’ve burned a hole in my stomach lining.  How in the sodding hell does Harry do this every day?!
That’s a lie.  There was one other time. And I treasure that more than you’ll ever know.  Not idealistic. Just truth.
“Fine.”  Joanna was surprised but pleased by Sherlock’s concern.  She’d been injured out on cases before and it had never been an issue unless it inconvenienced him in some way, the git.  She noted the cautious way in which he was expressing his disquiet. It was as though he was protecting himself more than her.  Which was fine. She had always had little patience for over-protective men, and appreciated that Sherlock saw her as an equal. Well, at least where gender issues were concerned. Nevertheless, the fact that he was worried about her was … well, it was good.  “There’s no chair in here.  I’ll scoot over so you can sit.”
Had John been more lucid or had more energy, he probably would have demanded to know what had happened to the man who had asserted that caring for the victims of Moriarty’s crimes would do nothing to save them.  Yet here John was, one of those victims, and he felt very well cared for.  Very well, indeed.
With a pair of tweezers, Joanna pulled out a small amber vial – not much bigger than the tip of her index finger – from behind the remains of the woman’s left kidney.  An identical vial had been found inside each of the previous victims, and within the vial, a data chip containing a digital file in which the killer maligned his victim through the use of biblical and literary texts. Anderson had missed the clues in the first three victims, and his ham-handed approach on the fourth had nearly corrupted the data file, so Sherlock had insisted that he and Joanna be the only ones to search for the digital “Easter eggs” secreted away in the victims.
The first three takes were ruined by Lestrade’s incompetence with the video feature on his mobile.  The fourth by a series of texts from Mycroft over the absurdity of this venture, ending with:
“What are you reading?” Joanna reached to the bottom of her bed and grabbed the soft throw her grandmother had knitted her years ago.   She nudged him to budge up and wrapped it around his shoulders.  It was bloody cold in her room, after all.
! A necessary one for The Work, as you well know.” Sherlock jumped to his feet to defend his point.  Though he towered over her, Joanna stood toe to toe with him, eyes dark with a ferocity he had never seen in her.  It was a warning, but one he failed to heed. “Yes, I found what I needed, and I was able to determine that the corpse –.”
Sherlock’s quick nod was John’s assurance only that the other man had heard him, not that he would comply.
“You’re lucky Jo didn’t break your nose. I’ve never seen anyone move that quickly, let alone someone hooked up to a mass of IV lines.”
Now, over two years later, Sherlock was still convinced he had taken the right course.  Moriarty was dead.  His criminal empire dismantled so thoroughly that it would take years for even the smallest part of it to struggle back to life.  He had kept Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, and Joanna each safe from a sniper’s bullet.  For all those months, Sherlock had not permitted himself to consider the personal cost: the pain, the torture, and the murders to say nothing about leaving Joanna behind.  Letting her believe he had jumped from St. Bart’s in disgrace. Months spent focusing not on how much he missed her but on how each phase, each mission, brought him one step closer to returning to her, to cases, to experiments.
“Nothing was the same after he was put down,” Sherlock explained.  He was staring off into the middle distance; he sounded withdrawn and lonely with memories. “He was my best friend, my
I just realised something, Sherlock. Your violin … you played it to keep my nightmares at bay, didn’t you?
The digital sound of the lift arriving drew Lestrade’s attention down the hall.  An older couple exited the car, and the woman, her long, grey hair swept up in a loose chignon, looked this way then that.  Spying Mycroft, she waved her hand briefly before striding purposefully down the corridor toward them.  Her husband – ‘
Sherlock’s wanderings had taken him to all corners of the city central that night.  First, he had checked in on various members of his homeless network. They’d been keeping an ear to the ground ever since the pool for anything having to do with Moriarty. Sherlock and Mycroft were certain it was only a matter of time before the consulting criminal popped out of his hiding place to wreak more havoc upon London, so any information could prove to be critical to the plans the brothers had in the making.
Greg had seen ultrasound photos a few times in his career – never in his personal life, sadly – and he knew enough to know he had no bloody clue what he was looking at.
“Cold.”  Sherlock sat in his chair in front of the window but didn’t look up from the file in his hand, the very model of an agreement fulfilling flat mate.
Mary arched an eyebrow at his words, and John fell silent again.  She turned her attention directly on the consulting detective.  “You’re not the only one who can channel the power of deductive reasoning, Sherlock.  Though in this case, even a mouse can follow a trail of breadcrumbs.”
“Ultrasound,” Joanna said, turning her attention to a nearby tree where a couple of squirrels were squabbling over a nut.
“You refuse treatment all the time,” John pointed out, clawing at the bannister for balance as they made the turn onto the second flight.  So as not to disturb Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock had forgone the light in the foyer, and with flat above dark as well, the staircase was much blacker than usual.  To top if off, John’s vision was starting to blur a bit, and even with Sherlock’s help, he feared taking a tumble.
“Look, Jo.  I’m just trying to give you a bit of friendly advice.  Same as I did all those months ago.  Sherlock’s trouble, and I think you’re now seeing a bit of that –“
request – observed.  Sherlock’s expression was as inscrutable as always, but she caught something in his eyes that was a bit troublesome.  He was uneasy.  Well, that was new.
John still made it home most nights/mornings and called or texted her on those rare times when he couldn’t.  He and Mary had date nights that not even Sherlock dared interrupt.  More often than not, however, dinnertime found the three of them huddled over Thai, Indian, or Chinese take-away at 221B or the flat in Chelsea reviewing evidence.  Mary’s baleful stare was surprisingly effective at coaxing dumplings,
Sherlock’s intimate encounters with other people were rather limited and had always been more experimental than sentimental. He detested labels, but society would likely classify him as bisexual.  When he could be bothered with physical intimacy, it was the person who attracted him not the genitalia.  Nevertheless, four of the five assignations Sherlock had experienced had been with men. They were familiar and Sherlock was as comfortable with them as he could be with anyone – which was barely – but there was something about Joanna that pushed the hated awkwardness and anxiety to the fringes of his mind and left him as relaxed and content as he had any right being.
She and Lestrade joined one another for pints at his local when they could, and over the months had become good friends. She liked him. He was funny and told brilliant stories, but she also found Greg to be a thoughtful listener and a fabulous sounding board for all things Sherlock or not.
Sherlock glanced quickly at the check that was delivered to their table, pulled 30 quid from his wallet and handed it with a polite smile to Mrs. Tang before John could protest.
“And your birthday …” The pieces were coming together for Sherlock, but something still eluded him.  Damn sentiment.
happen again, and if that meant he had to keep watch over John every night until the maniac was caught …
“With my deductions leading to the apprehension of the criminal?”  The question in Sherlock’s tone wasn’t so much a query as it was a wearied statement of what he considered to be an obvious conclusion.  “To date, yes.”  He poured hot tea into the small china cup that sat next to his plate and took a sip.
The tap—tap—tap of Mycroft’s brolly echoed down the hallway, and not for the first time, Lestrade wondered which Holmes brother was the truly mad one.  It was clear that Mycroft intended to use his parents to somehow leverage Joanna into leaving Baker Street.  ‘Heavy artillery,’ Mycroft had called them.  Lestrade couldn’t help but think it a bit of an understatement.
“I may have a passing acquaintance with the man,” Sherlock said with a genuine chuckle, tucking his hands into the pockets of his coat.  Reese was mildly interesting – if only because Joanna had deemed him worthy – but he was a genial enough person. “You served with Joanna in Afghanistan.”
“Consensual, ethical, responsible …” Sherlock mused.  “I will admit there’s a certain … elegance to the idea of non-monogamy.”
The look she gave him told Greg all he needed to know what Joanna thought about that idea.  It was exactly as he had told Mycroft the day before.
“A bit not good, yeah,” confirmed John.  It was why he had been so desperate to find new accommodations.   The managers of the bedsit had given him three days to vacate his room because of the nightly ‘disturbances.’
John bit back a sigh.  Sherlock wasn’t one to revisit old issues unless they were germane to the present situation, but damned if that meant John always managed to follow his line of thinking.    He turned a bit in Sherlock’s arms to look back at his friend.  “Go on,” he prodded.
“A good sniff of the residue in each of the three pipes is all it took.  I had it blended specifically for you and contracted with the tobacconist that it should never be sold to anyone else.  I do have more than a passing knowledge about tobacco ash, after all.”
Joanna shifted her grip on the violin so that she grasped the only the neck, holding it in her left fist as one would a cricket bat. “Fragile, though, I’d think.” She moved closer to the open window and ran the fingers of her right hand along the casement. She lifted the violin above her head. “One good swing is all it would take, yeah?”
else.  Why not this?” Her voice was resigned and filled with such sadness that Sherlock flinched at the sound even as she passed him the violin, pressing it into his chest.  His long fingers wrapped around it tenderly as though she had handed him a small child.
Mycroft kissed Mummy’s proffered cheek, nodded once at his father, then at Lestrade, and walked down the hallway to join the obstetrician at the nurses’ station.
The detective clenched his hand into a fist where it hovered over the surface of the bloodied water.  Then he sighed and dropped his arm.  His fingers tangled briefly with John’s as the doctor’s hand slid off the silk sleeve and dropped along with Sherlock’s hand.
“Lestrade said you had ‘a thing’. That’s why you weren’t able to come to the pub tonight.”  Joanna clicked the link that appeared on the screen of the phone, turned the mobile toward him, and waited for the video to play on the small screen. Joanna adjusted the volume so Sherlock could hear it over the short distance that separated them.
Greg stops by every few days to check on me. He says it’s because he’s bored – still on suspension – but I know that he and Mrs H are conspiring to keep an eye on me.  Probably reporting to Mycroft, too.  I keep sweeping the flat for bugs.  You’d be proud of me, Sherlock.  I’ve found all the video cameras, but I kept one of the audio devices.  It’s not as though there’s much going on for Mycroft to listen to, only crap telly and Mrs Hudson except when Greg is here; if Lestrade
He had sent her 25 text messages in the first ten hours alone.  Not a record by any means, but certainly telling.  Joanna had turned off her phone before she passed out on the hard cot in the lounge, and didn’t bother to turn it back on until just before her shift started the next morning.  The texts were innocuous enough to the casual observer, but to Joanna’s expert eye, the messages became increasing desperate as the day progressed.
“Dear, God, no!”  Mycroft looked horrified at the mere notion, and Greg couldn’t help but laugh.  The British Government sniffed with annoyance when he realized that Lestrade had merely intended to goad him into such a response. “Do you really think my brother would have wanted his offspring gestating anywhere near me?”
Da.  He competed in the 1896 Olympic Games in Greece.  Probably would have qualified herself if they’d permitted women to do so in her day.”
“That’s going to be a bit o’ work then, isn’t it?” Greg mused.  “Mrs Hudson is far too old to climb all those stairs day after day, but I don’t see Jo letting anyone else stay in the flat, not even me, and she certainly won’t leave Baker Street willingly.”
I used some of your money to send Mrs Hudson on a cruise with her sister.  She’s been so worried about me, and I wanted to let her know how much I’ve appreciated her concern.  Left earlier this week, and she’ll be gone for a month.
“Everything’s fine.  Just wait a mo’, Tim.”  Lestrade ran his hand through his hair in frustration and glared at Donovan.
“Thank you …” Sherlock tugged the collar tips into alignment before turning to his brother, “… blud,” he said sarcastically before swanning off down the hallway.
Lestrade grabbed the radio out of his sergeant’s hand. “Belay that, Simons,” Lestrade said into the device.  He looked over at Sherlock for a moment before continuing, ”but don’t head back with her to the Yard just yet.”
Joanna slumped back against her pillow and closed her eyes.  She knew Greg was right about seeing a therapist.  She hated it, but he was right.  God, she despised this. She didn’t even recognize herself anymore, and it disgusted her. Physically, though …. Jo ran through all of the items that Mycroft had listed, and while her mind was clearer now than it had been in weeks – ta very much, IV hydration – she still couldn’t grasp the threads of her symptoms tightly enough to weave together a diagnosis. Each conclusion she drew was worse than the one that preceded it, but none fully accounted for myriad symptoms that had plagued her since Sherlock’s fall.
Three hours later, she was done. Joanna pressed the edges of the bath towel to Sherlock’s scalp, absorbing the remaining solution before pulling a fine-toothed comb through his dark locks, searching for any tangles she may have missed.  There were none. She folded the towel and stacked the combs and picks she had used on top of the coffee table.
Sherlock had Helton pinned to the ground, secured with the cuffs he had nicked from Lestrade, not five minutes later. Unfortunately, neither man had escaped their tussle completely unharmed.  There was damage.  Helton dislocated his shoulder when Sherlock slammed him up against the drone being tested in the tunnel; no big deal as far as Joanna was concerned, she had a more significant injury to worry about.
He was about to join his parents when the mobile in his breast pocket buzzed a text alert.  Pulling it out, Mycroft read the message, glanced at the foursome deep in conversation in the hospital room, and stepped away from the door.
Reports received from his irregulars and payment exchanged for services rendered, Sherlock had then popped off to The Serpentine and thence to St. James’ Park to evaluate the progress on a few outdoor experiments he had running.  Around midnight, he found himself at Charing Cross, so a trip to 55 Whitehall seemed only reasonable.
He had long since concluded that John was an invaluable part of his life.  Over the last several months, John had more than proven his worth as the “trusted companion” Sherlock had described that night at the Chinese restaurant.
Joanna’s sigh was not one of irritation but of contemplation as she tried to figure out how best to explain her reasons to Sherlock. “I think we agree that Donovan’s a right bitch, yeah?  But
“Then perhaps it’s the manner in which we find and collect evidence? But then that would mean the Yard still wouldn’t know about the messages in a bottle that the killer’s been secreting away, leaving you with even less to go on than you had before we were brought in. Sherlock’s deductions, then? No.  You’ve always brushed those away rather than take them for the genius they are, but I can’t say I expect more than that from you anyway.”
Jo tucked the corner of her pillow back under her neck and settled on her side facing Sherlock, hugging the mountain of blankets to her body.   As he read she found herself drawn in by the expressive nature of his voice.  When he was deducing the actions of a serial killer, expounding upon the results of his latest experiment, or haranguing Anderson about his general incompetence and questionable choice of personal hygiene products, Sherlock’s voice tended toward the dramatic.  This, however, was different.  He read to her in the same way that he spoke to her:  animated and personal without being affected or stagey.  This was the
Sherlock tried to puzzle out her implication, brow wrinkling in confusion.  He watched mutely as Joanna walked to the door, slipped on her coat, hitched her rucksack over her shoulder, and turned toward the stairs.
“The front lines?” Sherlock was surprised. Mycroft had offered his brother Joanna’s service record, but Sherlock had declined, preferring to observe and deduce it for himself.  Of course she had seen combat – she invalided home from a sniper’s bullet, after all – but even Sherlock, who largely eschewed anything having to do with the war unless it directly pertained to a case, knew that the Sangin District in Helmand Province was one of the most dangerous locations in a country full of dangerous locations. Clearly he had missed something.  He hated that.
Joanna didn’t bother asking him if he were sure. He had voiced his opinion. End stop.   “Okay, scoot closer to me.  I’d rather not throw my back out.”  Sherlock complied, settling against the front of the sofa between Joanna’s legs. She adjusted the bath towel she had wrapped around shoulders then angled Sherlock’s head down so that his chin was resting against his chest and set to work.
From the corner of his eye, he could see the fingers of her right hand that curled around the stem of her wine glass. They had been caressing the narrow stalk, but as he spoke, they stilled.  Unable to look at her, Sherlock toyed with his bread, tearing it into small bits that fell to his plate.
Joanna grabbed Sherlock’s hand just as he was about to jump from his chair and escape to his room.  She pressed his wine glass into his hand.
you.  The two of you, together.  Do you really think so poorly of me that you’d believe I’d demand he choose between us?”
Sherlock opened the file and flipped through the report, keen eyes skimming the decidedly vague details within. He was about to close the folder and toss it to Mycroft’s desk when two photos slid from the back of the file – surveillance stills.  Sherlock’s heart stuttered a bit in his chest as he pulled the pictures to the front of the file and looked upon a face he once knew as well as his own.
and let me take care of this.” Sherlock said, gripping her chin in his fingers to keep her from squirming.
“Shame that I popped by the crime scene that next morning and was able to see them,” she continued.  “You were desperate for me not to see your tells, though, weren’t you.   Why?  Why desperate?  You have claimed a hundred times over that it’s not in your nature to be polite; however, not once in all these months have you failed to be anything
If he levelled with himself, the days she had been out of the flat had been the longest of Sherlock’s life. He had attempted to bury his anxiety in experiments and cold cases, but nothing had worked. Certainly not the snide texts from Mycroft. Nothing had filled the emptiness Sherlock felt every time he thought of her.  He began to despair of her return, and Sherlock had
Sherlock watched until John shut the bedroom door behind him before crossing to the sofa where he had tossed his coat upon their return to Baker Street. He tugged the coat over his dressing gown, stoked the fire as promised, and flicked off the lights, plunging the flat into darkness. Reaching into the deep pocket of his Belstaff, Sherlock pulled out John’s Browning L9A1. As he checked the clip and the safety, the glow from the fire danced across the steel of the weapon turning it, too, to red flame. Sherlock eased himself back into his chair and set the weapon on the wide armrest at his right hand.
Joanna’s inner fortitude was reflected in her physical presence and neither could be easily ignored. She was short but not delicate. With her strong shoulders, powerful arms, sturdy legs, and trim form Sherlock had more than once been reminded of a stout grey mare that had lived on a neighbouring property when he was growing up in Sussex.  Even Sherlock – as little as he cared for polite conversation or social conventions – knew better than to make this comparison directly to Joanna, but he had always admired the way that animal had approached every task it was given.  Just barely 14 hands high, not once had Maribelle ever shied away from a heavy load or a long day ploughing in the field – the Parsons had been horrifically archaic when it came farming their land – and the same held true for Joanna.  She had dragged mortally wounded soldiers from the heat of battle, endlessly pursued criminals through the streets of London, and bodily carried an unconscious Sherlock over her shoulder from a burning building paying no never mind to the fact that he had a full eight inches over her in height and nearly three full stone in weight.
wanted to get a word in edgewise with Sherlock, he would have to take the opportunities when they were presented to him. He pointed his chopsticks accusingly at the man across the table from him, but there was no real malice in his gesture.  “With
John rolled his eyes at the unbelievable situation he found himself in.  “I’ve gone from stranger to flatmate to colleague to trusted companion in the span of 36 hours?  You do know how to move quickly, Sherlock, I’ll give you that.”  The problem was, John rather thought he liked it.
Sherlock pulled his attention from the file and opened his mouth to launch into a monologue of test results. Perhaps that would distract her.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in a way that suggested to Lestrade that though he was seriously annoyed at the suggestion, he would, nonetheless, consent.  The DI watched Sherlock tuck the evidence bag containing the vial into the inside pocket of his great coat, and with a curt nod walked out of the shop.
“Jo, please don’t.  Everything will be fine.  The paramedics will be there in … ” he glanced at fingers his councillor held up, “… in four minutes. Just breathe, okay. Jo?  Jo?!”
“Not good when rooming in a bedsit.”  Sherlock took a quick sip of tea to clear his throat, and signaled for the check.  The moment of understanding had passed.
If Moriarty wanted to burn the heart out of him, he’d have to get to it first.  Sherlock had been caught unawares once.  It would
“Breadcrumbs dyed neon green. Impossible to miss.  But John if I thought for one moment that you had deliberately left those clues for me to find as a substitution for you actually
“No new case, and everything is fine. As you have, I’ve given my statement about the events of last evening and completed Lestrade’s tedious paperwork. It was all horribly dull, but –"
“Gods no, Joanna!  Why would you even think that?  I meant the idea of a ‘mini-Sherlock’ speaking from the womb. Seen things like that at the cinema. Unnerving as hell.” Greg thought for a moment, and then continued.  “Odd as it sounds, knowing that you’re having Sherlock’s kid is about the only thing that seems right anymore.”
Lestrade rubbed his hand over his face and pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, clearly frustrated. Sherlock opened his mouth to forestall the rebuke he knew was coming. Of course it was coming.  He had been admonishing himself all week, after all.  Why would Lestrade be any different?
“Dunno.  Tried not to think about it too much.  Just seemed a bit… surreal, I guess.  Those two, having something so ‘common’ as a mum and dad.”
Sherlock’s hand shot out from his side in warning. “It’s invaluable!” He seemed to be considering whether or not he would be able to reach her and stay her hand before it fell. “Don’t.”  Angry blue eyes met cautious grey across the distance. Neither moved. Neither breathed. “Please …”
“You loved him,” Mary had said of Sherlock one night as she and John lingered over dessert at an Italian restaurant that wasn’t Angelo’s.  He had never taken her to Angelo’s, and she was fine with that.  “Were
close to being ‘most people.’” John’s chuckle this time was both adamant and a little lost.  “I don’t know, Sherlock, but after the things he did – not just to me, but to all those others, to you – someone’s going to have to stop him, and that someone’s going to be you.  He’s thrown down the gauntlet, and you’ll pick it up because it’s who
“Sherlock?”  The consulting detective cocked his head toward the sound of the DI’s voice, but he did not pull his gaze from Anderson’s.  “Anything else to do here? Or do you have what you need?”
“We should get back.  They’ll need to change out my fluids, and I’m now expecting visitors in,” she checked the clock on her mobile, “about 30 minutes, give or take.”
“Missed seeing you ‘round this week” Lestrade said. Though Greg had spent nearly every free minute he had visiting Joanna, keeping her entertained and focused on healing, Mycroft had been largely absent.
“Detective Inspector, if you would be so kind as to handle the initial introductions between Dr Watson and my parents?” Mycroft asked. “Mummy, Father, I will join you shortly once I’ve had the opportunity to talk with Dr Lannister about Joanna’s progress."
Joanna’s eyes darted to Greg’s, and he couldn’t help but laugh at the look of shock on her face.  “Even if you take the baby out of the equation – which is a pretty hard thing to take out of this
Hyperemesis Gravidarum is a very serious, and very rare, form of morning sickness.  Those of you living in the UK have heard a lot about it in the last year given that Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge suffered from this condition while pregnant with little George.
strongest attribute,” Sherlock admitted.  He drummed his fingers against the hard wood of the chair’s armrest.  He frequently tapped out concertos and violin solos when he was thinking.  John had explained to her early on how he could get a sense of Sherlock’s thoughts based on the metre of the fingerings.  Mary recognised a compound triple metre of 9/8
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.  “He’s latched onto me because of The Work.  Because I’ve managed to get in his way.  I can’t ask you to –“
It was anyone’s guess as to whether it was Mary’s threats to take a razor blade to the Belstaff before tossing it in the Thames or the fact that said threats were delivered as she chased Sherlock out of the flat and into the street – with only her anger to clothe her – that ultimately cowed the detective.  Bad as it was, however, Sherlock’s suddenly tenuous position in Mary’s good graces nearly took a fatal hit courtesy of the ill-timed patrol of a passing bobby who, given Mary’s state of undress and the utter fury she was directing at Sherlock, was ready to have her sectioned.
Though it was a rare sunny day for mid-September, there was a bit of a chill in the air, so Greg had bought them each something hot to drink from the vendor outside the park.  He’d also bundled Jo up in Sherlock’s coat – one of fallen detective’s many that Joanna had asked for from Baker Street when she was finally lucid enough to want some things from the flat – and tucked a blanket over her lap to keep her warm.
Initially, he was able to pick out Mycroft’s name, a rather prolific string of curse words, the sign for ‘family’ popped up a couple of times, and lastly … oh.  Oh! Yeah, he understood those two fingers just fine.
Sherlock leaned in closer to the table and glanced around the restaurant to ensure that none of the other patrons were close enough to hear what he had to say.  His voice took on that same low, conspiratorial tone that it had had when they were standing together outside the Roland-Kerr Further Education College.  “You did, after all, kill a man tonight to save my life.  I’d say that
“I’m nearly 40 bloody years old, for Christ’s sake! I served in sodding Helmand Province. Pulled men twice my size out of the crossfire.  Was fucking shot for my troubles, and all of that was before I started chasing after blackmailers, kidnappers, and serial killers through the streets of London as Sherlock’s dogsbody!  I can sodding well decide my own life.  I don’t need it micromanaged for me by the bloody British Government!”
Sherlock counted John as a friend, perhaps his only friend, but was such a response typical of friendship?  Sadly, the result of Sherlock’s analysis was unsettlingly inconclusive.  There just wasn’t enough comparative data.
A panicked laugh burst its way from Joanna’s throat, and her hand flew to her mouth in an effort to force it back before she grasped Greg’s  “God, I’m a mess.”
Not ‘what did you do’ or ‘how’d you cock it up, now, Sherlock?’ but ‘what happened.’  Lestrade was remaining neutral.
Sherlock considered the observation.  The truth was that more and more often Sherlock found himself in potentially perilous situations where an extra set of eyes would have been beneficial – the tender line of flesh that was healing along his ribcage from last week’s knife graze was testament to that.
“Friends?  Is that what we are now?” she said with such affected tranquillity that even Sherlock winced.  “You planning to have me over for a pint so we can chat about boys and the latest hot clothes at the shops?  Or maybe we’ll braid each other’s hair while you urge me to go on about the Hell you seem to think living with Sherlock Holmes is like?”
He could not ignore the shock and fear he heard in her voice.  Lestrade ran this thumb against her palm, hoping it might soothe and comfort her. This was clearly something she had not expected.  Hell, it was something
“More than. ..”  Sherlock coughed to clear his throat that was suddenly quite dry. “More than most,” he admitted at last.
Even the bravado of his taunts at General Shan had been just that, boldness and bluster, neither of which he had actually felt.  His only concern had been to get John – and, yes of course, Sarah – out of there, and in his haste to free the woman from her bonds, Sherlock had failed to take note of the assassin in the shadows.
“Everything okay?  New case?” she asked Sherlock.  Her hair was a damp mess, clinging wildly to her chin and neck. Her skin was flushed and her dark blue eyes bright with exertion just as they were last night as they had pelted through the alleyways of Notting Hill, chasing after their serial killer, Jamison O’Hearn.  Sherlock wasn’t sure why he catalogued all the details about her appearance that he did, but they had their own separate room in the wing of his Mind Palace that classified all things Joanna Watson.
My stomach hurts all the time. Nothing stays down anymore. Tea.  Broth sometimes.  If it’s liquid, I can handle it for a little bit before most of it comes back up. I’m thankful for the nutrition drinks and shakes that I have delivered from Tesco.  I take my tea with sugar now.  It’s absolutely vile!  I need the calories, though.
hours, and if I can’t make decent progress, I’ll give you back the clippers and you can do what you will.”
John Watson was speaking, and he would not be ignored.  “And put down that sodding violin.  You’re not going to pluck and sulk.  You’re going to listen to what I have to say, answer any questions I may have, and then we’re going to figure out where we’re going to go from here.”
They chuckled, smiled, and held one another’s gaze for a long while before the companionable moment faded under the expectation of traditional, staid ‘Englishness’.
She grasped his wrist hoping that her squeeze would say all that she wanted to convey:  Thank you for coming after us; for saving me from that bed-sit; for being my friend; for being you.
Above stairs, John had just enough energy to drop his coat to the floor, toe off his shoes, and shrug out of his jumper before collapsing on top of the green-striped duvet that Mrs. Hudson had provided as part of his rent.
John was steadfast and loyal, had a stout heart and a kind soul, so the ferocity with which the good doctor – no in those situations, the good
. Joanna did the same, occasionally smearing a piece of toasted baguette with the terrine.  It was the first decent meal either of them had eaten in days. The food sat comfortably in her stomach, and the flush of the wine slid smoothly through her veins.
Sherlock kept his gaze set firmly on The Drunken Labrador’s coat of arms hanging from the wall opposite, but he swallowed tightly when she moved in front of him and skimmed the edge of his glove, fingers ghosting against the narrow ribbon of flesh that peeked out between the leather and the cuff of his coat.  “Slight bruising around the wrists, nothing lasting – but the work of a day or two to disappear – yet long enough to imprint the memory.”
Remember to hit that "Kudos" button if you haven't already.  And I really can't tell you how much every single comment means to me.  They really do make my day.  Constructive criticism is always appreciated, but love from my readers puts me over the moon!
“You didn’t give him the rest of Doctor Watson’s file,” Anthea said after Sherlock rounded the corner, out of earshot. She indicated the pile of folders on Mycroft’s desk.
he said with a smile.  Sherlock recognized that smile as his fake smile.  The one he used when he was lying or manipulating those around him.  His ‘consulting detective’ smile.  The one he knew Joanna hated.  Oh dear.  This was more than a bit not good.
The smoking pipe sat, inverted, in the centre of the kitchen table, and the light reflecting off the glass of the test tubes and Erlenmeyer flasks flickered across the irregular surface of the dark, polished, delicately carved piece.
As the ice melted on her tongue, and her brain came back online, Joanna ran through a mental roadmap of her body, assessing her condition.  There was a slight pulling at her forehead.  Stitches. At least eight or nine to judge by the size of the bandage adhered to her skin.  Resultant headache indicated at concussion. Good crack to the head, then. Fuzzy.  Painkillers.  Headache could be worse.  Lovely. Similar tugging in her right upper abdominal area.  Also bandaged. Smaller.  Only three to four sutures.  Laparoscopy incision?  Emergency abdominal surgery.  Great. No intravenous lines in her arms or hands but a sharp pinch at her neck.  Oh, bollocks!  Central line. She scrutinized her arms again. Plump veins now, good hydration, but clearly that had not initially been the case.
His mind had not taken him back to the study which housed all Sherlock had learned about financial crimes, however. His mental self instead stood in the conservatory of Joanna’s wing where each plant and flower represented not a unique species of flora, but rather a separate moment or action embodying the myriad ways in which Joanna had brought a degree of peace to Sherlock’s life
“But do you think she’s correct? Donovan, I mean. About me.” Sherlock bent his head and focused on his meal.  “I’m not … an easy person to know.  Living with me must be a nightmare.”
“Tell me about it tomorrow. Long day at A&E, so I’m all in …” Joanna said waving away his words as she hobbled off, dodging still more piles of photos and files on her way to the kitchen.
“Sherlock?”  Joanna had gripped his shoulders in her hands before running a hand to cup his cheek, shaking him gently.  “Sherlock!” she insisted.
be angry.  Why?  Why are you not angry? ”  He looked to his friend for clarification.   “John, women get angry over this sort of … indiscretion, so why isn’t
Greg could tell I didn’t know it was there and managed to convince the PC on scene of that, so those charges weren’t added to my ASBO.  Would I have used it if I had known?
She should have gone back that second night, but pure Watson stubbornness and pride had kept her away.
Mary’s worry about John and Sherlock’s safety was tempered somewhat by the knowledge that each man was more than capable at defending and protecting the other, and if she received the occasional call from Lestrade that a quick stop at A&E was in order, she was there waiting, foot tapping with annoyance at their carelessness, when they were done.
He had kissed her smile through one of his own, grabbed his coat, and was down the stairs.  “Don’t wait up, love,” echoed in the darkened hallway after him.  John came home 27 hours later:  exhausted yet exhilarated and renewed.
“The thing, yessss …” Sherlock hedged. Unwilling to admit that he had no idea what Joanna was talking about.
Comments are always so very welcome.  If you like this tale, or would like to offer constructive criticism, feel free to leave me an early Christmas present.  I promise that I was good this year.  :)
Sadly, he hadn’t reached that point with his current one, yet.  Idly, Joanna wondered if it would have mattered if he had.
Sherlock blinked owlishly as though he hadn’t anticipated this question and needed to suss out his answer before replying. Several long moments passed between them, but she knew he’d answer when he was ready.
“Gregory, I have spent the better part of the last 30 years being the target of my brother’s distain and vitriolic attacks because it provided him with an outlet – a target, as it were – for the more frustrating and confusing aspects of his emotions, leaving Sherlock’s mind free to focus on the critical issues of his life and his work.  Though I was not always successful in my endeavours, I nonetheless became quite a master of the task.”
Each time John woke at Sherlock’s quiet urging, he noticed subtle differences in the room:  The knitted throw that covered him and kept him warm; the paracetamol pressed into his hand followed by cool, refreshing water; an extra pillow beneath his shoulders propping him up just a bit more comfortably.
Next up, "A Scandal in Belgravia!"  I'm thinking there might be a chapter or two I can play with for this episode.  There's just so much Sherlockian goodness.
Again, reviews and kudos are love for this writer.  Many thanks to those of you who have already commented.  You make my day.  You really, really do!
“No,” said John around a mouthful of spare rib – his Gran would be horrified by his lack of table manners, but it had taken Watson all of three conversations with the consulting detective to figure out that if he
your funeral.  Hadn’t been out of bed since then, either, truth told. Somehow the bastard knew that, so now I’m quite the girl about town.
“High regard?!”  Donovan shouted.  “That daft bitch bloody near tore my arm out of its socket!”  She rolled her arm and shoulder about in their respective joints in an attempt to soothe the pain Joanna had inflicted.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at The British Government and only just managed to avoid rolling his eyes. “I will
John didn’t fail to pick up on the fact that Sherlock hadn’t included “friend” into his laundry list of labels.
terror strike, but he kept that to himself.  He had more important issues that he needed addressed.  “And what about Joanna Watson?”
Sherlock watched as he smiled that awful smile again and followed it up with a wink. It was awful.  Even he could see that.  It was fake.  It was insincere. It was insulting. If the video had been for anyone else, Sherlock could have given a toss what they thought, but this was not what he had intended for Joanna.
Sherlock had been euphoric over the fact that he had decoded the cipher.  So much so that he failed to notice the blood on the front stoop, the abandoned place settings on the kitchen table, the –
Sherlock shifted slightly to prop his back against the seat of his chair but otherwise made no indication that he was uncomfortable with the current arrangement.  They were comrades in arms who had suffered together in battle and were now simply content to relax with each other in the knowledge that they had survived Moriarty’s insidious game.   Twenty minutes ticked by before John interrupted the silence
“I’ll be fine.  I’ll take care of it myself.  Just drop me in my chair, and I’ll – ” John’s voice trailed off as Sherlock’s searching fingers found the switch and the room was bathed in light.  “Oh, my God …”
nodded.  “Invalided out, o’course, but he’s alive and living with the wife and a beautiful baby girl buildin’ motorbikes at his Da’s shop in Cardiff.  Oi!  Jenkins,” he shouted out to the man in the centre of the gym who had just hit the mat with a heavy thud, Joanna dancing about on the balls of her feet awaiting the next attack. “I’d just stay down, mate. Doc’ll just keep kickin’ yer arse til ya have to haul it home in yer duffle.”
your underground terror cell, Mycroft.”  He grabbed the black suit jacket that Anthea had brought him. “Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in – feel every quiver of its beating heart.”
The silence in the shop was overwhelming as everyone absorbed the incident.  Crime scene technicians weren’t quite sure where to look, Constable Chadha – who didn’t like the sergeant anyway – was largely successful in hiding her grin, but it finally took Anderson, whose eyebrows looked as if they were ready to take up permanent residence in his hairline, to break the tension.
As per her usual, it was the rhythmic beep of the heart monitor that brought her ‘round.  When healthy, conscious, and the attending physician, Joanna rarely noticed the sound when the machine’s leads were attached to one of her charges in hospital be it brick and mortar or battlefield.  When she was the injured/sick/dying patient, trying to cling to the darkness, however, the annoying ping hovered, tickling her consciousness at a pitch that was more grating than Mycroft on a diet. She didn’t want to leave the darkness. It was comfortable. Familiar.  She wanted to stay where the bees hummed, honey dripped, and a deep voice soothed her dreams.
John sighed.  Toeing off his shoes, he lay down gingerly on the luxurious duvet beneath him. As he sank into the comfortable mattress, his worry about his friend dissipated under the weight of his exhaustion and his injuries.
Sherlock closed the file and dropped it on Mycroft’s desk. “I think I’ll surprise Joanna. She’ll be delighted!”
Lestrade stood next to Sherlock, taking notes as the consulting detective rattled off his deductions at his normal rapid-fire pace.  Joanna took a deep breath and tried not to let her irritation toward her partner show on her face.
John tried to scramble across the floor, desperate to be free, but with each twist and lunge he made, the arms held him tighter, more securely, and would not let him go.
. And if you had just taken the time, thought about what you were doing when you went through my things – after
“Lestrade said that I am better for having you in my life,” Sherlock continued.  He alternated between gesticulating wildly and rubbing at the back of his neck in that way that Joanna knew meant he was putting the pieces of a puzzle together. “And as much as I am loathe to agree with the man on any subject outside of a crime scene, I find that for once I cannot dispute his deduction. You didn’t just move into the flat ten months ago, you moved into my life, into my head, and brought with you a mess of complicated emotions that make me feel like I am running on ice because I can’t begin to understand or categorize them let alone adequately express them.”
“I left the passenger seat for you, you know,” Joanna said as Simons turned the car south onto Kensington Park Road, she continued to stare out the window, the glare of street lamps casting a pale glow on her face as they drove through light and shadow.
, after all. How old she was Sherlock hadn’t known until Lestrade mentioned it. It hadn’t mattered.   Older, yes.  Perhaps a bit wiser given her exposure to Sherlock and his methods; certainly less of an idiot than she had been even ten months ago.
“Let’s just say that I’ve started negotiations about my upcoming travel plans.”  Joanna snuggled down inside the greatcoat and for the first time in weeks, genuinely smiled.
the eye?”  The brilliant blues and reds that had blossomed across the right side of Mycroft’s face after Joanna punched him had mostly faded to sickly greens and yellows since last Greg had seen the elder Holmes brother.
In spite of the look of surprise that lingered on John’s face, Mary now felt no regret about speaking honestly.  It’s not as though she was embarrassing Sherlock; the man loved to have his ego stroked, and she doubted much that it mattered to him whether the one doing the stroking was male or female, but … “That being said, I rather think that’s neither here nor there,” she turned her attention back to the detective, “as you’ve made it clear that you’re not overly enticed by women –“
“What the – Donovan?  Jo? What in the bloody hell is going on?” Lestrade demanded and circled around the register table to confront his sergeant and the doctor.
What she had seen in the bowl of the loo had shocked her even more than the violent, unexpected way in which she had brought up the mess of sick.  She wiped at the dampness at the corner of her mouth and tried to ignore the smudge of red that trailed across the back of her hand in its wake.  The bitter taste of copper lingered on her tongue as she thumbed across the glass screen of her mobile and pressed the third number, waiting for it to connect. That’s the one she wanted, right?  Three … three … three …
She bit the inside of her bottom lip, took a deep breath, and confessed.  “Meeting you kept me from putting a bullet in my brain that night, Sherlock, and becoming your friend, your colleague, your partner has kept me from ever considering it again.”
Mycroft was puzzled by Sherlock’s non sequitur, but Anthea had clearly anticipated the consulting detective’s needs; she appeared in the doorway of the office, Sherlock’s Belstaff held open in her hands.
Sherlock gripped the edge of the washbasin.  How many precious seconds had he wasted staring in shock at the ominous cipher scrawled across the windows?
Sherlock reflects upon not so ancient history; Joanna untangles a complicated situation that leads to a new beginning; Greg serves as the perfect sounding board.
His chest radiated pain like it was on fire, and what breath he drew came in gasps. His hands had gone numb.  He felt weak … trapped.
to?” he asked pointedly.  “Look, you know you need to keep calm.  You’re the one who’s ‘nearly 40 bloody years old, Helmand Province, and dogsbody’ so take care of it and drink yer tea.”
“Go you romantic, git!” she had giggled as John scrambled into his clothes.  “Sherlock Holmes awaits!”
“I felt it was the better part of wisdom to avoid bearding the beast in her den for the time being,” said Mycroft. He tapped his umbrella on the floor for a shade of emphasis.
“Yes, it has,” John conceded as he pushed himself up off of the floor and into Sherlock’s over-sized chair.  Ahh, yes.  Cold leather.  Just bloody perfect.  He pulled the blankets – most of them of the orange shock variety – more closely around his shoulders and tucked his feet under his body.
She was slow to truly anger, but when she had reached her limit, Joanna’s explosion of temper was lengthy and fearsome.   Her stubborn streak rivalled Sherlock’s own, and had once sent Mycroft from the flat muttering under his breath and clenching the handle of his brolly in frustration. Something that Sherlock had never managed to do, not even in his teens.  Sherlock found it to be one of Joanna’s more admirable qualities, so long as it wasn’t directed at him.
“Night terrors, then,” Sherlock amended.  “Though somewhat common in children, a rather atypical form of parasomnia in adults consisting of episodes of intense fear symptomized by screaming, thrashing, inability to waken easily, sleepwalking, and potentially violent behavior.”  Though the words were clinical, Sherlock’s tone was not.  He had suffered from sleep terrors as a child, and though he had outgrown them by the time he turned 12, Sherlock had hazy memories of the fear – not the dreams themselves – but the abject horror that had flooded his mind when he at last came to himself again.   He could only imagine what John suffered both in the dreams and in the events that now caused his dreams.
“Get some rest, John,” Sherlock replied.  His baritone was no longer tense and brittle but deep and soothing.
My thanks again to the transcript work of Ariane DeVere, and I'd like to give a special shout out to AtlinMerrick who let me run with an idea I had waiting in the wings that by pure happenstance appeared in one of her own fics.  Thank you, kindly, milady.
“You’re much, much more than a sidekick, John,” Sherlock said sincerely.  “Don’t demean yourself by ever thinking otherwise.  I … value you, your skills, and our friendship more than I can say.”
Why I am writing anyway?  It’s not like you’ll ever read these words on my blog. No one will.  Private, don’t ya ken?  Have been writing in this private blog for a while now, though. Used it to keep straight all the things in my head that I needed to keep sorted.  Not as good as your mind palace, but it works.  Stored it all on a flash drive and hid it away so you couldn’t find it.  You probably did, though. You always found the things I didn’t want you to find, you posh git.  Thanks for not letting me know that you had, though.  I appreciate that.  Suppose I can do away with the flash drive now and just keep it on my laptop.
now because if I have to get up out of this one to force you into it, I won’t be held responsible for any bones that might be broken in the process.”  John’s voice was quiet but carried with it an intensity that demanded attention.  He didn’t rant.  He didn’t rave. The threat was a promise, and his purpose was clear.
“I thought it wasn’t at all bad for your first go, but some mouthwash might help with the aftertaste.”
, Sherlock?  There is absolutely nothing typical or traditional about either you or John … or me for that matter, though many have argued to the contrary.”
“Forty-six.  There was that incident at Hampstead Heath a fortnight ago,” Sherlock corrected, flapping his hand dismissively at the sarcasm in the DI’s voice. “Be that as it may, I fail to see how my wishing her a ‘Happy Birthday’ in any way offsets the passing of another year.”
“The other night after you were kidnapped by General Shan and her Black Lotus sycophants.  You asked why I was so annoyed and angry with you.  I wasn’t.”
“Greg, please, ma’am.”  It was all Lestrade could do not to bow.  She was small in stature but filled the hallway with a commanding presence that would likely rival that of the Queen. For all that, however, Violet and Siger seemed shockingly normal for having produced such …
John felt Sherlock’s fingers skim the top of his head down to the nape of his neck where the attending physician – there had been no escaping a trip to A&E this time – had stitched up the laceration left behind when Moriarty’s man pistol whipped him and shoved him in the back of a stolen cab not five minutes after John had left Baker Street to visit Sarah.
With a fresh swab, Sherlock turned his attention to the cut beneath her right eye.  “This will probably blacken,” he said more to himself than to her.
Joanna probably would have ignored the texts altogether if not for the last three.   Sherlock never contacted his brother willingly, and to do so about
“Something like that,” Sherlock admitted with an unapologetic shrug.  He dropped his eyes to study his other hand where it lay on the seat between them. He wondered what she would do if he just reached out and – Joanna’s hand was suddenly on his, twining their fingers together.  She rubbed the pad of her thumb against the side of his hand, and Sherlock felt something loosen in his chest that, until that moment, he had not realised had grown so unbearably tight.
Greg did so, tossing their cups in a bin as they passed.  “What are you doing?” he asked when they reached the pavement.
Once the bandage was secure, Sherlock pressed his hand to the crook of John’s neck to indicate that task was complete, then shook out one of the towels and draped it over the small lamp on the table before switching it on.
Sherlock had felt himself blink several times in rapid succession, but said nothing.  It seemed as though he was frozen in place.  He was looking at her but didn’t seem to really see her. The silence continued to drag on for several moments.
When he was done taping the gauze dressing around John’s more seriously injured left wrist, Sherlock quickly yet silently packed away the supplies, tied up the bag in the bin, and was about to take the basin to the bathroom when John boldly reached out to grab Sherlock’s arm before he could escape to the loo.
“Unless you need me here, I’ll head over to the Yard so the IT boffins can pull the data from the chip.  I’ll sort through the allusions to see if anything new pops up that might get us closer to finding this bastard.”
“Well, Harry’s to start, I should think,” he paused in his lap around the floor and sat down on the edge of the coffee table as he reconsidered.  “Though given that she’s started up again with the drink, maybe Lestrade will accommodate you until you can find something more permanent.  His wife’s gone off with that chemist from Suffolk again.  Then again, perhaps you should go out of the country altogether for a while.  I hear Costa Rica is quite lovely.”
Though far from a rousing commendation, given what John had already witnessed regarding Sherlock’s questionable interpersonal skills, this was tantamount to high praise.  “I’ll take that as a compliment,” John said with a wry grin.  He reached for a sweet bean paste bun, bit into it, and washed it down with tea.  “Anything else?”
Mary’s eyes jumped to his, and she tried to suppress the spurt of laughter that escaped her lips at the look of incredulity on John’s face, but she simply couldn’t. “What?  You think you’re the only one who sees the man behind the legend?  I find Sherlock funny, brilliant, far more feeling than he would ever lay claim to –“ she ignored Sherlock’s snort of derision – “He’s gorgeous, I could listen to him speak for hours, and – Yes, all right, I fancy him!  That shouldn’t be too hard a thing for
“Moriarty will still be there tomorrow,” John said, hoping to convince the man to rest.  It had been a hellish night for both of them.
, Sherlock,” John snapped.  “I just never thought I’d ever hear it brought up as a potential solution to a romantic crisis in
for the way things turn out as they do.  He’s become quite the philosopher since your death.  He loved you so much, you know.  Don’t scoff. He did.  He does.  I think you love him, too.  He saved you long before you saved me.  I’m grateful for that. So are you.
While the untrained eye would only notice that the room had been tossed, due to his months as Sherlock’s colleague, John’s eye was no longer
“Felicitations, Doctor Watson! It’s of course unsettling that such a dangerous and intractable form of morning sickness must temper your good news, but as Detective Inspector Lestrade has indicated, you
The late evening scenery of Notting Hill blurred past them, but Sherlock saw none of it, choosing instead to focus his attention on the woman at his side. Dark circles had formed under her eyes seemingly overnight, and her skin was sallow rather than its standard brushed gold. Typically she was able to catch a few minutes sleep here or there during a long running case. She had an uncanny ability – honed during her years in the Army – to fall into a deep sleep within moments of settling down for a nap and waken relatively refreshed 20 to 30 minutes later, or whenever Sherlock was ready to get on the move again.  It wasn’t uncommon, in fact, for her to nap in the back of a cab, head resting against the window, or occasionally on his shoulder, while they rode through the streets of London, moving ever closer to the resolution of the case at hand.
