“Just how smart are we talkin’?” Steve asked, loading his fork up with pasta.
So, Steve hoped he could work his way up in Timely Comics, and that way he would be able to safely provide for Toni and their future family. Toni of course told him that she thought he would make an amazing soldier and he shouldn’t give those dreams up for anybody. Steve smiled at her, seeing the love in her eyes as she supported him and his dreams. He just held her closer in his arms and whispered that she was his dream now, nothing else mattered. Toni kissed him sweetly as those words fell off his lips, but as she pulled away Steve saw a sadness in her eyes.
“Three times!” Toni shouted as she pulled away from Steve’s neck.
“That’s true...” Sue whispered, smiling back at her husband. “Oh, Clint! Good to see you outside of saving the world!”
“With whom?” Bucky asked.
Steve nodded his head at the man and as he turned to Toni, doing everything in his power to keep his anger concealed, because even though every part of his being wanted to pull this ticket selling punk from his desk and give him the old one, two. He couldn't, this night was for him and Toni to relax, this was their night. Ignoring the annoying glare from the ticket salesmen, Steve turned to Toni, waiting for her to pay the man when felt her slipping something in his pants pocket. Steve raised an eyebrow, wondering what his genius was up to.
“Damn it, Toni.” Bucky snarled, standing at his feet. “Just listen to me!”
“You didn’t have to do that, ya know. This is your money.”
“They need to go back to their own time period!” Reed shouted.
“Well,” Steve drew a deep breath, drying his sweaty hands off on the material of his pants. Situating his large body in the tiny chair as he did his best to get the words out of his mouth.
Clint whined, turning toward the brunette.
We meet pre-serum Steve and Bucky!! An get a glimpse into what Toni's life is gonna look like until her team back home can find a way to save her.
As the serum-enhanced couple, Clint, and Bucky were cleaning up dishes from breakfast, JARVIS alerted the room.
Steve pulled Toni away from his chest and handed her his shirt as he had shucked hers across the room.
“Shit, I’d fuck Chris Evans too,” Clint said, livening the room back up with laughter.
“And I’m so glad you did... You look ravishing...” His hungry eyes ran up and down the parts of her body that were not covered by his own.
“Stay right here,” Steve told her, smiling as she looked at him confused.
“He’s told me about you two... He shares a lot about you guys.”
“Steve?” Toni whispered, laying the ticket down on the coffee table as she made her way over to the frozen blond.
“I’m very glad to know you love my penis, because he loves you very much.” Toni stole a kiss-off his lips.
“I missed you...” The blond shrugged his shoulders and winked at his fianceé.
“Never enough to not wanna hold you.”
Bucky jerked back, shocked by his own actions. His blue eyes were wide in shock as he took in Toni’s flushed appearance.
“I have an idea?” Toni spoke through her breathtaking smile.
“God, you’re... You’re so beautiful..” Toni smiled and turned a full circle in her dress, showing Steve her greatest assets.
Steve beamed, placing his hands on his chest in amazement.
“It was the hallway, not the living room,” Steve informed them.
“I’m serious,” he laughed, a carefree, weightless grin on his lips. “I would love to show you my paintings.”
“What are you guys doing!?” Reed asked, ignoring the older couple. “Stark, I just needed a date, not for you to tell them what’s going on in your life right now.”
“Tones. I didn’t mean ‘to kick ya out. I just needed to talk to him - man to man.”
“I am now.”
“GIRL ALERT!” Clint yelled, running across the living room, diving over the couch, tumbling down onto the floor.
Toni let out a sigh of relief and looked around the small living room, taking in its used but homey feeling. Toni smiled at the homemade quilts that rested on the sofa and the couple of pictures that graced the off-white walls. She felt comfortable, and that said a lot given that Loki had just thrown her seventy years back into the past. A brush of cold air settled into the room, sending another shiver down her spine, pulling Toni from her thoughts. Damn, New York winters.
“Who even says that?!” Steve shouted into the room, running his hands through his hair at the fucking audacity of this man.
“Know what?” Toni muttered, taking a sip from their drink. Steve had to force his eyes away from watching the way her lips closed around the straw.
“Mr. Von Doom is in his study,” Milo said, standing in front of what Toni assumed was the study door.
they were alive.
Glancing down at the empty left hand, a small sigh left her lips. Her hand felt naked without the ring. She didn’t like that at all.
“Steve Rogers, if you don’t bring that massive dick of yours over here right now... I’m gonna scream.” Steve couldn’t help the blush that rushed his cheeks and he looked down at his large, throbbing member.
“Together,” Steve promised with a soft smile on his face at the idea of being with Toni, starting a family with Toni, and just being happy - together.
“I love you, I love you so much.”
“That I liked mustard and onion on my hot dog.”
Toni sucked her teeth and gave her blond a soft reassuring smile before whispering their promise one more time.
“Bucky and Toni just got done dancing the Jive,” Steve informed him.
Loving the shock on her face as she realized he was carrying her like she always wanted him too.
Can't wait to share more with y'all!! Angst is on its way!!
waist in his hands. Wanting nothing more than to mark her neck with his bruises and have her perfect, sweaty skin beneath him.
“What do we do?” Sam asked.
Toni boarded the train with one final look to her smaller fiancé. Getting situated in the cabin she was instructed to by Strange and watched as the doors closed, taking her love from view.
_______________
“You’re
Steve jumped to his feet and sailed across the room, leaping over the coffee table and couch trying to snatch the notebook from the archer's hands.
“A buck,” the admissions man said, annoyance clear in his tone.
“I couldn’t agree more.”
“I love you,” He whispered, as Toni brought her hands up from his chest to wipe the tears off his cheeks.
Paper, cardstock, boxes of pens, and paper clips came tumbling down. Steve threw Toni against the other shelf, pushing his solid form against hers, blocking her from any of the falling office supplies.
“You’re crazy! You’re insane, Toni. My work can’t compare to Van Gogh, let alone any of these Impressionists.”
Toni knew he was talented, she’d seen the beginning of his paintings of her. But, never saw a finished piece. Steve was very private with his work and Toni understood, it was one of the things he had left of himself before the serum. So, for Steve to trust Toni with this, well it just meant the world to her.
“I think Steve is in love with you.” The brunette just laughed, watching the smile that grew on the older man’s face. “But you knew that, didn’t you?”
Steve took a deep breath as he opened his bedroom door, revealing Toni sitting on the bed, folding her clean clothes that sat in a messy pile on the foot of the bed.
“What is it that we’re doing?” Steve questioned as he walked into the kitchen. He made his way over to the fridge, grabbing a water bottle and then straight to sit by Toni’s side. “Hello doll baby,” he placed a kiss on Toni's lips and sat down in his chair, his arm resting over the back of Toni’s seat.
“I’d trust the pretty dame, Stevie, she don’t seem like the type ta lie.”
Toni whispered; confusion evident on her face as she looked toward Steve. She shook it off and turned her attention back to the god saying: “Thank you, Thor. I think?”
“Antonia, I may be old, but I’m not dumb. Just promise me, you’ll look after them. Whoever they may be.” Toni nodded her head, still in shock at this man’s words.
“Umm, I don’t actually know,” Steve muttered as he turned to Clint.
The brunet lowered the newspaper and turned up to face Toni. “How do we wanna tell him?” He asked with a sigh and began folding the paper up to set it down on their wooden coffee table.
He definitely could see himself being with Toni. Steve couldn’t see himself ending up with any other person in the world. He wanted Toni and he wanted all of her. From the fights to the sleepless nights. Steve wanted the sensual nights of lovemaking, he wanted nights of carrying his genius out of her lab, after a thirty-hour binge. He wanted those sleepy snuggles, he wanted all of Toni’s snuggles.
“What is it? What’s wrong” Toni asked, as she watched the smile dropping off the bigger man's lips.
“Yep, let’s just say I’m very smart.”
“Where to?” the driver asked, looking back to Steve.
“Does Steve ever give you massages?”
“That’s what you took from what just happened?” Bucky replied, pointing between the two of them.
As she went to respond, Toni turned the next page and was greeted with a drawing of herself. Steve had drawn Toni, sitting in front of their radiator, fixing it. He wasn’t there when she fixed it, so she had no idea how he knew what her ‘working’ face looked like. But, every single detail was right, down to her dressed in Steve’s clothes, and the tools spread out all over the floor.
Just as they parted ways, Bucky caught the sight of a short-haired female, laying passed out against the brick wall of the movie theater.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Remember," He muttered, looking back at his drawing that rested delicately in Toni’s hands. "I went with you the other day, as you were fixing the lamp for the Russmans down the hall.”
“A sheet?” Bucky asked, scratching his head, a small smile appearing on his lips as he said: “Thanks, Tones.”
and then the robot took off to wheel around the middle of the lab doing his happy circles. Toni shook her head with a grin and turned down to look at U and HOMER.
“I love you,” Toni told him. “Now go hug your mama.”
“See you in a few.”
“Stevie, he’s just bein’ an ass. Tell him to shut up, don’t beat the shit ‘outta him.”
“Thank you, Toni.”
“ - I wanted to impart a gift onto you and your super soldiers.”
“I thought you had the night shift?” Steve hollered after the taller man, skipping a couple of steps to catch up to his best friend.
Sam left out a huff of disappointment, laying his forehead back down onto the kitchen table as Clint buried his face in Bucky’s shoulder.
“Oh, you kill me, doll.”
“Babydoll,” Steve let out a pained groan as he cried into the smaller woman's neck. Tears streamed down his cheeks, trailing their way down Toni’s neck as his face was buried tight against her skin. The room was quiet as they all watched the lovers exchange.
“Should I be offended by that?” Steve asked Toni as Bucky pulled her onto his lap. He swore he heard some fans actually sobbing in the audience at the interaction between Bucky and Toni.
“Hmm, I don’t think so, buddy,” she stated, staring into his dark eyes.
“Gosh, I hope not Stevie... Could’a been mugged and the fella knocked her out. Then just left her here..”
An empty wine bottle laid forgotten about on the side table, along with two empty glasses and a half-empty container of chocolate-covered strawberries.
“Ah yes, so you’ve seen it all.”
“I.. I’ll have to go back to California eventually, Steve..” Steve rolled off of Toni's body, shaking his head in disbelief.
“You’re
“Me and Steve, that’s disgusting.”
“So…” Clint whispered. “Does this mean Steve has a daddy kink?”
She sobbed into his white tees, holding onto Steve as he was her only anchor.
Bucky shouted, as Steve stood in shock at the man's words.
“No, Steve! It’s guys' night!”
The smile that grew on Steve’s lips was a smile Toni would never forget. How had she never told Steve about her love for the Impressionist movement before? Steve talked about his art all the time, and Toni just listened. Loving how passionate he was about it, never wanting to interrupt. God, when she got back home she was gonna sit and talk with Steve about her favorite Monet paintings.
“Bring her back.
“What?” Toni squealed as Steve pulled his body off the top of hers, laying down beside the brunette instead. “Steve, are you a virgin?”
Steve jerked around, eyes raging in anger. “You didn’t cause anything you’ve been through.” The soldier fumed.
“Steve?” Toni whispered, as she pulled on Steve’s black army sweatshirt. His last name was printed on the right side of the chest and sprawled in big white block letters on the backside across her shoulders. The sweatshirt was obviously three sizes too big for the brunette, but she looked drop dead gorgeous in it. “You ready?”
“I’ll see you when you’re older, kid.” Steve’s cheeks blushed cherry red as he smiled back at the brunette, saying: “I’ll see you when I’m older.”
“Toni...” Steve moaned as Toni’s lips moved to his neck as her fingers fumbled trying to unbutton his pants.
She welcomed Steve into the room, forgetting she was over seventy years into the past and that her shirt was still a bit unbuttoned.
“She deserved it, everything she got she deserved it!” Steve’s hand wrapped around the older man’s neck, shoving him against the wall.
“No, nerd fights can go on for days.” The announcer muttered as security guys followed the team closely.
And as Steve went down in the plane above the icy Atlantic, he told Peggy:
“Oh, shove off, birdbrain!”
“Right, don’t say shit ‘round Toni. My bad…” Steve groaned as Bucky cussed again without even noticing it. With that, a rush of awkwardness rushed through the room.
“I need a flower, for a lady," he told her, smiling as he glanced back at Toni.
“Sorry, doll. I didn’t mean to drop you,” He whispered against her forehead.
“I love you,” Toni whispered, looking back at Steve as she made it over to the door.
She had caught up on the tape of Howard and Steve as she made her way to the room, and Howard never once asked about Toni. That was Sarah’s second question after she figured out where she was.
“Yes, that is true. Thor likes to steal them the most, but he’s not very stealthy so it’s easy to catch him.”
“Ahh more thirty’s stuff.”
Just as he began to pull the olive green button-up off her shoulders Toni yelled through their kiss.
The two made their way to a small park, taking a seat on the bench as they quietly ate their food and shared their coke.
“A hero,” Toni whispered, a weak smile on her lips as she watched Joseph Rogers' eyes begin to water as he held his crying wife.
The interviewer sat off to the side of the stage, on a stool with a microphone in his hand.
“James?” Sarah whispered. “But you...”
“Yep. Yep, just dandy,” Toni told him, turning her attention to the black notebook that sat in front of her. “Can I?” Her hand resting on the leather-bound cover.
Steve expressed, bringing his hand to scratch the back of his neck.
Steve flipped them onto their sides, so he could look Toni right in the eyes as he said: “Promise me.
“What kind?” The man asked, curtly.
“He’s
Bucky hollered, his eyes still not leaving Toni’s figure.
“I’ll do it,” Clint volunteered, his eyes weary looking at the shocked Captain.
“Steve,” Toni whispered as the bigger man paused halfway across the room, taking in Toni’s appearance as if he was trying to figure out if she was real or not.
Steve smiled up at his best friend and nodded. “Thanks, Buck..”
“Let’s finish this fight, so you can marry me. Sound good?”
“We speak all of them, every single one,” Sam informed the room, a smile wide on his lips. “So, try us, bad guys. We got it
“Last night, we were all in the living room. We were watching
“Tell him to leave me alone Toni!! All I did was throw a paper airplane!”
“What?” Sarah whispered, pulling away from her husband's embrace, her soft blue eyes taking in the ring on Toni’s finger. “That’s my...” Sarah grabbed her left hand, smiling as she felt the same ring on her finger. “You? You’re with my Steven?” Sarah whispered.
“I mean all the blankets we got are on her. With the radiator being broke this is the best we got... Four blankets are ‘lot Stevie, and considering she slept through the night... I'd say yeah.”
“I..”  Toni looked up at Steve, seeing his blue eyes watery with unshed tears. She felt her facial features soften as he continued speaking.
Bucky groaned, gritting his teeth in pain.
” Steve reached his hand out, gently laying it over the center of the blue light. “What’s it called?”
“Bucky, are you okay?”
“Hi,” she whispered, happiness blooming in her chest as she saw the joy on the older man's face.
The man she watched the whole world love, knowing as soon as he got behind closed doors, he beat her and her mother just for kicks and giggles. Just to make himself feel
“Yeah? Oh, yeah we’re decent now.” Steve placed a soft kiss on his genius’s lips and turned to face Bucky.
The green leather notebook had nude drawings of Toni. Steve had started to draw in that one a month after she started living with them, more after she left and
And she absolutely loved this dress. Edwin, Fury, Natasha, Pepper and Clint had all gone with her to pick it out and she knew when she walked out of the dressing room to a teary-eyed Nick Fury and Edwin Jarvis that this was the one.
“Umm, right.. Silly me.” Both Steve and Bucky’s shoulders squared as they sat up straighter in their seats. The men exchanged unsure glances before turning their attention back to Toni.
“Brother, you would gift them one of your blessings?”
“Not on the sofa!” Natasha yelled, walking into the living room with a bowl of popcorn.
“Steve..” She cried, shaking her head ‘no’, and continued saying: “I’ll come back. I promise... I can’t stay away from you, Steve Rogers.”
“A surprise?” Toni asked, eyebrows raising. “I don’t care that much for surprises.”
“Just all the naked talk, keep it in the bedroom!”
“Ya alright there, doll?” Bucky questioned, standing to his feet, concern covering his face.
The two made their way down the hallway, laughing as they heard Clint screaming, doing his best to evade the bigger man. Running around Coulson and Nebula, pulling office chairs in his path.
“I second that.”
So, she took a shower, changing into a clean pair of clothes, and reapplied some ointment Elisa had left her for the gash on her cheek. The only thing running through her mind the whole time was trying to figure out how to tell Steve that she had kissed Bucky.
Steve did indeed start to drool when Toni made her way back up to the rooftop, dressed in her wedding gown.
“Almost, Steve, almost.”
The four made their way out of the lab to a concerned Nick Fury and Reed Richards.
“Okay!" The announcer shouted, snapping Toni and Steve out of their stares. "Captain America, who’s your celebrity crush?”
“Well hello, Avengers.”
“I did because it’s true,” Clint informed them. “Bucky’s not a snack. He’s a whole meal.” The archer had made his way down off the refrigerator and was now stealing a kiss from his boyfriend's lips.
“Of course, Toni, of course.”
Toni sighed, leaning her head on Steve’s broad shoulder as he rested beside her on the leather sofa.
,” She whispered, Steve flinched at the blunt language leaving her mouth.
“What happened?” His blue eyes dancing back up her body to meet her chocolate-brown gaze. “Who did this to you, Toni?” Steve demanded, his voice dropping into a low, concerned tone as he pulled the brunette's waist to his.
“And I would be chosen to participate in this monthly fuck?” Toni asked, her left eyebrow arched in curiosity.
Steve held his sobbing fianceé in his arms as she grieved one of her friends. Toni had spent a lot of time with Daniel, she went to work with him almost everyday. He was the first person she met in the 30’s. He had meant a lot to her, believing in her amazing abilities right off the bat. Everyone knew that was something Toni wasn’t used to seeing with men in her life, besides Edwin and Nick of course.
“Joseph! Stop flirting with Toni!”
“I don’t know, he got reports of green dragons not five minutes ago.”
They heard Clint shout.
Toni had about fifteen dollars saved up from jobs she’s done. Steve and Bucky thought she’d spent it on herself as they asked her to. But, since when did Toni ever listen?
Her words had finally hurt him.
“That I am, Howard.” Steve took a seat across from Maria Stark and began tapping his fingernails on the tabletop.
Steve stood up as Toni took her seat, and then sat back down as she did. Sarah Rogers raised a gentleman and don’t you forget it.
“From what I can gather--.”
“Yep, no celebrities or anything like that. But, if we ever meet an alternate version of ourselves we gave each other full rights to fuck them.”
“Nope, Steven Rogers is a stand-up dude.” Natasha’s eyes grew in surprise, as Toni continued: “I know, I was shocked too. The first time he gave me a massage I was waiting for the wandering hand or for him to start macking on my neck, but it never came. After about an hour after he began massaging my back, he just snuggled up beside me and we went to sleep.”
He beamed at the brunette, saying: “
“Can you stop fucking up for at least ten minutes?”
“My shirt!” Toni shouted, grabbing the old white button-up she wore most of her time spent in the ’30s.
She smiled, pulling away from her fiancé one more time. “One more thing." And began unbuttoning her pants.
“You too, Pa.” Bucky smiled and pointed to Clint. “Stevie ain’t the only one with a partner, that’s my fella, Clint. Clint this is ma and pa.”
“Twelve?” Toni asked looking back at Steve.
“I love you,” Steve’s lips moaned against her skin. Running his hands around her back to unhook the black bra that hid more of Toni from his sight. Steve pulled away, chucking her bra across the room, and smiled down at his dame’s naked chest.
“They picked me up off the side of the street, and took me in,” Toni informed him, a bright smile on her face. Daniel threw his head back laughing, at what he thought was a joke.
“Wha’ else?”
“Plus, we get to answer some fan questions,” Toni informed them. “It’ll be fun, they’ll be mindless questions - like who eats the most? Who sleeps the longest? Stuff like that, nothing like the questions we answer from the stupid media and reporters.”
God, Steve looked just like his dad. The same strong jaw line, the bold blue eyes, the almost perfect nose. Toni never realized how much she looked like his father, or how their features were almost identical.
prefer.” A dark chuckle left her lips as she shook her head in disbelief. “Steve, why are you so afraid to talk to me about yourself?”
“Glad she could do something...” Howard muttered as his gaze danced around the room. Steve took a sharp breath and clenched his fists under the table.
“Whatcha up too, Steven?”
“A bit umm? What the fuck does ‘umm’ mean?”
“I’ll be alright,” Toni reassured the bigger man. “Might have a bruise or two.” Steve’s hands tightened on her butt, pulling her close to his chest.
“I doubt you have to tell her that doll, she is engaged to Steven.”
Toni did wonder why he’d never mentioned it before. How Steve never once had mentioned his passion for a big family. But the more she thought about Steve as a dad, how he would be present -  emotionally and physically. He would be the kindest, most gentle, yet firm father.
bottom drawer!!”
“What makes my heart do cartwheels?” Steve whispered, a soft laugh leaving his lips. “You, you make my heart do cartwheels. When you’re in the lab for way too fucking long. When you’re sleep-deprived and covered in oil and you flash me that sweet innocent smile, I lose my fucking mind, Toni.” Toni couldn’t help the sob that left her lips as she smiled at her fiancé who was finally sharing some of his heart with her for the first time.
“Steve, wait, don’t be angry at just Bucky--.”
“No can do doll, that one stays between me and Tones,” Bucky told him as he flashed a smile and a wink at the smaller brunette.
She picked up the rusted, red metal toolbox and made her way over to the broken, white radiator that sat against the wall.
“I’ll never forget this, Toni.” He told her, taking her free hand into his.
“My lady wants to go to the MOMA.” He told him, glancing one more time at Toni to make sure.
________________________________
“Can you and Bucky go ten minutes without picking on each other?” Steve laughed as the genius remained silent. “That’s what I thought.” He carried his fianceé over to the kitchen table and sat her down in a chair, saying: “Behave.”
“Yes,” Sarah nodded her head, a small smile on her lips. “He gained well over a hundred pounds an grew a whole foot. He was as healthy as a horse.”
“What?” Toni asked, her voice dropping in surprise.
“I want a lot of kids.”
“I gotta find out what he knows, and he won’t talk to anyone else. I’m the best option.”
Steve locked his jaw, throwing Toni a fierce glare that meant, ‘leave it alone.’ Toni stood to her feet, placing her hands on her hips as she made her way over to Steve. He never gave up on her, and Toni wasn’t giving up on him.
“Stevie, go across the hall. See what Elisa has that can fix us up.” Bucky asked as he began carrying Toni down the hallway.
Toni would tell him she knows he could do more than dumb, bond-selling shows for the United States Government, that he was worth more than that.
“I have never known such peace,” Natasha whispered, as she laid in the white leather chair.
“Get out!” Sam yelled, throwing a handful of popcorn on the pair of superheroes on the sofa. “Get out! I’m trying to watch Danny Tanner drop Michelle off at preschool, and I wanna cry with the man in peace!”
When they got to the art part of the museum was when the fun began. Steve pulled Toni around the room commenting on the brush strokes, the types of paint, the focal points, changes in direction, and the meaning behind it all. Pointing out the delicate detail in Van Gogh’s work, and mesmerized by the colors of Manet’s landscapes. But when they got to Monet, Steve froze. Watching this time, Toni’s face as she looked at her most favorite piece of art. He watched the wonder in her brown eyes, as she took in the beauty that was ‘The Water Lily Pond’.
will actually carry me like a bride!”
“The letters. Yes, Antonia, I do.” He smiled, fondly at the genius of his daughter. “At first I thought it was insane, and when I opened the first one and read the small note inside. Reading how it told me to save them because one day they would mean a lot to someone very important to me. So, I did. Also because this Captain Rogers was so madly in love with this girl named Toni, I just had to. Ana adored them as well,” Edwin winked at Toni and continued his story. “But then... Then this little girl was born, her name also Toni. A genius in every way, and as she grew up it dawned on me. The Captain - who wrote all those letters - was talking about you. You had somehow time-traveled back to him, I just knew it.” His hand closed around Toni’s with a reassuring squeeze.
Toni awoke to a knock on the bedroom door, wincing at the bright sunlight that came shining in through the window.
“Was the massage as good as the ones I give you?” Steve muttered, his blue gaze watching Toni’s lips glisten.
“Ice creammmm!” Clint yelled running into the kitchen.
“Ya sure about that?” The ticket man raised an eyebrow at Steve.
“Got it in one.”
Now, Toni knew this look. Steve got this look in his eyes often. When Toni would wear his clothes, a pair of yoga pants, and even her Captain America pajamas. Not long after she saw this look in her Captain's eyes, he would sweep her off her feet, toss her over his shoulder and take her to the bedroom or the nearest flat surface.
She shouted into the phone, pushing her chair away from her desk, papers flying everywhere.
No one ever came close to topping Steve’s sales, he was the best in the office, probably the company. Steve knew the only other person that would be able to beat him in sales would be Toni, and he would gladly lay his crown down for her.
“You’re so dumb,” Toni smiled with a quick kiss to his lips.
“You aren’t, I promise.” She sealed her promise with a kiss. “Now take me to your room and let's spend these last two days together as close as we can get.”
Steve blinked back his tears and wrapped his father in a hug, not even minding the traitorous one that fell down his cheek as he cherished those words his father had spoken over him.
“Me either, Steven.”
“Return him to me in one piece,” Toni commanded Sam and Bucky and placed a kiss on Steve's cheek. “Have fun with your friend's babe, I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
The pair was always together. When Toni was working in her lab, Steve was on his couch - sketching. When they were at SHIELD, well they both taught their classes separately, but after that Steve always met Toni right outside her classroom, and from there they went back to the tower together. And on their off days, they were always lounging around the living room, snuggled up together watching a movie, or FRIENDS.
Toni. Don’t listen to him," Natasha told them, patting the taller man on his back, running her eyes over the drawing one more time. Her green gaze lingering on the thick muscle definition of Toni’s thighs. Steve smiled as he watched the red-heads pupils slightly dilated at the image in front of her. “Steve, good catch.”
“We’re nothing, Steve," Bucky interjected, “I kissed her. I kissed her three times... Two times last night and the one you saw today. I ain’t got a reason why, Stevie, but maybe I was jealous and confused... Maybe I was jealous that a gal like her was so in love with you.. I.. I’m so sorry, Stevie.”
Steve just smiled as his father draped his arm around his shoulder and led them toward the dance floor.
“Me? Stubborn?! Look in a fucking mirror, Barnes!” Toni yelled back, watching Bucky’s blue eyes grow darker as his lip snarled up.
Toni watched as Steve clenched his jaw, his blue eyes growing darker at the words that left the smaller woman's mouth.
“I love you, Mr. Stark.”
“They will, in a couple hours. Make this your wedding gift to the lovely couple.” Sue told her husband.
and it fascinated Steve beyond belief. She was a very smart woman and not to mention beautiful.
__________________
“What? Everybody okay?” Toni asked, Clint, sitting up from her lap.
“Why?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“She’s not in any of the multiverses, she’s in
“What’s going on? I’m not supposed to see you!” Toni looked to Steve, then back to her godfather. “Is someone hurt? Is there a mission?”
Steve carried Toni down the hall, into one of their spare bedrooms.
Toni had started at Fury Inc about two years ago, her father owning Stark Industries - the biggest office/paper/everything supplier in the United States - she took a job with Fury Inc instead.
“Oh! I speak German, Russian, and Latin too!” Steve said, proudly.
“Meh, everyone needs guy time -
The group sat two by two on their own couches. Steve sat beside Toni, on their red couch in the center of the stage. Sam and Clint to their right and Bucky and Thor to their left on their navy-blue couches.
“The ring on your finger...” Bucky asked softly and then turned to look at Steve’s sleeping figure.
delicate features, the way her eyelashes rested softly against her cheeks. The way her hands were gripping the lapels of his jacket, holding on to her husband. The way her blood red lips were softly parted as she regained her breath.
“Steve...” Toni groaned as she opened her eyes, frantically looking around the room she was in. With a couple of flutters of her eyelashes, she soon recognized it as their penthouse bedroom, laying on her and Steve's navy blue comforter and blood-red sheets.
The masseuse’s made their way back into the room, and the heroes spent the next two hours relaxing on the heated sheets, as strong, handsome men worked knots out of their tense muscles.
“I dunno, we live together, I see them every day,” Steve muttered. “Plus, Bucky and I had breakfast together this morning, and Clint and I were in the gym most of the day yesterday. I’m with them all the time.”
He nodded his head, a sigh falling from his lips as he whispered: “Thank you... For all of this..” His gaze flickering down to her lips.
“So, what is it ol’ Stevie here does for the team?” Bucky asked, throwing his arm over the smaller man's shoulders.
Steve placed a sharp smack to Toni’s ass and laughed.
“After breakfast, you and I need to talk..” Toni whispered into his cotton tee, feeling his fingers tap the back of her hand that rested on his abs. He whispered back:
Comments and Kudos always appreciated!!!
Steve rolled his eyes at his best friend's dramatic antics as she turned her smaller body away from his. Her eyes now resting on Thor and Bucky forms.
Now this, this was a kiss. Kissing Steve Rogers was like taking an addictive substance. The way his lips took charge, almost instantly dominating her own. Guiding her lips in his own soft, safe, and sensual fashion. It was like a calming rain that washed over her anytime she was in his embrace, his kiss was like coming home.
“Why only you and Steve?” Clint asked, shooting Steve a toothy grin as he blatantly ignored The Captain’s request.
She also saw Fury, Bucky, and Clint in the doorway, trying to hide their smiles.
Acting on instinct Toni made her way to Steve, cupping her hands around the smaller man's face.
“Whatever you’re comfortable with, Stevie.”
“Is it gonna harm Toni?”
“Holy fuck..” Toni whispered softly. “Dress and dancing, stay focused Stark.”
“I won’t be home till mornin’, so ya can take my bedroom tonight. It’ll be much better than that lumpy couch ya slept on last night.”
“Works for me.”
“It’s okay, you’ll be alright. You can stay here until you get in touch with some family,” Steve said, walking closer to the panicking brunette. “We got ya, doll. I promise it’ll be alright.”
“Nope,” Steve told them, with a shake of his head. “Toni and I are best friends and co-leaders of The Avengers.”
“No, Steve. I wanna hold you.”
“Okay! I’ll be right back!” And with that, the smaller man took off running for his bedroom. Toni eyed the green sketchbook, every part of her wanting to get her hands on it and see what he’d been drawing. Especially because of how quickly he closed it when she made her way over to the table.
“Well... that might have to wait...” An unsure, familiar voice said behind them.
“Crazy about you, doll.” He opened the front door, gesturing for Toni to walk ahead of him.
“Yes, thank you.”
“That's it?” Toni asked, cracking one eye open as she watched the green haze disappear around them.
“It’s the greatest gift I've ever gotten.” Toni took another long glance at the beautiful painting, then turned her attention back to Steve, seeing a wide smile on his lips. “Steve, this... You do know people are gonna see this?”
“You know it, doll," he responded, his eyes flickering through his paper.
“Why, Mrs. Rogers!” Pepper smiled at the older woman.
“He looks a lot like Steve,” Clint pointed out, throwing the crowd a wink. “Just with a beard.”
“Hi, baby doll,” he whispered as their lips met, in what felt like it was for the first time in a month but was probably only twelve hours.
“Then never. She stays with me.”
“I know, I’m sorry. I --”
“Not happening, Tones, I like looking at your ass too much.”
“Well,” Toni smirked. “I’m glad you enjoyed the show.”
“Woah,” Bucky said. “Like fix the radio genius smart?” Toni chuckled and turned to her fellow brunette.
“They did,” Toni whispered and looked toward the camera in the far corner. “JARVIS lock the doors, override code Alpha-Omega-Stoni 3490.”
Toni bit back a sob, as she looked at her fiancé and the soft smile that rested on lips.
“You have to buy me a new apron!” She heard him yell at her retreating figure.
I see you’ve decimated a national icon.”
As the front door closed, Bucky clicked the lock across it; and they both turned to the short-haired brunette. Looking for an explanation for everything that had just unfolded.
“That is until we beat you guys,” Sam replied.
A bit of angst and a tiny cliff hanger.
“Toni?” She heard Bucky, as he stood up from the table, almost recognizing that look on her face.
“Not debatable, Tones. You work way too much.”
“He did.” Daniel nodded. “This dame right here is one of the smartest people I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting. And I do believe if I gave her a couple of textbooks in my line of work, I’d be out of a job. Mr. Von Doom, she’s a genius, and I expect you to treat her as such.” Daniel’s chest puffed out, and he stuck his finger in the air, making his final point. “Woman or not. She is incredible and you will treat her with respect. Do you understand?”
“Of course, doll,” Steve whispered, his hand running through her short pixie cut he loved so much. He couldn’t hold back his grin as those beautiful brown eyes fluttered closed, and she leaned in closer to his touch.
Steve and Bucky both threw concerned looks in her direction and she gave them a soft reassuring smile as she followed Daniel out the door.
“This is beautiful...” Toni looked up at the blond man, seeing slight panic in his eyes.
“Toni!” She heard Bucky and Steve yell, but she didn’t have time to wait around to be saved.
“Of course, Toni. You’re a swell gal, you’ve taught me so much already. I never knew I liked learning about mechanics and such until you showed up.”
An announcer called The Avengers out one by one, the room erupted in screams of praise as each team member took their seat on the couches.
“Toni, I’d have taken you to every dance we had in Brooklyn. We’da won every competition they had. With your legs and my good looks, first place easily.”
“Nuh-uh.”
The next morning Toni and Steve were in the kitchen making breakfast for the team - everyone was overjoyed that the whole team was back together again after a month apart.
“Together.”
“Yes, massages, pedicures, manicures, and facials. A nice relaxing day.”
“So, there’s no answer to this question?” The host asked.
“I know!” Toni turned her attention to the blond super-soldier, a smile wide on her lips. “Stevie, I gotta borrow the shield.”
“Steve, if I don’t make my way back in the next couple of weeks, he’ll send people for me. I can’t tell you how many times he’s told me this world isn't the place for a single woman.” A part of Toni was speaking the truth, knowing she’d lost count of how many times Howard told her that she wasn’t worth anything as a woman. That she was weak and a pathetic excuse of the Stark name. Toni washed her mind of her toxic father's words and watched as Steve shook his head in disbelief.
Toni couldn’t do it; she couldn’t not tell them that Steve was okay. They didn’t need to live the rest of their lives thinking he was dead. No parent deserved that.
“Haha,” Clint smirked.
..” Bucky flung the bedroom door open, eyes growing wide as he took in the appearance of his two friends. Who jolted apart - shocked by his entrance. “
“Yes, you keep me very happy, Mr. Rogers.”
“Yeah huh.”
“Why, Captain, I sent her back to... Oh, 1930 something. Your lovely fianceé should be crossing paths with you and Sergeant Barnes any minute now.”
“I’m good,” she whispered.
!” They heard from the front door. Steve immediately covered Toni’s bare chest with his own and pulled her face into his neck.
Toni felt her hand drop into Steve’s and Clint remove his hands from her eyes.
“Well,” Steve told the team. “Load up, let’s get back to the --”
“I’ll change into that for our dance…” Toni popped the face mask open and kissed her soldier. “I wanna marry you, how I met you.”
Steve was a very handsome man, tall, stocky, defined muscles as working out was one of his biggest hobbies, besides painting and drawing of course. He wore thick, round, black glasses that popped on his pale, Irish skin and with his bleach, natural blond hair. He was a very handsome man, just very shy. He kept to himself and would talk with some people in the office, small talk at the water cooler, or at the table in the break room.
Steve hissed to his taller friend.
“You and the guys,” Natasha chuckled.
“Sit.” He told her.
“Miss Grant, let me try this again. It is a pleasure to meet you.” Toni reached her palm out to shake. Only he gently grasped it, bringing it to his mustache-covered lip, to place a soft kiss on the back of her hand.
“What is it?” Toni asked, more interested in what he was about to say, than what the man's lips were doing.
“That looked like fun.”
“You are practically naked...” He whispered, a smirk growing on his own lips as his hands ran lower, landing on Toni’s plump behind.
“Well, Mr. Rogers. You are the Captain of the Avengers. You lead us, and I’m your right-hand man.”  And with that Steve’s jaw dropped, and everyone in the room fell silent.
Just as they got to talking about Steve’s new project for Timely Comics. A tall, blond man with stormy brown eyes approached the table. Toni saw Bucky’s shoulders immediately tense and Steve’s eyes grew cold.
Toni took in his appearance, his hair was black as night, while his eyes shone a bright green, and not a natural green either. A vibrant green, almost like the kind of eyes you would see on a robot. His bone structure was immaculate, but at the same time, it was almost like he had no fat on his face. The only thing thick on this man was his bushy eyebrows and a thick mustache.
Toni threw her arms around the older man's neck and cried. She cried because she was finally home, she cried because she didn’t realize just how much she’d missed the man she called her father. Toni cried even as she felt the central air conditioning on her skin. Although she sure did miss that smell of Bucky and Steve’s apartment.
This dress was everything she ever wanted, and she knew Steve was going to love it.
“Nope, just lost an arm and a couple brain cells.” Bucky patted his metal arm.
“Thank you, Mr. Rogers,” and with that she took her seat, flashing the small blond a sweet smile.
brush strokes, the paint
Once Toni had figured out her problem with the connection of the leg it was smooth sailing from there. Though there were days when Toni’s thigh was too sore to wear the prosthetic, she normally spent those cuddled up in bed. The first time that happened, Steve freaked out running to Bucky for advice. Only to have Bucky and Clint sit him down and talk to him about depression after a major life change like this. Bucky then called Sam into the room, to give more of a professional take on it.
“Bucky,” Steve hissed at the taller man. Toni lifted her face from her hands and turned to face those crystal blue eyes that always brought her comfort. That same deep soothing voice never failed to settle her nerves.
“Alright,” Reed muttered. “Let’s go.” The grumbling scientist followed the superheroes down the SHIELD hallway.
“Kiss me.” Dazed, she nodded her head, sealing their lips together as Steve started unbuttoning her shirt.
“Me? Ma’am, no disrespect, but ya must have me confused with another fella…”
“Shut up! Their night sounds better!” Steve whisper-yelled back to him.
“Yeah, sounds good.” The two men made a quick exit, and left Toni alone in Steve’s bedroom.
The serum-enhanced couple spent the next couple of days wrapped in the other. Steve slowly began to open up to Toni, starting to share the small things about himself, and Toni loved every second of it. The two were connecting on a level neither even knew existed. It confirmed everything Toni thought that evening on the balcony of Steve and Bucky’s old apartment. They were made for each other in this time period. They were made to help stitch back the other’s broken pieces and fill the ones that were shattered. They were made for each other.
once more and grinned as he dropped his lips to her ear, breathing heavily against her earlobe as he whispered.
“Together,” Toni told him, making her way over to the taller man. “Not you taking the blame.”
Toni shook her head and smiled the most beautiful smile Steve had ever seen. “I get to decide who ‘wows’ me, Steve Rogers... And the answer to that, my dear, is always gonna be you.”
As soon as she was within arms reach of her fiancé, those muscular arms snatched off her feet and threw her onto their bed. Her body was almost instantly covered by a very naked, very aroused Steve Rogers.
“I’m... Okay... Happens when I -- When I get excited.” Toni nodded her head and stood up from the table, making her way over to the sink to get him a glass of water. Bringing it back to the table she placed it in front of his right hand and smiled.
“Toni? Babe, are you done --” His words dropped off mid-sentence as his eyes raked down her body in a-line dress and apron. “Oh
With that Bucky left the bedroom, slamming the door behind him. A huff left Toni’s lips as she stood to her feet. She didn’t know how to make this better. She didn’t know how to tell Steve, or even talk to Bucky about it. She and Bucky had never had any conflict before, ya know besides her parents' death. Toni had no idea what she was gonna do.
“We are,” he told her, taking his shirt off, moving to tug Toni’s off as well.
“Steve, when’s the last time you hung out with the guys?” Toni asked, turning her attention back to face her future husband.
“I will kill you,” Steve growled, as he looked at the smaller god.
“Toni...” The blond smiled down into those beautiful brown eyes. “I was wondering.. Maybe...”
“Alright, fellas. Who wants to spin me around the dance floor?” They both turned their attention to Toni as she made her way down the hallway.
“Oh, come on. Tell us!"
“I know,” He mumbled, his left thumb running up and down the front of her hip. She found Steve doing that a lot, almost as a comforting reflex for the bigger man.
“Clint,” Steve thundered. “Let her go, you poked the bear now you have to deal with his wrath.”
” Steve groaned, stumbling his way over to Toni, dropping his nerf gun to the floor.
Steve Rogers had been working for Fury Incorporated for about five years. Steve liked his job; did he love it? Well... does anyone? It had its up and downs.
Within ten minutes, the radiator was back on and began to heat the icy apartment. The brunette smiled down at the white radiator and gave it a pat.
“I will get Steve Rogers,” Clint told the younger blond.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered.
The group made their way down the hallway to Reed’s lab, and just as they got to the doors, they saw Sue and Johnny standing there with a Stark pad in their hands.
“That’s a fair point.”
“Funny meeting you here.”
“How about we file the last things on our desk and then dip. That way Fury can’t say anything.” Toni suggested, dropping the black-handled scissors into one of her desk drawers.
“What?” Howard scoffed, looking the soldier up and down. “Did my own daughter turn you against me?"
“The one girl... The one girl that’s ever liked me like this..” Steve whispered, taking a seat on the couch. “And you kiss her? You try to take her from me before I can even have her?”
“No, no. Steve... This is... This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Yes ma’am, I have.” Toni laughed as the older couple shared a smile.
“What is going on here?” Bucky muttered, rifle in hand as they scanned the park.
“Stevie told me to bring this to you this morning since he couldn’t be here when you woke up.”
“I’ll still kill them.” He told her, making his way to their bedroom. Steve flopped Toni down on the bed, laughter leaving her lips and she smiled at her crazy possessive soldier.
“No one is dating anyone within the team,” Steve informed his best friend.
Steve turned away from Bucky, making his way to the door at the end of the long hallway. He took a deep breath as he grabbed the handle, plastering a fake smile on his face.
“Is it true your mom sends cookies to Avenger’s tower? And you all fight over them?”
“I’m sorry...” Clint said, turning his gaze to the table.
Toni watched as Sarah and Joe smiled at the picture, tears in their eyes before she turned around, burying her face into her husband's chest. Toni listened as she sobbed, clinging to the older man's shirt as she found out her son wasn’t dead. He hadn’t died. But also, that he was happy. So happy.
“I love you more, Mr. Rogers.” Toni whispered, a smile growing on her lips as she glanced up at the bigger man, she now called her
“Toni, we need help.”
“Can the world just stay saved for five minutes!” Clint shouted.
“What’s in it that’s so important?” Bruce muttered as he flipped through a brown sketchbook.
desk.”
“We’ll have to see, now won’t we?”
“You’re not awful, Buck..” He said with a shake of his head. “You were jealous of me, you were jealous of me. That’s something new for both of us.”
Before the genius could finish her word, Steve had used his much bigger mass and flipped the genius back onto her back. Her tan skin lay against the blood-red sheets, as Steve sealed their lips together in a kiss.
She heard Steve say. “Toni?
.” His voice broke. “Can we get in the bed, can I just hold you?
Steve found his and Toni’s friendship crossing lines he didn’t even know existed. He found himself always drifting over to stand beside the genius if they were in the same room. Steve noticed his eyes always looked for the tiny brunette when he entered a room. How when someone told a joke he always looked at Toni just so he could watch that beautiful laugh falls off her lips.
“Steve, down there.” Fury pointed. “Bucky and I will be right here; we can get into that room in less than three seconds. So, please, if you do, kill him quickly. I can alter the footage.” Fury disappeared into the second room, leaving Steve and Bucky alone in the hallway.
“Fancy place,” Toni muttered, as she took in the large white columns.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated!!!
She looked at her family sitting at the table, frozen as they watched Toni. Concern was written all over their faces. She saw Bucky standing behind Steve, a sad smile on his lips.
With that Steve stole her lips in another kiss.
“How… How did ya do that?” Bucky whispered, his eyes wide with wonder.
“I’m in,” Bruce said, plopping down in an empty seat at the table beside Sam, joining in on the guy’s discussion.
Steve dropped the phone onto the receiver, immediately standing to his feet. The bigger man leaped across the desk and swept the gorgeous brunette in his arms.
“Nope. Toni, he’s always with you.” Clint interjected. “Hard to catch a moment when he’s not with his future bride.”
“I’ll be alright for now, as long as I stop walking in on these love fests…” Sam took a long sip of his soda and turned to Steve in curiosity. “But anyway, what’s happening here? Besides Steve and Toni being disgustingly in love?”
“I will, I promise.” The short blond nodded, as he swallowed around a knot in his throat. The rims of his eyes doing their damndest to hold back his tears.
Pepper and Natasha paid for all the decorations, while Bucky and Clint covered the food. Toni and Steve reassured them they had it covered, with Steve’s seventy years of back pay and Toni’s billions. But they wanted to treat their best friends to their most important day.
Steve yelled, moving to jump in front of his genius - to try and take the spell for her. But, just before he did, the green smoke engulfed Toni, and the next thing he knew, she was
Steve led Toni through the first couple of rooms of the museum. Looking at the drawings of architecture that was inspired by England. Following the curvature of the walls moving out of the architecture section, into the Cinema section. Looking in awe at the pictures that covered the walls of movie sets in California. Pictures of cameras, lights, and actors on the stage, along with scripts and sketches of popular movies. It was all so much for Steve to take in, and Toni enjoyed every second of the wonder in his beautiful blue eyes.
Kids can’t drink Natash-a.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Toni said, engaging the thrusters of her suit to fly ahead of the quinjet.
Just as she opened the bathroom door, Steve was getting situated under the sheets, not having looked up at his dressed-up fianceé.
“Well, you’re stayin’ here forever then, doll. Brooklyn, is your new home now - California who?” Steve watched as a blush rose to the genius’s cheeks.
“I don’t remember..” The smaller man said moving closer to her. “Toni, you are... You’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen..”
“He comes from good stock, that boy. Anywho, I was stopping by to--.” Daniel scanned the living room and then turned his attention back to Toni. “Well, it sure is warm in here. I didn’t know the boys got that radiator worked on. They’d been tellin’ me how they’d been saving to get it fixed up.”
“Latveria. Somewhere in Europe, I think.”
“Stop it with all the love! I can’t take it.” They heard Sam as he entered the kitchen, opening the refrigerator door, and grabbing a can of soda.
“Toni, I talk about my feelings and myself all the time. You’re just being dramatic.”
“Can I ask a question?”
“Same old same old, movin’ metal beams, cuttin’ metal beams.” Bucky shrugged his shoulders and picked up his newspaper.
Steve and Toni had been eating their Chinese take-out in the break room, Steve had his regular Kung Pao chicken while Toni was her simple order of chicken and broccoli.
“My pleasure, Captain,” Loki whispered, sending a green haze over the couple.
Tony brings it closer to his nostrils and inhales. “Huh,” he says, blood thumping in his ears. “That’s – what, some kind of perfume…”
Richards scuttles his way along the wall. “Then why are you here?” He asks.
“You’re not supposed to take it literally, Steve.”
Tony shivers. “I’m ticklish,” he says,
Steve coughs. “We need him,” he says “you can’t kill him. We need him, he knows where to find Tony.”
“It’s just I think – last month. You’re still bruised.”
Tony regards him, eyes half-shut. “Hmm?” He says, rolling his head upright from where it had been heavy against his shoulder. “Oh, Cap. I must’ve… uh, must’ve just passed out.”
Steve’s face is hard. “Do you know – “ he lowers his voice, “how many people
Tony’s hand is white around his glass. “He told you? Or you were there?”
“What?”
"Very good, Sir."
He looks at him. Frowns. “Stupid bitch,” he mutters, rolling his eyes, and gripping Tony by the throat.
"100%, Sir."
Tony doesn’t waste breath telling Steve to lay off, that he’s used to it, there’s no point; that would be stupid in the extreme. Instead, he says, “I would just do it, if I were you. You’ll be sparing yourself a lot of trouble.”
“What’s the difference between this one and the others?”
After, when the thanks have been said and Ty is preening, charming the brass, he’s taking Tony’s wrist. He jerks his chin. “What’s that?” He asks. “Make a lover mad?”
"I know." Tony trembles. "I know that."
And along with that…”
“If you were here, you’d be able to see yourself.”
“Rhodey wants a break, Steve. He’s wrecked. Think about everything he’s lost in the past two years.”
“I need to see the graves,” is all Tony can say. “I need to be there.”
“Say what?”
But you wouldn't talk. You didn't speak a word until you were four, pushing five. By that point we were desperate. Howard was convinced you were a mute. I blamed myself. I was sure I had read something somewhere which said children who weren't loved enough had all sorts of developmental delays. Not a single 'mama' or 'daddy'. And when you did speak, there was the stutter.
He pauses, just before he drinks; the smell is almost too much, he’s not sure if his body will let him swallow or try to expel it, choke him. He wavers in that moment, and it’s his undoing.
“Back there, in the compound. Are you happy?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Had them burnt. But then, Tony had said a lot of things, emaciated and sick, exhausted from travel, still wounded from battle.
"Not what I want," Steve corrects "what you need."
They’re all they have left. That, and each other.
“It was very good that you trusted me, Tony. So long as you trust me, no one is going to ever hurt you again. Not any alpha, not Cain, not Killian, not Stone, not Richards, not even Rogers.”
There’s a knock at the door. “You’re getting that,” Tony tells him, bluntly.
And he frowns, slightly. Groans.
Natasha takes his hand away, jerking it sharply to the bed. She sighs, sounding exhausted. "Okay," she says "too soon. Steve'll be here in a minute, okay?"
“Tony,” Steve replies, carefully.
“Cap, Cap!” A man with a shark teeth smile and greasy, slicked-back hair flags them down.
“Yeah. Chips.” He kicks the packet with his toes.
“Trust,” he says, “Interrogation.” There’s a sick feeling sliding through his stomach. “If someone wore this, and I was… maybe already not in my right mind…”
Tony shakes his head, side to side, clings to reality. “Not possible,” he chants “not possible.”
In short, he’d taken Steve for granted. Which doesn’t mean he wasn’t probably – privately devastated, or something, when he left. Not for any reason other than… Steve was familiar, and he enjoyed his company. And looking back, he had only ever tried to protect him, in his own, old-fashioned, awkward way.
Don’t you fucking get it? I don’t want that money, I don’t want the patents, I don’t want the houses, and cars. I want — I can’t
Steve frowns. “I meant, alone. And so much. It’s weird,” he says, nose crinkling.
Steve looks at him for the first time. “You’re very blasé about this.”
Tony nods. He can do that. He can fix the sink, it’s what he does.
Tony goes silent for a while, and Steve is stroking his hair, so he thinks that’s the end of the matter. But then, clearly frustrated, Tony sits up. “Look,” he says, “I know he was there tonight.”
“Undermines God.”
Jesus. Maybe, he can sleep. Maybe he can just shut his eyes and catch a few and pretend he passed out from intense orgasm. The guy would probably believe it, such is his confidence in his skill.
“I didn’t want to worry you.”
There are colours blooming in his peripherals. He draws back his wrist, and stares at his hand. There are little spirals on his palm, twisting and squirming. Pierce presses his body against Tony’s, he tips his chin to the left. “What about here,” he asks, so quietly, but so loud. Whispers it into Tony’s ear. His hair stands on end. He shivers. Pierce’s finger delicately pulls forward his ear lobe, spritzes perfume onto his gland.
“I’m sorry,” Peter blurts again. “I can’t imagine what this is like for you, Mr Stark. I know you don’t — owe me anything, or — need to help me, or whatever. But after what happened in New York — “
There could be, Mechanic. I could give you everything want if you wanted to stay.
"I'm a genius, Jan, not your personal tech geek."
"Sorta liked Lady and Primrose--"
"Will you just shut up and look at my design?"
Interviewer: David Poppleton, Liaison to UN Accords Committee
had Jan married that idiot? Hank Pym was an ass no matter what universe he was in. "They shouldn't have to arrange everything around me." Steve opened his mouth then closed it, probably because he was totally fucking right. "It's time for me to get over this."
"True, but I would hate to disappoint all my admirers. I must prove worthy of their adoration! How disheartened they would be if I were unable to measure up to their vision of me. It would be enough to make me weep, friend Steven, if they turned from me."
"'Proof that Tony Stark has a heart'," she whispered with emotion choking her voice. "Oh Tony..."
The first strand of silly string was a complete surprise. It hit him just below his right eye and was a bright green. He flinched back on reflex and was both pleased and a little scared when he saw Loki had moved into a defensive position. "It's just the kids!" he called as Dum-E began to spray him down. U, armed with neon pink silly string, began to give the mage the same treatment. They weren't allowed fire extinguishers on this floor, so with the help of STAR they had improvised.
"Pops. Breathe. That wasn't... Jesus fuck."
You were too young. Holding the memory would only have hurt you, more deeply than I hurt you now. I am a force beyond your reckoning little Mechanic. It would have shattered the mind of the Tinkerer you were then if you were allowed to remember me. Still. Space did us both a great favor when it brought you to me.
"Don't you try to charm me, Tony Stark. I know how you work. And what will Steve think?"
"You may also want to shower, Captain."
Actually, that last one... that was a ball that should be in Rhodey's court, so he pulled out his cell phone and tapped out a quick message to the man so he could decide what to do. It was kind of nice not to have to make that call. Maybe he could get used to not having to make all the hard decisions on his own.
“I’ll clean up the mess, Tony.” To add to that easy agreement Steve headed for the workshop’s shower, Dum-E gazing after him with anxious whistles. “It’s okay buddy. Go get your extinguisher. I’ll get ya cleaned up quick and then you can go find my pencils.”
"I'm not sure I care what you think. No, wait - I am sure. And the answer is… I don't. Not even a little. Any other criticisms you'd like to deliver so I can file them under 'I don't give a flying fuck'?" Rogers knew he'd misstepped - Tony could read that in the brief grimace that crossed his face. Once he would have felt bad about it, would have hurried to either justify or change his behavior so the man wouldn’t do something horrifying like apologize. But that had been then, back when he had thought they were
Her tail was wagging again, thudding against the ground in an uncertain rhythm. The whole of her attention was now on the opened bag of jerky for dogs, and while he thought it smelled disgusting she clearly disagreed. When he pulled out a piece her eyes followed his hand but her tail stopped, posture looking a little defensive again.
"Breathe, kid," he advised with growing alarm. Tony could go on for even longer, sure, but he was a grownup whose lungs had regular practice with rambles. No way a teen was up to that kind of breath-stealing exercise. "I'm here, ain't I? And I'm sure Tony's not mad and it sure as hell ain't your fault the rogue Avengers got away, ya hear? Was just bad luck and bad decisions all around'n I'm sure Tony's more mad at himself, alright? So just... breathe."
about sex.
"Time out! No. Just... no. I trained that out of you, Steven. There is no 'the' - it's just Google."
"I did not! Well, perhaps a time or two, but Steven is hardheaded enough to withstand even the mightiest of blows!" Steve would have told him to pull the act back a little if he could actually talk.
, and his claws weren't anything to scoff about either.
"It had better not. If you
my deep dark secrets? I'd like to keep a little mystery alive."
"Aw, Harls. Come here." He helped when Tony tried to rearrange himself, earning a smile and a quick kiss. Once the man was propped up on him and several layers of pillows, there was enough space on the other side of the bed that he could open his arms. "Come on, I need a hug and so do you."
Maybe when that happened he would stop the stupid, childish, desperate hope that Captain America would find something about him to like.
A huge chunk of
He fought a grin as Bruce toasted him right back, and they took a sip in concert. The tea was the perfect temperature, and who the fuck knew how Bruce managed that every single time. Tony would suspect magic if his science bro didn't swear it off as fervently as he did. So he could take a pretty good gulp right off the bat, and he tried to do the thing Bruce talked about where he 'rolled it over' his tongue to try and catch 'all the particular notes of the flavor'. There was maybe a bit of chocolate or something? Maybe some spice?
"Yeah, well. We didn't dance anythin' like this back in my day."
"Shhh, Adorable Feisty Steve. Let me bask in my madness." Fuck, even if everything still hurt, even if every breath reminded him of the way his ribs had caved in under Rogers' assault, even if he wasn't sure he could pick himself up after this latest fall… this was the best he'd felt in a long time. The fantasy of his Steve coming back for him, the almost-real feel of his lover-- "Where'd you get all the muscles?" he asked when he registered the unexpected change. Eyes still firmly shut, he let his fingers explore and was both pleased and disappointed with the results he got. Sure it was nice to think of Steve being healthy and with enough muscle to be Captain America… but this also meant that maybe he was forgetting the way Steve actually felt and looked.
"Fuck. Harley, you don't have to follow us. We'll still be connected, and no matter where we live you'll
"Aww, lay off. They're just happy we're finally together, same as me."
I wanted to get this chapter and the next up yesterday, but editing didn't happen in time. ;.; I don't know if I'll get the next one done tonight, but it'll be up tomorrow if not!
"Any weak points we can aim for FRIDAY?"
. This is important to you." He laid his hands over Steve's, stroking the back of his slender fingers. "You're allowed to ask me to do it, and you're allowed to get pissed if I duck out. My therapist says--"
"I don't know how you keep doing this," he murmured in Steve's ear, hugging the man close to his body. The two of them and the kids had all gathered to say goodbye to the visiting Defenders. Pepper had said hers the night before, and he kind of wished he'd been able to do the same. This was a lot more emotionally charged, especially since he was watching everyone else do it first.
is what she is - the things she can do with human cells are
“Will all-a you shut it and figure out what you’re ordering?”
to the local grade school.
"I'm not at liberty to say, Captain. But I believe that if you go down dressed as you are now it would become something you kicked yourself over later. I would like to prevent that eventuality if possible."
Nat didn't react, but then Nat... Natasha had seen them together before. It made her participation in this farce all the more insulting.
"Sure ya don't want a go at 'em sweetheart?"
." Harley still spat out the names of all the Rogues like they were curses, despite the way that most of them had been embraced back into the fold. Tony kind of admired the loyalty and pettiness of that, which probably made him a really bad person. "So if he realizes you live here before ya talk to him about, he's gonna flip."
"People promise all kinds of things, Steve. When you told me that you didn't know they were going to find
"Thanks baby girl."
"I'd rather get to a place where
He snorted, imagining the chaos that would cause. "No. Absolutely not. Shellhead'd find a palace or somethin'. I want somethin' more cozy."
Now Winter was staring, and soon everyone else was too... at least everyone who wasn't staring at Steve, who was floating in the air wreathed in green and blue flames. His left eye was a piercing green while the right was a frozen blue, and the power that hung around him should have made Thanos tremble.
"You're perfect."
"I know. Lemme see if I can't toss 'em out on their keisters, okay? And if I can't we got a couple-a folks up in the penthouse who'd love ta help."
There'd been a phase recently where everything was 'trash'. It had been funny until it really, really wasn't. Steve heavily suspected that was why the word still showed up in the man's vocabulary every so often.
God he loved her.
“Then into the fray we go. Make sure my scotch doesn’t spill - I’m going to need it in a couple of minutes.”
"We're going to make beautiful science babies together, Tony."
"A vacation does sound nice,
"I'm gonna rip ya a new one later for not believin' in me, in us, and for givin' up so easy. But right now we got bigger problems so we're gonna shelve this one for later, okay?"
"Mm-hmm. They're delicious." He pressed a kiss to Tony's temple, reveling in his ability to do it and the surprised delight in the man's voice. "Maybe she can make a celebratory one for the both of us. Thor bought me Iron Man pajamas a little while back. I wear them so much there's already holes in ‘em."
"Being helpful is overrated. Once ya stop it, you can start comin' into my workshop again." The slight Brooklyn lilt to the words would have made Steve hide a smile. He just rolled his eyes, wishing Harley would pick some other way to take after his da. "You ready ta go, or are you backing out?"
with Pepper on his right and Steve pressed against his left side, one Iron Man gauntlet on and the rest of his suit at the ready. Maybe he'd get out of this without physical injury or massive property damage after all.
God, that sounded really fucking lonely. Maybe he didn't really understand the whole situation - he was mostly going on Fri's begrudging account of things - but he already wanted to take the kid home and feed him. Looked thinner than he probably should be after all. High metabolism because of superpowers had been a bitch for the army to manage. A kid whose family didn't seem real well off who was hiding his abilities probably didn't get anywhere close to eating enough calories in a day.
"Anything's possible. Cheers!"
?" That was so insulting, and so rude, and so very very hurtful... and Cap had started to laugh so that was fine. He could handle Pep being mean if it meant he got to watch a full-body laugh roll through that powerful frame.
I am glad you can tell us apart.
"... I'm not goin' anywhere without Tappy."
He was blushing like crazy by the time the accusing rant was over and it was his turn to hide that by tucking his face against Tony's throat. The genius was clearly aghast, and tried to splutter a response for a while before he realized that there really wasn't one.
"We're gonna strip the paint off this," Shellhead said carefully, eyes fixed on Tony's. "Because the shield itself is a goddamn work of art even if my dick of a dad forged it. Winghead's a thing of beauty when he uses it, and I hate that you never got to see him with it. I hate that what Rogers did tainted it for both of you. I fucking
None of them would be invited to live in the tower.
Harley guided Peter through inputting the 'coordinates', which made Tony realize that his spider-son had never done so before. The mechanism was another largely unnecessary action to the actual travel. It
Tony also had the public mostly on his side for the first time in his adult life. The media too, except for the few outlets that would always hate him for his days of partying or his refusal to make weapons for the military anymore. His old Board of Directors, the one put together by Stane, had largely retired or revised their opinion of him. While he still hated going to those meetings, the fresh faces and more relaxed attitude meant he didn't actively avoid going to them either. The R&D department was rocking it, JARVIS had joined several online communities for the express purpose of trolling the members, and what happened in New York City largely had Congress backing the fuck off.
Tony had teasingly asked him to pull it on. Still... J almost never asked anything of any of them, and he did know what the hell was going on so he figured he might as well humor the AI.
"Yes. And I hope you will do so soon as I see from your vitals and from Sir's that you are both working yourselves up into states of anxiety."
The gym at SHIELD had been a refuge, the only place he could find even the slightest hint of peace. He'd still hated it, mostly because he could tell it was a gym meant pretty much only for him. They'd stripped it of everything 'modern' and replaced it all with stuff he'd been familiar with already. Maybe it was supposed to be a kindness, but all it had done was make him remember. He'd keep right on remembering and hating Fury for it until he was deep into his workout. Four or five punching bags in, Steve would briefly be able to
Sarah laughs. “Toronto. My brother lives about an hour out.”
He slips the kettle off the stove, pours it into the mug. It’s old, and whatever had been emblazoned on the side has worn off with age. He thinks one of Clint’s kids might have painted it for him, but he’s guilty to admit he can’t remember which one. He knows it had been a clumsy shield, with the words America No.1!, and for some reason he still uses it, all these years later.
Natasha sits. “Steve,” she says “did you know I’m a vampire now?”
“Sharing a bed,” Steve settles for, tactfully.
“People will understand.”
Thor turns away like he hasn’t heard. “Last time I was here, we parted as friends. What went wrong?”
Steve snorts. “Stark, as your most treasured concubine, I’m advising you on a hard pass.”
“Not in public locker rooms.”
“Tony I didn’t mean – “
Tony smiles, secretly. “You’re a kid,” he says.
“You’re such a jealous bitch,” Tony sighs, wiping an errant tear from Steve’s cheekbone with his thumb. “You shouldn’t have left,” he says, carefully, stepping his fingers up the side of Steve’s head. “If it mattered so much to you.”
other pretty and well-bred omegas in New York. What am I supposed to think, Tony?”
“And the people?”
“A big commitment. I know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t doubt Steve paid you well to begin with.”
“He certainly knows how to keep me in line,” Tony smiles, tightly.
“No one’s going to rape me on board the helicarrier,” Tony says casually, “Fury wouldn’t be happy.”
“Yeah, you hate this and so do I, so let’s go be miserable together.”
“Children, mostly. Mostly children. You’d smuggle them out before the vampires or the Nazis could get to them.”
“Okay? Am I – am I
Tony drinks to cover his smile. “Okay. When?”
Steve nods, slowly. "Maybe." He says "Yeah. I mean -- you're right."
He doesn’t see the figure.
“I said, the worst part is, this wasn’t even hard. I have never met such a poor judge of character in my life.”
Steve is gentle, more gentle than he’s ever seen him. He carefully picks at the tape and peels back the thick wad that covers the worst portion, where Killian’s palm had pressed against the front of his throat. The fingers don’t get bandaged anymore – all they need is cream. But here, in the worst part, skin was melted, deadened. Any more, and it would have burnt his throat out of him.
Tony feels himself tighten, pushing up. The start of the nice mellow, relaxed sensation has gone, his back is up, his tips are bristling. ‘This’, i.e. my being here, taking your place, the place you’ve always occupied, the respect you were always shown. Used to be, people would stop and nod when Tony entered a room. Now, Steve goes before him, and anyone with any sense is careful to avoid meeting Tony’s eyes.
“Love doesn’t mean much at all, really.”
Tony swallows, grits his jaw. “Punished him,” he says, loudly.
“Sure.” His eyes are half-lidded. He rises and falls with the weight of Steve’s long, slow breaths. “Anything.”
“But you didn’t. Because your parents died?”
Sarah mellows. “Sure,” she says “one day. I had my hands full, the first ten years. Had to start again over here. It’s difficult.”
“Sure,” Steve says, heavily. He exhales, rests his hand on Tony’s knee, squeezes. “Next time.”
No one has used him like this in so long. He’s missed it like an ache.
But he twitches his fingers, like he’s grasping.
And Steve grabs his forearm, pulls him back, hard. “Are you crazy?” He breathes “What the hell do you think you’re doing?! Tony your immune system has gone to shit, if you catch a cold – “
“Swollen. He really had a grip on you, hmm?”
“I know,” Pierce says, comfortingly, “I’m sure it was.”
“From Stark,” someone is saying, “From Stark, are you listening?”
and he thinks,
“I shouldn’t. I’m intruding – “
But with Steve? It makes his feathers bristle.
Tony sucks in a breath. "You want to do that?"
He shivers, lets Steve kiss his skin. He sucks at the sensitive area behind his ear, ignoring his nape but caressing his throat with his hand. “You have such a beautiful neck,” he breathes, letting his teeth ghost over Tony’s earlobe.
“Then I just need you to hang on a few more days, alright? I promise, I’ll be back on Monday.”
“Fine, we’d buy a place. A house?”
“I could never be intimidated by you, Stark,” Steve laughs. “You’re an omega in a suit. You wouldn’t be so hard to shut up, all things considered.”
Then he works the base of Steve's cock, wet with his pre-cum and Tony's saliva, and takes him all the way back down to the root. He bobs his head, sucks on the tip, swallows Steve down until he's pressed deep into Tony's throat, deep enough that he can feel Tony's breath stop. "Careful," he says "don't push yourself if you can't -- "
“I see.”
The others watch him.
“Of course,” Thor eases. “Which is why we should hold a ceremony. Our own ceremony.”
He loses the thought. Talking, murmurs, he can't catch words, not quite, but they sound soft. Everything is soft. The light, Steve's hand as it brushes against his temple. The pillow is scratchy against his cheek, but it doesn't irritate. It's a point of contact, something rough amongst the hazy softness and --
him good at this, all of them. It’s their own fault. They shouldn’t have – shouldn’t have bred him to be used if they didn’t want him to be so good at it.
“If I had it my way, I’d shoot you now. Good clean death. But he killed my sister, and I want revenge, and apparently I
“Have at,” Steve laughs, pulling the pizza box forward. “I can heat it up?”
There’s old film, and some new pieces, too. Steve had wondered where his drawing had gone, his little monkey on the wire. Tony must have put it here for safe-keeping after he – left. After they fought. There are some of Steve’s books, too. He flicks through, sees the old sketches of Natasha, of Vision, of Tony. “He kept them,” he croaks, thumbing the pages. “He cared.”
he thinks it says. And then even that little expenditure exhausts him, and his head rolls back off his shoulders. He groans.
“I don’t smoke,” Richards says again.
“People can keep talking. I’m not hurting anyone, am I?”
“This is different.”
Steve’s silence is answer enough.
“Aren’t you just the little gourmet?” He half-laughs, throwing his napkin on his plate. He’s in better humor now that their living space is clean and their food edible. “Your mother teach you that?”
“It’s a dangerous world.”
“Yes.”
“Describe it to me.”
“Fuck,” Clint swears, stepping back “he’s one of them, Natasha,” he presses his comm “we have a vampire, and he’s hungry.”
Tony sits up. “Steve,” he says softly, “are you okay?”
He digs the tip of his shoe, the hard point where the sole meets leather, against Tony’s stretched hole. Rubs it there, and Tony hates himself, loves it, but hates himself, when he sits himself off his heels to lower himself against the leather as best he can, just for the sensation of something hard and thick pushing against the soft, needy flesh.
He has to dress in the clothes he was wearing before Unnamed Alpha #1 tried to rip them off him. He thinks, Steve is hurt? Steve is hurt, and they need him. For what? Jesus, he’s thinking – the last rites. Some kind of chemical reaction? Burns. What if he’s burnt? What if it’s
so I don’t have to sleep on the couch and listen to you
Tony wants to say,
“No,” Gus says “it’s not. Because, one night, Mother found me. Smuggling out two twins. Do you know what they did to — ” Gus cuts off.  “And I knew what she was. And she told me that she’d been watching my work. That she was interested in my theory. And that she could offer me so much more.”
"Are we sure?"
He likes to do Tony’s face from memory. Keep it fresh. It’s one of the only times he can feel close to happy, now.
“I don’t follow.”
“Everything’s gone,” he hears Tony mumble to himself. “Everyone went but I’m still here. I told you. I told you. I told you so.”
It seems too cruel. To give Tony a lease on life – no matter how small – and then rip it away once more. Send him back to a room with no comforts, no one to visit, let him waste away. Because Steve knows, with a sort of aching urgency, that Tony won’t get better if he’s left that way. He knows that, if Tony is committed now, he might never come out again. There will never be a point at which he is prepared to face life on his own. He can’t do that. He can’t let that happen. Not to Tony. And not because of him.
“I went shopping.”
So he makes his way downstairs. “Good morning,” Sarah says chirpily. “Did you sleep well?”
“You get here often?”
“Rogers,” he says sleepily, trying to bring his hands between their chests. “M’ hot, roll over.”
And Steve kisses him again, this time on the crown of his head, even though he can scent that he’s disappointed.
“When we were younger,” Rhodey says absently “Tony would — I always hated math. Wanted to be an engineer, wanted to fly a plane, but I hated it. I got into college by the skin of my teeth. I would have probably dropped out if Tony hadn’t done half it for me.”
“And that’s hard to change. Especially when you’re so… earnest. And you’ve taken good care of me. I know I don’t verbalise it, but I do appreciate you basically forcing me to breathe, and buying me a dog, and graciously letting me stay here in the headquarters I built and designed and paid for with my own money.”
Steve is in the lounge, dressed, bags at his feet. It’s all very – impermanent. Planned. Like he was waiting for Tony just to wake up.
It takes an hour. The food is cold. Tony feels so full he can barely stand. “There’s a fire in the living room,” she says “you can sit there if you like.”
"I!" Tony shouts "Am! Concussed!"
It’s not that things get blurry, exactly; Tony can recall the trudge back to the compound. It’s just that he didn’t feel present for it, he felt removed, disembodied, floating. Steve sets him up in the living room on a couch and takes off all his wet things, wraps him in a large warm blanket. He sets some cocoa with marshmallows and cream down on the table even though Tony can’t drink it because of his hands. Tony pulls the blanket over his head and breathes in the musty scent. He wonders who this blanket belongs to.
It’s because you’re fucking selfish Tony. You don’t think of anyone but yourself.
"Thinking about what?" Tony says quickly, desperate to assuage the stupid sense of guilt.
Tony looks mildly irritated, the way he always does when Steve launches into a monologue. “Sure,” he says. Steve doesn’t think he means it.
Bucky doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t need to ask again.
“Yeah, well I’m telling you.” A beat. “The kid – the kid was Peter. He was sixteen. Strange was the sorcerer supreme. He was – better than I gave him credit for.”
goes unsaid.
warning for anxiety attacks
“I thought it was the least I could do.”
Tony drops to his knees. He’s not even drunk – there’s no excuse to be doing, save for pure attraction.
Steve sighs, grabs his lapels, slams him into the wall. “No,” he explains, patiently, “you know who was there. I know you do. And, if you tell me now, this will be easier.”
It is better, being in Steve’s arms. It’s never bad.
it’s not that bad. In perspective: one photo. Stop thinking about it. Stop thinking about it, you’re making it worse, constantly you’re making it worse.
The soldier stiffens.
“You sure?”
Tony looks up. “What?”
Tony’s nose wrinkles. “What?”
“You just make yourself comfortable, lie on your belly, we’ll be getting the bulk of your back and ass done this week.”
“And he’s rich, Steve. Are you rich? Maybe I want to be wined and dined.”
Had it only been two weeks? It seems longer, maybe, because Tony had been sure of his love for a long time before. Those six months he spent running. Why? Why didn’t he spend them with Steve while he still had the chance?
Tony raises a hand, in greeting. Waves.
Something had happened, after Ultron.
“That’s it,” Steve is saying, mostly to himself, because he still has Tony’s cheek smushed into the floor, “ugh, God, that’s it.” He pushes in, and it’s like – he’s big. He’s big, Tony always assumed he would be, but assuming and knowing are too different things. They both groan, Tony tightens, for a brief few seconds it seems like maybe they’ve reached an accord in the pursuit of mutual pleasure.
“Do you want him?” Richards blurts. “You can have him. We can settle this the old way, if that’s what you want – reparations, you can use him, just please,
“I think you feel guilty. I know what you were to each other. But what’s done is done.”
And Steve is so relieved. “Natasha said she’ll take you shopping. To – you know, to get new stuff. You’ll need some shirts, jeans, shoes. We’ll get you a new suit. It’ll – “
“It means death. Or it means — someone’s going to die. I think it’s me. I think I’m going to die.”
Natasha tilts her head, lips slightly parted, eyes dark. “Why don’t you try some and find out?”
to extend his protection. He thumbs the bruises on his throat; what had happened then, he wonders. Does he remember Pierce on top of him, leaving those marks? Steve will say, how could you, Tony. He’s an old man. Couldn’t you have kept it in your pants, not even for one night? What reason did you have to act that way?
the added breed trauma. He’s a walking case of PTSD, and is more janky that an alpha in rut on a good day. We’ve practically served him omegas on a silver platter, and he’s tried them then sent them back, no compliments to the chef. And yet,” Fury pauses, “for some reason,
down in response, but it stays on his arm, unfading, just under the strange message in the fake-rounded hand. Something has broken the connection.
“Oh,” Steve says, mildly, “thanks.”
By the time he’s sixteen, he’s hacking into police databases and Ty has stopped laughing.
I’m upset with you & I love you & I’m upset that I love you. I feel like loving you means losing you as a friend.
“Tony,” he starts, uncertain of where his words are going to go.
“Aw, c’mon,” Steve says, “your boyfriend’s probably sick of seeing all that.”
There are no guards in the room. His captor’s trust in Tony’s equipment is such that he hadn’t bothered to bring back up to murder Captain America.
His heart beats faster, guilt coiling in his stomach. Steve had said something. He loses track of words, tries to remember.
Isn’t it only normal that Tony keeps wanting to force him into terms he understands, into his own territory? Isn’t it normal that he sees the weakness and longs to dig his fingers into it, pull it apart, to take control? It’s only as sexual as he lets it be. It could be the start of a wonderful friendship with slightly uncomfortable deeply homoerotic undertones.
“I’m going to try to climb out,” he says.
Over the line, Tony can hear a light tapping, a rustle of clothes. “Are you at home?”
March 14
On the other hand, he has little experience with the cutting, crushing sort of pain of Rogers’s world. He’d come out of the battle with the Hulk barely bruised, protected by the armor, while Cap had gotten up and talked to the cameras through mouthfuls of blood and ribs that Tony had
Now, staring at his lopsided little cake, unevenly covered with frosting and shaky lettering, he felt this more than ever.
“If you’re drinking coke,” Natasha says, not bothering to look up at him, “you’re stripping again.”
He realizes that he wants the team to see this part of him, wants them to know what he’d kept so close to his chest for months now. He hasn’t told his twin brother or any of the women he’s taken home, but these near-strangers are men he’ll perhaps one day die with.
And for now, he’ll stay far away from the guy. Living together is already begging for the disaster, and so Tony spends as little time at the mansion as possible, and confines himself to his private apartments when he’s in. Every single time he talks to Steve is an opportunity for Steve to learn something about him which will make the puzzle slot into place, see something that lets him know. Every single time they meet, they’re walking across a minefield.
The Wasp snorts, raising her eyebrows at him, “Captain America reads Gothic novels?”
Righteously offended on behalf of his suit, Steve bristles. “I couldn’t sleep.”
“Yeah,” Steve repeats, bemused, “thanks for having me here.”
“I’d best bring you back to the surface, Iron Man,” He suggests softly.
He had fallen asleep on the couch, and woke stretched out on the couch, his bare feet laying across Cap’s lap. It was strange, he thought, drowsily, that Steve hadn’t woken him, hadn’t pointed it out, hadn’t pushed his feet away and laughed him off.
Well, but no one has heard, have they?
Tony tells him the story, the woman who’d claimed her father had brought it home from the war, the last remnant of the bravest man he’d ever known.
He orders a bacon cheeseburger. Tony, rich enough to be eccentric and planning on tipping well, orders a coffee, two pickles, and a slice of Swiss cheese. It’s all he can imagine keeping down right now.
— are less so. Steve isn’t supposed to know that his mother thinks she must have picked the wrong man, that she’s had dreams, vaguely formed, of the soldier she should have married instead, but, half sleeping, he’d overheard her pouring her heart out to Minnie Harrows from next door often enough.
He accepted a glass of mead from Thor, sipping at it sulkily on the couch. His bad feeling, he told himself, was probably not justified; the man had clearly been
Steve is startled back to the real world by the sound of buzzing emanating from his Avengers Identicard, newly minted. He picks it up, squinting at its little fragile holo-screen, and realizes that it’s a summons.
One moment they’re talking and the next moment she’s undressed, a blur of skin on skin. He’s kissing her, and then she’s kissing him, and then he thinks he’s sexy biting lightly at her nipple, but she says, “ow, that hurts,” he says, “shit, darling, ’m sorry,” and she’s tense, under his fingers, and he’s drunker than he thought he was, and he’d thought he was drunk, even, and she says, “maybe just lay back and let me try to take care of things?” like she’s trying to be polite, and then he throws up and she wipes it off with the silk sheet and props him up on his side and leaves and he—
He reaches over, running a finger, gently, over the back of Tony’s hand, feeling the bones in his knuckles. “I thought it was the future,” he says, “the mistrust, the— the division. But had been the past, all along. Naïveté. Too much trust.”
Hey, Cap, it’s Tony. You didn’t pick up at home, so I thought. I thought you might be at work. Hope this isn’t weird. I mean, I’m sure it’s weird. I just didn’t want to be— um.
And Steve had—
Steve’d had a dream a few nights ago of someone sitting at a piano in a grand old house, the kind of house that only exists in books, with marble staircases and high ceilings and clean, dark floors, sunlight filtering through the wide windows. It’s just a dream, but it’s all he can think of.
Tony appeared in the hallway before they had the chance to talk further. He was dressed in a nondescript black outside wear, sporty and form fitting, and he looked awful, dark circles obvious under his eyes. He was carrying a backpack, and bundles of paper, and he seemed a little surprised to see two of Steve.
“I just want— the most, please, just make me feel it.” He’s immediately a little guilty saying it, asking for it, making this about himself.
finds fault with every line of Tony’s body.
Only Tony.
“Something like that.”
Captain America, Tony has long learned, lives by a set of internal rules so convoluted and esoteric that he himself sometimes gets lost in them. There’s the obvious — ladies first, except in combat. Don’t hit a woman, though, in combat situations, feel absolutely free to shoot one. Sex with Tony after combat isn’t gay — it’s team bonding — and sex in Steve’s crummy apartment is somehow less gay than sex in Tony’s plush bed. He’s alright with getting married — as long they find a church to do it in — but refuses to wear an engagement ring which would, apparently, be gay.
Call records show this call was not returned.
Tony’s not stupid.
The living incarnation of a Norse thunder deity sent here by my father in Valhalla to purify the earth again.”
He’d nearly killed himself, he knows. The brain damage from the nanites could easily have been fatal, and he’d known it as he’d done it. There’s a perverse sort of relief that, in the end, it hadn’t been him.
The car settles into an uneasy, wounded silence. Steve stares down at his hands and tells himself he shouldn’t regret anything he said. He’s not angry. He’s not upset. He’s just telling things how they are, and how they’re going to be.
Had he?
in their game of tug-of-war, Steve could focus on nothing but worst-cases.
It’s healthy. It’s boundaries.
It happens as a result of the kind of casual cruelty only attributable to children. They’re out at lunch. Steve sits alone; he hasn’t met Arnie yet. Two girls are picking at their baked potatoes a table away. He can only barely hear their voices; it’s only really the sound of his name that catches his attention.
“Take off your tie and blazer,” Tony says. Steve doesn’t question it, shedding both. He’s neat, even now; he folds both and sets them gently on the seat he’d vacated.
“I need a date,” he says, “some charity event or something. Booked for two.”
“Oh.” says Steve. He’s not a very good swimmer at all; he doesn’t think they’d let
Tony’s responding rumble is harder to understand. Steve thinks about Donald Blake’s humble practice with some amusement.
Once they’re back in the classroom, Steve picks up his pen and starts scribbling on his inner arm, over his wrist. He draws daisies and roses, messy and arched, over his wrist, adds leaves and petals and little flourishes. It’s the very best he can make it.
Steve stares at him. “What?”
“Let me patch you up,” he says, pushing Steve’s shirt all the way off his shoulders.
“Luck’s got nothing to do with it, old boy,” Tony says, “you’ve just got to believe your own bluff.”
Cap likes Iron Man, sure, likes the idealized, invulnerable front that Tony has poured so much of his heart into creating. If Iron Man was Captain America’s soulmate, there wouldn’t be any issues.
Would Steve want that?
“You owe me one,” Tony reminds him, “and I don’t want to drink alone right now.”
No surviving family.
It’s not about the body; Tony, generally speaking, plays the other side of the field. There have been exceptions, of course — Tony isn’t planning to go out without having tried it all, thank you very much — but, despite what Jarvis says, he’s perfectly secure with himself as a straight man.
Mutely, he shakes his head.
He rolled up his sleeves. Two near-identical bruises, red imprints of fingers, were forming on his wrists.
It’s a cold comfort.
“Would you stop blabbering on about Jarvis? He’d walked into the wrong place at the wrong time, and now he’s dead,” Natasha says, her voice cold without being cruel, “that’s all there is to it.”
“Huh,” says Steve, and then grimaces and tries, “I’m fine.”
Steve laughs. Tony’s eyes are glued to his dimples. “Yeah, I figured. Where do you want me?”
Steve picks it up and holds it open for him, and Tony pushes himself and shoves his arms around at random until they’re in the sleeves. It’s almost sweet. Hell, it
“What, now,” Rogers say, surprising Tony, “are we betting?”
Tony runs a hand down his own stomach, flexes his muscles. No evidence exists to indicate they’d had sex last night. In this state, he doubts he could have gotten it up.
And there he is, now, with Amora, with that same easy smile, like he’s charmed to meet her. Fake smiles aren’t supposed to reach your eyes, but Steve has long noticed that Tony’s do.
is a diagnosis.
He’s not sure how long it is before Steve is gently pulling the ball gag out, undoing the wrist cuffs, taking the bell out of Tony’s clenched fingers. Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s neck and lets him carry him into the shower.
New York” printed on it, the kind of touristy crap he’ll cringe at when he’s more in the zeitgeist.
The following day unfolds less like a fight and more like some kind of thriller. Tony can imagine the music going quiet when they find the island. The drop of the nuclear bomb, even from behind his forcefield, is near-cinematic.
Tony thinks with a vengeance that surprises him, and Steve stays dead.
March 13
“Excuse me?” Steve asks, totally blown away.
Think at this point if I’m not sending it there’s not need to worry about signing it “yours.”
His own face greets him.
He’s only half lying. His gut tells him that he ought to be fine, that if he’s made it to now.  The chestplate is keeping him alive, the portable generator in the helicopter providing the charge it needs.
“Well, what do you have that I want?” He asks, practically. “I’m the man who has everything, darling, favors are the way of the world.”
“I’m straight,” he says, in the kind of voice oozes
He allows himself to be pulled under Steve’s heavy, muscled arm, leans into his side. Steve picks the channel — he’s the one in this partnership with strong opinions on late night TV — and, for a while, they settle into comfortable, tired silence. Tony doesn’t quite sleep — he’s still too tightly wound, too worried about any possible complications of whatever Steve had been hit with— but he drifts.
Now that he knows what he’s looking for, he finds a request for backlogged files from the server a couple days before the guy had resigned, and curses again. No way to know what he’d taken, but Tony is sure it can’t just be just the comms.
Christ. He’d thought he was better than this.
He stands, while Fury is sitting.
They make eye contact, briefly. Pale blue eyes stare at him through slits in the red and gold mask. Steve feels a wave of deja vu, strong enough that he’s almost dizzy, hit him. Iron Man is alive.
“Just a headache, darling,” he says, pinching the bridge of his nose. It’s not a lie. He doesn’t remember the last time he’d woken up without one. The faint buzz of alcohol — champagne, which never hits him the way he wants it to hit— is doing nothing for it.
and he feels like he’s behind the curb.
And yet something warm stays with him into the night, something he’s been forgetting for a long time. He believes in the Avengers, believes in Tony. None of this, he thinks, hopes, is beyond repair.
So, Steve, in his fantasy, blushes that same faint red, shakes his head. “I’m not going to—“ he says, but all of them know he’s absolutely going to, that he’s already halfway on his knees, and then—
It finally comes, complete and vivid. Tony imagines everything he could do to Steve. He could take him by the jaw, push his head back, force his mouth open. Could dig his nails into skin and scratch hard down his sides, leaving grooves. Could pull out the cat o’ nine tails and put his arms into it.
“With our luck,” Steve says, “there would have been.”
“Abdul?”
“You’re a real gentleman.” Steve smiles, still looking up at him. He has dimples when he smiles. Tony reaches down and pushes his finger into a dimple, imagines digging in with his nails until he breaks skin. This night could end there, with his nails tearing up Steve’s face.
Tony skims down the page and finds nothing more of interest, the single quote stretched out into an article’s worth of speculation, and pushes his fear down. God, fuck clickbait.
“Do you know who designed those handcuffs?” He asks.
“No mystery about it,” the Wasp shrugs, “he can’t eat through the mouth slit in that suit, can he?”
“You keep quiet, now,” he says, pulling back, “don’t ruin the mood by bleeding all over the place.”
He’s not lying. Rogers lifts an eyebrow at him, a multitude of judgements packed into one expression. Tony could peel them away, layer by layer —
Familiarly, Future-Steve caught him by the upper arm.
The food is brought out almost alarmingly quick. Nauseated by the greasy smell of Steve’s burger, Tony breaks his pickles into smaller and smaller chunks on his plate, sending rivulets of salty, greenish water soaking into his cheese.
He zooms down to retrieve the guy himself, throwing him casually over a metal shoulder.
“What about Amora?” Steve asks. “What about Tony?”
“What about yours?” Arnie asks.
Jan, tipsy in a giggly, hyperactive way, is playing keep-away with Steve’s shirt. “Never have I ever,” she suggests, her voice slightly winded, breathy, “strip never have I ever.”
He’s antsy. Banner makes eye contact with him, surprised to see him back so soon, and Tony shrugs and leers at him, the sort of leer that suggests he’d done the reporter in the coat closet. The scientist interests him not at all.
Tony falls asleep there, on the couch, mourning the loss of warmth and company, dwelling, as always, on the disappointing impermanence of things.
Natasha, he remembers, had never planned to marry him.
His visors immediately zoom in on the set of Steve’s wide shoulders underneath him, bright blue and recognizable. He stands just by the wreckage where a bomb had gone off in a Pinkberry, and he’s talking to black clad SWAT officers, gesturing as he speaks. He looks fine.
The guy’s depressed, out of his element. That much is clear. Out of everyone, he talks most to Jan, whose husband always cuts the conversation off within two minutes of it starting. And that’s fine. Jan is pretty, approachable, doesn’t make random comments about Cap’s backside. She spends far more time with Rogers than Tony ever does, attends every team meeting, hangs out around the compound. She doesn’t have another job. She’s also a woman. Tony, whose interest in Cap is entirely platonic, should not feel jealous.
Steve turned to face him. Remembering the little gesture from earlier in the workshop, the hand Tony had placed on his chest, he glanced down to his heart and then up to his eyes.
“— another complication, when I’m fuckin’. I’m fuckin’ dying already. Wish I coulda’jus married her.”
, after all — and perhaps he’d been scared, earlier, and Steve had misinterpreted the look. They’d dealt with shapeshifting aliens once before, and maybe future Steve had assumed him to be foe, before he’d taken stock of the situation. Steve, after all, was not often in the position of trying to judge the expressions on his own face from the outside.
She steps forward. In the moonlight, Steve can see the eager expression on her face.
He does.
March 15
He hadn’t told them his name, but they’d all seen him unmasked. He speaks freely of his past, his brothers in battle, his New York, decades gone. He’s lost everything he ever had to hide.
“I don’t blame you,” he says, “I know it was the magic that made you do that.”
“No,” she says, cruel now, “it’s because I find cancer-ridden drunks who smells of chemotherapy drugs attractive. Get a move on, Stark. I don’t have all day.”
Jan has left one of her flat shoes under his couch, and Steve had never bothered to pick his shirt up off the footrest. He lets himself imagine a world where the playful stripping had gone further, perhaps—
“Lived to die another day, comrade?” Natasha asks him, specifically, her voice low, husky, and a little amused. “I’ll see you again.”
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
snap. He goes into fights like this anticipating pain, knowing how small the chance of him getting out unwounded is, and Tony can’t fault the hard grip he has, now, on his machine gun.
“What’s all this, then?” Mrs. Roth asks, not unkindly, and catches her son by the hand, “You haven’t been drawing on Arnold, Steve, have you?”
“I’ve never stood someone up,” Steve says, finally, his eyes on Tony’s bright purple carpet, “on a date, I mean.”
“Who— who were they?” Steve asked, not sure he wanted to hear the answer.
Steve stares at the writing, confused and overwhelmed. For the first time, he has solid proof that there’s someone out there for him, that he’d been meant to have a soulmate after all. He’s talked to her, exchanged words.
Hell, he was fairly sure he had gotten through the first half of one before he’d plugged himself in. A cold dread envelops him, leaving him weak and dizzy, his hand sweaty on the pen.
Steve shakes his head. “I’ve got an apartment,” he says, “I’ll give you the address.”
Their flirtation is so by the numbers he could do it in his sleep, but he likes her figure, likes her face, likes the D cups the faint hint of muscle in her arms, just enough to add an athletic sort of firmness to her figure. He thinks they could have a good time together.
, 3:00 PM.
“It’s not you,” Steve says, “it’s been him all along.”
“If you’ve got a pen,” Steve offers, “I’ll do yours.”
Tony recognizes the song that comes in the first few notes. Leonard Cohen’s deep, simmering voice joins him before Steve does.
“I’m drinking coke,” Steve says, puffing his chest out. He’s always a little louder, a little more assertive, when the girls are around.
Draft 2
Six months into sleeping with Cap, it’s clearly gone beyond sleeping with Cap.
This is Tony.
“No, you’re stripping, remember?” She asks, grabbing him by the arm, “Shirt off, shirt off.”
He lets go, shakes out his cramping fingers.
It’s that morning that he leaves for Sin-Cong, that night that an ambush leaves chunks of shrapnel in his chest. He returns home and nothing is the same afterwards. If he ever takes the chestplate off, his heart will stop beating.
It’s mostly the woman in the red and black outfit talking to him. The man in scarlet with antennae coming off his face puts in a word or two sometimes, words Steve struggles to grasp the enormity of; the future, decades, frozen in the ice, your war. The man dressed in chainmail like a Viking swings his hammer menacingly to and fro in his hand, his large fingers toying with the braided strips of leather on the handle. A strange entity guards the doorway behind him, silent. It’s red and gold, smooth gleaming metal. Steve’s eyes catch on the bright scarlet coat. It reminds him, distantly, of red polished nails on women’s hands. His skin still tingles unpleasantly all over, deep triangulation stabs of main echoing occasionally down his arms. His skin, cold and salty, pinching, feels dry and stripped down from the salt, rigid and entirely separate from the flesh underneath. Even the delicate membranes of his eyes seem as rough as wrinkled tinfoil, sharp at the edges.
It happens like this: Steve’s over in Tony’s apartments in New York City, the place that they, by chance, have ended up the least often. They’d had a good night. Tony, pleasantly fucked out and a little achey, asks Steve to fetch a robe from the closet.
“Keep the toys,” Steve says.
Friendly ghost.
He can feel a faint judgment Steve doesn’t voice. Suddenly, despite this, he realizes he
“Hold on,” he says, “I need to eat. Pickles are a hangover cure. Have you picked—?”
Janet has shrunken down and disappeared one of the robots and is struggling with the mechanisms Tony has constructed inside, causing the thing to careen back and forth unpredictably. This, naturally enough, leaves Steve and Tony to try going hand-to-hand with the things.
A single tear falls on the photograph, landing squarely on Steve’s face. Tony could brush it off before it soaks through the glossy finish, could save the picture. Instead, he sits and watches it eat into the picture, consume Steve’s smile and his eyes and the shadow of Tony’s face on his.
This time, Tony’s look cannot not be anything but amused, and he can read it easily:
“Is there a reason,” Steve continues, picking his out carefully, clunkily, as though they’re particularly heavy objects, “that you care so much to know?”
His arm had been tingling because Steve had been drawing on it.
“In the nature of total honesty,” Steve says, and Tony feels his stomach sink. This is the part, he’s sure, where things go horribly wrong. “I thought it was Iron Man.”
Thor’s voice is gentle, like he expects it to be, a little mournful but understanding. Steve, on the other hand, is harder to pin down. His mouth screws up, the scowl almost disapproving, like he’s about to tell Tony’s cancer cells to man up and do better. “Is this a joke? One of those ironic things I never seem to get?”
He wonders if Steve and Janet will follow them, once her divorce is settled. Sure, he can see the fissures in their relationship from a mile away, the subtle ways that they rub each other wrong, but that’s never stopped anyone from getting married before.
He remembers a chilly night sitting out on Arnie’s kitchen floor, remembers the roses in the vase, the way that Mrs. Roth’s face had gone pinched with worry, remembers,
“I’m not, Tony. I don’t want them to see me like this.”
“I’m still taking you, one day,” Iron Man had said, and Steve had thought nothing of it. Their shoulders had bumped against each other. Iron Man had smelled of machine oil and rich, musky cologne.
It’s almost cute to watch him try, the same way as it’s cute to see a lion with a tutu around its neck. He’s out of his depth talking modern politics — Tony’s sure that SHIELD must have tried to catch him up on modern events, but without the context of having lived them, his words ring hollow. Even the decision to put him the new Cap suit, with everyone else in their evening best, draws a line of separation between him and the crowd.
“Of course, yeah,” Steve said, “wanted to make sure everything was OK.”
He doesn’t get a match until he thinks to check army records months later. By then, he’s read the chances of two people having the same fingerprint: one in sixty-four billion.
“Leave a note,” Iron Man insists. His tone is more urgent, now. They’re running out of time. “Write the team a note. Tell them you’re safe with me. Pick up the pen and write while I don the armor, Steve.”
He doesn’t expect much from Steve; he knows what they have isn’t, exactly, love. Steve couldn’t love a man, not in the same way he’s always expected to love a woman; he’d grown up dreaming of the apple pie life with Gail. Tony’s world can leave him feeling cold and lonely. Tony himself will be gone in a matter of years, if not months.
“No, yeah, no.” Arnie’s flustered. Steve still can’t tell why. He puts the pen down on the table and follows his friend out of the kitchen, his hands in his pockets.
Tony, who watches him more than he would admit, has seen him read the same paragraph over and over again for minutes, his expression vacant.
His head always hurts.
“Sure thing, yeah. We ought to find a place to be alone, don’t you think?”)
Tony plans on writing a letter.
“Still missing pieces?” The man asks.
The wrists of all of the girls in class remain clear. Steve is caught, told off, and made to go wash his hands.
He considers his soulmate.
So he’ll write a letter, to be opened after his death, where he’ll explain everything and apologize and tell Steve to find someone else. It’s the decent thing to do, the only decent thing to do.
Tony’s taken off his sunglasses, and his eyes are sad and kind. Steve’s anger runs hot. “Are you going to be fine for the mission?” He asks.
He squeezed Tony’s upper arm before he left, quick and friendly, and Tony’s expression, briefly, reflected a delighted sort of surprise.
the elevator drew to a stop.
“Skinny kid. Wanted to do what was right for his country. Got the serum.”
XXX-XXX-6722.
The man grunted, and, with some effort, pulled himself up on his elbows. As he set up, Steve saw his hands were cuffed together with a long chain, heavy metal. His face was dirty, dust clinging to his well-defined, flat cheekbones, an un-groomed beard taking up most of the real estate of his chin. His eyes, a bright blue-green, were alert and aware, calculating.
“Never have I ever said the wrong name in bed,” She says, keeping eye contact with Steve. She’s definitely drunk, her words slurring slightly, and though her voice is light enough, playful, Tony already knows Steve won’t take this well.
So that’s how they end up on the floor of Arnie’s kitchen, Arnie’s arm stretched out over Steve’s knees. There are roses in the vase in the center of the table, ones Arnie’s dad had gotten Arnie’s mom — Steve’s never asked, but he’s fairly sure they’re the real deal, real soulmates — and Steve tries to copy the ruffled petals, the delicate swoops of the flower.
He’s dimmed the glass; it’s one way, now, them seeing out but no one seeing in, but Steve, doesn’t have to know that.
He looks scary. His skin is clammy, black hair sticking to his forehead in lumps. His eyes are open wide and bulging. He’s dropped the cord in favor of clinging to his chest, with one hand, shaking his head. “Please go. Go, go, go.”
Steve takes it. The card doesn’t say much — he’s only scrawled “Sir Ian McKellen” over the top. It shouldn’t mean anything to anyone but him.
“No,” Tony said, “no, help yourself.”
Steve frowns, surprised. “He’s in prison.”
he thinks, warm and sleepy.
He’d get her flowers. You get a girl flowers.
“Steve.” Tony says, “I told you it’s okay if you’re upset at me for being—“
An expression he can’t quite read passes over her face, but she only nods.
Steve stares at him, holding eye contact for a little too long, and then gives an imperceptible little nod. He doesn’t get up again. It probably hurts.
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
It’s soft and slow. Tony feels the texture of Steve’s skins, the parts where his chapped lips turn coarse. Steve nips at the hollow of his throat, undoes the buttons on his shirt with big, deft fingers, and Tony can feel himself finally hardening.
That’s not how it is for Tony.
Who would that be? Jessica, Natasha, possibly Bobbi Morse and Clint, hell, maybe Carol or Rhodey, of all people. It’s not the kind of party he tends to be invited to.
And then, just like that, Tony was crying. He was a quiet crier, his face screwed up on itself as though to keep the tears in, eyes squeezed shut.
“So,” he asks, casually, “it’s never occurred to you I might care about you?”
“No, er. I meant a note.”
You can never be sure. It’s hearing the countdown of a bomb and not knowing if it’ll explode in your face or take out your enemies.
“Drinking never have I ever,” Tony counters, because, despite all his big talk, he’d rather be drunk than naked.
Coming down the hall to the gym arm in arm with her, he thinks he catches a glimpse of red and gold in the glass door to the laboratory. He stops in his tracks, staring.
(“A bit of a bachelor, isn’t he?”
“Nope,” the Wasp told him cheerfully, “he’s still down in the workshop. C’mon, Cap, let’s go fetch him.”
Tony stares at his back, a little disbelieving.
Tony’s not sure how long it is until he gets there. He feels like his brain is stationed just outside his body, over his forehead, and his body is a heavy, slow thing, holding him down. His bones ache, and he feels his skull, heavy and round, more than any other part of him. He’s noticing specks of dust on the handles of his dresser.
“Letters?” Steve asked, thumbing through.
He doesn’t participate in Hank and Thor’s idle speculation behind him, his eyes trained on the sea-weed covered figure they’d pulled out. A thought, insidious though almost certainly false, has just occurred to him.
After thirty minutes, he retreats a few blocks away, buys himself a coffee, and texts Steve his location. It’s another four hours, each accompanied with another coffee, before Steve actually walks through the doors of the establishment.
He stays dutifully silent as Tony pulls him forward to straddle his lap, working Tony out of his clothes with deft, quick fingers. He’s relieved, Tony thinks, amused by the thought, maybe a little anxious.
“Sure,” Tony says, “bet.”
with Iron Man often enough in casual conversation, careful not to let on the depth of his interest. Iron Man’s opinions of Stark seem as contradictory as Stark himself. He’s a good boss, apparently, but certain things — Iron Man’s identity, for one—  cannot be brought up with him at all. Iron Man is both close to him, close enough to know his exact opinions on a dearth of subjects, and completely subject to his will.
Steve reaches down and palms him, rough. It’s too much, too hard; Tony gasps and flinches away from the touch. Steve glances up, annoyance at the interruption written into his features, and Tony feels a thrill of fear shoot up his spine.
As he makes his way out of the mansion and follows the card’s call, he finds the Avengers waiting for him; the Wasp, already tiny and fluttering around Giant Man’s shoulders, Thor spinning his hammer by the handle, his helmet ajar.
Cap, Tony has learned, is a touchy guy. He’s always been touchy. Even in the early days, Tony remembers thinking it funny how often he’d get Steve’s fingerprints on the Iron Man suit — on the small of his back, on his arms, on his gauntlets. He’d often wondered if Steve had thought he’d somehow feel the touch through the suit. He’d never asked, though. He had liked the attention.
If it was Iron Man, Steve thinks he’d want to talk through it, crack a joke, even. Tony’s business-like tone of voice leaves no room for that. He sounds in control. He must know. He must realize this is likely to be a trap.
“You got this from Tony,” he says softly. The freezing thing in his stomach uncoils, his reality shifting.
The issue is that he hates every single word.
“You won’t find anything,” Maria says, patiently, “It’s just some darker skin. A birthmark.”
Still, he heads back for his own room. He’s been given a journal, and, in the spirit of investigative work, he starts to write down the encounter.
Steve puts a hand on his shoulder. “You’re only fifteen,” he says, “this is a whole lot earlier than most people get to talk to their soulmates at. You’ll have plenty of time to find her. It’s meant to be, kid.”
He rushes over, undoing the gag first. Amora’s green scarf is soft to the touch, and Steve finds himself using the clean side to wipe around Tony’s mouth, under his eyes.
The Wasp, at least, was good at her assigned job; the ballroom of the mansion, which they had chosen for their party space, was decorated in impeccable style. Thor was arranging store-bought finger foods messily on plates and pouring glasses of mead on one side and orange juice on the other. Giant Man, Hawkeye, and the twins, none of them trusted with anything else, had shown up.
“Friends!” Thor shouts, entering through the kicked in door. “I have come to save you!”
In this world, he somehow imagines a possibility of something between himself and Steve. It’s probably not serious — it’d be ridiculous to expect the two of them to be able to come up with something stable, not to mention, that, for reasons Tony can’t quite explain, imagining himself with a man immediately comes with the expectation that it can’t be serious, can’t be the same kind of thing he’d always thought he’d have with a wife — but perhaps he’s invested in it anyhow. Maybe, in this hypothetical world, he’s excited right now, a little giddy with joy. Maybe this matters to him. Maybe he thinks Steve had agreed because Steve returns his interest, and he’s planning out the details. Steve, who is as straight as anyone comes and could not have thought about it this way, doesn’t know, but hypothetical-Tony is probably imagining taking him home and sleeping with him.
His cold arm tingles, likely a sensory side effect of his weak heart shutting down the access of blood to his extremities, reminding him he’s not likely to get home. He shuts his eyes.
Tony scans the picture and uploads it onto the cloud, making several copies to store on different servers, with the border and without, cropping a close up of their faces while he’s at it.
“I win, then,” he says, “a shame. I’d already picked out a book for you.”
So, alright, he reflects as he heads upstairs for bed, topping off his glass of wine on his way, he’s got an interest. Clearly, out of the team, he ought to be prefer Thor, who is easy going, with whom conversation comes easily, or perhaps the scientists, who, if he tried, he’s sure he could find a common language yet. He hasn’t tried.
hangs in the air unspoken.
Still, he seems fond of the guy, sometimes halfway defensive. A whole lot of talk he’s ready to dish out but butts in with, “
When, several minutes later, their shoulders touch, Tony knows the touch can’t be accidental, that their awareness of each other wouldn’t allow that. He doesn’t know who initiated it, but, when they lean against one another, it’s not accidental. It’s not casual. He can feel every point of contact as though it’s electric, charged a history they’ll never be rid of. He craves this, and yet he can never tolerate it for very long.
And the entire time, he couldn’t help the awful worry pooling in the pit of his stomach. Something, his gut was telling him, was about to go awfully wrong. Tony was distant, sure, but he’d never been a jerk. For him to leave the party thrown for him early, to barely talk to anyone there, to brush Steve off — well, it all seemed strange.
But that was when his future self entered the room, wearing Steve’s clothes, fresh and clean-shaven. Steve glanced him up and down, frowned.
When Steve returns to New York, his nose recently broken and knuckles bloody in a way that tells Tony he had beaten them to the bone, he knocks on the door of Tony’s brownstone.
“Did that count?” Steve asks him, as the two of them landed on the protruding foam cliff where the rest of the team had already started, mostly, to disperse. “It wasn’t in training.”
During a period of downtime at Training Facility 3, an interview with Steve Brian Rogers (Maverick) happened to be playing on the TV in the common area. Instead of changing the channel or leaving the room, Rogers watched the interview and became more and more agitated. Rogers persists in the belief that Maverick is a clone or other 'trick' employed by Loki Laufeyson to 'control' Tony Stark. He cannot explain his reasoning or provide evidence beyond an insistence that 'Tony needs him'. Sharon Carter, a witness to the incident, called in Captain Danvers when Rogers began to formulate a 'rescue plan' that centered on the idea of abducting Tony Stark and forcing him to see the 'truth' of the matter. At the time of Captain Danvers' arrival, Rogers had laid out a possible course of action (a copy of which will be kept with this file, with the original sent to the Committee as they discuss further consequences) and had contacted several members of the team formerly under his leadership. Two of these, Wanda Maximoff and Clint Barton, Rogers had been expressly forbidden from contacting. Along with Sam Wilson, both will receive a Notice of Disciplinary Action in their files for their part in the incident.
felt like he was
. Bucky doesn't need--"
This is so late getting up because I got huge news!! I for sure got a new full-time job, and it happens to be in an elementary school in the good ol' US of A - things here are Not Okay, but us common folk have to keep on trucking despite the shit show going on. The school year is about to start, and they hired us so late that we've been scrambling to get set up. For me that included buying new clothes, because I am no longer allowed to dress like a slob six days out of seven. Shopping is so fucking time consuming, omg.
"I was gonna get you some of these myself."
Steve never seemed to really care what they ate. It was probably because of the whole ‘spent most of my childhood going hungry’ thing.
Steve had been assured that his re-branded super-self would soon be available for public consumption - he was pretty sure that meant it was almost time to start fighting the good fight again. He had mixed feelings about that and Pepper seemed just as conflicted. Tony though... Tony was chomping at the bit, ready to be back in the armor and defending the earth. His lover was sure they were running out of time, and he wanted to join the team again as quickly as possible.
"We had a connection!" There were tears standing out in his eyes, and Steve had a feeling that there had been a speech he planned to give only to have it all fall apart now that he was here. "You... you promised after that mess with Ultron that you wouldn't... you fucking promised, Tony. We didn't know anything about it until the news picked it all up and then we didn't even know if you were alive for a while. You aren't allowed to disappear, because maybe dads leave but you aren't my dad so you don't get to just disappear like that and then not even call me once since you got back home!" He seemed to very suddenly realize there was someone else in the room, because his tears abruptly shifted to anger. "You've got time to shack up with some pretty blond, but you can't pick up a fucking phone?"
"We're leaving now," Loki told them all, rolling his eyes before he pressed a kiss to Shellhead's temple. "I'll prepare the gateway." The guy wasn't wearing a cape, but Tony could still imagine one sweeping behind him as he stalked off. Dramatic fuck.
Despite that, he couldn't make his crush go away. So even now that his body felt more like 'Steve' than 'Captain America', even now that he could like another fella without ending up broken and bloody for it... well.
"Mary Mother of Christ, what have I done?"
"If they hurt you again--"
"Yeah."
Last time he'd gone into the workshop in the tower, there had been a
They had a lot of good allies these days. Their roster had been growing steadily, and with Steve's input Rhodey and Carol had begun to recruit more members that were an auxiliary of the Avengers. The Defenders down in Hell's Kitchen were a great rotating addition, as were some of the mutants that called themselves the X-Men. And honestly, as much of a pain in the ass as Magneto could be, he had also been willing to step in in the clutch. Tony wouldn't want him ever appearing on the actual roster, but it was nice to have someone who would totally come in during a world-threatening event.
His breathy exclamation was what drew Tony's notice, and the man spun to face him before coming to a complete stop. Their eyes met and held, and Steve knew his mouth was probably hanging open. Mary Mother of God he prayed the conclusion he'd jumped to wasn't wrong, because the hope he had been carefully hoarding close to his heart had suddenly grown big enough to crush him to pieces if Tony dashed it. He couldn't breathe because of the want that was choking him, and his heart was pounding so loudly in his ears that the genius had to be able to hear it.
"So..."
All those hopes had been disappointed, and Tony had learned to live with that. He had in fact embraced it and been very determined to live down to Howard's expectations of him. The cutting remarks didn't sting as sharply, and his father's inability to see any of his good qualities didn't cut as deeply.
He needed to get on finding a way to transport Fri to that other world. Their kids should go back with Tiny Adorable Steve once he was dead and gone.
“If it means nobody else boxes you in the way they did I’m in. We need to get you some more of those little sandwiches first though. You didn’t get to finish your last plate before Senator What’s-his-name got to you.”
“Stop thinkin’ so much. I can hear those gears turning from here.”
What?
"Another reason you are allowed to keep your heart."
"Yeah yeah. Now lemme shut up so we can get your brain ta do the same."
"Hey Cap."
"Since you managed to get tricked by Loki into letting this... this clone live with you I'm gonna have to disagree! And it's kind of low of you to want me to be like that Tony - at my weakest. It's just sad and insulting that you would want me like this so you can
Rogers' eyes were flicking between Winter's multiple piercings with a scandalized look on his face. Steve was probably enjoying it way too much, especially as he could see the emotion slowly morphing to outrage.
Soul simply moved to stand across from its allies in the body of Steve, Thanos between them. As one they lifted their hands and directed the combined might of their power at the gauntlet. It shivered and quailed under their assault, while Thanos bent his mind to using his two stolen Stones to stop them. But Power was a tricky, fickle thing and one could never really be sure of Reality either.
Despite the words, he hadn't seen the powerful horse kick Rogers tried to deliver coming. Steve didn't have that problem. He didn't have any trouble evading it, darting in even closer to the other man and lashing out with the heel of his hand. That blow landed solidly in the center of Rogers' chest and sent him staggering back several steps.
"Excuse you," Tony himself interrupted while Dum-E whizzed away to find his ball. "I don't 'holler'. I try to direct my
"A... shelter?"
~.~.~
Rogers has been ordered to see a counselor about his growing obsession with Tony Stark, particularly his relationship with Maverick. In addition, his phone privileges have been revoked, and the VI at the facility will only dial numbers from a predetermined list when he is permitted to use the phone. He is confined to the facility until further notice, except when Captain Danvers gives special permission. Per the rules set forth when he signed the Accords, this will constitute his first strike.
"Yeah J?"
"And you promise you won't leave?"
"So this isn't too much?"
One is that I totally get that the MCU Clint Barton is derived from the character as written in 'The Ultimates' run... but I don't like him so much. XD I like the 'Avengers Assemble'/'Hawkeye' Clint Barton, so that's the characterization I'm going with.
"Let's not go that far. And anyway, you're still my kid, so watch your language. Only me and Steve are allowed to swear like that."
Tony considered the lingering taste in his mouth - it really wasn't bad. Sure it wasn't something he’d want to drink everyday and he was definitely going to have to make some coffee once he hit the workshop, but still. A second sip cemented that fact so he waved Bruce off.
Fear and longing both took his breath away, mingling to become something bittersweet that made him ache. Because fuck, he had always loved being Iron Man. That armor had meant safety and freedom, had given him the means to turn his shitty existence into something that might actually mean something
"... you've really got me worrying, J. Tony hasn't... he hasn't jumped on Nat's matchmaking bandwagon, has he?" Because as awful as it was to have Nat constantly pretending to have someone in the wings he should date, he thought he might die if Tony actually tried to fix him up. "I don't--"
"So... so you'll let me go back to the park then? That's where Tappy lives and I like it there, even if it gets kinda cold at night." Steve wanted to take off his jacket and bundle her up in it right then, but he wasn't sure how well it would go over. Tappy's teeth looked
Life was good, and for the first time in a long time, Tony was happy. Well, maybe not
Again, I ask--
The man was probably about to embark on an obnoxious, self-congratulatory speech to poke fun at himself. Shellhead was even more fond of self-degradation in humor than he was. Everyone would listen and laugh, and then he would give a speech of his own - he was teetering between something funny or heartfelt. At least until he saw the banner that was strung across one entire, huge wall.
"Where the hell would I get a baby? Ya think I'm gonna just steal one or something?"
The light reached its peak intensity far quicker than it had before. They had probably been refining the spells and devices since sending Steve off on his grand adventure. God they were probably furious with him. There was no way they'd be coming to drag him back, but he was probably in for a hell of a guilt trip. He should have at least used the communicator they'd given him... but no use crying about it now. He'd made his choices and now it was time to pay the piper.
The tirade ended as quickly as it started, leaving him scrambling. There was a lot there to parse through, and he didn't have most of the information he needed to do it right. She was a runaway though, just like Stephen had said, and she didn't want to go back. Doreen had run away to protect her squirrel friend, who she was whispering to in a hushed voice while Tappy answered just as softly. It was a conversation, even if he could only understand half of it.
Tony never touched him.
"I just might," he had to admit as his stomach rolled again. STAR wasn't much better, flying in agitated circles around the room before landing on his shoulder, fidgeting a little and then starting the process all over again. "Ya sure he's ready for this?"
He wasn't privy to that first meeting between Peter and Tony, and that was at it should be. The two of them had acres of issues to hash out, and he'd probably only get in the way of that. Nobody ended up in medical, and while they both looked like they'd been crying they were also smiley and relaxed when they joined the rest of them at lunch. Since then Peter had been in and out with great frequency, and his Aunt May had even stopped by for dinner a few times.
"Excuse you? That suit is mine--"
Neither provided any comment on rumors regarding the return of the so-called 'Rogue Avengers'.
"We don't need your help."
"Nah. Give it here - match is about to start'n I'm gonna lose for sure without it." He wanted that stupid dirty rag more than he'd wanted just about anything since he'd woken up and lost everything. Tony wavered for a second but ended up handing it over. Feeling brave, Steve closed his fingers over Tony's while their gazes locked. For a heartbeat it felt like a moment, like maybe Tony was going to understand how gone he was. Instead he chuckled a little and pulled his hand away, leaving Steve holding the cloth. Disappointed and upset at himself for it, he tucked the thing into the collar of his shirt so that a corner of it was visible.
"Yeah. I'm real sorry I didn't ask first, but I--"
~.~.~
"Is that... supposed ta make me feel better? 'Cause I gotta say it doesn't. Ya can't shoot him Winter."
"Dunno much about shoulds and shouldn'ts. Don't have much use for 'em, ta be honest. I'd rather focus on doin' what's right for both-a us, not worry about what other people think we oughta be doin'. I love Buck like a brother, I do... but if me goin' ain't right for us... well. That's what’s most important ta me. So I can wait. Pegs'n Lokes'n Shellhead'n all the others will make sure he's taken care of. When you're ready we'll both go visit."
As the 'portal' opened, he laced his fingers through Steve's and squeezed down lightly. His
“That hurts pops, it really does,” Clint drawled while settling his chin on Tony’s shoulder. “He’s hurting my feelings, Iron Mom.” Tony didn’t roll his eyes through sheer force of will, fingers briefly stopping their dance over a set of schematics so he could pat the man on the head.
"It's not too much, Tony," she finally said. Her voice was warm and gentle, and her eyes were lit with understanding and love. "You've all been getting along so much better--"
"I do. So let's get this show on the road. Will you go grab the present while I get the kids? Grab the gifts from the Avengers, Rhodey and Pep too please."
a mean old witch. Nobody should be tryin' ta kill Tappy or say that ya ain't allowed ta be friends with him."
"Just because I didn't ever go steady with anyone doesn't mean I'm a damn virgin. Just never met anyone worth committin' to. Well, Peggy was, but we didn't get there in time. Don't know why everyone today thinks nobody was havin' sex back then. We just weren't as loud about it."
Steve could find a sense of peace and comfort in other places now that he had a home, but he still visited the gym frequently. It was nice to have a few people he could spar with where he didn't have to hold back as much. Thor was his favorite though, followed closely by Tony in the armor - with those two, he didn't have to hold back at all.
and asking about his art projects. The man was so much better at explaining all the new tech and such he was surrounded by - even managed to do it without treating him like a complete moron while he did it. He let Steve mother hen him, gave him full access to the workshop, and they had standing 'dates' - friend dates, ones where Steve was desperate to grab Tony's hand but couldn't - every Sunday and Tuesday.
"Look, if you're overthrowing Pepper's tyranny and declaring an end to her sovereign rein... we could be in here all night Cap. I've got all the time in the world and an awful lot of projects to work on. You're gonna get real bored, real fast."
It was harder to do than it should have been, mostly because Steve chose that moment to let his arm drop from his shoulders to wrap around his waist instead. That was a pretty common gesture between them now that they were people that hugged. Tony just wondered why Steve didn’t realize how couple-y it made them look. There had been entire tabloid issues devoted to their non-existent romance partially because of that snug hold.
how to respond before Tony was barreling forward. "I'm sure they'd love to meet your team. I've been working on a more portable version of their charging stations - little bastards love their 'beds' but this is more practical - and I could probably have them finished tonight. So I can do that while you pack a bag, and I'm sure your friends would rather leave early tomorrow instead of hanging around here, so I could have breakfast catered if you want? That way you don't have to cook right before the big trip. And--"
As he was turning around, however, he spotted something that had the potential to derail their whole night. Hell, it could ruin
Your choice has been heard, Steven. Now for you, Mechanic.
"I've been here almost forty minutes, Tony." Wait, what? "JARVIS tried to tell you, but you kept ignoring him. Said I could stay long as I didn't touch nothin'." Dum-E took that as his cue; Tony hadn't even noticed that his eldest was standing close to Cap's back. Really close, actually - too close, bent near in half as he poked forward at the tennis ball the First Avenger held in his hand. Tony felt his eyes go wide and he pointed in a way that was probably a little overdramatic. Cap immediately hid it behind his back though, looking like a kid who'd gotten caught stealing cookies. It made Tony feel a little better. Dum-E gave a plaintive whistle and followed after it, probably in a bid to get Cap to throw it. "This don't count. It's his'n he wanted to play is all."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Using me. You worry he'll think you're using me to take away his friend." His brow furrowed as he thought of that, one hand lightly scratching at one cheek. "That's stupid. How would I do that? And I don't want him anyway. I have enough trouble with what's left in my head without stealing another Winter Soldier to look after permanently."
Unfortunately checking on the other two invaders had caused him to miss a chunk of the action between his
Disappointment wasn't a new feeling for him - it was closer to an old, familiar friend. Maybe the source of the feeling this time was especially painful, but once the hurt and fury had passed, well. Tony would be happy to sink into the dull, persistent feeling that had lived in his bones since he was four and realized Howard would never
"I think you're wrong about that'n so does Peter. He oughta get a say in this, don't ya think?"
"Did you make him give them back?"
Getting take-out after training became a ritual. It was sort of awesome the way Captain America could use one 'aw, shucks mister' look to keep SHIELD's cafeteria staff from complaining about them bringing in outside food like that. Sort of sucked that they had to eat in the cafeteria instead of being actually comfortable, but it was fine.
All of the men in hearing distance shuddered in concert. Harley even managed to shift enough to put a protective hand over his crotch. It had been a low, dirty blow but Frank had definitely started it. And after that he'd been a lot more willing to listen to her directions. He'd even stopped trying to kill the bad guys... at least when he was on missions with them. Every once in a while word would reach Carol of a 'mysterious' death that had hallmarks of the Punisher. Carol would then glare at Frank and Frank would glare back and eventually they'd both mutter and turn away. For a while after that, the Punisher would be back on his leash.
"I am absolutely willing to fuck their shit up if you feel like you have to be the good guy here. No, really," Shellhead continued when Tony only gave a brief chuckle and a tired smile. "I will track their asses down wherever they are and give them the beatdown they deserve because I doubt Steve did. Bet he didn't even punch Rogers in the dick like he was supposed to."
Before he could express his confusion, Rogers barreled right on. "Me and him, we would have figured it out - always have. After some time we would have... but then
"You've still stuck it out with me for years - close to decades, actually. So clearly I'm not that terrible."
"Uhh.... I've got..." Tony was digging in his pockets and looked disappointed when he didn't discover anything in the front ones. He had better luck when he reached for his rear pockets, a triumphant grin breaking out on his face. "Ah-ha! It's kind of dirty though," he said when he got a good look at it, a frown tugging at his full lips. The cloth was clearly something he used in the workshop, covered in grease, oil, and who knew what else. "Maybe you shouldn't--"
He was so busy watching the drama unfold that Steve's hands framing his face took him by complete surprise. "Hey, sweetheart. Look at me." The gentle urging caught his attention and allowed him to finally rip his gaze away from where Strange was setting up a containment field around himself and Wanda while Carol was glowing and had stepped up in front of Steve. "I know ya wanted ta be here, and I'm so proud-a ya for it, but I think mebbe--"
"Primrose it is. I'm prob'ly gonna call her Rosie a lot," he admitted with a grin. Tony rolled his eyes like he wasn't going to come up with a dozen nicknames of his own for their girl. Steve stuck his tongue out at the genius, then headed for the two of them. He went to his knees in front of Primrose and began to enthusiastically rub her ears. "You've got a name now sweetheart, yes you do. My little Primrose. Ya like that, huh?" It was hard to tell if the enthusiastic tail wagging was from the petting or the new name, but it didn't really matter. She was happy and that was all he cared about.
"I did, didn't I?" The other man's answer was a deep, lingering kiss. "Mmm... very good. I vote workshop sex
Chancing a look at Thanos, he saw the Titan looking right at him. Bastard grinned and
I just wanted to make sure I mentioned that so nobody thought I meant Uncle Ben. XD Especially since I had that flub of naming Harley's mom 'Karen' when that's the name of the AI in Peter's suit. XD I have since changed it, but one eagle-eyed reader already pointed out that inconsistency, which I need to go fix in the second chapter because I don't think I did yet.
Howard. They were his now, and even if they couldn't give him what he'd longed for since he was a kid... well. What they'd already given him was more than enough, and more than he'd ever had before.
It was Tony's turn to snort, and when he turned back to his work Steve wanted more than anything to just pull him into another hug. "Then maybe you weren't doing it right."
Despite that it had been kind of nice, at first, to be together again without it being about sex. Sometimes... sometimes when he remembered things it had been hard to convince himself that Steve really loved him. His mind could easily turn it into something else - his
It was a constant struggle. If Tony ever agreed to go steady with him, Steve knew that he'd manage to brag about his fella at least twice in every conversation he had. Fury was going to love that.
"Hey--"
him, red flaring brightly in one socket of his gauntlet. A moment later Winter and Quill both threw themselves at the gauntlet, drawing Thanos' attention away from him.
JARVIS had never sighed until out loud until the other Avengers moved in. Before them it had always been unvoiced but heard loud and clear in his head. With Clint J sighed a lot.
As you seem all too willing to believe Tony Stark is bent on world domination, I disagree.
He was such an asshole.
And really, now that he was looking…
This is preposterous.
"Tony--"
He didn't need Captain America's friendship, because he had so much other good stuff in his life.
"I wasn't sure if you'd like them."
"No," he whispered, flinching back from the green light sparking to life in one corner of the common room. Tony's attention was drawn to him immediately. Before he could even blink he'd been dragged into one of Tony's arms, the other outstretched and waiting for one of the gauntlets. "Tony--"
"I'm okay," he lied when he felt fingers tangle in his jacket sleeve. "You're all here, and we only have to get through today. They aren't allowed near the tower and only in a small section of the compound. Once today is over we won't have to see them again until they prove to Carol they're ready to work as part of our team."
"We found him Winghead," Shellhead interrupted, and suddenly he couldn't
"Pops!"
:'D  I'm just gonna... throw this in here and run. XD
"I'm gonna sneak you in some coffee. It's the least I can do since you're so damn forlorn about not getting to go home right away." Suddenly Steve was leaning in, and then there was a pair of dry, chapped lips pressed against his temple. They stayed there several beats too long for it to be just a friend-thing, especially when Steve breathed in his can’t-shower-yet stink like it was the best perfume he'd ever smelled. "I'll be right back," he murmured against Tony's skin, and holy shit.
Those thoughts he was still keeping from his Tiny Adorable lover. He didn't need to be dealing with that, not yet. Not when they'd only just gotten each other back.
"I know, I was just--"
"You heard him Stevie." And yeah, there was a gentler strength to this world's version. Steve wondered who he would be if he ever let himself get out from under the shadow of Rogers' expectations. "I... there's things I... you shouldn't have to hear it, punk, but there's things I need to say. So just... I'll be back later, you hear? So don't do anything stupid until I get back."
. Tony was worth the work it would take to do that.
He had Pep, Rhodey and JARVIS, after all, who had been his friends even when he hadn't deserved any. There was Bruce to science with, who made him try strange teas and teased him gently about his addiction to coffee. Nat had apologized for everything that had happened while he was dying - Tony believed and forgave her. Now her threats were more fond than anything, and he'd even caught her almost-smiling at his sarcastic movie commentary more than a few times. He had Clint to snark with during their more boring meetings and who would happily engage in mini food fights with Tony. The archer was also teaching him how to shoot a bow and arrow which was pretty awesome. The resident 'God of Thunder' was a bit more of a mystery, but Tony was learning that he wasn't as ignorant as he led people to believe. Technology on Earth was hard for him to grasp because it was so
The quiet, inappropriate jokes Tony was cracking probably didn't help as much as his hands running up and down Harley's back. Steve's own hand was on his shoulder, awkwardly trying to offer a little comfort. For all that 'boy toy' talk, the kid did seem to appreciate it. Or at least the look the teen sent his way seemed to hold more gratitude than irritation. Could have just been his own wishful thinking though.
to be helping me with this design."
"I'm almost tempted to let them."
“Told ya I was.”
"How long have we lived here?!"
When it came to his team during WWII, he was far more willing to give me more information. "My best buddy Arnie was on the team, of course. I met Bucky Barnes-" here he stopped and had to take a second. I imagine that Bucky Barnes from that world didn't fare much better than our own. I didn't press. "Met him when I went to basic, and he got the serum right along with me. We teamed up pretty much right away, then brought in Arnie and the others later. So besides those two mooks, we had Edwin Jarvis, James Howlett, and Matthew Carter. He was Peggy Carter's grandad," he added with a grin. "So I guess I can admit that Pegs is one of the Defenders too."
"Yeah yeah, J. Sure. Whatever."
"Let us the fuck out of this room, because we have a shield to reclaim."
3 - My friends, we still live in troubled times and I for one am not super pumped with how the leadership in my country has handled it. So I gotta say - if you are not registered to vote, REGISTER!! And then please, please, please exercise your right to vote! It's so important, and for those of us in the States it's just... it's so important. Mail-in ballots are not the devil, and with the pandemic going on it's critical that we all use that as a way to make our voices heard if we aren't able to go in person. VOTE!
"You're kind of a troll."
Sharon Carter
Which was when Rogers lunged forward again, that 'I could do this all day' attitude ruining the moment - again. "Hey!" His startled cry got Steve looking in the right direction just in time. Instead of being taken down by the big idiot's rush to his legs, he was able to side-step and then catch Rogers right in the ribs. The blow was clearly a lot harder than it looked, because Rogers went flying. This time Steve went after him, pressing his advantage.
"Hmmm... guess that's true," Cap acknowledged with a little nod of his head. "And I did come down to ask if you wanted to mebbe go grab a bite at one of the food trucks nearby. So I guess my clock's gonna run out a little faster than yours." Tony's brain had ground to a halt, because what the fuck? Captain America had popped down to ask him to dinner? A friend-dinner, obviously, but still. They did not do dinners. Shit, Cap said he'd gotten there a while ago, and he had
. "Captain Marvel, don't let up on her - I'm coming in to help. Fri, forget the fucked up pooches for a second and lock in on the chick."
"Being late would be really hard," Peter pointed out even as he grabbed zip-up hoodies for both him and Harley. "We can pretty much fine-tune our arrival now--"
dead unless someone wanted to send Howard into a spiral of rage and grief - had been an intrinsic part of young Tony's life. When it wasn't Howard telling the stories it was Aunt Peggy or one of the Howling Commandos. Even Jarvis knew every one and repeated them over and over. When he was a kid, back before he had understood it all, Tony had begged for those stories, had
Well, not unless it meant that Tony felt the same way. Then he'd be just fine with both of them staring at each other all damn day, and who cared who saw it.
Rescue
"Bucky could use a hand--"
"Roger that."
. Not even something along the lines of 'got here safely'. What the hell is wrong with you? We have been ever so worried, and here you are, perfectly fine with fully functioning fingers. You absolute prick!"
"Neither of you let me have any fun."
It was a wonderful feeling, being trusted by the Black Widow.
"I know. And I... I haven't been tryin' ta enable ya or nothin'. I just... I know ya been hurt a lot. Ya deserve ta be able ta come ta this in your own time, ya know? And if ya don't ever get there that's fine. The Defenders don't mind comin' here, and it was kinda mean-a them ta decide this whole thing had ta happen in that world."
Excuse me?
"Okay, why are you two not more--"
“How the fuck do you all know that?”
"No. One last chance ta walk, and I gotta be honest here - part-a me really hopes ya don't take it. Been itchin' ta kick your ass for years now." He found that a lot sweeter than he probably should, because he knew that his Tiny Adorable Steve meant it. Rogers had hurt him, and his
So honestly, until things sort of settle a little, I probably will not be in the right headspace to write the fight.
"Better not be that herbal bullshit," he muttered. Bruce just smirked at him, which could mean any number of things. It was also a victory so profound that he never needed to compete in anything ever again. The Olympics could suck it - he had made Bruce Banner feel at home enough that he was chuckling and smirking instead of flinching. Better than a gold medal any day.
So his plans had Bruce and Thor sharing a floor, one that would have a special room for the Hulk if he ever needed some time for himself outside of a fight. The murder twins and Captain America would have a second floor since Captain America and Nat seemed to be getting close - which he was absolutely not jealous about. He didn't care that everyone else on the team had been invited to call Captain America 'Steve', and he was definitely not green with envy that Captain America would let Nat brush casual fingers over his arm or accept Thor's arm over his shoulders while he shrank back from even the
necessary?"
"From
mind? The one that violated Tony? 'Cause I still don't get why she gets a pass." The mention of Wanda made him flinch back, and he gripped the amulet Steve had given to him through his shirt. It was supposed to stop anyone from invading his mind, was supposed to protect him... but he wasn't sure he wanted to test that. Probably he wouldn't have to though, not from the way Steve's hands were clenched at his sides.
"Nope. We're both gonna stay here and snuggle. Maybe do something kinky. You up for kinky?"
Steve never used his strength against civilians, always erred on the side of being too gentle. Tony gave him a lot of shit about that even if he actually thought it was pretty sweet. So he could be excused for the way his mouth dropped open in shock when Steve grabbed the back of Probably-Nathan’s neck and levered him away from Tony.
. Don't let them take that away, Buck. You're still a good man - Bucky, you've always been one of the best men I ever knew--"
"I get it. The thought of anyone hurting you makes me want to put on armor again and kick a little ass, so I get it. Besides - it was hilarious. You're fucking tiny and he went down like he'd been hit with a battering ram. Did you see how embarrassed he was?" Tony gave a snort of laughter, amusement dancing in his eyes. "Bet he thought you were a shrimp who'd go down easy. You sure as hell showed him. And there's footage! I forgot there would be footage. Fri, make sure that gets saved please. Forever. For posterity. Slightly lower priority than all the stuff of me and your dad here."
Time and Space lingered in the little things, in the myriad of tiny aches and pains that ebbed and flowed like the tide. It had been a while (a century and another world) since Steve had felt anything like it. Since the serum pain had been temporary, quick to fade and leave him in the pink of health again. Now it lingered for the first time in a long time, an unwelcome guest that refused to leave. The new flutter and quiver of his heartbeat was the hardest thing to adjust to. He could handle the way his eyes were sensitive to light. Even if he hated the way his toes and fingertips always ached with cold for the first few hours after he woke up it was something he could manage.
Especially since Harley kept telling his da what to do, which meant Steve was keeping an eye on their oldest human son.
"You're playing fetch with Dum-E? No! I will not be distracted by your shenanigans, and as for you, you bucket of bolts--" The 'bot's cheerful, downright peppy whistle was completely wrong for the situation, but Tony didn't have the heart to tell him that. "You're supposed to tell me when we get visitors. I should donate you to a preschool, let them climb all over you."
Rogers was the first off the plane, and it was still so fucking hard to look at him. There was not a hint of remorse or hesitation on that All American face. The bastard was all smiles and ease, like this was always going to happen. Like he
"Hey Harls? You wanna maybe shelve the workshop design and come help me make a new superhero identity for Steve instead?"
"Oh! Right!" Tony brightened again and jumped up, dislodging Steve with enough force that he almost fell off the couch. That didn't even slow the genius down though - he just grabbed Steve's hand and began tugging. Amused and backside stinging a little from the fall he followed after the guy he was finally going to be able to call his fella. "I've been working on this forever - that's also why I didn't, you know. Say anything right away. Because I wanted it to be perfect and you know..."
. Tony and Clint were especially cuddly, and he knew that shouldn't piss him off as much as it did. It was his own damn fault, after all. He had been the one to shun every initial attempt made by Tony. He'd flinched, dodged and brushed it off enough that Tony had stopped trying. Random fans on the street got more casual touches from the genius than he did, and his bitter jealousy meant the punching bag version had gone from 1.2 to 3.8.
"Because we don't care a bit about any of those people." Now the demigod's voice was pure acid as he sneered at Steve. "And we have no right to stand at your side either. Thank you, Steven, for your words of wisdom. Thank you for sparing us--"
"You've had her for three days! How could you not have named her yet?"
"Oh, go take a long walk off a short pier," he fumed, almost ready to suit up the rest of the way to take out the trash. If only the thought of being
