“Amateurs.” Mortimer muttered, and got to his feet, not needing the cane at all. Castiel rose as well, and Dean soon followed, chair scraping behind him.
“Yeah, I know that, thanks. I meant where outside? You didn’t go anywhere people could see you, right?”
They had made no progress in cracking the encryption on the copied flashdrive data, though a student named Kevin had been roped into the project. Castiel had a sinking feeling it would never be of use even if they did crack it, but he couldn’t bring himself to ask for it to be destroyed. Better to let them work for a goal that would never happen than give up all together.
“Uh,” Dean took a second to go into cop mode. “I noticed something really strange about one of the omega safe-houses here in town. I just wanted to follow up on it with you since you have access to the information.”
This was going to end badly, no matter what he did here. Gordon's eyes still glowed red and his breathing stayed heavy as the drug flowed through his body, lowering inhibitions and revving up aggression. It obviously hadn’t been a lot of Red – just enough to give him that extra
He found Castiel in the green room again, sitting on the floor next to the algae tanks, his back against the wall. He'd tilted his head back against the wall, eyes closed, looking all the world like he was taking a nap.
Daphne glanced back to the stairs as if making certain Krissy wasn’t listening in. “We’re pretty sure she’s on her own with a younger kid to look after, maybe squatting in an empty house. This isn’t her first heat, so I doubt she can afford suppressants. She gave an address to Castiel so he could find her brother and bring him here. Someone broke in and went through their stuff, which is why she was out and about during her heat, and she wouldn’t come with us until she was sure we would take him in as well. Castiel is probably finding the kid as we speak.”
When they weren’t together, Dean checked his email in between the stronger waves of his heat, catching up with Charlie and the rest of his family and friends that he could get a hold of through her.
As soon as the collar was secured around his neck, all the fight went out of Dean. He slumped to the ground, breathing hard and staring sightlessly ahead.
The threat was a real one, but instead of being cowed, the embers of a starting betrayal burned hot in Sam’s gut. How
Normally, it wouldn’t be a temptation, but Castiel feels it keenly here. Sighing in regret, Castiel looks at Dean’s trusting face and commits it to memory. Now he can look his fill without breaking any social norms, and he does so without any shame, taking in the youthful freckles and slight scruff. His clawed hands are still half-clenched in the bed sheets.
Next, second tier makes up five percent of the population, and they have slightly faster reflexes, healing and strength than the average bear. And the coolest first tier, consisting of less than one percent of the population?” He raised his hand to his ear again.
This was a good thing for Sammy. He didn’t have to worry about his daemon being crushed underfoot, or grabbed up by a monster, not like Dean did. Millie was big and strong enough to protect the both of them.
The stranger sat across from him now, knees almost touching his across the thin aisle, hands clasped together and resting between his thighs, not paying Sam any more attention. He looked detached from everything, almost bored, but his eyes kept wandering over to the evac personnel sitting next to the closed ramp. They were tense, alternately checking their comms and staring forward in silence.
“Dammit.” Mark muttered, and flicked a few overhead switches before spotting Dean. “Get yourself strapped down, Dean. I’m gonna climb as fast as I can.”
Henrickson’s phone rang, stopping him in the middle of his sentence, obviously surprised. He completely ignored them both and slid out of his seat, standing up.
“Why would I have?” Castiel asked, cocking his head. “He never should have come here in the first place. It almost ruined everything.
Knowing not to ask more, Dean gestured to the living room and turned on his heel, leading the way. His cop senses tingled with the urge to unravel the evident mystery, but he had to restrain himself. He was only there to find out what had happened to Krissy and make sure that she was in good hands. While Dean took the couch again, Castiel lowered himself into the armchair.
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged one shoulder, unlocking the Impala when they got to her. It hadn’t been enough.
Claire was in her blue dress, the fabric over her knees stained brown with dirt. Golden hair haloed around her head, wild and tangled, and her terrified gaze met his for a heart-stopping moment.
“Woah, Cas!” Dean exclaimed, and he grabbed his arm to look at them more closely, but Castiel pulled away, looking more sober than he had a minute before.
Charlie rolled over the top of the couch to land on top of Dean, knocking the wind right out of him. “Don’t care. Still funny. So we watching this or what?”
The next few days were a blur of never-ending work and exhaustion. After his conversation, Castiel abandoned his body again to stay in his alien form, recovering under the ship and providing the crew with gravity as they fixed what they could. He’d informed them that he could transport them to Middleroad’s system once he had regained some strength, but gave no time frame.
“We can only do so much from our side.” Henrickson replied, dropping his hands and turning his head back. “I need to know what happened on
“Thank you, for that vote of confidence,” Dean replied, dryly. “Honestly, I don’t think I’ll need to find out, but whatever floats your boat, man.” Castiel made a noncommittal sound at that, but didn’t say anything else. Dean wasn’t too happy about sharing his space with a paranoid Negative Nancy, but it wasn’t like he had much of a choice in the matter, with Henrickson’s threat - or whatever the hell that was - firmly imprinted into his memory. And yes, he was the one responsible for this mess, but – c’mon. Who’d’ve thought that an FBI agent would come to investigate based only on one – okay, a couple – searches on a Castiel Novak? He used other search engines all the time, for much shadier reasons, and nothing had come of it before. They must’ve been desperate. Still were, at this point in the game, since Castiel wouldn’t give them anything.
Dean glanced over cursorily at Benny from his slump in the passenger seat before looking back at the road. His leg bounced on the floorboards. “Well?” he snapped, “Spit it out, Benny. The good ‘I told you so’ and all that shit.”
Someone shoved them both forward as more people pushed in behind. Sam and Jess were at the very outskirts of the large crowd filling the courtyard, which surrounded the shuttles at the center clearing. There weren’t enough shuttles, and it wasn’t going fast enough.
After a few seconds, Castiel finally remembered Dean was still watching him. He dropped his gaze back to his book, but whatever had crossed his face had been clear for all to see.
“I’m glad you’re both okay,” she said when she pulled back. Ellen’s comm beeped and she paused to look at it. “Looks like we finally got a scheduled take-off time in a few hours. This station is too overcrowded to function for much longer, so I’m thinking we’re going to go through the Gate. I have some friends on Middleroad that can help us out.” She looked at Sam and Dean. “With Bobby and both of you, we have one more bunk we can fill, so if you two have anyone else that you know here that needs the ride, I’ll be open to it.”
Castiel debated for a moment on whether or not he should lie. He was a terrible liar. “If it makes you uncomfortable, I can find somewhere else to stay until you leave the safe-house.”
Castiel woke up at that, and after some muzzy thinking, muttered some choice curses under his breath. It was Monday morning, wasn’t it? In all the excitement yesterday, he'd forgotten. Admitting defeat on sleeping longer, Castiel sighed and sat up, pulling the covers off. “No. I’m a student.”
Dean picked out Raz’s small shape from the monotone underbrush, and the familiar gold moons of light reflected back from her eyes.
Dean made his way through the hanging green to the side room. Joshua was working at the bench next to the door, looking through a magnifying glass that was clipped to a stand. Even with hands full manipulating a small filter out of its corresponding holder, Joshua found the time to glance up and give Dean a judgmental look as he came in.
“I’m on my way.” Dean said, already standing and making his way to the stairs. Halfway down, he remembered Castiel.
“How the hell did you get Red in your drink?” Benny asked, still driving. The fast, sharp turns on the road did not help his nausea at all, so Dean took a minute to concentrate before he opened his mouth again.
“How many of you heard about their exciting day last week during the school evac drill? They‘re not the ones you should be worried about right now-“ Bobby paced back to the entrance of the hangar. “Who here knows how to fly a commercial shuttle? Show of hands.”
Now that Castiel had relaxed, firm in his decision on not providing any good answers, Henrickson was the one getting angry. He drew a couple of deep breaths and tried a different tactic.
The professor continued talking, not looking up again in Castiel’s direction. That didn’t stop his palms from getting clammy or his heart from racing in anxiety. The longer the class dragged on, the more certain Castiel became certain that somehow, the professor did know something he shouldn’t. He would draw more attention if he left immediately; better to wait it out and leave with a crowd. Time stretched out, Castiel still eyeing the door, until everyone was packing up their things, ready to go. He waited until a good number of students were out of their seats before standing up, head down, and making his way to the door. The professor had made sure to not even glance at him during the class, but now Castiel could see him moving closer out of the corner of his eye.
“You know this is the kind of juvenile law-breaking Dean wants. Besides, he’s done worse than this and you know it.”
“You were kitchen?” he muttered to himself, face still burning from the residual embarrassment. Assuming Dean had left Charlie’s room for the kitchen after his stomach had growled, Castiel had headed to the bathroom instead. Unfortunately, it seemed that they’d both had the same idea – showering first. He hadn’t decided who had been more surprised by the accidental walk-in, but he knew who had been the most affected.
He can’t stop himself from reaching out, putting the tips of his fingers under Dean’s chin, just for a second. “What a temptation you are, Dean Winchester,” he says, warmly.
“Less than that. We didn’t have enough information to warrant a folder. But let’s not get ahead of ourselves. My boss wanted to know all about you before we worked together. An omega working as a police officer. Not often you see that, even today.” Dean bristled, but didn’t say anything. Henrickson was watching for a reaction.
“Okay. Not to alarm you or anything,” Charlie started, whispering so Cas couldn’t hear, which did exactly that, “but you left your scent blocker stuff out on the bathroom sink.”
in fact, but it took less than a month for Benny grow suspicious from physical activity and close quarters. At that point, Dean finally just had to bite the bullet and tell him. Turned out Benny didn’t give a flying fuck, but Dean didn’t trust the other alpha officers to be the same way. And now, after what just happened with Gordon, he’d have to be extra careful.
“I rescued her from an alpha when he attacked her in the streets one night, made sure she got home safe. I had been living on the streets at that point, but when she saw me a week later, she returned the favor and offered me a place to stay.”
“Hey, hey, Henrickson, can you hear me?” Dean asked, putting pressure on the wound, and Henrickson finally looked at him, trying to clutch at his arm. “An ambulance is on the way, just hang in th – shit!” Henrickson’s eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out, going limp on the floor.
They both meekly nodded and followed as Bobby floated away towards the cockpit, but that didn’t stop Dean from pushing Sam into the middle of the hallway, so he spun wildly until he caught a handhold and glared at him.
There was a brief silence over the comms. “A few more days, preferably.” Castiel replied. More time to lose the trail to Sam.
“NO! SAM!” Dean struggled as Castiel forcibly restrained him, and watched in horror as Sam’s form got smaller and smaller, drifting away from the ship.
With another last swig, Sam screwed the flask back up and put it away. He got out of the car, looking up to see a thin man with a long face watching from the porch. His scruffy beard and ill-fitting clothes lent to an air of dishevelment, but his gaze was sharp.
At that, Castiel’s frown deepened into a scowl. “It doesn’t matter whether you believe her or not, Dean. We need to listen to what she can tell us. Even if Ruby is no longer a threat, this is not the end of it. I am not being pursued by a lone agent.”
“You shut your mouth, boy,” she scolded, looking stern, but the corners of her mouth twitched up in amusement.
Castiel followed in his wake, walking into a pleasant scent. Whatever Dean had used in the shower lingered on his skin, still noticeable under the beta cover scent that had been liberally applied. Other than taking a slightly larger breath, Castiel stayed quiet as to not draw Dean's attention. They took opposite ends of the couch after Dean popped in the DVD disk, turned on the TV, and turned off the overhead lights.
It didn’t take Sam long to go through the screening and security measures set in place for inmate visitations.
His radio buzzed with static, the concerned voice of his partner Benny breaking the tension. “Dean? What’s happening?” Dean hesitated, eyes still on trenchcoat man, but he dropped his Taser the rest of the way down to switch on his end of the line.
Heavy handed, the cashier grabbed the small form by the back of the neck. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Uh, fine. Better now. I wanted to- is Castiel around? I wanted to fill him in on what's been happening, why that wine was spiked.”
“Then where could he have hidden? In the green room? A bathroom? In his shape, he couldn’t have gotten far.”
When Dean saw the Gate through the cockpit window, he halted in place and stared. It was one thing to see pictures, but it could never prepare someone for its sheer size in person. Curved spines of AGF metal had been fused together to create a massive circle, so large only a portion of it could be seen from where Dean was standing. It was lit up from the inside, the characteristic pearlescent multicolored light shimmering bright.
So that’s why Cas had finally accepted Daphne’s offer to stay with her. “Does Daphne know all this?”
“You made it perfectly clear that you didn’t want to - to follow me around, or - have me stay in your home, and-“
Before Castiel could knock on the door, it opened, and a man gestured them in. “Please, come in. We’ve been waiting for you.”
Son of a bitch. “Charlie…” Dean whined. “You’ll go and have fun with Ash, and I’ll be the one babysitting Mr. Roboto.”
She went down instantly, screaming in pain, and Dean rocked forward, going for the gun. Gordon, anticipating this, stepped out of reach and swung the gun at Dean’s face.
“Dean.” Benny grabbed his shoulder again before he got in the car, dropping the hand only when Dean finally turned to face him. “We’ll find him. You’re not the only one looking.”
“No, don’t worry, just- just give me a moment.” She breathed heavily for a few more moments, then slowly straightened, pain clearing from her face. When she turned to him again, she was smiling. “See? I’m fine. I just had to make sure.”
It takes Castiel a moment for his brain to catch up to the rest of the situation. “Can I ask why you’re naked and banging at my window at four o’ clock in the morning?” Castiel asks, trying to tear his gaze away from that ass.
Dean stayed silent as Castiel recovered for a bit longer. When he finally released his death grip on the sink to get a glass, still trembling, Dean sighed and mumbled under his breath before he standing beside Castiel at the sink and taking the glass from his hand. “I think you need something stronger than water, huh?”
In a fit of uncoordinated rage, Castiel flings off his covers and stumbles out of bed, only pausing to snatch his keys off his desk before heading into the hallway.
“A few things.” No sense in denying it, since Dean had already figured it out, but that didn't mean he would tell him anything more.
“Hey-!“ Dean manages to get a bare foot wedged in between the door and its frame, yelping when it stops the door from closing all the way.
“You know, I think I’ve been too lenient with you two.” Henrickson gritted out, rubbing at his temples. Castiel hadn’t uttered one word since they’d all sat down, stonewalling with the best of them, but he finally turned his gaze from the window to Henrickson at the change in tone. From his place behind the counter, Alfie paused for a second before pretending that he
One of Cas's hands lands on his thigh, helping him up onto the table. "I thought we were done talking."
When Cas loses even his own haphazard rhythm, Dean looks back down. His hair is everywhere, head thrown back as far as it can be against the seat, and his eyes are locked already on Dean's.
"Right." Cas starts to sit up, though Dean can tell his grimace isn't just caused by the slipping stacks of books around him. "When are we leaving? And where?"
, Dean realizes, and it goes straight to his head, both as an ego trip (angel of the lord out of his mind for
Still, Dean can tell that if he doesn't say something in the next thirty seconds, Sam is gonna start some shit (probably bring up the gay theatre kids, because Dean's luck only ever lasts so long) so he shoots first.
To prove it, Dean doesn't even roll his eyes as he grabs Cas's hand, in front of— Well, not God and everyone, but pretty damn close.
Lightning flashes hot through Dean's veins, sending him arcing up into the body above him. This close, it's impossible to mistake how hard Cas is beneath his shapeless pants. Just from some kissing and barely any groping and a fair amount of sweet nothings that all came from him.
"Yeah, you heard of it?" Cas rolls his eyes at him, but Dean perseveres with a cheesy grin, wiggling closer. "No, come on, space man, let me show you this little Earth thing called 'fun'."
Once Dean has his shirt on, flannel collar soft and worn against his neck, he shoves his feet back in his boots and opens the door without a word.
"Uh..." Dean may have neglected to consider how Cas's tendency to see through him like cellophane might apply to this situation. "It's just... been a while. Especially with a dude."
He feels Cas's fingers flex against his jacket, which a moment later he recognizes as aborted air quotes. Dean would think it's adorable if he could hear past the blood rushing to his face. He's either gonna have to kill Jo or send her a fruit basket. Knife basket?
"I appreciate it all the more, then," Cas says with the soft smile he always gets when he's being fatherly. He pushes Jack's bangs back for him and Jack grins, as bright as the Empty was dark.
Crowley's voice is the rudest awakening Dean's ever had, and he was once woken up by two guys aiming shotguns at him who did, then, actually kill him. Dean's starting to understand the appeal right now. And he thought he hated Crowley before...
Cas's voice, taut and deep, brings him back to Earth in time to watch Cas lower his head without moving any other muscle to press an adamant kiss to Dean's chin.
"That's—" Dean's head catches up to his ears and he laughs, maybe hysterically. "I think the mood's pretty solid, man. No worries there."
Only then does Dean think about the words that came out of his mouth, thus preventing any other words from doing so for the rest of time. Shit.
"I really don't," Cas breathes against his lips, like that makes any sense. When Dean looks at him in abject confusion, he adds, "Know what they say about flattery."
Cas is too close on his heels, though, and he'd never do that to Baby. By the time they get to the library still in stony silence, Dean's hands are itching to
He dives in tongue first, not that Dean's gonna object. The doubt that's been building in the back of his head since they left the kitchen evaporates under Cas's hands, replaced by a slow burning fire and flat out excitement that momentarily possesses them both.
He grabs both of Dean's hands in his chill, pruny ones and swings their arms. Cas gets dragged in too and Jack tries to spin them both, which (though it ends in an ungainly tangle) is incredibly sweet. Sometimes Dean sees families around town, two parents and a toddler swinging between them with a hand in each of theirs, and he wishes that could've been them, but this, here? This gap-toothed kid trying to teach Cas some internet dance to an Eagles song is
Dean in the Empty—it's like the worst stab wound Dean's ever had times a thousand, all the way down to his soul. Every part of him aches.
"Have fun visiting your boyfriend at work!" Sam calls out when Dean passes him on his way to the garage.
"No," Dean lies with an easy grin. It's only partially a lie. He's laughing at the situation; it's just that the situation is mostly Cas. He's the main attraction, the moment, the air they're breathing. He's punchline and comedian and ringing laughter all in one.
Every touch Cas suggests, Dean follows. He doesn't need angelic strength to make Dean putty in his hands, though it doesn't hurt as Cas sits back on his knees, hefting Dean closer until he's splayed across Cas's lap. Lost in the feeling, Dean almost doesn't even notice. It's about anyway: making it good for Cas. That's what he tells himself when he drapes his arms over Cas's back, when he feels Cas pull back to look him in the eye and realizes his hand is down the back of Dean's boxers, jeans gone somewhere.
The light is still on when they reach the garage, a step stool under the shelf where whiskey hides behind engine oil. Dean thinks about turning it off, but the thought of dark, of the moths buzzing there now hanging around invisibly, makes him uneasy for some reason. He gets the car door open pretty quick.
"Well, you know what they say about flattery," he mumbles between them, keeping close as he lets Cas lower him back onto the bench seat, neck cradled in Cas's enormous palm.
"I'm the one who almost died," Cas points out testily, arms folded and firm in the doorway. "I think if anyone gets to be upset, it's me."
He falls deep into it. It's like a sensory deprivation tank with the absolute opposite effect. He's drifting in utter feeling, that of hands and lips but of desire and bliss too. Intimacy. Sensitivity. Concepts as sounds as physical touch. It's everything everywhere, on every level.
"Not while other people are in the house, Cas, just—" He slides down against the leather and pulls Cas with him, one foot on the ground to make room. It's not much, but with a little rearranging, Cas gets his hands in the narrow spaces bordering Dean's head. "See? Not so bad."
, not one of the million faces he puts on daily, and stays. He settles back down against Cas's chest, listening to the heart beating under his ear. Tomorrow is gonna suck no matter what. Dean knows he should be terrified, and he is, just not as much as he should be. He wishes he could say it was the endorphins talking, but he knows it's not. It's the heartbeat in his ear, the guy it's attached to, and the words he says. That half thought comes back to haunt him: he could probably love Cas, given the chance.
is screwing around with cosmic forces, holy fuck, the whole nine. This is playing with holy fire matches, grace flickering at the edges of Cas's eyelids when he shuts them at Dean's touch.
"Dean." He sets his hand on the center of Dean's chest before covering the hand on his cheek. "I told you. I rebelled against Heaven for you. I have already fallen in every other way. I can't imagine one more will make a difference."
Somewhere between the thoughts about how else not having to breathe might be utilized and the nerve endings in his scalp lighting up when Cas's fingers flex, Dean manages to remember where they are. He has enough concentration to drag Cas out of sight of the thankfully empty living room by his lapel, along the length of the counter and past the fridge, which rattles slightly when they knock back into it. Cas is still attached to him like a lamprey, moving his unwavering attention to the underside of Dean's jaw, which is distracting enough that Dean doesn't notice how far they've slid until he's got the corner of the wall jammed along his spine.
Sam is definitely stifling laughter right now, but Cas, mensch that he is, keeps smiling, half indulgent and half proud. "I'm your buddy."
Cas touches his side, a coolness that rushes through him in stark contrast with the brand of Cas's body along his own, and says, "I am not inebriated," before crowding Dean against the counter, at which point the conversation ends.
"Dean spent all month looking for the spell," Jack starts. "And then Sam cast it using the leftover power I have from Chuck—oh, and Chuck is gone—but Dean's the one who found it. He said it was his responsibility to get you back. He had to be the one to do it."
Dean's laugh rings out unselfconsciously and he revels in the feeling of Cas's smile against his cheek before lifting his arm in Jack's direction. "Yeah, alright, bring it in."
Points of no return aren't usually a good thing for Dean, and he's not sure whether he's talking to Cas or himself when he asks, "You sure you wanna do this?"
As he pulls away—possibly a bit too slowly to go unnoticed—he pats Cas's shoulder and gives it a squeeze. It should feel like the kind of no homo bro move he defaults to when things get too close, but for some reason it actually feels more intimate. It's a thing that they do, that has become something that means
Another jolt from below and his hand slips sweatily out of Cas's and down his arm, landing against the warm plane of his chest. It frees Cas to grab Dean's thigh with just enough force to see the white outline of his every finger, an inverse of the mark on Dean's shoulder.
When Dean hands Cas his own jacket, Cas doesn't say anything about not needing the warmth. He doesn't stare blankly at it. He just takes the jacket and puts it on over his stark white button down.
He bursts into laughter. He has no idea why; Cas doesn't say it in a particularly funny way (if anything, he sounds deep and rough and sated, enough to make Dean wonder if it's too soon for round two) and Dean's just remembered they're dying tomorrow. He's still laughing, though.
The feeling is still overwhelming enough to make everything Dean could say sound lame and inadequate, but at least he's trying now. It's a little easier when they're all together like this, both because no one can really see his face as he struggles through the truth and because it feels like they all already know, hugging him back. Words and actions, like how Cas now says
It has not escaped Dean's notice that Cas hasn't reacted yet, still staring at Dean with ambivalent shock. He hasn't moved an inch—Dean doesn't think he's even breathed—which is funny, because Dean can't stop moving: rubbing the back of his neck, crossing his arms, shifting his weight from foot to foot, generally moving everything but his eyes locked on Cas's. Nobody has made this much eye contact in the history of eye contact.
He manages to catch Cas's hand and guide it to his dick, both squeezing out of relief and awe respectively. That's basically the end of that: Cas's mouth over his ear again, a constant stream of impossible adjectives and encouragements, and his strong fingers around Dean's dick, and that's it, game over.
soft, by the way. Kinda greasy but thick and warm from his scalp so close beneath. Dean would very much like to do nothing else forever, actually. Maybe the case was a bad idea after all.)
He realizes his mistake immediately. A definite problem, in the way that the two of them alone in close quarters is always dangerous. It's not the alcohol: Dean's tolerance is through the roof (to the point where yeah, even he's a little uncomfortable about it) and he's pretty good at controlling himself around hot guys at this point—even Cas, who tends to violate every norm Dean has carefully constructed for himself. It's not even the staccato beat of the thought looping through in his head,
As Dean slowly but deftly undoes Cas's tie, he isn't thinking about the skin it's uncovering, or even the cool feeling of the fabric between his fingers. He should be—at the very least, to make it good for Cas—but he's stuck inexplicably on the after. Cas probably can't tie a tie, so Dean will have to do it for him, fingers brushing his chin. He'll have to loosening the knot as soon as he's done, though: it's not Cas otherwise. His knuckles bump Cas's chest for real when the latter kisses his cheek, then his ear. For a second Dean swears he can feel the unnecessary heartbeat under his hand stutter.
Cas is a great hugger. He's all warm and careful, strong arms that squeeze and hold and... He's a good hugger. Dean wishes he could take credit like he can for a lot of Cas's human skills, but no, it's all him, there from the first time he grabbed Dean and Sam for an intense reunion in a mental hospital (because that's the kind of insane circumstances they have firsts in: dilapidated barns, mental hospitals, Hell). Honestly, he doesn't wish that at all. He likes the parts that are just Cas, under it all, his shitty taste in cars and music and friends. He doesn't like jam and he can't carry a tune and if you let him, he'll hug you so close. So Dean lets him, and he does.
What's written across Cas's face is... well, Dean isn't sure what to do with it. It's concern, primarily, but not the sort of soft,
"I've been watching television while you sleep in an effort to better understand humanity," Cas says as he ducks into the passenger side. He looks good. Dean likes seeing him over there, so he keeps looking, keys sitting uselessly in his hand. "Your conversational style especially is very referential. I imagine it would take years to understand everything you say." He tugs on Dean's shoulder until they're face to face and leans into his airspace. "Dean."
"Yeah, I know, just—" Dean laughs once, bright and involuntary, and ducks the kiss Cas ends up pressing to his jaw. Fun. "Hold on a sec, Casanova. I'm gonna take us somewhere further out where no one'll bother us."
He sounds adorably dopey for someone who five minutes ago had to cover Dean's eyes while fucking brains out lest he go blind. Dean bites down another smile and pats his face jokingly until Cas nuzzles into it. "Here, watch this."
"Dean," Cas says one last time, and the bathwater feeling is back just in time for a flash to tear through them like someone dropped a toaster in said bath. "I can't— Cover your eyes."
Things always get physically hot in Baby's backseat, between the leather and the low ceiling and the fact that, yes, it is not built to hold two grown adults horizontally, but as neither of them remembered to take off their coats before climbing in, it's more uncomfortable than sexy.
Dean tries to sit up enough to kiss him into distraction, but Cas's hands harden over his hips, keeping him in place as his eyes snap unerringly to Dean's.
"No, he definitely is," Jack says, pointing at Dean's other eye, which, okay, might have let loose a single tear or ten. Half crying at most. "How do you do that?"
Dean makes it all the way back to the bunker, Cas slumped in the passenger seat while Sam and Mary hang back on cleanup duty, before he snaps. It's almost admirable: usually he cracks within minutes of Cas's miraculous return from the brink of annihilation, roughly telling Cas to cut that shit out on the heels of hugging the life right back out of him. One outburst of relief and anger and every other emotion under the sun, and then he's done.
Careful not to knock over any of the mugs there, Dean leans against the desk, boots alongside a pile of books on the floor. They're the dusty old Men of Letters shit that Cas was reading before Dean stepped in. He's a bit too proud to notice there's even more dust on them now.
"Right? This is," the words don't stick in his throat as much as he thought they would, "good. We're good."
It's only a distraction for so long, though. Sex of any kind always is. Contrary to popular belief, Dean has a lot going on upstairs, and he can't helping thinking about all the ways he could fuck this up. Cas is a flighty son of a bitch, and although he endured all sorts of embarrassment at Dean's hands the last time they tried this "last night on Earth" thing, crippling humiliation has a lot higher stakes tonight. It would really suck to have to track him down wherever he flits off to when he's not hanging over Dean's shoulder before tomorrow happens.
"I don't know," Cas finally answers. His palm presses against the small of Dean's back absentmindedly and the soreness vanishes, so simply Dean's not sure Cas even knows he's doing it. "Is it normal to not want to let go of the other person?"
"After overhearing your conversation with Jo—" Dean cringes. "—I asked her what other connotations 'last night on Earth' had, to be sure I wasn't misremembering."
This is something Dean knows how to do. Nice and easy, he lets his thumbs graze Cas's neck as he pushes the fabric back. Next goes the suit jacket, although Cas pulls away with one arm still stuck to tug Dean's coat off, incidentally punching the door behind him when he gets stuck between the seats.
"You're lucky I rebuilt you from scratch when I pulled you out of Hell," Cas says, nowhere as serious as the words should be. "Otherwise you'd die of heart failure within the year."
asking, that's not what Dean's saying, but the rare times they do it's a sort of unpremeditated, heat of the moment thing, impossible reunions and shit. They don't hug for comfort, or whatever Cas is offering now, but at the same time...
As the jackass DJ (Dean's half tempted to cave and switch to Cas's indie alt whatever, just for a respite) does his quips, Dean stares out the window at the fields and occasional houses whipping past. Home is as out in the sticks as the Bunker ever was, though it's aboveground this time. Home is now a rambler out in the woods, a pocket of suburbia circling the county high school. It's set back a bit: they have neighbors, sure, they get trick-or-treaters, but there's a bit of woods on all sides of the house. Jack loves them because it's "like a story," ready for adventuring; Cas and Dean love them because it's a hell of a lot easier to hide warding there than along someone else's abutting rose bushes.
"Shit, hey, feathers," Dean says under his breath, nudging the shoulder not currently digging into his own. "We've, uh— got an audience...?"
It's a losing battle at this point, but if Dean's gonna come now, he's sure as hell gonna make sure Cas is right behind him. He squeezes everywhere, the damp skin of his shoulders, the heat of his dick. Cas's mouth rests over Dean's ear, too close and not close enough, and he shifts to hold Dean effortlessly upright with one hand on the small of his back.
Dean has a second to think the radio sounds so much louder without Jack, but then the front door swings shut and Cas is kissing him. It's a nice kiss, slow and strong. He drapes his arms around Dean's neck, flecked with cool water but oh so warm underneath. His touch—all his touches—are soft as he guides Dean back with him, sandwiching himself between Dean and the side of the truck. They're both doing their best to keep things tame, well aware that Jack and his friends will soon be swarming the lawn, but it's as good as anything. Nowadays, things with them always are.
Wrong, wrong, wrong. All of it: the time, the place, the words. He wants to tell Cas that there's still peanut butter cookie dough in the freezer from when Jack wanted to learn to bake and Dean would make all of it right now for Cas because he knows it's Cas's favorite, see, he remembered. He wants to tell Cas that he can't go in that freezer anymore because that saran wrapped hunk of dough is like a frozen splinter of Dean's heart. He wants to say nothing at all and instead reel Cas into a kiss that could do a better job explaining than Dean's useless words ever could. He wants to be doing this any other way than how he currently is, but he's committed to doing it now, like this, and Dean Winchester is good at nothing so much as soldiering through.
"Fuck you, dude." Dean punches his arm, but lightly, even though it doesn't matter to Cas anymore. He's feeling fragile enough for the both of them. It's eased a bit by Cas's reaction of laughing through his nose. "Dick."
Other sensations come in one by one: Cas's legs under Dean's, his dick still incredibly hard in Dean's ass. He feels cold condensation under his palm where it's fallen to the window behind Cas. Cas is still breathing in his ear things that might be words (though not in any language Dean knows) but otherwise totally still. He's still hard, though. Like... very hard. Dean can feel the entire length of him pulse, and any other time he would be very interested in seeing where that could go, but they're on a deadline, tonight, and so.
The moment comes to a halt like a record scratching. As if on cue, Cas's face shutters, something Dean's seen happen more times than he'd like and yet totally new. Compared to the way Cas looked at him last time they spoke—to the way he did when he finally realized it
Dean steps on his foot, ignoring the confused look Cas gives him in response. "Clear our heads. Kill time. Get away from you drunken yahoos, whatever. We're going."
He suddenly wants to see Cas like this in a real bed. Would he still be clinging to Dean like his own personal blanket, or would he spread out bare against the sheets? Dude doesn't look much like an angel from the outside, but that... They'd have to live to find out, Dean thinks, and realizes something else.
Cas nods. His hair looks even more touchable than it did before; Dean can't tell if it actually is messier or if it's the knowledge that he
The moment their mouths separate, awkwardness floods Dean's body, keeping him rooted to the floor. Not that he wants to run, but he wants to, but he really doesn't want to, he just thinks he should. How did his hands get under Cas's jackets? He's so warm.
"Yeah, yeah, we all heard your little deathbed confession." Something's happening on Cas's face, but Dean's too deep into survival mode to deal with that. "Glad you got to share with the class, but I don't want to hear the rest of it, alright? The big let 'em down easy, the
Cas is, let alone who, and then two minutes later the guy looks at him and it's like looking in a mirror. But no matter what, Cas is important to him, and not even just when they're saving the world together. He likes Cas. He thinks he's... well, not cool, no one would argue that, although that light show he put on when they met was pretty badass. No, he's weird, and dorky, and he doesn't get any of Dean's jokes, and he's hot and loyal and somehow likes Dean, told Heaven to go fuck itself for him, shredded God's plan, and Dean probably could fall in love with him.
Cas reemerges already smiling. "If you want me to make love to you, you're gonna have to let me up."
Jo's smiling lips are barely keeping in a laugh and Bobby is rolling his eyes, but thankfully Dean gets them out before anyone can say anything more.
The last time they were here was the second (third?) time they ever met, arguing about whether Lucifer exists or not in the silent moonlight of a dream. Everything was still and quiet, air thick with tension that made it hard to think of anything else. They'd been standing close enough for Dean to tell that Cas didn't breathe, something he'd chalked up at the time to freaky dream logic that turned out—like so many fucking things—to be true.
Before Dean can even begin to come to terms with that, their tragic, heart-wrenching (re)union is finally interrupted by a stage whisper. "Dean? Dean."
It's a nice hand, solid and careful. The hand that raised him from whatever. He counts one, two, three-four-five desk job soft fingerprints along his spine and ribs like the cables of a suspension bridge. The hand holds him up. It's a nice hand.
Dean doesn't notice Cas has frozen against him until he comes up for air and realizes it's still. He worries for an entire second until he actually looks at Cas's face; the heat there is almost frightening, equal parts piercing and shell shocked. He looks as surprised as Dean, which is what pushes Dean the extra inch to run his hand over Cas's hair.
Cas nods solemnly and Dean turns back to cut up the rest of the lime. The sounds from the living room wander into the hallway, two pairs of footsteps on the stairs while Bobby yells up at them. Dean can't quite make it out, but he strains to anyway because the alternative is paying attention to Cas, something entirely too easy.
Dean snorts. It's a stupid, wet sound, totally gross, but when Cas's face turns against his ear, Dean can feel that he's smiling. Without pulling out of the hug, he grabs blindly at one of Cas's hands, lacing their fingers together carefully but certain. This, they haven't done. It's nice. Cas's thumb drags up the side of his, then back down, just the once. It feels safe.
Cas goes to answer but Dean is too quick, so he stands with his mouth ajar as Dean continues, hands still waving, "I've been racking my brain for weeks, buddy. I stayed up every night looking for a way to get you back, I thought, I—" His voice doesn't break, but it's close. "I was gonna pull you out of the Empty like you pulled me out of Hell, save you the same way you saved me by going there, and it would all make sense without me having to say. I can't— I don't know what to say."
Speaking of the boss, Dean catches his first glimpse of Cas as he often does: through the glass of his little office high atop the whatever. Cas has told him on more than one occasion (naked, usually, as much of their private time is spent) that he hates how on display it feels, but the angels like seeing him up there, keeping watch, planning shit. They miss God. Dean only blames them a little, both because of the daddy issues but also, well. Cas looks good in charge. Shirt sleeves rolled up. Gesturing confidently.
Well, louder music, a lethal amount of booze, and almost nauseatingly blinding smiles. It's not that different from before, to be honest, but it works; though the hour drags on, no one makes a move for uneasy sleep. Dean and Jo's mania keeps the booze flowing and well-worn war stories keep the conversation doing the same. Cas especially, weirdo that he is, supplies an infinite amount of amusement. He and Bobby discuss Sumerian syntax, Sam gets to grill him about Biblical inaccuracies, Jo pierces his ear, and they finally figure out how to get him drunk, all to the tune of
"If anything, you're the one slowing down," Cas points out as Dean climbs out of the car, engine idling sweetly over the sound of water running down the driveway. His arms are folded now, soapy hands leaving prints on his pushed up sleeves, but though his eyebrow is lifted wryly there's a smile on his face Dean would know anywhere. It's his favorite one, the one that says Cas thinks he's being ridiculous and loves him for it. It's true: Dean is being ridiculous. He's a ridiculous guy. He can have
"Yeah, well." His gaze gets stuck on the corner of Cas's mouth and he feels himself soften automatically. "That's what you are."
"Last night on Earth, huh?" Dean asks instead. His gaze is caught by the flash of silver in Cas's ear. He doesn't know what he was going to say, but a corny line he'd already tried now embarrassingly earnest is probably still the lesser of two evils.
-simple." It doesn't work. "Look, man, you just gotta take it easy for a while. Is that such a bad thing?"
And their kid, just as quickly as he hopped into the song, hops back out and reaches for his spotted hoodie pocket: his phone inside it. "Oh shit!"
Hannah lets him in with the same look she always gives him: half polite, half disappointed like she hoped he might not show this time. Dean doesn't need a tour guide anymore, but she pushes on anyway, one step ahead as they weave through the power plant call center floor. A couple of the angels still squint when he passes, but whatever. Perks of dating the boss: none of them start shit.
about what comes next. It seems suddenly selfish to ask for anything more than this; the four of them in one room is so much better than Dean could have hoped for twenty-four hours ago.
"Just to be clear," he says, slow and sure and practically glowing with it, "you are the truest love of my very long life."
When Cas places a hand on his shoulder, it's like every atom in Dean's body goes slack, like the bonds between them untense under a molecular massage. He had no idea he was so tense until Cas fixed it. He's good at that.
Dean is good at denying himself what he wants. Hell, he's pretty good at denying Cas—it's kind of the basis of their whole relationship and, apparently, what Cas likes about him—but now that he knows what it's like to say yes to Cas, to himself, he can't convince himself to stop. Dean is good at denying himself. Turns out he's not so good at denying Cas.
, but so young at the same time. He's older than his own mother and yet he still feels this way, like a kid left at the mercy of some greater force, Dad or God or Whatever yanking him like a puppet on a wire, and he's tired of watching Cas die for stupid reasons. For him.
As if that wasn't bad enough, she delivers it with the worst knowing grin. Dean knows that face: he makes it at Sam basically every day. He also deeply hates it when it is aimed at him.
"Yeah, I don't know, why would I give a shit about the love of my life throwing himself around like it doesn't matter if he lives or dies? How could that possibly be upsetting?" He's gaining steam, caught up in the final breaking of the seal, the letting it all rush out. "I mean, Jesus, Cas, I know you've got nine lives or whatever, but even you're gonna run out of 'em sometime."
"Alright, alright." Dean tilts his head into Cas's hand when it skims down the side of his neck, too sensitive and embarrassed for glancing touches right now. "You've already got in my pants, man, you can drop it."
Someone (Dean isn't looking) snorts and Dean rolls his eyes, but judging by the bleariness of the lights overhead, it's got no chance of fooling anyone. When he comes back to Earth, Cas is smiling instead, which settles that: settles everything.
"And the truck," Dean says regretfully, nodding at the soap bubbles on the cab roof above them. "Should rinse it off at least. If you let it dry like—"
They're face to face when Dean realizes that this means Cas stood up at some point, though he's still swaying slightly on his feet as he says, "You could call from the road, too. If you have time."
Cas nods again and licks the arch of his hand. Dean really wishes he would look away at any point, but of course he doesn't.
"Not the shittiest, no, but most frustrating...?" Cas gives him a look that yesterday would've made it a little inside joke but today is sharp and prodding.
Dean made his way over to Ellen, and she finished up with her current customer and made her way over when she caught sight of him again. Dean smirked at the other customers waiting.
Fifteen minutes later, the three musketeers more or less wobbled out of the bar, even though Castiel “didn’t get that reference”. Ash saluted them out, and Ellen shook her head when they waved at her. When a white car pulled up in front of them, Charlie waved at the driver. “Alright, everyone in! Oh, and shotgun.”
They’d planned their arrival well. He mutters a few choice curses under his breath. “Where’s Hannah?”
Dean pushed the door open to reveal a quiet apartment and stepped inside. Castiel stayed close as Dean made his way back to Charlie’s room.
“My name is Marjorie, I’m a nurse in the ICU at the Mercy Hospital in Des Moines, where we’re looking after your father?” John had been in a coma for the past couple months, ever since he had gotten into a terrible car accident, but Dean was the one that was there, so why-?
Castiel’s stomach twisted into knots at the name, but he ignored it, still heading for the door with the rest of the students. Just a bit further…
. This just got, like, a billion times more complicated. Obviously you know Enochian, but I sure as hell don’t.”
“What is what like?” Castiel threw a quizzical look over his shoulder before he started to check the contents of each cabinet in the kitchen.
At that, Henrickson went silent, fingers stilling on the armrest. Dean glanced over at him, concerned. “What?”
Sam and Dean didn’t realize Ori was Jimmy’s magpie until Castiel was taken back to heaven, leaving Jimmy behind in the warehouse, Ori shrieking overhead. They hadn’t heard the magpie speak at all before - they were always too busy, and Castiel had always left too fast for any kind of casual conversation. Demon possession was different; they were corrupted human souls, and their own corrupted daemons would possess the daemon of the vessel as well. They hadn’t realized angels would be different.
“No biggie.” She smiled at him. “I’ll give you my cell after this, so you can call anytime you have trouble with this thing. I’ll be your techie Yoda.”
“Hopefully that won’t be necessary. How much longer until you’ve recovered enough to get us out of here?”
They stopped at a little gas station at the edge of town. With a sigh, Dean used his credit card one last time to gas Baby up and leaned against the ticking car, rifling through his wallet. There was enough money in his wallet and in the emergency supply stash in the back of the Impala to get a couple states away, depending on how fast they were booking it.
“Yeah, all the ships will want their routine tune-ups while they’re grounded. Will you be okay with your arm next week?”
“A stowaway? Is this a common occurrence in the space trading industry?” Dean asked, turning around to lean against the counter once he had his cup filled. Sam stayed next to him.
Dean pulled him back and sat him down on the bench in the antechamber, next to the suits. Sam couldn’t help but notice he wasn’t wearing one. The adrenaline made him shake like a leaf.
When Dean glanced over at him, Castiel nodded slightly, a silent ‘I’ll wait here’. “Sure thing.” Dean replied, and followed Krissy into the living room when he’d tied his shoes. “What did you want to talk to me about?”
“C’mon, everyone!” Bess calls, and most of the people around the bonfire start to head into the trees. “Make sure the rest of you stay by the fire until we get settled!”
Squinting, Dean watched the canine pace a few more steps before it paused and stared at them. “No? Is it-“ the wolf turned tail and disappeared into the underbrush. “-not waiting for us. Awesome.”
Anna stepped down into the ash that blew across the courtyard, swirling between the remains of the buildings around her. Most of her brethren remained in their true forms, hanging in the sky above this place, but a few of her brothers had made themselves into physical human forms, and walked on the surface here.
When he entered the house, he heard Daphne, Krissy, and Shawn back in the kitchen, their muffled voices echoing down the hallway. Instead of going to join them, Castiel ascended the stairs and went directly to his own bedroom. He didn’t want to interact with them when he felt like this, the heat under his skin simmering in his veins. It was concerning how fast this had hit; usually he'd have more time to prepare, but Daphne would know by the morning. He always locked himself in his room during his ruts. He'd done his research with Daphne, but the alpha suppressants were prohibitively expensive and difficult to get. At times, he envied omegas for that.
Jerking his head up and off the pillow, Dean almost gave himself whiplash trying to look over his shoulder to see the damage. Castiel’s arm was wrapped around his waist, curling across his chest, and Dean could feel Castiel's legs against the backs of his thighs. The only small mercy was that they were completely clothed, lying on top of the covers. Castiel grumbled at the movement against the back of Dean’s neck, but stayed asleep, arm flexing slightly as though to bring him in closer. Oh fuck. He was the little spoon. His head snapped back to Charlie, headache forgotten as he saw his social death coming for him in the form of that damned picture.
Dean pulled out his badge and showed it to the lady. “I’m here about room 204. Is it still on lock-down?” When she nodded, eyes going wide with realization, Dean leaned forward, elbows resting on the counter. “I need to get in there again. Can you give me a key?”
“Nuthin’ much. Just that you’ll be keeping an eye on Castiel for the foreseeable future. He really didn’t tell Henrickson anything?”
“QUIET!” Bobby roared over the commotion. He had to yell it again for them to quiet and listen to him. “Who has kids here?”
“My boss thinks you could be a great help, considering your experience with omega trafficking, and your previous interactions with this Castiel, so he wanted me to bring you up to speed. On everything. It’s – unprecedented. I didn’t agree with him. But when I say my boss likes you, he
Dean knew how they worked, and he shifted nervously in place. Benny and him were on standby because this part of the journey was the most dangerous part of space travel. If anything went wrong with the AGF syncing with the Gate, they'd be torn apart in the wormhole. Dean didn’t say anything else as he watched Ellen and Pam prepare the Impala for their Gate jump with practiced efficiency. They were trying their best to ignore Castiel, hovering in the back of the cockpit with arms crossed, radiating tension as he stared out the window at the Gate.
She had opened the door further, stepping out of the way, and Dean headed into the house towards the stairs before she could protest. “-Dean! Wait! What’s wrong?”
When Castiel shook his head, Dean’s smirk faded into seriousness. “Just so we’re clear, I’m in charge. You try manhandling me or grabbing my neck, we’re done. I’m not yours, understand?”
He had just turned back in the direction of his small cabin when howls rent the air ahead of him. A hunting party, by the sounds of it.
Curious, Castiel crouched so Dean could drag him closer. Watched as Dean grabbed his wrist, positioning the blade over his own heart. “I want you to remember this,” Dean said, hard-eyed. “This all happened because you took from
“I’m sorry.” Castiel replied, realizing the misstep too late. He had never gotten better at being tactful. “That’s very personal.”
There are humans here, the scent hidden under the smell of werewolf and smoke. They have nothing to fear here – wolves don’t attack their own pack. It’s even beneficial to include different species and stressors in an environment such as this to train their wolf sides into a more social, less homicidal mindset. Which is why a few vampires sharing a bonfire with a pack for a night is not beyond the pale.
He sighs at the ceiling, hands over his eyes so the whole world goes red pink through his palms. He's okay. Everyone's okay. Cas is okay, sitting close enough for the air between them to be noticeably warmer. When Dean's hands fall, one grazes the hem of Cas's coat where he's sitting up to accept Jack's hug. Like a heartbeat: okay, okay, okay.
"Great plan, love the enthusiasm," Dean manages to get out before his brain leaks out his ears, "but how about...?"
Cas gives him a look: fair. In normal circumstances, they'd probably both be described as extreme workaholics. As is, the fate of the world and life-or-death loyalty they both have turn everything up to eleven. Still, Dean tries to convey with a single look how important it is to him that Cas sit this one out. He's got no idea if it works, but he tries.
To prove it, he hooks two fingers over the knot of Cas's tie and tugs him into a kiss more like their first. Cas follows all too easily, but Dean keeps pulling to feel the give as Cas presses ever closer, humming into him. Dean doesn't kiss many people who wear ties, oddly enough, and it's actually all manner of hot to have Cas at his fingertips like this. Unfathomable power condensed in a human body and it all follows where Dean leads.
"Jack," Cas reprimands immediately, but the kid's already gone, soggy tennis shoes squelching as he continues, "Kelsey's on the way, we were gonna go to the mall, I'm all wet!"
"In terms of scale. A less charitable simile would be that you're like a bug," Cas continues blithely, "but bugs have different cultural connotations. A baby animal is far more flattering."
Hannah jolts to a stop, annoyed, and based on a cursory glance it's not winning him any favors with a couple other angels, but...
Cas doesn't bother to pull back more than it takes to say, "I'm aware," the sound conveniently contained by their bodies. He leads Dean further from the doorway until his back meets the door, the window's glass cool against his neck even through the ratty curtains. It takes a few tries, but eventually Dean gets his hands to stop trying to grope up under Cas's coat and push back enough to look Cas in the eye—just in time for him to remember he does not want to look Cas in the eye.
"I wish I had a camera to commemorate this precious moment," Sam says with an only-half-joking smile.
never opened, shut up. It's a paltry, lame collection barely worth the paper it's printed on and Dean would be devastated if anything happened to it, but when Cas started languishing in recovery, kitten weak and adorably pathetic, Dean practically threw it at him.
"Cas..." Dean breathes against his cheek, his ear, when Cas wanders to kiss down his neck. His kisses are as warm as the air around them is cool and Dean presses closer, more insistent. "Cas."
"I'm sure that given the right stimulus..." Cas starts, but Dean cuts him off before he has to think about that any deeper.
The sun was rising as they skimmed back across the top of Kansas, and though Dean tried so hard not to, he couldn't help his eyes darting across the car again and again. Cas was alive. That was good. Cas was alive and bundled into the passenger seat in Sam's hoodie, Dean's henley and jeans, which he'd exchanged his sludge stained suit for back at the lake house. He pulled that same coat over it all before curling up against the car window, hair orange then pink at the edges as the sun chased them silently home.
It's a near thing, but Dean manages to twist up and around Cas to the glove compartment without falling off the seat. Cheap napkins and loose tapes, waitresses' phone numbers and Sam's spare chargers: he could've sworn there was lube in here somewhere. The shit kind, but it's better than nothing, and he
When Cas wiggles a hand back to cover Dean's side reassuringly, Dean sighs something like a long, half-hearted groan that sets Jack off into quiet laughter. "Okay."
Fist around the other treasure from the front seat, Dean waits until the leather is settled on Cas's shoulders before saying, "Dropped this too."
"You can also be very irritating," is Cas's response, busy with his belt, but it's not any better when he follows it up with, "but I accept it as part of your charm. Your random bouts of enthusiasm are... nice."
Out of sight, Cas squeezes him. Dean tips forward until his forehead thunks against Cas's, safe in the midst of all these bodies. His eyes are open, deep blue where the shadow of his nose doesn't eclipse them, and for a second Dean lets himself fall, eyes slipping shut as the words fumble out: "You guys are the best. I love you."
Jack is the first to move, crying out Cas's name as his inattention severs the spell and the portal collapses in on itself. As he rushes around the table towards them, Cas props himself up over Dean, both their chests heaving as they lock eyes. The moment doesn't last, though, there and gone before Jack tackles Cas onto the open floor.
His cheeks flush extra when he accidentally glances over at Sam and Jack. He never told them exactly what happened when Cas died, but he suspects Jack knows more than he let on, having caught onto Dean's halting explanation for Cas's absence eerily quick, and he knows Sam figured out the reason Dean was going so off the rails in that first week of desperate, sober research. Dean hasn't said anything they didn't already know, if you don't count the depths of his self-loathing. The only person this is news to is Cas, and they all know that's the biggest deal.
They're all twisted up, their ankles wound together, and Dean is sliding sideways along the car when Cas pulls him back.
, before realizing he already has. Maybe it's a good thing: getting used to something takes time, the last thing they have. All they have is now. For once, though, and despite the odds, now is pretty good.
Jo has disappeared to raid Bobby's garage stash when Dean decides to correct her poor tutelage and teach Cas how to do real shots.
At the sound of footsteps, Dean's resolve breaks, spinning him like a top almost right into Cas's chest. Or, not really: Cas is still pretty far on the other side of the room, but it feels like they're nose to nose, the air is so charged.
As soon as his words catch up to him, he rushes out of one awkward truth straight into the arms of another, saying, "Just, when you said you'll do whatever to make sure everyone..." Dean neatly elides the adjective, "gets out alive tomorrow. Y'know. That includes you."
Instead he hightails it for the door with one last, "Seeya," taking refuge in the quiet of the hallway. He stays on his toes knowing the door is open and Cas can see him, slowing his steps to a normal, not at all panicked pace.
"I missed you too. I wish I..." He pauses, daring to look at Dean out of the corner of his eye. "Being human by your side would have been nice."
It's only when Dean's hand is a single twitch from Cas's dick, Cas's nose a centimeter from his, that he snaps out of that haze and remembers again what they're doing. Dean wants to deflect from how nervous he is. Because he's not nervous to fuck Cas, he is very excited and has no reservations about this, he tells himself. He's just...
Cas takes a step forward, then another. His hand raises an inch like he's going to reach out, but falls back to his side when Dean instinctively shifts his weight back to one leg.
Out on the back step, Dean pauses to make sure no one (read: Jo and Sam) tries to follow them or spy through the window or some shit. They definitely all know, or if they don't, they're gonna in a minute, soon as Jo drops another innuendo without him there to stop her. Dean probably should be more upset at that, but honestly he just thinks it's funny. The world's about to end, Lucifer walks the Earth, and Dean's friends still have time to make fun of him for getting laid.
Cas's finger twists at just the right angle to make Dean twitch against him, jolting a moan out of him that gets lost in Cas's shirt. God, Cas is still wearing his shirt, which should not be as hot as it is: and yet the sight of
"No, you—" Dean almost laughs around the heart in his throat, squeezing Cas's fingers on reflex. "Come on, man, you know the drill."
Dean still fully has his dick out, but he ducks in to kiss Cas's cheek with a laugh anyway. It's a little weird, something so chaste in the middle of debauchery, but it's nice. Dean doesn't have a lot of nice in his life these days.
"Oh." Cas perks up when Dean tugs the end of his tie in demonstration. His gaze then drifts down Dean's face and across his chest, which feels overwhelmingly bare in his t-shirt and unbuttoned shirt. "Yes, that's a better idea."
With the frantic swell of words in Dean's head finally stilled, Dean replays the last five minutes long enough to realize, "Can't believe you Han Solo'd me."
"I didn't think anything could," Cas replies with a faint vacancy that Dean knows well: the sound of resignation to a fate pulled from under his feet, the disorientation of going from hopelessness to a win without the time between to think
Cas blinks and blinks; Dean does not lean into the feeling of eyelashes brushing his cheek. "I see."
They don't start out thinking liver damage is the way to beat the Devil. It's just that, once Sam tries to skip out with an "Enjoy your hangovers" and Cas reveals that he could simply heal them all come morning, things get a little out of hand. Dean and Jo become the de facto leaders of morale, salvaging what's left of the mood the only way either of them know how: loud music, booze, and can-do attitudes.
(Also, Cas's coats are hanging on the back of the chair there, which makes Dean feel a different kind of proud.)
The kiss is quiet, neither daring to breathe while they still hold contact. Dean feels the phantom tingle on his own lips when Cas's part while leaving Dean's cheek, two points of contact bordering a tantalizing absence.
Face burning, Dean kept his gaze on the ground. Finally, when it was all contained again, Dean met Cas’ gaze. “Thanks,” Dean said, like it pained him to.
"He's, you know, understandably touchy about the whole thing." Charlie had assured him, after making sure he'd been serious about not telling another soul about Dean. "He just needs a little time to calm down. Man, you should've seen him the day he told
Daphne came forward from where she had paused at the doorway, and Dean finally had the time to really look at her. Loose curls of brown hair barely touched her shoulders, and her large hazel eyes gave her face a warm and open feel. She definitely looked the part of a stable and caring omega. “Krissy is upstairs in our guest room – I got her settled down. Well, as much as I can before Castiel comes back.” She smiled at him. “I’m sorry, we haven’t been properly introduced yet. I’m Daphne Allen.” Dean shook the offered hand.
Sipping his coffee, Castiel watched them both get ready and leave, raising a hand as they disappeared out to the car. Once he was done, he put the empty coffee cup next to the sink before going to get his own backpack and trenchcoat from the front hall. It was going to be a long day.
He found himself retracing his steps, following the curved hallway back to where he had started. The hole in the ceiling and the dirt on the floor had disappeared. Sam walked a bit further to make sure he hadn’t missed it, but all he saw was the same smooth grey walls and dim lighting, stretching relentlessly in both directions.
“No! Jess!" He could see her on the other side of the door through the thick reinforced window. Jess was mouthing something at him, but he couldn't make it out. "Open the door!” Sam yelled at the stranger, still by the door controls. When he didn’t move in response, Sam tried to reach past him, only to be blocked. “You bastard! The door! Let me-“
Balthazar lets out an indignant sound as he hits the floor, but rises easily and clutches at his chest. “Meg, help me out here!”
right now? My friends in the force are the best help you’re gonna get.” Dean turned to Gordon again. “Gordon, I swear to god, keep moving and I’ll put a bullet in
The woman looked up, but it was the man in the trenchcoat who shook his head and answered. “No, but Daphne and I have a room for this purpose. We should get her there immediately.” His voice was deep, rough and gravelly, not what Dean had expected.
“It’s not a bad thing sometimes, am I right?” Dev said from his perch. “Besides, you don’t have to be able to speak to be understood. It’s not at all unusual.”
It was the professor from Class Relations, staring straight at him. This night could not get better. When he had Castiel’s attention, he motioned to the door and put three fingers behind his ear, a sign Castiel couldn’t ignore. His stomach dropped at the sight, and before he could look away, Benny had turned around to spot the professor as well.
in on this before me?” Indignant, Dean almost scrubbed a hand over his face before remembering the cuts. At this point, he didn't even have the energy to be mad. He was starting to fade, fast. “What the fuck, dude.”
for your delicate sensibilities.” Bobby griped over the line, and Dean winced as he closed the door to his bedroom.
fucked. It had been easier before John had died in his accident, traveling across the States, where he could remain anonymous and never deal with the fallout from such quick hookups. Word got around a town like this, and since he planned on staying around for a while, it was not something he was too eager to do.
This room wasn’t as bright as the hallway, it only had one dim light hanging from the ceiling, but it was enough to see the girl, an omega now that he was close enough to scent her, huddling in a cage. The hair rose on the back of his neck when his eyes darted around the room. She was the only one in the room besides him, but there were more than a dozen other cages, empty and waiting, and the room was drenched in the smells of fear and desperation. He knew what this was, every omega did. It made Dean break out in a cold sweat just being in here.
“Why won't you tell us anything?” Dean could hear his frustration creeping into his voice. Castiel looked away.
Dean found himself driving to the KCI airport that afternoon, meeting a flight from the east coast, arriving a little after 3 pm. It was less than an hour drive, and Dean parked the police cruiser outside the airport doors. KCI was… a lot different than other city airports. There were three small terminals, each in the shape of a thin horseshoe, and every three to four gates were separated by glass walls with their own tiny security line. Dean stood right outside security for the correct gate and waited for the FBI agent to appear. Other people were waiting right alongside him, peering through the glass, and Dean shifted on his feet as the first few passengers trickled out.
“So this is where Bobby used to live before we all moved down to Lawrence a few years ago." Dean told Cas, dropping his arms. "He couldn’t bring himself to sell the thing, and he only uses it as a summer vacation type of place, so it’s a good place to lay low until we make a game plan.” Dean yawned and rubbed his eyes. “First thing’s first, though, I’m gonna find a bed and pass out.”
Screaming in pain, Castiel dropped the dagger, and Uriel lunged for his throat when he did. Castiel threw his other arm up just in time to protect his neck, and Uriel latched on to this arm instead, doing the same damage. Quick as he could, Castiel fumbled around for the dagger again, hitting the side with his fingers before getting in in hand, and he plunged it into the side of Uriel’s neck, slicing and twisting, feeling slick blood pour down his arms. Uriel eventually slowed, his jaws going limp around Castiel’s forearm, before collapsing on top of him.
“Nothing.” She replied. She twirled her keys around her fingers before pocketing them. “I’ll see you later, okay?”
It seemed, based on Raz, that Dean had kept his real, physical body, unlike his time in Hell. Raz hadn’t been a separate entity like she was here, which meant his body had come with him to Purgatory.
Gordon sidled up to the bars, so close he could lower his voice so Benny couldn’t overhear. “C’mon, Sam. You should’ve been wondering why the Old Hierarchy’s been dabbling in the black market, dealing with Red and such. Best way to set up a supply system without anyone being the wiser, and get people to take drugs without even asking what they are.”
Confused, Dean frowned until Charlie chewed on her lip and pointedly glanced back at Cas. Who had also been in that same bathroom earlier.
“Hey, stop that-“ Dean growls, and finally turns his eyes to Castiel. There’s a long drawn out moment when Dean recognizes him and stops dead in his tracks. “Uh-“
Castiel pointed at it. “It’s also called the Northern Cross. I know it as the Swan. See the bright star to the left? Straight up from the tall tree over there?” Dean made a sound of agreement. “That’s the tail, and the three other stars follow the Milky Way in a line. The two bright stars perpendicular to the second one are the wings.”
"We didn't know the Hierarchy would make such a bold move, and I had only the faintest suspicion about you at that point. Henrickson was one of my best agents; no family or friends to compromise him, but sometimes he was too nice for his own good. He wanted you to make the choice to cooperate with us on your own, but then one of my other operatives turned out to be working for the Hierarchy, and it was too late to make a different choice."
It was a testament to how used to clothing and this society’s nudity taboo he’d gotten that Castiel felt so naked now under Dean’s gaze.
Sam searched the house for any clues, but the only worrying thing he found were opened medical bills on the table, and Dean’s laptop, sitting patiently on his bed. Sam made his way back to the living room and collapsed on the couch, chest tight with the worry that had not left him in days.
Amanda straightened her hair and shirt, preparing to leave, but then turned back to him again. “Obviously, I’m not going to date an omega, so we’re done. You should really learn your place, Dean.” When she was gone, Dean took a couple moments to prepare himself. Then he stepped into the hall as well, his Dad’s leather jacket suddenly too big and ungainly on him.
Castiel looked into the room, past Dean. There was a bed, already made up, a poster still tacked on the far side of the wall. He passed Dean, making his way to the bed. “Who lived here with you, before?” Castiel asked, running his fingers over the plaid bedspread before he looked back at Dean. He was leaning in the doorway, arms crossed in front of him.
Dean ignored him to focus on the collar around his neck, finally unbuckling it and throwing it across the room.
Panicking, Castiel shifted back as well, running to her. “Amelia! What’s wrong? Is it-?” He couldn’t recall hearing that shifting was dangerous for pregnancies, but-. She pushed away his hovering hand from her stomach, shaking her head.
Cas's smile grows wider at the sight of Dean's, easily consumed by the fondness that's fit his face more and more over the years. Suddenly, the way he's slouched looks comfortable, his tousled hair a sign of sleep rather than wallowing. It's like just Dean's presence is enough to put everything in a better light—a reaction literally no one has ever had before.
When Sam wanders past ten minutes later to find where Dean went and gets an eyeful in answer, he redirects to nab the keys on Dean's desk. It wasn't much of a case anyway, and he has a sudden need for better headphones.
"You had waffles with whipped cream yet?" He starts to drag Cas backwards out of the room like they don't all know Cas can't be moved if he doesn't want to be. "You haven't lived til you've had a waffle with more whipped cream than batter."
Jack collides with force, still smelling of burnt sage and power. He fits neatly under both their arms, head on Cas's shoulder, and squeezes this side of too tight once he gets a grip on them.
It stops him as surely as a hand on his shoulder would have—and believe Dean, he would know. The words themselves (brilliant and confusing as they are) aren't even the worst of it. It's the way Cas says it: suddenly humorous. Like it's obvious, almost funny. Like the idea that Cas could mean that is a total joke. Of course Cas isn't in love with
"Hey." Dean hikes the box up between them, mostly to draw Cas's attention to it so they can get it out of the way. "One set of Enochian spellbooks, as ordered."
Before Sam can argue the point further (probably encourage him to embrace his emotions, "let it all out," like he's not fucking already doing that,
Dean snorts against his neck, dissolving back into real laughter when Cas flinches away from the feeling reflexively. Endorphins is right; he feels like he would float away right now, if not for Cas's arms around him. Angelkind makes some points too, though, as Cas pulls him closer and the sweat and cum gluing them together disappears. Is that the healing thing too? God's got a weird definition, if this is included. Heh. Sexual healing.
Dean nods once, jerky, and hops up on Baby's hood. Her metal is cool comfort beneath his thighs, the exact opposite of Cas's thigh against his when he joins them.
"I don't see how this is any more private than where we were," Cas says when they come to a stop around one of the last stacks of cars, sheltered from the house but not quite out in the literal weeds of the field out back.
This is the part Dean is good at: the shutting up and getting down and dirty. Not to brag, but he's really good at this: sex, but specifically taking care of other people. He doesn't get off 'til they do, and all that, which goes doubly for Cas giving up his Earthly virtue alongside his Heavenly one. Dude's not losing his virginity to just anyone, no sir. Dean is dedicated to making this good enough that Cas doesn't regret throwing himself on Lucifer's sword alongside the rest of them tomorrow.
It's like nothing Dean has ever felt before. They snap together on a cosmic level, atom fitting to atom, meshing perfectly into one being, one consciousness, whatever. Briefly, he thinks it might be like what Cas pulling him out of Hell felt like before forgetting again. Cas's arousal sits alongside his own like a living thing, twin desires pulsing in tandem, something raw skin pink he recognizes as his own and a blinding red-white flame that can only be Cas. Dean can't quite explain it; it's both physical like he could reach out and grab it and still so much more, every sense at once. Dean's is centered deep in his core, the same place he feels it physically, but Cas's is everywhere, filling every cell: in his head like a haze of smoke, in his hands like a twitch, in his stomach like a hunger. Dean is having an out of body experience; Dean had never been more in tune with his own body. He tastes stars.
It's an unseasonably warm November, which for Sioux Falls means normal cold instead of subarctic. Dean pops his collar one-handedly as a wind skirts around the piles of cars, pulling Cas closer instinctively with an elbow around his bare neck. He realizes belatedly that it's kind of stupid, but by then Cas is awkwardly setting his own arm across Dean's lower back and Dean's not gonna jeopardize that, so there they go.
Dean hooks his free elbow around his brother's neck as soon as he's close enough. It must be a big day: Sam doesn't even complain when Dean ruffles his hair, just wraps his mile long arms around as much of them as he can. They're a huge ball of limbs at this point, indistinguishable from within, but Dean squeezes them closer for a second to make sure.
It's definitely his best post-near-death-experience outburst by far, though he gets the feeling Cas'll only let him get away with it this one time. That's fine. He'd be more than happy to never have to go through this whole thing again. He's gotten all he wanted and more.
With Cas closer than necessary, hands to himself but body in the middle of the bench, Dean starts the car. He can feel Cas's eyes on him as real as the warmth of his body, tantalizingly close. He doesn't really need to, but he slings his arm across the back of the seat as he pulls out, fingers brushing Cas's far shoulder, just to see what happens.
"Sure." Dean lets himself watch his own fingers card softly through Cas's bedhead, not trying to commit the sight to memory but unable to do anything else. So focused on that, he lets slip, "But you could be. If you wanted."
"Are you laughing at me?" Cas asks between kisses. It's a little dance: Dean grazes an eyetooth across the corner of Cas's lip, Cas does the same back to him, he tries something else, etc. It's cute, as is the intense focus on Cas's face when Dean looks again, all intently furrowed eyebrows.
Dean stays lying there, savoring how the growing bruises on his ass are his only worry left. The physicality of it all—the grooves in the wood beneath him, the familiar sage-paper-dust smell of the bunker, the lingering impression of Cas's arms around him and his arms around Cas—is grounding. This is not the zero gravity un-ness of the Empty. This is Earth, where things have mass and texture and scent and weight. This is Earth and everyone is here.
"You called me 'buddy' while trying to confess your love to me," Cas says against his jaw before pulling back to level Dean with the same unimpressed look he's been giving him since the beginning. "I think we're even."
"Alright, cool." He manages half a step back on an awkward bounce. "I'll let you know when we'll be home."
"Standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona," he shout-sings over the radio, the sharp thrill of all that attention singing even louder in his veins.
His smile now is gentle as he reaches up so quietly, so slow that Dean thinks he might not know he's doing it, just as much as Dean doesn't know what "it" is.
Cas takes a moment to really absorb that, an oh so familiar wrinkle appearing between his eyes. That wrinkle evaporates when Dean drops his hand. It's almost too bad: it's a cute look on him. Or, it's a very Cas look, which makes it cute by default.
After changing out of his car washing outfit (though a small part of him is foaming at the mouth imagining showing Cas the shorts), Dean drums a little ditty on the doorframe before poking his head into Cas's room. He'd never admit it, but he always does the same pattern, hoping Cas'll subconsciously associate it with him. "Hey."
"It's not the worst thing I would forgive you." Cas drops the arm still around his shoulder and pulls back to look at Dean with his big tragic eyes, too earnest to look at directly and yet impossible to ignore. It's an unbearable expression on a good day, but here, like this, way too fucking close, Dean has to duck it, studying their shoes.
praying, but hoping fiercely) that he doesn't sound as eager as he feels. It's hard when Cas is somehow both all over him, hands proceeding like prairie fire, and utterly too far away. "Right. Cool."
"I'm fine, I just..." He takes a better breath and drags a hand down his face, remembering what he was going to say. "Man, I really missed you."
“Did she tell you they think the barman was in on it to? She has the place under surveillance, hopefully he’ll do something to incriminate himself soon.”
“Why do you think I’d want to go back to how things were?” Cas looked into those emerald eyes solemnly. “My life before the accident wasn’t a life. You saved me Dean.”
“Sam, I know my brother better than you, when something is wrong he doesn’t ask people for help, he just hides away.”
“Well, according to Gabriel, Cas rang the office one day and Garth told him that you weren’t working that day. That you’d reduced your hours a while ago, but you hadn’t been coming home.”
“I can’t do it alone.” Cas sighed. “And I don’t want Dean to… you’ve seen me at my worst, I… I’m not ready for Dean to see that.”
Cas tried to join in at dinner, he tried his best to dig in to the food, Eileen was a great cook after all. But despite the glorious taste, the more he ate the more overwhelming the nausea became. After a while he stopped talking and started pushing his food around a plate. He was absolutely knackered.
“Of course, Cas. I hadn’t intended to load it all on you in one go. We’ll just be outside if you want us.” Gabriel said, planting a kiss on Cas’ head gently. “Get some rest baby bro.”
“Sounds like an admission of guilt.” Sam furrowed his brow. When he’d seen Gabriel at the apartment he’d been certain there was more to his. But apparently Cas had resigned at the DOD, all his stuff was gone from the apartment and he was living was his brother in Atlanta. It all seemed pretty clear cut. Cas had upped and left, probably to be with his new man, leaving Dean to suffer alone.
“So, Dean thought I was cheating on him because of the phone call, they found out I was ill from my old job and Sam doesn’t think Dean was cheating on me?”
“I… I’m not sure I want to see him.” Cas said sadly. “What if he was cheating on me, I… I don’t think I could take it, not on top of everything else.”
Cas looked at him with a frown and then started to feel very weird. He felt tired. So very tired all of a sudden. His head started spinning. Shit, he wasn’t supposed to have his painkillers with alcohol… had he had any today? He didn’t usually take them, but today he’d been struggling. He couldn’t remember if he’d taken any… As a matter of fact he was having a hard time remembering anything at all. His head felt fuzzy and disconnected. Something was wrong.
Bobby would have given it to Dean, Cas knew, if he didn’t need the money to pay off his mortgage, pay for his medical care and have enough to move to Australia to enjoy his least years in the sun.
“Cas has been forgetting to eat, or too busy, then he got sick and couldn’t eat. Me and Eileen had to intervene and get him to admit it. Then I had to make him take the week off work and take him to the Doctor’s for a check-up, because he wouldn’t have done himself. He’s just kept working himself into the ground. You know what he’s like Dean and you are the one who usually stops him going along this road. Let me just ask you this Dean, if you haven’t seen him in 3 weeks, who the hell do you think would be looking out for him?”
Sam fell silent for a minute. He realised he’d switched sides in this whole thing with a snap of his fingers. Only weeks ago, he was tearing his brother a new one for neglecting Cas and here he’d been defending Dean, neglecting Cas,
“I am… I just got off the phone with my boss. I explained the situation and he’s been, well he’s been great. They are getting me leave and I will still have a position if I get better. They just want me to work the week out till they can get a stand in.”
“What’s low is your brother not coming home most nights, saying he’s working late when he’s actually reduced his hours, then getting you to deliver the fucking divorce papers with no explanation. Cas was fucking heartbroken!”
“It’s worth a shot, but I imagine the… the people at the bar took all his valuables. But I never checked, so he may still have it.”
“Whatever.” Gabriel rolled his eyes. How Balthazar could be so cheerful even with this going on, he would never understand, and it was starting to great on him. As he stepped outside he breathed in the fresh air, but the worry didn’t melt away in the slightest. He turned on his phone for a distraction and groaned when he saw the 5 missed calls from none other than Sam Winchester. This couldn’t be good and he doubted strongly that he was supposed to be talking to him so close to the settlement healing.
“What is it?” Gabriel asked in panic, reading the doctors expression like a book. He’d seen it so many times. “What’s wrong with my brother.”
Dean was on cloud nine. He’d finally done it. He was the owner and manager of his own business. It was a complete turn-around from two months ago. When Bobby Singer, who ran the car dealership and garage where Dean had worked as a mechanic, decided to retire and sell up, the main candidate for the sale was a redeveloper who wanted to level it and build luxury apartments. They’d all been about to lose their jobs before Dean had a crazy idea.
“I broke up with Castiel.” The line was silent save the sound of chatter in the background. “He cheated on me. Can I stay with you please?”
Dean blushed bright red and moved off Cas’ bed, to his husband’s fond chuckle as the honey blond stepped into the room, arms folded and wearing a frown.
Dean is not supposed to be the bad guy in this chapter... It's more Cas been utterly useless at communicating and Jody certainly makes an error of judgement in this situation. Sorry guys but this is about to be pretty heart wrenching.
Cas stepped out of the bathroom of the luxury apartment in Atlanta his brother had rented. He was only wearing a white bath robe and gently rubbing a towel through his messy wet hair.
“I found him outside O’Malley’s.” Jody said sadly. “I think someone had spiked his drink. He didn’t say much, but it was obvious from the marks on him that he’d... what had happened. He asked me to take him home to you, he was terrified.”
There's nothing graphic in this, just the aftermath for anyone who was worried. Jody has a real difficult situation on her hands.
“Is everything alright in here?” One of them asked, then noticed the phone. “You can’t use that in here I’m afraid Sir.”
Cas saw Gabriel nod in the corner of his eye as he buried himself into Dean and clung on for dear life. “Whether I consented or not, it changes nothing, I was unfaithful Dean…” Cas sobbed.
“A tall order, but achievable. Who are we up against?” The bearded man had a British accent, smooth as silk.
“What are you on about?” Dean asked, confused at the anger directed towards him. “Come in and sit down, I think I’m missing something here.”
“Dean.” Cas sighed contentedly, but then tears started welling in his eyes as it all came flooding back. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” He sniffed, turning his head away and trying to bury his face in the pillow. But a gentle hand on his chin turned his head back to face his fiancé… if they still were together. Cas wasn’t so sure anymore.
Cas knew the fact that he was the high earner and the one paying for Dean’s dream made his husband feel insecure. Dean was very much the stereotype of manly, it had taken him so long to admit he was Bi Cas had almost given up waiting. He would be forever grateful that he hadn’t.
“Thank God.” Sam could hear the emotion in Gabriel’s voice. He’d been through hell, Cas had been through hell and all of this was just the biggest mess up he’d ever heard of.
“We’ll go home Cas, soon but we’re going to the hospital first.” Cas tensed in Dean’s arms. “Don’t worry I’m coming with you, I’m not leaving you, not for a second.”
Maybe Dean would have better luck getting him to come to his senses. Dean had some sort of power over Cas and visa versa that no one else could achieve. They’d do nearly anything the other said. Hopefully that would mean Dean could get him to go to the hospital, get treated and most importantly give evidence.
Dean smiled whole-heartedly. “You will Cas. We will. And when things get rough, because they will, I’ll remind you of this moment.”
He knew he looked like crap when Sam knocked at the door, but his friend didn’t say anything and he appreciated it. He’d seen the vein start pulsing in Sam’s throat when he’d made Cas confess that Dean hadn’t come home that night, but again, Sam didn’t do anything just yet.
Finally, after a month Cas was confident enough in the books that they could afford to hire a few more hands to help with the running of things and take the workload off Dean.
Cas apologised for everything and although Sam found his friend adorable for it, it also saddened him greatly. He knew it was a remnant of the family and the past he rarely talked about. That guy had been through hell.
He knew that smarmy British voice. It was that douche Balthazar. Cas’ so called best friend. He’d always been convinced that guy had been trying to get into Cas’ pants. They were far too close to be just good friends.
Cas’ eyebrows raised in alarm. “And now what?” He said challengingly. “Dean if this is because you think you are not worth it…”
Stanford was how they’d all met. Sam and Cas had met in the library while Sam was studying for his exams and Cas working on his thesis, being a few years ahead and into his PhD. It hadn’t taken long to be introduced to older brother Dean. Cas had been smitten with him from the off, but Dean had played his feelings out into hostility, which made their relationship difficult for the first few weeks. It hadn’t taken long for Cas and Dean to have a far more profound bond than Cas did with Sam, but it wasn’t until after he had finished his Phd that Dean had finally made the move.
“You did what you thought was right against a stubborn frightened man, who is our family. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
When Benny and the lads asked him out for a beer after their shift he went. But he didn’t call Cas along like he used to before. Guy was so whacked he’d just say no anyway. He was probably already asleep. Dean was doing him a favour.
Don’t get me wrong, not everything was perfect, nothing ever is, but as far as life went for Dean and Cas, it didn’t get much better than this.
The cold wasn’t a comfort anymore. The sun had set long ago and the dark and the cold of the night had sucked him away from his pain and his torment. It had been nice at first. He certainly hadn’t expected to wake up, but something gentle, something warm and soft, yet a little rough at the same time brushed repeatedly across his cheek pulled him out of the dark.
“That’s my boy. Now let’s see those gorgeous eyes of yours, don’t let them close.” Dean said lifting Cas’ chin so they were staring at each other’s faces.
“Yeah, I swung by you apartment to ask you both to dinner on Sunday, at 6. Cas said, he’s fine, but he looks exhausted.” Sam probed, wondering what response he was going to get.
“Well, if you’re lucky someone might give you a massage to make it better.” Cas said with a wry smile, pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips, chests separated by the box Cas was holding. Dean hummed into Cas’ mouth and deepened the kiss.
“Breathing sounds fine. I’ll prescribe you some antivirals, your symptoms are fairly obvious. Make sure you are eating and drinking enough and come back if it continues for more than a week.”
“Well, no... want is a strong word, but I think I need this Cas, and I think you need it to and I’m willing to do it if it means I can be better for you.”
Gabriel knew what they were talking about. He couldn’t hear much of the conversation, but he knew what they were asking of him and he could see the fear in his little brother’s face through the glass in the door. Dean was trying, Gabriel knew that, and he was the best person to offer Cas comfort right now, but Gabriel, despite knowing it wasn’t Dean’s fault was still angry at the guy. Ok, maybe it wasn’t Dean he was really angry with, but without the real villains to focus on he had to be angry at something or he’d explode.
“What I don’t get is that if Dean wasn’t cheating on me, why didn’t he come home for weeks? I still don’t understand, it still explains nothing.” Cas pulled at his thinning hair in frustration and Gabriel quickly guided his hand away.
“Had a bit of help.” Dean said with a smile as Sam and Eileen stepped into sight, Sam carrying a box in his arms.
Sam was ringing again. He knew the kid never gave up so decided it was best to answer and get it over with.
“I know, that’s not really what I meant it’s just… I need a light at the end of the tunnel Dean and you’re my light. It’s hard Dean, it’s hard to get out of bed remembering what happened because I know I am safe here, with you… but I might not be out there…”
Jody had searched the house top to bottom, but as expected Cas wasn’t there. She’d asked all the neighbours to call her if they saw him come back, and since then they had been driving for hours, checking bars, motels, taxicab and bus stations.
He had worried at first that Gabriel being there would have made it worse, but he’d been very right when he’d said he needed his brother. Gabriel somehow always knew what Cas needed and right now it wasn’t words, it was just gentle comfort. If Gabriel hadn’t been there, he’s have told them to stop 5 minutes in. But his big brother kept him just on the right edge of sane.
Cas’ job payed well, very well, even as a junior in the department. But with the mortgage repayments they were scraping for every cent and had moved into a smaller apartment a few weeks ago.
“Are you in the garage? Why are you in the garage?” Dean didn’t work as a mechanic, not now he was manager, so he should have no reason to be in the garage.
“I love you Dean.” Cas said as the medics quickly approached, following closely behind a worried Sam.
Dean knew Cas’ job was tough, he could see it in his features every time he got home from work. It was long hours, stressful and he was relatively new so was in a constant battle to prove himself. The worst thing was he couldn’t talk about it. Cas was far too good at bottling stuff up and worked harder than anyone he knew.
Ok, so the final chapter of this journey... But Subscribe if you want to see more because once I've finished all my other fics there may well be both prequels and sequels to this story to come.
“Hey Cas!” Eileen smiled as she opened the door, taking the bottle of wine from him and looking around curiously. “Dean not with you?” She asked. “He better not be hiding again to make me jump.” Cas shook his head and signed back
“Are you Sick Cas. Have you been eating properly?” Eileen interjected. Sam was trying to be sensitive, but Eileen knew they needed to be direct.
“Morning Cas.” Dean said softly, moving back a little to give him some space. Sam sat up straight in his chair and Gabriel hurried round to the other side of the bed.
“Eileen.” Sam warned, he usually oved his fiancé’s no-nonsense approach, but Cas was prone to shutting down when he felt threatened. “Cas, come on, we’re your family you can talk to us.”
When he’d hired a few hands to pick up the extra work, Dean realised he could finally go back to normal hours. He could go home… Or, he could do the thing he’d been missing all this time. His old job. He could come in earlier, help the guys out and then pop down again until close up.
“I overheard him on the phone. He said he loved them. Then he lied to me. To my face. They are going away together this weekend.”
“I just… I know I have you and Zar, but Dean… he was my world Gabriel, I would do anything for him. I’d go back to him right now if he asked me to. I know you think I’m stupid for that, but you don’t know what its like, not being wanted, not being loved by the person you love most in the world.”
“I love you too angel.” Dean smiled, moving aside to let the paramedics have access, while he slid Cas’ hand into his so they wouldn’t lose contact.
“My baby brother’s stronger than the lot of us. I know he will.” Gabriel huffed. He knew Cas would, but he wasn’t sure he wanted him to. Yes, he wanted the evil sons of bitches to rot in prison for the rest of their lives, but Cas came first and he didn’t want him to go through any more than he already had. “I’m his big brother Sam, I was supposed to protect him.”
“Pathetic?” Cass huffed. “So, I should just renounce God and let you fuck me already? Are you sure it’s me who doesn’t truly love you?”
Jody frowned again, face creasing in worry. Then as Cas’ had lolled back his neck exposed, she saw something that made the whole thing make sense. His neck was littered with red marks that she recognised all too well. Small bruised marked his neck, love bites, and she knew for certain that Dean hadn’t given them to him.
Regardless of his suspicion Cas leant into the warmth, nestling his head into Dean’s chest. He was so cold, so tired, so alone that he couldn’t resist. It felt good even though he knew it wasn’t real and he realised they weren’t alone. He could see the worried faces of Gabriel, his beloved brother, of Sam and Jody. They looked real, this all felt real, but if it was he still didn’t understand what was happening or why they were here.
“Ok, stay on the line Dean, I’m in the car on the way to Cas’ right now. Go find Sam then put me on so I can explain to him.”
“Dinner, last weekend. The one you said you’d be at. He was wearing that T-shirt that Charlie bought him for Christmas.”
As he struggled to open his eyes the freezing air of the night seeped into his wet clothes and he gasped in shock. He was cold. So very cold and tired. It was like the ice had got inside him and frozen him to his core. The warm hands that were framing his face burnt his numb and sensitive skin. Everything hurt down to his bones, but the outline above him made it all worthwhile.
“I… Yes, I think so.” Gabriel said shakily. Dean growled, but not at the older Novak, it wasn’t his fault.
“Hang on Gabriel actually that letter….” Sam called after the honey blonde as he got into the elevator and pressed the button for the ground floor.
“On the scene of the disturbance at O’Malley’s. I have a suspected rape victim, but he’s a friend and refusing an ambulance. I’m going to take him home, see if we can’t talk some sense into him.”
“Pie, for breakfast is not gross, its perfect.” Dean protested. “No eating out, no pie, no bacon. If I didn’t know you loved me I would think you were trying to kill me.”
“Yeah, you didn’t know?” She asked in surprise. “His last shift here, he looked horrible all morning and then he just spaced out while this asshole customer was yelling at him and he collapsed. He wouldn’t wake up, I had to call an ambulance. Then a couple of days later his brother called and said he was seriously ill and had to resign.” She explained, wide eyed.
“I’m not sure. But I do know that only we could manage a fuck up of this scale.” Cas chuckled and then winced with a hiss as Dean squeezed him in a tight hug. Dean sprung back in an instant, muttering frantic apologies.
“Oh Cas…” Dean reached out tentatively then withdrew his hand remembering… Cas might not want to be touched and he was hardly in a state to give his consent. But then the blue eyes flicked towards him, grasping him in a scared and icy stare.
It was a good place to rest. The best, he smiled as he settled down and waited for fate to decide whether he should live or die. Either way he knew his life was over and he was going to hell. He had allowed himself to be defiled after all, like the abomination he was. If he was already going to hell maybe suicide wasn’t such a bad idea, he mused. I mean, once you’re damned to hell you can’t damn yourself more, right? Besides, he’d nearly ended up trying it once before so surely, he’d been damned all along. At the time he’d promised himself he’s never do that to Gabriel again, but now Gabriel probably hated him too, wanted rid of him even.
“Not the garage Cas, you said it, that doesn’t matter. I meant us. I lost you and I can’t live without you Cas, I need to know if there is a way we can fix us.”
Cas sighed and gripped his nose. He supposed he could take longer hours at the gas station and work on a Sunday as well, that would make up the deficit. He knew how hard Dean was working and how stressed he was. This was his dream and Cas wasn’t going to add any misery into this.
“See, stop worrying.” Dean said, clearly in a rush to get off the phone. There was the sound of whirring machinery in background.
“You’re puling over already?” Sam smiled wryly. Dean usually drove for hours, but they were pulling into the gas and sip not 15minutes from Sam’s house.
“It’s fine. I need to do this alone” Cas said quietly, but at this stage, she wasn’t sure he was ever going to find the courage to get out the car and go up to the front door.
He thought it would be too far, but somehow he’d made it. It was as though his legs had known they were making their final trip. He didn’t believe in suicide… it was after all a carnal sin, but was it suicide if he just stopped trying? He just didn’t have the strength anymore. He would leave it to God whether or not he died, he would do nothing to encourage it either way. He remembered that the night had been forecast cold weather and more rainfall. But this place, his favourite place, with the trees and meadows, wild flowers and honey bees all dancing around the edge of the small pond, it looked equally as beautiful in the rain as it did the sun.
“Noted Sherriff. I’ll send forensics to the scene and some officers to see what evidence we can collect.”
‘Thank God’ Jody sighed to herself. That was a small mercy at least. “Dean, Cas didn’t cheat on you he was raped.” Jody blurted out.
“I always cook, Dean. Though it’s usually for myself since you live on take out, which you can’t do anymore by the way, it’s too expensive.”
“Sure.” Sam smiled wryly. “Anyway... I just approached Cas to ask whether he would like to see a therapist, to talk to someone about what happened who isn’t family and can help him work through it.”
“Just need to catch up on some sleep.” Cas admitted, but he was thinking maybe he wasn’t quite well enough to come back to work yet.
"Dean... You're not ok either, you know that and I think it will help Cas if he knows you're going through it to.
Cas had met Charlie after she’d tried to hack into the NSA and Sam had got her off the charges. He wasn’t sure how Sam had swung it, but she’d ended up a little sister to Dean and Sam and Cas too. Kevin was Charlie’s best friend, still a Kid, but already a genius. An advanced placement with perfect score. They really were the most unlikely family, especially when you threw Dean in the mix. They were essentially a bunch of nerds if you discounted green eyed mechanic.
“I know Cas and I am so sorry. I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I need to know if there is any way we can fix this?”
“Would it not just be easier to do a transplant?” Gabriel asked. “Then he’d be straight back on his feet?”
“That’s ok Mr. Novak. Nobody really listens to that rule anyway. I would advise in you condition that you really should be avoiding stress at all costs. Your weight and blood test results are alarming.”
“Hello, Mr. Novak, nice to see you looking better.” Cas had gotten to know his doctor well over the past weeks of his treatment, but he’d never seen him smile so genuinely.
Cas had gone back to work after a few days of rest. But he wasn’t feeling any better. In fact, he was feeling worse and he was running out of sick days.
“It doesn’t… me touching you, its ok right? After what happened, you’d tell me if you weren’t comfortable wouldn’t you?”
“It’s fine Dean. I know how much you wanted this and if the sales figures are as good as you think they’ll be, then it won’t be for long.”
“Dean…” Gabriel’s face sent a surging feeling of worry and nausea into the pit of Dean’s stomach. “He really needs you.”
“Well, here’s the final box… had to leave you something to do. We’ll leave you both to it. Happy new home Cas.” Sam smiled, pushing the box towards Dean.
“Yeah, no…” Dean stuttered. “It doesn’t matter. I’m busy Monday.” Dean started backing towards the door.
“Cas? Are you alright?” A familiar concerned voice broke through, but he couldn’t focus on it. He felt like he was sinking.
“I talked to Cas, Dean, the other day. I don’t want to sound like I’m stepping on your toes, you are doing a wonderful job of supporting Cas, he wouldn’t be able to cope without you, but that doesn’t mean he’s magically alright.”
“You were amazing Cas and now you are broken! You can’t expect me to believe that this is worth all of that.”
“He thinks you were cheating on him. He thinks the reason you filed for divorce was because you didn’t want to be with him anymore, because you’d found someone else.”
Sam sighed. “I will fight for you Dean, but I know people, good divorce lawyers who will crush Bela.”
“Shhh. It’s ok sweetheart, I know, I know you didn’t.” Dean soothed, pulling the blanket tighter around the desperate man and rocking him gently.
“I’ll talk to the doctor soon, but I… if its ok, I’d like you to talk to Jody. You need to decide what you want to do about… what happened.”
Cas hadn’t thought this through. He had barely walked for 5 minutes before he felt the pain in his back flaring up and the weakness spreading through his legs. But he wasn’t going to call Dean for help. He wasn’t going to call anyone. He was angry with himself and crushed in a way he had never felt before. He thought Dean hadn’t minded his injuries, hadn’t minded helping him when he was having a bad day, but obviously he’d been wrong. Of course Dean minded. Cas had been naïve to think he wouldn’t be a burden, and of course Dean was angry about the fact he refused to have sex until they married. He deserved a reward for his patience, because God knew that Cas didn’t have anything else to offer Dean but what was left of his crippled body. He struggled to work from his injury, Dean paid all the bills, bought the house, Cas had contributed nothing. He hadn’t even finished college and meanwhile Sam was a lawyer, Kevin was researching for his doctorate and he was just another failed college athlete.
By the time Dean had come home late the next evening, Cas didn’t feel like telling him about being sick, he looked too tired and stressed. Cas cooked that night for Dean, but despite the doctor’s orders he still couldn’t force himself to eat, the nausea was overwhelming. Instead of even trying to sleep Cas lay awake watching his husband sleep. That’s when he noticed a few things. Dean didn’t even lie close to him anymore, he stayed at the edge of the bed, leaving a cold and empty gap between them. Dean had always been a clingy sleeper, but now there wasn’t so much as a word or a hair ruffle when he got in or out of bed with Cas.
He pulled his clothing back into place with shaking fingers, tears sliding down his cheeks. It took all his strength. He didn’t know if he could stand. He had never felt so exhausted in his life, or so ashamed. After all this time, saving himself for Dean, now he was ruined, defiled. Dean would never want him after this. No one would. He didn’t even have the strength to sob.
“I don’t know.” Sam answered honestly. “I knew he’d been working late, but I didn’t… Look, Gabe, let me talk to him, see if we can’t get this straightened up, because my brother adores Cas I know he wouldn’t be cheating on him.”
“Of course, Angel.” Dean smiled, wiping the tears from his face. “Could you try to eat something for me?”
“Why do you think I buy Clothes for Cas? He never buys clothes, he wears the same thing the whole damn time.”
Cas looked a little worried. “Gabe?” Why did they need the doctor to tell him, what had they done, taken out the wrong kidney or something? Removed his leg by mistake? No, he still had both legs, he checked quickly, that was ok at least.
“Well you came in with hypothermia, but the doctors said your core body temperature is back to normal. How do you feel?”
“Why is it taking so long.” He growled, passing Sam, who was sat reading, for the umpteenth time in the two hours that had passed. “And how are you staying so goddamn calm!”
“But we put everything into it Cas, all your savings, the mortgage… I didn’t want you to be disappointed in me. You are smart, you are beautiful, you are kind and funny and endlessly generous. You put everything on the line for me again and again… you gave me my dream, everything I could ever want and couldn’t even be happy.”
“Apparently renal failure runs in my family, and it can lead to renal cancer. Both my kidneys were affected, one severely. It progressed a lot before we caught it. I knew I was ill, but Sam took me to the doctor who just thought it was flu and prescribed me antivirals.”
“Let me finish Bobby, it’s hard enough…” Jody choked back a sob remembering the state she had found Cas in and the heart-breaking look in his eyes. “Dean and Cas had, had a fight. Cas walked out and I don’t know how he ended up there, but… someone in O’Malley’s spiked his drink and…” Jody took a shaky breath. “They raped him Bobby.”
“Cas, just hear me out and please be honest. Charlie pointed out your t-shirt. That was too small at Christmas and now…”
Dean took a breath and let himself think rationally. “How about this… You ask for what you want, and I’ll ask permission before I touch you in any way. Neither of us assumes anything and don’t you think for a second that me being cautious around you means I don’t want to touch you, because that couldn’t be futher from the truth. I want to hold you and never let you go again Cas, I want to take you home and never let anything hurt you again.”
“Oh great, I’ll go to the pet shelter and pick up a Cat, then.” Cas grabbed the keys to the Ismpala out of Dean’s hand and mockingly started to march towards the door.
Dean fell to his knees and covered his face. His heart fluttered painfully as he realised what Cas had meant when he’d begged for forgiveness, what that broken and desperate look in his eyes had meant. Of course, Cas hadn’t cheated on him! How on earth could he have ever thought that?
“Cas honey, you can’t work seven days a week!” Dean raised his eyebrow. Cas’ job was long hours and tough work as it was and he knew his partners affinity for completely overworking himself.
Cas had grown up friends with the Winchesters, they were an unlikely group. The Winchesters were popular and well liked, Cas withdrawn and awkward. His family were deeply Christian, Catholic more specifically which made them deeply homophobic. They had known of Cas’… disposition since he was 13 and they had practically placed him on house arrest because of it. No Son of theirs would have relations with men.
“Cas…” Dean started, then paused to think through his words. He knew all too well about his own incredible ability to put his foot in his mouth. “Yes, I’m struggling too, I’ll admit that, but I don’t want you to worry about me. We’ll go to see Pam together and that will help, but if you really want to know what worries the most…”
“Stupid, no. But I don’t think you get it Sam, if Cas and Dean just broke up, then Cassie… I don’t even want to think what headspace he could be in right now.”
“Not ill Sam, just tired. Today’s the hard one with my shifts.” He lied. Every day was the hard day. “Just came home for a nap, I’m back in at 1pm.”
Bearing in mind I want to keep it open for a potential sequel what do you want to see in the final chapter?
Cas picked up the phone to call Dean’s cell, but fear made him change his mind. He was sure Dean had a good reason. He sent a text instead. ‘Hope you’re ok.’
“Dean I don’t understand.” Cas said, struggling to sit up with the ache in his stomach and the cloud of sleep still hanging low over him.
“It appears to be very aggressive and progressing quickly. You are showing all the symptoms of kidney failure, though it appears that this has preceded the cancer by some time and may even have triggered it.”
“Yes, Dean I do.” He nodded solemnly. “Not right away. But I think we should set a date, maybe next year so we have plenty of time. But I would like to start planning, I need something… I need something to work towards, to look forward to. I want to get better, I want to be better by our wedding.”
“He really wowed at interview and well, he’s a really nice guy. But he wanted a higher salary, Grandmother’s in hospital, cancer, so I thought it wasn’t a lot different.”
He got out his old spreadsheet and modified that with the new sales and salaries and stared at the numbers.
Gabriel sighed. This was awkward. “I can’t tell you Sam. Because Cas doesn’t want either of you to know and I promised.”
“Dean where are we going?” Cas asked looking out the window. They were headed in the complete opposite direction to the apartment they’d been renting the past few months since Cas had gotten the all clear and Cas was tired. After months of having his body attacked by poisonous chemicals, he still got tired quite easily, but it wasn’t so bad now.
“I know you will.” He said more seriously. “But you’re going to have to put up with overprotective older brother syndrome until I work it out of my system.”
“No, no its not… they, they ruined everything Dean, they ruined me… I, I’m disgusting.” Cas voice broke, but he wasn’t finished. “I waited and waited for you and I know you hated waiting and now they took that away and I…” He buried his face in Dean’s shoulder, unable to say anymore.
“What you say about me being your light… when I rejected you, when I thought you’d had an affair and I told you to leave, what you did Cas… you wouldn’t have done that if you were 100% sane, if you were 100% ok. You could have gone to Charlie’s… anywhere but you just went to you're favourite place and lay down in the open, knowing how cold it would get at night. It was like, like you wanted to die. Did you?” Dean's voice cracked, his eyes dangerously full.
Dean smiled. “Yes her. She’s a therapist Cas and I was wondering if you wanted to try going to see her. I could come if you want, or you could go on your own, but I think I’m going to go see her myself anyway, work out my anger against the demons who did this to you.”
“No, everything’s ok baby bro, its just better you hear it from an expert rather than two idiots like us.”
‘I love you’ He’d said. He called them Babe, they’d called him baby. And they were having a weekend away together. Dean sat down heavily, waves of shock rolling over him.
“I know you will Sam, thank you.” Dean smiled broadly. Cas could have no one better fighting his case if he wasn't family, the fact that he was only meant Sam would fight more fiercely than he ever had done for any client.
“Back to work.” Dean sounded angry, slamming the door hard. Cas was left alone. The silence was deafening. He had no idea what that had all been about but he felt the tears pricking in his eyes.
“Yeah, I know, I’ve been wearing myself a bit thin and got the flu. I’m going to go home and rest till I’m recovered. Can I go now?”
“No Cas.” Dean said sternly, and Cas flinched. There was a beat of silence were everyone stared and said nothing, before Dean spoke again. “There is nothing wrong with you. This isn’t your fault and I could never not love you Castiel. I will always want you.” He said firmly, leaving no room for argument. Dean continued to rub circles into Cas’ chest and he only just noticed that it was making him feel warmer, that his body started to shake uncontrollably as his teeth chattered violently.
“I think Cassie’s summary proved it really wasn’t that complicated and certainly did not require such a long-winded explanation!”
“That may well be the case Dean. Its probably completely overwhelming for him at times. Again, I don’t mean to criticise, but the way we are constantly fussing over him, asking if he’s ok,  it probably only keeps reminding him of the reasons he shouldn’t be. He's trying really hard to move on from this, I can tell and he’s doing really well, but if you noticed he’s much more relaxed around Gabriel and I think that’s because Gabriel doesn’t treat him any differently than he did before.”
“Are you feeling better? Sam said you had the flu. Baby, you look awful.” Dean said, taking in his husband’s appearance for the first time in a long time and it was true. Cas was thin and pale he looked exhausted.
“Shame.” The man said, but Cas could barely catch the words, he felt detached from his body like he was floating. “Because they really are eager to meet you.”
When Cas came around he was cold and dirty and alone. Day had turned into night. Draped in the side alley, discarded like rubbish, every fibre of his being ached. But there was one place that ached more than all others, somewhere that should never hurt like that. As dribs and drabs of memory bled back into his mind he felt sick. And then he was, violently, all over the concrete.
Sam’s voice was cut off by a bit of static over the line. “Give me the phone Sammy!” Dean demanded, snatching it off his brother. “Cas, why on earth didn’t you tell me you were sick!” Dean shouted a little too angrily and Gabriel saw his brother curl up a bit in his hospital bed moving closer to try and hear the conversation. The anger in Dean’s voice made the line clearer in Cas’ head. Dean was mad at him. Dean didn’t love him anymore. Cas was just an inconvenience to him.
“No, it’s not." Sam agreed. "That’s why he needs to see Pam. I’m sure she’ll help you both make sense of this.”
Gabriel had dropped Cas off at the door, but Dean hadn’t been in. He’d gone out to get cake to say sorry and pamper the heck out of his poor Cas when he got back, but of course, neither of them knew that. All Cas knew that Dean wasn’t there, but that was nothing new lately.
It had been two years since the accident. The accident that destroyed his old life and simultaneously created a new one, a better one.
It had been a long 12months, 3 of which he’d spent in the hospital. Since the day Dean had found him in the hospital it hadn’t been straight back to normal. Neither of them could forget what had happened, yes, it had been one huge misunderstanding, but the boat had been shaken and things like that don’t mend overnight.
“Hey dumbfuck, cigarettes now.” The an tapped the desk aggressively and Cas took a deep breath as he tried to regain his concentration.
Sam couldn’t believe it when Dean had told him, and he was nearly as angry and heartbroken as his brother. Cas was his best friend. He felt betrayed, angry, sick… but it didn’t matter what he felt right now because Dean needed him. He had never seen his brother so broken, not even after Lisa. Dean didn’t cry, but he had sobbed for hours last night before he’d drunk himself into oblivion and passed out on the sofa. It was nearly 2pm and he wasn’t showing much sign of waking up yet.
“Yes, all of that, but I have been working long hours I thought it was just…” Castiel stopped. He had nothing else to say.
“We wanted to throw you a surprise party, but since you’ve got work tommorow we’re going to have it at the weekend.” Eileen said with a smile.
“Dean, you’re back?” Cas asked confused, snapping Dean out of it as he stepped into the kitchen. They hadn’t actually been stood in the same room as each other for months and now it was stifling.
They sat silent for a moment just enjoying the closeness between them and watching contentedly as their friends and family conversed happily.
“I believed you no longer cared for me, that Gabriel would despise me for what I allowed them to do to me…”
There was no reply but 20minutes later there was an email on his laptop. The brightness of the screen burned his eyes as he tried to make sense of what was in front of him, but he couldn’t. The whole system was so disorganised and haphazard he couldn’t figure out what was coming or going.
“It makes no sense Cas; how can you believe in all that crap when you’re as bent as a slinky! How can you believe in something that hates people like us?”
“No.” Gabriel said hesitantly, it was technically true after all, but Cas wasn’t going to like his answer.
“You both know that remission is remission, it is no guarantee, but your remission 6 months ago was partial, this time I’m deeming it complete remission. There is no sign of your cancer have disappeared.”
“We.” Dean said firmly. “Cas, I couldn’t have done this without you. You poured every cent you had into this, I can’t thank you enough. I swear you will get it all back.”
“I capisce.” Cas nodded. “Dean would you hold me please?” Cas asked, and Dean smiled, squeezing back onto the small bed.
“That’s Good.” Sam nodded. He was still reluctant to leave, but after some persuasion and assurance from Cas he did decide to leave. And Cas did intend to call Dean, he really did, but then he figured Dean would be home for lunch and they could talk then.
“I know Gabriel. I know Cas wouldn’t lie! I love him and I’m not trying to upset him, but he needed to say it. He needed to admit it to himself and to me, ok?” Dean grunted back. “It’s the only way things are going to get better.”
“I’m going to go stand by the road, the ambulance will be here any second.” Sam said, the sound of branches breaking announcing his departure.
“But, the fact that they’ve hired Bela tells me that they’re going to be putting up a fight. You have some serious assets between you Dean.”
“Yeah sure.” Sam smiled, but he looked at Cas with concern. It worried him that Cas and Dean wouldn’t be seeing each other for so long. The two were utterly inseparable usually. “Take it easy ok. You look like hell.” Sam smiled, but his eyes betrayed his alarm.
“Dean don’t leave!” The desperation in Cas’ voice nearly broke Dean’s heart and Dean was back to his side in a second, grasping his hand swiftly as they wheeled him back towards the road and the ambulance.
“I’m… ss.” Cas started. “Sssorry ssssir.” Cas slurred, his mouth felt heavy and numb, he could barely keep his eyes open. What was happening? His vision faded in and out.
“Anyway, I was just here to invite you both to Dinner at ours on Sunday evening. It’s been way too long.”
It was true, Dean mused. Cas very rarely got angry and avoided violence and confrontation at all costs. But he recalled one night at a bar last year, they’d both had a little too much to drink and Dean had pissed off a biker, who had tried to ruff him up. Cas had floored the guy like it was nothing, and then proceeded to ruin three more hefty guys who’d blocked their exit as they had tried to leg it out of the door.
It was midday on Saturday and Cas was exhausted. Getting off his shift he’d had a text from the bank saying they were overdrawn, which shouldn’t have happened. So, instead of going back to bed he was ringing Dean.
“You’re going to be working at the gas station?” Dean said with a smirk. “You’re a bit overqualified.”
Dean pulled himself out from underneath the Car and wiped the oil on his overalls. “Just checking everything’s running smoothly down here before heading back to the office.” He lied. “Anything else?”
“Oh God.” Dean gripped the bridge of his nose. He’s been such a selfish prick. “Running the business, it was really hard and I… I just missed being a mechanic. So when my hours dropped I started taking shifts at the garage as well, just because I missed it so much… Then I went out for drinks with the lads and sometimes it was so late, or I was so wasted that I crashed at Benny’s so I didn’t disturb Cas with getting in late and leaving early again. I didn’t tell Cas about any of this because I didn’t want to stress him out by telling him I really wasn’t enjoying being manager. We both put everything we had into this and I don’t even know if I want it anymore.”
"You're very good at this," Cas says as Dean pulls his hand over the sink and shakes salt over it. It's not what he said earlier, remarking on the futile waste of salt they could use tomorrow, to which Dean had pointed out the only thing they had more of in this house was booze and books, confirmed by Bobby's answering middle finger.
"Then what the hell are we waiting for?" Dean ducks in, he can't help it, to kiss Cas's cheek real quick, just to feel him smile underneath it. He can't help it. Cas's hand is so warm against Dean's ribs, under his jacket. "Lead the way, boss man."
This time, Dean doesn't have to figure out what to say next. In a miraculous parody of last night, all he has to do is let it happen, hands useless and open at his sides. He doesn't need to do anything: Cas, already reaching for Dean's face, has him.
"You just sit back, alright?" Dean makes sure his hand trailing down Cas's chest is as tantalizing as possible. He undoes the last few buttons of Cas's shirt when he reaches them, slow and steady, with Cas's wide eyes only on him. "And I'll... Let me give you what you want."
Cas stops, thinking. Dean's too blissed out and too familiar, now, with Cas's particular weirdness to worry about it and instead takes stock of himself. Weirdly, nothing feels different. The rare times Dean's fooled around with guys have always left him stumbling out of their arms as soon as possible, and if he'd had to guess, he'd have thought it would be twenty times worse with someone he actually knew, but it's not. At most, he's a little sore and kind of thirsty. Otherwise...
Unfortunately, what comes out of his mouth is technically not that different, but so much worse sounding that it makes Dean want to disappear inside himself like a turtle in its shell.
"You saved my life and I saved yours!" Dean gestures at Cas, ignoring the giant broadcasting behind him. "We're even! We're even, Cas. I mean, what do you want from me? What am I supposed to say?"
On second thought, he probably should've seen that last one coming, if only because of the first two. And the collar thing. And how Cas is absolutely capable of keeping track of three steps.
"Dean," Cas says again, and he realizes that he's stopped moving, literally dumbstruck like the dumbass he is. "Are you okay?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I'm—" He ducks back down to kiss Cas again, who rears up on one elbow to meet him. "Are you?"
(It might be a little self serving with how fucking incredible the sight of Cas spread out beneath him is, but Dean's never claimed to be a saint.)
Cas genuinely thinks about it, which is oddly comforting, like his taking it seriously justifies Dean's nerves. Another boon for Dean's mental health: he doesn't think
"Yours too." He bops Cas's forehead with his, reaching up with his left hand to grab Cas's own, hanging around his neck. Their rings clink together, music to his nearby, waiting ears. "Literally."
"I think they like me," Cas says with a short nod. When Dean raises an eyebrow at him, he clarifies, "The Harvelles."
runs through his mind like a half-hearted litany. Eyes shut, he can feel the thrum of power condensed in Cas's innocuous form, intangible but somehow heavy. Eyes open in the material plane isn't much better because Cas is giving him this look like he can see exactly how Dean feels, knows exactly how every molecule of him vibrates because he strung them together. He's glad now that one of his hands fell back onto the seat when Cas upended them again, free to clench out of sight while Cas studies his face.
Kelsey throws them a peace sign before returning to her phone, unphased. Jack has relayed to them and they've overheard on multiple occasions that his friends think it's cute, how affectionate they "still" are despite being ancient. It took Dean a minute to get used to both realizing that other people can see he's in love with Cas and that that's okay, but now that he's got permission, yeah. Being old and in love is fun. Jack's too sweet and oblivious to be embarrassed, but, well, can't win 'em all. At least Claire still gags at them.
Jack's wide eyes are ping ponging between them as Sam behind him stares at the ceiling like he wishes Chuck was still around to take him out of his misery.
He doubles back to flip him off but doesn't linger long enough for Sam to notice he's wearing his favorite henley because, unfortunately, he's right. Dean is going to visit his boyfriend at work, like some kind of normal person. Granted, his boyfriend is an angel, his work is a ragtag heavenly militia squatting in a power plant, and Dean's visiting to drop off some magic books from their secret society bunker-house, but still. Visiting his boyfriend at work.
"Um." Dean squashes the snide voice in his head that suggests a scrap of notebook paper with yes/no checkboxes. "Do you like me?"
"Don't." It punches out of him with unintended emotion, rough and wobbly, and he takes a deep breath to steady himself (for all the good it does). "Just— It's been a long day, man. I'm not doing this now."
It's not like he was lying to Sam in the garage. In his experience, there's very little worse than sitting with his thumb up his ass while being hunted by cosmic force. It doesn't take a genius to figure out why he wants to stay, though: the answer is unavoidably present, always stealing Dean's favorite mug and hogging the hot water and shivering in the room just around the corner from Dean's.
Dean knows as well as Cas that they both have a skewed sense of "necessary" risk when it comes to their own life, but he appreciates Cas saying it anyway. They're really not that different, when it comes down to it. Loyal, desperate to please a dad who checked out years ago, and perpetually ready to fall on whatever sword is closest. Probably the best Dean can hope for is their self-sacrificial tendencies canceling each other out more often than they exacerbate each other.
Only Ellen looks up, Bobby and Sam still arguing about something on Sam's laptop. She takes one look at Dean and raises her eyebrows at whatever she sees before turning back to the debate with a smirk. He leans over to grab his jacket from the sofa and steps back right into Cas, who must have followed him. He, of course, looks no more disheveled than usual, which Dean is envious of for a minute before he remembers what's waiting for him.
Maybe it was the severity, the idea that this time Cas wouldn't bounce back. Maybe it was their mom being there, watching this whole ordeal while Dean tried to scrub the bleeding heart from his sleeve. Maybe it was— Well, what Cas said definitely had something to do with him clenching his jaw the whole way back to Kansas, but it's not the only thing keeping Dean's lid firmly on.
Cas nods and Dean gets to work. It's quiet. Now that he thinks about it, it's been quiet most of the time they've been out here but he didn't notice 'til now, which is kind of funny. Most of the time he hates silence, but that's not what this is. It's a conversation, in their eyes and in their hands.
With Kelsey's mom's SUV disappearing in a rumble of acorns, Baby's radio is left serenading them with tinny jingles as Cas ferries him in closer until he can hook one ankle around the back of Dean's. His hands alight here and there along Dean's back, firm but quick as he flits from ribs to scapula before carding through the hair at his nape. It's a little long. They both like it that way.
"The entire plan is stupid," Cas says, diplomatic as ever, "but I'll endeavor not to put myself in any unnecessary danger."
Dean's going slow enough he can crank the radio with one hand while the other wiggles fingers out the window, knee against the wheel. He locks eyes with Cas, whose unimpressed expression goes unchanged even as the volume increases.
His pinkie skims the edge of his own handprint beneath two layers of fabric, unerringly exact as it traces the ridge of the index finger. Dean doesn't know if it's the touch itself or that implication that zaps through him then, but something does, sharp and cool. Before he can wonder further, Cas dips down to press a kiss to his lips unlike any of the others they've traded tonight, simple and exact, like a stamp, a wax seal.
Slice. Slice. There are more than enough already, but he keeps cutting, lime after shiny lime. Sam yells down something incoherent; there's the unmistakable sound of Bobby cursing under his breath. While Dean is distracted, Cas reaches up and folds his fingers one by one over Dean's collar. The last one grazes Dean's neck, the tiniest glance of nail against his skin stopping him mid-exhale and breathless, but he doesn't move to do more, doesn't say anything, just stands there with his sex hair and his narrowed eyes—not even waiting, just... staring. Dean can't close his mouth all the way.
Alright, that shatters the image a little: yeah, Dean's music is "oldies" now, fucking dad rock according to Claire. And then dad rock gets him lumped in with shit like fucking R.E.M. and the bullshit Sam listened to in high school, which is injury to the genre's insult—but that's not the point. He's got his rockin' tunes, groceries for the kickass dinner he's gonna make tomorrow for the whole gang, and somewhere to head to: home.
It's a funny look on him. Cas has always been intense, starting at sixty and never bothering with zero, but the way his face goes slack and intimate and warm is so nice that Dean wouldn't mind missing the occasional fire and brimstone look he likes so much if this is the alternative.
And then Cas is crawling his way into the backseat, Dean sliding back uselessly as his brain struggles to keep up with his dick. His back hits the opposite door as Cas gets a hand on the front bench to loom over him properly, eyes ravenous on Dean's body, his other hand on Dean's knee. The incidental but numerous places they are touching otherwise have nothing on this hot brand of intent.
He forgets it all when Cas's fingers redirect, drifting back up to rest barely in or along the cleft of his ass.
When Cas uses words like that, he means them the way a dictionary does: in this case, with zero restrictions, exceptions, or qualifications. Absolute like God's rule.
So distracted by this, Dean doesn't notice Cas leaning in until there's stubble barely brushing his own nose. Lips land carefully on his cheek as Dean tries to take a deep breath, which freezes in his chest. Cas is radiating heat in the two inches of air between their chests, but his gentle lips send a shiver through Dean's body. This time it's Dean's hand automatically raising to Cas's waist, drawn to the nearness of him in his unusual one layer of dress shirt.
Tragically, Dean's keys are in his jacket in the living room full of people who would probably notice if they went missing without explanation, so he ducks out from between Cas and the door, takes a second to compose himself, and heads for the firing squad.
He doesn't this time, though; they hightail it before Sam and Mary can send the lake house up in flames, Cas recovered enough to get in the car under his own steam but nothing more. Breaking the lance should've undone the damage completely, just as much as Dean should be worried that it seems like it hasn't, but neither are discussed as they head, well, home. Nothing is.
"That's so hot," he mutters as he manhandles Cas back onto the leather. Cas laughs in a quick burst between kisses, though whether it's at what Dean said or the fact that he can't seem to get a handle on the bottle between their bodies is anybody's guess. "Kinda feel like I should be offended you assumed I'd be such an easy lay, but I'll take the win, you know?"
"And you are not the wrong guy," Cas continues over him with a sudden (though slight) levity that catches Dean off guard. "Though it may have been grossly unfair for Heaven to saddle you with the title of 'righteous man,' I will not be convinced that you aren't the
Jack's sponge lands with a satisfying splat in a bucket of suds as he careens around the bed of the truck. Though he may be adult sized, he still sometimes moves with the self-awareness of a toddler, lurching and flailing gleefully like he's just realized how much mass he has.
For now, Cas's hand turns over in the scant space between them and closes around Dean's, careful but strong. For now, Dean tilts his head onto the unfamiliar surface of his own jacket on someone else's shoulder. The stars don't go anywhere and neither do they. For now.
He doesn't know why it's so captivating an image, but it is. A single stud, the same glowing silver as an angel blade. Are Cas's ears sensitive? Well, apparently not, but could he, Dean doesn't know, suppress his grace or something so he
Maybe he could turn on some music, but no, the radio is still on the Lilith Fair college station that he definitely wasn't listening to on his beer run earlier. He could pick a tape, but then that's always gonna be the tape that was playing when he had sex with Cas, because he's gonna have sex with Cas, and what if—
"Yes, Dean. I know." He turns from studying the cars around them to give Dean a look, half confused and half offended, which is fair. "One person guiding another through a mundane task is often a form of flirtation, and there were no pool tables at hand." Dean's stomach definitely didn't jump at that. "I thought pretending not to understand would give you ample time to realize what I was doing and 'make a move' but I... grew impatient."
The air is stiff with unspoken words: apologies and woe is me's and frustration that needs to be taken out on the nearest wall. It dissolves almost immediately, though, both of them too tired to get into it.
That last traitorous thought flits through his mind before he can catch it, distracted by the press of Cas's fingerprints on his hips, and smacks him upside the head. His timing is insane: way to realize you have severe feelings for a guy the exact same second his dick gets in you, Winchester.
Dean's about to get lost in that spiral when Cas leans back, hands holding Dean's face in place, to add, "Oh, and I love you."
He turns to the door. So this will be how it ends, then. At least this time he gets to be the one walking out on Cas.
Once Dean can justify it to himself that way, he nods and lets Cas fold his arms over Dean's shoulders, tugging him over out of sight of the main room.
"I waited until we were alone." Cas's voice is so sincere, Dean's glad he can't see the face that goes with.
Dean had watched with an eye roll in reserve as Jo tugged his shoulder until Cas lilted sideways enough for her to reach, but he couldn't bring himself to actually do it, the only thing brighter than that piece of silver her mischievous grin.
"I find your mundane habits... endearing." As Castiel speaks, his hands drift under Dean's shirt and down to the skin beneath his belt, teasing wildfire brushes. "I don't understand most of your jokes, but I like that you think they're funny, and when you laugh I remember why we're trying so hard to save this world."
"Yeah, I could—" Dean is nodding before he even realizes the words are coming from his own mouth. "Uh huh. Sure thing. You..." He accidentally draws out the word while desperately attempting to find an unmortifying end to that sentence. "Got it."
Dean contemplates giving in to his deeply learned reflexes, making some joke, scoffing even as he blushes. Cas has mostly—no,
like me, huh." Dean presses back into the hand that's slipped to his ass to cover up the bashful fear swimming in his chest. Still, Cas retreats enough to meet his eyes. "I mean, do you—? Uh."
He turns at the hand on his arm to see Cas, fucking glorious with his sex hair and unbuttoned shirt, with a bottle of lube in his hand.
"The next place is a diner," Cas says, because oh yeah, they have a list of nearby places they're methodically working through on days and nights like this. Whatever's close and open, Korean Barbecue and crowded coffee joints and pizza by the slice. Sitting elbow to elbow on park benches with street tacos, people-watching like they belong there.
For what it's worth, Cas seemed just as reverent of the thirdhand scraps, looking up occasionally when Dean walked in and saying warmly, "I like this part," because he could always tell what had been underlined and dogeared by Dean rather than the multitude of previous owners. Dean tries to convince himself that has nothing to do with it. Cas just needed something to do, and raiding the bunker's shelves always inevitably led to Sam wrestling a red pen out of his hand, so Dean graciously offered up his own library, lest Sam draft him into the G.R.R.M. fan club. It's got nothing to do with how Cas probably knew the plots of everything Dean had to offer from his Metatron megadownload but smiled and said he'd like to experience them "through Dean's eyes" anyway.
Dean would consider himself good at reading people—a professional even—but he has honestly no idea whether Cas is joking right now or not. It shouldn't be so thrilling, and yet, when Cas finally lets out the hint of a self-satisfied smile, Dean has to lurch up to kiss it. No one's ever been so happy to be played by an angel of the Lord.
"Did he," Cas says, carefully flat but still with a hint of... hope? Interest? Wariness? Dean can't tell, even though Cas is looking at him the entire time. Were his eyes always this blue? Was his gaze always this soft, and Dean never noticed? He must have, but he can't remember when right now, because as soon as Dean realizes it's his turn to talk, his whole brain turns to white noise.
But. It's the look in Cas's eyes. It's the fact that they'll probably die in a few hours. It's the familiar cradle of Baby's leather that feels brand new under his hands. It's the solidity of that same hand shifting to his cheek, thumb pressed to his lips.
. Dean presses into the buttons cutting against his cheek and feels the cotton grow damp from his breath as Cas twists home again, replacing Dean's fingers completely with two of his own.
There's no way to finish that sentence without Dean having to then bury himself alive in the yard, but thankfully Cas interrupts.
Cas laughs outright at that, the one with teeth and wrinkles by his eyes. It's a sight Dean rarely gets to see, though he suspects that's still more than most. He's really beautiful. Right now, this close, it's hard for Dean to remember why he's not allowed to think that.
Dean laughs, taking Cas's face in his hands and relishing in the way Cas reaches up to hold his sleeves immediately. "You're getting the hang of it."
(The fact that said militia is camped out an hour and a half away is no matter; Cas comes back to the bunker whenever he can too, even though it takes him as long to get places as any human schmuck now. Dean called it his commute once and Cas just smiled. They're on the same page about this stuff.)
"You love me too much, Cas," he says, as plain as possible and as tender as a bruise. "And you picked the wrong guy. When are you gonna get through that stupid head of yours that I'm just gonna let you down, man?"
"Look, I get it, we're all going a little cuckoo in here," well, not Sam, but Cas knows what he means; their 'we' has always been different, "but there's a difference between your head being ready to get back out there and your body, y'know?"
different: longer, for one, and decidedly more chaste, which (based on his experience thus far) he didn't know Cas was capable of. It's... sweet, lips touching lips. Cas's hand leaves Dean's after a moment and alights on his wrist, the other tucking itself under the edge of his jacket to settle on his waist. It's romantic, is what it is. He puts the pieces together to see he's being wooed and it's... not
"When I said I love you, in the barn," Cas starts, apologetically slow, and Dean is nodding harshly before he gets two words out.
Cas's fingers skirt back up to his shoulder, tingling against the palm of the scar as they inch closer and closer to a perfect fit. Dean's no more ready for it now than he was before he knew what could be coming, but he wants it, craves that impossible intimacy, and then Cas gives it to him completely in a wave of awareness.
Is it bad that it comes out more easily in anger? Is it worse that Dean doesn't really care? If this is all he's gonna get...
(Sometimes they skip the list entirely and end up sneaking away for a nooner, because if everyone's gonna look at Dean like the boy toy, he's sure as hell gonna reap the rewards. Then he listens to Cas complain about herding angels like cats from where he's draped across his chest, Cas's voice vibrating pleasantly through his skull as he describes Shariel's feud with the printer. Those are good days too, though, he's half embarrassed to say, not de facto better than the rest.)
Sam comes over for his own hug as Jack turns to pull Dean up too, only to find him already clinging to the edge of the table. On the way up, Dean takes the chance to look Cas over, toe to head. No matter how many times he repeats it to himself, Dean can't make his brain remember that Cas is here, but he is: god, he is, hale and whatever, as beautifully whole as he was when he got swallowed alive by that fucking goo.
Cas takes the cue quickly enough, doing the same and stepping back out into the night, but before he follows, Dean's eye skips to the front seat again, where their coats are still slowly sliding to the floor in a tangle. On a whim he grabs the nearest bit of leather and throws himself from the car before he can overthink it.
Dean glances over at Cas, staring up at the stars with quiet contemplation, and looks: really looks, like he never lets himself do. It should be weird, Cas in stereotypical hunter gear, but it isn't. He's still Cas, straight backed and windswept and weirdly intense. Yeah, it's all more sex hair than his usual "just rolled out of an interdimensional tornado" look, and Dean can't look at his face anymore without mentally replaying the exact moment his orgasm shuddered through him, but he's still too Cas to mistake, a little alien dude sitting there in Dean's jacket and staring at the sky like he remembers every second of its creation. Even the amulet hangs oddly like how his tie always does. Even the earring—Dean forgot about that. He looks... right.
"I look forward to it," Cas mumbles. It takes Dean a heartstopping second to remember what he said last.
"Can I," Cas starts again, and the answer is already yes. The feeling of his fingertips slowly but surely skating across the side of Dean's thighs is enough to make Dean's knees wobble against thin air. "I want..."
"Don't say that, man, 'cause that..." Even without the soft look Cas is giving him, the words are enough to set his heart thump-thumping, wanting to shy away from them and to strain towards the pause like a plant towards light in equal measure. He wants Cas to mean it as much as he doesn't want to accept it, caught between his own self-loathing and the need to believe in himself because it's what Cas wants, because at the end of it all, he trusts Cas. "You know what I mean?"
Cas's eyebrows are overwhelmingly earnest as he stares at Dean like he's an idiot. "I might not know much about being human, Dean, but even I know it would be hard to get your jeans off over your boots."
"Are you... crying?" He asks, half under his breath as if out of respect for the loaded pause and nothing else.
Dean takes a second to objectify his husband. For once, the weather is as confused as Cas's fashion sense, somehow making cargo shorts, socks'n'sandals, and a threadbare Goodwill sweatshirt seem both coherent and practical. With his half-wet sleeves pushed up haphazardly, he looks tragically (and despite the fact that said sleeves have a cartoon fish spanning from cuff to cuff with the words "ABOUT THIS BIG" emblazoned on the chest) better than any pin-up. Dean's pretty sure all those years of being cursed by God were a down payment on how extraordinarily lucky he is now, getting to come home to this.
He turns the last little bend to find he's not the only one with the thought; parked in the center of the driveway is Cas's truck, gleaming wet. The perpetrators: Jack with a comically bright sponge, more soap in his hair than on the car; Cas, of course, rocking the shamwow.
"You shouldn't," Dean fights back a little, though he doesn't move out of the hug. Cas shouldn't forgive him, sure, but that doesn't mean it's not real reassuring and
"Yes." Cas nods and Dean finally looks back. His eyes are bright but lucid in contrast with the tequila fumes hanging over them. "I still don't understand what the sexualities of puppets have to do with anything, but I believe this counts as having occasion."
He's breathing now: short, wordless pants into Dean's open mouth that are simultaneously almost lost under "Thank You" blaring from the living room and ringing in Dean's ears. Crystal clear, high def, every random and unpracticed stutter. It's— Cas is
They're both so worked up already, Dean knows this isn't gonna take long, but he's still committed to making it as good as he can, so he takes one of Cas's hands off the blooming bruise on his hip and pins it to the seat, lacing their fingers together the way Cas wanted to earlier. Or maybe the way Dean wanted to. It's a bit of a blur.
), Dean goes right back to staring at Cas, still immobile. Their eyes meet again and Cas must do something, lift his eyebrows or tilt his head a millimeter, because suddenly his expression is enough like "hopeful" that Dean can open his mouth one last time.
"Come home soon," Cas says, low and steady like he's not currently the embodiment of all of Dean's best worst fantasies.
"Shit." Sam hops back to avoid stepping on anyone's literal toes as he throws himself back at the table. "Shit shit shit."
It takes every muscle in his body to avoid shooting Cas finger guns, but still he can't leave. He's rooted to the floor by the look Cas is giving him: sweet and fond, like a hand on his cheek. Cas is smiling at him and Dean can't move.
He steps back under the harmonies, knowing if he doesn't he's never getting out of Cas's orbit. Instead, Dean turns to Jack with an authoritative point.
"Years of practice." Without any permission from his brain, Dean's mouth then adds, "You know, I can even do a shot without my hands. S'called—"
Dean's barely holding himself up, a hand on the wet door on either side of Cas's waist, and they're not even kissing. Cas leans further back against the truck, exaggerating the height difference between them as he drapes his arms around Dean's shoulders. Now he's pin-up material for real: nobody on Earth could resist this handsome son of a bitch, Dean's husband, looking up under his fucking eyelashes all knowing, bright and yet almost sleepy with how content he is. It's the same expression he has when he's just rolled off Dean onto his side of the sheets, loose-limbed and accomplished. He looks fucking delicious and all Dean's, happy in his arms even as soapy water absolutely seeps through the back of his sweatshirt. Dean's handsome husband. Happy.
Seconds later, Jack is racing out the front door looking about the exact same: his tie dye hoodie's purple instead of pink, maybe. He and Kelsey trade some incomprehensible hello and he's in the van with barely a backwards glance until he does, waving them off with a, "Bye, Cas! Bye, Dean!"
His fingers skim over Dean's chest, always too far from where Dean really needs him but edging ever further into the slick territory between their bodies. Dean is considering goading him when Cas hefts him closer and the new angle makes Dean groan into his shoulder.
"Tomorrow is likely to be the end of us all," Cas begins, almost like one of his Heavenly Plan speeches but with a new aching sincerity, "but know that I will do whatever I can to ensure you—and your brother, as well as all those you care for—make it out alive. You have my protection; you have my word."
"I guess you could call it a miracle," Jack says, pulling Cas to his feet easily, "if miracles weren't real and hadn't already failed."
Dean breathes in, unexpectedly ragged, and the rest of the words fall out of him with a frustratingly wet edge with a weak shrug.
Dean could probably guess the exact page he's on right now, having read it his fair share of times growing up, but instead he nods at the book and asks, "How's that?"
that Charlie left after what she insisted in her inscription was "a totally normal late night slumber party convo" wherein Dean maybe cried into her shoulder during
Baby's backseat is suddenly even less spacious than Dean thought. This confined—yes, the only place they're really touching is Cas's hands on his hips, not the point—this close, his awkward squirming is hyper noticeable.
Dean is well versed in bad signs, but before he can titter uncoolly and dodge whatever capital-C conversation the angel's trying to start, Cas adds, "It's not bad."
The silence rings. For a hysterical half second, Dean wishes Sam or somebody was here, because as bad as having an audience would be, he has no idea what comes next. What words can follow that? The only four Dean knows would have to rip themselves out of his throat first—like hell is he saying it like this, like—
"No, I know." He flushes, even warmer in the chilled air. "But you definitely didn't need me to teach you something you were doing ten minutes before, you know?"
The new angle gives Cas the room to buck up, throwing off Dean's careful rhythm and all the better for it. Dean's spare hand flies up to the roof where it gives him the leverage he needs to push himself down on Cas's cock. Or maybe it's up. Directions are meaningless at this point; he's left Earth's gravity and is trapped solely in Cas's. He has to keep his eyes on the foggy window or familiar beige ceiling to avoid fully losing it. Every touch is a gravity well, sucking him in: Cas's thighs meeting the back of his, Cas's other hand on his cheek, fingers brushing his suddenly sensitive earlobe, before dragging down the front of his throat with equal reverence.
He lifts his head past Cas's to see Jack vibrating in place with barely restrained energy, Sam next to him looking indulgently concerned. "Yeah, kiddo?"
It hits him then that he's really having sex with an angel. He'd thought about that night with Anna in those terms, but it has nothing on this:
Cas pretends to think about it for a second, the corner of his mouth barely upturned. "I prefer the word 'trusting.' Less dumb. Less ass."
And if, twenty seconds later, he throws himself back down the hallway and through Cas's open door to finally kiss him, well, what could be sooner?
“A hint, a guess, an idea!” Charlie said, gesturing before she remembered she still had the flash drive in her hand. “What do you want me to know? Where are you going with this?”
Hephaestus had been a mining colony, digging up veins of the AGF metal to power ships out of what many had jokingly referred to as a graveyard of a planet.
Arousal sparked through his veins at the confession, but after a second Castiel sighed in regret. “Dean,” he said, and Dean pulled back to look at him, “you’re very drunk.”
When he sat down in the chair in front of it and turned it on, praying it would still work, Castiel came up behind him and hovered. “What’s wrong?”
running into Castiel until he’d descended the stairs for the second time to do a circuit of the house. When he didn’t see him on the first floor, Dean checked the basement and then went back to the second floor to check the other bedroom. The house was empty.
Dammit. Dean could perfectly envision the cracked picture of him and Sam still sitting on the desk in his room.
Time dragged on again, but this time Castiel tried to busy himself in the kitchen, just in case either Krissy or the officer needed him nearby. He put away the clean dishes and wiped down the counters, but that only took a few minutes. He made a pot of coffee. Just in case someone wanted any. Soon enough, Castiel ran out of things to do and found himself pausing to lean against the kitchen counter and gaze out the window, lost in thought. The professor. He had known Jimmy, before. What were the chances of finding one of them, here of all places? His hands tightened into fists on the counter in front of him as Castiel let out a breath, trying to dispel some of the tension that such a thought evoked.
It will be quite a while until Dean’s no longer under his thrall, so Castiel adds, “Do what your nurse tells you to, and try to get some rest when I leave. Don’t be afraid, Dean.”
Sure, sometimes people suspected, but Dean was good at staying off people’s radar for that kind of thing. He hadn’t had a real heat in over a decade, 'cause as soon as he could get suppressants, he'd been on them. Despite the obvious, it was just - Dean hated the
It's far from perfect—Dean's body won't let him keep this up for long, his brother and son are a few feet away and definitely paying attention, he's crying all over Cas's beautiful, living face, and it's the best he's ever felt. In some ways it's a good thing Cas already fulfilled his deal, because Dean knows, he just knows, it's too good for it not to be the best thing to ever happen to both of them. He's got Cas's face in both hands like he's always wanted and yeah, his frantic self-soothing monologue was right: it's okay. It's all okay.
"I mean..." God, does he really have to talk about it? He fumbles his way into sitting, discomfort sitting high on his shoulders. "Sort of? It's not, like,
Apparently blind to his own sexual prowess, Cas squints at the window behind Dean and says, "I don't think two adult men are supposed to fit in the back of this car like this."
"Sleep well, everyone," Cas says, less like a wish and more like a command. It's kind of sweet nevertheless. At least, Dean thinks it is. You know, quietly, to himself.
"Hey." Dean holds Cas back by the shoulders, both of them under his trench coat and panting. "Let's at least get the tarp off before we both overheat."
Dean turns left, then right. This is their street: the twins from a couple houses down, who always heckle him when he honks them out of the road but are always the first to offer to shovel their driveway, are circling on skateboards. He honks, they shout back. Eagles on the radio.
) and literally: a dizziness that acts as the perfect excuse to haul him closer with fistfuls of button down.
He does it anyway, if only because Cas has already noticed and Dean doesn't want him to get the wrong idea. Doesn't want him to get the right idea either, because that is... something else, but he doesn't want Cas to think Dean doesn't want to... touch him or whatever.
It's too easy to maneuver them both until Cas is laid out against the bench again, Dean draped over him like a blanket. It's definitely for Cas's benefit, and nothing to do with how nice his hair feels under Dean's hands or his arms feel haltingly folded over Dean's back. Although, it is nice to not have to worry about suffocating the guy.
