“If I’m not too long, we can go over some of them later this evening, if I am, we can begin at breakfast tomorrow.  You must be here.”
Clearly, I was a pitiful sight, because he didn’t wait for an answer, bounding up the stairs and seizing my hand before I could say a word.  He examined the puncture wounds for a moment then raised my hand to his mouth.  At the feeling of his tongue tracing the scratches on my palm, I closed my eyes.
Sherlock brushed through the short hairs along the nape of John’s neck. “Tactile enhancement due to visual deprivation.”  His lips found the skin of John’s neck.  He drew it between his teeth and suckled.
“I brought your violin,” Mycroft said, holding it out.  “I was sure you hadn’t meant to leave it behind.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t have watched it,” John whispered.  He licked his thumb and forefinger and extinguished the flame.
It had been snowing properly by the time we’d sought rest.  The air in the courtyard had been thick with snowflakes like feathers, the sky white, the light diffuse.
“No,” John said and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders, held him upright.  “Not yet.  I can wait for that pleasure.  Be patient.”
John glanced at Ms Swann to gauge her reaction.  He smiled to himself.  The potency of Sherlock’s charm appeared undiminished.
When I stepped into the courtyard to meet Mrs Hudson for our excursion, it was a little past mid-day.  Sunlight beamed through the bright blue gaps between the drifting clouds overhead and glittered in the spray from the fountain.  I noted that it was the demure fountain that I have often walked past if I cut through the courtyard to the kitchen or sit on one of the benches along the walls to read.  I glanced up towards my bedroom, its windows still wreathed in white roses despite the season, and took a deep breath of the fragrant air.
The room grew darker and a pain ran up my leg that I had not felt in a week.  My hand shot out for balance and my palm met his back.  A wave of displeasure for having asked that question washed over me.  I wondered what particular thing I had done that had caused me to fail or if it was the aggregate of everything.  Perhaps he desired a more compliant doctor or a less inquisitive one.  I had not wished to fail, but I was not going to let him go uncared for either.
I sampled a bit of salad.  “Oh, that is lovely,” I murmured as the flavour of the dressing on the greens suffused my mouth.
"Of course," I chuckled.  "So, after you got that HR confirmation and strode off to the stairs, did you realise we were all trailing after you like you were the Pied Piper?  You barely looked up from your phone.”
Her claws closed about something in the person’s hands and she banked, low over the people’s heads before she gained height and glided across the moon with her catch.
“Different minerals, but related name,” Sherlock said.  “And they were both believed to wax and wane with the moon.”
The images on the court cards had had a similar effect on me.  They weren't stylised like the pictures on most court cards; they had the clear lines and rich hues of etchings that had been hand-coloured.  They had gold accents and gilt edges as well.  Without doubt, theirs was a sumptuous court.   I had turned the first picture card this way and that, much as Mrs Hudson was doing, to appreciate its many details and enjoy how they glittered in the light, and then...and then the picture of the raven-haired knave had appeared to wink.  I'd set the card down as though it were hot, and turned the rest of the cards over in quick succession, paying next to no attention to the designs on their backs.  I had been hoping to dispel that illusion of movement by examining other cards, but instead the illusion had multiplied: a gleaming dagger had spun, a chin had lifted, a cloak had slipped off a bare shoulder and the faces, well, the faces had all been one, and their eyes had all turned to meet mine.
Sherlock leaned forwards.  “Cut as far down the stem as you can.  The chemical you need for the liniment is more concentrated in the stems than the leaves.”  His breath tickled my ear.
Until I’d been shot, my private life had always been rather active, though in the spring a young man’s fancy and all that.  “Well, yeah, but not like this.”
The barman collected the glass from the empty table, picked up the sticky coin.  He turned to the remaining patrons.  “Last round on the house,” he shouted and snapped his mouth closed.  His feet took him to the bar and his hands poured.
The woman’s cloak steamed behind her, its gold embroidery glittering as they sailed over the last few metres and landed atop the fire.
The hall reverberated with the blows of pommels against the door.  Axes slashed at the oak, sticking in the thick wood.  The echoes grew louder, bouncing off the brick walls.
As carefully as I had shifted my weight, the boat rocked more with my movements than it had with Sherlock's.
"So we get to take on the donkey's role," Lestrade said, twisting his mouth to one side and scrutinising the wagon.  "It's not exactly steamlined."  He gestured at the hefty planks that made up the body of the cart and the thick spokes of the wheels.
I am not sure what I was expecting when I followed Sherlock into his room a few minutes later, laden with the tools of my new trade, but I was surprised.
If I had not seen the things I had, I might have thought she was taking the piss, but since I had, nothing struck me as impossible.
I turned in the opposite direction, taking the stairs to my room at full speed.  As I passed my glass, I saw the frown on my face.  While I checked my pistol with the speed long practise allows, I realised that both my haste and my glower were not from concern for our client, but concern about him.  His eye was as “large, liquid, and luminous” as he had described Roderick Usher’s as having been and his lips also had a “surpassingly beautiful curve” to use Corvus’ own words again.  Their shape could not aspire to the beauty of Holmes’ mouth, fair few lips could, I thought, tucking the pistol into my coat.  Unbidden, the image of the two forms pressed together rose before my inward eye.  I turned and ran down the stairs.
“I tease you, John, about being unobservant, but you really aren’t.  Well, you are about a lot of things, but there are other times when you have great clarity of insight.”
I was listening as attentively as the drone of the speaker’s voice allowed.  It was a pity, genetic testing was an interesting topic, although not one that came up very often for a GP.  Mike had used the presentations on trauma surgery and post-operative care to lure me into accompanying him to the conference.  He still has hopes of getting me to teach at Bart’s.  Quite possibly it would be better than the locum work I resumed when I returned to Baker Street, but I remain ambivalent.  Ambivalence could be a byword of mine.
Greg craned his neck a bit and lifted an eyebrow.  “I see you’re well-provisioned there, Doctor Hooper.  Willing to share?”
I stopped moving for a moment.  “Right.  So, you tried to track down a copy you could buy and failed.”  I resumed peeling a slightly damp layer of newspaper from my bundle, and dropped it in the recycling bag when I managed to get it all off.  From the corner of my eye, I saw Sherlock’s back stiffen.
“Yes, okay,” John said, shutting the door and giving the metal a pat.  “Have a good trip,” he called through the glass.
I awoke from a dream of sun-drenched linens to a strange, shadowy room.  I shook my head and spotted Sherlock seated on the carpet, silhouetted by a candle on the floor beside him.  I crawled to the foot of the bed and peered at the glow in which he sat.
“I’ll try not to interrupt your narrative,” Holmes said, “unless absolutely necessary.”  He leaned back against the settee and resumed smoking.
“Sherlock.”  John set the mugs of tea on the table and took the laptop off Sherlock.  “Wake up.  We need to leave soon.”
My eyes opened wide and I lay my hand on the open pages.  “It doesn’t say anything about that possibility in here.”
Siròc dropped from the sky again.  And again, a shape took form in the flames when she let fall what she had taken up.
“He might make it back in time.  The moon won’t be visible over the housetops for a while yet,” Mrs Hudson said, bustling past me to open the second door and ushering me deeper inside.
“Would you like to dance, Doctor Watson?  Looks like Sherlock here’s trained you up well.”  He leaned towards me and lowered his voice.  “I’ve always loved watching Sherlock dance.”
Sherlock nodded.  “His littermates had been stillborn.  The whole lot deemed a disappointment to the team in charge of the breeding experiment.  They were going to put him down.”  He looked at the floor.  “He was shivering on the long, metal table.  I put him in my coat pocket.”
At the park fence, Baskerville stood with his front paws on the cross bars, wagging his tail while I pulled the chain as quietly as possible through the uprights of the two halves of the gates to get at the padlock that held it closed.  I angled it to the light of a streetlamp and did not think the house key was a match at all, but when I touched the shaft of the key to the lock, it slipped in easily and turned equally so.  The heavy lock dropped and one end of the chain fell to the ground.  I looked anxiously from side to side, but the footpath remained empty as I pushed one side of the gate inwards.  Baskerville jumped through the opening, dragging me by the lead I had looped about my wrist.  I whistled and heard the gate clang shut as Baskerville galloped northwest along the lake and I ran behind him, waiting for an irate park constable to hove into view with each step.  None did.
“And now I do,” I repeated.  I drew in a long breath and let it out slowly.  “So what’s Wild-Eyed Boy do to amuse himself other than try to seduce you?”
“Ah, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said, shuffling in from the bedroom with a sheet wrapped around him, “bearer of tea and sweets.  How are you this morning?  Is it still morning?”  He sat down at the kitchen table and propped his head up on one hand.
“A lot of them fit that category,” Sherlock said, catching his breath and eyeing John.  “How can I be sure you really know which one it is?”
“It’s the worst part about being a child,” John said, “not having the power to help those you love.”
John shook his head.  “It’s the saddest thing about having a dog or a cat; their lives are so much shorter than ours.”
It seemed that feeding me had become both a competitive and a spectator sport.  I obliged, two servings worth, while we all shared a pot of coffee.  I decided I was going to need to start running up and down the staircases several times a day, if I wasn’t going to roll out the door at the end of the month.
“You should sleep here.  There are important details we have not discussed,” he said on the first turn.
What remained to me on this dreary day subsequent to our return was a longing for the warm light that had blessed our excursion and lit Holmes’ skin in our tower.  I opened my eyes to the grey, weeping skies over Marylebone.  I missed the sun.
He tipped his head back and took a long swallow.  A stray drop lingered at the corner of his lips.  It was caught by the tip of his tongue.  He leaned down, eyes sliding to me as he recapped the bottle and tucked it away.  “Nope.”
John’s hand ran through the dark curls.  “My blood makes you drunk,” he murmured, his hand stroking along Sherlock’s arm.  “Lie down, put your head down.”
The front door banged and Billy dashed up the stairs.  “Your hansom is at the kerb,” he said, puffing a bit between words.
Mrs Hudson scowled at the first photograph of the bark of one of the branches.  There were several reddish bumps along its length.  “They haven’t got an infestation of some sort, have they?  Anji didn’t want to varnish them and they’ve been fine all this time.”
His head jerked up, his eyes wide.  They flashed over me, stopped at the unbuttoned cuff of my shirt, the dot of blood on my sleeve.
“And I hadn’t you to curb any indulgent flights of fancy that might seize me from time to time,” I added.
Kit found another piece of meat and dropped it down to Midnight.  “I think Mrs Hudson will be wanting me down in the kitchens soon.”
“Or…”  He rested his chin atop my shoulder, eyes on mine as his hand slipped lower.  “We could make them wait just a little longer.”
I pondered that as I mounted the stairs with my three-legged gait, pausing to tip my head up to gaze at the skylight more than once.  I wondered if the moon would shine through it.
Sherlock tapped my shoulder again.  “Look east, John.”  His hand appeared by my cheek pointing across the clearing and there it was, a pearly glow suffusing the trees in the east, outlining their branches and casting long shadows on the low clouds of smoke.
We skirted the cart, which had come to a stop by one of the doors in the north wall of the courtyard, and made our way along the passageway that ran through the eastern wall.  No one looked out from the rooms on either side of the passage.  Casting a wary eye at the spiked tips of the palings of the portcullis as we approached them, my pace picked up.
I cleaned my teeth, too, while I was in there.  I wondered what Sherlock would be making of that.  It wasn’t as though I were going to bite the vein open.
“I don’t think you're in need of it,” he said, “which is for the best, since several of the ingredients are lethal.”
“To move through the water is very wonderful,” he agreed.  “And then there is the freedom of the air.”  He started walking faster.  “Come.”
He’d had the coloured heart pictures, as I call them, mounted so they were joined together, their outline resembling an uneven flight of stairs.  The frame was mahogany, the matting steel blue.  The drawings went well with the skulls, I suppose.
“I’ll be going back,” Sherlock said as he tucked some rosin into his violin case.  “Puck hasn’t been yet and you were right.”
“First visit to Summer should always be Mid-summer,” she continued gaily, pouring the tea and setting it in front of me.  She straightened up.  “Oh, but it wasn’t your first time, was it?”
“Feels beautiful,” John gasped.  His hand stroked and grasped and stroked again.  The flex of his thighs lifted them both to their knees.
Holmes gummed the top of the empty notebook page and pressed his clipping into place with his fingertips. The sunlight played over him as he moved, glinting in his hair, brightening his brow, casting a shadow that hid his eyes.
“Oh, I don’t think you do,” Sherlock replied, pulling his leg back over the railing, and straightening his jacket.  “But I do wish we’d given Ms Swann a microphone.”
He rolled it along his shoulders, as John’s fingers slipped behind his balls.  Sherlock raised his hips.
“And you’re going to like what we need to do once the bands are on,” he added, lifting his leg off me and sitting up.  “At first, anyway.”
It went on like that for another quarter of an hour.  He passed the entrances to a few formal reception rooms and a huge dining room with a wave.  “My parents use those occasionally when they’re in London, which is mercifully rare.”  And then we were in a courtyard.
“Mr Morrow delivered all this information stoically, but the strain of doing so was etched on his face.  By his side, his wife cried without making a sound.  The shipwreck had occurred a year prior to our gathering and they despaired of ever being able to lay their son’s body to rest in their parish churchyard.  The shipowner had lost all interest in searching for the ship once the insurance had been paid and the Morrows knew not where else to turn.
I stretched, joints cracking, water drumming on my face and chest.  We were coming closer, Sherlock and I.  Each melody I mastered, each book I read, each chase on which he took me, especially those, shrunk the distance.
I turned and paused, cocking my head towards the hallway.  A scrabbling sound on the stairs was growing rapidly louder.  I strode towards the door just as an enormous animal bounded into the room.  I barred the beast’s way, legs apart and arms raised in front of my chest.  I could not say what the creature was, but it was a mammal and I knew where to strike it a blow that would stun it.  The brute snarled, deep and long, showing me fine fangs and shifted right in an attempt to circumvent me.  I shifted with him.
Shortly after becoming a permanent resident of the Manor, I had discovered that there was more than one kitchen.  There was a cool one for whipping cream, decorating cakes and making salads, a hot one for roasting meats and baking pies and a temperate one for preparing vegetables and arranging the food to be served.  My introduction to them was accompanied by Mrs Hudson's stories of the lavish entertainments Sherlock's parents had hosted before they had chosen to spend most of their time travelling once the children were grown.  There had been a sudden intake of breath at her use of the plural, but she had offered no further explanation and I had pretended not to have heard, emphasising instead my interest in a silver centerpiece that was being polished at the kitchen table and which bore a remarkable likeness to the tree fountain complete with amorous figures about the column rising from the middle of its basin.  Mrs Hudson had not explained it either, except to say that it was for serving wine.
“No!”  He shouted, striding back through the door.  He took a deep breath when he stood before me again and regarded me from beneath lowered brows. “We have begun,” he said quietly.
I whistled the door closed behind me and pulled the willow limb further inside before letting it down.
She came closer, looked down at the charred end of the branch and back at Sherlock.  "Lightning struck wood,” she said, turning back to me and giving my arm a squeeze.
“A lot.  It strengthened the seal.”  He spun the knife while he paced; it flashed as it turned.  He caught it by the hilt and stopped, staring at it.  “You’d already created a barrier at the perimeter…”  He raised a forefinger and looked over his shoulder.  “Unlike me, Jim would have needed a running start to vault over it…”  Sherlock walked to the edge and looked back at the centre.
Sherlock gripped my shoulder.  When he spoke, his words were clipped and low or they were in my head and he didn’t speak aloud at all.
I drew in a sharp breath at the size of the space and the dazzle of rainbow prisms bouncing back and forth between the mirrors that stood in place of windowpanes along both sides of the room.  I would not be surprised to learn that the vast hall went all the way to the parallel road as there were four windows on the distant opposite wall, if the closed curtains were not disguising something other than windows.
Tail thumping against the turf, Baskerville turned to look at me, mouth open, almost as though he were laughing.
The lioness rolled back onto her feet, shook her head and let the branch in her mouth fly.  Baskerville hurtled after it and brought it back, laying it at the lioness's feet.  She tossed it again.
A valet, of stealthy step, thence conducted me, in silence, through many dark and intricate passages in my progress to the studio of his master.
“For the best my limp got sorted out earlier.  Who knows where I might have left my cane with all of that going on,” I said and chuckled.  I had reached that stage of fatigue.
Sherlock descended from the roof to the hallway, wincing at the squawks emerging from the other side of the door.  He folded his scarf around Puck’s box, slipped it behind a few books on the bottom shelf of the bookcase on the landing and crawled under the door.
I watched the improbable animals snuggling a few metres from me and the heat of my declaration dissipated, but not the anxiety that my doubt could pose a threat to Sherlock.
The swan opened both eyes and lifted his head.  It was not like the song of any bird he knew nor like the songs of his cousins.  It was very sweet, like fresh leaves and fish eggs.
What John could see was a fairly new flat of the open-plan variety, littered with books and papers, photographs and art supplies.  There was a keyboard along the western wall near a half-open door revealing a smaller room equally bright with late afternoon light.  The only thing keeping the flat from having the cluttered appearance of Baker Street was the size of the space and the sparser and less eclectic nature of the furnishings.
“People with a cart have a broken wheel along the northern path.  I’ll send Wiggins to help,” Sherlock said.  “Wait here.  I’ll only be a moment.”
“But not how much,” I added and raised my forearm to his mouth.  “Take more.  It strengthens you.  I can see that.”
I rested my cheek on the top of his head.  “Can this be explained in bed,” I asked.  “My mind is awake, but my body isn’t.”
“And what is this?” Oberon said, extracting a gold-tipped white feather from the cobwebs in the box and holding it up.
“You know, the guy with the jet black hair down to here,” Alan said, touching his hand to his waist.”  I saw them from the towpath one day when they were out on the balcony.  It was too far for introductions.  We just waved.  Later, Madeleine told me he was her new assistant.”  Alan looked out the balcony doors.  “It’s lovely to face the water.  My flat overlooks the road.”  He grimaced.  “Not the same at all.”
Mr Holmes leaned against the side of the doorway, the lighted corner of his mouth twitching upwards.  “In turbulent times, secret rooms and passageways have their uses,” he said, “although some were simply for the servants.”  He shrugged and slipped from view.
She opened the door a moment later, mobile to her ear and stood back, motioning John and Sherlock in.
Baskerville lay down and the lioness licked his head and his face.  Baskerville’s tail started to thump the ground.
“Take a cap and a scarf and your gloves.  You may well be warm enough walking up, but coming back after dawn, you’ll be wanting them,” Mrs Hudson said, handing me the items one by one and keeping a sharp eye on me until I’d stuffed them all in my pockets, except the scarf, which I’d hung about my neck.
He hung by a thread in a corner and studied the room.  The blue-green luminescence lighting most of the flat belonged to him, but the bricks above the grate were tinged with Puck’s rosy hue.  Puck had come down from the roof to find his hiding place, not up from the room, and for some reason that conclusion pleased Sherlock.
To be polite, I tasted it.  My spoon didn't rest in the dish again until I had finished it.  I resisted the urge to lick the bowl.
“So, we are to believe that this inanimate object hopped off its platform on the lawn, slipped through the trees and chased the deceased across the bridge, and in an effort to elude her pursuer, the deceased shifted to her alternate form and attempted flight,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Unsuccessfully, I might add.”
“There are a lot of cigarette ends around the front steps and along the pavement.  Mr Chatterjee said they’ve been sweeping them up every morning and Mrs Turner said they’ve been falling down the grate over the windows of her basement flat.”
The silk and linen closest to my skin began to cling.  The scent of evergreens warmed by the sun and autumn leaves moistened by the rain followed me round the floor and each time I was close enough to Sherlock to smell his fragrance, I would close my eyes for an instant and see roses climbing bare oak branches, full of thorns and flowers that cared not for the season.  Even there, I could see the pattern to follow as lines spread over the ground, round the trees - narrow paths of violets and bluebells and strawberries.  My steps felt true.
“Good.  I’ll send Kit up to stir for you.  He and Midnight are down there having a late lunch.”  She added another pot to the basket.  “I could cut off a bit of your willow branch for him to stir with.  Shall I?”
“Milk, please, no sugar,” I replied, pulling the lab door back into the position in which I had found it.
Sherlock took a step back and then another and another.  I kept at least my fingertips touching him and thus he drew me across the room.
“I believe you have your answer,” I said, “but unless you have a secret twin you haven’t told me about, that will remain a hypothetical question.”
“How do you know it’s Mike’s handiwork?" John asked.  He peeked at the top of Sherlock’s head between his legs and closed his eyes again.
That night, it was Sherlock’s arm I felt beneath my face when I lay my head on my pillow.  The feeling lasted for days.
Sherlock focussed on the branch.  “You’ll have two of him by the river steps,” he said.  “If you help Archie tend the cuttings, they’ll grow faster.”  He reached out and stroked the branch.
“Yes, and they had lots of questions for the doctors we had in with that specialism, but the trainees will do rotations in A&E.  What they won’t see first hand, is what you can tell them.”  Mike had his hands on the edge of the table and was leaning forward as he spoke.  I’d nearly forgotten how earnest his face can look; it’s been so long since we worked together.  Raising a pint or having lunch doesn’t usually call for it.
“Show me how good your aim is.”   His glance returned to my eyes.  “With the bow,” he added softly, his eyes saying something more.
Holmes smiled.  “Carry on,” he said as he took the heated beaker off the flame with a pair of long, metal tongs.
“You still look peaky, dear.  Stepping through will do that when you’re not used to it,” she concluded and exited briskly.
Hours seemed to have passed.  The twisted roots of the wood gave way to grass.  He hastened towards the music, stepped on a nettle and cried out.
He flung stuff out of drawers, found a lighter.  He cupped the flame and turned towards the hearth.  The flame blew out.  He tried again.  The flint split and fell on the floor.
“When you’re ready, spread your wings and busk as loud as you can. Then, I will.”  He swam off a short way to allow room.
“They've got a clutch, across the canal,” Sherlock said.  “He’s been brooding.”  He picked up a dish from the workbench and held it out to the dragon.
“John, come eat before you get started on whatever Sherlock’s left for you to do,” she said and held out an envelope.  “He may forget to sleep and eat, but I’m not going to let you starve on my watch.”
The sky was white with lightening.  The wind howled.  Branches thrashed.  Small trees fell, limbs entangled, bark ripping as they scraped past.  The ground shook when they landed.
It was brisk when I emerged into the air, a faint breeze stirring the evergreen leaves about me.  I grinned at my achievement and took my bearings, hedge of rosemary along the half-wall to my left, holly tree in the corner to my right.  Satisfied that I could locate the door to the stairs again, I turned east towards the gibbous moon.
"Why's that?" I mumbled, my memory starting to return.  There had been another bloke, old fellow, with us.
She plumped herself down on one end.  “OK, bring that basket up here and we’ll go through the merits of each.”
“It is for certain creatures.”  He sat back down, lower on my legs this time.  “I’ve made a couple significant mistakes, I’m afraid.”
There had been other times, when the dark was too dark.  Like the night I made Harry stay at my hall of residence because everything felt wrong when I had walked her down to the door.  Harry had looked at my face and hadn’t argued, which was quite unlike Harry.
I had learned, too, the very remarkable fact, that the stem of the Usher race, all time-honored as it was, had put forth, at no period, any enduring branch; in other words, that the entire family lay in the direct line of descent, and had always, with very trifling and very temporary variation, so lain.
Sherlock half-smiled as he swung his coat over his shoulders.  “Grab some bread.  We can feed the birds while we wait.”
“Nowhere near.  Harder to kill than I would have thought though.  He ambushed me when I was nearly home.  It is disagreeable to confess that I had not detected his presence until he was almost upon me,” Sherlock said.
I looked more carefully around the room, this strange, deep room, with Sherlock’s head heavy against my thigh as he slept.  There were uneven lines in the grey walls, like the rings of a tree trunk, only vertical.
"Look more closely," Sherlock said.  "It's hand spun as well.  Note the pock marks on the chest.  He's survived small pox and those small wounds near his groin are from a recent application of leeches."
I nodded and took a sip of tea.  From some dark corner of my brain, a peevish voice whispered, “Everyone should ask your permission.”  I drank more tea.  I knew Sherlock’s eyes were on me.
“Will do,” Greg said with a half wave and stepped into the hall.  He leaned in around the door frame, phone to his ear and stared at the drawings a couple seconds more.  “You two really are made for each other,” he said.  “Allô, Jean-Pierre...oui...”  He gave us a nod and left, voice receding down the stairs.
"Nominally, yes, but they're all idiots," Sherlock said.  "Unbelievably slow and they've no imagination when it comes to thinking where to look for things.  Well, you've met some of them."
“Maybe the box came from one of these houses, then,” I said.  “Someone else could have had a sale last week or just been doing a clear-out.  Sherlock said the box had been underground.  Of course, it could have been somewhere dry for years and then moved to a cellar.”
A thread of sound wafted through the mist.  The swan didn’t lift his head, but he opened one eye.  It wasn’t the sound of wings for which he had waited so long.  It was the sound of song.  He knew song.  The small birds sang, and the creatures who had come out to the island in their hollow tree trunk had sung as they wielded their sticks and when they had eaten their food in the long grass under the trees.
“Good dog,” I gasped, bending over and resting my hands on my knees to catch my breath.  “How on earth does Mrs Hudson keep up with you?”  I gulped down some more air.  “Or do you not take her on such a run?”
I held it in front of my face.  It was clearer than most of the others and had split neatly in half.  I touched one of the edges to my lip.  It felt sharp.  My lip would be easier to cut than a finger.
I picked up my tea and took a sip, let it sit on my tongue before I swallowed.  I took a deep breath and savoured the scent of spice cake and charred wood, old leather and a faint hint of dog.  I exhaled and leaned back in the well-cushioned chair as the last traces of damp and chill that had beset me in the street were burnt away by the fire.
I shoved my feet into my slippers, snatched my dressing gown off its hook, and hurried after him.  From the hall, through the library and the passageway to the music room, I followed, Sherlock always just disappearing around the next corner or through the next doorway.
Sherlock's sword swung upwards, slicing the limb from the body of whatever creature wielded it.  With a thud, the limb and the spear dropped into the boat.
“Something different tonight, then,” he whispered, arm curving behind my neck, muscles taut as he rolled me onto my back once more.
Sherlock stared at the floor.  Spilt blood formed an irregular outline around where we had been seated.  Pointed green leaves were sprouting from the darkening stains.  “Thistles.”  He looked at me.  “I should have predicted that.”  He frowned.  “Mind where you step, the leather of your shoes is soft.”
“No,” Sherlock said, with a quick glance at Ms Swann’s progress over the bridge.  “I’m still going to ask her if she’d like to withdraw…but after we see the lab report.”
He was up on the knoll, running around the restaurant’s patio and leaping periodically into the air.  If he was chasing something, it was too small for me to see, but my gesticulating caught his eye and he came barrelling down the hill towards me.  I was feeling pleased with myself for being able to afford the animal this simple pleasure when a shadow detached itself from a distant group of trees and loped across the ground on an intercept course with Baskerville.
As though I had punctured its sphere, the crimson haze leaked away.  I let out a long breath and looked at him.
“I’ve been having unusual dreams,” she said suddenly, looking down at her hands that were clasped in her lap.  “I’m sorry, I know you’re a detective, not a psychologist.”
I walked to the doorway and saw Sherlock open a door just inside the supply room.  It was not one I had used, or even noticed; the small freezer that was part of the refrigeration unit in the main lab had been sufficient for the experiments with which I had assisted.
“It’s an old house; it has…quirks,” he said, “and now that you've been found, I wouldn’t want to lose you.”
The tea cup rattled against the saucer in Corvus’ hand.  He set it aside and reached again into his jacket, this time taking out an envelope.
“That doesn’t make any sense.  Oh.  Setting the record straight would be awkward and it would reveal Adamantine’s unprofessional part in the deception,” I said.
“I don’t know yet.  As with the others, the victims had been in the water for a while, the photos Lestrade sent were from a distance and taken in poor light by the night watchman who noticed the remains.  Not very helpful.  What was left of the bodies have been found washed up on the foreshore of the river, so it may be something that swims or it could be the river was simply used to dispose of the remains,” Sherlock replied.  His voice grew fainter; he was moving away.
The centre of the flame resembled a hooded figure.  It wavered as the flame flickered in the draught.  Its face was in shadow until a long-fingered hand reached up and pushed the red hood back.  The face grew larger then, like a camera was zooming in on it.
I glared at my cards, my thumb pressing down hard against the one in the middle, the ace of diamonds.  A perfectly ordinary ace of diamonds it had been when I first looked at my hand.  And, to either side of it had been ordinary knaves, hearts to the left, diamonds to the right.  They had been flanked by the ace of hearts on the left and the king of clubs on the right.  Two pairs, aces and knaves.  A decent hand that I would have been happy to see in an ordinary poker game, but then the images had shifted.  The diamonds had grown pale and begun to sparkle.  The hearts had pulsed softly around their knave, who raised a violin to his shoulder.  In its frame, the empty eyes of the knave of diamonds gained a gleam of blue and the angular lines of his garish garments softened and darkened to fall in heavy folds of indigo.  His head turned and he looked me up and down, appraisingly.  On the far left, the silver of the ace of spades shimmered on a snowy field.  Lastly, on the right edge, the king of clubs grew verdant.  His crown darkened to a wreath of clover, his robes took on a leafy hue, and the face beneath the wreath was clean-shaven and raven-haired.  In one hand, he held a retort, in the other, a pipette.  A royal apothecary?  An alchemist?  A poisoner?
Sherlock dragged me to the bank and thrust my foot into the water practically before my bum hit the grass.  Steam rose from the surface.
In the bright electric light, the passageway appeared reassuringly empty, so I switched the pot back to my two-handed carrying position and made my way to the apothecary.
She smiled.  “Good.  I’ve got sweets cooling in the kitchen that I need to dip again when we get back.  Sherlock is partial to the ginger ones, but I varied the recipe for you.”
“Just a couple lads from the flats nearby, out skateboarding along the walk in front of the school.  They said they heard a sort of chittering from under the bridge and the older one lost his balance.  When he had caught his board, his brother turned his phone light up towards the sound.  What they saw caused a panicked call to their mother,” Lestrade said, catching up with Sherlock.  “When she got here, Mum phoned us.  Call was logged at 23:06.”
The light and the song merged into an aura around us and I confined my gaze to the path ahead, picking my way over the gnarled roots, dragging the willow behind me.
“’Course, sure,” John replied, easing the other bags off his arm to leave in the hall.  “It smells great, whatever you’re doing,” he added as he made his way to the kitchen.
It was my turn to smile.  I drank more.  “No wonder the ballroom is so full.  I’d come a long way just to taste this.”
I dropped it onto the palm of my other hand.  Felt for the balance.  It wasn’t like mine.  It wouldn’t throw true.  I gripped the hilt.  It didn’t fit to my left hand either.
I put my hands over my face. When I’ve been wild, when he’s been away, when I have lain, sated and breathless beside him, there have been times when I’ve begged him to do whatever he wanted so long as we didn’t stop.
I was not surprised when I found another note the next afternoon.  Three days this time.  I growled.
“They are pretty, aren’t they?  But they also let light down into the hammam.  Anytime you want a proper steaming and scrubbing, just say, and we’ll get the boilers going and tell Billy.  Sherlock says he gives an excellent massage…”
“No, he disappeared.  He’d stopped right in the middle and was looking over the railing at what turned out to be this building,” I said.  “I was across the road by the pub and between one blink of my eyes and the next, he was gone.”
John’s left arm lifted, curved around Sherlock’s back.  “I let them close enough to get some friction.”  He exhaled.  Sherlock’s curls moved with the force of it.  “For a while, they think they’re in, but then they realise that they’re still outside.  Have always been outside.”  He rested his cheek on top of Sherlock’s head and closed his eyes.  “Somehow you got in.”
“In Leeds.  My parents went abroad for work the year before I was to take my GCSEs, so I stayed with my grandparents on the grounds of Leeds Castle.  They both had jobs there.”  The smile in her voice was clear.  “I even worked there the summer before university.  In the gift shop.”
An oar scraped lightly against a rough surface.  We turned into a narrow channel.  A ruddy glow revealed the outlines of a small wooden building by the water.  We sped past it.
John knelt astride the outflung arm, smoothed his damp towel from Sherlock’s shoulders to his thighs.
“Do not despair.  You will know the feel of me when only the stars remain in the sky to watch."  The tip of his tongue traced the edge of my ear.  "Even in utter darkness you could feel me, if your desire proves strong enough."
I thought she might already know the answer to that question, but I replied anyway.  "Only a few weeks," I said, shaking my head because it did seem much longer.
Wind blew in through the open doors, pulling the curtains from their ties, ruffling the table linens and swirling the acrid fumes away.
“I did.”  I pointed at the candle surrounded by juniper on the table.  “And when I ate one of those.”
“That must be too cold for you,” Mrs Hudson said and pulled something behind the curtains.  The pane of glass rotated back into place.
Sherlock smiled.  “They have a lot of regular customers.  I deduce a few things about them and the owner picks the inoffensive bits and prints them off.  Lǎng serves the two for tuppence cookies to newcomers.”
Oberon waited to raise the lid of the box until she was near.  He and Mycroft stood as she approached.  Oberon kissed her hand and Mycroft her cheek.  Puck turned a backward somersault and handed her a clover he had plucked from the grass.  He returned his chin to the table.  Titania passed the clover to her lady-in-waiting and waved her attendants away.
“The more delicate specimens are in the conservatories and some of the frost-hardy ones that need more sun are up in the roof gardens,” he added.
Between the lace of the curtain, the hazy light of the day and the brim of our visitor’s hat, I had not had a clear view of his countenance from the window.  In our doorway, however, he was like a framed portrait of some noble scion weighed down too soon by sorrow.  The colour was drained from his face, which only heightened the beauty of its lines and threw his large, dark eyes into startling contrast.  He looked from me to Holmes and parted his lips to speak.  Judging from the formality of his dress, that bore every token of mourning I had ever encountered and a couple that I had not, I expected him to address us with equal formality.  He surprised me.
“It was cool against my feet.  It rippled as I moved.  I could see no shore, just dark glimmers as the ripples spread across the surface and disappeared.  At first, there was no sound but that of the water and then a light breeze began to blow, ruffling the surface even more than my steps.  Beneath my feet, I could feel the water thrumming.  I leapt and spun and I wanted to sing.”
“He hadn’t gone too far.  He was swimming in leisurely circles in front of Ms Swann’s building.  Someone on one of the balconies overlooking the water tossed what looked like bread in his direction.  He ignored it.  The geese were keen though.  A few people snapped pictures of him.  One woman held out half a sandwich.  Mr Swan wasn’t interested in that either.  The gulls saw their chance and went for it.  After a few minutes, I returned to Hormead Road and waited for you.”
Sherlock put his forefinger next to mine.  My whole body registered it.  I withdrew, busied myself separating the vial and capping it.  “What do you want on the label?” I asked, reaching for the biro that was clipped to the front of my folder.
“The book doesn’t smell musty.  It hadn’t been stored in the mouldy carton you sequestered in the hall.  The book had been added to that box just before it was put in the street.”
“That the moon likes little better than to have her stones draw blood,” he murmured between little licks at my chin.  I supposed some of the blood might have dripped there.
Whatever part of the beast hit the bottom of the skiff then, it made the boat boom like a drum.  The next impact was not as strong, but was followed by a scrabbling sound on the hull.
I considered the dim light from the glowing orbs, glanced over my shoulder at the faint glow from the few stones left scattered in the hearth and back at Sherlock.  He’d said he was hot a few moments before.  “But the heat necessary for such a process would incinerate…”  My eyes rose to the ceiling.  “This whole house and you and me and everyone else in it.”
“It would take thousands of insects to lift a cloak,” I said, not totally comfortable with the image forming in my mind.
“I’ll only be a moment,” she promised, sliding away.  She looked over her shoulder as she walked towards the ladies.  She smiled when she saw he was watching.
That was very close.  If I had leaned forward only slightly I could have kissed his abdomen just above the drawstring of his pyjama bottoms or I could have tugged on the end of the bow and seen whether they fell off of his narrow hips.  I suspected the swell of his buttocks would hold the garment up even with the tie undone.
She placed a cup of tea and a small vase with a flower on my night table.  “That’s the first daffodil from the courtyard,” she said.  “Very early for them.”
Sherlock looked up, eyes green with reflected wormlight.  “I thought you had fixed it so human mechanisms couldn’t detect our kind after that fuss with the photographs.”
We stood watching as horse and cart trundled across the clearing, skirting those milling about the oak tree and halting where the hill fell away to the south.
He shook his head.  “I don’t know,” he said and withdrew his hand.  The little chains flailed in the air.
“I’m surprised they could spare the time to make my breakfast,” I said and took a sip of the tea.  It was red and, my god, it was good.  I think I felt it in my toes.  Rose hip, I realised.
I narrowed my eyes in the faint light.  Water poured down the backs of the outer statues, splashed over the little bridge.  It was this movement of the water that was catching the light and making the figures seem to undulate.  I scanned the other balconies looking for sources of light other than the moon.  There was nothing but deeper shadows, almost human in shape, against the dark windows as though others looked out on the scene from their balconies with the same interest as I.  The plash of the fountain reverberated from the courtyard walls, sounding like sighs in the confined space.  The shapes on the balconies seemed to merge, shifting with a rhythm that matched the fall of the water.
Kit pushed the last tart from his plate into his mouth and stood.  He held out his arms and Midnight jumped into them.  “I should go help, sir,” he said around the remains of the tart.
I did know that, of course.  I smoothed the fabric on the arm of my chair and cleared my throat.  “Yes, well.  Madame Willow had been highly recommended to Kate Whitney by her sister, and a neighbour, as a very respectable and talented spiritualist, who had known things that only they could know about their departed husbands and so Mrs Whitney wished to visit this Madame Willow to set her mind at ease by communicating with Isa.”
I felt more assured, kept time with more ease, arriving where I was supposed to be when I was supposed to be there.  Sherlock seemed pleased.  My tension ebbed; the steps were on my skin, after all – in my blood.  I started to see the lines ahead of me, beckoning.  I hesitated to follow.  Alert to deceit, I compared them first to the patterns I had memorised.  I didn’t know what others might be able to make me see.
“That happens sometimes,” she said, patting my arm.  “If the moon and the earth and the frame of mind are right almost anyone can step through once.  The heath is where it happens most, but other places open up, too, now and then.  Trouble is, few know how to get back, if they want to get back, that is.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but Siròc dived again.  Another person was standing, arms raised, near where the old woman had parted from her companions.  Again, Siròc snatched something from their hands, swept high into the air and dropped what she’d taken into the fire.  A dog took shape in the flames.  It ran in circles, raced to the little boy, then bounded away again.  The boy stooped, picked up a flaming stick and threw it towards the tree.  The dog leapt after it…and was gone.
“I doubt the amount of time surprised him,” Sherlock said.  “He’s had to wait a year for their mother’s bequest.”
“Yes and yes,” John replied.  “I’ll have to do more research.  I’ve been reading about human genetic medicine not veterinary medicine.”
There had been, no doubt, more to the play, but the actors’ voices seemed far away and when I looked upon the stage, I did not see them.  The lights shone on a grassy mountainside, glistening with the spray from falling water.  Only the music reached me now and again when a run of notes reminded me of what Holmes played alone in our sitting room.
Without the flicker of a candle, the musicians played on.  The clarinet joined the flute and the drum.
John tilted his head and wrote, “All in black, of course.”  Why had no one sent him the memo about the dress code.
We were on the east side of the Manor, an orientation which the sinking moon behind us allowed me to identify.  I was surprised I had the presence of mind to take note of it.
Sherlock’s hands dropped to his lap, his gaze dropping with them.  “I’ve been working on the rings for a few months.  You were going to need them at some point.”  He picked up an odd-sized band from the cushion, began rolling it between his fingers.  “I started on the others as soon as the plan for this ball was visited on us.  You’ll…”
A long leg stretched towards my seat.  When the ankle was hooked over the far side, he pushed the rest of his lower body after it.
He stood.  “I’ll give you a quick tour, so you can find your way to your room and back here safely.”
The prelude commenced as the curtain rose on the lavish sets for which Irving’s Lyceum was renowned.  I had only had a moment to appreciate them when I heard the first familiar flurry of notes.  Eyes widening, I leaned forward, elbows upon the padded edge of our box, but the melody merged into a welter of other sounds and I slumped back in my chair.  I managed not to grumble aloud and, although my posture was less eager, my ears remained pricked, and as the second act unfolded, a familiar phrase riveted me.  It was not, however, a musical one.  Upon the stage, a Roman officer described Cleopatra to his comrade:
At the end of the room, a target was positioned between the curtained windows.  It was too large for darts.  There were no pockmarks in the adjacent walls that I could see and the curtains did not appear torn.  Either Mr Holmes was an excellent archer or archery was not practiced here at all.  I was still judging the distance from where we stood when he eased the harp away from my grasp and placed an unstrung bow in my hand.
We don’t always play cards when we retire of an evening or early morning or mid-afternoon.   Sometimes we are too tired, ofttimes too aroused, but now and then one of us deals a hand and we check whether the cards have retained their unusual properties.  For purely scientific purposes, of course.  So far, they have.
I wiggled my toes; they seemed in good order.  I checked the windows.  Our reflections danced against an inky background.  I looked across at my partner.  Her head was crowned with shiny, brown plaits woven with sprigs of acacia.  Her robe matched the vibrant yellow of the flowers.
John was sure she was beginning to appreciate what a bold step it was to lay her problems before Sherlock Holmes.  John stared down at his notebook, waiting for her to steady her nerves, and wondered what Sherlock had made of his notes of the case so far, because, of course, he would have read them before tucking them into his coat pocket to bring them along.
I crouched down and found one of the places where the branches grew from the polished wood at the base of the spindles.
Madeleine didn’t open her eyes.  The dream was the most vivid she had ever had.  She didn’t want it to end.
Mrs Hudson had left us to rendezvous in Bath with her sister, Lily, and her neice, Flora, for a holiday of sight-seeing for the younger generation and reminiscing for the older.  Mrs Hudson had begun rehearsing her tales with me and by the time she departed I felt I knew more about her family than I did about my own.  In her absence, Mrs Turner had served us one sumptuous meal after another, but Baskerville had had to remind whoever he could find that he needed his nightly constitutional.  I was rather chuffed that after only four days, he had come to me.  I chose to ignore the fact I had gleaned about Wiggins having been sent out of town.
“Sometimes, when Harry and I would stay with them in the summer.  My grandad would buy furniture to re-finish and sell for a little extra cash after he retired from the army.”
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said.  “Gracious, you did give me a fright.  Maybe it’s because of the fragrance in your sheets.  I put lavender in all the linen cupboards and the wardrobes, too.  Was it a nightmare, dear?” she asked, her brow furrowing further.
The thought of anaphylactic shock crossed John’s mind.  Some remembrance of the danger of asking mythic beings to appear in their true form was in there, too.
“Arms down,” he said and I admired the snowfall that drifted from my shoulders when my head emerged.
“I had that golden apple dessert last year,” Kit said as he peeled the shell off a roasted chestnut.  “It made everything sparkle.”
The only touring that had been accomplished had been directly after lunch.  When I had explained what time I had to be back to attend to the experiments, Mrs Hudson had decided it would be best to go straight up to the roof and leave the labyrinth of rooms for another day.
Beyond our circle of sparks, the room was dark.  Inside, my part of our design glowed weakly.  Sherlock’s part was barely there.
Sherlock appeared totally confident of where St Bartholomew's walls would rise a millenium hence.  I had already learned how well he knew modern London.  Perhaps he knew it in every age.  So, he led and Lestrade and I followed, trundling our sea monster along behind us.
John raised an eyebrow, but kept his eyes on his notebook.  He thought Sherlock was really embracing this role, but then, Sherlock liked role-playing.
I was walking towards it when Sherlock bounded past me and onto the stage.  “Hey,” I called as he disappeared through the arches at the back.  I ran around to the steps and hurried after him.
Another flicker of motion caught my eye.  The discarded leech was inching across the floor, dragging Sherlock’s shrivelling flesh with it.  It was already half-way to the edge of our design, creeping along one of my straight lines, even as it rotated.  Right-handed, I threw my silver dagger over Sherlock’s bleeding shoulder.  The knife hit home with a thump, the tip pinning the leech to the floor.
I slowed down enough to think about which of the two remaining packages to open next, because opening them all was definitely my plan.  I was fairly sure what the wide, thin parcel contained, but I set the package above it carefully aside and pulled the plain, brown wrapping paper apart with a touch more decorum.  Four sketch books lay across the top of a large pad of bristol which covered much of an even larger one beneath it.  I wiped my hand on my shirt and lifted the cover of one, ran my fingertip over the fine grain of the surface near the bottom edge.
In the pit, Sherlock stood motionless, fingers steepled under his chin, eyes flickering from the dark corners of the galleries to the numerous openings behind, beneath and above the stage.
He pressed himself against my back, cheek resting against the top of my head.  “That could be arranged,” he replied as his arms closed about me.  “In a while.”
“Twenty-four to thirty-six hours since the end of the pregnancy,” Molly replied, looking up at Sherlock.  “I’ve seen no other signs of pregnancy in her body and no signs of a disease that might produce those hormones in her blood and I re-ran the tests three times,” she continued, rounding the table to stand next to me.  “That this individual has recently been pregnant is all I can affirm.”
I was about to say that I could barely see the door from where I stood when the oil lamps either side of the door ignited.
My left hand had not trembled in over a year, but I clenched it by my side in case he was checking for any sign of vulnerability.  I sincerely hoped that he couldn’t do anything close to what Sherlock could with regard to my thoughts, and yet, looking at his eyes, I thought that he might be able to.  The notion wasn’t pleasing.
I should.  A question had been asked; I ought to answer it.  I considered the vial in my hand, placed it carefully back in its stand.  The question had been about the experiment.  I glanced at the notes again.
I tucked my fingers between the pillow and his back, pulling his vest higher as I did.  “Yeah, I suppose that’s where the idea came from, although he’d died before I finished university, so he never knew I actually did it.”
“It sounds like a sword cutting through the air.”  Her left hand sliced through the air.  “That’s thought to be why mute swans don’t call to one another as they fly as other swans do, because they can hear the sound of each other’s wings.”
"All right," Lestrade said.  "There are cross pieces nailed into the posts.  If you'd like to climb up that is, rather than waiting for high tide down there."
I placed my hand against the dark oak of the door, the heel of my palm brushing against one of the long iron hinges.
“Ah,” I said as I took the harp in my arms.  Its shoulder fit against mine.  I plucked a string, the rest of the lyrics following fast upon the sound.  I searched for a higher note, then another.  I let the echoes fade away before I plucked a fourth.  I winced and pressed my hand lightly against the strings.
Sherlock’s eyebrow went up and Wiggins edged towards the door.  “I’ll urge them on.  I will,” he promised, hunching his bony shoulders and raising the door’s latch.
I considered his pallid, ordinary face and the expressions he exaggerated nearly to parody.  Usually, that was his mask, I decided.  But the hunger on his face when he looked at Sherlock was raw and genuine and he would have done better to continue to disguise it.  Even if it would be hard without a velvet mask.
Half-way up the stairs, John heard a violin, plaintive and seemingly far away.  His feet slowed; he rose on tip-toe, hesitated outside the door.  It was ajar.
I heard a hiss and a howl in it  and tried to identify the melody.  I failed.  It was doing something though, I was sure, and it wasn’t directed at me.
“Reginald, that’s the cousin.  Popular name in their family.  Mrs Turner’s given name is Regina.  Anyway, Reginald thought the carton must have belonged to a vampire because they live for centuries, and this one kept newspaper articles tucked away about his most famous victims, but they got used for wrapping up his things when…”
The section I was reading was a long one, covering fractures of both mundane and supernatural origin and their complications.  The piece of music at the end covered two pages with cramped notation.  I began to hum, then thought better of it.  My harp would yield more precise tones.  A quick glance about revealed no harp, which puzzled me until I recalled that it was next to my bed, where I’d set it aside once Sherlock had fallen asleep as the sky brightened to a lighter grey with the dawn.
My eyes wandered over Sherlock’s back.  If he didn’t straighten up soon, I wouldn’t be responsible for my actions.
Sherlock glided along the wall to the corner where the curved balustrade joined the side of the building and paused.  I stopped just behind him and surveyed the terrace.  We were in the shade thrown by the foliage of the nearest urn standing adjacent to the balustrade.  To the east, massive trees hid the view along the near bank.  Only the sound of the water hinted that the river continued to wend its way between them.  Gnarled canes of climbing rose with thorns thicker than my fingers covered the stone wall of the house.  Shoots red with young leaves and green buds arched away from it over the grassy verge between the wall and the canopy of the trees.  I took care not to lean back against the stone.
“No,” I replied and slapped the journal onto the table beside my chair, narrowly missing my tea cup.  A few more measured inhalations had apparently been needed.  I took a couple of them before I spoke.  “The artist’s brother is no doubt a worthy fellow, but I don’t see why he has to represent you to the British public.  It doesn’t do you an ounce of justice.”
I narrowed my eyes at the information ornately set forth on the card.  What made me think it might be necessary?
“Tonight, it will have been a year and a day since we became lovers,” he said, thoughtfully.  “Particular periods of time have an effect on magical beings.  They can serve as catalysts or intensifiers or nullifiers.”
“How’s that going?  All the stairs,” Mike asked, eyes drifting to the cane hooked over the back of John’s chair.
His cheek was like chalk.  The colours of the torch flames and the fires dotted about the clearing didn’t seem to reach him.  He was as pale as the moon we awaited.
“Just below the water,” I said, staring at the bolt.  The stones either side of it were pulling away from the mortar, tilting upwards at the seam.  “A dead…a deadly eye.  I hit it there.”  I shivered.  “The wind is cold along the river.”
Sherlock was stood by his chair, taking his jacket off, revealing the purple shirt underneath.  He draped his jacket over a desk chair and took a step closer to me.
I put it round my neck, unfastened, and looked over at him.  In the low light, his pallor had taken on a blue cast.  I had never seen him wear any metal that wasn’t silvery.  The first dagger he’d given me was silver.  It needed polishing every new moon.
I tilted the box up to check the bottom; much of it was water-stained as well.  The packing tape sealing the flaps together had peeled away on one side.  “I’m surprised it held together long enough for you to get it up here.”  I lowered the carton gently and went to the kitchen to find a recycling sack.
Holmes’s smile grew broader.  “There may have been a tune I heard the herders in Tibet using to call their animals home from the slope.  It was graceful.”  His hand described a figure eight, or perhaps it was the sign for infinity, in the air between us.  “And it always seemed to work.”
"I thought that had been turned into a sewer," I said and it seemed a pity that that had been the fate of almost all of London's rivers.
“It was worse when he was a puppy.  He would sit by the glass for hours.  Used to upset Mrs Hudson terribly.  She’d bring him special tidbits of food to entice him to come away, when he was old enough to eat them.  He was a neonate, underweight and blind when I brought him home, so for a couple months we could just scoop him up and put him wherever we wanted him.” Sherlock said.
I looked to Sherlock.  His eyes were working on boring a hole in the side of Mycroft’s head and his curls remained restless.  As pissed off as he appeared to be, and he didn’t seem to be making any effort to hide it, he looked so fiercely beautiful that anyone might want him.
The significance of the month of February having ended, however, I did know.  This was what he had been waiting for.
John’s hand slipped down between them to Sherlock’s thigh.  “Thinking a lot about sex were you?” John asked.  He brushed his hand over Sherlock’s erection.
She leaned back on the sofa.  “Juniper.”  She nodded to herself.  “It’s in the wine, too.  We have to keep track of which things affect you that way.”
Sherlock paused in the doorway and raised an eyebrow.  “Surely, you are keen to cast your medically-trained eye over the lab results as soon as possible.”
“I’ll bag my clothes and send them to the dry cleaners tomorrow just to be safe, but I don’t think any of these moulds is the causative agent.”
I lifted my hand.  The knave of hearts retained his gun, but had lost most of his clothing.  The knave of diamonds and the king of clover were nearly nude as well and were busy demonstrating to the prone knave of hearts just how much they appreciated him.
Sherlock opened the door onto a corridor of grey, rough-hewn stone lit by iron sconces that had been fitted with frosted glass and electrified.  “I took a jug of milk with me from the canteen for the ride home and let him lick it off my fingers, wrapped up in my scarf on my lap.”
I steadied the willow in the crook of my elbow and uncapped the flask.  Steam rose up and I closed my eyes a moment before taking a sip.  I held it on my tongue before swallowing.  It made its way known all the way down, warm and a little tart, but not tart enough to mask the taste of rose and lavender.  “Yours is a little different from mine,” I said, handing the flask back.
“The transition can be disorienting,” he said, pulling himself up to full height.  “What did you see?”
Sherlock looked up from his book.  “You know where that led,” he said, accepting the fruit, “and I would have preferred a ginger nut.”
I tilted it to the light.  “Madeline Anabel Lenore Usher and…ah, here is Lt Simpson, but why wasn’t ‘beloved husband’ written on the tomb?”
“No, I put those out here just a minute ago.  I hadn’t even made it to the kitchen when I heard you coming in.”
Sherlock turned his wings blue, trimmed them with black, scalloped borders and a series of increasingly large, white spots.  He angled his wings so that his colours shimmered.
Mrs Hudson wagged a forefinger.  “That’s not her theory.  She’s convinced that he didn’t just write about time machines, but actually had one, so it would have been with him when he lived on Baker Street and instead of popping down to the newsagent for his morning paper, he’d pop into his time machine and go back to whatever date interested him and buy his newspapers there.”  Mrs Hudson folded her hands in front of her.  “She’s very pleased with that theory.
John shuddered, his foot twitched.  The empty beer bottle rolled over the wooden floor until it clanked against the hearthstone.  His eyes flew open.  Shadow-draped shapes surrounded him, faint lights strobed across the ceiling.  The curtains flapped.
“Ah,” Angelo said, looking upwards.  “A good choice, a beautiful choice.” He picked up the menu.  “I will bring you a candle.”
John followed Sherlock down the corridor which followed the eastern wall of the building.  Its patterned yellow and red brickwork was exposed; its row of high, round windows dotted the smooth, modern wall opposite it with circles of pearly light.  Sherlock stopped before a door at the end of the hall that was painted a fashionable light grey.  He lifted the brushed steel door-knocker and paused.
There.  He was there.  Bent over his workbench, half obscured by the vapours rising from his retorts.
“Because the swan is changing into a man and you caught it on film, John.  I’ve not read of that ever having been done before.”
My belt buckle was digging into my stomach.  I nudged the packages down my thighs a bit and managed to undo it, opened the button at my waist while I was at it.  That felt so much better; it had been worth the effort.  My hand fell to my side.
It was not until we had made a turn that took us from the road Corvus’ carriage was following that Holmes uttered a syllable.  “John,” he said, his eyes shifting from the view out the cab window to my face.
I liked his hair untamed, a preference of which Holmes was aware.  Although today, it did not seem to be a summons to run my fingers through it and massage his scalp in a manner that results in an almost boneless relaxation of his wiry frame.  He has complimented me on this skilful adaptation of my medical knowledge.  I have not told him I learnt it of a barber in Kandahar.  Alas, I concluded that his dishabille meant no more than that he planned to spend the day in scientific pursuits at home and that he was oblivious to what I might be dreaming of doing.
The room was stuffy, but the warmth felt good on my back, which was the wettest part of me other than my feet.
On one of the staircases, I met the physician of the family. His countenance, I thought, wore a mingled expression of low cunning and perplexity. He accosted me with trepidation and passed on.
I glanced up.  Siròc still circled above the top of the tree, the light feathers of her underside golden in the firelight, the tops of her wings silvery in the moonlight when she dipped a wing to turn.
“Yes, sir,” Kit replied, walking around the fire.  “Not easy to light the path and carry that branch all the way up to the hill.  I can light the way for you.  I’m a good torch-bearer.”
“Good to know,” I said, burying my face in his hair and inhaling the scent of lavender.  My pulse sped up.  “And the music?”
…how they were the hands of a musician, an alchemist, a scholar.  He extolled Sherlock’s genius and waxed eloquent upon his beauty.
John listened to Sherlock’s footsteps recede.  “Right,” he muttered to himself and snatched the half-empty bag of Warburton’s seeded loaf from the kitchen table on his way out.
He was settled deep in his chair, the prayerful position of his hands leading my eyes to his mouth.  It did not require any assistance to garner admiration.  I lowered my eyes.  His shirt was nearly as dark as his suit and tight across his chest, the edges of the buttons ruddy in the glow of the flames.  Everything below merged with the shadows.  My gaze snapped higher.  Moonlight formed a nimbus around his curls.  He was the embodiment of mystery, bait and trap all in one.
I had moistened my handkerchief in the stream and, supporting his chin with one hand, wiped the grime from his cheek.  His eyelids had lowered and the nature of his smile had changed.  I had touched the corner of it with a fingertip.
I gaped wide-eyed, pointed at the gate in the wall then at the bird.  My eyes narrowed as I considered the wounds on Sherlock’s cheek.
.  We can assume that some of the words that we know would have been changed to suit a celebration of the solstice.  The same is true for
I turned my wrist with the dagger in my hand.  “An excellent quality in a weapon,” I observed, “which means I wanted to cut myself just now.”
I couldn’t hear it land over the hum of the crowd, but I saw a tremor shiver down the branches in front of me.
He sniggered.  “No one can withstand two of my leeches – not even a fine, tall fellow like Sherlock.  Mind, you’ve done well to be standing at all right now.  You have surprised me, but it won’t last.  The ichor is in his blood; it can’t be cut out.  It’s killing him now.  Think how desolate you will feel when he’s gone.  The despair as you think on how you weren’t able to help him one jot.”
The door led to the hallway, although the stairs seemed closer than usual and six or seven steps brought us to my bedroom door.
The insect hovered among the branches above the bed, settled on John’s shoulder when he sat and moistened the reed.
Rain had obscured the view from the train as we travelled west from Paddington to the Cotswolds.  It had drummed above us as the wheels churned below and with Holmes deep in thought on the seat opposite me, I had let the sway and rhythm of our conveyance lull me to sleep.  With a firm thump to my thigh, Holmes had called me forth from my slumbers at our destination, apparently in a different land, for the sun had poured down on us from a sky as blue as a butterfly’s wing.  We had deposited our cases at the most convenient inn, and set out immediately to investigate the environs of our new client’s misfortune.
I must have been moving far slower than I realised.  Food and sleep was what I needed, in fairly rapid succession.
He turned back to her.  “I’ve got a full time job now,” he said.  “Even so, the rent would be a stretch on my own.”
“But I did,” Sherlock insisted, drawing his hand away from John to gesticulate with it.  “I could smell how her perfume intensified when they began to sweat.”  His voice grew quieter.  “The coffin-maker loved her perfume.  He would bury his nose in her hair, taking big, gasping breaths of it, while he thrust up into her, one of her legs on his shoulder, the other hooked around his waist.  She made small sounds as she got closer to her climax and his arm around her waist would tighten.  I could feel how he felt inside her.  How he felt when he heard her sounds, how he thrust harder because he wanted to be deeper, as deep as he could be inside her.”
The light grew brighter, which encouraged me further.  The notion that it might be held by some hostile hand had crossed my mind until it had begun blinking the name Lestrade at me in Morse code.
“I won’t keep her here,” Corvus said.  “We can stay in the house in London or I’ll find another where the air is better in Hampstead or Richmond.  Or we could take a house in France or in Italy, so she can learn languages and study painting.  Roderick and I spent a year travelling in Europe after university.  It was a good year.”
“Legs have gone to sleep, too,” I remarked, smoothing out my sorely rumpled cloth and brushing away various leaves pressed into my skin.
“They are recordings of Mummy with the object of her latest infatuation, who happens to be a recent favourite of Father’s as well,” Mycroft said.  “I relieved Father of the key without his knowledge and left a facsimile in its place.  The substitution won’t be detected until Puck delivers the box.”
“Oh, you’ve done a fine job, Doct…John,” Mrs Hudson said, casting a smiling eye over the empty dishes.  “Mrs Turner will be pleased.”
She cleared her throat.  “One of the geese gave me a good nip on the leg and I turned to chide him.  When I looked back the cool shadow was gone.”
I glanced at Holmes and he returned the look, raising a brow before he resumed his scrutiny of the scene below.
From her perch on the far right corner of the sofa, she looked at Sherlock, then John.  “Have you ever heard mute swans in flight?”  She lifted her hands from her lap with her fingers spread.
Mid-way, Sherlock stopped and pointed to the water in the direction we had traversed along its bank.  It curved out of sight around a row of willows.
She sat back in her chair, beaming.  “Well, that was a stroke of luck!  She spied the pile of cards in front of me.  “And I was right about it being a box for cards.”  She pulled one from the top of my pile before I could stop her.  “Lovely design.  I don't think these have been printed.”  She turned the card this way and that in the light from the window.  “Look at the gold on them and the colours, like enamel.”  She tilted the card again.  “It’s one of those optical illusions.  They make me a bit seasick, you know, when the lines seem to be moving.”
“Well,” Mrs Hudson said, taking Miss Turner by the arm, “we won’t keep you from your desserts any longer.”
If I had not had a deadline, I could have happily spent the rest of the day up there in the outdoor gardens or in one of the conservatories that maintained different climates for non-native plants.   There had even been an apiary and a pigeon roost.  Mrs Hudson had proudly explained that it was inhabited by carrier pigeons some of whose forebears had delivered messages during both the world wars and earlier conflicts as well.  I had noted the bands the birds wore above their feet and as we walked away had mentioned that I thought war pigeons had been made obsolete by modern communications.  Mrs Hudson had gravely advised me not to repeat that within earshot of the birds.
Baskerville appeared unaware, his attention fixed on me and the branch in my hand.  On impulse, I had brought my gun, but hoped not to have to kill an animal that most likely had escaped from the zoo.  However, I did not want it to eat Baskerville either.  As frightening an apparition as he had been when I first saw him, I was in no doubt that he would be the loser in any contest with the creature heading towards us.
I reached out for it and she let me have it.  It was round.  My hands reached the whole way around it exactly.  There were small bumps in its surface.  I could feel them against my palms.
I passed one to him.  “There’s already quite a lot of black crêpe hung about,” I observed, “why more?”
A woman glided out of the trees.  Her dark hair was piled high on her head, her cloak was picked with silvery threads.  She swirled about the tree, shrugged the cape from her shoulders and tossed her head until her tresses fell, her hair pins flying into the grass glittering with captured moonbeams.  She paused an instant, facing towards me.
I opened my eyes.  Mrs Hudson had walked around to my side of the table.  Her arm was on my shoulder.
In twos and threes, other guests were turning to look, too, but the hubbub I expected to erupt did not materialise.  In truth, their comments were subdued.  Perhaps it was familiar to them.
“If you'll excuse me, I'd best give our parents a more accurate summary of our kinsman's demise,” Mycroft said and stepped past me and out through the windows.
“Jean-Pierre thinks he’s located the headquarters of a ring of arsonists he’s been tracking for months,” Sherlock said.
“No.  I overheard the guards joking about the coffin-maker needing to make an extra long one for me and the interrogator saying that he'd give him the message when he got home," Sherlock explained.
could remember.  What it was about this spot that had inspired so many tales, I was never sure, because London teemed with places that boasted a bloody past and a ghost or two.
I shook my head.  “I am more tired than I realised.  It's straight to bed for me, I think.”  I took a step along the hall then turned back.  Holmes was watching me.  I nodded at him, and after an instant, he nodded in answer and I resumed the journey to my room.
He shook his head against the cushion.  “Time isn’t the issue.  What’s on our skin needs to stay there.”
The bird paraded up and down his arm, its head bobbing as it looked to the left and right before stretching his neck upwards and letting forth a long string of notes rising higher and higher and on the last note he puffed up his chest and opened his tail feathers, an iridescent fan of blues and greens and gold.
I rubbed my hand through my hair.  “It hadn’t even occurred to me that the pot would make a difference.”
Mrs Hudson’s gaze was on me.  “This does not have juniper in it.  You should keep track of what you perceive as well.”
John smoothed one hand over Sherlock’s curls.  “You were rather hard not to think about.”  He traced the curve of a cheekbone.  “What with these and your coat collar turned up.  God, all the different ways I thought about getting you out of that coat or having you in it.”
“We take him after dark,” Mr Holmes replied and wiped away a crumb that had lingered at the corner of his lips.
He was very still.  It seemed as though his chest did not move.  He knows how to do that.  He knows I know he knows how to do that.
I slapped the journal onto the desk, grabbed a couple sheets of printer paper and a rubber and set to work.  I didn’t even look at the photographs.  I’ve seen enough hearts, beating and otherwise.
Would this parasitic heart I had created have sharp points, like claws, at the tip of its mobile veins and arteries, to slice open the skin and slip beneath it, or did the skin open to it once it was near?  How would that mechanism work?  A chemical cue of some sort?  I watched and read science fiction; I could extrapolate from this unusual premise my mind had directed my hand to invent.
The flames licked and climbed, bright and warm, and then warmer, hot and then hotter, like the sun at mid-day.
When Wiggins had set the garment to hanging just right, he clasped a leather belt tooled with intertwining vines about my hips, its thick brass buckle polished bright.
Madeleine shaded her eyes and watched the bird until it disappeared beyond the trees.  “It’s so peaceful here this early.”
He’d sat up on his knees and was daintily dabbing at a trickle of semen near the corner of his mouth.
I took a step up onto the platform, bent over her fingers and managed not to stumble nor actually touch her glove with my lips.  I could feel the heat in my cheeks when I straightened up again.  She smiled at me and I saw a bluer variation of Sherlock’s eyes.  I wondered if I could hum the spell to hide myself in a mist.
We'd reached the side of the clearing directly opposite the open vista to the south, when the neighing of a horse announced the arrival of late-comers.
His motions were beautiful to watch.  There was training there.  A martial art?  I thought I recognised the kind of assurance that comes with deadly knowledge.
“You must be Doctor Watson,” she said, extending her hand.  “You look exactly like the photo on the CV Doctor Stamford sent to my phone.  It’s amazing what one can do with a phone these days.”
The man John and Sherlock were watching turned at the sound, his long ponytail flaring out with the movement.
The hum of conversation in the room resolved into scores of distinctly audible exchanges. My eyes opened wide.
John felt the sting.  It brought no urge to brush the moth away.  He watched as the creature flushed, saw the veins in its wings begin to fill with red.  It withdrew its stinger and flew to the ceiling.
I rested my left hand on the exposed side of the book shelves and slid it along the wood, over a strip of moulding past which the ambient light of the library did not follow.  I could feel more wood, more panelling if the regular indentations were anything to go by, but not see the hand with which I explored.  I glanced over my shoulder.  Bands of moonlight frosted the library’s carpets and furniture, the hearth glowed ruddily in the distance.  I turned back to the doorway.  If I did not have tactile evidence to the contrary, I would assert that a curtain hung over the opening.  I took a step forward and then another, testing the floor with the toe of my shoe before I put my weight down.  Nothing brushed against my face, neither did the floor give way.  I kept my fingertips gliding along the left wall.  To my right, there was a draught.  I leaned closer to the left.
“Still, they could neither eat them nor live in them,” Holmes said, returning to his seat.  “But all this is beside the point.  How did your Madame Willow know where those keys were?”
Sherlock ruffled John’s hair then slid his hand down his back to his bum and squeezed.  “I can think of a few.”
“Ms Swann will be approaching from the north.  Let’s aim for the southern side and observe her from across the water.”
“That was one of our early cases.  You were still so young.  And he’d captured that, with his chemicals.  He’d captured the image of your youth on paper.  They are beautiful photographs.”
Sherlock remained still, eyes hidden by the journal.  For a moment, I watched it rise and fall with his breathing, then I set to recreating the lines of his sinews on the paper on my lap.
“Fine,” I said, “we’ll see what other details the night provides.”  I dusted off my hands and turned my back to the windows.
“They’re rare now, the green folk.  And most that remain mingle very little.  I’ve never met one…before.”
“Thank you, dear.  Spinach is good for your blood,” she said and placed a smaller dish of pickled beetroot by my water glass.  “Billy’s out running errands most of the time,” she said, “but he does have a room here.”
I might.  Such as what on earth the costume is supposed to be.  It’s too grand for Robin Hood, although the archery connection would have been pleasing, and I’m too long in the tooth to be Puck or Peter Pan, although my mirror reflected surprisingly flattering images when I gave it a good hard look.  Still, boyhood was too far behind me and besides, I didn’t feel lost anymore.
I took a wander about the flat.  We have dozens of pencils and biros, sharpies and highlighters scattered around.  One was sticking out of the skull’s left eye socket.  But I only found two coloured pencils:  red and blue.  They were actually two ends of one pencil.  I would have preferred a broader palette, but I’m good at making do.  I sharpened both ends.
…I saw the mighty walls rushing asunder—there was a long tumultuous shouting sound like the voice of a thousand waters—and the deep and dank tarn at my feet closed sullenly and silently over the fragments of the “House of Usher.”
I’ve seen the moon rise many a time, atop mountains, beside the sea, through bedsit windows, but it had never seemed so large or so bright.
“Still amounting to far too many people according to some.  Started quite a controversy in the 1880s as to whether such material should ever be made accessible outside of scholarly circles.  There were diatribes penned to
Sherlock stood and caught his spear on a hook embedded in a stone flight of steps next to the water.  "Hold this," he said, passing me the shaft of the spear.
I whirled around, banishing from my mind images of the other, less demure, fountain I often saw from my balcony.
I closed my mouth and realised that he was navigating without looking in the direction we were travelling.
“You want the jugular,” he said as his head emerged from the cloth.  “You’ll need another sheet of paper for that.”
Sherlock held up a small glass bowl with a couple slices of fruit standing up at the rim.  I almost shook my head.
Sherlock switched feet and shook his head.  He finished lacing and stood, eyes wandering from the top of my head to my toes, gaze lingering there.
I ran my hand along the top of the case.  “How did you know I’ve always wanted these?” I asked, tilting my head well back to look up at him.  Why I still asked such questions is beyond me.  I know his methods.
I shook myself out of my reverie and didn’t try to hide the rest of the cards.  If he could see what I saw, he would have already deduced what my reaction to them must be.
But John didn’t touch.  He slipped from the bed; shut the door to the loo without even a click. Tepid water and shampoo washed the sweat and grime of the chase away.  He stood, eyes closed, massaging his scalp long after the bubbles had swirled down the drain as though he could wash the images from his brain.
She put her glasses on.  “A secret compartment!  How clever of you to find it!”  She peered at the key jutting from the lock.  “What a delicate, little thing.”
Fucker stepped off the landing, cloak spreading out on the water behind him.  It came up to his waist.  He continued to clap, walking slowly towards us, spectacles gleaming, arms raised higher as the water rose to his chest.
“That’ll do,” I said, stepping briskly to the window and pulling the curtains closed.  “Don’t move.”
“Madame Willow let go of Mr Morrow’s hand and rested her own on the envelopes.  She sighed and nodded to Mr Morrow to proceed.
There were several other heads:  profile, three-quarters, looking up, looking down.  There were quite a few of the last.  I suppose I had seen him like that most often, looking at his phone, his laptop, a book, a file.  It had always given me a chance to look.  His lashes cast shadows on his cheeks.
I set the clay pot on the table.  I didn’t want to let go of it, but it didn’t make sense to carry it down to the kitchen and back.  I moved it to sit on top of the manuscript with the instructions in it, then stood and reached down for the basket.
Looked to the left – desk.  Turned my head – wardrobe.  Further – door to the loo.  Further – doors to the balcony.  The sky was blue.
I nodded.  There had always been places that called to me or that I regretted having to leave.  “There was a wood behind my grandparents’ house.  When we visited, I would spend all day there if the weather was dry, and sometimes when it wasn’t.  I never really wanted to go home.  I figured it was just because home was often not such a great place to be.”
“It’s still a-broidering,” he explained, handing me my dagger.  “It’s best to watch that carefully.  They can get carried away if someone doesn’t keep an eye on them.”
“Better than I thought it would when I realised the flat was two floors up rather than one,” John replied.  “Mrs Hudson plied me with tea and scones before she even showed me the flat and I think I would’ve tackled three floors to have a regular supply of those.”
Although, as boys, we had been even intimate associates, yet I really knew little of my friend. His reserve had been always excessive and habitual. I was aware, however, that his very ancient family had been noted, time out of mind, for a peculiar sensibility of temperament, displaying itself, through long ages, in many works of exalted art, and manifested, of late, in repeated deeds of munificent yet unobtrusive charity, as well as in a passionate devotion to the intricacies, perhaps even more than to the orthodox and easily recognizable beauties, of musical science.
A breeze blew off Baker Street and into the hall with me.  I turned and gathered up the waving handles of the carrier bags from the front steps, closed the door with a push of my foot and followed the sunbeams streaming through the fanlight up the stairs.
I watched the nimble movement of his fingers, glanced at the neutral expression on his face and thought it would be a losing proposition to play poker with him.
“Some parts are,” Sherlock said, flicking his fingers at the bundle of bark and twigs in the iron holder by the door.  “I think you already knew that, John.”  He lifted the flaming torch from the brackets.
I tightened my arm around his waist, pressed my shoulder against his thigh and looked up.  Wild colour was strewn everywhere.  I held out my other hand.  “Come down,” I said, voice hoarse and urgent.
“Oh, if you sang, sir, the words would dance right into your head.  They couldn’t say no,” Kit said and found a chunk of meat on his plate for Midnight.  He looked up at me and smiled when Midnight jumped down to the floor with it in her mouth.  “Mrs Turner never forgets Midnight.”
“No,” John replied, closing his hand around Mike’s glass.  “Maybe it was serendipity.”  He glanced at the throng at the bar and turned back to Mike.  “It’s like living in an artist’s sketchbook.  I’m half tempted to pick up a pencil and add to it.”
With hardly a pause, Sherlock plucked another knife from a box on the wooden counter.  He didn’t pause to aim.  The dagger sliced through the air and joined its brethren deep in the grain of the wood.  He grabbed another, a longer one this time, and drew his arm far back, almost as though he threw a javelin.  I heard the wood crack when it hit home.  He took up yet another.
The urge to draw him is strongest when he is quiet. When he flies into action, I am usually whirled away with him. There is no time to think of anything except trying to keep up, to not lose him. But when he falls quiet, I know the least about where he’s gone. So now I draw him, to study him, and later I look at my pictures and find out what it was I saw.
Baskerville had brought what was left of the branch back several times when the lioness stretched out on the ground.  Baskerville dropped the stick by her head and nudged her shoulder with his nose.
I raised my eyebrows at this and started to stretch, but didn’t get beyond a slight rolling of my shoulders.  My hands were clasped around Sherlock’s hips.  I unlaced my fingers and wiggled them.  They were stiff.  “I slept like that?”
I drew one arm out from behind him and half sat up.  “All that cold fresh air must have done it,” I murmured then remembered breakfast.  “And all the food.”
“…of course, Mrs Turner and I can do for each other.  All of us used to go once a week when I was little, Mama and Nan and Margaret, that’s Mrs Turner, and her mother.  Margaret and I would comb out each other’s hair when we got old enough to do that on our own.  These days I find the heat helps my hip.  Are you all right, John.”
“And delicious,” Sherlock said and covered his mouth.  He had lips.  It was a good sign.  Mycroft’s interest in John was not.
John looked pointedly at the violin case Sherlock was carrying.  “So, what have you been up to and why do you have your violin with you?  I’ve never seen you take it out of the flat.”
Sherlock brought the little table with the food on it over to me.  When he set it in place, his dressing gown fell open.  It was a good look on him.
Sherlock began a stealthy ascent.  “We’ll appeal to her civic spirit if she mentions it when she brings up tea in the morning.”
“We must talk about her sometime,” Sherlock said softly.  “Sometime when we are not being interrupted,” he continued, raising his voice slightly and looking away from me.
Mrs Hudson tilted her chin up.  “No, but she said things about you, like how forgetful you are and short-tempered then waited as though she thought I’d say something back one way or the other.”
I craned my neck over the rim of the stone and tried to see as much of the wall as I could in the moonlight.  Looking straight down yielded little data.  The wall appeared to be covered in vines, some of which still bore leaves.  Close to my perch, a specimen reached up into the air without any support but its own thorn-studded stoutness, which was easily as thick as my wrist.  Climbing up or down that wall would be a dangerous enterprise indeed.
“But I did.”  John said.  “Long ago, I wanted to hold something that was not meant to be held by human hands.  I took all its magic away.  It couldn’t fly anymore.  I tried to feed it, but it died.”
“They’d just got your tray ready when the messages arrived.  Besides, they’d never forget to feed you.  Especially now.”
