"Let go!" the teen yells, tears running down his face.
Castiel nods mindlessly and looks out the window to see only Ash's car. "Dean, why won't you ride home with me? I'm leaving now-"
Castiel's taken off guard, "Well for one, Because I'm not in jail-"
Castiel loves all things fluffy but this thing creeps him out too but he does not think it's the spirit of John Winchester like Bobby seems to think- the guy really should cut back on the alcohol. "What have you been doing?" the teen tells him he went to therapy in the morning. "Yeah? How'd that go?" he shrugs. "Anything else going on?"
"You two take the rooms, I'll sleep on the couch." Castiel says, heading for the kitchen to put away the perishables. Bobby heads to his room first, he picked the bigger one and his argument was that he was older and needed more space. No one agreed with him but they knew not to argue with him.
"Yea-" he looks around, "But I'm still scared of fuckin'-"
"Kinda, never done anything like that. Obviously.."
"Fuckin' princess." John pants, his breath visible in the cold evening air. Castiel comes on the ground, instantly humiliated. He zips him back up into his pants. "Don't worry, the rain will get rid of that." he laughs.
Dean shrugs, his eyes were red like he had been crying. "Fine." He doesn't push it and decides to take him to the diner last minute before going back to Bobby's. Dean slams the car door with out saying anything yet again. When he goes inside the diner he sees Dean's already chosen a booth and sits across from him.
Dean nods, "Yea-" he smiles, "Um-" he looks down at his messy shirt, "Got anything that would fit me?" Castiel nods and goes to his room to fetch something out of his closet, when he returns he hands the teenager a a simple dark blue shirt. Not his style, but it would have to do.
Dean huffed a quiet laugh, "That's so fucking cute."
“Thanks for doing this-”
"Nothing-" he's looking around for the teenager, "Where's Dean?"
"Dean-" Castiel starts to cry, and it's ugly- "I love you and-Bobby-I love you too."
does and he's right here, looking after him and taking care of
"And?" Castiel pushes.
It amazes him the kind of things the freak thinks about on his spare time but it was late, he must have woken him. It honestly would not surprise him if the man was having dreams of him getting or being pregnant. The guy was kinky and weird as fuck, anything was to be expected from him.
"You can't stay." Dean whispers, "You gotta go." Castiel nods and pretends to leave right then, but he lingers in the hall like a creep and watches the other teenagers walk in. Eventually he sees a blonde girl with blue eyes walk down the hall. She's approaching and his heart is thumping so hard in his chest.
"You don't have to do that-" Castiel groans in misery, "It's not necessary-"
"You being a brat, I know." Castiel kisses the teens sweaty hair. "I know how you can get." after a while he says, "You like it when I'm rough with you, don't you?" Dean nods shyly. "You like being humiliated too huh?"
Castiel shouted back, “Away from you so you can go fuck another guy!”
Dean tries his best to drive safe but it's hard, his first time doing coke and it has him feeling the hulk right now- he drives back to Bobby's way above the speed limit. As soon as he steps through the front door he hears Castiel say- "What took you so long? You were gone two hours."
"Ummm." Dean thinks about it as he looks through his school items. "Science-" and pulls out his science book. "I like the water cycle-" that makes the older man laugh. "-helps me not be so scared of storms."
Castiel smiles, "You did so good baby-" and from Dean's view, it looked like he was pulling up his boxers or something. "You're always a good boy for me. Aren't you baby?"
"I'm sorry-" he starts backing away from her to leave.
Nothing kid friendly like juice or milk. "Soda alright?" Dean nods, getting up to grab his favorite cup from the sink. "Wait!" Castiel yells, "Let me wash that-" he steals the cup and quickly rinses it out with water and dish soap, the cup had been soaking in dirty dishes for who knows how long. "Here you go-" he hands it over finally, filled with soda.
or did John actually do
"Castiel!" a familiar female voice calls out to him, both Dean and Castiel look around almost violently as if they got caught doing something they shouldn't.
he hates.
"Oh-" he stops dead in his tracks, unsure of what to do next and shoves his hands into his jeans pockets. Mostly to hide the instant boner he'd gotten.
He's a little scared but he knows Castiel and that lessens the fear. "You're so sexy-" Dean pulls the older man close enough to kiss by his shirt collar. "Need you-"
Dean held up a finger to Sam to wait a second. Sam understood Dean needed this so he was patient and waited.
Castiel was on the front porch stepping on the bugs and sweeping them into a pile with a broom. The teen gulps when the guy looks up, "Get in-"
The teen blinks rapidly here and there just to keep his focus on the drop dead gorgeous man on top of him but eventually his eyes move down south. Castiel literally looks like some kind of chiseled statue with his damp muscles contracting as he thrusts forward.
"I remember-" he takes a large gulp of his wine as soon as he takes his seat at the table. "We had plenty of good times."
Dean instantly looks over at the older man, "Huh-" of course he's confused because they hadn't really spoken in days.
"Castiel-or jimmy.." his lips twitched. "You can call me Jimmy."
Castiel unlocks the doors and he gets in, locking them again once he's buckled in. "How's your stomach?" he asks, giving the boy a quick glance before embarking on the short drive home.
Dean speaks up, "Why?" holding up the tube of lip balm.
, looks like they're having a slumber party of three.
"What about Claire-" he turns around, his arms wrap around the mans waist loosely. "-can't just ignore that you have a daughter. Can't you find her somehow?"
"We have to get you new shoes." Castiel mentions right before they make it to the register, he felt like the kids father already. After paying, the boy turns around to look at the bakery items on display and that's when he notices the tag sticking out from his shirt. "Dean-" he whispers before guiding the boy to the bathrooms so he can fix it.
He escorts the couple back to their car and hands them the key, "Please take care of the house, it means a lot to me-" they agreed and thanked him. "- and I hope you'll be happy here." he waves goodbye as they drive off.
It started innocently enough- he'd only eat half of whatever Castiel placed in front of him, then he'd throw some food away here and there. But he was still
His thoughts go haywire once again and he feels trapped, with the sudden urge to steal the keys to his uncles truck and just
Dean's eyes open, "Turn off the light, I was asleep-" he simply rolls over like nothing happened. He stands there confused, but he- he kissed him. He begged for it, how was he asleep and doing all that?
"I didn't look through his chart because I just wanted to get home-" he looks at Dean, "-to you. I knew we had plans the next day."
Dean smiles, "Any guy would be lucky to have you. Don't let him pressure you-" then he glances around. "Come on, I'll buy you a perfume or somethin'-" if being the worlds best friend were a thing, he would definitely win an award for that- or at least a medal.
Castiel quickly sits down across from him when the older teen leaves and smiles, arms crossed on the table. "I love seeing you happy-" they're the only ones at the diner currently, aside from an elderly man up front enjoying a single cup of black coffee. "It looks good on you."
Dean swallows, "I like sex-" he admits and kinda liking this. It's sick but he wants to shock pastor Jim because he knows the guy has to keep his secrets. "I love sex-" the pastor shifts uncomfortably as the teen speaks. "Honestly, I masturbate a lot-" Dean laughs, "Like A LOT-"
"He's so...white."
"You're going to the diner by yourself?" Castiel looks at him with worry, "I don't want you going anywhere by yourself-"
They both look at him but only Castiel speaks- "Hey. I tried waking you but you wouldn't wake up- you were asleep all day."
"I know you are, but you need to leave-" after a moment of silence she says, "You can live here with me until you find a place-"
The nurse covers her mouth because she's full on laughing, "Oh my God, he's so cute-" more laughter. "Don't worry, he'll grow out of that shyness-"
Of course Castiel notices this since he's still alone at his table, waiting for his wife or perhaps Tommy.
When they arrive at the hospital the following morning, they're both happy to see the boy sitting up in bed with food in front of him. He was eating cereal and having some orange juice, looking to be in good spirits too.
Though the diner wasn't their destination, instead he'd brought him to a motel way outside of town.
Basically Castiel has somewhat let go of the idea that they will get married, not because he no longer wants to but more so because he doesn't want to get hurt again. He knows Dean loves him and that leaving him behind that day was nothing personal but that doesn't mean that it didn't hurt like hell.
"Don't we gotta prapare or somethin'-"
He shrugs, "Suppose you're right."
First Castiel takes a shower and it's a cold one because of
"Step dad." Dean clarifies.
After they finished kissing they walked inside and Castiel sat on the couch. Trying to breathe. "I never thought I would see you again...You said we couldn't be together."
"Shh, it's okay." Castiel leads the boy inside, he knows this isn't his home and he shouldn't be walking in without permission but it's not safe for an eleven year old boy to be on his own. "Have you eaten yet?" he asks him and he opens the fridge to look inside. Nothing but bread and peanut butter.
"Fuck-" Castiel grips the teens slim waist roughly, bringing him down and up as he fucked into his hole. "-come for daddy, you can do it baby- you're my good boy-"
Dean stands up, staring at the back of his head and debates if he wants to go further. He wishes Castiel would ruin him. He wants more, something worse to happen.
Dean nods nervously, something crashes outside and his hand squeezes Castiel's knee. "Fuck."
"I-" he licks his bottom lip, he's already horny. "I want you to fuck me, daddy." and smiles when he sees the older mans reaction. "Please, Daddy. I need it-" Of course, they're at bobby's so they can't do anything- especially outdoors, with Bobby right inside the house where he can see them through the window. If Bobby saw them, he'd assume they were just telling jokes over the car.
Castiel pulls away completely, looking at the house next door before saying. "I'll talk to him, but no promises-" he looks over at the teen now, "Come in with me, I want to take your temperature before you go-"
"Do you still love me?" the green eyed teen nods somberly. "I love you so much, I'm sorry."
No suck luck, the eleven year old boy wasn't at Sam's house either. Where could he
Bobby pulls away, holding his nephews face in his large hands. "Dean, how many times do I gotta tell ya that yer a good kid and that I'm proud of ya? So ya got some demons, who doesn't-""
"Hello, Dean." he smiles, giving the boy a small wave before meeting John's eyes in the kitchen, who nods. "Yeah, guess I am."
"In a bit." he smiles, "You go." Dean spends some time, thinking- about that day. He thinks about Gordon Walker- about the train tracks. He thinks about his hands- they got so dirty trying to get away. And he thinks about all the time it took just to walk back to the house- the wind makes a rustling sound- he looks around but there's nothing.
Dean swallows nervously, "I want to go but-" whines softly in his throat. "Why did you book flights though?" it really sounds like he's hiding something here.
"Dean-" he scolds, "Did you already mess around with her?"
Castiel had woken up to the sound of the toilet being flushed, he looks at his phone and sees it was only four in the morning. He gets up and knocks on the bathroom door, "Heartburn again Bobby?" he says, opening the door to find Dean instead- sitting on the floor looking like death and wiping the tears he got in his eyes when he was getting sick. Castiel comes in and leans against the sink, "Was it worth it?"
They're browsing the empty grocery aisles without saying much to one another until Castiel decides to ask him how he's doing. "Dean-" he slows his pace down a little bit, "I'm glad you decided to come with me, but why?" the teen shrugs, it really can be hard getting anything out of him at times.
Castiel can't help himself and he pounds into Dean relentlessly- he tried to go slow or be gentle but he was encouraged to not stop, to go harder. So he did. Almost two hours of fucking later- they finally came. Neither of them had realized the sweaty and sticky mess they had become. The rain was still pounding on the roof even if they weren't anymore. It was a good thing they had the house to themselves- or they would have had a difficult time explaining this away.
Dean kicks Castiel's car with his sock covered foot. "I wish you never came into my fucking life!" They both know he doesn't mean it but it still stings.
"Dean-" they shake hands briefly. "Guess we should stick together-" he comments and the boy nods gratefully. "Don't worry man, If they bother you I can beat them up for you." they smile at each other and they quickly become friends. Dean actually ate the cookies he was given for snack time but didn't dare drink the kool aid and told Kevin not to do so either. Just in case.
Robin nods while covering her mouth because she can't believe she just said that to Dean Winchester of all people. After a few minutes Dean checks his pee stick first, it was obviously negative but they had a good laugh over it either way. Robin looks at her stick and starts crying instantly because it was very damn
"It's normal." Castiel says, scratching the back of his head. "We all go through it. It's puberty."
His uncle lowers the volume on the radio, "You were in there a long time-"
"Dean-" he speaks up, "You look good." those blue eyes travel down the younger boys body- those five pounds looked nice on him. So did the sudden arrival of the light brown chest hair-trailing all the way down his tummy.
"I'm sorry-" his voice is soft and sits down across from the boy this time, with his tray.
"Not funny." Dean hands him the empty box of juice. "What the fuck is a panic attack? I've never had this happen before."
"You saw
The older man huffs and kicks the coffee table, causing the dog to start barking and it only makes things worse. "Get that thing out of my house!" and he's about to charge at them but Castiel shoves him back roughly in warning.
"He finished." Dean gulps, blinking away his dizziness.
"Cas?" Dean rasps, when Castiel looks at him he licks his lips. "I-"
They talked a lot now, having had many miles under their belts from all the drives to and from school to get to know each other. Dean knew a lot about him, but it wasn't enough. Castiel didn't talk about his childhood or where he grew up, he didn't know anything about his life before meeting his dad. Dean's young enough to assume he didn't have a life before them.
Instantly he's so nervous, because it's
John's reaches over into the nightstand for his almost empty pack of cigarettes and a lighter, "Here-" he places one between his lips and lights it before placing one between the doctors lips too and lighting it. "Inhale slowly-" he orders, already knowing the guy doesn't smoke.
After a few minutes Dean's got an arm full of unusable pieces of chopped wood and is about to pick up another piece, and stumbles backwards when he realizing that it wasn't a chunk of wood he was going to grab just then but the body of his former pet. "Ugh!" the disgust has him spitting on the ground, in the opposite direction. After standing up and dusting himself off, his eyes zone in on the poor creature.
Dean whimpers softly, "Cas-" legs wrapping around the older mans clothed body and his towel comes undone.
Dean's eyebrow raised, "Go ahead, Like i'm not even here." He sat on the edge of the bed. After prayer, Castiel looked over at him. Wonder in his eyes.
Dean's on his knees, cutting open the boxes with his pocket knife. "You're gonna stay in here?" Castiel hums,
Castiel almost snarls like a wolf before pushing his love onto the bed and climbing over him, peppering small kisses all over his face and down his neck. Those soft sighs and whimpers were the fuel to his fire, egging him on to see in what other ways he could make his young lover lose his mind. There's always something new to try and it's always fun because it's with Dean.
Dean slurps up the last of the slushy drink through the straw and burps so loudly that people look their way. "Sorry-" he covers his mouth but no one cares. "Man, this place is awesome-" it was so refreshing to him to simply be somewhere where no one gave a shit what you did or
Castiel's hand runs down to rest on his lower back, "Of course-" the teen rolls over now and he's all teary eyes and puffy lips. "I should have known that was the reason. My head goes to dark places-" his hand is how resting on his stomach since he rolled over. "It would kill me if something happened to you, again-"
Dean pushes himself up forcefully, seeing the look on Castiel's face kind of hurts him but he doesn't understand that look he has. He just had an orgasm, shouldn't he be happy? "What?" he says.
After his quick shower, the television in the living room is still flickering. "Thought I told you to go to bed?" he says, wiping away the remains of the tears that had been shed in the privacy of the bathroom not two minutes ago.
"Bobby-" he analyzes his uncle, "Who called-"
Dean looks at their joined hands, "Yea-me too."
But why? Maybe that's John Winchesters voice in his head again, telling him hes such a freak.
After lunch, everyone wanders around outside their cells for a few hours until dinner. Which was also, disgusting and refused to eat it so he's just looking around the cafeteria again, luckily Castiel places some kind of corn bread on his plate which he devours in a few large bites. After dinner, they head to their cells for the night and he can't stand the boredom any longer or the hunger boiling in his stomach. It was sort of feeling like his intestines were eating each other at this point, it was quite uncomfortable since he's never went this long without eating a full meal. The longest he's ever gone was four days.
"Just-" Dean breathes deeply, "-wanna feel better." is all he says before he pulls away and rests his head on the pillow. He closes his eyes and admits - "I can't live like this, Cas. I just can't." another tear escapes through his thick lashes to rest on his cheek.
Dean smiles, "Good luck man, let me know how it goes-"
"Gonna head into town, car needs spark plugs-" he grabs Bobby's keys off the wall hook, no one stops him from going so he leaves right then. He was anxious for
Where the fuck is
"Or else what!" he yells, taking a few steps closer to his uncle and he's not mad, he's just so frightened over not being able to see Castiel again, of him ending up in prison or worse. "Bobby, or what-"
Castiel bites his lip, hands running up the teens sun kissed skin. "That such a bad thing?"
"What do you mean, nothing's real?"
He shrugs. "Just walkin'-"
"He's always there." Dean states with tears in his eyes, knowing how much the man loves his coffee- It was the doctors lifeline.
"Dean, Meg is a current nurse. If she said you were experiencing panic attacks, I took her word for it. She's a good nurse. But now that I think about it, even if you are experiencing panic- you had issues with food-"
Dean laughed, " No? You'll love to suck mine, It's good I promise. " and continued to lazily jerk off.
Castiel looks over at the digital clock on the nightstand, "I'm sorry-" and slowly sits up. "Guess It's later than I thought-" the terrible mistake of looking directly into those green eyes is made and he quickly has has to look away for pure fear of getting himself sucked right into them.
"Yep-" He cracks open the beer Mary just brought them. "- that was my boy Dean. You got any kids?"
Dean turns away from the cashier whose watching him, "I need you to come get me-"
Dean decided to make love to Castiel tonight. Not fuck him.
"You comin' in or wut?" Bobby opens the screen door, it startles him awake.
John laughed, "He needs to keep his ass in school and learn something for a change." he got in bed, facing away from Castiel. "Just makes sure he eats."
The rest of dinner went by silently with Dean looking through his magazine and Bobby reading the newspaper across from him at the table. Eventually he gets the courage to ask him if he was serious about letting him go hang out with Castiel which he was. So off he goes, with his hands stuffed into his jeans pockets and wishing he brought a heavier jacket on him as he stomps up the porch steps.
Castiel sighs, taking his pills with his coffee. "Yeah, M'fine."
Dean smiles, "Thanks Bobby-" and digs into the food that was made with care. "This chicken is great-" he mentions after taking a few bites.
"Yep-" Dean looks through the aisles until he finds what he's looking for, his eyes land on a box of blue pills. "He'll need these soon enough-" he mumbles to himself, luckily no one heard that. His eyes land on a bottle of cherry cold medicine, he's got no idea if it's any good, it's the generic kind but he likes cherry flavored anything so it will do. "Found it-" he calls out in the middle of the store, looking through every aisle for his uncle and finds him in the chips aisle. "Got it-" he holds up the red bottle.
"I got homework-" the teen suddenly turns around and shuffles indoors, not caring that his slippers were getting dirty in the mud.
"He died-" Bobby smiles, "Few years back, damn near broke my heart-he'd been with me for years."
"Not like he was around-" he shrugs, "Pass the ketchup." he tells the cop who hands it right over and now he's making a murder scene on his plate with it. The cops eyes follow every movement he makes.
The man smiles, "You still can-" there's a pause. "I'm just going to be there for you in a different way, but I'll be there-" the teens eyes start to look pink and glassy. "You okay?"
"We can hang out again." Castiel reassures him, hands in his pants pockets. "If me being gay doesn't bother you that is."
It's not long before they're seated side by side at a table next to the window and it was great because now they're able to people watch while they eat. Dean was fascinated by the difference in culture and liked seeing all the different kinds of tourists walking by outside. He must have been lost in his thoughts or simply mesmerized by his surroundings because he forgot about his older boyfriend for a moment.
The next day Dean is home alone with his father since Castiel had gone out to dinner with his friend Meg and the man keeps to himself most of the night and he'd been outside changing the oil on the impala. He doesn't say a word to his son until they're done with the macaroni and cheese dinner that was eaten in front of the television.
"Can I see it?" Dean asks in her ear before his tongue nibbles her earlobe. She moans quietly and Dean loves it. Since he didn't get a 'no' he continues, never thought being with a girl could be so exciting. He ends up pushing the nightgown up to reveal her panties, Jo looks at him with a scared look. "Shh, it's okay."
" Thank you for shopping at Walmart. " The cashier smiled rather awkwardly.
The boy pulls away, their faces are only a few inches apart now. He gulps and whispers in his ear, "You're my best friend-" and then pulls away a little. "But you can't tell Sam I said that-"
with him, than nothing at all.
"Shut up, Cas." he flicks soapy water at him. "Why don't you go buy me a milkshake then?" Castiel looks at him, "Go on-I want chocolate." and he goes to get that milkshake like the good step father he is. When he comes back, he's got two milkshakes in hand and finds Dean in the living room- on his phone. They still don't have a TV yet and he makes a mental note to order one as soon as possible so Dean doesn't get bored. "You're back." he says, taking the shake. "By the way, I just had eggs." that makes him smile.
"Don't worry, when you get to college-" he leans closer. "Plenty of girls there to have fun with."
The weekend came sooner that it should have and he's at the bar, sitting in a booth waiting for the guy to show up. Eventually he does and he's late, he sees John at a booth and quickly hurries over.
Dean is loyal to Castiel, no matter what happened between them but now there's this other man in the picture and he wants to explore it. He's never really been with another man aside from
On the way home they stop by the grocery store for a few things and once again the boy helps him carry all the shopping bags into the house, helps him put everything away too.
Dean nods before getting on his toes and kissing his cheek, because his uncle might spot them. "Goodnight, Cas-" and he starts walking towards the house.
Dean laughs, "I already sent her a good morning text."
It's the middle of September and the leaves are dried up and on the ground instead of on tree branches where they should be. It had been raining every single day without fail for the last two weeks which means Castiel is dropping Dean Winchester off at school in the morning and picking him up after. Today was no different, he'd parked the car and was was waiting at the schools double doors with his umbrella, waiting for him.
"Cas?" She sits up, completely nude. "What's wrong?"
"Sammy-" Dean whines, looking over at his friend- "It's okay." Sam crawls over to Castiel- begins to kiss his cheek and tries for his lips. Castiel won't kiss him back- "It's okay." he repeats.
"I get it-" he sighs, "I just miss him."
Castiel and Dean have sex for the first time.
"Shh-" the voice behind him hushes, "Relax for me-"
"Wuss." Dean covers his face, "Hospital did me no good, I still feel like shit." Castiel goes to the kitchen, when he comes back he hands him a bottle of something he grabbed from the fridge. "What's this-Candy?" he examines the bottle. "Gummy vitamins? Are you joking-"
Sure enough it was Castiel, letting him know that he'd be dropping by in a few hours to bring Bobby home from the hospital.
Dean looks at his uncle before nodding and following him into the store. "I'm sort of in a rush-" it's a lie, there's no rush. In the few moments of silence, he's thinking that maybe there is a rush. Bobby is getting older and should be eating something by now, before his blood sugar drops.
sound. "I need to stop somewhere-" he admits, not looking into the backseat this time because that look he keeps getting hurts too damn much to see. After pulling into the nearest gas station, "Do you need to use the bathroom?" he asks, still not looking into the mirror.
Dean hooks his arms under his legs to keep himself open, "Ugh-" he cries again.
Luckily Bobby walked extremely slow due to a previous knee injury while hunting in the woods and Dean had made it to the house before he did. "Boy!-" right then the teenager peeks his head out of the bathroom. "Where ya been?" he asks, plopping down on the sofa.
"He'll figure it out, right." Castiel nods, sighing a heavy breath. "Alright, I'll do it." Dean leans in close- "No kissing." Dean whines, "Fine." They make out on the porch for a while until a distant roll of thunder makes them part, "We have to be careful."
"Nothing." Castiel swallows, bringing up one knee so that his erection can be somewhat hidden. He really doesn't want to pitch a tent in this thin hospital gown.
Castiel nods, "He's doing better here-" they both smile weakly at each other before finishing their burgers off in silence. "Better check on the pie-" he sprints up the porch steps and into the house to check the oven.
"Cas." he tries again and he checks all the rooms. The kitchen is empty, so is the living room. Castiel's room is empty too. The bathroom's gotta be empty, he was just in there.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" they're standing in front of his neighbors house early the next morning.
When Dean's tucked into bed, he goes back to his bedroom and quickly pulls out a medium sized box from under the bed. "Here-" he places the gift next to the mechanic who was now sitting in bed, flipping through the channels on the television.
Dean nods and heads in, his eyes scan the room for his friend Kevin who he spots instantly. "Hey-" he grins, walking over to sit next to the kid.
The man exhales loudly in frustration, "I lost it-" they both look down at where his pants should be tented. "I'm sorry baby, I don't meant to keep disappointing you-"
Castiel laughs, "Those are boundaries, Dean." and steps closer. "Some people date for a long time before having sex-"
Castiel squints the blurriness from his eyes, "What-" still his vision isn't focusing. Even though he usually wears glasses, his vision has never been this bad.
Castiel smiles before he even looks up, when he does, his smile falls. "What's wrong with you?"
"Seriously, you wanna make sure I go nowhere? friggin' put a ring on it."
"You make me happy." Dean quietly says, biting into the hamburger he was holding.
Eventually John pushes Castiel's shirt up to expose his nipples before he begins licking and sucking on them. He's only doing this because he wishes he could do all of this to Dean, but is settling for the doctors body. It doesn't take him long before he becomes a whimpering, uncontrollable crying mess underneath the mechanic, which only turns him on even more.
Although he does want to answer the question because he's an evil little shit, he goes with- "You're a little young to be wondering about these things, give it a few years-" instead.
"Dean, I know you're there-" he crooks his finger as a
"No, you won't."
After lunch, they go outside shooting again- Even Castiel tried his hand with the rifle and it made them laugh. Castiel goes inside first, then Bobby- leaving the young Winchester on his own. Dean doesn't mind though, he shoots at beer cans and the cardboard target. The suns going down and he knows he should go inside- but he doesn't.
Dean shrugs again. "I heard the other boys in the class talkin' about me-" he rubs at his eyes but he doesn't cry. "-they said I was gay and they said that I-" he stops talking.
That's all the teen needs to know before demanding to see the man he loves, but of course he doesn't say it like
"You'll never know how much I truly love you, Dean." he presses another kiss, "Never."
The teens head hits the pillow late that night after watching a movie with his uncle on the couch and his thoughts are somewhere between blue and
Castiel shakes his head, eyes half open. "Just tired, don't stay up to late-" and just like that, he's shuffling down the hall and into the bedroom.
Castiel cane to the door, crossed his arms at his chest, "You like her?"
"Has he eaten anything?" he asks Castiel with a face full of concern, "He looks-thinner than the last time I saw him." his voice turns to a whisper. "You need to do something about this. Listen, I got his lab results and everything is normal. No anemia, his vitamin levels are higher than last time-he, he should be feeling better."
The park was empty of course so it was just them and the twinkling stars above which they both could see through the window. The music on the radio was soft and it was almost romantic except for the fact that this little outing wasn't a date whatsoever. Dean should have been scared because it was getting so late now, almost ten in the evening and if he was scared, he wasn't showing it.
Dean nods stupidly, "Well, I'm always pissed. At everything-" and that's all he says before helping his uncle off the floor and down the hall to his bedroom.
Castiel swallows down the instant jealously. He's got no idea why he's jealous, they aren't together. "I'm almost done for the day-" he guides Dean to one of the empty ER rooms, "Wait here for me." Dean nods, pulling out a few toys out from his backpack so he can play while he waits. The scene before him tugs at his heart strings so he risks it all. "You know what, I'm leaving early just give me a moment-" he leaves and makes up some fake story about a family emergency just so he can head out early.
Dean hums mindlessly, unaware that he had started to grind into the mans crotch beneath him. "You thought about them choking on you too?" and he nods in agreement. "You're a fucking pervert, aren't you?"
"I was pretty surprised when John kissed me the first time."
Castiel starts laughing, thinking this was some prank. "You got me-"
"Watch it, Cas-" his voice melts, sounding so tender.
The next few days weren't the best for Dean Winchester. Health wise- he was doing alright. Work wise, not so much. Dean had been unofficially working for his uncle Bobby for a few short months by now, everything had been going well- except for the work he'd done on the first few cars that hadn't turned out great. From then on, it was smooth sailing until today- he put in new spark plugs on a car and somehow, something went wrong and Bobby's client got stranded in town.
"Oh I wouldn't know about that. Sorry Dean. " he sipped his coffee, licking his lips after.
Dean's hand rests on the mans thigh reassuringly, "You did the best you could, and you had your shit to deal with too-"
"Dean." Castiel glares.
"Dean, what is it- why are you looking at me like that?" his tone must've sounded angry because the boy slightly jumps in the passenger seat. "Sorry, guess I'm just nervous-"
Dean's eyes begin to water as anxiety and fear begin to take over, he's beginning to feel like he's never going to see Castiel again- like maybe he left him here forever. A different nurse, Chuck- comes in to check on him next. The guy checks his IV drip, takes his vitals and gives him a few pills to take. "What are these for?" Dean asks, holding the chalky pills in his hand.
"The fuck!" he groans, tipping his head back as if that alone would stop the bleeding.
"I want the grilled cheese sandwich with fries-" he smiles at her. Castiel orders a burger and onion rings and they share a large coke and it's not a romantic gesture- Dean forgot to order something to drink.
Dean jumps out of the truck and casually says, "Why are you telling me this?" In a soft tone.
Castiel sighs, before groaning softly. "Don't do this to me." he whispers. He has no clue what to say, but he gets what he's trying to say. "I love you." he says finally. Hoping that's enough.
"Cas, he good to you?"
The boy shifted on each foot as if he had to pee. "Why."
"You happy?" John asks, forcing himself to enjoy the day. Or at least pretend to enjoy it. Castiel nods, lapping at his ice cream cone with the flat of his tongue- surprisingly no jokes were made at his expense. "Never did anything like this with Mary-" he admits, tossing his empty ice cream cup into the garbage next to their table.
so when they hear someone asking Castiel to come to bed, they don't think anything of it.
"Show some respect-" Castiel continues leading the path, Dean nods. The point of this was to say something nice, cry it out maybe, not to be disrespectful and rude over his dad's ashes which were most likely already absorbed back into the earth. Dean couldn't wrap his mind around that, one day you're living and breathing, you're flesh and the next- you're just
Dean's hands are tugging on the collar of the older mans shirt to keep him there, "But I don't want you to go yet-"
They put everything away and Castiel walks the teen over to Bobby's, not because it was an unsafe walk or anything, but they just wanted an extra few minutes together. Although, Dean seems to try ruining it by what he says next and wishes the teen would stop talking about this. It's so uncomfortable, but he knows he deserves the accusations regardless if they're true or not.
Dean looks around the room, he's smart. He starts swaying them back onto her bed slowly - "Where's your mom?"
Bobby and Castiel watched over the teen while he worked, they brought him some peach iced tea when he was nearly finished. "Boy, come take a break." Dean insisted that he needed to finish. After chugging the iced tea, he went back to work. There was so much property he had to go through- it usually took Bobby two days, but he just had to do it all in one afternoon.
“Oh I’ll show you anal.” Dean flashed a predatory smile.
Feeling the need to steady himself he pushed Castiel against the tile wall, caging him in between his arms on either side of him. The water hitting Dean’s back.
"I-I need you-" his eyes are desperate and his lips are red from being kissed. "Please-" and quickly, a large hand wraps around his cock and it took only two strokes before he's coming in thick spurts onto his lower tummy.
Castiel goes to work and all day he can't stop thinking about the boy. After work he makes the long drive to see John, although that's just an excuse and when he arrives he comes to notice the impala isn't parked in the drive way.
Castiel sucks in a shaky breath, most likely because he was getting turned on by the conversation now. "Yes-" his hand goes underneath the table to adjust himself in his khakis. "You're exactly my type-"
Dean sighs, "Sure-" and goes to grab the broom broom from the kitchen closet before going out to the porch. He's singing softly to himself as he sweeps all the leaves down the porch, instead of picking them up and tossing them into a garbage bag.
Castiel clenches a fist over his mouth before getting up from the table to go to the bathroom. It was just an excuse to get out of there, but maybe he should feel terrible because he ruined Tommy for life. Soon his wife is knocking on the bathroom door, asking him if he's alright and now he's really feeling sick because he can't escape what he's done.
Derek shrugs,"You're curious, it's fine-" before inviting him in and gives him the grand tour of the place.
His uncle apologized for his nephew's mistakes profusely and promised a replacement free of charge. Bobby wasn't mad at him, it was just a mistake and patted him on the back, told him not to worry, that it wasn't the end of the world but for a teenager- any minor upset or let down sure felt like the end of it all.
It's sick and it's beyond twisted, pretty down right toxic at times since they both have a temper. Dean understands why Castiel's got to be hard on him, he's his father figure, but him- there's no excuse. At least before the whole Meg thing went down next door, there was never a reason to be so hard on the guy, no rhyme or reason to cheat on him by kissing all his friends.
Castiel shrugs, opening the book he'd retrieved from under his mattress and while the man reads, Dean is bored out of his mind and he wants to jack off like he usually did when he had nothing better to do. But being here, that wasn't looking like a possibility. After hours of silence they get called for dinner pretty damn early in the day and he forces himself to eat the brown goop on his plate, whatever the hell it was.
"Isn't it strange livin' with a man whose not family?" he asks, trying to understand the situation.
He wanted a chance, Dean had good intentions for once. It wasn't going to be that way with him. He had been annoyed with the kid for month's since Castiel started working at the Walmart near his house, he was the most socially awkward cashier who never made eye contact and had balls to look through his Blackberry when he forgot it.
"Sure-" he sits down at the table after quickly washing his hands in the sink. "Least you got something good." he forces a smile, reaching in to the bucket of fried chicken.
"Hmm-" Dean hums as he fades away. Castiel drinks his coffee in bed, occasionally looking over at him sleeping soundly. Dean wakes up an hour and a half later, "Had another nightmare-" he mumbles suddenly.
When Castiel steps outside, freshly showered in his robe Dean tells him he's gotta run home- Bobby's waiting. He nods and lets him leave without a kiss. Dean makes it back in two minutes time and rushes through the screen door, "I'm back Bobby-" he says breathlessly to his uncle who was in the kitchen making dinner.
"What?" she props herself up on her elbows. "You don't want to? It's okay if you don't-"
Dean shrugs before reaching for the bowl of mashed potatoes on the table to serve himself. "You can do whatever you want, Cas. Host your lame book club here for all I care-" and his step father ignores what he says and only inquires about his uncles comment about his weight.
The boy smiles and holds it onto his lap until they reach Castiel's old neighborhood. "Here we are, hold on." he gets out and opens the door for the boy. Dean does something Castiel wasn't expecting at all, he holds onto his hand. It makes his heart swell up with love and instantly he wishes he had a child of his own to look after.
"You really love the both of us?"
Dean's hunched over, panting- half laughing once they all make it through the door and says, "Didn't know you could scream-" another smack to his head, making him whine again.
"That's Lisa-" Robin comes up next to him with a pot of coffee in her hand. "- she just started here this week. "
"Brady." they shake hands and Castiel lets him step inside the home, "Dean owes me some money."
Ash asks, "What wrong?"
"They kiss me-" Dean whines.
That's odd. "Made breakfast." he states when he doesn't respond. "Stop messing around- get out."
"Yeah?" Castiel looks over at her, giving her one of his looks- that head tilt, squinty look- to be exact.
That peeks the teens interest, "Or you'll do what- Spank me? Fuck me? The fuck are you gonna do to me Cas that you haven't done already." his voice is flirty but challenging.
"Fuck you, Dean-" he whispers harshly because he doesn't want to wake up Bobby. "For thinking I'm-" he just can't say the word and moves to leave the room as quietly as possible.
Dean looks at it, taking the cup from Castiel. He takes a reluctant sip. "Thanks. I don't want these anymore, they make my stomach hurt." is all he says before walking away to his room with the drink.
Castiel shrugs and mindlessly licks the sauce off his fingers and can't remember when he had began eating the wings in front of him. His mind was racing a mile a minute with his to do list and background noise that never leaves him alone. Eventually saying, "Fine, I guess-" because he can't tell the man that he's hanging on by a thread.
Dean groans, sticking out his tongue and soon the melted cream is dripping onto his tongue and lips.
The boy actually licks his bottom lip shyly as if preparing for a kiss, "I wish I could do it-" his words are spoken so softly. "It looks cool-"
"You wanna spend the night?" he asks while digging inside the fridge for something to eat, quickly settling on hot dogs.
After a while he decides against going in there and exploring just in case Bobby's stories of Big Foot lurking among the bare trees was true. Once his can is empty he crushes it with his boot and gets back to work. From where he's working, eventually he sees his step fathers car pull up next door so he tosses the axe he had been using for the past few hours on the dried grass.
"Gettin' a new car for my birthday!" he cheers, slapping his step fathers shoulder roughly.
Dean nods, sticking his hand into the big pumpkin. "Eww!" he yelps, "Gross!" his hand comes out of the pumpkin covered in all that messy goop. "Yuck-" Dean shakes his hand roughly to get it off and accidentally flicks a lot of the mess onto Castiel.
he's telling himself. "Cas." Dean whines, Castiel rushes to his side and wraps an arm around his waist- helping him walk out of the school building to his car. "It's happening again." he finally says when Castiel is securing the seat belt for him.
"Get in-" his tone is still one of warning, so he gets into the car and knows this will be a not so fun drive back to the house.
I've created somewhat of a Prequel to this story. It's called- Broken Little Soldier, and it will be a multi chapter story sort of like this one. It will go through Dean's younger years. if you'd like to read that as well it will be linked here. I was rereading the beginning of this story and in my haste I realized there's not much backstory on John and Castiel, when they first met or how Dean and Castiel got close. Since I'm stuck at home and studying online now, I've got plenty of time and the idea just came to me.
"Relax..." Dean giggles, "I'll still feel like death tomorrow."
“ Goodnight...Babe. “ Castiel’s sleepy voice whispered in agreement. In the morning they would talk it out.
Jody closes her eyes for a moment, "I can't imagine-" though she really can because she's lost people too.
Dean covers his mouth as his tears keep falling, he doesn't know why he can't stop crying. Castiel walks away from him and he screams- "Dad! please don't leave me again!"
Dean gulps, "Right-"
Dean wipes his eyes and goes to wash his hands before following his step dad outside. They're walking towards the large parking lot to search for their car when he asks, "After my birthday-" Castiel looks over at him while they walk. "-are you still gonna treat me like I'm some kid?"
Sam blushes, having already found the stash his big brother left for him and it's a heavy secret to keep. "Yeah-" coughs awkwardly.
Flashback chapter.
The man didn't just rape Castiel, he smacked him around while doing so. "Stop!" Castiel begs throughout the entire ordeal. The bedroom was filled with his gasps and cries of anguish until the man was finally done with him. "Stop-" he moans weakly.
"Yeah talk like that, I love it...talk to me." the older man rasped. "What are you wearing-are you naked?"
"Listen, Dean." Bobby speaks up, "When you turn eighteen, if you need a job- you can work for me here. I'm the only mechanic in town, get a lot of work but it all falls on me. Be nice to have some help."
Now that they didn't have to hide their relationship status, they could really enjoy the romantic holiday and Castiel was going to start it with a bang.
Less than two months before he's a man and the boy can't keep himself under his uncles roof for the life of him.
He fishes inside his pocket for his cellphone to see not a single missed call or text from Castiel and it was starting to hurt. Weren't they engaged now? Shouldn't things be better than they were before? Somewhere in the back of his heart, he does hold a grudge over Castiel's because of his job that keeps him away for long periods of time.
"Cas-" she whimpers, her nails clawing up his back. "Are you sure you want to-"
"If you're sick, you tell me or you tell him-" he points his fork at Castiel, who just now walked into the kitchen for breakfast. "Tell him-"
Dean almost chocked on his saliva.
After Dean came rather quickly, he and Castiel lay in bed and they talked about his issues regarding sex, anger and why he lost it before with him. He didn't know what to make of it but he didn't know Dean well enough to make a clear judgement so he would give him a real chance to prove himself and that even though he was afraid of sex, he would try to give him a try with an open mind. The man promised he would do his best to be patient and consider the boy's feelings and actually listen to him.
"I'm thinking about it." He kisses him again. "Let's get you that diploma first." Dean nods, "And maybe- we can visit your friends back home once in a while. We'll see how things go-"
" How many times have you bought condom's and lube? " The boy asked, arms crossed now.
"No, I know you love me." with that, Dean gets off the sofa and goes outside to find his young friend by the mailbox.
Dean still looks visibly upset by the news he got, "Robin thinks she's pregnant-" and instantly he's released. "It's not mine you idiot-" he deadpans. "She has a boyfriend you know-"
"Hey-" Dean waves shyly.
"Ugh- wanna be your kitten." he says softly.
He's drifting off to sleep when he hears a familiar voice talking to someone as he passes by.
Castiel pulls on some sweatpants and a shirt. Turning over to look at himself in the full body mirror he and John shared in their bedroom "I need coffee."
His throat felt dry and tight, painful. "What kind of life can we have?" he blurted without thinking.
"Who cares if he hears, he's gonna figure it out eventually-"
on his venture of fixing cars for a living alongside his uncle. But that excitement had sizzled as the weeks went by and the dread set in. "You're going to be fine-"
"Wait-" he pulls on her arm, "Stay the night? I don't want you driving back in the dark-" Meg nods and Castiel helps her into the shower.
Dean relaxes, "You chubby? I don't belive you."
"The kid likes you-" John throws the dish towel across the room, he'd been aiming for the kitchen but it didn't make it that far.
Dean nods, hand on his little bulging tummy. "Yea." he says quietly. Castiel notices it peeking out from under his shirt and it makes him laugh, every day he spends with the boy it makes him warm up to the idea of kids though he knows being with a man, he won't have the chance.
"Oh thanks Cas." Sarcasm in his voice. "So..." he kicks his feet in the air slightly.
"I want more-" the words are muffled between kisses.
"Oh my God you're an idiot-"
The teen forces a sad smile before getting up and looking for the same nurse who helped him out a few minutes prior. Eventually he finds her as she was coming to check on them both and what she says doesn't seem to put him out of his misery or ease his anxiety about the current situation.
Dean asked about Claire, if he would've liked her to be able to come because she was nice, so was Donna but Castiel thinks it would have been way too weird. Jody, his therapist would have been awesome to have as a guest but there's no way they can socialize outside of their sessions. As far as they know it's just going to be the
They're sitting in a fairly empty Starbucks while Dean's having a kid sized hot chocolate and Castiel's having his coffee. Things were going well, as well as they can go when you're trying to cheer up a guilty boy.
Though he's unable to help the disappointment he feels deep at his core or maybe all he really needs is sex.
and pretty.
"Is that okay?" he asks Dean, who nods yet again. "Alright, I'll see you back at home." he stands, and shakes the cops hand- "Nice to see you again." -before going up to the front of the diner, asking Robin to pack up his food to go.
The teen springs out of the bed in a hurry and slips into his boots that he'd kicked off the second he got into the bed.
Castiel has to restrain himself from doing just that right then and there in front of everyone. "You win-" they kiss once. "And you understand that it's only for
"Are you sure you don't want to keep-"
It was the first warm day in all of October and he wasn't going to let it go to waste.
Castiel wipes his face dry with the blanket, nodding in agreement. "I never told anyone-" he shrugs. "-I didn't want to admit that I got-" he just can't say it.
"Bobby talks to my mom-" his words are pained. "Fucking talks to her-" and begins to huff and puff again, which prompts the older man to haul him up off the bed by the collar of his jacket and drag him outside for some fresh air.
The man set his Blackberry down while he slid his American Express back into his Black leather wallet and nodded.
"She was dead- the same night she lost the baby. It was a blood bath-" Castiel swallows his nausea. "He was the only suspect- but he went free because she had no woulds on her. Nothing shows any signs of violence- no abuse."
Dean punches him in the arm, "Shut your fucking face, no I haven't!" he hisses. "You just-have me all confused. Kinda make me wanna be a girl for you-"
Dean sighs nervously, "Yea-" and doesn't know what else to do but the box containing his toy is right at his side.
"Sorry but had to thank ya for takin' good care of him for me." They both nod respectfully to each other before heading their separate ways. Castiel rushes to his room to call Dean, he's got to talk to him and this is the only way.
"What's in there-" Dean asks, chewing on the green straw of his drink. He'd never been here before but he sort of liked it, aside from the strong smell that lingered about.
Dean is quickly wheeled into an operating room as if his life was in danger or something and his eyes are wide and frightened as he's stripped off his clothing and changed into a hospital gown. It all has him crying and whimpering like a baby until he sees Castiel walking in wearing a long blue gown and a matching hair net.
The mechanic comes up to him by the door once he's had enough of watching him shuffle around the whole house in desperation and dangles the missing car keys in front of him. Though before he can snatch them from his hand he pockets them in his work pants for safe keeping. John really doesn't want his toy running away from him suddenly or coming home late again because five nights in a row was enough.
"Hi, sir." He shakes Castiel's hand. "Nice to meet you, Dean talks about you a lot."
Before leaving town, they manage to stop by a grocery store to stock up on a few essentials. The couple try to hurry in the store or else their pie would get cold and they really didn't want that because they were hoping to get the dessert back home to Bobby so they could share, poor guy wasn't doing so well this week.
Castiel leaves the club feeling strange, still not understanding why he likes Alex so much or why he's interested in helping him. The guy was just so pretty with his light brown hair, those freckles and his beautiful eyes. It was hard to not want someone like that, someone who is so easy on the eyes and kind to him for once. On the drive home, his daydream takes over again and he fantasizes about a life with him regardless of how stupid it is to think about.
Dean laughs loudly and struggles to haul himself up off the floor, laughing so hard was draining all the energy from his body.
"Why don't you come help me-" he smiles, waving him over and the boy walks up to the laundry basket. He grabs a damp shirt from the pile of clothing and Castiel lifts him up so he can clip the shirt onto the line with clothes pins, they carry on like this until he's clipped every item of clothing onto the line. "There you go." Dean laughs, mostly because fingers are digging into his armpits. "All done." he puts the boy down.
Dean's eyes shut painfully tight, "Coming-" and explodes between their sweaty bodies. "Ughhh, Cas-" his voice is completely broken. "-love you."
Dean Winchester is not doing so well the following day after losing his virginity, his stomach hurts and feels weird after getting his guts rearranged inside of him. He spends most of the day hunched over in his bunk while Castiel moves around the confined space, completely oblivious to his pain. It's not until they're sitting down together at dinner that the teen finally stands up, walking away suddenly.
Castiel bites his lip, "Is this something you want to explore with me?" his tone is a little nervous because it's a journey that's never been taken with a lover. "I'd only do this with you-"
John swallows, wishing he wasn't licking buffalo sauce off his thick fingers right then. "Oh-" his eyes widen.
The view is too sweet, too adorable to pass up so he nods. "Sure-" he pulls Dean's desk chair next to the bed so he can sit. "Do you have something on your mind?" He leans back on the chair, hands on his thighs and ready to entertain the boy in some kind of conversation until he can manage to fall asleep.
Dean perks up and looks up at him, "Are you mad cause I got stuff-"
After their dinner, Castiel takes the lead and orders some drinks with Dean's being alcohol free because they're in public. They sip on their umbrella drinks and exchange sweet smiles for a while before the teen begins stumbling over his words a little more often than normal.
"Right-" they kiss a final time and move around the kitchen to make something to eat. Dean helps him prepare quesadillas and Bobby comes home right when they're about to eat- "Hope you like quesadillas." he says to the bearded man when he sits down.
"Jo is a girl." he clarifies, "She's real nice."
"I like relationships-" he says casually, looking around the bar. "-I like sex too, just no girlfriend." John nods, thinking the guy is just single at the moment. "I like men-" Castiel admits eventually.
Dean looks over at his bunk mate, seeing that his wife had shown up and she came alone. "No-" he says firmly. "I don't take it up the ass, dad-" but this is a complete lie.
Castiel suddenly realizes its Sunday morning, "Damn it, go home and get dressed-" he gets up and rushes towards the bedroom, he turns back to see the teen still sitting at the table. "Now!" This time he listens and runs over to get dressed.
"If something big like that happened, you getting a girl pregnant...I don't know, it might raise questions. People-" he looks at Dean sadly, "-may find out it's just us living here. It would get out that your father isn't here."
Even with how tired he feels, his eyes can't seem to close. The neon red numbers on the digital clock by his bed keep changing and he's getting more restless with each passing minute. Castiel's been hearing the odd creak in the halls floorboards, occasionally the tree branches brush up the windows in his bedroom that cause a scratching sound but nothing is more disturbing than the strong aroma of fresh coffee that wafts under his door from the kitchen.
Jo whimpers, she tries to hug Dean but Dean holds her down. "Stop it. Let me just do this- " he keeps trying to push in again, it won't give. "I get you're a virgin but damn is there even a hole in there-"
"I love my step dad." he admits, watching her reaction but her face doesn't change. "Did you hear me? I said I-"
As she gets closer to him, Castiel backs away from her slowly- "Please. Don't tell anyone." his own eyes filling up with tears that don't fall. "I love him, Meg. It's not what it looks like-"
Castiel understands how hard it is because it's hard for him too. After a quick hug, he starts heading for the house, "Mind giving me a hand?" and looks over his shoulder to see that the teen is in fact following him. "Put these in the freezer-" he says once they're in the kitchen and unloading the groceries.
"I don't know." he sits,"I kinda like you being my 'dad' but-I can't help it if I think you're hot."
"Hey-" he forces a smile when Castiel opens the car door for his uncle. "How ya doin' Bobby?"
When he steps into the shower he's got the biggest smile on his face and it seems to be contagious because Dean gives him the same big smile in return. They begin taking turns washing one another with the single loofah that had been in the bathroom.
Castiel kisses Dean's bed hair, "Go try it on so you can show me." and he does go try it on without protest, he's probably been wanting to experiment-even then, Dean is a goofball who would wear a dress just for laughs.
"Pressure okay?" Castiel asks, working him-
Castiel nods, "After his birthday, hopefully." she nods uncomfortably. "I just don't feel comfortable with anyone knowing, not yet-"
Castiel stops, leaving the boys personal space. "Don't like it when I call you nice names?"
"I get it from my dad." he shrugs.
Castiel looks down the hall before sitting down where Dean had just been. "It's private-" he has to respect the secret he was just told. "It has nothing to do with our relationship-" and that seems to be enough to get him off his back. "I didn't hurt him either, it's not like that-"
"An hour-" he looks at his watch, he'd been there since seven in the morning. "Let's go, you're not getting out of it. He grabs Dean's arm and guides him into the car, slamming the door on it. When they arrive at the church, Dean's glaring at him with hatred. "Stop looking at me like that."
Castiel removes his hand from where it was and rubs up and down his back instead, "Dean-"
The only people in the entire world that have seen every inch of his naked freckled body were his parents and Castiel. Jo didn't count, he wasn't completely naked for that- he kept his shirt on the whole time. But now, it seems like every nurse in the whole hospital has seen him naked.
"Yeah- didn't know if you would ever want me again." Castiel admits, letting his hand lazily run up and down the teens sweaty back. "But I waited for you- I would pray every night, hoping you would love me again one day-" his voice cracks and he doesn't continue.
"You're fucking cute-" he comments before pushes Castiel's knees wide open, holding them there so he could watch his cock going in and out of him.
"C'mon-" he keeps kissing his bare shoulders, the stubble burning his pale skin "We both need this."
Dean opens the envelope and looks at his check, "One hundred and five dollars-" he sighs in disappointment. "-the fuck am I gonna do with that." Bobby smacks him in the head. "The fuck was that for!?" he rubs the back of his head, wincing.
"Sometimes." He smiles as he takes a sip of his soda.
"I know you stole from me-" the words are casual, hidden behind a fake smile because the boy keeps looking back at them both as he stands in line for his treat. "You think I'm just-"
"Well yea-" Dean rubs the older mans thigh up and down seductively once they're sitting inside the car, "-I'm gonna have sex tonight, why wouldn't I be happy."
"Everything okay?" Castiel asks, putting an arm around him as they all walk to Bobby's truck.
his lip is now freed by the moan.
"I hate you." Dean crosses his arms at his chest, "Scooby Doo is boring."
"Are you mad at me?" Dean asks, "Don't ignore me please."
Dean smiles as he bites into his own sandwich, "So you do love me-"
It's a little past four in the morning when Castiel sighs in relief, "So everything came back fine-" then looks over his shoulder, at the teen who had managed to doze off while sitting up almost an hour ago.
Bobby nods, "Jus' wanted to know you were safe with him."
Everyone agrees to adding icecream to their already too sweet desert but who the hell cares, it's thanksgiving and it's meant to be celebrated. Go big or go home, as Dean would say at such a time as this.
Dean leans closer, "What's in there Bobby?"
Dean shivers, "I'm not beautiful." he says it and Castiel almost doesn't hear him.
Castiel had to admit that one or two of these women were pretty sexy and could have either of them if he wanted. It was tempting and his eyes manage to follow the movement, every time one of these women uncross and recross their legs because they knew blue were were watching.
"Oh, I see." he's so jealous even though Dean's just out with friends. "Sure, I'll come over. Want me to bring anything?"
Dean gives him a pretty smile, "I love you too." after a few seconds he adds. "Daddy."
The elder teen laughs and throws one of her stuffed animals at her, "Shut up-" it leads to more laughter and ultimately a pillow fight.
"Since?" Castiel asks impatiently.
Aside from all the pain John had brought him, it brought him one good thing and that one good thing was Castiel.
like he might want the guy to get into bed with him like his dad does. Maybe to do
The light is finally coming through, shining at him from a very long tunnel that's he's still stumbling through. Since moving here, things have been weird in ways and better in others. Here, he can breathe, he can dream- dream about a nice future with the man he loves. Though the thought that maybe being with someone his own age is a better fit sometimes, the love for his step father doesn't let him go.
kinda college anyway-"
His chest heaves in anger too but If he had opened his mouth he might have said something he'll regret or do something he won't be able to undo. Something no amount of money or apologies will fix, not even time apart. In Dean's case an ass whooping or a beat down won't help because he might even like it. Dean loves to fight- no doubt about that. If he retaliated- the one punch would have turned into a full blown war and there would be blood and broken bones because he doesn't know when to stop.
"I was cutting grass. You know that-"
Castiel sees that the boy is holding up the covers for him, "Sure-" he doesn't want to get under there with him- but he does anyway. "Okay-" he sighs, before he begins to read the book from the beginning.
Dean lays back, his head resting on the pillow as he continues to confess- "I don't know-I just feel like everything around me looks weird." he bites his lip nervously, "Nothing looks or feels the same since-I took you to the hospital. Remember?"
He wasn't having it and asked "Wait! What's your name?"
Bobby and Castiel stay silent on the sofa, "See things? You told him I'm seeing
Castiel nods, "I'm sorry, I thought you were choosing not to eat."
John scoots over to make room for him, so does Dean. Castiel sets the pizza on the coffee table and they all dig in. It's awkward and weird, at least he thinks so. Dean and his father seem overly interested on the movie that was on the television. They
"What's that?"
"Cas, stop it." he buries his face in his step fathers chest, "Stop."
but that's over and done with.
Castiel looks up from his newspaper for just a second before refocusing on it. Dean sits down with his coffee and toast- "You ingnorin' me now?" He is being ignored. "Okay Cas." he eats his buttered bread in silence, when he's done he goes back to his room to change.
"You're still a minor-" that's his defense and he's sticking to it because it was true.
"Dean." Castiel glares, his uncle is right there-
Castiel looks up from the book he was reading in bed, glasses on the bridge of his nose. "Hmm-" and gets back to reading.
Soft and sweet, the only way he can bare to do this because anything more would make him feel worse about it. "Do you like this?" he manages to ask after a few dozen little kisses.
The older man licked his lips. Lost for words. He shrugged. “You got me. I don’t know what to say.”
John orders, "Lock the door and don't open it for anyone-" before letting himself out of the home and soon the Impala roars to life just outside.
Dean looks up at him and it just hit him how badly Gordon had really messed him up, mentally. Here's Benny, a cop and a totally normal guy who is being nice to him because he's his uncles friend- and he thought he was going to hurt him the same way. "Sorry." he wipes his face, "I didn't mean to yell- just thought you were gonna-you know."
Dean drops his pizza slice on his paper plate, "My stomach hurts-" and makes a run for the bathroom.
He probably wasn't going to graduate but it didn't matter right now. Castiel assured him he could get his GED at any point in time.
"Don't take it personally, he's really shy." Mary comments, "Come have a seat, dinner's ready."
"CAS!" Dean squeals, half laughing- half angry. "Shut the fuck up!" and darts to the bathroom, slamming the door. "My God!" he yells.
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up in surprise, "Heyy-" he smiles and crouches down on his knees so that they can make eye contact. "Do you know where he is?"
Once he reached his house Dean turned to face the passenger side of the car, “So.” Castiel ignored him. After a few minutes Dean leaned over to kiss the young man’s cheek, “Look at me. I tried with you, I really did...but it’s so hard when you rejected me. Feelings or no feelings, I don’t know If I can handle you running off on me again.” he spoke honestly, still pressing kisses to his face. Gently and slowly.
Dean's eyes were bloodshot from crying the whole day, part of the evening too. "Yea-" he shrugs, a magazine was open in his lap. "I was doing a lot of thinking-" Castiel nods, letting him speak. "-think maybe you should be with someone your own age." Dean shrugs again, turning the page. "I'm just some violent kid you're looking after-"
Soon they're both fully nude and kissing each other pretty much everywhere they could. The eager teen can't stop the pretty moans that leave his parted lips when the man enters him slowly, burying himself deeply inside the familiar warmth that always pulls him in deeper as if welcoming him home.
When Marcy eventually leaves at the end of the night, Dean watches from the kitchen table as they say their goodnight and even caught a few smooches. "Holy shit-" he says softly, mouth open in shock because his uncle is actually kissing a woman which is something he's never seen before.
Castiel listened. His heart sinking.
A soft whimper escapes the teen as he waits for further instructions. "Cas-" he sounds shy.
He had to wonder just how often he saw other guys. His heart felt like breaking but he was the one who wanted to part ways so he had to deal with it and move on. He found that life seemed lonely now even though he didn't know Dean very well or for very long.
or at least appearing to change because he wants to be in the doctors good graces.
The older man turned slightly on his side and placed his heavy hand on the boy's thigh, inching slowly inwards.
Once at the house, Dean goes up to his bedroom to rest and Castiel sits at the kitchen table on his laptop. It's not until he realizes it's been a hours and he hasn't heard a peep from Dean, he gets up and goes to check on him. "Dea-" he stops, Dean's crying completely audible from the hallway.
"Cas, I can explain-" Dean steps closer, feeling suddenly needy- "Cas-" Castiel pulls away, "Cas, please-"
The women are occupied with
Dean takes a step back, nodding firmly and says "Sorry sir-" with a tight bite to his tone.
"Damn straight." He pulls Sam up by the back of his shirt and Sam grabs a few sandwiches before he's pulled into Dean's room.
"God no-" Castiel laughs, "Eighteen is as young as I'll go-" there's a long pause. "My sentence was extended because I-I fucked some newbie in here who in the moment loved it, then he told on me. Said I raped him. Among other things-" and the story doesn't continue from there.
Dean's shoulders hunch up like he's trying to hide within his own body, like a turtle. "No I'm not-" his voice is soft.
"That-makes me very happy-" Castiel cups the teens face between his hands and gives him a real kiss- it's deep, long and lingering kiss that lasts for a few moments, and it expresses all the love he has for him. "I love you." he whispers, rubbing his thumb over Dean's bottom lip.
She sniffles, "You do?" when Dean nods she hugs him, her legs wrapping around Dean's waist. Dean cuddles into her, his face between her breasts. He starts moving his hips slowly, his dick jabbing at her slit. "That hurts, Dean-"
"Tell me it's over-" Dean murmurs against the mans beer gut, "We're not gonna have another family special are we-"
Charlie was only wearing jeans and her tank top which she had already adjusted. She gets up, hugging herself and feeling extra naked without her bra. "Bye, Dean." she whispers.
"About that-" Dean scratches his head, "She said you got it twice?"
"In his room, yes. Call pastor Jim, now."
"Because!" he yelps, half laughing. "They gave us cookies and cool aid when class is over- come on, the class is only an hour long, we don't need any friggin' snacks. "Maybe they put somethin' in the kool aid-"
Dean comes home from school a few days after his official birthday to find that Castiel was at Bobby's with a fucking
"So, what's it going to be today buddy-" he smiles while driving, "Mcdonald's or Starbucks?" the boy in the passenger seat is thinking it over, making a kissy face as he does.
Bobby sits on the edge of his bed and his gaze follows him. "If he ever- did somethin' to ya, somethin' weird, I want to know about it."
John barges in through the door, catching that last part. "What don't I know anything about?" he huffs, shoving Castiel aside so he can grab a beer. "Don't be tellin' him shit about me. Got that, Mary number two-"
By the time Jody finally joins him in her office, his nails are almost completely gone due to biting them for almost twenty minutes. It's been way too long, a few months now at least since he's seen her and that alone is making him extra nervous. Should he tell her about
Bobby sips his own soda, "Ya sure you even want him in
Dean blinks and holds up the bag of chips, "Can I open these?"
Castiel looks him up and down, shaking his head. "You were gone an hour." Dean's eyes widen for a second, he didn't realize he took that long. "What did you and Charlie do just now, out there?" he gestures outside.
"-I hate cherry." Castiel deadpans. Dean's mouth forms into an
"Did he hurt you?"
Castiel whispers softly in Dean's ear, "We're both staying home today."
"Right, that job interview at the hospital." Bobby sips his coffee, "Dean know yet?" Castiel shakes his head in response before he heads out the door and runs towards his car so he won't get too wet himself. Dean can be pretty self centered at times, he hadn't even noticed that his step dad was actually dressed up nicely for the first time in a while. He wore a white button down shirt, blue tie and black slacks. And of course, dress shoes.
"I can't wait to make love to you-" he looks up again to meet his blue eyes. "Give it to you slow and sweet, just the way I know you like it-" the teen nods shyly, not saying anything. "Get some rest, okay? I love you."
to the side and leans forward, reaching for the mans hand in order to hold it. "I didn't come here to talk about school-"
"Stop!" Dean shrieks, "I'll try to eat-" Castiel smiles and moves in to cut Dean's cream cheese bagel into smaller pieces in hopes that it will make it easier. "Thanks-" it worked, it took half an hour and many shorts breaks but he managed to eat the whole thing. Castiel looks too proud of himself, "You know I'm not starving myself this time, right? I jus-I friggin' lose my breath alright." he sighs when he's done explaining.
"I'll eat later." he sighs, enjoying the last rays of sunlight. Here- he could lay out and catch a tan. Back home, no way- too many neighbors around.
Castiel speaks up after a moment, "It's not my fault both my parents are dead."
At this moment in time the teen doesn't care  that he's holding his stepfathers hand in public. Not just in public but at his fucking work place, his colleagues can all see this taking place if they just bothered to
Castiel read the word ‘hospital’ and sat up on his bed, panicking.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Don't be a wuss, it's not over." he wraps his arms around the older man, "I choose you."
"Think you can make me a burger and some fries?" Dean's still gripping his thighs.
“Mr. Winchester, You are relieved from your boyfriend duties. You may go find your next conquest.” He extended his hand in goodbye for Dean to shake, “It’s been real.”
In the silence of the hospital room they both hear the click of the door. Castiel springs up on his feet but whoever had walked in was already gone. "Damn it, Dean." he looks from the door to the startled teen, "I told you." Dean pushes his gown down to his knees but it didn't matter now, whoever saw them- saw them. Castiel leaves the room without saying a word in search of the person who walked in on them.
The worst thing was that Bobby wanted to go with him, meaning Dean staying here alone. He wasn't worried about John coming by- he knows his boy can take care of himself. He'd have no problem shooting his father again if he happened to show up. When he told Bobby about this he mentioned that he had a good friend in town who could come check in on him every day. His old friend,
John rolls his eyes before being guided to the hospital room where his son was peacefully sleeping. "You sure he's fine?"
"Go ahead and crash here-" John suggests, clearly more lucid since he was an expect at drinking. Castiel sighs, his eyes half closed when the other man notices the bulge in his pants. "Don't bring any of that gay shit round' here-"
It's about half an hour and Dean walks inside, he's covered in sweat and his hair is completely wrecked. "I'm starving." Dean says, sitting down at the kitchen table. "We got any salad?" he asks, scratching lightly at his stomach. Castiel comes to him with a bowl of salad, which looks too colorful for him. "Thanks." he says, picking off the croutons and bits of bacon in it and digs in.
That night Dean's asleep in bed when John comes into his room, slightly buzzed. "Hey-" his father slurs, and he knows exactly what this means. He huts his eyes as tightly as he can.
Castiel smiles, it beats what he was thinking. "Well, finish up in here and we can watch a movie in my room." he closes the door softly. Dean finishes up and goes to Castiel's room, blushing as he walks in. He's biting the nail on thumb.
Dean sighs, "How long will you be gone- few days?"
"So cute-" the leather is tossed onto the floor before kissing him with tongue and all. The teen whimpers constantly beneath him, "Shh baby, calm down-"
"You paid for the room-"
Castiel savors the embrace for as long as he can before attracting attention, the he lifts the boy up into his arms and takes him to find an employee. Purchasing a dog turned out to be a lot like adopting one, there were many forms to fill out and a rather long conversation with the employee behind the counter but they were going to officially become dog owners. Well, at least Dean was because this was
Castiel smiles in understanding because really- what was he thinking to play a game like this with an eleven year old. "I'm sorry-" the boy gulps under him and he's unable to resist lifting up his shirt and blowing a raspberry on his tummy which makes him giggle right away. He does it again, before ending the session with a little kiss to the reddened skin. "Guess we should bag the whole vampire thing huh-"
Dean walks in and quickly goes to his room to do some work on his laptop while Castiel cleans up around the house. "Cas-" Dean comes out onto the porch right before sunset, Castiel was on a rocking chair enjoying more of Bobby's iced coffee. He leans against the porch railing- "Sam called me."
"Just friggin' peachy-" Dean says sarcastically. While they drive home he mentions, "I want McDonald's."
"You're safe with me and always will be, I promise." Dean clings to him tighter and says nothing, "I love you. So much." he kisses the top of Dean's head.
"Believe this-" he reaches over and presses a kiss against Dean's always soft lips and he doesn't return the kiss, or reject it. "Please believe that I love you-I'm sorry for being a jerk." he whispers and kisses him again and Dean starts crying once more. "Baby, please don't cry-I'm not going anywhere-" he kisses him again, "Please stop crying-"
"Do you really think I'm a slut?" Dean asks somberly.
“Would you look at yourself!” Dean scoffed,”You’re a fucking bear of a man! A sexy bear!”
The thing about this party was that parents were allowed to attend, which means Castiel showed up. Dean of course, blushed when the guy came in with a darn sheet cake and a couple of large pizzas for everybody to enjoy. Clearly he was showing off for the other parents, not that he minded at all.
Dean drove them back to his house in angry silence. Castiel kept his face turned towards the window.
The thing that hurts him the most - he doesn't feel
"You've been here two days-"
"Yes sir." After a few minutes of silence, aside from birds chirping in the distance- Castiel comes back from the cabin and Dean says, "Bobby, you got any scary stories?" His uncle looks pensive as if trying to think of one. "You gotta have some, living in that big ol' house all by yourself-all those years."
"I'll write you a note-" he fully intended to forge John's signature. The boy nods, taking small sips of the warm drink. "-after you finish that, you should take a shower before bed. You have school tomorrow-"
He looks around and he smiles because it's Dean's mess and he can't believe just how much he loves him. The situation isn't the most ideal but he loves that boy to death. He sits on the edge of his bed and grabs his pillow and hugs it to his face-inhaling his scent. When he moves to put it back he notices an old journal that was hidden underneath. He really shouldn't look through it but he picks up anyway and the worn leather cover had John Winchester's name sewn in- though Dean had scratched that out with some kind of blade or something sharp and replaced it with his initials.
They're sitting down at the table eating their pizza when Dean says, "I'm the pizza man-" in a funny voice that was supposed to resemble a monster, and he'd only made that comment after accidentally getting tomato sauce all over his face.
"Stayed after Sunday school-" he hesitates, "-I joined the boy's choir." Bobby drops his taco on his lap from bursting out into a belly laugh. "Hey!"
He managed to get the guy out of his mind until he got off work at 5:15 in the morning. Cas walked out of the store and dug in his pockets for his key's when he heard a whistle to his left. It wasn't...except it was, Mr.Winchester leaning against his shiny car. Waiting for him?
"Dean, do you want to take a break-" Dean looks up at him, "From us?"
But fucking was off the table for the next few months, so maybe now is the time to express his hidden desire.
Dean gets up and says, "Yea-" before exiting her office as quickly as possible, practically running out to the parking lot to meet Bobby in the truck where he had been waiting for him to finish up.
"You love
"Hilarious." He rolls his eyes, shutting the hood of the truck they just now finished. "I'm heading in now, darn mosquitoes."
The next day John takes both Castiel and his son to pick out pumpkins for Halloween, which was quickly approaching in a few short weeks. Castiel had begged him to come pick out pumpkins to carve as well as decorations. After an hour of convincing him and begging- he agreed.
When it's cleat that he won't be able to cook, "How do you feel about pizza for lunch
“Maybe if you were my boyfriend I’d accept your money.”
In the shower- he sighs heavily. The cool water runs down his hot skin and it feels amazing. His hair is lathered and he's working on his body when he bathroom door creaks open. He pauses and listens- "Yeah?"
he shivered but kept his cool, placing the items in bag's accordingly.
"Baby it's okay." Castiel looks over at him for a brief moment as he drives. "She's a bad girl, it's not your fault." Dean nods in agreement."Let's not talk about her, I handled it."
"Can we go already?" Dean asks Castiel, they're in the middle of the grocery store shopping.
"You're okay baby-" Castiel leans over his body, closer now, holding himself up but still close enough to stick his tongue in the boys mouth. "Mmm-"
you-"
"You don't?" Castiel shakes his head, and goes back to the living room.
"No one said that." Castiel couldn't hide the fact that his eyes were red with tears. "You're scaring us-" Bobby passed by- but left them alone. This was between
"If you want, I can give you a ride." John agrees and Castiel sticks around, helping the mechanic out with his car until it's time for Dean's school
"Like to the train tracks?" Castiel read his mind, setting a plate in front of him that contain eggs and toast. He nods. "I'll make sure that you don't do that." He kisses the top of Dean's head. "But I think I need to get you into therapy."
His eyes look around for him to hopefully pop up from somewhere, no such luck.
"Cas?" He knocked on his bedroom door, "Talk to me."
"I know she can't be your daughter-" Dean laughs softly. "-what are the chances right."
"Daddy-" he huffs, almost moaning. It's no surprise when his step father stays on the line regardless of his goodbye. "Are you there Daddy-"
"Guess that's cool with me-" Dean stands up when she does, following her out to the waiting room.
Dean giggles shyly. "In my dream-" then sits up innocently while holding his doll against him. "I was a bunny, and I ate all the flowers-"
Castiel's hands are in his jackets pockets and he knows where this is going. The boy wants a dog and he wants nothing more than to get it for him, but
"Cas tells me you went into the woods?" Bobby sips his coffee.
"I don't care-" Castiel begs, "Fuck me." And John obliges, he pounds that white ass without mercy- the way Castiel liked.
Castiel says nothing because there's nothing to say, she's doing him a big favor by keeping quiet about this.
Those eyes were blinking rapidly in shock or disbelief, maybe both. They don't move or say anything for a few seconds that end up feeling like minutes in this crucial moment in time. Castiel leans in and kisses the corner of his mouth again, actually feeling those thick long lashes fluttering against his own face. It feels like a huge mistake, like he might be taking advantage of the boy until he
Bobby nods, "Why don't we leave em' alone for a while?" he asks Dean, "Let's go make something to eat-" he looks at Castiel. "There's some books on the shelf if you wanna read somethin'-"
Dean's blinking up at him rapidly, trying not to close his eyes as his body is tensing up. He's biting his lip so hard it's hurting him. "Uhh huhh." he half moans. Castiel traces the boys bottom lip with his thumb, pulling it free. Before he can think he slides his thumb into the boys mouth. Dean just lets him, he sucks on it. Dean is now full on moaning, his chest rising and falling quickly.
"Well Cas, guess I'm happy for you." Dean leans over and hugs his step dad. Bobby chooses that moment to walk by and stares at their embrace, he looks up and sees him watching. "Cas got a new job-"
Dean swallows, looking up at Castiel from where he lays in bed, a comic book in his hands. The man had come into his room to straighten up and take out the trash as he usually did once a week because he knows he sure as hell won't do it himself. "Dunno." is all he says, his eyes going back to skim though the comic book.
"I brought coffee-" he smiles wearily down at the nurse, knowing it's a shitty thing to wake her up before noon on her day off.
"At this hour?" it was only four in the morning.
"God-" he groans in frustration before getting up from the bed to get himself some water from the kitchen.
Castiel pulls on his boots and simply instructs the teen to do the same so they can grab a quick bite to eat before heading home. Castiel takes the lead, ordering for them both once their seated at the hotels cafe in the lobby. It was nice, but not so nice to where they might feel out of place for being dressed in winter casual. A quick glance around at everyone else wearing jackets made them both feel better than when they first walked in.
Castiel doesn't want look at him yet, he's so afraid after seeing Dean in that moment - mid orgasm. It's doing things to him. It shouldn't but it does. He sighs finally saying, putting the boy out of his misery. "I'm not mad, I just-" He uncrosses his legs and crosses them again. "-I don't want you to feel embarrassed."
Castiel laughs, "You're in a good mood."
Dean smiles weakly, "There's a field trip I wanna go to, I needed money but didn't bother telling dad-"
Dean shakes his head because of course he will not let the mans skills go to his head. "Cas-" he repeats, almost whining because he already feels like coming.
"You never took those outta the car huh-"
He cried out into the older mans shoulder. "I don't care-"
Now that he's compiled enough paperwork with good grades on them, the excitement for showing them to his step father grows by the week. Since he brought the truck today, he didn't need a ride from Ash but it was his turn to return the favor since the elder teens vehicle was acting up.
"Fuck-" Dean whimpers eventually,  "There isn't more, is there?"
"Shut up, you have me-" Dean's voice waivers. "I just need time, heal or whatever-"
Dean goes to town on him, sucking him down as much as he can manage without getting grossed out. Though when he does gag, Castiel groans loudly and thrusts upwards involuntarily.
Castiel nods, "Yes baby, a thousand-" he's completely unaware that he just called the nineteen year old baby. Alex' greenish blue eyes look up at him hopefully and his heart melts. "Say you'll see me again-"
thing that's too embarrassing to say and simply gestures that he'll be right back. The man nods with a wink, a fucking wink to make him feel worse about what he's thinking about doing.
"Hmm?" Castiel looks down at him, "Oh no-" he laughs. "-my feet are killing me. I don't get to sit down much at work."
Castiel looked at green eyes trying to figure out if he was being sincere or he just wanted in his pant's. " Promise Cas. I want you now, only you. I want to try and show you I can be good. "
over and over again. Dean tries the doorknob but it's locked, "Dad, Castiel-" he says softly, too softly so they didn't hear him.
"No dinner again-" the man huffs from the kitchen.
Castiel gets into the car again and sighs in relief, the air conditioning cools him down instantly. He thought he was nervous until he looks over at the boy in the passenger seat, biting the skin on the edge of his thumb. "Baby it's okay." he parks right in front of room number nine. Luckily not many cars were in the motel lot. "Come on baby-" Castiel opens the door for Dean and they run up to the door of room nine, hand in hand- he gets it open quickly. "Take off your-"
"Dean, I'm afraid we're running out of time." he nods before they both stand up at once. "Next time, I want to talk about your-"
I had to cut out a lot of the chapter because I felt like it was too dark and graphic to post. Sorry about that, I didn't want to make anyone too uncomfortable.
"Ugh-" Dean's head falls against his chest, his orgasm is building- "Shit-"
On a different day Dean enters one of the rooms in the back of the diner they used as a break room and finds her there on the floor- on all fours, in a position that looks a lot like
Castiel laughs out loud, "You are soft-" and gives the teens ass a firm squeeze. "Will you be okay?"
Castiel slowly spins his chair around, "Come sit on daddies lap-" the teen almost chokes on his saliva. His legs spread open and he pats his thigh thigh in invitation. "Come on-"
"But Daddy. We need you-"
Dean suddenly stands up, "Well Benny-" and drops a five dollar bill on the table for a tip. "Nice hangin' out but I better go-"
Dean laughs, "It's fine. Besides, he's in the hospital-"
forever. "You're so warm-" his voice is breathy, as if aroused.
Castiel watches the two teenagers interact from the window, Bobby comes up beside him. "Why you spyin' on em?"
"Yeah. Could you-" Dean stops, not wanting to continue for fear Castiel will think he's disturbed.
Castiel laughs, handing the cigarette back. "There's a lot you still don't know about me." he winks at the boy. "So- tell me about your day." he asks again.
Eventually Castiel groans, rolling over in the bed- it jolts Dean awake after he'd dozed off from pure boredom. "Cas-" he whispers. "-I'm here."
"Oh yea-" Dean leans over the table, "-then why did I see him right outside your house?" Castiel gulps, "Yea, in the middle of the road- he was callin' my name-"
Castiel sits down first after pulling away from the embrace, "You look good-" the young man is silent. "Alright then-" he's now very annoyed. "Why did you come here?"
but he sits down anyway.
Castiel scoffs, "What are you talking about, you had Sam and Jo-" he puts a button on his playing card, over the picture of a scorpion, "-and Jack."
They're in the store when Dean tugs on the sleeve of his sweater, "Hmm?" he hums. He'd been trying to decide between two different bottles of cold medicine.
Castiel rejoins Bobby on the couch right then and the bearded man asks him, "You okay? Boy told me you had the runs-"
John thinks.
Dean follows him, hugging him from behind. He presses his body up against the older man.
The three of them stand up but only Dean speaks- "Is he going to jail?" The cop nods, "Good-" but it doesn't feel
Meg escorts him to the door and they hug briefly but tightly before she gives him the order to get out of the relationship with John as soon as possible. He lies by saying that he will, but they both know he wasn't going to escape yet. She knew all about being in an abusive relationship, it's hard to leave. You say you will but you won't, not until something really bad happens.
Castiel covers his mouth to conceal a laugh. "I liked her for you."
Dean pushes it away, "I was sick last night, not hungry yet." Bobby nods in understanding, for the first time he doesn't nag him about it because he actually does look sick and is not just being a brat about his food. He's about to make his way out back to work on the car when Bobby tells him to not, it's way to hot and it could make him feel worse- tells him to go into town and see his
John raises his trembling hands, "I-I miss you-I had to come visit my boy."
Castiel snarls like a wolf before giving his love everything he's got, leaving it all inside of him and rides the final waves of both their orgasms. "I can't-" panting, "Get enough of you-" leans in to press a kiss on Dean's forehead.
Dean wasn't gay as far as he knew or completely straight, but most definitely curious about
Dean's so scared of his father now that he grabs his fork and eats them, even if the didn't like it. It turned into a stomach ache late at night when the adults were asleep. "Castiel-" he opens the bedroom door, "Castiel-"
Dean feels warm and funny in his stomach, it was their first phone call together. "We're gonna have hot dogs for dinner-" he laughs, "The zombies are killing Sam!"
He chuckled and sat down on the edge of his bed, "I was kinda hoping-" the boy had straddled his lap in an instant at those words and was going for his lips, but missed. kissing his stubbled cheek instead. "Come here." He lay back in the bed, pulling the boy to him as he got comfortable.
Dean stands up painfully but manages to keep it from showing. "I like talkin' to you, Bobby-" he admits before giving the large man a bear hug. "I'm so happy to be livin' with your cranky ass-"
"Dean, are you alright?" Bobby and Castiel open the door- to see the teenager laying in bed with his phone in his hands. "You haven't eaten-"
Finally the sweet torture ends and Castiel is trying not to laugh himself, the boy just made his night a while lot better. Dean's laying back, huffing and puffing from the struggle of trying to get free from the tickle monster at his side. Their eyes are fixed on each other in curiosity and neither of them know just yet.
Castiel's eyes shot up angrily to Dean's.
Dean kissed near Castiel's puckered hole, still keeping his eyes locked on Castiel’s. As if asking for permission to continue where he really wants to kiss.
The pictures of Mary, John and baby Sam still hang there. I taped them to the wall and they fall down every other day and I don't mind. It helps me remember. Helps me remember that this is why I'm still here,
"I don't feel like going to school tomorrow." he says sadly, looking up into blue eyes. "There's a lot of big kids at my new school-"
"Now?" Jack yawns.
used to hit you-" Dean looks up at him, "-but I'm not going to do that, I don't believe in that." Dean nods, now looking ahead at the wooden fence. "Part of me wants to discipline you because in a way I do see myself as your father, but we're-" Castiel whispers this part, "-
Dean sits down at the table, watching the older man crack a few eggs into a sizzling pan. "Noticed what?"
Dean smiles before scribbling on the workbook once again. Castiel sips his iced coffee until it occurs to him that he hasn't had anything to eat today. "Do you want lunch yet?" the boy nods. "Alright, let's see what I can make us-" he gets up, patting the boys shoulder on his way to the fridge. "How does a salad sound?"
Dean places both of his hands between his thighs because he's feeling a little too jittery. "It hurt so
"Run it under some cold water-"
The guilt in Dean Winchester slowly rises, "Really?" but not enough to beg for forgiveness just yet.
Dean whimpers, "Mhm-" his hands gripping the edge of the couch, he feels Castiel kissing softly behind his ear. It tickles him and he wants to laugh but he moans weakly instead.
"She ain't doin' too good, thought it might hurt ya more to know-" the teen is about to ask what he means by that but instead rushes inside.
When Dean is sure that his father is done with him for the night, he goes on the hunt for something sweet to make himself feel better. After settling on some ice cream, his behind is parked in front of the television because he's too upset to go to bed right now. If it earned him another spanking, then
Dean nods, "What does that mean?"
Dean and Castiel wait by the mailbox at the end of the driveway, he's holding the boy in his arms to help keep him calm. "What happened-" Dean asks him eventually.
"Not a clue, got in my truck and started cryin'-"
He likes talking to chuck so he answers, "My dad left-so he- uh, he's been taking care of me."
All of those groans and needy moans are fuel that keep him going because Castiel is fucking sexy when he wants to be.
The toilet flushes and it's heard through the extreme silence of the house. Dean exits the bathroom and goes back to his room.
After all, wasn't this just supposed to be about protection? This man wanted to protect him and take care of him, that's it, so why was the man falling in love with him. Was it a game? To scare him away because he wasn't doing his job as a his bitch? Maybe Castiel was trying to freak him out by saying I love you so that he'd run away, young boys get a bad reputation for running away when things get complicated.
"I'll take care of you." he winks, "My name is Alex, what's yours?"
don't change Cas, you're always gonna see me as that little kid I was when we first met but I'm not. I'm growing up and you can't see that, maybe it's you who doesn't respect
"John-" he tries to push the man away but he's sucking his dick again. "Ughhh,
"Cas-" his arms wrap around him, "I love you but learn to take a joke, yea?" his tone of voice is so soft and sweet that he's forgiven for the comment instantly. "So-" they kiss once, "Did bring your camera?" leans in to whisper in his ear, "Cause I wanna make porn with you-"
But it felt good, to laugh like this and what felt even better was to know that his uncle didn't completely hate him for loving another man. Even if it was his stepfather, the man who was only supposed to take care of him. Sure he understand why he wanted them both to keep their distance for now.
"Yea-" Dean huffs, following his step father as they walk through the trees.
"Aww, you're waiting for me-" he coos lovingly as he steps out of the car and pulls his bag from the back seat, tossing it over his right shoulder. He walks up the steps and when the teenager doesn't make a move to follow him inside he looks over his shoulder in curiosity, "Something wrong?"
Dean's in the middle of the lunch rush early the next afternoon when Castiel comes in to visit him. If that damn door didn't have a bell on it he wouldn't have noticed him walk in. Castiel takes their usual booth and orders lunch from Robin. Soon he's got his lunch and he's looking around the diner for his boy but not seeing him so he digs into his burger and onion rings.
Late in the afternoon Castiel comes home to pick up Dean and they head over to the dentist office. The day flew by before Dean finds himself sitting in the dental chair, prepped and ready to get his seventeen cavities filled in one go. The waiting seems to be the worst part until he sees the dentist come in, he's preparing his tools and he sees four large injections on the silver tray at his side.
"That guy has always been creative, I'll give him that." Right then he calls Robin over for another slice of pie and when Meg looks at him suggestively- "Make that two." he holds up to fingers to the waitress. "I have to say, you look amazing-" he makes the comment once his eyes refocus on the nurse.
"You wanna come for me, Dean?" Castiel kisses his jawline a few times.
" Dean. " He sighed, " It's Dean now. "
Meg, takes his hand and Castiel looks at Dean. "You remember Meg don't you?"
Castiel is annoyed but still responds, "I usually date men who are manlier than me I guess."
After hanging up with the operator, he waits a while before he knocks on Dean's door, John must have calmed down by now because he hadn't heard anything in a few minutes. "Dean, we need to go outside-" and the poor boy is confused, not knowing what was happening. He had no idea that his father had hit Castiel.
"But then you won't have time for me anymore-" Dean smiles as he looks up at the older man, clearly in better spirits today.
job. There's some awkward silence before, "If it makes you feel better, I kinda whored myself out for money-"
Bobby combs his beard with his fingers, old habit. "You're depressed-"
Castiel blinks, a new tear rolls down his reddened face. "-in the beginning, I sort of did- before I knew he was-" he glances at Dean, "-you know." Dean nods. "I don't even know why I'm crying-" he groans, wiping his tears on the back of his hand. "-I think he's going to pop up-one day- freak us all out."
Dean spends the whole day on his new laptop- reading and catching up on school assignments. They're relatively easy- mostly video lectures, quizzes and minimal note taking. He's enjoying the digital version of school and he's finding it much easier. He decides to have a quick dinner before heading for the shower- he just can't take it anymore. Somethings bothering him- he's been itching
Instantly that grabs Castiel's attention, "What are you doing?" and looks down at the large hand on his lap.
Castiel grabs hold of his half hard dick, stroking lazily. It takes about only three strokes and it's already fully hard and erect. Dean blushes, keeping his mouth shut. Castiel keeps jerking him off and he becomes a mess. He begins to whine and whimper, gasping and sighing softly. He's kissing his neck softly the entire time he's stroking Dean. It takes him a long time to get close to orgasm, having just had one when he was making out with Charlie.
"Go on to your room boy-" Bobby orders quietly since it didn't look like he was going to eat anyway.
"What's he done this time?" Castiel groans into his cellphone, "I'll come get him."
Dean grunts because he's being pressed up against the wall, a broomstick digging into his back. "What secret?" his eyes are wide and looking up at the taller man towering over him.
and he quickly takes a seat at their usual booth. Dean walks over nervously, "You here for lunch?" Castiel nods, looking through the menu he's already got memorized.
Castiel squeezes Dean briefly, "I know baby, yesterday it was all me and I'm sorry." Dean nods. "I-I just get defensive about no one hitting me because-" he pauses to breathe in nervously. "-your dad wasn't exactly the only boyfriend I've had who would hit me." Dean looks up at him now, curious. "Before I met John I had a boyfriend, I was with him for a few years- he was an alcoholic and let's just say he wasn't a happy drunk."
The next morning Castiel walks into Dean's bedroom wearing his signature powder blue scrubs, "Ready for school?" he asks. Both boys nod, heading out the door.
"Cas, can I sleep in here?" Castiel looks up to find him, all cleaned up with wet hair. "I don't wanna just bang you and leave you." he smiles.
Castiel comes to the kitchen, eyes on Dean. "Is that right?"
Dean instantly goes red and shakes his head, it was no secret that he didn't like having come in his ass much less pushing it out in front of the man who put it in there. Castiel doesn't seem to want to take no for an answer so he slowly pushes the hot come out and he can feel the warmth trickling out. Dean can't help but scrunch up his nose at the funny sensation.
"He understands all that doctor stuff-" Dean turns the page of his magazine again, not reading the words or seeing the pictures. "-you could marry him and no one would care."
The downcast gaze tells him everything he needs to know and he's escorting the neighbor boy to his bedroom. Tommy enters the large space cautiously and looks around, taking in all of the framed family pictures on the wall. It's obvious that he had no business being in here because it's the room that the man shares with his wife, his eyes land on the king sized bed.
"I don't care how much I love you or anyone, why would I stay with someone who punches me in the face every other month?" he says that with a bite to it. "Wouldn't you leave me if I punched you in the face?" Dean doesn't know what to say, he hadn't considered it because Castiel's never really hit him but his answer would probably still be no. "I have self respect, Dean."
Jack sniffles, "I had a baby brother named Adam, before Eve- but he didn't make it. Adam died in my moms tummy, that's why I was so scared when my mom was in so much pain-"  Dean doesn't know what to say, so he just pulls him close and holds him for a few minutes- it wasn't long before Kelly called him to come home for dinner.
A tall Blonde girl shouted, " Two Venti White Chocolate Mocha's for Cas Winchester! "
He was so sure that one day, he'd open his front door and see the young Winchester standing there, asking to come inside. No such day ever came, and it didn't need to, because John left and he had
"It's okay, I want to try-" Jack takes a cigarette and inhales slowly as Dean lights it for him. It makes him cough a little bit and makes his mouth and lips feel dry. "This doesn't taste good-"
Castiel nods, "I'm sorry I ruined everything. I'ts just a matter of time before he finds out-"
Dean shrugs, pulling off his shirt and pushing down his jeans. Castiel was already naked and he let him know by simply pushing the blanket out of the way. "I'm ready for you baby-"
Dean nods compassionately, so does Castiel. "Damn, I didn't know. Jus' kinda thought you didn't want kids-"
"No breakfast."
Dean picks up his fork, playing with his eggs before swallowing some down, chewing. "I'm okay.." he says, mouth full.
Castiel calls it, "It's almost time-" his eyes go to his love by the fire with his friends and gives him a nod. "Three. Two. One!-" and as soon as he called it, Robin kisses Dean on the lips.
Castiel sighs heavily, "Well I don't rape you, Dean."
Castiel winces, "Daddy-" and he's kissed in the most filthy way for a moment before the man pulls him to the edge of the bed, spreading his thighs apart. "Fuck me, Daddy-"
When Dean wakes up from his restful sleep there's an apology text from Castiel waiting for him on his phone telling him he he was sorry for not calling and it makes him smile. He replies with a simple red heart emoji. The day doesn't feel any different than when Castiel is there. He has breakfast like usual, though he ate a bit less today. He still goes out back and helps his uncle change the oil on one car and helps him fix a flat tire on another. Lunch time comes around and he sits down to sandwiches with his uncle, they eat outside and he only has a few bites and chugs his root beer before going back to work. Bobby notices and it worries him- he knows the absence of his step father is going to affect him more than he thought.
Once at the fast food restaurant, Castiel orders while Dean takes a seat at a booth near the back. He looks over at the boy every now and then while he waits in line to order to make sure he doesn't run off somewhere. Just by the look on his serious little face, something was definitely wrong with him. If he wasn't sick, what other problem could he have? He's only eleven. Once he's ordered and has their food, he joins the boy at the booth.
"Does not!" Dean yells.
"Eww!" she squeals, "I didn't come to hang out with doctor Cas!" when he glares at her she stops her joking, "Yes." she replies finally. "I'm still on birth control."
"I like someone older." Dean blurts out, as they walk inside. Bobby looks at him.
"Sure Cas." Dean smiles. "I'm sorry-"
Castiel's just happy that Dean is eating at all. It's these rare moments where Dean just- Eats, that he loves to witness. "Do you have plans? It is Friday."
"A week or two." Castiel inches closer to Dean, in case he gets upset again. Which he does by the look on his face. "And Bobby wanted to come with me- he wants to bring your car here, he's got a tow truck. He said he want's to help you fix her."
Dean starts the truck and lets her warm up for a few short minutes, then he takes off to the church. When he pulls up to the semi Gothic looking building he shudders and hops off the truck, making his way inside. It wasn't even nine in the morning yet so it was pretty empty, only a few people praying on the benches. Dean walks uneasily towards the front of the church and takes a seat on one of the benches, looking around because he's got no idea how to pray.
"You're sorta pretty-" John admits, his large hand carding through Castiel's dark hair before he pulls on it. "-do you might if I get a little rough?"
"We're gonna eat in my room." Dean says, hand placed on his friends shoulder. "That cool?"
"Awesome- listen, can I talk to you?" the teen nods again, the cop looks over at Castiel. "Mind if we do that alone? I'll give him a ride afterwards."
Dean takes the piece of paper and nods, not saying anything. The man leaves with an awkward smile and as soon as that door closes, he makes sure to lock it behind him. Like a baby, he dials Castiel to let him know some guys came over and why he hadn't said anything about it but there was no answer. He looks out the window and watches the men standing by their industrial van that was parked up front, occasionally they look back at the house and they're laughing about something.
Castiel looks over at him, "Kind of a weird time to bring up your dad." the teen nods, eyes fixating on the blood once again.
"I'm still good." he smiles, there's a bit of guilt in his stomach over making out with his best friend last night. "But, I am bored."
"Doesn't she have a mom who can take her?"
"Cut it out!" he roars, pulling his nephew off the older boy. "The hell is the matter with ya!"
"Have any idea what he talks about in there?"
Bobby ignores their banter because as long as they're not sucking face in front of him, it's all good on his end. Dinner starts off awkward, mostly because Castiel keeps staring at him like a piece of meat on a stick and it kills the happy mood he'd been in all day. When the bearded man gets up from the table to go watch something in the living room, that's when Dean leans over the table.
Castiel cups his face gently, "Soon." he winks. "Get dressed, Bobby's probably-" right then Dean's phone goes off, blaring Metallica. "-you better hurry."
"If Bobby asks what happened to me, you better make somethin' up. This is your fault-" he says before going to his room. Castiel feels like crap the entire day but kept his promise of having dinner ready when Bobby came home- Dean didn't come out to eat but that's fine. He'd bring him a plate soon.
"Mmm-" Castiel's hands grip the dancers waist, guiding the movements possessively. "I'll pay whatever you want, no one has to know-"
"Dean, it's not the time for jokes." his fingers run through the short brown hair of his love. "You're underage, you can't be going off on your own anywhere."
Castiel nods, "If you think I've earned that right-" he looks towards Bobby and Bobby pats him roughly on the back. "Thank you, it means a lot to me."
"Listen, Dean hasn't been doing well-" Bobby nods, "I'm worried about him, his father was-"
Bobby saw the entire exchange and it warmed his heart, they looked like real father and son. Soon enough Dean would have to go to his next therapy session and you best believe he was going to make Dean tell the therapist about his feelings for his step father. He had to work through them and he needed help from a professional in order to do that.
Without hesitating- he shoots it and kills it the first try. His aim was amazing. Raven feathers scatter everywhere and he runs up to the dead creature. "Sorry, buddy." he says out loud as if it could hear him, Bobby comes up behind him.
"Vitamins." is all Chuck says as he injects something into his IV line. Dean sputters when he tries to swallow them, he spits them back onto his hand. "Sorry, the pills are kinda large but you need a high dosage-"
Castiel looks over his shoulder after pulling on a fresh shirt, "I'm going to the store-" now he's pulling on a pair of jeans.
Dean moaned weakly, come spilling all over his belly and his fingers. His eyes opened, instantly going wide. "Oh my God!" he's quick to grab a pillow and shields his naked crotch from the man.
His mother gave him a look. "You said it was boring, bringing him a snack is something to do so go do it." with that she kissed his hair and unpack some more.
After a while, he was almost unable to continue his train of though because of he hurt he felt towards Meg.
Castiel relaxes, holding his hand in his. They both secretly wonder, will there ever be a day they will be able to hold hands in public- during daylight hours? Like a normal couple? They both hope so.
"Okay." Dean smiles, his green eyes the happiest they have ever been in the time he's known the kid.
"Do you believe that?" she asks, blowing right passed the admission that something had happened between them already.
Dean helps Castiel dry off with a towel once he's all squeaky clean and sets a side some clothes for him to slip into before leaving the bathroom for privacy reasons. Castiel shows up to the bedroom a few minutes later after having brushed his teeth and looking just the slightest bit uncomfortable.
Castiel assumes the comment is made innocently, thinking nothing of it. "I know, I tickle-" and rests his head on the boys pillow next to his. "Are you hungry yet?" and he shakes his head. "Not even for some waffles?"
Dean groans, "But it hurtsss."
The nurse takes blood from his arm as usual and checks his vitals, when she steps out the doctor comes in and he takes a look at him- "What am I looking at today?" he asks, Dean explains his humiliating symptom and the doctor nods while listening to his concern. He shyly pushes down his jeans to his knees to show his doctor the affected area, "Any recent sexual activity?"
What he didn't know was that the teenager was completely heartbroken on the inside, crushed even.
Dean laughs bitterly, "You've gotta be kidding me-that guy's insane!" he takes a step back, away from the cop. "Just cause I broke his friggin' nose doesn't mean I tried to kill-
Dean nods and shoves the burger into his mouth even though he'd rather be eating dirt right then. "Happy?" he smiles wide with his mouth disgustingly full and his uncle pays him no mind because he's more than used to the boys antics by now.
Dean must have ate three burgers and a whole lot of snacks, thanks to his father being a deadbeat. His belly was overly filled and it was a good thing because tomorrow was going to be a long day and he's got no idea what to expect. Although he was kind of into guys, he certainly didn't want to get raped or become someones bitch in prison which his father did warn him about.
"What history?" Dean looks over at the older man, "You went to college together and worked in the same hospital-"
It's the only time he doesn't have a panic attack. "Sure." he says finally and plays along. "Your pussy would be so pretty-if you had one."
"I'll think about it." He kisses the teens sweaty hair and gets up, "I'm going back to my room, I assume you're going-" Dean nods, "Sweet dreams, Dean." and that kind of hurts him, for him not to say baby or sweetie- he said Dean. He really is disappointed in him, he thinks as he gets into his own bed to hopefully sleep. In the morning, his uncle and Castiel are eating away and he's just staring at his plate of eggs and toast like it's the most disgusting and vile thing that's been put in front of him.
Dean's breathing stutters, closing his eyes before they begin to water. He's nodding in understanding.
Castiel goes to the bathroom first and he turns on the shower to cover up the fact that he's going to make a phone call. He dials Dean and waits for the boy to respond to his call.
"Tommy!" he shouts from where he's sitting on a lawn chair with some lemonade.
He pulls away, eyes focused on those lush pink lips that he just wants to devour already. "Ready to go inside?"
The teen is silent for a while because it was a shock to realize that
Castiel places a soft kiss on the top of his head while rubbing up and down his back to soothe. "I'm so happy-" when green eyes peek up to look at him he asks, "Are you alright with being engaged to me?"
Castiel blushes, still consumed with guilt. "I guess it's only fair."
Castiel obeys and tosses him a closed bag of chips which the teen quickly opens.
Dean sits down in the middle of Castiel and Bobby, they both ask- "How did it go?" Before he could answer, two cops pass by escorting Gordon Walker to the same room he was just in.
"Like I said, crash here." he gets up and goes to his bedroom, the one he used to share with his wife and Castiel just lays there on the sofa, confused.
Castiel looks over at Dean, "Is that true?" his voice cracks again. Dean nods, staying silent and he plays with the wadded up ball of tissue in his hands. He faces the therapist, "I promise, I'll spend more one on one time with him-" and it makes Dean snort.
but that wasn't going to stop him from assuming that they would be spending most of their time having sex behind closed doors.
Castiel nods, "I lied to you, I'm sorry."
Dean's still crying and his legs are moving constantly with a strange need. "Daddy I don't wanna play-" his words are urgent. "I have to pee-" he struggles and is kept down by his fathers hand on his chest.
Eventually other men start whistling and cat calling things in their direction, but he doesn't care and continues spoon feeding the boy because he knows the kid must be depressed. It's not easy to be locked up, especially at such a young age. Dean smiles once he's done eating in some sort of
to consider.
A loud laugh erupts from Castiel and the strangers hand lands on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze before finally getting his order to go.
his voice cracks, the words spoken like he's asking the boys permission in order to move out.
Dean snorts, "Ain't nothing sweet about come-" the older man grips him by the hair, tugging. "Agh, let me go-"
Dean winces, "Shit-" before bending down to pick up the mess on the ground next to his boots. "Sorry Bobby-" but his uncle pays him no mind, knowing his nephew all to well. The boy can only keep his mind in order for about twenty minutes at a time so he was due for a screw up. "Can't do nothin' right today-" he tries to laugh his clumsiness away.
Dean shrugs, "Ash told me about it-" the man sits on the edge of the bed again, looking like he's no longer going anywhere. "What? I didn't do nothin'-"
There's no time to analyze the boy or to ask questions because stuff in the bedroom was being kicked around and the psychopath in there was screaming about God only knows so Castiel lifts Dean into his arms and runs down the hallway, outside to his car.
Castiel crosses his arms at his chest. "What have you done-" he had already suspected Dean was up to something involving drugs because of the way he looked and been acting recently- he knew the tell tale signs of drug use but he wanted his confirmation.
Castiel laughs, nodding. "But he sure is hot." she nods, her acrylic nails clicking on the keyboard as she types now. "I'm taking his son trick or treating-"
"Nah-" he lies again, biting into his burger. "It'll be nice, family time or whatever-"
"I guess so-"
Castiel blinks, leaning back in his chair. "Looking at you like what?" without realizing, his eyes glance down at the teens lips and he licks his own.
"Poor thing-" Castiel pulls him close to his body and Dean allows it. "Dream that often?" he nods. "I'm sorry he hurt you-" they've never really talked about the abuse so far.
Castiel cradled Dean’s head in a nurturing way, “You’re okay. Benny is in the past- you’re not Benny. If you-” He swallowed his own tears, “If you told me this from the start I may not have ever ran away. “
Castiel nodded.
"Are you sure-" Castiel asks but the teens already pulling off his shirt. "Dean-"
"That man over there-" he looks behind them, to the stranger in the suit who showed them the body. "He will answer all your questions about what's next- I'm sorry." he gives them a sad smile before returning to work. The stranger in the suit gives them all the information- the seconds, the minutes- they pass by in a blur. All Dean remembers is that they chose to have his father cremated since it was cheaper than a getting a casket.
Castiel almost groans before getting into the bed, his back presses against the headboard. "Come here-" he extends his hand which the teen takes instantly and helps him climb onto his lap. He looks up, both hands running up and down the his back. "C'mon, it's okay-" his voice sounds soft, convincing.
The kitchen was filled with Castiel's and Sam's laughter and Dean was finally happy. He felt at home, with his
"Bobby, I kissed him first-" his eyes look down at his unlaced boots that had been thrown on in a hurry. "I started it-" then his uncle starts marching down the rest of the way to the house to confront the man, unarmed. "Bobby!" he goes after him.
are all good. His eyes never leave the teen as he waits in the long lunch line, the fact that he's got his hands behind his back like a small child has his heart melting. If only he wasn't so cute and sweet, maybe it would be easier to keep his distance.
He grew closer to Castiel each and every day.
Dean smiles, blushing. "I always thought you were awesome. A big nerd, but awesome."
"If you want Derek so bad, I'll let him have you." he whispers in his ear hotly, "Isn't he still in college?" Dean nods, not getting his point. "He's going to be a dentist right?" he nods again. "Well then, his schedule is going to be just as packed as mine is baby and I know how needy you can be-" he starts kissing on the teens neck.
Dean smiled, "Yeah." and winked. "Shall I put this monster away now hmm."
"No but I'll live."
Castiel smiles, "That he does-" and sits down next to the older man. "So, you take stool softeners?"
Especially Dean, regardless of how terrible a father John had been- Dean looked up to him in a way. It was more of an odd fascination- his father had a cool car, a cool jacket, cool music and cool boots. Boots he'd hoped to fill one day and now he's glad he'll never wear them ever again. Those boots ended up in the trash along with everything else his father owned.
"Yea. Good as he can be-"
Brady bends over the car too as if helping his friend fix her, "You know Winchester, for a straight guy you suck my dick like you enjoy it-" Dean works through that comment, not letting it affect him even though on the inside he's screaming. He knows Castiel is still watching. "You sure you like girls?" Dean nods. "Really cause I'm betting that you don't." Brady actually starts helping Dean and it looks like two friends hanging out for a while until he opens his mouth again. "You fuck her yet?"
. "This was a good prank but get dressed. Both of you." he waits but as expected they don't dress- instead Dean starts making out with his friend. Sam, returning the kiss just as eagerly as Dean's giving it to him. "Stop!" Castiel yanks Dean back by his short hair, "What the fuck has gotten into you?"
The next thing that pops up is a request from Jack to video chat- he's not ready for it though he sits up anyway and does his best to fix his hair like they didn't just see each other outside not long ago. Dean presses the answer button - "Uh-hey."
Castiel is watching Dean play outside on this chilly November day, the temperature finally dropped a few degrees and the trees had finally gone bare.
Dean moans loudly, "Daddy-"
Dean looks over at his uncle in annoyance, it really is too damn early in the morning to be discussing holidays and not to mention he fucking hates holidays. "Nothin'-" is all he huffs, his knee bounces up and down because of the cold. Eventually saying, "But I won't turn down pie-" and the words sound like he might just come around to the idea.
Dean's walking up the porch steps of Castiel's home and lets himself in with the key was given. Though he did notice the car parked out front but assumed it might be a rental or something. "You get a new car-" he says when he walks into the kitchen, to find Meg sitting there eating toast in one of Castiel's shirts and nothing else. "You!" he yells, pointing at her in anger.
Castiel is kicked out of bed, "Dean!" He gets up from the floor. Hes pissed. "What's the matter with you?" He turns the light on again.
Unfortunately Castiel was still there and heard the two teenagers arguing out back, even if he couldn't hear what they were going on about he felt that his presence would make things worse. So he excuses himself from tonight's delicious dinner and once he's gone, Bobby goes outside to tear the two teens apart before things get any uglier. The last thing he wants to do is have to talk to this boys mother or father and explain things away.
Dean rolls his eyes, "So, what if I did?"
Castiel gulps silently, "I can't wait to meet her."
Dean plops down at a booth and opens his laptop- Robin's busy with a customer right now so he waits until she's on her lunch break. It'll be a while so he browses the internet- every time the bell on the door jingles he looks up to see who it is. For no reason other than boredom and curiosity. It jingles again and he looks up-
"When?" Castiel is defensive because he hasn't used the curse word in front of him- not once.
John's movements became rougher, so rough that he's having an anal orgasm for the first time and it leaves him whimpering like a small child. His boyish looks and sounds at the moment are enough to have him coming right then, and he comes inside the twitching asshole that refuses to let go of him.
One eyebrow on Castiel's face raises slightly in dominance, "I want to fuck you, not hurt you-" and the teen whimpers submissively- that's all he needs before shoving him down onto the bottom bunk. "Answer me, are you my girlfriend or not?"
"So I hate food cause my dad touched me-" he snorts. "I don't know what any of this shit has to do with food-"
"I'm sooo done. Let's go get food and go home God damn it." Dean cursed as they walked out of the Abercrombie & Fitch store. "Fuck."
"Gotta-" Dean stands up, wiping his mouth on a napkin to buy a few seconds. "-check the air on his tires." His uncle nods, "Be back in a jiffy." he runs out of the house and rushes over to Castiel's to find that his car wasn't there yet. He checks his phone,
Did she
"Hey-" he says, almost mouthing the words so as to not disturb anyone.
tests to be done. What surprises Dean the most is that the man looks so confused and out of it.
Eventually Dean says, "Damn look at the tits on her." his head is tilted to the side, admiring the breasts on the screen.
Dean smiles, "Can we wrestle too?"
His stomach had been growling for a while now and he's surprised to see that dinner waiting for him on the table, "What's all this?" he asks, looking around at the candles next to their meal and wine glasses. "Tryna liquor me up?-" his eyes are fixed on the two wine glasses.
"You sure?"
Later that night after Castiel has tucked Dean into bed, that's when he joins his boyfriend in the bedroom without knowing what kind of mood he would be in. Things had been weird and strained because they weren't having sex lately or fighting, they barely even spoke. The mechanic isn't in the room when he goes in but the shower is on in the bathroom so he lays in bed to wait for him so they can
"We were prepping a patient for surgery and the floor was wet-" she blinks, talking carefully. "He slipped and fell, hit his head-" the matter being discussed is a serious one, yet her tone is very easy going.
They both knew the diner was closing soon, the clock told them that and there hadn't been a customer in half an hour. "Robin-" Benny calls her, "Pie." he holds up two fingers indicating to her that he wants two slices.
"Maybe he's got an eating disorder." Chuck starts packing up his things, they both watch Dean sleep for a while as they discuss the teenager. "You need to get him help. Anorexia- can lead to some very nasty things. His heart-"
loser. Dean hauls himself off the chair and goes over to shyly step into the pool and suddenly feels like all eyes are on him, even if they weren't. Since he doesn't know how to swim, he simply makes his way over to the man and thank goodness the water wasn't too deep.
"You're thirteen but yeah you can-" Castiel takes a sip of his beer, "If she gets her period, she can get pregnant."
The jealousy caused by one single comment, has the blood coursing his veins boiling hot. The fucking guy actually had a damn profile on a porn website, that he pays
Dean hugs his spider man doll to his chest and nods, like he doesn't want to go home tonight either. "Okay-" is all he says before they head off again, both not really knowing where to yet.
The older man nods, "You're mine-" and thinks about it for a few seconds before saying, "I belong to you too-" and it wasn't easy for him to say that.
Dean lets her, hands on her shoulders like he's never kissed a girl before. As soon as the kiss ends, his gaze find blue and they aren't pissed at him. His stepfather simply gives him a smile and returns to his conversation with Bobby. Dean hugs her, then hugs Kevin and even hugs Ash- who took some convincing but it was new years so he gave in eventually.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Alright alright. Leaves, chop wood-" he stands up and walks down the hall and continues reciting the list of chores sarcastically under his breath. "-take out the trash, oh and never do shit with my life but hang out with my family-"
It was the pure effort that had been made that had him forgiving the man for not telling him about his mother and that was the end of the very minor bad blood between them.
"Why can't ya stay away from him?" he sits up. "At least until you're eighteen-" the teen shakes his head, it angers him. "Have you no self control boy!" his voice roars extremely loudly in the silent home.
"I can't wait for Halloween-" Dean sighs.
Kevin smiles awkwardly because the energy feels weird and stuffy between the three of them. "I'll see you outside-" Dean says before going inside the classroom once again.
Castiel places a heavy hand on the boys shoulder, "You know that thing you like?" their eyes are focused on each other. "Where you like to be humiliated?" the teen gulps, knowing exactly what he means. "I like it too-"
"I was at Sam's-" he grabs the remote and starts flipping through the channels.
Castiel laughs about, "Relax, I thought I could use a friend too."
"Again?" Castiel asks.
Dean was curled up in a lump under the covers and Castiel smiles before closing the door completely unaware of what happened. If only he had known, all hell would have broken loose and he would have taken the boy far away from the man he still calls his
Sam punches him in the shoulder, "Jerk."
No way, that thought scares him half to death and makes a mental note to start hiding his things better which he shouldn't have to do. But now this is about survival, not about feeling comfortable or safe in the home that isn't his but pays for anyways.
"What are you doing for Easter?"
Dean shakes his head, blushing already. "No-" but he's smiling about it because he does want to but he's fucking too shy to do it. He's given head before, a handful of times for some cash but this is different, he's sort of liking the guy aside from the jolt of fear the man causes him. "I don't know how" he lies because he's not ready.
"You're just begging to get fucked-" Castiel wraps his arms around the boy, holding him against his body possessively. He warns, "-no mercy tonight." before lifting him up onto his bare lap and Dean's knees spread apart willingly- his cock is pressing up against his hole. "Be a good kitten." He orders and his cock pushes into that heat slowly, eventually letting him in completely. "Mmmmm-" Castiel rumbles into the boys ear.
"You're gonna be okay-" he hushes softly, helping the girl to her pink bedroom. "Lay down, I'll bring you something to drink-"
"Right. Which cologne do I get." he asked, without actually caring which one he was going to end up getting. Castiel picked a bottle and sprayed some on his wrist, smelling it before extending his arm for the boy to smell. "Can we get this one? I like it." Castiel nodded, guiding him towards the registers to go pay.
soon. Maybe tomorrow afternoon.
"I fell asleep after-" his voice trembles. "Cas had me cleanin' the whole damn house, you believe that?" he huffs a nervous laugh.
Dean sighs an unsteady breath, "You go ahead, I just wanna sit here a while. Breathe a little bit." Castiel nods and squeezes his shoulder before he goes inside to make them both something to eat. By now the suns already set and it's pretty dark outside as he sits in his new-old car. He's running his hands over the steering wheel, over the old and worn leather of the interior. He looks down and realize his dick is hard in his jeans. "You got to be kidding me." he grumbles.
Dean blushes, "I'm gonna take these." he holds up a scented candle with crushed crystals and herbs on top of it and a book about witchcraft. Castiel follows the boy to the register towards the back of the store, she rings up the items.
All too soon, lips are pressing softly against each other. The kiss is shy and nervous as if this were their first kiss every, but it's not and they both know it. Still, butterflies are swimming around inside them both, banging around against ribs to be freed.
